The audience is meant to relate to Jett 's indignation-the band 's success should hinge on their sound , not their looks-but it feels like a bogus position , since we , in watching the scene on the lawn , have been made complicit in Cherie 's objectification .
The acting makes this movie . Too often in a music movie the soundtrack takes first precedence , but here the acting is the center of the movie .
I find it the worst kind of form over function , in which all involved seem to have forgotten that the aesthetic rebellions of the time stemmed from a deeper defiance of the status quo .
A full-throttle joyride through fame 's treacherous trenches .
Fanning makes Currie 's fame - and pharmaceutical-fueled transformation/liberation at once exhilarating and terrifying .
... A typical story of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll , but it 's told with style and energy that keep it from bogging down amid the clichés .
-LSB- It chooses -RSB- to merely nod at the more complicated , strange and exciting aspects of the band 's story and spend most of its time touching on the usual stuff
In age-appropriate casting , Fanning does n't put a platform boot wrong in her portrayal of a valley girl rock chick -LRB- circa . 1975 -RRB- growing up way too fast , with neither the inclination nor the wherewithal to slow down .
The film might be intended as a cautionary tale , but that tends to get lost amid the lurid thrills and tacked-on happy ending .
Aside from Stewart transforming herself into Jett , once the band is formed , there is little about the film that captures the atmosphere of the time period .
Director Floria Sigismondi brings the tale of this real-life pop-punk band to the screen with the traits of a vapid , glossy promo video . And it works ! A shame about the length then .
It 's not so much a shock to the system as a series of practised strokes , yet -- for moments at a time -- it makes you squirm happily in your seat .
It 's miles too long and does n't know when to shut up , but The Runaways is too much fun to really do any damage to the world .
Sigismondi 's dramatised account of the band has echoes of Almost Famous as it captures a tangy flavour of the hunger for fame and the bittersweet reality of success in the Seventies rock scene .
The Runaways se mora preporučiti , iako prije svega svima onima koji su prije toga bili prisiljeni gledati Sumrak , odnosno iz terapeutskih razloga .
For the most part it works , thanks to painstaking recreations of hazy disco-era dive bars , faded roller rinks and seedy motels , plus a ballsy performance by Kristen Stewart .
Given that the band were more about attitude than music , there 's not a lot of substance here .
Fanning captures Currie 's surly `` Cherry Bomb '' style effectively , particularly when dolled up in the notorious white basque that Currie is remembered for ; Stewart is even better as the furiously smouldering Jett .
There 's a wham , bam , thank you , man , quality to this music biopic that makes it a pleasurable rock rush that 's easy on the eye , even if it fails to do much more than skate the surface of the band of its title .
Maybe The Runaways is Linson 's way of showing that he can make a success of this subject , and I think he has done , with a film which shows how brutal and sexist rock 'n' roll is .
As far as music biopics go this is conventional fare , while the songs - like the fashions - have n't aged well . But with both women giving their all , you ca n't fault the enthusiasm .
Exuberant and aggressive but also questionable and ambivalent .
Hazy both as a portrait of teenage excess -LRB- a lot of pouting , kissing , and kicking of dustbins -RRB- and as an account of The Runaways ' fame in the second half of the 1970s -LRB- they appear to have been big in Japan -RRB- .
Essentially , this is Currie 's sob story and it can feel too self-pitying at times , though the high-wattage pairing of Stewart and Fanning keeps it together .
Cringe-making fun for survivors of the '70s .
Really , how can you not love Joan Jett weeing on a guitar then slipping over in her own piss ? It 's Frank Spencer meets Sid Vicious .
The result is an entertaining mess : lively and stylish , but frustratingly inconsequential .
In the end , the girls ' limited degree of ` success ' is a brutal reminder that if you are not in control and are flying too close to a hot lamp , you 're likely to get burned .
The film follows the band down the bog - standard rock 'n' roll madness route , and the shallow script does n't offer much of an insight into Joan or Cherie 's personalities along the way .
The Runaways is let down by its inability to decide where the story ends , but it will doubtless resonate with anyone who ever dreamed of quitting school to become a rock star .
Okay , so it 's not quite as rock 'n' roll as what Garbage 's Shirley Manson did to her boyfriend 's corn flakes . But give the girls a chance , man .
If it was n't for the music , this biopic would be a total dud .
One of the best examples of the beautifully flawed is The Runaways and its film counterpart follows suit .
Their story is quite a tale and this film , while slipping into familiar rock movie rise-and-fall conventions , does a pretty job of getting to the heart of the matter .
Dakota Fanning 's pre-teen innocent appearance contributes greatly to the captivating nature of her metamorphosis into rock diva in The Runaways .
Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning are great together .
A music-based biopicture about a female hard-rock band that paved the way for many others by proving that chicks can play as well as the guys .
A hugely enjoyable trash fest . The perfect way for Runaways virgins to pop their Cherry Bomb .
-LSB- Sigismondi 's -RSB- film nails a key paradox about the rock industry : a business that 's all about capitalism at its most conservative and rampant , peddling a product that 's all about rebellion .
Deciphering any real meaning from the flame-out of The Runaways is almost impossible . Luckily , there are three fantastic lead performances that always keep things on the right side of watchable .
Cherry Bombs implode in this revealing biopic of teenage rockers on the edge in The Runaways .
It has problems but it does do one thing well : it captures the madness and exhilaration of being young , hungry and female in '70s rock 'n' roll , a time when when glam rock and punk collided with a sort of feminism .
Stewart shows off a tougher persona than we usually see from her , proving she is far more than just a pout . Ultimately though the standout in the film is Fanning , who seems to be successfully transitioning from child to adult actor .
From the actresses gamely doing their own singing , to the grubby , fumbling sex scenes , The Runaways breathlessly seethes with hard fought authenticity .
There is too much done for sheer effect in the film , from camera angles to complete scenes , but not enough to explore the substance of these characters and their decisions
The film sizzles with attitude and rebellion as the dark sport of rock 'n roll becomes the ticket
The Runaways succeeds in being as brash and trashy as the source material , and just as fun .
This cautionary rock 'n roll ride is both entertaining and deflating .
The Runaways is cool , but the Runaways were just so much cooler .
` The Runaways ' lacks an anarchistic punch - an authenticity and angst so distinctive of the band 's rock n ' roll revolution .
What keeps The Runaways from becoming yet another story of a group being exploited by a Svengali-like manager is that Sigismondi frames the story by having the girls learn from Fowley before slowly discovering how to develop skills that leave him in the d
Joan Jett stomps into a montage sequence under `` It 's a Man 's Man 's Man 's World '' -- a brief reminder for those of you who are not paying attention .
The Runaways is n't bad -- it 's got spirit and spunk -- but it fails to really punch across this vital period in rock history .
Angelic Dakota Fanning is n't very convincing as either a sexed-up , David Bowie-obsessed teen or a drug addict .
Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning power the film through its lulls by the sheer force of their performances .
The Runaways a rollicking good time , with plenty of funny moments mixed in with the sex , drugs and rock 'n roll , I was left with the sensation that something was missing .
Sigismondi appears less concerned with factual accuracy and compelling storytelling , whether she 's addressing the band 's swaggering music or Currie 's bisexual proclivities .
Kristen Stewart 's Joan Jett is one of many killer riffs that makes The Runaways
What begins as a sexually charged , energetic rock love story featuring two actresses pouring their souls into two iconic characters grinds to a halt beyond act one .
The problem is n't that it hits so many traditional rock biopic notes . The problem is that it purports to tell the story of a manufactured 70 's all girl band and , when it 's over , the character you remember most vividly is the guy who did the manufacturing .
The film is remarkably devoid of preachiness . The material is handled with an admirable amount of ambiguity and is all the better for it .
Floria Sigismondi 's flawed account of the rise and fall of short-lived , all-girl rock band The Runaways captures a genuine sense of the 1970s ... the real '70s , not the wacky sitcom version .
Even if the paint-by-numbers story is underwhelming , the performances and the rawk still make the film a blast .
The drop of menstrual blood that hits the pavement in the first shot signals that this flashy , colorful film will offer a particularly female take on the cautionary blood-and-thunder passion play that audiences expect from their rock-and-roll biographies .
The Runaways gives you a sense of what it must have felt like to be 15 years old and go from being the girl everyone makes fun of to a rocker touring the world .
While the script only scrapes at surface details of the story of the Runaways , the movie looks and sounds just right .
From the very first moment of The Runaways when a drop of blood hits the pavement , director/writer Floria Sigismondi makes it abundantly clear that her film is not going to be some cute and cuddly coming-of-age story .
It 's a tale we 've heard 100 times , like another three-chord bar-band rock anthem .
Aside from following the clichéd -LRB- if real -RRB- storyline , The Runaways is plagued by something of a split personality , thanks to its two young stars .
Excess is abundant in photographer and music-video director Floria Sigismondi 's energetic debut .
Even Kristen Stewart is pretty interesting . No , really .
There 's a flinty integrity in this movie 's look at the rock grind , and Stewart and Fanning are intensely watchable .
Stewart and Fanning totally inhabit their roles to an almost frightening degree ; Stewart just simply IS Joan Jett , from the petulant sneer to her raspy lyrics to even her slouched walk .
Between Fanning and the outrageous Shannon , avarice glinting right behind his eyes , some scenes spark to life . But as for the overall story and an in-depth look at the band , we 're left shouting for more .
Get ready to see Dakota Fanning in ways you never imagined , never wanted to see , ca n't believe with your own eyes and make you feel very very dirty .
Music video director Floria Sigismondi shot this fascinating story on Super 16 , giving the film a beautifully gritty 70 's look . Fanning and Shannon are phenomenal .
While Jett and Currie emerge as blurry , half-formed characters , Shannon 's Fowley brings the contradictions the Runaways embodied into sharp , biting focus .
Parental Content Review
Fanning and Stewart , playing the two leads , are timid and lifeless much of the time .
Tone-deaf , soulless and vapid .
Enjoyable , stylishly directed rock biopic with terrific performances from Fanning , Stewart and Shannon , though the fact that it 's adapted from Currie 's book means that only Cherie 's story is explored in any depth .
It might sound square to suggest that making a movie about someone who did n't lose his mind on drugs , or cheat on his wife , would be a welcome change , but in truth , any change in approach would be welcome at this point .
Dakota Fanning and Kristen Stewart are amazingly good .
The Runaways -LRB- is -RRB- an above-average attempt to illustrate the limited ups and bottomless downs of life in service to the business of show .
They were Lolitas with a backbeat , jail bait in jumpsuits , without much in common other than a lack of experience and maturity and a longing for thrills .
Gets right down to the innate feeling of it all -- the uncertainty of adolescence , the thrill of success , and the dark side that comes with getting it all and not having the wisdom or life experience to know when enough is enough .
These girls were , for a very short time , the Queens of Noise . Fanning 's concert performance of Cherry Bomb will be ringing in your ears for days .
Featuring fine work from 20-year-old Kristen Stewart -LRB- `` Twilight '' -RRB- and 16-year-old Dakota Fanning -LRB- another `` Twilight '' alumna -RRB- , the film version of Jett and Currie 's story , also called `` The Runaways , '' boasts an unsurprising but serviceable behind-the-music
The final segment is as cliched and as predictable as any of the many films that have chronicled the rise and fall of well-known musical figures .
The one glistening light in The Runaways is Michael Shannon 's turn as Fowley , snide and vicious and conceited and overdrugged and oversexed and utterly unlike anything else in the film .
The Runaways turns into a stereotypical crash-and-burn rock band biopic . But until then , the film hints at how the energy of youth and the urgency of the disaffected are the mother 's milk of rocking out .
Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning flex their rockin ' girl-power muscles , and director Floria Sigismondi avoids the rags-to-riches-to-rehab cliches .
Jett , Currie , and the others are teen outcasts in Me Generation Los Angeles , aching to break out of their lives . You can feel their frustration , their need to make an unholy racket .
Because the movie captures the period so well and argues so convincingly that the Runaways ' very existence was revolutionary , it does n't have to exaggerate the highs and lows to create a more salable story .
The single most boring film ever made about rock & roll .
A dim , gutless approximation of the feisty group and their brief bath in the frigid ice waters of fringe celebrity ... It 's all warped surface , blunted character estimation , and woeful direction .
Details are n't as important to `` Runaways '' as mood , and Sigismondi 's cast wraps their fists around the rebellion and resistance that fuelled the manufactured garage band .
Sigismondi dutifully lines up the same old stock elements to tell the story of the teen-girl rock band that had a brief but influential career in the 1970s .
Floria Sigismondi 's mixed-bag debut feature , though offering nightmarish sequences in which the teens are clearly in over their heads , merely skims the surface .
Probably about as good a movie as the title band deserves . But it 's also something more than that thanks to the performances .
The movie avoids many of the usual musical biopic cliches , but replaces them with an equally tired depiction of an innocent consumed by the wilderness she helped create , arriving at a muted , lethargic finale -- the antithesis of raucous rock 'n' roll .
A well-acted and vivid re-creation of a dark , downbeat era when `` girls do n't play electric guitar , '' and you had to be someone pretty tough and pretty special to try it .
... a sonic , sensual tribute to a band that broke rules without even caring or realizing they existed . This movie is only rock 'n' roll , but I like it .
It 's Dakota Fanning 's movie and she is terrific .
While not quite a dud , The Runaways is not the movie it should be . It 's a packaged cake with vanilla icing and a Cherie on top . A maraschino Cherie , at that .
It is n't Rock 'n' Roll and I ca n't say I loved it , but if this was the record playing on the jukebox I might be inclined to listen to it again all the same . Heck , there 's a good chance I might even dance .
Writer/director Floria Sigismondi ... has clearly watched `` Sid and Nancy '' more than once , but she also adds a few of her own artistic flourishes onto an otherwise pretty standard rise and fall rock story .
There has n't been a movie like The Runaways , one about women rockers that 's just as raw and earthy and tough and pitiless as the ones about the men are .
The Runaways does nothing to distinguish itself from previous depictions of the lives and excesses of our most beloved and most tragic rock and pop icons .
Where Ray and Walk the Line like to revel in the actor-y scenes of darkness , The Runaways actually captures the energy of the music and uses the dark incidents sparingly to actually make a point .
For a movie about a groundbreaking all-girl act directed by a visually arresting multimedia artist , The Runaways is neither .
Shannon is at the top of his game , and the film 's `` girl power '' energy is very satisfying .
Filmed with a 1970s punk edginess , the movie recalls a time when male teachers could get away with telling girls like Joan Jett : `` Girls do n't play electric guitar . '' While some things have changed , this is an anthem to those young women who would n't take n
Like the music of the group , this is best enjoyed in the moment as a guilty , irresistible pleasure without any pretense of depth to deaden its erotic charge .
There are a number of things it does right , and virtually none that it does wrong ; yet at the same time , there are very few things it does exceptionally well .
Like producer/Svengali Kim Fowley , The Runaways puts music second . It rocks attitude and sex , drugs and abandonment
The film is as messy and flawed as the era depicted , but its grittiness and raw energy infuse it with an authentic rock n ' roll spirit .
Familiar , routine story about not so interesting characters .
Great performances , particularly Kristen Stewart as Joan Jett frame this teenage girl 's fever dream portrait of the short-lived band that burned out in glorious flames before they were seventeen
The beats the movie hits are predictable enough that , after a rousing , raunchy opening act , the story of the group 's fast rise and spectacular flameout begins to feel like an exceptionally dirty-mouthed after-school special .
It 's just tragic that in a film about a pioneering all-girl rock band , it is Michael Shannon 's sex grunts that are the most memorable component .
Floria Sigismondi has created a movie that 's more interesting than the band that it 's about .
What better way to rekindle interest in the salacious origins of hard rock 's first all-girl group ? Or , if you 're the formerly wholesome ex-child stars , to swagger into edgy , tainted adulthood ?
You would be making better use of your time and money by downloading the actual Runaways albums , all of which are as strong today as they were when originally released and which will continue to last long after this film is forgotten .
The movie may be a little too tame in the end , but at its best it is just wild enough .
Sex , drugs , and glam rock in '70s teen band biopic .
A paint-by-numbers rock biopic elevated only by very stong performances from Michael Shannon , Dakota Fanning and , surpringly , Kristen Stewart .
The band 's few hits , like `` Cherry Bomb '' and `` Queens of Noise , '' are all over the soundtrack , but the music , much like the people who made it , feels like an afterthought .
After all this , we ca n't help but ask , why Cherie , anyway ? ... Shine on , Joan .
Fine work from Kristen Stewart and Dakota Fanning in this conventional but solid look at the chick-punk teen band from the 1970s .
... never quite becomes anything more than a mildly entertaining look at the rise and fall of the eponymous '70s punk-rock band ...
... the film breathlessly unreels snapshots of a trip that 's so swift there 's no stopping for deep-dish exploration , or even sufficient time for the band 's ` noise ' to work its black magic . It 's an oddly old-fashioned movie ...
`` The Runaways '' captures the intoxicating power of rock-and-roll music to transform young lives % u2013 to lift teenage nobodies up into the clouds of stardom -LRB- and then , more often than not , dump them back down into the real world they had dreamed of escapi
Conflicts are poorly developed and scenarios are inexcusably cliche . Usually every music biopic has a touch of original thought ; ` The Runaways ' has none . That said , it 's hard to hate a movie about one of the first all-girl punk rock groups of all time .
Fanning and Stewart are the deserving stars of the film , nailing every last look and lick , holding their own even as Shannon savvily attempts to nick every scene .
It may be , as Fowley says near the end of the film , that the Runaways `` were a conceptual rock project that failed . '' But as a film about a certain time and place in rock history , The Runaways largely succeeds .
Amusing though it sometimes is , the closest thing the movie offers to a reason for its existence is the post-Runaways success of Jett .
Despite its flaws , it 's eminently watchable particularly for those , like myself , nostalgic for an era of brazen rock , uncluttered by today 's whiny , ineffectual Corgan and Yorke clones .
A movie about a revolutionary rock band should be at least a little revolutionary itself .
Why should anyone watch this movie ? And why would its stars make it , except to try to shake off their teen-idol images ?
Kristen Stewart is a modern day James Dean .
If anything , it just makes you want to know more about Jett 's back story and Currie 's subsequent life .
It explains why kids needed rock 'n' roll , and why the Runaways still mean so much to those who remember them .
The based-on-a-true-story , rock-star arc is entirely predictable , but the lead performances , along with Michael Shannon as eccentric mentor Kim Fowley , elevate the antics above average .
Shannon infuses manic life and libido into the crazy , controlling genius in caftans and in the process makes real the ego-destroying realities and unforgiving odds of making it as a band . But every time things get interesting , like the Jett-Currie relati
The genre 's usual framing perspective gets a kick in the pants in this boozy , femme-centric coming-of-age flick that chiefly connects courtesy of a nervy , burgeoning adult performance by Kristen Stewart , and a smart , economical sense of period style .
Say what you will about the Runaways -- they never played it safe . The movie does .
Told with a jolting , lurid energy , The Runaways feels oddly off-balance .
This might be of interest to rock theoreticians , but it does n't make for much of a movie - Fowley 's obscene and pretentious outbursts about the meaning and purpose of The Runaways sound way too much like screenwriting .
There 's something awfully literal about watching the group famous for the refrain `` Neon angels on the road to ruin ! '' as just that . And not much more .
An intriguing but flawed attempt to dramatize the rise and fall of a group that 's more than an historical footnote but less than a household name .
The Runaways were the first major all-girl punk band . In honor of this distinction , they 're now the first major all-girl punk band to inspire a bleary , excessive , and altogether mediocre big-screen biography .
From a narrative perspective , there 's nothing particularly unique about The Runaways ... what distinguishes the film is its texture and sense of place .
Making her feature debut , Sigismondi conjures up a cheapo New World Pictures vibe that 's utterly persuasive .
Most often , it seems to get off on the titillating mayhem that is at the core of the story of the first all-girl rock band .
Electrifies thanks to Shannon drooling over rock 'n roll like an even sleazier Ari Gold , and Fanning , who perfectly balances budding sexuality and youthful naivete .
It 's pungent and quick on its feet , capturing the clubs , the shag-heavy interiors and the Farrah-haired vibe of mid-1970s Los Angeles in look and spirit .
Its interest comes from Shannon 's fierce and sadistic training scenes as Kim Fowley , and from the intrinsic qualities of the performances by Stewart and Fanning , who bring more to their characters than the script provides .
They loved rock & roll . Go put another dime in the jukebox , baby .
The most entertaining thing about The Runaways ... is that its writer-director , Floria Sigismondi , has a sixth sense for how the Runaways were bad-angel icons first and a rock & roll band second .
The Runaways broke new ground . And if The Runaways does n't , it 's still a movie worth watching -- and listening to .
Marked only by clichés about broken homes , the primal sexuality of punk rock , and the dangerous allure of drugs and stardom .
Sigismondi 's script captures the mixed-motives of songs like the ingenious `` Cherry Bomb , '' flirting with delinquency and culture shock .
In one of the best sequences of the production , Peggy Lee 's `` Fever '' is summarily rejected unheard as Kim/Joan write the infamous `` Cherry Bomb '' chart on the spot .
An uneven clash of nicely telegraphed raw sound and timid storytelling , Dakota same sex afterglow in bed with her roller skates still on , and Kristen still in bite this mode , as showerhead pleasuring maven self-entertaining and singing solo in the tub .
This movie hints at a really fascinating story but just barely scratches at its glittery surface .
A great soundtrack : If only the movie showed that much range or energy ... mundane and formulaic .
Stewart and Fanning handle the vocals admirably , their live performances blending seamlessly with actual Runaways recordings on the soundtrack .
The three leads provide convincing performances , with Dakota Fanning being the standout .
It 's sexy , but , in the end , skin-deep .
Watching Michael Shannon prod his underage girls into writing those still-explosive lyrics for the band 's most famous song `` Cherry Bomb , '' in an abandoned trailer home , speaks volumes about punk 's do-it-yourself ethos .
Before VH1-style unmaking-of-the-band clichés undo it , this rockpic boasts a pair of live-wire performances and some pioneering same-sex passion .
In patches it 's agreeably lurid , but it 's otherwise ho-hum .
As much as for its characters , `` The Runaways '' is a rite of passage for its stars .
Stewart & Fanning are both great , but Michael Shannon as Kim Fowley steals the show .
Sometimes mind-blowing power is n't available , and a rollercoaster ride of stardom and depravity will just have to do .
Music video director Floria Sigismondi 's The Runaways is far from a perfect movie , but there are moments when it comes about as close to catching the visceral kick of the pre-iPod rock experience as any film I 've ever seen .
A vivid period piece , The Runaways is anything but an extended music video .
A quick-silver , impressionistic account of the swift rise and long , steep fall of rock 's first all-girl band .
A conventionally enjoyable making-and-breaking-of-the-band saga .




@highlight

Viewers expecting an in-depth biopic will be disappointed , but The Runaways is as electric as the band 's music , largely thanks to strong performances from Michael Shannon , Dakota Fanning , and Kristen Stewart .