Writing a faithful synopsis for Hardcore Henry would be like writing a plot summary for a Jackson Pollack painting .
Hardcore Henry has no story and is as dumb as a high-school jock , but there is endless potential for what else can be done . Maybe a POV movie with an actual plot for starters
It 's as if Total Recall met Crank met your PlayStation console - but better , stronger , faster .
The only surprising thing about an action movie filmed entirely with GoPro cameras is why it took so long .
The bludgeoning , butchering and bloodletting gets more than a bit old .
Pugilism is the dialogue of movement , and Henry does n't stop yammering until the last second .
Hardcore Henry is both the past and future of filmmaking , and is n't going to be everyone 's cup of tea ... Copley 's performance is so good that you wo n't be able to stop talking about it .
HARDCORE HENRY is like watching the world 's best FPS video game directed by Sam Raimi , scored by the Sex Pistols , while on acid in the midst of an earthquake .
In the fleeting beats where the action connects and the camera does n't shake so bad and the characters have things to do , then Hardcore Henry is pretty badass .
The camerawork is impressively nutty and it moves like nobody 's business , but it 's ultimately just a wind-up toy , and once it 's done going in its tedious circles , there 's not much left for anyone who can vote and does n't subsist on Red Bull .
Watching Hardcore Henry is a lot like watching someone play a first-person shooter for two hours , without the added entertainment value of a Let 's Play video .
A film of a refreshing curiosity , hooliganism and irony , resulting in an energetic experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A translation of extreme sports videos in first person to an action film where the fun to see people jumping is the most important . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that haves the honor of being the first actioner filmed totally using only a subjective first person camera like it was a shooter like Doom . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a movie best seen in theatres with a group of rowdy and slightly tipsy -LRB- or more than slightly tipsy -RRB- friends .
Simple , nauseous and full of action . This film does n't require much intellect but it 's very entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You can respect the sheer amount of effort that would have had to have gone into choreographing this film just so , but whether you 'll enjoy it is another matter entirely .
Dirty Harry has nothing on Hardcore Henry , whose day is constantly being made by an army of robotic mercenaries singularly incapable of overcoming Henry 's superior combat skills
A miserable , and tedious gimmick that feels like cut scenes from a stale Sega CD beat em up game ...
The filmmakers should be imprisoned for this first-person-POV crime against humanity .
Shot entirely from a first-person point of view and staged like a video game , this action extravaganza does n't care about characters , but as an experimental exercise in pure style , it 's pretty cool .
If you 're a dedicated gamer , I can see why you 'd enjoy ` Hardcore Henry . '
This is a film with an innovative visual style , but that does n't mean it 's a great film , however it can surely be considered a pioneer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Probably the best videogame movie adaptation based in no game at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hardcore Henry is a movie because of the way it 's made , but it 's a misoginistic one at that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This glorified long videoclip filmed with a `` Go Pro '' might be in the liking of the gaming community , but it 's really just a strange product with no clear audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The visual style of the film is the only thing it has going for it , too bad it gets old after 20 minutes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The end result is the same experience as seeing someone else play a videogame . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film without any other appeal than the way t 's filmed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film could be the start of a new age in cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a stylish , extreme , rocking , suicidal beast of a movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is so focused on the experimental visuals that it renounces any kind of coherent plot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
First-person format does n't impart immediacy when the action is nothing we can imagine ourselves doing .
It 's a commendable technical tour de force , but it wears thin eventually ; the constant bloodletting becomes oppressive , the story is more trouble to follow than it 's worth , and the movie becomes like watching somebody else play a video game .
The idea is more interesting than the execution .
He fights , he stabs , he shoots , he gouges ... there is n't a means of murder Henry does n't try in this excessive orgy of Looney Tunes cartoon violence .
This first-person-shooter extravaganza has little purpose besides showing what happens when a GoPro is strapped to a series of stuntmen as they run through their repertoire of extraordinary action moves .
The relentless point of view videography is a visually restrictive technique . I got tired of the boring repetition of so many shootings , stabbings , hacking and beatings , all seen from the exact same viewpoint .
Take a shot every time someone witlessly compares Hardcore Henry to a point-of-view video game as if this is some terrible , unforgivable thing , and you 'll be drunk by noon .
This movie has the shiny new techniques , but it suffers from a very old problem -- the lack of anything resembling a narrative .
Light on plot , high on braindead action , it turns out there 's a reason hardly any films are shot in first-person view - it 's just not a very good idea .
It 's a shame the action genre is seen with such a prejudice - if it was n't for that , this movie would be recognized as what it truly is : a great example of filmmaking . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
This movie does n't just whiff on the Bechdel test ; it bubbles in a picture of a penis on the Scantron and high-fives itself on the way out .
If a person wants to take part in a first-person action game , they should just play a first-person action game .
Hardcore Henry is only partly successful at using the first person POV format to create a unique cinematic experience .
A fun performance from Copley and just enough moments of self-reflexive absurdity make `` Hardcore Henry '' an adequate arcade-style brawler with a few nice tricks up its sleeve .
The gore-filled visuals , which might have amazed some techies , only gave me a migraine .
It gives director Naishuller a canvas for unremitting and visceral action . It will be interesting to see what he can do when given the opportunity for a more complex story .
Hardcore Henry is nauseating , twice over .
Ninety minutes watching an anonymous gamer in bored silence .
A mostly dreadful piece of would-be #viral #content disguised as an action film .
Strip away the POV angle , and what 's left is basically the awful Hitman : Agent 47 . It 's an all-hype-no-hope endeavor that grows ever more flaccid by the minute .
It is pummeling . It is punishing . It is nauseating and headache-inducing .
It may not be one of the best video game movies , but it 's definitely the most video game movie .
The theater chairs do n't come equipped with controllers , causing the novelty of the concept to wear off well before you get to `` game over . ''
it 's probably the most fun I 've had in a theater being on the verge of losing my cookies
Copley 's contributions notwithstanding , Hardcore Henry is a failed experiment in first-person cinema , but it 's an interesting failure .
If action movies are meant to be stunning , Hardcore Henry can proudly take its place among the giants . Even better , it lets you stand with them .
The film 's not for anyone who gets nauseous watching handheld camera footage or who 's looking for insightful drama . This is simply a grade A , 100 percent pure adrenaline fix for action junkies .
A great movie fools you into thinking it 's really happening . By trying to make us a part of the film itself , Hardcore Henry just keeps reminding us it 's not .
Not the visuals that end up souring the viewing experience , but the lack of story , terrible performances , and a tuneless soundtrack , making the titular brute 's periodic wargasms the highlight of the effort .
This gloriously goofy little film lets you be the central figure in a rollicking adventure full of danger , mayhem , and carnage . Pop some Dramamine and go for one heck of a wild ride .
Most of the movie consists of long sequences of running , jumping and fighting , making you realize that such things are better viewed from outside the body doing them .
Hardcore Henry does n't just get under your skin , it gets behind your eyeballs and uses your head as its own cockpit . For hardcore thrills , Henry is your guy .
There are times when Hardcore Henry feels like the beginning of a brand new genre of action movie . Though to be fair , I wo n't blame you if the sound of such a genre makes you want to barf .
Hardcore is n't a perfect movie by any means , but it is a rip-roaring 90 minutes of firepower , action and carnage , and an unprecedented cinematic achievement .
Most certainly not a movie for everyone , but it 's a film that 's blessed with the clear knowledge of exactly who it 's for and delivers specifically for that crowd .
An insane first-person shooter action-movie blast . Go , Henry .
Does anybody know the cheat code that turns `` Hardcore Henry '' into a good movie ?
-LSB- L -RSB- et it first and foremost serve as a lesson for any filmmaker who might think of following in the movie 's frantic footsteps .
Is it much of a movie ? Not really . It 's more of an experience - a passive sort of virtual reality - that uses a bare-bones narrative as a vehicle for a big-time body count .
A gonzo Russian action-flick shot entirely in first-person perspective . About as coherent as it sounds , but highly inventive and bloody great fun .
... delivers multiple great sequences ... -LSB- but -RSB- it 's almost too relentless
Easily the best video game based movie not based on an actual video game .
Hardcore Henry thrives on its original design and copycats will just be pale imitations . The only thing they could do better is write better dialogue , more plot , better characters and at least one scene that makes logical sense .
The relentless action flick Hardcore Henry is totally nuts and a lot of fun for freaks .
-LSB- Naishuller 's -RSB- debut feature is a landmark of sorts , and a potent omen in this year of mass-marketed virtual reality .
By the time he 's breaking out the musical numbers you wo n't have a clue what 's going on - but you 'll be loving it .
Too stuck in the swamp of empty machismo to be anything more than the feature equivalent of a soar-and-crash overdose .
I 'm sure a lot of people will call Hardcore Henry `` innovative '' and `` groundbreaking . '' And maybe it is . But it also feels more like a cool gimmick than a movie-and that gimmick gets old pretty fast .
Hardcore Henry is definitely hardcore - an adrenaline-fueled , ultra-violent , one-of-a-kind experience that stands as the closest thing to a live-action video game that you 'll ever see . Too bad it 's not any good .
If one can accept the story 's video-game logic and cope with the kinetosis , `` Hardcore '' is often exhilaratingly extreme .
First-person POV quickly gets old as the bodies stack and the story loses steam .
It 's made for a particular audience and for that audience , Hardcore Henry delivers a truly innovative and immersive experience that 's also a wicked amount of fun .
Director Ilya Naishuller has said that he originally thought a 90-minute feature using the same technique was a bad idea , based on little more than a gimmick . It turns out he was right , but that wo n't matter to certain audiences .
For about 90 seconds , the novel first-person-shooter point of view hits our bodies with an unexpected flood of adrenaline , in a heart-pounding rush . Trouble is , the chemical high does n't last .
For the first time ever , a movie has actually done it . `` Hardcore Henry '' has precisely replicated the experience of watching someone else play a video game .
Their collective trip to hell is death tourism for the viewer ; its sole , genuine feeling the one of relief that comes when it 's over .
A dim beacon in the darkening night of action features , signaling a path to plot-free oblivion .
Its dour eccentricity gives Hardcore Henry a potency above and beyond that of standard-issue show-off action fare . That does n't mean it 's not still obnoxious , though .
Hardcore Henry is a ` first-person movie , ' as in , ` Let me be the first person to tell you how bad this movie is . '
Hardcore Henry surpasses its base gimmick to become one of the most inventive and stylish action films in recent memory .
a failed experiment in style that 's also devoid of substance
The POV gimmickry of Ilya Naishuller 's debut quickly wears thin .
A tiresome orgy of blood and bombast ... an excruciating , exhausting ninety minutes of virtually non-stop slaughter , sex and sadism .
When the action is at its sharpest , such as with Henry 's mid-chase leap from a detonating truck onto the back of a motorcycle , it 's spectacular . Other times , it can be as wearying as generically hyper-edited Hollywood fare .
The most unabashedly videogame-ish movie in cinematic history , Hardcore Henry is a bold act of mimicry , a gimmicky stunt and a faithful adaptation of gaming 's form and content .
It 's all about the ride , the relentless wallop and whoosh . But , hey , sometimes that 's all a cine-junkie needs for a fix .
It might give some a hard-core headache , but Hardcore Henry is an ultra-violent blast of fresh air .
Hardcore Henry would have you weeping for the terminal decline of culture and society if it were n't so much fun , or so deceptively thoughtful .
The story exists mainly to provide reason and shape for the frenzy of carnage : constant , numbing , and in the film 's view at least , occasionally funny .
By the end you might forget that you just watched an entire stunt movie through someone else 's eyes and run home for a cold shower .
More like Headache-Inducing Henry .
While its audacity is laudable , the film ultimately has all the thrill of watching someone else play a first-person-shooter video game .
This creatively inclined endeavour thrives off its gimmick , but it 's one that grows tedious as we progress .
`` Hardcore Henry '' is like a good roller-coaster in that it does not require a complex reason to be : it 's there , it 's fun , you ride it , and that 's about it .
Soulless and headache inducing
Hardcore Henry never aspires to rise above its one gimmick .
The major downside of Ilya Naishuller 's debut feature is that while it looks like a video game , it also apes the worst qualities of the gaming experience .
Merciless but entertainingly auspicious , `` Hardcore Henry '' is what it is and makes no apologies . Adrenaline junkies not prone to motion sickness , take note .
The screen equivalent of Red Bull : all energy , little substance .
You could go see `` Hardcore Henry '' - or you could gulp down a pint of vodka , load in `` Grand Theft Auto , '' then strap the TV to your face and throw yourself down the stairs .
Future film students may study `` Hardcore Henry '' to analyze its groundbreaking use of P.O.V. to add intensity and novelty to action movies . But hopefully they 'll be able to say that better directors took the innovation and actually did something with it .
The relentless action rapidly becomes exhausting , while the often sickening violence is regularly made even more unpleasant by the film 's casual misogyny
Our aesthetic perception is linked to our perception of Henry himself , so that the film becomes a study of empathy through aesthetics .
Hardcore Henry is seen from the first person perspective , an interesting gimmick if the experience was n't so jarring or if the plot made sense at all .
A jolt to the system ... that is sure to prove seminal in its own right for the way it makes its audience a plaything .
If you 're ready to subject yourself to the most balls-out , bonkers action ride of the year , then you are precisely the maniac for whom the flashy , gory first-person action-thriller Hardcore Henry was made .
As a film , it 's pretty thin , but it is an often remarkable technical exercise with just enough narrative invention to justify itself as more than a demo reel .
The technique is groundbreaking .
Two parts FPS , one part platformer and a pinch of HowToBasic , director Ilya Naishuller 's Hardcore Henry is a recipe for non-stop , ludicrous fun .
The film is not all smash-em-up testosterone , adrenaline and bloodshed . Its viscera is comic-like camp .
Hardcore Henry will leave even the most enthusiastic action fans breathless , beaten and begging for more .
A paean to video games and what they do well , and a grand experiment in what action films can do but have n't been .
Billed as the first-ever action movie filmed entirely from the hero 's first-person viewpoint , Hardcore blasts along like a supercharged computer-game shoot-em-up , bursting with sick humor and splatterpunk violence .
While perhaps not presented in a stylistic manner friendly to most Vulgar Auteurists , the film manages to pull off a hat-trick of comparisons to the movement 's deities .
Only the tiniest , most basic elements of character , backstory and even narrative are offered on the run in a movie whose 95 % frantic-action composition has no need or breathing space for more .
There 's an energy and an insanity to the filmmaking here that I found infectious and even admirable .
Hardcore delivers creative action sequence after action sequence , and it 's almost as fun to think about how they managed to choreograph and shoot the battles and chase scenes as it is to suspend your disbelief and go along for the ride .
For folks who are too lazy to play their own video games , there 's the movie Hardcore .
Very little substance but the execution is superb .
A decidedly erratic yet sporadically engrossing cinematic experiment ...
The most shocking part of the whole film is n't that it 's heart-poundingly intense -LRB- it is -RRB- or that it feels new and inventive -LRB- it does that too -RRB- , but that it 's at times pretty damn witty with some terrific story beats -LRB- no , really -RRB- .

@highlight

Hardcore Henry seems poised to reinvent the action flick , but without a story or characters worth caring about , its first-person gimmick quickly loses its thrill .