... urgent , even necessary ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's remarkable how Gibney packs complex , jargon-heavy ideas into a neat package .
Alex Gibney 's powerful documentary looks closely at some recent examples of malware designed to wreak havoc worldwide .
Zero Days is more than just , as a source puts it , `` a cool spy story '' . It is also a cautionary tale of the dangers of secrecy and a clarion call for an honest discussion on cyber weapons and their lethal potential .
Fascinating and horrifying . A gripping detective story and an impassioned call for public debate over terrifying weapons that have already been loosed .
The two-hour movie makes it disturbingly clear that our dependence on wired communication and integrated controls has left the whole planet vulnerable to countless manipulations .
Be very afraid .
A chilling expose of state-sponsored cyber warfare and the enemy within .
It 's a dense , demanding film , but Gibney 's Zero Days is an urgent warning , and an exceptional investigative documentary .
This documentary might be better titled Day Zero , because it features a doomsday scenario in which cyberwarfare shuts down the electricity grids and other networks of entire countries , using computer malware .
Gibney plays up the thriller elements of his story .
It 's open-ended , challenging , and may keep you awake at night . What better recommendation for outrage junkies ?
Gibney 's new cyber-war documentary brilliantly unpacks the story behind the Stuxnet virus , created by the CIA and US government to sabotage the Iran nuclear programme .
-LSB- Gibney 's -RSB- reveal is that one nation altered the -LSB- Stuxnet -RSB- code , which revealed it to other countries , which are now growing their unchecked cyber warfare capabilities .
Cyber warfare policy is clearly a very complex issue . Director Alex Gibney makes a convincing argument that it is time for this to be brought out into the open so it can be fully examined and discussed .
Provocative and unsettling documentary thriller on cyberwar .
The visual intelligence at work everywhere in Zero Days allows a picture necessarily built on talking heads and streams of code to be surprisingly beautiful .
... laying bare a hidden technological arms race ...
... becomes too dense with its historical context and geeky code talk , yet with regard to broader issues , the even-handed approach makes the impact more provocative .
... a prescient warning for the new world of conflict we are blundering into without so much as a flashlight .
An incredibly important documentary tracing the opening salvos of cyberwarfare which have been shrouded in secrecy .
Unnerving and likely to give viewers some bitter food for thought , Zero Days is Gibney 's most important work yet .
Zero Days makes clear that we 're already enmeshed in this terrifying new cyber-reality . And unfortunately for us all , we 'll need more than John McClane to help avert forthcoming global disaster .
StuxNet may have worked to slow down Iran 's nuclear ambitions , but it also opened up a Pandora 's Box of issues about how cyberwarfare is conducted , issues that ca n't be debated because of the terrifying secrecy around them .
For many viewers , this will be crucial viewing from the technological and military frontier .
While it lacks the pop fancies that made Going Clear : Scientology and the Prison of Belief such a success , Zero Days is Gibney 's best documentary in years .
Gibney is surely right in calling for open and informed debate about cyber warfare , but his own movie lacks transparency and persuasiveness . What a terrible moment for this director to go unclear .
Very illuminating , and has most of the strengths and weaknesses present throughout Gibney 's work -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Alex Gibney 's most thrilling , chilling and fulfilling film in years .
Flawlessly spins what could have been a tech-talk heavy bore into an enthralling espionage thriller
This is no dry position paper ; he paces ` Zero Days ' like a thriller , and a relentless one , throwing maps , graphics , context , and information at us with intensity and urgency .
Gibney 's movies are professional and solidly executed , informative if you go in underinformed but rarely surprising or aesthetically noteworthy .
Zero Days is ... under attack from little stylistic worms that threaten to turn an otherwise solid doc on the evil that 21st-century hackers do into a hack job .
Another piece of investigative-journalism cinema from Alex Gibney . Talky and too long , but also terrifying and gripping .
Since no terrorist group or nation state has ever claimed credit for Stuxnet , Gibney can only hypothesize about its origins , but he makes an alarmingly lucid -LRB- if circumstantial -RRB- case for the culpability of the United States and Israel .
Do n't be distracted by the ominous score , the layered displays of code , the juxtaposition of bursting balloon and mushrooming cloud ; that 's just -LRB- alarm -RRB- bells and whistles .
By necessity , far more questions than answers are raised in Zero Days . All of the questions and answers are troubling .
Easily the most important film anyone has released this year , it is a documentary that deserves to be seen by every sentient citizen of this country - and indeed the world .
A techno-horror story of the sort the late Michael Crichton might have come up with -- but here the horror is real , not speculative , and it 's still out there , lurking .
Though Stuxnet was introduced to the world in 2010 , in many ways `` Zero Days '' could not be more timely ...
The most terrifying movie you will see this year .
Director Alex Gibney does this vital material a disservice , giving it an air of deflated pomposity .
In documentary filmmaking , as in news writing , there is a fine line between irresponsible alarmism and dispassionate reportage . And Mr. Gibney has a proven record of tiptoeing to the edge without going too far .
Gibney delivers plenty to think about - and fear .
As critical as the message is in `` Zero Days , '' Gibney is just going through the motions here , with this feature adhering closely to his formula , becoming more of a lecture than a warning siren .
You 'll want to see `` Zero Days '' - just not when you 're counting on a good night 's sleep a few hours later .
The future is now , Gibney 's documentary persuasively argues , and what it holds for all of us is as scary to contemplate as it may be impossible to ward off .
An ideal movie for Internet conspiracy theorists displeased with the powers that be , though Gibney deserves credit for doing more than just fanning the flames of paranoia .
Still worried about old-school nuclear weapons ? Enter the 21st century , and prepare for some brand-new nightmares .
The Stuxnet story finally plays out like a twisty summer espionage thriller , with Gibney amping up that drama with sleek digital imagery and a foreboding musical score .
Alex Gibney sounds the alarm on cyber-warfare with this compelling , disturbing documentary that employs state-of-the-art graphics and innovative dramatic feints .
Fascinating film that does n't blemish Gibney 's peerless reputation as a cinematic truth-teller and dogged investigative journalist .
It 's a detective story . It 's a spy thriller . It 's a cautionary tale . And it 's true .
This is a world very few of us have familiarity with , which makes it all the more fascinating to learn about .
The film is a two-hour investment and the rewards are a handful of facts and ideas that could have been expressed in half that time . But those who want more detail will find it here .
Zero Days does n't offer any answers , or even hope -- how could it ? -- but at least it shines a light on a major , and majorly terrifying , issue .
Gibney compiles an extensive montage of apologetic non-answers to his questions ; after a while , it starts to seem a shame that another recent film already claimed Stonewall as a title .
-LSB- Gibney -RSB- takes up the strategies he 's used so skillfully in Taxi to the Dark Side ... These back-and-forths are fun and energetic , the stories they reveal at once transfixing , preposterous , and melodramatic .
Terrifying and essential ...
It is still chilling to hear that computer viruses can now cause `` real-world physical damage '' on a scale that experts would have laughed off as ` Hollywood-esque ' just a decade ago .
When you see a documentary as significant and as forcefully made as this , you wonder what you are doing watching any but the best dramas .
`` Zero Days '' may be an investigation of the 2010 malware worm known as Stuxnet , but it does a much broader and more important job : relating the airless , abstract concepts of cyber-terrorism and internet espionage to their real-world consequences .
-LSB- Gibney -RSB- handles this expansive , technically complex , and ethically abstract subject matter with remarkable cogency .
Another fine offering from this prolific filmmaker , who has n't shown any signs of slowing down . We certainly are n't complaining .
As with We Steal Secrets , his 2013 Edward Snowden doc , the secrecy of this topic gives Gibney a cool , throbbing , spy-thriller aesthetic to paint with , and he trots through everything he can tell us with typical , value-for-money intelligence .
Zero Days is an intriguing , disturbing watch .
Because it wants to be a primer on a serious subject , an exciting cinematic exposé and an argument for more openness and some kind of regulatory framework , the necessities of these different strands end up getting in each other 's way .
A must-see for anyone interested in how cybertech is changing politics ; even if a more cool-headed analysis would be welcome in this informationally cluttered film .
While most people were n't looking , America went and changed the rules of engagement , and with `` Zero Days , '' Gibney urgently suggests how little time the world has to clarify its stand before the wrong party goes too far .

@highlight

Factors beyond Gibney 's control prevent Zero Days from offering a comprehensive look at its subject , but the partial picture that emerges remains as frightening as it is impossible to ignore .