`` Feel-good movie of the year '' is rarely a label that applies to documentaries . Yet , the Oscar-nominated Undefeated , which follows one season of an impoverished inner-city Memphis high school football team , may turn out to be exactly that .
Undefeated is as magnificent as its subject .
I admit , I was not enthusiastic about reviewing another sports film , let alone football . Now I can say that I understand why people see football as a religion -- in a good way .
The true heart of the film is jovial , red-haired coach Bill . Not having had a father , he passionately gives every fiber of his soul to helping these African American boys , who are also missing fathers .
if you find yourself reaching for the Kleenex during the film 's final emotionally charged minutes , you most definitely wo n't be alone .
-LSB- E -RSB- xtraordinary in how it turns upside-down the typical feel-good , triumph-of-the-underdogs tropes of the subgenre ...
A reminder of the power of good in a world where most people get too caught up in superficial matters . A wonderful documentary that will point life 's purpose in the right direction .
Undefeated is far more interested in the resilience of the human spirit than one hundred yards of green turf .
Undefeated is all heart . Even those who could n't care less about American Football will find this an affecting story about a man who really gives one hell of a damn .
It 's an affecting and encouraging story .
Even if you have no interest in American football this is a compelling and inspirational story that brings a tear to the eye .
All eyes are on the ball , while the future screams from the sidelines .
Undefeated works the whole macho-sentimental template so vigorously and well it 's practically a reflexive response to cry foul , but you 'd have to find heroic reserves of cynicism not to care at all about the precarious fortunes of these unformed bruisers .
A watchable movie , no question . But perhaps best filed under guilty pleasures .
Can take its place proudly alongside the best in the genre .
Gripping , well made and genuinely inspirational documentary that packs a powerful emotional punch , even if some of the scenes seem suspiciously contrived for maximum tear-jerking purposes .
` Undefeated ' is no ` Hoop Dreams ' , but it 's sturdily built and worthwhile .
It may be a film that feels rather than analyses , but Undefeated is a compelling , uplifting experience that ca n't fail to move even the most US football-phobic .
This is a valuable story from what one interview subject aptly refers to as the ` have-nots ' of one of America 's richest sports .
As far as American Football flicks go , it 's the closest to touching the greatness of H.G. Bissinger 's tome Friday Night Lights and Michael Lewis ' The Blind Side .
Not only does the truth set one free but also acknowledging unpleasant realities sometimes makes the platitudes seem like more than something off a locker room poster .
Where the season takes them , and the entire team , is a satisfying mix of sports-movie uplift and heartbreaking realism .
In truth , the story that unfolds is better than the filmmakers ' sometimes overwrought attempts to frame it ...
With a story that proves to be heartwarming and predictable , Undefeated mostly plays according to the script familiar in its fiction and nonfiction counterparts .
Instead , they show the universality of what it is he 's trying to teach , how color does n't necessarily bar one from being able to connect with these boys on a fundamental level .
Even though the film relies on many of the clichés of the form , Undefeated is a masterfully crafted work that honestly scores a touchdown .
`` Undefeated '' does n't have a deep penetration of poverty and race in its playbook , but it does have enough heart to make substantial forward progress .
It 's a surprisingly moving , emotional film , even for those who -LRB- like me -RRB- know little of football ; by its end , you just might be blinking away a few tears .
Peers empathetically into a tiny world and opens it up for its audience , who , in turn , will surely open their hearts to it .
Combines the gritty reality of `` Hoop Dreams '' and the heart of `` Friday Night Lights , '' along with a dash of `` The Blind Side . ''
Volunteer high school coach Bill Courtney says , `` Football does n't build character . Football reveals character . '' The triumphant sports documentary `` Undefeated '' proves that it does both .
For all its good intentions , the film , like its main subject , is a tourist , earning trust as it earnestly captures the incredible struggles of these young men , but never digging deep enough to actually make the story theirs .
A touching documentary that offers a field-level portrait of male mentorship , compassion and unvarnished hope - all without a Hollywood ending .
-LSB- A -RSB- winning documentary .
It is a powerful reminder of the difference one person can make -- and of the consequences when no one is willing to make that difference .
What lifts ` Undefeated ' above other sports docs is the remarkable force of Bill Courtney 's personality .
-LSB- A -RSB- stirring , emotional portrait of a high school football team in the impoverished neighborhood of North Memphis , Tenn. .
It may call to mind The Blind Side or Remember the Titans , but there 's no Hollywood glitz in the blighted burg of Manassas .
It 's a bit too long and a bit too vague at times , but this is a film about dedication , progress and the bond of human effort . It just also happens to include football .
`` Undefeated '' needs less of what we know we 've seen -LRB- the football stuff -RRB- and more of the players ' and coaches ' lives , which even if we feel we 've seen , we have n't .
What makes this a terrific film is how much we care about the players .
I regret that we do n't meet more of Courtney 's players , but that might have required a miniseries rather than a movie . And `` Undefeated '' makes sure the coach who is its central figure is more complex and fascinating than most fictional movie characters .
... an inspirational and often touching film that lets us get to know a dedicated coach who has faith in his players and delivers what he promises -LRB- almost -RRB- .
This is a film that does n't cater only to the traditional football fan .
Courtney really does believe all that stuff about adversity and character , and the film is moving for its modest tale of boys learning to act like men .
In introducing us to -LSB- Coach -RSB- Courtney ... Undefeated finds its voice
Just like a well-fought playoff win , it 'll leave you a little misty-eyed .
This is one of the best sports documentaries of the last few years and while I do n't think it should have won in a VERY good year for non-fiction film , I 'm really not upset at all that it did .
Finds the warmth and vulnerability that is sometimes hard for outsiders to see beneath the rough , damaged exterior of the impoverished Memphis neighborhood where much of the action takes place .
The hardened inner-city kids here are far more authentic than anything Hollywood can offer , and as a result the film has a raw emotional weight that commercial features rarely achieve .
Undefeated does more to draw a straight line between the desire to win -LRB- as opposed to actually winning -RRB- and the character of a man than a thousand locker room pep talks .
This film is distinctly minor league . But it does provide the thumbs-up emotional lift of a bumper-sticker message on game day .
This year 's Oscar winner for Best Documentary Feature seems almost too good to be true ... but that 's what makes it so effective .
It 's a credit to directors Daniel Lindsay and T.J. Daniels that the personal stories of the kids and coaches resonate more than the wins and losses .
Undefeated is undeniably inspirational stuff .
Has a huge heart . There wo n't be a dry eye in the crowd .
For the most part admirably chooses honest documentation over emotional manipulation .
`` Undefeated '' is an emotional and effective film , and I 'm happy for it .
a remarkable documentary about the power of commitment and resolve
Should be required viewing of anyone who is committed to becoming a teen athlete -- or a coach of one .
If you can get through this movie dry-eyed , you are made of sterner stuff than I .
This emotional love letter from a coach to his team follows a downtrodden Memphis high school football team through a tumultuous season which tests the patience of the coach and the tenacity of the players .
A compelling documentary chronicling not just football exploits but a few bona fide cases of quality character revealed .
Forget about `` Blind Side '' . This is the real deal , a stirring documentary about high school football that will move you to tears .
I wanted it blow my mind , to flatten me . Demanding , I know .
I wish the directors had emphasized more of the players ' personal lives apart from the football field . But , in the end , this is a documentary about Courtney and the transformative powers of caring . He works wonders on his players and they reciprocate .
Inspiring football documentary about the power of teamwork .
It does n't take long before Undefeated finds an intimate perspective , showing interest in the nuances of personality , making the film more than just a collection of touchdown miracles .
There are interesting edges and unexpected sides to `` Undefeated '' beginning with that title - because , not long after we 've settled in , we watch the team lose its very first game .
If the film had something to say about football as football instead of football as life , I 'd be interested . It does n't .
Transforms the story of a struggling high-school football team into a deeply moving portrait of teens learning , for the first time , that they 're capable of greatness .
While `` Undefeated '' travels well-tilled inspirational ground , it 's also an irresistible story of football , faith and the lust for happily-ever-after black-and-white endings .
Inspirational sports stories are hardly cinema rarities , but this documentary ... is a good example of the genre , made better by the fact that it 's true rather than ramped-up fiction .
Undefeated chronicles a championship season but covers turf that extends miles beyond the football field .
`` Undefeated '' presents itself as a look at a single season in the life of a striving high school football team in impoverished North Memphis , Tenn. , but really it 's about so much more .
The ultimate praise given to sports movies is always , `` Even if you do n't care about sport X , you 'll care about these characters , '' and that 's certainly true of Undefeated -LRB- I do n't , and I did -RRB- .
It 's about inspiring those without inspiration . Instead of a mere worst to first , Undefeated is just that -- the best .
It 's the kind of story that will stir the heartstrings , and even , quite possibly , those of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences .
Made with equal parts style and compassion , this is one of the best docs you 're likely to see this year , football fan or not .
A `` Hoop Dreams '' - style story about sports and society that inspired me and made me mad in about equal portions .
If life is getting you down , an inspirational sports flick is always the right choice . And it 's even better if you can find a documentary like the heartwarming `` Undefeated . ''
-LSB- It examines -RSB- issues of class and race through the lens of its ragtag athletics program while also reinforcing American mythos of bootstrapping , hard work and community . Its triumphs are bittersweet , but they 're irresistible .
Undefeated may be familiar . But it is an unscripted , unadulterated score .
In the abstract , it sounds like the outline for Hollywood 's next glossy hit ; in its particulars , it 's a moving treatment of a team whose fiercest opponent is despair .
The agony of defeat in this movie is every bit as transporting as the thrill of victory .
Bring tissues . You 've been warned . And you do n't even have to be a sports fan to be moved .
Courtney and his crew all seem like nice people , but if there 's an unironic audience for this kind of romantic jock-cup fondling , I 'm not interested in knowing it .
It 's diving deeply into knotty matters of patience and parenting , along with plenty of unfixables as well .
... this story is a familiar one , but it is superbly told , and there 's more than a little Memphis funk in the storytelling ... to make this filmmaking stand out .
Enjoyably upbeat and intelligently inspiring .
It 's an example of those who have helping those who do n't and everybody winning . That 's not socialism ; it 's just the social contract .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- It 's tempting to wax poetic about the energetic 2009 season we witness the Manassas Tigers play through , but the meat of the story comes down to three players .
An inspiring documentary about a caring coach of a losing inner-city football team .
Awards recognition should only boost the coffers of a doc that features echoes of the popular , based-on-a-true-story gridiron movies The Blind Side and Friday Night Lights .
Makes a substantial emotional impact whenever coach Bill Courtney and his powerful words dominate a particular scene .
At its best , Undefeated is a Hail Mary TD pass . Other times , it 's a routine punt . Undefeated is an anthem of decency and empathy . It 's also about living on the edge - of society and life .
Documentarians Dan Lindsay and T.J. Martin have created a Friday Night Lights for a new decade .
A familiar inspirational sports documentary .
A stirring , finely crafted human-interest story about underprivileged lives touched by the rewards of shared experience .


@highlight

It covers familiar sports documentary territory , but Undefeated proves there are still powerful stories to be told on the high school gridiron .