An unappealing big city neo-noir film .
Shelved for over a year , this incompetent mystery thriller stops periodically so some character or other can deliver an expository speech and pull the plot back on track , but by the end the story has turned into a hair ball .
A slow death .
The screenplay is riddled with so many problems , clichés , cheats , and borrowed ideas that the movie never takes off on a story level .
Barely flickers as a far-fetched urban tale of chameleon-like characters .
... the story is intriguing enough to hold our interest through all the film noir pretensions ...
When a movie has been sitting around since 2003 , why would n't you just throw it at the DVD shelf rather than subjecting big-screen audiences to it ?
A strange , sprained , but sprightly fusion of The Usual Suspects and the Tragic Mulatto , Slow Burn wants badly to turn its standard neo-noir into a nuanced racial chiaroscuro .
Easy to understand why Slow Burn sat on the shelf for four years , but harder to understand why it did n't go straight to DVD or Showtime late night .
One wonders why Slow Burn was n't just dumped completely .
Slow Burn tries to be smolder , but ultimately there 's no heat .
The theme of racial confusion that attempts to underlie this would-be noirish murder mystery becomes just one more unintentionally hilarious aspect ...
Deficiencies aside , Slow Burn is almost worth seeing .
If you have not figured out the identity of Luden by the finale , it will only be because you do not care .
The bigger problem is that for all the plot turns and reversals and flashes of action that Beach has structured into his film , there 's an elusive extra something that 's missing .
John Grisham meets The Usual Suspects by way of late-night Cinemax in this derivative thriller .
Writer-director Wayne Beach figures if you liked Bryan Singer and Christopher McQuarrie 's big climactic reversal , you 'll love four of them in a row !
Nothing is what it seems -- unless it seems cheesy .
A lesson in how not to make a multiple-viewpoint mystery .
Its cavalcade of ` twists ' in the last 20 minutes come off the conveyor belt so quickly and haphazardly that they all wind up in a big pile on the floor , waiting to be snorted at by incredulous viewers .
It 's not a brilliant movie . It 's certainly not worth canceling any appointments to catch at the theater . But it 's more than worth a quick look on cable , or even an impulsive rental .
Slow Burn is a wooden police thriller that is as dull as it is impenetrable and ultimately beyond ludicrous .
The title is half-right : the picture moves at a glacial pace -LRB- which allows all its absurdities to stand in clear relief -RRB- , but it generates no heat .
Teeming with lurid atmosphere , Slow Burn touches on mutual stalking , inner city gangsta capitalism , and detonation of a ghetto as part of a lucrative urban removal gentrification scheme concocted by the city elite .
Has direct-to-video etched all over it .
Beach 's storytelling tactics , much like the film as a whole , would simply be annoying if they were n't also borderline insulting .
No one and nothing can be taken at face value in Beach 's twisty tale of secrets and lies , which buries its very interesting idea in a welter of ludicrous dialogue and skin-flick imagery .
A derivative mess .
As tiresome as it is beholden to a dozen -LRB- much better -RRB- crime stories .
The plot - at once convoluted and transparent - seems little more than a frame upon which a series of soft focus sex scenes might be hung .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Beach slams open the trap doors of false and real identity with such a frenzy that , even at the end , you 're not sure who 's who and what they did to whom . It 's sloppy fun to watch while you 're in the theater .
LL Cool J 's ambition to make it sound as if he 's `` doin ' it '' with every syllable that comes out of his mouth works to campily put the fire out on the film 's offensive pretense to race consciousness .
While Slow Burn does admittedly pick up towards the end - as the film morphs into a flat-out ripoff of The Usual Suspects - there 's virtually nothing in the first hour that even comes close to holding the viewer 's interest .
The millisecond its all over you 'll be wondering if the ink has dried on the court papers filed by Bryan Singer and Christopher McQuarrie .

@highlight

With wooden acting and hammy , overheated dialogue , Slow Burn is n't so much a noir as it is a mediocre parody of one .