A bit Alexander Payne social satire , a bit Mike Judge 's `` Office Space , '' `` The Promotion '' keeps the laughter mostly low-key while addressing deflating truths about occupational angst - writer/director Steve Conrad 's sturdy thematic stock-in-trade .
Sort of a Dilbert riff , only lower on the food chain .
The Promotion does sacrifice some comedy in its attempt at depth .
The Promotion may not be much , and you get to know that supermarket uncomfortably well by the end of the 85 minutes . But as I say : He 's an interesting writer .
By taking the time to make that connection with the audience , The Promotion ensures we 'll forgive these guys anything -- and laugh along with them -- in their quest to advance their lots .
A nice little comedy about what it takes to climb the corporate ladder and the toll such actions take on the psyche of a decent individual .
... an odd yet compelling comedy ...
A work-retreat sequence is hilarious , thanks to a scene-stealing supporting bit from Jason Bateman . And Reilly 's convincing portrayal of the somewhat self-destructive Richard does make the whole thing watchable .
Two things are missing in this debut directing effort from writer Steve Conrad - a sufficient number of jokes and anybody worth rooting for .
... sharp and intelligent ...
Easily one of the freshest , funniest comedies of the year .
The Promotion works as a comedy because , in the depths of our dark hearts , we enjoy seeing the woes that beset our comic antagonists .
The Promotion is generally harmless but boring .
Fails as a comedy because it 's less funny and interesting than it would be to watch stars Seann William Scott and John C. Reilly sitting in lawn chairs and talking for 90 minutes .
Fizzles as a comedy and as an exploration of the stresses of work .
This is one of the more original movies of the year , and it 's the rare film that 's primarily about the workplace .
bills itself as a comedy , and elements of it do fall into that category , but at its core , this is an incisive and often merciless deconstruction of the American Dream
Tone and pace are absolutely crucial to comedy . If the tone is wrong or the pace is off - by even a hair - the comedy will shrivel up and die . And that 's precisely what happens in The Promotion .
Two regular Joes square off in The Promotion , a sly comedy that finds fresh humor in the workplace .
The Promotion tries for the dry , low-key vibe of Election , but its humor is not so much dry as evaporated .
The directorial debut of Pursuit of Happyness writer Steve Conrad , The Promotion carries a deadpan corporate-absurd whiff of Office Space but never quite scans .
Screenwriter Steve Conrad 's -LRB- The Pursuit of Happyness -RRB- directorial debut is too strait-laced for the Knocked Up set and too offensive for the Will Smith crowd .
The strangely paced drama/comedy never finds much of a groove . Elements of conventional madcap comedy butt against more indie-ready scenes of relationship dysfunction , and the end result is more frustrating than interesting .
Reilly and Scott richly mine their characters , alternately confiding in and undermining each other . Their vulnerability and yearning for the good life is a quiet but powerful statement that will stay with you long after the closing credits .
The Promotion has more work-life truth in it than a month of The Office or Dilbert .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Conrad seems to have used whatever clout he got from The Pursuit of Happyness to fund something personal and sincere -- a story that 's ultimately about victories of character and suppressing your worst impulses .
As bad as a severe case of the Mondays .
The acting , not Steve Conrad 's bland writing and uneven pacing , drives this low-key , mildly amusing , occasionally insightful workplace satire .
Total and forgettable and unforgivable blandness .
The Promotion skates out onto that thin ice of comedic subtlety . Like its characters , it 's not terribly successful , but it 's an admirable effort all the same .
A nasty-hearted little film , and in absolutely the worst way for a film to be nasty : it is absolutely convinced of its own warm spirit .
The Promotion uses the structure of a workplace comedy to pose gentle moral and ethical questions about treating people right -LRB- or wrong -RRB- , about honor and ambition , truth-telling and back-stabbing .
The portrayal of employment in America is too close for comfort . Or comedy ... Not the stuff of lighthearted summer comedy .
Director Steve Conrad probably counts on the natural likability of Scott and Reilly to make this comedy go down a little easier , but it does n't always do the trick .
As a subtle expression of masculine angst , it 's the timid flipside of Fight Club . As a gentle critique of the American dream 's descent into empty consumerism , it 's a less cutesy , less feminist Little Miss Sunshine .
So laid-back that it barely registers , despite starring two guys who have n't exactly been shrinking violets in previous outings .
better than the usual in so many ways
`` The Promotion '' needs some career counseling to figure out just what it really wants to be .
A confident and clever character study about the commonality of dreams from the boardroom to the bag boy .
This notable , Chicago-filmed comedy was inspired by the true events of director Steve Conrad seeing a store employee at a Chicago chain armed only with a yellow courtesy vest break up some unruly loiterers in the parking lot .
The Promotion edges toward some pretty bleak stuff . Then it steps back and laughs , like an office slacker .
Here 's a weird little comedy ... Kind of like Clerks in a bigger store , or at least a funny version of Employee of the Month .
Steve Conrad 's wry debut takes place in an urban Chicago grocery store , in which an intimate epic of manhood unfolds .
A smart , understated comedy about two assistant supermarket managers making a bid for the one big promotion they both desperately need .
There 's something appealingly modest about The Promotion . It 's a sweet , human movie .
It 's a little pat and shallow .
Easily the worst movie I 've seen so far this year .
There 's still a lot to like here , but ultimately the movie reflects its hapless hero a little too well . While we 're constantly rooting for it to succeed , the finish line seems forever out of reach .
Conrad has the humanity part down . Even if his little film is something of a mess , that counts for something .
Is n't as broad as its premise might suggest .
It 's one of those off-balance movies that seems searching for the right tone .
Think of it as a polite , tightly muzzled Clerks .
Although pacing and rhythm of some scenes are wildly uneven , this is a respectable debut behind the camera and a smart independent comedy that needs strong marketing to find the kind of savvy audience willing to give this odd duck a fighting chance .
Fueled by a sense of economic desperation that 's all too familiar , The Promotion may wind up being the funniest , timeliest comedy of 2008 .
By going easy on everyone , -LSB- director Conrad -RSB- turns what could have been a searing satire into a lukewarm comedy .
The film is so restrained and deadpan that it barely seems alive
If you think latent racism is just plain hysterical .
Not much here is funny , the Chicago locations are drab , and the characters , as ordinary as they are , never develop into anything more than premise props .
Despite its gimmicky-sounding premise , The Promotion is , like most of Conrad 's work , less concerned with matters of winning or losing than with man 's sometimes noble , sometimes deplorable , often futile attempts to distinguish himself from the herd .
Mature satire has unexpected brains and heart .
At last , we have a completely and profoundly American movie with all the classical skills of timing , editing and character development that we associate nostalgically with some Hollywood golden age .
Not that there are n't some great laughs , but this is far from the laugh-a-minute yuck-fest some might expect .
Muted bits of slapstick and verbal insults arrive with more clunkers than zingers , but the performances are adequate and the tone sincere .
Saying The Promotion 's tone is all wrong would imply that it had a tone to begin with .
The Promotion , beyond what 's a deeper screenplay than some may give it credit for , is consistently funny in a build-up-and-release way that , much like The Weather Man , supplements those one-liners with uncomfortable behavior and a comedy of manners .
Does n't match the brilliance of Mike Judge 's ` Office Space ' but has enough amusing moments to merit your look .
A fantastic little comedy , filled with all sorts of weird moments , funny quips , colorful characters , and strange diversions .
I predict that when this film is released , lots of critics who miss the point will complain about its muted tone . Scott and Reilly actually underplay the comedy to great effect .
Formulaic structure , inconsistent tone , and underwritten roles overshadow the few merits in the feature directorial debut of Conrad , who made a stronger impression as the writer of The Weather Man .
Precise , clever , wonderfully strange , and so funny it hurts , it is simply the best studio comedy since The 40-Year Old Virgin .
The Promotion is n't very original but it is , more often than not , funny .
the entire enterprise has fallen short of its muddled ambitions .
Add watching The Promotion to the Geneva Conventions ' list of humanitarian abuses .





@highlight

With a workplace-related theme worthy of satire , The Promotion features some sharp witticisms but ultimately disappoints .