The process of creating a painting is n't as automatically intertesting as , say , that of making a film , but ... the technical and artistic inspirations that fuel an artist can sometimes be as fascinating as the finished work .
Despite intending to expand upon Steadman 's output and impact , the documentary boils the importance of his oeuvre down to the obvious .
It 's satisfying that the film exists , as an overdue tribute to an artist who can be appreciated even by those with limited patience for Thompson 's posturing prose .
Steadman 's illustrations could burst with baroque details , but one thing you would never call them is `` busy . '' They had a focus , a mission , that `` For No Good Reason '' often lacks .
-LSB- For No Good Reason -RSB- paints a strong portrait of the illustrator through archival footage , photography , and long discussions with Steadman about his artistic process .
A film for admirers of artist Ralph Steadman , people whose politics align with Steadman 's politics and the most devoted followers of Steadman 's celebrity fan , Johnny Depp .
It 's most compelling when the focus is on Steadman , allowing him to describe his feelings about fame and his artistic process - or perhaps more accurately , the method to his madness .
The movie always circles back to Thompson , as if Steadman were a tetherball attached to the writer . In this way , Paul does n't quite justify the need for a feature film about his subject -LRB- as opposed to , say , a profile segment on '60 Minutes ' -RRB- .
Though friendly and humorous in his jaunty nautical cap , Steadman seems reluctant to give much away about his private life . Fortunately his work - scabrous , anarchic and utterly merciless - more than speaks for itself .
Instead of embracing the chaotic discovery that Steadman personifies , the film ends up being merely a paint-by-numbers .
Paul 's frenetic assemblage strives in vain for the cinematic equivalent of Steadman 's splotchy urgency .
The film has some slow spots ; at times , it reaches pretention , but overall it is an interesting portrait of a contradictory individual who is proud of his work , yet questions whether or not it had any impact on the world .
Meet Ralph Steadman and his nightmare visions of a world in pain , revealed in a mesmerizing documentary .
For 89 madcap minutes , Paul and interviewer Johnny Depp conduct a surface-level whistle-stop tour of the artist 's life , never once outstaying our curiosity .
The artist often does n't even get to take center stage in his own movie .
Even if we do n't quite get to know the man , the visionary violence of Steadman 's acid pen emerges to vivid effect , partly though Kevin Richards 's animations , and despite Depp 's sometimes over-eager respect .
-LSB- A -RSB- low-key , workmanlike documentary .
Paul struggles to contain Steadman 's profligate energies in 90 minutes , and the waning presence of Johnny Depp , loitering between poor career choices to pull on a cigarillo and point at pictures , ca n't give it shape .
The film makes it clear that not only was Steadman perfect for Thompson 's work -LRB- and a big part of his success -RRB- , his work stands on its own artistically .
Giving an overlooked luminary his due is reason enough for `` For No Good Reason . ''
A mewling yet occasionally deafening - and seemingly arbitrary - soundtrack overflowing with upstart folk-rock nobodies adds little to the experience .
As wonderful as it is to watch the man work , and to review many of the startling images he created over the years , the film has its dead spots .
This is most worthwhile for its scenes of Steadman at work , flinging ink all over the place and turning the splatter marks into his signature grotesques .
You can almost feel Depp restraining himself from saying `` Tell me more about Hunter , '' again and again , but his enthusiasm and appreciation are real , and that 's a pretty good reason for this movie to exist .
Engaging but uneven documentary ... burdened by material that seems extraneous , not least much of the footage of Depp .
Steadman emerges as a man with a unique vision . Too bad we did n't get to know him a little better .
For No Good Reason sidelines Steadman 's own bona fides , functioning primarily as a second-hand documentary of Thompson , stoking the hagiography of the late hipster icon .
Though we do n't get to know Steadman the man all that well -LRB- rough time at boarding school , and yes , he has a wife and a dog -RRB- , we do get to know his art .
An interesting look at the work of Steadman , whose grotesque , ink-splattered art provided the ideal complement to Thompson 's gonzo writing .
Lovingly detailed with animated and archival imagery .
Portrait of the artist as a young -LRB- and old -RRB- gonzo .
Charlie Paul 's `` For No Good Reason '' is n't content to be a mere documentary about British artist Ralph Steadman . It aspires to be a work of art about an artist .
There are many gems of earned wisdom , both spoken and demonstrated through the prowess of the man 's process in conjuring his righteous satires , including `` There 's no such thing as a mistake , it 's just an excuse to do something else . ''
A rewarding way to kill an afternoon with a lovable eccentric .
There 's no more exciting effect in the documentary than the look of pure pleasure on Depp 's face as he stands by Steadman 's drawing table , peeking over his shoulder as he attacks a sheet of paper .
A savage journey into the heart of the artist 's dream to change the world by making his mark .
... even if you 've never heard of Ralph Steadman and have never read anything by Hunter S. Thompson , this is still an interesting film . Be Warned , though , Depp adds nothing to the film , only following Steadman around like an adoring lapdog .
The doc will certainly make you want to find a book of Steadman 's work , and perhaps even read some of Thompson 's writing again . But doing either of those things feels like a better way to experience true gonzo-ness than this movie .
The doc embraces the strong rebellious streak that has defined Ralph Steadman 's work .
The most rewarding parts of the film feature Steadman simply talking about his influences -LRB- Picasso , among others -RRB- and his youthful goal of changing the world through art .
Ultimately it 's a fan letter , full of more awe and loving than `` Fear and Loathing , '' and meant mostly for other admirers .
I learned more about Steadman than I had known , and was glad to do so .
`` For No Good Reason '' is less revealing than a standard hourlong television tribute might have been . We learn almost nothing about Mr. Steadman 's life , and too little about the non-Thompson-related aspects of his oeuvre .
Depp does a fine job of narrating unobtrusively , negotiating Steadman 's free-ranging musings and keeping them on track . Steadman is genial , witty and self-deprecating .
Ralph Steadman is one of the greatest , most underappreciated living artists , so it 's wonderful that this celebratory documentary has arrived . It also happens to be one of the finest docs ever made about an artist .
The salient , liveliest parts of For No Good Reason - the title comes from Thompson 's reply when Steadman once asked him , `` Why are we doing this ? '' - are to be found in the artist 's display of his work and recollections of the eccentrics he met .
For No Good Reason is an absolute mess from start to finish , a portrait of an artist that 's almost rendered redundant by his art
-LSB- It becomes -RSB- less interesting as it stretches to feature length , sometimes resembling a handsomely illustrated CV .
The result is a bit unwieldy , casting too wide a net to really plumb its subject 's depths , and defanging some of Steadman 's acid wit with an overly busy , hit-and-miss aesthetic approach .
When a documentary feels the urge to shout about its celebrity cast with a lengthy , elaborate opening-credits sequence , could it be making up for shortcomings elsewhere ?
For No Good Reason details the famed wild-man cartoonist 's career with a stylistic daring that does n't quite match its subject 's , but is nonetheless in keeping with his unconventional spirit .
There 's no questioning the love that Paul and his interview subjects feel about Steadman . But the movie 's problem is n't a dearth of adoration -- it 's a lack of focus .
Visually impressive but ultimately unrevealing .
Charlie Paul is n't content to let his stock footage and interviewees lead for him , driven as he is to `` make something out of a frame of mind , '' though to needlessly busy effect .
Nothing special , but enjoyable nonetheless .
The inventively shot and constructed documentary `` For No Good Reason '' is an absorbing look at the unique , surreal work of British cartoonist Ralph Steadman .
Rarely has a film 's title been so apt .
Paul 's decision to pepper the proceedings with animated stretches , which surely sounded good on paper , proves relatively disastrous ...
Ponderous and lofty but not without its laid-back charms and insights .

@highlight

For No Good Reason is a solid but surface-level look at gonzo artist Ralph Steadman 's artistry and eccentricities .