The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson leaves questions unanswered , and relaying just what that lack of closure feels like to those who have known a trans person whose death has remained unsolved is precisely the point .
The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson is an emotional journey , its true crime elements outweighed by the heavy stories of all the gay and trans activists that fought and died for the rights the community has today .
They also highlight Johnson 's own story , fleshing it out and colouring in some of the lines of her story .
... the filmmaker illuminates the social differences that prevent trans integration even within the LGBT movement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Compelling docu traces decades-old LGBTQ fight for justice .
A searing look at how American society treats the civil rights leaders who put their bodies and their freedom on the line for the greater good , this film stirs a fire for action .
Even with its flaws , the film is a worthy tribute and a reminder that the fight continues and the march goes on , built on the backs and sacrifices of people like Marsha P. Johnson .
Death is what leads the title and drives the movie . But it 's her life - vibrant , pioneering , and much too short - that gives Marsha its flamboyant , beautiful heart .
In the end , `` The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson '' never really offers the closure that it is looking for so determinedly - but then , closure is kind of a myth , anyway .
The movie reminds the viewer how far we 've come , but also how far we have yet to go .
Works powerfully as a rallying cry for tolerance , love and understanding .
Along the way , a sobering history of the gay rights movement is rendered through the lens of long-suffering transgender activists .
At his best , David France mimics Werner Herzog , with one sequence in particular , a private viewing of Johnson 's autopsy photos , echoing `` Grizzly Man . ''
If Marsha P. fades from the film -LRB- there is not enough great footage of her , I guess , although enough to suggest she could be irresistible -RRB- , the sense of vulnerability she projects permeates the rest of the movie .
Though this film does n't give definitive answers on what happened to Ms. Johnson , it keeps her memory alive . That itself is a victory over indifference .
It 's a bittersweet film : for every strong figure willing to put their life on the line for a bigger cause , there 's another who 's been beaten or murdered as a direct result for displaying such braveness .
... a disjointed but essential documentary about two transgender drag queens who were instrumental in the Stonewall Riots of 1969 .
Even if The Death And Life Of Marsha P. Johnson does n't wholly deliver on its premise , France does a remarkable job of finding the continuity between New York in the '70s , '90s , and now .
It passionately covers a number of important issues without quite unifying them into a coherent whole .
At times the narrative feels scattered , but this is heartbreaking , powerful and pressing , and an urgent must-see .
By communing with a troubled past , The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson shows just how much it lives with us today .
It masterfully weaves together past and present , not only telling the story we 've come to see , but the larger one besides .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- is a celebration of a leader whose importance is finally being recognized through a wider lens . But it 's also a rallying cry , a call for all of us to acknowledge , appreciate , and amplify the message of LGBT equality and liberation .
The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson is a devastating but stellar documentary that explores the life of the vibrant and vivacious LGBTQ rights icon .
A celebration of the courage shown by many in the LGBT community in the face of calamitous oppression and neglect , as well as a memorial for those who were lost in those fights for equality and basic human decency .
While the sense of closure that the film seeks to provide perhaps inevitably remains elusive , it covers another vital chapter in queer history , sadly still relevant in the ongoing frequency of violence against trans women .

@highlight

The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson uses its belated investigation into an activist 's murder as the framework for a sobering look at the ongoing battle for equal rights .