The good news is that this instalment is much better than the last . Unlike the Austin Powers films , the Ron Burgundy movies seem to improve with age .
Should 've been way funnier .
For all its faults , Anchorman 2 manages to hit its funny mark .
It 's older , fatter but as sublimely silly as ever , with ba-da-bing ! timing and a finale of celebrity cameo craziness .
For better or worse , Anchorman 2 is in its full glory when Ferrell goes off the rails and the film follows him into the swirl of blatantly idiotic randomness .
In their big , expensive , hyper-marketed Christmas studio movie , they 're doing the same kind of Fox-mocking that Jon Stewart does every night .
It all leads to a final showdown , after some ridiculous twists and turns , which is as hilarious as it is star-studded . It 's almost worth the two hours just to see who turns up .
It 's absolutely stuffed with jokes , its pointed criticism of the news media is a natural fit , and the cast is uniformly energized .
A worthy followup to the first film
The unscripted , off-the-cuff joshing between Ferrell and co-stars Paul Rudd , Steve Carell and David Koechner this time fails to come up with enough good jokes , though they do hit the occasional satirical bull 's eye .
I ca n't imagine fans will come away disappointed with the amount of laughs to be had here . Stay unclassy , Ron Burgundy .
It goes on a bit longer than it probably needs to , but the humor hits more than it misses , resulting in only a few sluggish places in a film that otherwise pays its audience 's desire to revel in nonstop absurdity with just a dash of genuine social satire
Anchorman 2-2 extracts , objectively , 20 percent more of a viewer 's lifespan than its fleeter ancestor did , and certainly it does not feel , subjectively , like 20 percent richer an experience .
Brevity is a friend to McKay , but as experimentations go , reworking known elements to manufacture a new perspective on all the monkey business , and the `` Super-Sized R-Rated Version '' remains a mirthful and mischievous vision .
Burgundy 's earnest manly stupidity is a sure-fire laugh-getter and while he 's off on his own a lot more this time around , his news team remains convincing both as his buddies and as different varieties of total idiots .
A hulking , Rob Ford-like movie ; a lazy , drunken-stupor mess . The non-comedy includes Burgundy telling his ex she 's ` like a mentally ill whore having PMS from the 1800s . ' Slapdash , flat , bloated -LRB- 119 min . -RRB- and gratingly full of its own white-power bulls ** t
Fittingly , it all climaxes with a cacophonous , cameo-filled brawl between anchor teams from increasingly esoteric cable-TV territories .
A distressingly underwhelming sequel ...
I laughed more than a few times , but for every joke that hits , there 's at least one that misses .
The movie works the borderland that connects the satirical and the surreal ; the humor is scattershot but sometimes laugh-out-loud hilarious .
Anchorman 2 is louder , sillier and vastly more absurd than its now cult predecessor , but it 's also longer , so when those less successful sequences miss the mark it feels like there are yawning chasms between laughs instead of beats .
I 'm actually surprised that a major film studio -LRB- Paramount -RRB- would thumb their nose so openly at the competition -LRB- Fox -RRB- . Good on them . They 've got balls .
` Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues ' is even cleverer and more outrageous than its predecessor .
McKay and Ferrell keep the jokes naughty not dirty and flying for shrapnel accuracy ; many miss , but when one hits it counts .
... has just enough curlicues of silliness .
All of the returning actors are funny and strong , with Rudd 's Brian Fantana a standout . New guest stars , including Kristen Wiig , James Marsden and Harrison Ford shine just as bright as the story 's regular cast members .
Ferrell and McKay were so determined to tell new Burgundy jokes that they did n't appear to care what they were about or whether they were any good .
A velvet suit , trim moustached , salon quality haired , barely solid sequel to a comedy classic .
Funny , messy sequel offers the best and the worst of movie comedy
It would have been nice to have seen more of the rest of the cast , particularly the other members of the news team , but Ferrell does a great job of carrying what ends up being a fairly lengthy main narrative .
Both series veterans and newcomers alike able to wring laughs from whatever whims Ferrell and McKay throw at them , and that 's ultimately the bottom line .
The ensemble seems to be having fun and there are some scattered belly laughs , but the truly inspired nuttiness that made the first Anchorman a cult hit is in short order .
While buffoonery rules the day , the movie 's slyest , sharpest joke is that the clownish Ron pioneered tabloid journalism by giving viewers , `` Not what they need , but what they want . '' It would be funny if it were n't so damn true .
The film strives for laughs but offering moments that are both random and bizarre . Most of them do n't work .
The movie got a big buildup ; it then provided a big letdown . Simple fact is the movie is not funny .
Good silly fun with Will Ferrell and Steve Carell .
Anchorman 2 , which McKay again directed and co-wrote with Ferrell , is honourable as far as sequels go , building on the memorable moments of its predecessor rather than simply recycling them .
Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues finds the pair in fine form , charging full-bore into their instantly recognisable brand of improvisational comedy that embraces elements of dada , surrealism and their specialty , scatological bons mots .
As funny and quotable as the original .
Woody Allen once joked that his wife had divorced him on the grounds of `` insufficient laughter '' , and on that same basis I find myself duly estranged from Ron Burgundy .
I 'm more than satisfied with `` Anchorman 2 '' , a film that is so stupid and so funny it made me hurt from laughing .
By the hymen of Olivia Newton-John ! A sequel that 's better than the original ? I do n't know how to put this , but that 's kind of a big deal .
`` Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues '' is another hilarious two hours in the world of the greatest news anchors comedy has to offer .
There 's no question that , despite all the low-brow anarchy , the film is driven by anger at what happened to TV news during the 1980s .
Patchy as often as its outright hilarious , fantastically outrageous just as frequently as its forgettable and flatlining , the sequel winds up a bit better than a second tier Ferrell outing .
With Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues , McKay , Ferrell and company make a compelling case for the sequel that takes its time .
Maybe McKay and his cast simply captured another bolt of lightning in Ron 's empty scotch bottle ; more likely , they were just as inspired this time around as they were during the first film . Regardless , they 've definitely kept it classy .
While I still enjoyed Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues , it is the Austin Powers : The Spy Who Shagged Me of the series .
Burgundy returns in irreverent sequel with innuendo galore .
Who wants to wait 110 minutes for the gags to pay off ?
Worth a watch despite occasional laugh-free stretches ...
Nine years was worth the wait , `` Anchorman 2 ″ is exceptional and outrageous fun !
`` Anchorman 2 '' is inconsistent . Many jokes are telegraphed or entirely fall short . Yet the bulls ' - eyes outnumber the misses .
Ron is back with more crazy adventures in a cheerfully hit-and-miss , guest star-packed romp .
I 've come to grudgingly respect the talent that he brings to making these creatures believable .
It 's been nearly 10 years since we first met Ron Burgundy , and this sequel is just as random and silly as expected .
Predictably silly and zany to be sure , and delivering occasional stabs of genuinely sharp satire , but for every belly laugh there are at least a dozen winces , and that 's not a satisfactory ratio .
Burgundy 's back , and fans of the original wo n't be disappointed : the madness is turned up to eleven and the whole cast are on form .
Like the first movie , the sequel squanders its promising satirical premise ... for gags that really have nothing to do with the situation or even the characters .
It 's perhaps easiest to simply say this - if you love Anchorman , you 'll love Anchorman 2 .
In that rarest of cinematic turns , the return of 1970s TV news anchor Ron Burgundy is a huge improvement on the surprise 2004 hit ... it has a lot more laughs , a much better story and even a point or two to make about the modern news business .
The whole thing goes down like a second , giant tumbler of scotchy scotch scotch : familiar , comforting and , ultimately , numbing .
At its best , McKay and Ferrell 's brand of homegrown American Dada can make you collapse laughing in your seat and cry uncle .
The scattershot plotting grows wearisome while some jokes are in such poor taste - `` laughs '' at the expense of Burgundy 's casual racism , for example - that you wonder what they were thinking .
It 's by no means a masterpiece , but stays reasonably classy .
The people around me in a public preview audience laughed often at the raunchy humour , but the plot keeps fragmenting .
I 'd suggest taking off your Ron-tinted glasses and accepting that the first film is n't flawless , and that this is n't likely to top it . From there , proceed to laugh your ass off .
Watchable sequel enlivened by strong comic performances from a talented cast , though it never quite hits the comic heights of the first film and slightly over-stays its welcome at two hours .
Wine connoisseurs would call this a new Burgundy with an old bouquet .
Anchorman Two : The Legend Continues has 20 minutes of Will Ferrell brilliance , and endless sections where the jokes go crude far too easily .
It 's still a fun second act , and all the more so for the wait .
This is the kind of movie where most people know what they want and are pretty sure what they will get , that being `` more of the same , please . ''
A comedy laden with the expected low-brow humor and stupid gags and some surprisingly savvy satire .
Too much of a good thing is n't always a good thing , especially if you do n't think the good thing was so good in the first place .
It 's a hit-and-miss operation , although when it hits -- as in a reprise of the original film 's rumble among competing news teams , but this time with a contingent that includes Canadian reporters who keep saying `` sorry '' -- it 's fun .
Ferrell and his mirthless band of comics have all bought into the idea that shouting a joke makes it better .
The jokes are more weird than funny , and Ferrell and Carell , never the most subtle of performers , labor to put them across by bellowing , howling , and screeching .
When Burgundy originally exclaimed `` Great Odin 's Raven , '' the novelty and absurdity of it caught us off guard . Now you can see the jokes coming from the end of the plush-carpeted hallways , and they land with a thud .
The second Anchorman movie will remind you how much you liked the first movie . Until , eventually , you forget .
Fans have been clamoring for a sequel to Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy for so long , Will Ferrell -LRB- and financier Paramount Pictures -RRB- finally decided to give the people what they wanted . The moral of the story ? Be careful what you wish for .
It 's worth pointing out that The Legend Continues does a fine job of skewering the current tsunami of televised-news overload .
It 's enjoyable enough at first , being back in Ron 's wild world , but Anchorman 2 quickly begins to feel like too much of yesterday 's news .
-LSB- It -RSB- does lack the freshness of Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , which is to be expected , but it 's remarkably consistent , clever and well-paced for such a long movie .
What is more radical in McKay 's work is his technique , which splinters the story until reality is overtaken by the phantoms of Burgundy 's disturbed unconscious-where he battles blindness , minotaurs , and the ghost of Stonewall Jackson .
Syly silly , subversively stupid - which is exactly what you 'd expect .
Anchorman 2 is bloated , overlong , and sometimes just downright odd . But as both a hymn to the original , and a bruising comic contender in in its own right , this is sequel that manages , against the odds , to stay classy .
The most important thing to know is that the legend is preserved and it 's only going to grow .
The artificial nature of the story is part of the point , of course , but there 's not a strong enough satirical streak here to keep it afloat .
Normally not a big Will Ferrell fan . This one , however , had me laughing . Out loud . A lot .
The movie can be enjoyed superficially . And it can be appreciated on a -LRB- slightly -RRB- deeper level . What more do you want ?
As overstuffed and muddled as the story may be , it 's still consistently funny .
Despite nearly a decade between installments , Anchorman 2 has managed to stay classy , and while the sequel does n't best the original , it satisfies as both a comedy and a long overdue homecoming .
I enjoyed maybe 8 of the thousand gags hurled at me in Anchorman 2 , and yet two hours of its Whac-a-Mole hyperactivity felt like a steep price . And if some films are clogged with cameos , this one has arteriosclerosis .
Anchorman 2 is not just a sequel . It is an astute satire and an amazing piece of next-level comedy . When it was over , my mouth was sore from laughing so hard .
It mostly works , even if it starts getting a bit flat during the second act .
It 's only about 72 % as funny as the first . Perhaps a disappointment for a flick that 's been gestating for nine years .
See it with a crowd , laugh yourself silly , and feel slightly ashamed in the morning .
Cartoonish , shambling , disjointed -LSB- and -RSB- as resolutely dumb as its characters .
At two hours , Anchorman 2 overstays its welcome by at least 20 minutes , if not longer .
When is a movie fall-down funny even when some scenes fall flat on their fat ones ? When it 's Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues .
Anchorman 2 is a fun but routine followup - one that could be disappointing to viewers expecting Ferrell to deliver a superior -LRB- or at least equivalent -RRB- quality sequel .
At a time when so many comedies try to push the boundary lines of raunchiness as far as they can , this one deals in another , much rarer , commodity : sheer silliness .
Considering the improvisatory talents - even genius - of Ferrell and his co-stars , it 's no surprise that laughs abound in `` Anchorman 2 '' ...
Can there be too much of a good thing ? Where did that expression come from , anyway ? If it 's good , is n't more always better ?
While it would have been nice to have seen a little more attention paid to the rest of the central cast , Ferrell does a fine job carrying most of the film 's considerable weight on his manly shoulders .
Flabby though it may be at times , this sequel delivers a steady stream of laughs and , more importantly , does n't diminish our goodwill for this bunch of idiots .
The narrative lapses into way-absurd vignettes akin to Saturday Night Live sketches that air at 12:55 AM .
Had me at ` Ride Like the Wind . ' But by ` Shilo , ' I was not so sure .
It 's a piñata at which Ferrell & Co. swing away wildly . They often miss their mark , but when they connect , out fall the laughs in great big bunches .
Even though it has more chuckles than roof-lifting laughs ... it wo n't tarnish Ron Burgundy 's reputation as one of the funnier movie nincompoops of the past decade .
Oh , it 's still crass , coarse , and as wildly uneven as the first film is . But this one is actually strangely intelligent and even pointed in its commentary . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
I do n't know anyone who has been clamoring for this film , except perhaps Will Ferrell 's accountants .
So anarchic and weird that it 's almost hard to believe a major movie studio is releasing it .
If Anchorman 2 seems hit-and-miss now , there 's a significant chance that it will get funnier over the long haul .
For almost every aspect of the movie I want to criticize , there is a corresponding defense .
`` Anchorman 2 ″ is worth seeing for the first time , but it 's not as good as seeing `` Anchorman '' for the sixth time .
It only sometimes builds to the peaks of lunacy that you want and need from this sort of picture .
As serviceable as the plot is , it 's the strafe-and-burn dialogue we 've come to hear , and this is a bit of a letdown .
A shipwreck in need of an anchor .
Many of the jokes fall flat , and pieces from the original , like Ron 's dog Baxter , are shoehorned into the sequel , simply because they played a part last time .
Of course , the plot is pretty much beside the point in a film like this one . What we want are jokes that are as comforting and familiar as the laugh track on a sitcom rerun .
It 's exciting to see how Will Ferrell and Adam McKay took all the good will they built up in the first movie and pushed it to the limits of sanity in search of laughs without playing it safe and stupid like so many comedy sequels .
Burgundy and his goofball buddies are faced with dramas and dilemmas that may seem arbitrary and contrived on paper but have an urgent puissance onscreen , as Ferrell and company act their little hearts out . OK , not really .
Only Adam Sandler makes movies that are less entertaining .
It follows a limp comedy sequel formula and its lone sincere effort to break that pattern is met with mixed success . It 's still - and this is the most important part - extremely funny .
Simultaneously honoring the spirit of the original while finding its own comic energy and satirical edge , `` Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues '' is a triumph , the rare comedy sequel that really , truly works , and easily one of the funniest films this year .
A funny movie , but it feels like Ferrell and the gang are inhibited by their own previous success and legend . He used to keep it classy .
As much as the fervent `` Anchorman '' supporters might have wanted a sequel , the redundant `` Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues '' sees to it that Ron Burgundy is kind of no longer a big deal .
When Anchorman 2 repeats gags or motifs from the original movie , it does n't feel like a rehash so much as a reunion with old friends .
There is something hilarious about a journalistic doofus like Ron Burgundy creating cable news . Ferrell & McKay are silly-smart . Not pointed satire but ridiculously funny .
Absurd , bewildering and yes ... still funny .
The good news it that it 's funny but while it goes bigger it does n't necessarily mean better
While I 'm glad `` Anchorman '' is back - we need a little levity in this year of heavy films - I do wish it were better .
-LSB- Writer/director -RSB- Adam McKay might be one of the strangest guys making mainstream comedy right now ...
For a film that goes out of its way to proselytise about the pratfalls of pandering to the audience 's expectations simply for the easy bucks , Anchorman 2 does just that .
Anchorman 2 is at times funnier than its predecessor , but it 's also wildly inconsistent , bouncing aimlessly between gut-busting hilarity and entire sequences that miss their mark .
The film 's half-hearted plea for responsibility and ethics in the news , after joyfully rolling around in its corruption for the majority of its runtime , smacks of plain pandering .
The movie cleverly spoofs the 24-hour TV news cycle , as well as sexism and racism in the workplace . Not every scene is equally funny , of course , but most of the comic antics generate laughs .
Beats the sophomore slump with just the right mix of stuff we want to see again and some surprisingly sharp satire about the current state of the news business .
Laughter is the best medicine , but `` Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues '' is a placebo .
The sheer density of the jokes guarantees a few laughs for every taste ... and the loose , improvisational energy of the performers keeps things lively .
A silly sequel to the 2004 Will Ferrell breakout comedy , this new chapter manages to make some smart satirical hay in the course of its stupidity .
Time will tell if this film is as quotable as its predecessor , but for now , Anchorman 2 coasts along quite successfully on sheer manic eccentricity .
It 's too self-aware , and does n't back up this winky-winky-hey-look-we 're - back-again with enough genuine laughs .
The movie lacks an effective comedic structure . There 's nothing to stop Ferrell and co-writer/director Adam McKay from wobbling across the fine line between stupid and clever like they 've had too much scotch .
I liked Anchorman 2 . And maybe in a couple of viewings I can shake off the disappointment that , while pretty good , this is not even close to being as good as the first film .
If the measure of any good comedy is quantity and quality of laughs , then Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues scores on both counts .
Sure , it 's not nearly as funny or quotable as the first film , its attempts at satire are notably flat , but it 's not afraid to get really , really weird .
Anchorman 2 is funny , sometimes very much so , and justifies the wait for a new adventure for cinema 's favorite newscaster .
There 's a lack of instant classic quotables , but given how ubiquitous ` Anchorman 1 ' lines are on t-shirts and at sports bars , that 's probably a good thing .
Anchorman 2 is frequently amusing , with your personal hilarity meter likely to rate it higher if you enjoy seeing beloved characters acting even goofier than before .
One of the funniest movies of the year , and in its own loony way , it 's a sharp , dead-on satire .
About the only gag that does n't get recycled in this saggy , would-be-satirical sequel is the one about Ron Burgundy 's love of scotch .
This movie is nuts . I just wish it had to courage to really go with it .
Maybe if I liked the first `` Anchorman '' a little less , I 'd like `` Anchorman 2 '' a little more . Still , I laughed .
It 's clear that the people who created the first `` Anchorman '' wanted to hang out on a set again together . That 's better than getting back together just to make money .
You know our news media is terrible when Ron Burgundy emerges as the voice of reason .
Anchorman 2 may not be the best film in the history of forever , but it presents itself like it is ... This is a film unafraid to stick a nipple into the maw of a writhing shark ... It is a legend that has continued .
`` Anchorman 2 '' is like watching `` Anchorman '' being re-enacted by semi-professionals trying to cover up their lapses by being extra-emphatic , super-doofy : 2013 Steve Carell does a lousy impression of 2004 Steve Carell .
If Ferrell and McKay reach into their comedic bag and pull out something funny , it goes into The Legend Continues ... and the sequel 's that much better because of its delicately-balanced unpredictability .
There 's nothing like laughing your face off , and even at nearly two full hours Anchorman 2 gets the giddy , giggly , cheek-pressuring job done .
Joins ` Caddyshack II , ' ` Airplane II , ' ` Breakin ' 2 : Electric Boogaloo ' and ` Arthur 2 : On the Rocks ' on the list of unnecessary sequels .
Enough quotable quips and laughs to enjoy the movie as a whole ... but when it goes off the rails and starts getting silly , it has a hard time recovering .
Far from perfect , but its humor is nearly Monty Python-esque , much more deliciously absurd and creatively bizarre than its predecessor .
This movie is so lazy it might as well star Adam Sandler .
Not the disaster some feared it might be , but neither is it the endlessly quotable , deliciously idiotic follow-on so many of us were optimistically anticipating .
Alas , this movie is miles from being as good as the first one .
Although some of its satire is rushed there 's ample surreal drama and consistent comedic excellence from the already star cast ...
This sequel may not produce any quotable lines , but to borrow one from the original : Do n't act like not you 're not impressed .
Ferrell and director Adam McKay pushed things even further , raunchier and weirder .
It 's a constant barrage of joke-joke-joke , but they 're all gags that take place in the moment and are immediately shoved aside for the next one . Nothing builds . There are no setups for later payoffs .
Burgundy is the sort of character who , if Ferrell was n't a widely established performer , could have swallowed the actor 's profile whole , the way Mr Bean built up and demolished Rowan Atkinson .
It 's bawdy , on-target in its take on what 's become of TV news , and packed with wacky performers .
It may not leave the same imprint on American culture as its super-quotable predecessor . But it has moments of howling hilarity and the improvisatory spirit that gave Ron Burgundy 's origin story its shaggy , ramshackle charm .
Bigger and broader than before , Ron 's return occasionally feels like autocue 'd sequel-making . But it spikes old news with enough fresh comic zip to keep you hooked through the self-indulgent stretches .
Ferrell and his comrades exhibit a great rapport throughout . He , Carell and Rudd in particular have not only a gift for ad-libbing , but also nonverbal , in-character lateral thinking .
A modestly less quotable but generously funny new adventure for scotch-and-mahogany-loving 1970s newsman Ron Burgundy , here catapulted into 1980 and the dawn of the 24-hour news cycle .
With those eyes that are a little too close together , and that confident swagger that looks as if it could disintegrate into a pratfall at any time , Ferrell makes a grand ringleader for all this nonsense .
Great fun this may well be , but the finale signifies a distinct running out of ideas .
Like all Judd Apatow comedies , the movie could do with ruthless pruning , but the top story is that Ferrell 's fearless energy keeps things going , even if the skits are a little hit and miss .
Mostly funny , and the satiric arrows , frankfurter-thick as they are , find their targets more often than not .
Patchy and in need of a rigorous edit , but amid all the weeds there is some ripe comedy - satire , even - for the plucking .
This is Anchorman turned up to 11 .
This Anchorman sequel knows who its fans are , and does its best to keep them happy . No one will be complaining .
A dash of outrageous visual humor -LRB- notably , in a car-wreck scene -RRB- and crazily crude sex talk ca n't compensate for the formulaic stiffness that dominates ...
Scene after scene rockets past dumb , past camp , past Kabuki , and into the Milky Way of Silly where laws can be made up and discarded as long as what happens gets laughs .
The laughs are still there But shockingly , this sequel is actually `` about '' something -- the birth of cable news and the death of TV journalism
Get ready for some vintage Burgundy .
It 's not really my kind of comedy , but I do admire the risky inventions and daring ideas - even if they do n't all work
This Anchorman sequel gift wraps plenty of crazy ideas , slapstick and occasional hilarity . It soars when it 's hot and bums out when it 's not
A deliriously barmy , laugh-out-loud sequel that manages to top the much-loved original , with fond nods to Australia in tow .
The film nails its 70s setting , but too much of the comedy is based on people falling over or shouting .
The inspired lunacy of Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy is downgraded to calculated silliness in its long-gestating sequel , Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues , but hey , that is barely cause for complaint .
Director Adam McKay and co. up the ante with this side-splitting sequel , which plays , bigger , funnier and more absurd . You 'll be impressed .

@highlight

It 's just as uneven and loosely structured as the first Anchorman -- and while Anchorman 2 : The Legend Continues may not be quite as quotable , it 's nearly as funny as its predecessor .