Lords of Dogtown is an interesting look at the start of an ever increasingly more popular part of American youth culture , but often settles for surface gloss instead of introspection .
As the three friends separate via commercial successes afforded them , `` Lords Of Dogtown '' becomes a distinctly youthful American anecdote about the nature of friendship and success .
You do n't have to care much about skateboarding -LRB- I really do n't -RRB- to find the movie exhilarating and engaging .
Dogtown 's testosterone fueled , deeply and sadly affectionate excursion into the contact highs and lows of male adolescence , gets it just right and more .
A modestly entertaining movie , thanks largely to the efforts of director Catherine Hardwicke and the three leads .
... a thoroughly dull piece of work .
The three leads are superb , with Hirsch probably the stand-out - he and Rasuk do particularly well to suggest more than the script 's rather one-note characterisation allows .
I found the never-ending circle of skates , booze , drugs and girls rather repetitive and boring , but skate-board fanatics will lap up every intense moment
Director Catherine Hardwicke grew up in the area where the Zephyr team lived and she gets the look and feel of it just right .
Despite the usual difficulty of people scripting their own stories , the film has an energetic fighting spirit .
Directed with skill and assuredness by Catherine Hardwicke .
A celebratory experience , paying homage to those who , out of a lack of anything better to do , ... created an outright phenomenon .
You do n't need to know a grind from an ollie to appreciate `` The Lords of Dogtown , '' the story of the birth of modern skateboarding culture .
As exciting as the movie is , it stalls its way to an abrupt ending and feels like it 's all been just the set-up , an origin story prepping us for an even bigger sequel .
Hardwicke executes with the crucial street cred a movie like this needs .
... evokes a strong sense of nostalgia and provides an affectionate tribute to its subjects .
A pulse-pounding , high energy , rock n ' rock blast !
part celebration of 1970s Southern California punk culture , part rise-and-fall social drama , and part cautionary tale about the perils of youth and success
No skater needs to be told to see Lords ; no non-skater should waste his time when Z-Boys is so readily available on DVD and video .
Lords Of Dogtown just may be the sleeper film of the summer .
If anything , Lords of Dogtown is an incredibly standard rise and fall tale of a friendship pushed to its limits by unforeseen superstardom . If you 're looking for anything different or unusual , it might be best to take a look someplace else .
The movie rarely conveys the import of what these kids accomplished : As depicted here , their cultural revolution seems no more noteworthy than a day spent at the mall .
a meandering trip down memory lane punctuated with some really nice skateboarding sequences .
A biopic about skateboard heroes of the 1970s that 's only truly alive when the Z-Boys are inventing their new sport .
If you really want to know what 's what , check out Peralta 's own doc , Dogtown and Z-Boys , which dishes the real deal in adrenaline-pushing detail .
In her raw , ruff-and-ready style , Hardwicke gets in your face early and often . You just want to tell her , ` Down , girl . '
There 's great authenticity in the picture thanks to Catherine Hardwicke 's atmospheric direction and Stacy Peralta 's first-hand account of the era .
The movie failed , on every level , to answer the one key question : Why should I care about these boys ?
Purely as a study in speed and movement , Lords of Dogtown is a gnarly ride .
Hardwicke 's gritty touch and unwillingness to romanticize adolescence keeps her film from being as brashly celebratory as it might have been ...
These kids can act , and they can ride those boards .
Major plot lines may begin , develop and end , changing characters ' lives forever , while you are in the bathroom .
It 's played at a level of youth film energy that I never felt director Catherine Hardwicke reached in her previous effort Thirteen .
-LSB- I -RSB- t vibrates with a bouncing-off-the-walls energy that sucks you right into the action .
To call this movie a dog would be to insult my friends of the canine persuasion , so I will just say it stinks
They maintained their balance on dangerous skateboard stunts but wiped out the way anyone who has ever watched an epsiode of VH1 : Behind the Music knows all too well .
Reaches beyond the cinematic frame as far as it can to catch big air , giving its audience a you-are-there viscerality .
One of the flaws of Paralta 's script is that he wants us to feel SORRY for those poor kids who made all that money . Awwwwwwwww ... .
Knoxville 's arrival marks the end of Dogtown as a free-flowing lark and the beginning of the film 's over-determined and predictable `` rise-and-fall '' story arcs .
Lots of fun for its target audience ; skaters both old school and new , and high schoolers .
I could n't help but think of the episode of The Simpsons where the Itchy & Scratchy canine sidekick so self-consciously ` in-your-face ' comes off as tame instead .
Lords of Dogtown stays afloat , largely because many of its actors transcend Hardwicke 's heavy-handed storytelling .
The most thrilling moments in Lords of Dogtown involve skateboard wheels .
Lords of Dogtown is n't a cop-out , but rather an ever-so-slight concession to commercialism , while Dogtown and Z-Boys was , above all else , a love song to the counterculture .
Entirely sympathetic to its youthful , even bratty characters -- and , by extension , to the youth audience that is likely to respond most enthusiastically to the film .
If watching Dogtown and Z-Boys was tantamount to witnessing history itself , watching Lords of Dogtown , which Peralta wrote , feels more like watching a stiff , meticulously choreographed reenactment .
It 's hard to think of a movie since 1950 's Sunset Boulevard that has gotten more dramatic impact out of a pool .
This dramatization does nothing Peralta 's documentary did n't do better . And why opt for the imitation when the real deal is still out there for the viewing ?
Lords of Dogtown is nothing more than a steaming pile of dog crap .
For someone who was there , not to mention someone who created Dogtown and Z-Boys , Peralta has crafted a script so superficial and simplistic it feels like it was tapped out by a 14-year-old fan .
It 's a thrashing good time .
A strong companion to Dogtown and Z-Boys .
The action sequences are real and raw , and if Lords never quite gets airborne , it does justice to a scene whose legacy rolls on .
What Lords needed , and what it mostly lacks , is dramatic impact off the concrete .
Demonstrates enough narrative style , grit and artistry to latch onto plenty of viewers with absolutely zero interest in skateboarding .
-LSB- Hardwicke -RSB- brings a social realism to Dogtown and a fondness for the sport that pay early dividends . As the movie unspools , though , it also unravels , because it seems that nothing consequential is at stake .
Catherine Hardwicke , working from a Peralta script and stealing the look and verve of his earlier documentary , turns in a dazzling , edgy and entertainingly blunt riff on the gnarly and how they got that way .
A credible , handsome and engaging entertainment .
A sports memoir fringed with punk rock clamor .
Unlike the documentary , the movie is reluctant to delve too deeply into the darker side of its protagonists .
Lords Of Dogtown is true to its roots , and a pure buzz .
Catherine Hardwicke 's Lords of Dogtown works as both an energetic thrill ride and a keenly-felt drama about boys gone wild .
When the film works dramatically , it works because of -LSB- Emile Hirsch and Heath Ledger -RSB- .
Lords of Dogtown is a fictional feature that tries hard to mimic the sun-baked realism of the documentary that inspired it . But mimic is all it does .
There are also a lot of hot girls in '70s shorts , and they look like natural '70s bodies . I do n't know where they found those in Hollywood .
... it is a pretty haphazard affair unless you are convinced that the world of skateboarding is intrinsically interesting .
Good Lords ? Not really .
Lords of Dogtown rocks .
It 's gone through Hollywood ` creative processing ' at least one time too many .
Accomplished film .
Lords ca n't quite sustain this adrenaline to the finish as it eventually loses focus and takes a fall into sentimentality . But when it excels , it brings that electric charge that comes when a film 's style is perfectly matched with its subject .
Stacy Peralta , this is your life . Again . And again .
Superficial and chaotic .
Using desaturated tones , the filmmakers employ handheld camerawork , tightly framed close-ups and kinetic cuts for a fluid , aggressive , punk-ass style that captures the energy of that singular moment in sports history .
The movie is like a daydream , and it 's most infectious when the characters are in motion or misbehaving , which is often .
Not only is there no need for this movie , but its weaknesses underline the strength of -LSB- Dogtown and the Z-Boys -RSB- .
The trailers for this emotionally charged skateboarding picture are more misleading than a politician 's pre-election promises .
A secondary , rags-to-riches melodrama that pales in comparison with ` Dogtown and the Z-Boys . '
-LSB- Hardwicke -RSB- falls short in the hardest part of her job - pruning back Peralta 's unwieldy script to get to the heart of these boys ' unique bond as friends and competitors .
... Hardwicke recognizes that it is a story about people , not skateboards .
Gritty , exciting , sexy and refreshingly , honestly '70s , Catherine Hardwicke 's Lords of Dogtown is one of the most thrilling pictures to be released in years .
Peralta 's script is hackneyed , Hardwicke 's direction is flat , the cinematography is boring , the acting is atrocious , and the film 's depictions of the '70s surfer/skateboarding culture at L.A. 's Venice Beach is scandalously cliched .
Peralta has actually told this tale once before , and done a better job , as the director of the 2001 documentary Dogtown and Z-Boys .
Lords of Dogtown is basically Dogtown and Z-Boys with melodrama substituted for self-importance .
Lords of Dogtown is one of those films that makes everyone who is not a citizen of the realm feel hopelessly disconnected .
The young cast shines , especially Hirsch .
Peralta 's screenplay does n't add much depth to the characters , although he creates situations no documentary could capture : family problems , byplay between the skateboarders and the libidinous party atmosphere .
-LRB- Peralta 's -RRB- screenplay is startlingly bland , populated by characters as flat as the boards they ride .
Skate all day , party all night . Lather . Rinse . Repeat . Yawn .
Like the skateboarding punks of the film 's title , Lords of Dogtown is good-looking , energetic and rather aimless .
You either like the energy and skateboarding or it will be Dogs of Lordtown .
While there are nanoseconds where Hardwicke can make her film come together in an appealing period brew , the rest of Dogtown is one long , atrociously directed joke .
It 's possible that the whole thing was ad libbed , with the actors dashing moments of silence with bro and stoked instead of ughm and err .
Could have used a little more ... melancholy and pain , as well as a starker sense of the Z-Boys as cultural forerunners .
The Lords are n't all that compelling , but their exploits are really cool to watch .
Skateboarding '70s rise-and-fall tale has a fresh look and feel , even if the story 's a little stale .
So literal is the antiestablishment vibe that whenever there 's a moment primed to make kids wan na punch out an old square , they get to see it acted out .
Every time you think Hardwicke is about to focus on the story , here comes another skateboarding scene . After the 5th one , I got it . They were good . Whoopee .
Being a little skate punk pre-teen ... I found the film to be a fascinating window to my own past , despite the film 's obvious flaws . I doubt others will be as forgiving .
What could have been only a pandering skate-ploitation flick instead treats its true story with maturity and skill .
The perfect final image to encapsulate the film : A kid in a wheelchair , lobotomized by brain surgery , sitting in an empty pool surrounded by unlikable skateboarders .
Ledger exudes an impetuousness that 's in keeping with Lords of Dogtown 's infectious , devil-may-care swagger
The film has an adolescent-summer-movie breeziness , and personalizes and romanticizes many of the original film 's themes into a broader and more general canvas of camaraderie and conflict .
Catherine Hardwicke -LRB- gives -RRB- the skate scenes the feel of dynamic videos that popularized the style and the drama a scrappy , naturalistic immediacy .
Manages to turn an exhilarating documentary into a remarkably boring movie .
... tells a common rise and fall story ... but it does so with style and verve and delivers a historical place in a celluloid time capsule .
I 'm not a fan , but this happened in my backyard in front of my eyes ... an honest , entertaining , accurate depiction of the men who created the sport of skateboarding .
Lords of Dogtown is as beautifully structured as one of the Z-Boys ' graceful and intricate maneuvers .
Lords of Dogtown is probably the best movie this year I ca n't recommend .
The film does n't hold together in any compelling way .
Lords of Dogtown , from start to finish , is pretty much a blast .
Peralta 's script does n't have a satisfying dramatic structure .
Hardwicke and her cast have managed the unthinkable -- they 've turned these legends of the skate scene into poseurs .
I walked out of Dogtown almost bouncing ... it 's a rush , a kinetic spectacle that puts you right back into your own 16 year old shoes ...
Dogtown slides into melodrama . Skateboard pic pales next to documentary .
There is a great story to be told here , but it 's not in this movie . In fact , it 's already been told in another one .
Absolutely nails the hazy , stoned '70s atmosphere of the subject material , but will most likely cause mondo migraines for anyone not ﬁrmly within the target demographic .
If you 've seen the award-winning documentary Dogtown and Z-Boys and dug it , you 'll probably really like this .
... does n't have half the spontaneity and maverick spirit of the vivid , kinetic , crowd-pleasing documentary that inspired it .
Directed with vigor and wit .
The movie is distant and cold when it should be up-close and personal , a too-smooth concrete surface unblemished by the tread marks of human emotion .
While the actors do a decent job capturing the aura of their characters , the writing , directing and editing stumble .
Entertaining in its joy and energy , and perceptive in depicting a specific , one-of-a-kind era .
It 's hard to shake the feeling that Hardwicke 's film is a stunt itself , with talented young actors dolled up in skater drag to peddle Peralta 's ... self-mythology .
... makes the sport seem about as much fun as having your toenails ripped off one by one .
The movie works so long as it stays on wheels , but turns pretty flat-footed whenever it hits the ground .
Lords of Dogtown is best described as a poseur 's guide to skating culture .
It 's just unconventional enough , it has a heart and a rhythm , and it strives for greatness .
Hardwicke is the rare director whose work is at once kinesthetic and delicate .
If only David Fincher had n't dropped out .
Superficial and disconcertingly conventional .
Leaner and sharper than its fast-and-furious TV spots would let on .
More or less equivalent to skater porn .
Lords of Dogtown will have limited interest for those who exist outside of the skateboarding community .
The young performers supply the necessary physicality and charisma , with Hirsch particularly effective as the sensitive Adams .











@highlight

Lords of Dogtown , while slickly made and edited , lacks the depth and entertaining value of the far superior documentary on the same subject , Dogtown and Z-Boys .