Thankfully The Mummy does n't forget its history and remains a tomb-raiding yarn without attempts to break genre conventions . For better or worse we get exactly what it says in the title : a mummy , a tomb and a dragon emperor .
Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is n't nearly up to the mark set by the previous modern mummy movies
Never trust a movie in which a character exclaims `` here we go again '' , just as Brendan Fraser does 30 minutes into the third instalment of The Mummy franchise .
Pray that this is a franchise that 's dead for good this time .
A movie series called The Mummy is naturally going to have a limited focus . Universal might have been better off focusing on the various adventures of Rick and Evelyn to give them a wider range of material . But they have n't , so mummies it is .
The makers of the wildly lucrative Mummy franchise are flogging a dead corpse ... the adventure that 's been disinterred is more than a little whiffy .
It 's a deafening , blinding department store Blu-ray demo reel that 's spun wildly out of control ... Tomb takes the franchise to a stunning new low . ''
I too wish this Mummy stayed dead and buried .
obviously the low-grade stuff : users will get their fix but recognize it 's been cut too thin , no matter how many bells and whistles were crammed into the mainframe .
... this thing is cursed .
How anyone ever thought there was more than one movie in the Mummy concept , I do n't know .
Another enjoyable bit of high adventure and malarkey .
Not groundbreaking , but good fun .
A capable and highly watchable action adventure flick .
The possibility of a fourth film is alluded to in the screenplay , but let 's hope the filmmakers decide to leave that one where it belongs -- in the crypt .
As we move from city to desert to mountains , the action gets more frenetic and increasingly silly , which is no bad thing in a Mummy movie .
It 's usually advisable to arrive for a film before it starts , but if you happen to be running late for this enjoyably brainless blockbuster , do not worry .
Miscast , fumbled action sequences , flat humor , and one of the most disjointed and problematic scripts of a major movie this year
The often silly elements of the plot dilute the majesty of the Chinese culture which it traverses , and the childish nature of the magical elements dilute the film 's appeal outside a narrow target audience of undemanding kids
I 've really enjoyed The Mummy Franchise . Until now . By the end , even the most amazing stunt becomes a bit of a yawn
Dear fictional character Rick O'Connell , you ca n't roll your eyes about a magic knife being the only thing to kill a raised-from-the-dead emperor if you 've already lived through two other unreal adventures .
If you are looking for mixed martial arts with a little magic thrown in , then this is the film for you . Otherwise , let me say I hope this Mummy is a wrap .
I know The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is nothing more than a popcorn movie ... But even silly pop movies have standards and this one falls short of those .
It 's one thing to make a film for the pre-teen market , it 's quite another to make a film that sounds like it was written by one .
Although the formula remains much the same tanna leave concoction as before , there are a indeed few new wrinkles on the dessicated old corpse , just enough to make this pleasant popcorn movie for viewers seeking action and adventure .
... passable popcorn entertainment , it 's just disappointing that they could n't find anything new or original .
A crazy-quilt comic book with Michelle Yeoh as a sorceress , a tribe of Abominable Snowmen , a visit to Shangri-La , a three-headed dragon , and Hong Kong 's most honored actor , Anthony Wong , as a nutcase general . Kids should love it
None of the action sequences generate any excitement at all and the in-between stuff is so wilfully nutty that it falls completely flat .
Disappointing threequel with a badly written script , irritating characters , dodgy CGI work , a miscast Maria Bello and an underused Jet Li .
Overlong and overcrowded , this tired threequel soon has you yawning . John Hannah 's cry : ` Die , you mummy b ****** s , die ! ' is the only line to raise a cheer .
The whole thing , despite its decent start and $ 100 million , looks a bit of a mess to me . An entertaining one , no doubt , for those who love the franchise , but a bore for those who do n't much care but would have preferred a more well organised film
This reawakens but does n't reinvigorate a franchise that was already curling at the edges seven years ago , with The Mummy Returns .
If you wanted to be totally accurate it should be The Mummy With The Same Formula As Before Except In China And Without Any Mummies . It 's only slightly less catchy than the current title .
Easily the summer 's feeblest blockbuster , this is n't even one the kids will enjoy , thanks to a dry-as-dust first half and a final hour that could be marketed as a cure for insomnia .
Mindless popcorn movies are fine , as long as they 're inventive and do n't treat their audience like idiots . But this one is n't , and does .
Dumb , inept and more than a little dull , this lacklustre blockbuster suggests it 's time to put The Mummy back in its sarcophagus . If The Scorpion King 's anything to go by , though , those bloody Yetis will probably get their own spin-off .
In terms of originality , this Mummy is dead on its feet . And no matter what their nationality , everyone struggles with the generally awful dialogue .
I can think of almost nothing good to say about the film , except that I enjoyed it immensely .
The Mummy franchise now really is dead , dead , dead . It is so dead , it could win gold at the Dead Olympics , establishing a new British and Commonwealth record in the 400m decomposition event .
It 's no masterpiece , but for good-natured escapism , the latest Mummy adventure gives Indiana a run for his money .
Perhaps the studio hoped they could cash in on the return in 2008 of Indy . Whatever the thinking , a third Mummy film is here - and right damn average it is too .
Making the farcical tenor of the recent Indiana Jones film feel like a paragon of dramatic and archaeological integrity , this phoned-in action threequel does n't even have the good grace to deliver on its title and feature any mummies
Competent , but so utterly bereft of any memorable moments that it becomes a bit of a bore .
Screenwriters Alfred Gough and Miles Millar stuff Dragon Emperor with the same kind of disjointed details that almost ruined the jubilantly preposterous atmosphere of the conspiracy theory hokum in David Koepp 's Crystal Skull screenplay .
The visual work is so professionally achieved that it points up the mediocrity of the narrative it 's designed to serve .
Some casting mishaps but still Mummy knows best how to entertain breezily
By Mike Martin - Second sequels rely heavily on the goodwill built up by the first two films and here it 's wearing thin .
Competes only with Prince Caspian for having the most inert action sequences of the summer .
I was never a fan of the first two , but those are masterpieces compared to this clunk ' o junk .
Frantic but dull , even dreary .
... an assembly-line action movie .
This monstrosity ends by implying that there are also some Mummies in Peru , so a fourth installment is on the drawing boards . More 's the pity .
The best part about the third Mummy movie is the Ninja Football Yetis that Brendan Frasier and pals encounter in the mountains of Tibet .
When a script stoops low enough to involve yak vomit as the focus of a joke , that should be a red flag to the studio that it might be a good idea to hold off on production .
Makes me miss Uwe Boll .
All things considered , The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is not bad . It 's a serviceable spectacle , with plenty of action .
A solitary highlight -- when Emperor and Witch call their dead armies to life , his clay soldiers vs her skeleton troops . It 's `` The Kilning Fields '' taking on a Skeleton Crew .
O tipo de filme concebido com uma calculadora em mãos .
Were you to watch this film with the volume off , it might be a fairly good adventure film .
If this were -LSB- Maria -RSB- Bello 's first film , I guarantee this would have been the last we 'd seen of her ...
Nothing special , nothing risible , nothing memorable , nothing that 's going to last long at the cineplex . It just sort of evaporates on screen . And that 's almost worse than being a bomb . At least you 'll remember the bomb .
Parts of the movie are fun , mostly due to Fraser 's and Bello 's winning attitudes . But there is too much slapstick , too much infantile humor , too much messy editing and an overload of special effects .
The sloppiness of the entire enterprise is immediately evident by the fact that the 27-year-old Ford looks nowhere near young enough to be playing the son of 39-year-old Fraser and 41-year-old Bello . From there , the movie only gets more absurd .
But the script frankly sucks . It lifts from sources that were themselves tired liftings from other sources . The funniest lines do n't appear to have been intended to be funny .
This is the worst kind of sequel - the kind of that reeks of having been made purely for the paycheck . It 's time to seal this Mummy back up into its crypt and keep it there .
It 's as if they forgot to bring the fun to this picture . Avoid it at all costs .
Can we just bury this franchise and promise not to dig it up ?
Why ?
Did n't anyone realize that 39 year-old Brendan Fraser could n't play the father of 27 year-old Luke Ford ? With this noisy , frenetic , futile installment , it 's time to wrap the ` Mummy ' franchise .
Where is Meryl Streep ? After all , ` The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor ' seems to have everything else in its mix , including a three-headed dragon -LRB- and -RRB- Abominable SnowMEN .
For a movie about the undead , this lacks any supernatural chills , and by the time its obligatory final showdown arrives , it seems as hollow as the terra cotta soldiers brought to life by CGI .
Make no mistake , it 's bad . But it 's fun bad .
The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is a cheeseball film that 's hard to love but impossible to hate .
The best news about this clangorous clunker is that it may well have vanquished the Mummy franchise .
Remarkably , the plot has much in common with Hellboy II : The Golden Army , yet that bundle of fun has enough vision to make even its Barry Manilow interlude seem appropriate .
There are so few surprises that one not only begins anticipating the next scene , but looking forward to the end .
The story is no more than a thread stitching set pieces of increasing implausibility and ineptitude .
This Mummy movie is really two movies : a good adventure epic , with all the Chinese people , and a wan one , with O'Connells and the other the Westerners .
The actor who comes off best in The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is the one who opted out : Rachel Weisz .
If movies were people , The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor would be a total bimbo : nice-looking and kind of fun sometimes , but so unbearably empty and dumb that it does n't matter .
At one point in the film when it becomes clear trouble will soon be lurking around the corner , Jonathan tells the people around him that he 's seen enough mummies to last a lifetime . You and me both , buddy .
It 's just colossally dumb . With the lamest of humor and nothing to engage the intellect in even a tiny way , it soon becomes repetitious and dull .
Tomb of the Dragon Emperor is more of the same -- and yet less .
The new Mummy is , how can I put it ? Just freakin ' awful .
The action beats are the same as the earlier Mummys -- with planes , guns , digital creatures and vast armies of the risen-dead having at it . The missing ingredient here seems to be the fun .
Every vestige of the first Mummy movie 's wit and charm is buried in an avalanche of noise and motion . It 's exhausting .
This movie was n't so much created as calculated .
The third installment of the Mummy franchise , Tomb of the Dragon Emperor , is by far the weakest .
What 's with outsourcing mummies to China ? Do the undead work for lower wages there ? Did Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon take place on the Nile ?
` Here we go again , ' sighs adventurer Rick O'Connell in The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor , and he 's not the only one to notice that things are starting to look awfully familiar .
As the shape-shifting baddie , Li spends most of the movie running around under extensive digital makeup , which renders his casting pointless , since it could be anybody under there . He also , at one point , turns into a giant three-headed dragon . No , really .
If it were n't for all that inept banter , this might have been a different film indeed .
It 's the same cheesy mix of digitized monsters and lame comic relief we 've come to expect .
This sequel is inferior even to its predecessors -LRB- three , if you count the prequel The Scorpion King -RRB- , themselves poor versions of the George Lucas-Steven Spielberg franchise .
This threequel is so hackneyed that even star Brendan Fraser was n't enough to sell audiences on a third return . Even Jet Li could n't save the day .
Okay , first of all , they 're not mummies . They 're terra cotta warriors . But I suppose Terra Cotta Warriors I : The Tomb Of The Dragon Emperor would have represented a marketing challenge .
It 's serviceable summer twaddle , but you might as well see Hellboy II : The Golden Army -- similar plot , much better film .
The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor marks the sad end -LRB- we hope -RRB- to a franchise that delivered two solid , highly entertaining , summer popcorn-munchers , both superior to the second Indiana Jones flick .
You 've seen it all before . You do n't want to see it again . It will hurt your head and lay waste to your soul .
While plenty of arrows zing , few of the wisecracks or familial confessions in Alfred Gough 's and Miles Millar 's script hit their mark .
Anyone looking for a terrific summer popcorn movie should not hop on board .
Despite exotic locations , epic cinematography , and much spectacular crash and bang , this Mummy feels like a threadbare toss-off .
Three yetis , a yak and a couple of yuks . That 's all you get in the way of original entertainment in The Mummy : The Tomb of the Dragon Emperor .
It 's abundantly clear that this is one franchise that is dead in all but name .
Soulless , loud , dull and aggressively unintelligent . Questioning creature-feature logic usually is a buzzkill , but in a film with Tibetan yetis somehow aware of football gestures , it 's essential to keep your brain from turning to goop .
I 've read Choose Your Own Adventure novels with better narrative cohesion . And better dialogue , chemistry , and drama too .
Exactly the sort of ridiculous , vacuous , throwaway fare we 've come to expect during the summer season .
You get the feeling watching it no one would know an original idea if it came up and slapped them in the face , everything from the crazy fast-talking pilot to the field goal-kicking Yetis as asinine and as silly as anything else I 've seen this year .
-LSB- E -RSB- ven with bar set low and my unconditional love set high , I can not freakin ' believe how cruelly Tomb rips out my geeky little heart and stomps on it ...
I kept waiting for Silver Surfer , Neo , and Snoopy on his damn doghouse to come flying by and yell `` Hey Rick ! That 's a lot of mummies ! Mind if WE drop in ? ''
Regardless of whether you 've watched the other films , the third Mummy entry is a headache-inducing mess .
Amid all the poorly edited , atrociously written tumult , the silly CGI and the tragic misuse of Jet Li and Michelle Yeoh , Rick remains an appealing throwback hero .
You do n't believe it for a minute , but you may find yourself having too much fun to care .
A deafening , blinding department store Blu-ray demo reel that 's spun wildly out of control !
Director Rob Cohen breathlessly paces his film with non stop action and the whole thing turns out to be some seriously cheesy B movie fun .
If Universal wants to continue the tired series after this one , we suggest they take it to Broadway instead , maybe as a musical . How about ` Mummy Mia ! ' ?
It is one of those movies for which you make a mental check list of familiar sequences you 've seen in previous efforts ...
Lon Chaney Jr. forever defined Mummy movies . Just before grabbing co-star Virginia Christine who went on to gain fame as Mrs. Olson in those old Folger 's Coffee commercials , It looked to me like Chaney yawned . Who can blame him ?
Your suspension of disbelief will totally diminish when the abominable snowmen/yetis show up and start cheering each other on and practically giving each other high fives after beating up the bad guys !
Better Left for Dead
You get the sense that it has been written both by and for ADD-afflicted children who have seen way too many movies and who are determined to simply repeat their favorite parts from them , regardless of whether or not they make any sense .
Technically , Jet Li 's Emperor Han is pottery not putrification -- he 's such stuff as Pier 1 's are made of -- but that does n't stop this franchise from resurrecting a third sequel .
Not exactly mummy dearest , the movie does have a supply of magical moments of stylish sorcery in store . It 's just that if you 're a bit of a purist about archaeological flights of fancy , you 're not likely to dig it .
I know that dragging old franchises out of mothballs is all the rage these days , but quality control still counts for something .
It does n't take itself too seriously but it takes the action scenes seriously and there are some great ones .
a slipshod spectacle
Dragon Emperor does n't exactly beg for a sequel -LRB- neither did The Mummy Returns , for that matter -RRB- , but it 'd be fun to watch the filmmakers try to outdo this dizzy spectacle in the arena of sheer ridiculousness .
What 's that funky odor wafting off the screen ? It 's the stench of stale plotting , cheesy CGI , cadaver-stiff acting and a decaying franchise that the studio keeps digging up .
It 's like Cohen and Co. once heard someone describe an Indiana Jones rip-off and they just copied down whatever they could remember , and then added some yeti .
-LSB- A -RSB- terrible third entry in a terrible trilogy .
... if I 'm going to see a movie about a guy who wakes up an evil supernatural warrior , and then has to fight him , I do n't need 5-minute speeches about the backstory between every major scene .
With an adventure-fantasy , a certain amount of creative license is to be expected -- even encouraged -- but this third installment of the Mummy franchise is nearly swamped by distracting lapses in logic .
The film 's best quality is that it continues the Mummy tradition of mocking its own big-budget gratuitousness .
These are the middle of the road Hollywood Blockbusters that I dread , but there is a fanbase for it and I guess if you liked the others , you will like this one just as much , probably .
The third Mummy movie is overly familiar and is pretty unoriginal . And as half-hearted as portions of it are , you 'd swear this summer movie ` medley ' exists simply to cash in on the success of the earlier Mummy films .
A loud , silly bit of non-stop action that again comes off like a poor cousin of the ` Indiana Jones ' flicks .
Tiresome and messy , The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor borrows mightily from the Indiana Jones franchise and various martial-arts films , but it does n't do what those films did nearly as well .
An example of the CGI movie run amok .
Full of exclamatory one-liners ripped from a copy of Indiana Jones for Dummies , and with the breathless cast spewing putatively witty rejoinders that get drowned out by pows and bangs , Mummy 3 should have been kept under wraps .
There is no excuse for an action feature to not hold a single thrilling moment . That 's not just bad luck , that 's bad filmmaking .
I mean , honestly , how does somebody screw up a Yeti attack ?
Violent action sequel should 've stayed buried .
Joyless spectacle : it has a certain epic sweep ... but it also has tacky CGI Yeti .
If this sounds absurd , it is .
The film has one objective : to smack its audience in the face with fleeting , competing wows , over and over .
If you 're willing to accept its flights of fancy and leaps of logic , it 's a pleasant enough summer adventure with its heart more or less in the right place .
Now why did I like this movie ? It was just plain dumb fun , is why . It is absurd and preposterous , and proud of it .
It 's barely possible that Mummy 3 is a colossal in-joke , a spoof of all the adventure movies that have drab actors , laughable computer-generated effects , a threadbare plot , continuity lapses and one-liners that repeatedly fall flat .
If only it actually were that fun .
Fraser , who at 39 looks perhaps five years older than this kid , needed a wholesome offspring-sidekick like a third arm . Then again , it 's not clear that the world needed a third Mummy movie .
Though it tries to juice up its mojo with currently popular Asian themes and martial-arts sequences , this Mummy seems a teeny bit musty .
Possibly the most fun Mummy yet -- call it The Uber-Mummy .
The third entry in the series starring Brendan Fraser ups the ante in terms of special effects and action , but there 's an undeniably tired air to the enterprise .
Given the must , dust and rust emanating from this third installment , it 's clear the time has come for this Mummy franchise to be truly mummified once and for all .
Strange how dreary it all is , and how tired Fraser seems .
A dispiritingly witless sequel with very little personality but a lot of frenetic comic banter and numbing set pieces .
Just murky dust in the wind , unable to settle down and spreading apathy as it blows .
Has there been a more egregious abuse of computer-generated imagery than that of the Mummy franchise ?
Fraser 's still a lot of fun , but the charm seems to be evaporating from the franchise this third time out .
Seeking box office gold with pretty good special effects and third-rate writing and failing spectacularly , that failure is , in fact , the only spectacular thing happening on screen .
The latest MUMMY compares the audience to a cat and the film to a ball of yard . Writers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar treat the audience as a simple cat with a small brain - stupid enough that a ball of yard will amuse them for hours .
Hollywood could learn from the Mummy series : better to leave it buried .
The Mummy series has been dead for a long time , but like the mummies it depicts , it wo n't stay buried .
There 's an important lesson here : Whatever immortal ninja temple guardians tell you , take it with a grain of salt because they tend to exaggerate . Speaking of untrustworthy pronouncements , remember when Jet Li said he was retiring ?
Could have been a lot worse , but should have been much better ... it 's a movie you can watch once and be entertained , but it probably could never sustain multiple viewings like the best summer fare .
Makes the first two Mummy films seem like The Godfather I and II .
Fraser , one of the few actors who can play adventures , deserves better than this mishmash in which there are no ground rules and anything goes : East and West , myth and history , comedy and action , fathers and sons , mothers and daughters , swords and guns .
And in a summer when even the latest Indiana Jones movie is a pale copy of its predecessors , who wants to see a second-rate Indy rip-off ?
The movie feels like the direct-to-dvd version of The Mummy , complete with cheesy , already-done CG effects , and best of all , not a single actual mummy in the entire movie .





@highlight

With middling CG effects and a distinct lack of fun , The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor finds the series past its prime .