... a spare premise that 's utilized to surprisingly positive effect ...
An undercooked , overdone raunchy comedy .
It made me laugh . Out loud , a lot , and wildly , and I 'm not ashamed to admit it .
Luis Guzman is especially funny as a sex-crazed head cook obsessed with a staff game that becomes a centerpiece of the film 's humor .
Some jokes hit their mark , but mostly in `` Waiting % u2026 , '' what you 're really waiting for is inspiration .
For what 's essentially a raucous , gross-out comedy , this is a surprisingly tame film .
You 'd have more fun actually working in a restaurant . Probably .
Despite its flaws , it really is a funny , witty , and suprisingly charming slob comedy
McKittrick neglects to realize that his target audience -LRB- males , ages 18-25 -RRB- presumably are n't interested in seeing or hearing about the male genitalia at any time ...
We have to watch -LSB- the cast -RSB- struggle and squirm just to make each scene not as horrible as the last .
Subplots include a running gag where the guys all compete at flashing their dicks . You know it 's a 21st century movie because the characters are self-conscious about their sexism and homophobia .
A silly , awkward , but sometimes very funny movie .
An ugly-looking movie with even uglier attempts at humor .
Frequently offensive and doggedly disgusting .
The only things you 'll find on the menu are rancid leftovers .
Ew . `` Waiting '' longs to shock its audience . And does .
If this movie had a brain , it would take it out and scribble graffiti of the ` for a good time call ... ' variety on it .
The funniest scene is also the saddest : The kitchen crew , having cleaned up , watching the clock like New Year 's , goes nuts when a couple is seated a minute before closing . This is pain .
Rob McKittrick 's debut is most successful at its simplest - unflinching in the way a lot of 20somethings talk and act in the company of friends .
You can do gross-out stuff and be funny , but it has to have some decent dialogue and characters .
If McKittrick did n't work at a restaurant himself , he must have lived with someone who did .
If you think ` Deuce Biglaow : European Gigolo ' is the worst movie of the year . Wrong ! ` Waiting ' is the winner by a mile .
Not razor-sharp with its satire of the corporate restaurant culture as Office Space was with corporate office culture .
A new classic of the ` sucky job ' subgenre .
If you 're planning on a dinner-and-movie date , make sure you have dinner FIRST -LRB- preferably at a restaurant where you can watch them cook your food -RRB- .
As in waiting for it to be over .
An obvious but undeniably funny mix of National Lampoon 's Animal House and Clerks , writer-director Rob McKittrick 's feature debut is a comedy for those without a gag reflex and for shut-ins who never plan to eat in a restaurant ever again .
A puerile excuse for humour , perfectly described by one of the characters , in a rare moment of insight , as ` an exercise in retarded homophobic futility . '
McKittrick 's relentless vulgarity is wearing , but he 's a strong visualist who keeps his shoestring-budget film looking fresh .
This movie 's two goals are to be over-the-top funny and remind audience members what it feels like to be in your early 20s without a plan , and it 's a complete success in both areas .
Whether via Jennifer Aniston 's waitress character in Office Space or your own acne-aggravating teenage stint in front of a fryer , you 've probably seen these situations , and these jokes , before .
Waiting needs more scenes with true bite , rather than tired shtick about stoner bus boys , rude customers , and ` The Game . '
While Waiting has value as a cautionary document , it 's only intermittently funny .
The movie is best when it stops trying to be outrageous and simply goes about documenting the awful universals of the food-service experience .
Waiting makes us wait too long between laughs . But its sly awareness of the people and the work might transport you back to that Pizza Hut , Olive Garden or T.G.I. Friday 's in your own `` Order up ! '' past .
The scenes that work are really funny . But for every gag that flies there are at least one-and-a-half that do n't .
If you 're planning to go out for dinner and a movie , Waiting ... should be your last choice at the multiplex .
The sophomorically crude comedy Waiting ... confirms your worst suspicions about both the staff in chain restaurants -- and indie filmmakers desperate to be noticed .
Rob McKittrick 's sour debut is such an obvious candidate for the direct-to-video shelf , someone will surely be demoted for sending it into actual theaters .
The movie is a clumsy and uninspired mess .
Filth -- be it in the kitchen or the punch lines -- is something I can handle . One-note , laugh-free filth is another thing entirely .
If side-splitting laughter is what you crave , Waiting ... will leave you hungry for a slice of American Pie .
Do n't expect a message . Waiting is one thing and one thing only : rudely , profanely , obnoxiously funny .
Waiting ... is rude , crude , childish and stupid , which is pretty much everything you want in a gross-out humour movie .
The cast compensates by serving steaming-hot plates of gonzo enthusiasm , kicking things along with unhinged gusto even when Waiting stalls in anecdotal nothingness .
Between a couple of funny scenes and a bunch of unfunny gags , there 's not much going on in Waiting ... .
Ryan Reynolds ' new comedy is like going to one of those T.G.I. Fridays-esque pub-restaurants that it spoofs : It 's just okay , but it might leave you a bit queasy afterward .
If you 're looking for a hefty serving of rude fun with a side of light meaning , order up Waiting .
It lays out a hearty , all-you-can-laugh buffet , served by some very fresh , in both senses of the word , waitstaff .
Scattershot and under the mistaken assumption that vulgarity is its own reward , Waiting is n't about waiting tables . It 's about a group of unlikable and obnoxious jerks who have found one roof under which they can be obnoxious and unlikable .
Teenage boys will be in heaven . All others : Check , please .
There 's nothing here but penis jokes and the glorification of statutory rape .
McKittrick 's parade of genitalia humor and poor filmmaking skills make for a movie that 's crude in more ways than one .
I completely blame Kevin Smith for the existence of this movie .
These are n't people ; they 're punch lines .
Its particular brand of puerile humor is often well-played enough to earn laughs -- though it could still use some improvement .
As a parody of the corporate restaurant scene , Waiting has more than enough snarky insight -LRB- and laughs -RRB- to balance its numerous and often unnecessary trips to the potty
Looking like a high school drama project made for a couple of twenties over a long weekend , Waiting is labored and rarely funny .
I want Ryan Reynolds ' career and his abs ... he 'll always get a phone call when Vince Vaughn turns down a role .
a product that has been spit on , stepped on , dragged across the floor , dipped in the toilet , and laced with public hair ... and then served hot , for $ 10.50 a ticket .
... do n't watch this film unless you have a high tolerance and an undemanding appreciation for penis jokes ...
Endlessly , tediously , mind-meltingly worthless .
So many zany characters , not a single laugh .
The cast sells the occasional one-liner , but a Reynolds smirk can take you only so far .
It 's lewd , crude and socially irredeemable .
As someone who spent time in a steakhouse kitchen , I can say Waiting ... comes close to reality , especially with its cast of characters .
A witless farce about working at a chain restaurant that belongs in a circle of gross-out hell somewhere below Porky 's and slightly above Jenny McCarthy 's Dirty Love .
This gross-out comedy takes place almost entirely inside a generic chain restaurant , and what happens inside the kitchen is n't pretty .
Sharp-witted and fairly consistently hilarious , rustling up some affectionate , but mostly disturbing , flashbacks to my own restaurant days .
It makes you never want to go to a movie again .
The difference is Clerks was funny and Waiting is not .
An ugly piece of work .
Remember Office Space , with Jennifer Aniston as a flair-wearing Chotchkie 's waitress ? See , writer/director Mike Judge got his chain-dining establishment just right .
A movie for young people , and they 're welcome to it . Anyone older than teenage already will have seen every joke in Waiting ... in more finely crafted , funnier movies .
I fear this film may be too true to life for comfort .
I do n't doubt that McKittrick , who understands how to shape characters , will have a movie career . It 's only sad he had to sell out before making it to the starting gate .
The characters in Waiting ... seem like types , not people . What they do and say is n't funny because someone real does n't seem to be doing or saying it .
Waiting ... serves up a stale dish of dim-witted drivel .
As far as the strangely hostile cheerfulness of chain eateries goes , Office Space did more with a single throwaway joke than McKittrick musters in three acts .
Tasteless and funny . That 's a compliment .
Ryan Reynolds is one of the funniest men alive .
The rest of the laughs -LRB- when they eventually arrive ; the first half hour is kinda bleak -RRB- are mostly scraped from the pit of your roiling stomach .
Waiting is a completely juvenile , ridiculous movie filled with frat boy humor that just happens to be very funny .
Ostentatiously and unremittingly tasteless . Unfortunately , in this case at least , that does not equate with hilarious ... You ca n't wait for the movie to end .
The wait for laughs lasts the entire length of Waiting ...






@highlight

Waiting ... is a gross-out comedy that is more gross than comic .