Somnambulistic from start to finish , it 's a film whose title clearly refers to its paying-customer audience .
Despite its occasionally unfinished feel , Hoodwinked will probably keep everyone -LRB- adults and kids -RRB- entertained for its very brief running time .
Simply not worth the effort or expense of a family night out at the movies .
Someone give these folks a real budget so they can make a movie that looks as good as it sounds .
It 's more than a little contrived , but Warburton 's Wolf has a worldly , hard-bitten charm .
The idea is so great that it 's a crying shame that the end product is such a sheep in wolf 's clothing .
Co-writer / director Cory Edwards has a lot of fun blending the detective genre with the familiar fairy tale world and the witty script throws up several hilarious one-liners , many of which will sail over the heads of a young audience .
A breezy , passably funny spin on a children 's classic , mixing slapstick and farce with character humour and delighting in demolishing stereotypes .
In its simplicity , this film is to Pixar what the old hand-drawn Charlie Brown cartoons were to Disney .
Saddled with cheap-looking animation and a far from stellar cast , this Shrek clone is a diverting but hardly memorable addition to a dangerously overworked genre .
This revisionist , jokey interpretation of the bedtime story arrives in the considerable wake of Shrek and is found wanting .
Makes up for both its simplistic animation and its similarity to Shrek by cramming the script with riotously funny dialog .
Hoodwinked is what many animated movies aspire to be : enjoyably deconstructionist . The kids in my audience seemed surprised and delighted by how it engaged their minds .
The animation is n't even comparable to the original Toy Story , but the clever wit behind the plot and characters is .
A delightfully whimsical , carefree film that is short on action , but long on funny one-liners .
. . the computer animation is adequate at best , but that does n't get in the way of some genuine cleverness .
an irreverent , imaginative and often just plain weird spin on the classic fairy tale
Had something a lot of other lame animated flicks have n't had over the past year and that was spunk , sarcastic humor and a quirky-enough story to keep my aging ass interested most of the way .
Entertaining and funny , if a little thin . David does n't knock out Goliath .
A few random laughs ca n't overwhelm terrible animation in this Shrek rip-off .
A solid effort that proves an entertaining animated film can be made minus a big studio budget .
Neither fish nor foul , television show nor movie , `` Hoodwinked '' is a flavourless confection , that if not exactly a waste of an hour and a half will at least provide for some harmless babysitting .
A riff on the `` Little Red Riding Hood '' tale , literally reimagining our innocent , skipping little sweet tart as a street-smart , butt-kicking , take-no-prisoners hard-lass from the ` hood .
The production contains enough positive elements to make it worth a look , but not until it reaches DVD or TV . As a theatrical offering , it disappoints .
Not likely to have the undying appeal of a film like Shrek or Toy Story .
Its chaotic , rather incoherent action translates into a raw , gleeful energy that 's so infectious and loony , kids will flash gap-toothed grins while wondering what the heck is going on .
Hoodwinked ! is a collection of everything that 's gone wrong with animation lately and nothing that 's gone right .
The writing is clever and once you get past the first song it zips along at a pace only cartoons could keep up with .
More often than not , the look reflects a speeded-up trip though the hard drive to keep costs from skyrocketing . In other words , do n't expect much detail .
The real story of Red Riding Hood - wink ! wink !
Certainly a nobler attempt in the animated feature genre than the likes of Robots , Shark Tale and Chicken Little .
Quirky , bizarre , different , and a hoot !
A cartoon more for adults with a sense of humor , than for children .
The Edwards show immense creative potential ; they just did n't find it all in this particular forest .
It 's not bad enough to leave you feeling had , but unlikely to make you plan a return visit , either .
This flick has the best script of any animated film this year .
Hoodwinked , in terms of wit and technological skill , is no Shrek . It 's not bad , if you lower your expectations a bit .
The fast pacing , talking animals and occasional song might pull in the kids , but the movie 's dry humor clearly is aimed at adults .
An enjoyably ironic rethink of a beloved fairy tale .
A warped , but mildly amusing twist on the childhood favourite .
The digital animation ranges from competent to clunky , the jokes too often feel tossed-off and random , and the movie too often descends into dullness , only to be yanked back from the abyss by the goat .
Offers a few laughs but overall is pretty tired .
A small , lightweight , enormously clever and never cloying little jewel .
Almost everything about the film seems off , from the timing of the gags to the bland power-pop music score .
Hoodwinked may be a poor cousin to the Shrek franchise , but this made-on-the-cheap computer-animated feature still has more style and snarky gags than Disney 's recent CG hit , Chicken Little .
A movie that moves quickly , offers a few laughs and keeps the kids quiet for an hour and a half .
Shows some self-vindicating spunk and intelligence before it succumbs to a shortfall of ideas .
Even though it 's basically a 10-minute short puffed up to fill 80 minutes , Hoodwinked has laughs and plenty of them .
It 's horrible . It 's wretched . It 's Limburger pickled in castor oil .
Bit by bit , we fall asleep .
Little Red Riding Hood gets an extreme makeover .
While it does n't exactly break new ground , the movie is fast-paced and delivers lots of laughs aimed at both kids and adults , as well as some lively Looney Tunes-style action .
Features lackluster character design , so-so animation and only fitful bursts of cleverness .
It 's bound to disappoint grown-ups who 've been spoiled by the Pixar polish , but it 's certainly worth a gander down the road on DVD .
Everything appears generic and overly simplified , like something you would expect on Nickelodeon -- and that 's probably not giving Nickelodeon enough credit .
This is a bit too frantic for us , but kids will probably like it .
Feels as warmed over as day-old muffins in Little Red Riding Hood 's basket .
Feels uncannily like a too-chipper children 's computer game that has somehow become unlinked from its best feature , the interactive menu .
The visuals are passable . The story 's a lot of fun . And the story is what sells the movie .
A computer-animated feature that maintains a moderate level of cleverness without being the least bit engaging .
Filmmakers Cory and Todd Edwards are novices , which may explain why they settle for the easiest type of humor , parody , but they 're not very successful at it .
Does exactly what a police procedural should : keeps us guessing .
Joyously goofy and always witty .
Employs even more unexpectedly edgy wit than Shrek , another revisionist fairytale , minus the sophisticated -LRB- read : expensive -RRB- animation .
It 's a moderately enjoyable escapade that is n't quite clever enough for adults and not quite imaginative enough for children .
Take one modestly funny Bugs Bunny cartoon . Subtract three-fourths of the humor and the witty soundtrack . Add two songs about yodeling and two dozen non sequiturs . Multiply length by 10 . Now , if you 're smart , subtract yourself from the audience .
It takes place in a fantasy world whose cheaply rendered surfaces resemble Teletubbieland reupholstered with Naugahyde .
The narrative sloppiness is hardly helped by the unimpressive animation , which makes the characters seem bloated and blocky .
I would have loved to see what Pixar could have done with the material .
Sometimes funny but annoyingly self-conscious and opportunistic attempt to expand on the anachronistic fairy-tale comedy that energized the `` Shrek '' franchise .
Hoodwinked is a kick . Do n't take that to mean I think this fractured fairy tale of a family animated comedy is perfect , just take that to mean I had a very , very good time .
As animation , Hoodwinked is cute junk . As a comedy , it ekes out the minimum requirement of laughs .
Cory Edwards did a great job with a little seen style of computer animation and clever writing that bounces along for a quick and fun 80 minutes .
Hoodwinked is CSI meets the Brother Grimm . But as clever as its premise is , the animated feature ca n't quite maintain its wily sense of humor .
For those measuring their ages in single digits ...
Loud and rambunctious and more fun than it has any right to be .
Rashomon meets Spirited Away in a frenzied animated who-dunnit that dares the audience to join in the fun .
Too seldom clever , too often tiresomely busy , and wasteful of its voice cast , it 's Hoodwinked that is the crime .
Already a contender for the worst movie of 2006 .
... spoofing classic fairy tales is -LSB- an idea -RSB- almost as old as -LSB- its -RSB- animation techniques ...
It 's as if Hoodwinked was put together in some back alley with a Commodore 64 .
clever and funny , though overly corny in spots
... behind the candy colors and nostalgia-laced animation style is a tired tale that never comes to life .
Little Red Riding Hood gets deconstructed in this sub-Shrek bummer , the latest collaboration between computers and cynicism .
Thanks to the clever script and witty performances , this is as filled with goodies as Little Red 's basket .
Why would a distributor suddenly yank an animated family film from its intended wide December opening until mid-January ? Could it be that the advance word of mouth was n't very good-winked ?
This animated tale about ` what really happened ' among the Wolf , Grandma , Red and the Woodsman does n't excel in any department , from unspectacular computer animation to routine voice talent .
Hoodwinked is a delicious little basket of goodies , from its quick-witted humor to its colorful animation .
As marketing theory , Hoodwinked makes a little sense . Too bad , then , it 's so crummy .
It 's a sad case of Red opening up her goodie basket and finding that there 's nothing there .
It does n't rival the artistry of Pixar or DreamWorks , but it 's got an upstart charm , a clever premise , appealing characters voiced by a terrific cast and a script that should make you laugh out loud more than once .
Hoodwinked -- which is the latest cartoon recycling of that oft-told fairy tale Little Red Riding Hood -- may be a bit scrappy-looking , but it 's also pretty funny at times .
At least Hoodwinked is fun to look at when nondescript musical numbers or uninspiring characters fail to please .
Lacking a budget for big-time effects , the makers of Hoodwinked clearly had more time to work on the jokes .
The Shrek-style nudge-nudge jokes aimed at adults are tiresome .
Nearly every line of dialogue has been awkwardly tweaked into some sort of winking joke .
While the visuals , which seem a little blocky and outdated , are n't at all cutting-edge , parents will take a good story over elaborate graphics any day of the week .
-LSB- I -RSB- ts own unique monster , smart and witty and original ...
Hoodwinked 's most radical feature is that it 's a ride without heroes -- unless , that is , you count the filmmakers , who could end up doing for independent animation what Soderbergh and Tarantino did for indie film .
An irksome , postmodernist hodgepodge .
Re-imagining ` Little Red Riding Hood ' as a police procedural was done 40-odd years ago by Stan Freberg when it was called ` Little Blue Riding Hood . ' It was fresh then .
A clever animated film using ` Little Red Riding Hood ' to poke fun at modern police dramas and mysteries .
Finally , a Rashomon for the whole family . This cartoon version of ` Little Red Riding Hood ' tells and retells its story from a variety of perspectives , all of them boring .
There are two sides to every story , the saying goes , but in this super-Rashomon-meets-Shrek CGI contraption there are no less than five .
Hoodwinked ! may sound like a good idea , but if you go to see it , you may leave feeling snookered .
With or without the 3-D , `` Hoodwinked ! '' is a clever screwball take on the Little Red Riding Hood fable that speaks to the kid in all of us .
The animation may not be in the sophisticated and vibrant class of Pixar but the kooky comedy is viable enough to embrace the nuttiness of an ageless frivolous fable
It 's got a couple of clever ideas . I thought the animation was uninspired and it 's kind of forgettable .
The technical deficiencies could be overlooked if the story were great , but it 's merely average . It has laughs , and smiles , and a couple memorable characters , but it does n't have enough of any of those things .
Hoodwinked , what big stink you have .
An inventive , sweetly satirical , fun-filled family diverson .
should satisfy anyone who 's in the mood for a fairy tale with a sassy spin . ... it 's a pleasant comedy that 's generally as much fun to look at as it is to listen to .
Its overall merely passable pleasantness make the film almost instantly forgettable once it 's over .
Not much here for the adults but the small frys will like the quick dialogue and the stop-motion animation .
A very rare example of a non-Pixar/Aardman kiddie pic that adults might enjoy more than the youngsters .
Hoodwinked is an irreverent , hard-edged retelling of Little Red Riding Hood -- a high-energy , imaginative entertainment aimed at younger audiences .
The resulting ride is nearly irresistible .
It 's good for a laugh or three -- for both the kids and the adults .
A fast-paced , fitfully clever 3-D-animated feature that will entertain tykes but provide scant novelty for auds who 've had their fill of revisionist fairy tale gags and postmodern ` tude from the Shrek franchise .
-LSB- The film -RSB- gets hopelessly lost in the woods .
Delightful and inventively savvy . The year 's last animated film is also its best .
The animation style of Hoodwinked is dated by at least a handful of years , marked by that glassy smoothness that dominated previous generations of CGI .



@highlight

This fractured fairytale does n't have the wit or animation quality to compete with the likes of the Shrek franchise .