The dull and tedious splatter-fest See No Evil is , sadly , not even half as intriguing as its skuzzy pedigree .
Just your basic slasher fare where a horde of horny teens riddled with contemptuous attitude wind up in the lair of an ax-happy psycho .
Gore fans wo n't be disappointed .
It seems Dark and writer Dan Madigan have no better grasp of insect reproduction than they do of filmmaking .
... slightly more effective than your average not-screened-for-critics genre entry ...
O roteiro não traz uma única idéia original , sendo previsível do início ao fim -LRB- com exceção , talvez no que diz respeito ao destino de alguns personagens -RRB- . Ainda assim , o filme funciona graças à direção firme do ex-realizador pornô -LRB- ! -RRB- Gregory Dark .
full review in Greek
blows more than the acctresses in the directors old movies
It 's unoriginal with no rhyme or reason , and never takes advantage of its golden opportunity to provide us with an entertaining story .
A predictably gruesome compendium of splatter-movie clichés , See No Evil is a reprehensible exercise in lowest-common-denominator filmmaking that disgusts and bores in equal measure .
Sickeningly violent nonsense .
This rote exercise in slasher-film tedium holds zero surprises .
If it carries the faint odour of freshly carved teenage flesh , plus a soupcan of plucked eyeball , then you 've sniffed out See No Evil .
Devoid of suspense . I was bored .
You would think that a pornography director would be a decent fit for a slasher movie ... Yet Gregory Dark seems unable to make the transition .
A loathsome , repugnant slasher/thriller
So undeniably nightmarish it achieves its own ugly integrity ...
It 's deliberate exploitation , but not clever enough to be much fun .
Feels like an eternity , making one wish the killer would hurry up so that the end credits can roll and we could all be done with this bloody mess .
Although much blood is spilled and splattered , precious little suspense is generated during See No Evil .
If there were an award for mangiest set decoration , See No Evil -- a routine slasher film set in a condemned hotel -- might cop it .
The gilt-and-grime setting is eerily atmospheric , and screenwriter Dan Madigan has a nicely sick sense of humor .
See No Evil is proficient junk , which makes it something of an improvement over recent horrors like An American Haunting .
Nasty yet taut slice-and-dice - 'em horror flick .
Comes coated in several layers of sleaze and grime ...
Overall , fans of this type of horror film might appreciate See No Evil for the exploitation flick that it is but others will be let down as they will have seen it all before .
Manages to startle through the first half and snooze through the second .
Pure unadulterated garbage
There 's more random eye-plucking in See No Evil than in the Old Testament . While the image is undeniably repellent , it also quickly becomes rather dull .
... mostly an excuse for a butcher to carve up prime cuts of twentysomething meat in reverse order of cuteness .
... the extreme levels of gratuitous gore also make the picture ... difficult to recommend .
... the appropriately named Mr. Dark has no use for actors as anything other than body-bag fillers .
... generic and predictable ...
Outside the wrestling hook , See No Evil is a boilerplate bloodfeast featuring the usual mix of stylish camerawork and screaming sound cues .
The madman is played by the single-name professional wrestler Kane , who has all the acting skills of a fire hydrant . But why waste good acting on a contrived , unimaginative story ?
Grim , bloody and relentless , without even a spark of fun or intelligence , Evil is barely good enough for late-night cable .
It might be hard to imagine a career move that is a step down from directing porn videos , yet Gregory Dark has accomplished just that with his feature-film debut , See No Evil .
... I see no originality in See No Evil .
There 's a glaring lack of plot , characterization , plausible dialogue and decent acting .
With its run-down , abandoned setting , which is lousy with roaches , rats and flies , it 's just dark , dirty and gross .
As horror movies go , I 've seen a lot worse than See No Evil . Still , it 's a lackluster gore flick with a plot that has more holes than its evil madman leaves in his victims .
-LSB- A -RSB- blurry , smudged third-generation photocop -LSB- y -RSB- that ca n't even distinguish -LSB- itself -RSB- through attempts at pornographic excess .
The film 's grungy setting promises more suspense and thrills than actually materialize on screen .
Assuming there are no other credit cookies , the final image in See No Evil is a dog urinating in an eye socket . There could n't be a better way to describe the experience of watching this film .
Amateur Hour-and-a-Half ... It is n't fit for human consumption .
Faithfully derivative of the low-grade , entertainingly bad slasher items of two decades ago .
... -LSB- a -RSB- generically drab and diluted horror flick . -LSB- Kane 's -RSB- a hulking sadist with the stimulating moody disposition of a blunt meat hook .
... there 's the assembly-line predictability of it all .
At best , it 's an example of what not to do with your low-budget slasher flick .
First-timer Dan Madigan 's screenplay has the rhythms of a particularly simplistic video game ...
As shallow as a toilet bowl and twice as rank as its usual contents .
As misunderstood movie monsters go , Kane 's Jacob ca n't even get in the ring with bedeviled Quasimodo of ` The Hunchback of Notre Dame ' or even Frankenstein 's monster .
Save your money and just watch Smackdown instead -- even it has got to be more entertaining than this swill .
Anyone who truly wants to See No Evil should simply avoid this movie altogether .
Although there 's not nearly enough jolts , this is a workmanlike job .
It is n't the least bit scary -- a considerable liability for a horror film -- but it 's watchable in its own rancid , special little way .
The fact that See No Evil 's serial stalker is only slightly more horrifying than , say , Sloth from The Goonies is not exactly a good thing .
Sadly , Kane has all the cinematic presence of a shaved ape , and possesses acting skills that make Vin Diesel look like vintage 1974 Pacino .
It fails to be even a little inventive , and it 's not scary at all .

@highlight

See No Evil is packed with cliches from countless other teen slasher films , making for a predictable , scare-free waste of time .