The bulk of the work , filtered through the idiosyncratic lens of the global art-house , relays a peculiar impression of the city that is at once familiar and displaced .
18 shorts about love for mature art house fans
The most resonant moments in Paris , Je T'Aime happen to be the bleakest , and they 're about immigrants and other outsiders .
Alluring , all in all , and unfulfilling
Considering just how many cooks there were in the kitchen , Paris , je t ` aime came out with a pretty even feeling
It 's an uneven bag of love to be sure , but the hits outweigh the misses .
Paris , je t ` aime feels like a compilation of student films % u2014 imbued with a certain neophyte whimsy , vibrating with life and passion , and fresh in a way that can only come from unfettered enthusiasm .
A fantastic travelogue .
A masterful achievement , both as a film and as a heartfelt love letter to one of the world 's most romantic cities .
Generally , the comic pieces are sturdier than the abbreviated dramas . ... As might be expected , a couple of the chapters are misfires ... Happily , ` Paris ' saves some of its prime material for the last half-hour .
Splendid .
Finally , the city that has inspired so much love gets a love letter all its own .
... a charming ode to the title city , less because of how it celebrates Paris ' romantic reputation than for the way it lovingly tweaks that image .
A connoisseur 's delight : two hours of short films celebrating the most romantic city in the world .
Taken as a whole , Paris Je T'Aime slips down easily enough and offers a few whimsical smiles , but you may find yourself craving more substantial nourishment before the end .
This one is different and it 's charming .
You expect quality to vary from segment to segment , but the misses outweigh the hits by a depressingly high margin .
A slam-dunk for cineastes , romantics , and Francophiles .
Even the downbeat segments are optimistic , and that 's what unifies them .
Paris Je T'aime is a poignant and ultimately rewarding experience . It offers something for everyone , and provides an insightful , multi-cultural look at the City of Lights .
Offers a smorgasbord of distinct styles as it compiles an unprecedented movie mix tape of poetic interludes .
The bee 's knees , the cat 's pajamas and the lobster 's dinner shirt of movies currently playing .
For directors and actors who usually work on projects that take years to develop and months to film , this must have been a really fun lark . For the viewer , it 's a full cinematic feast .
Nothing about Paris , Je T'aime feels stiff or hindered by its haphazard , sometimes truncated , but always sincere love letter to and tour of the City of Lights .
A little uneven in style , tone and quality . But the picture that emerges of Paris is romantic , cosmopolitan and hopeful .
From comedy to drama , varied anthology is worth the trip .
Each short film runs an average of eight minutes , so even if you get stuck with a clunker , it 's not long before the next one starts .
If you love films -LRB- and Paris -RRB- then this omnibus edition is strongly recommended .
There 's something romantic about the big city , because with so many people in such a small space , something unexpected and joyful is bound to cross your path one day . And this is the precise mentality that makes -LSB- this movie -RSB- such a breath of fresh air .
This bittersweet love-letter to France 's capital is as richly cosmopolitan as the city itself .
Varied in tone and perspective , but also variable in narrative quality . But Paris je t ` aime offers at least as many hits as misses .
Its 18 vignettes show Paris as a big city like any other , with the attendant street crime and disparity between haves and have-nots . It 's just that the architecture , clothes and people are more handsome than in most cities .
Even the least tales here flit by quickly enough to leave little bad aftertaste , and the best are savored like the last small bites of exquisite soufflés .
The cream of this crop took the assignment to heart - to show not just being in love in Paris , but being in love with Paris .
The best segments are as good as film gets ; the losers can make you wince . On the whole , the good outweigh the bad and make the film feel like a minivacation in the City of Light .
There is just enough good stuff to outweigh the bad .
I suppose you can take the anthology as a sampling of Parisian atmospheres , but hardly anywhere is a place you 'd want to visit for long .
Paris Je T'aime is a charmer . It 's like a sampler plate of sweet confections , delightful but not very substantial , and with enough variety to please just about everyone .
The best is saved for last : Payne 's 14th arrondissement takes its time to create a Parisian epiphany that both pokes fun at an American tourist -LRB- Margo Martindale -RRB- and finds grace in her acceptance of a fragile moment of transcendence .
Many districts of the city open to as many directors , each finding vignettes of love or loss .
On paper , the film looks like a slam dunk , but that is n't the way it plays out . Perhaps it 's the time-limit constraints or maybe they just do n't care , but most of the directors are n't working at full speed .
In all their variations , with many of them graced by the presence of big-name actors , these 18 movies coalesce into an incandescent portrait of a city rife with possibilities for romance .
... modestly but richly sculpted pieces , a feeling carved out of a brief slice of time and place , the discreet suggestion of a relationship in just a couple of minutes .
Fascinating but shaky experiment .
The team effort is justified because love means something different to everyone , and the film presents its many faces as if filtered through an iPod shuffle .
There are a couple of unquestioned triumphs , a couple of unmitigated disasters and the rest fall somewhere in between the two extremes -- but it winds up being somewhat more satisfying in the end than many films of this type .
One of those anthology films that seems like a good idea but never quite works because it lacks the vision of one filmmaker to put it all together .
Not great filmmaking , but will be appreciated by Francophiles .
Anthologies can be uneven , and that is the case here . Some of these films do feel insubstantial . But others are rooted in the sorts of common experiences that will seem authentic to you , no matter where you live .
The result is that after two hours one gets the sense of having seen a panorama of human experience , of having witnessed a moment of time in all its true fullness .
Paris , je t ` aime builds into something quite wonderful .
It 's hard not to love Paris , Je t ` Aime . A valentine to the planet 's most romantic city , this delightful anthology of 18 short films will make you long to bid adieu to your humdrum existence and board the next plane to the City of Lights .
Split evenly between the inspired segments and those that fall flat , this ambitious omnibus is still worth watching .
With 18 pieces in all , there should be something here to tantalize everyone 's tastes , or at least prompt you to contact your travel agent to book a vacation .
Most features composed of sketches by different filmmakers are wildly uneven . This one is consistently mediocre , albeit pleasant and watchable .
As an ad for the city 's charms , Paris could n't have asked for a more sweetly jaundiced love letter .
In the generally deft new anthology film Paris je t ` aime , short films are like streetcars .
It is possible to bring substance , as well as poetry , to the vignette form , but more often Paris , Je T'Aime is merely mundane .
Paris is well worth the trip .
It 's an engaging sampler of different perspectives that never quite connect , but it does make you want to contact your travel agent as soon as possible .
You could n't call it perfect -- the episodes are uneven -- but it has something that sometimes is better than perfection : real love for its subject and themes .
Eighteen short films , each done by a different director with a different cast and set in a different neighborhood of Paris , Je T'aime is a remarkable achievement .
Alexander Payne strikes the same balance of snarky humor and sneaky empathy that has made his body of work so distinct in contemporary American cinema .
-LSB- Glen -RSB- Hassard and -LSB- Marketa -RSB- Irglova , newcomers to feature film , show both natural acting skills and terrific musical ability .
A scattered pastiche of petite vignettes that displays a frenetic charm .
The results are uneven , but with each segment focused on a different arrondissement and only about five minutes in length , one does not have to linger in any neighborhood -- good or bad -- for very long before its time to move on .
Payne 's film alone would be worth the price of admission .
Suspended rather delightfully between art film and touristy bonbon , Paris , Je T'aime is , unsurprisingly , a tribute to a city that everybody loves .
Wildly , frustratingly uneven .
Next to Google Earth , this is the coolest way to get an overview of the City of Light and its particular je ne sais quoi .
It 's not sexy or stylish or glamorous or any of the things you might assume Paris would be before going there . But of all the segments that comprise the film , it comes the closest to depicting honestly what it feels like to fall in love .
This frequently enchanting omnibus movie -- a collection of 18 short films set in various resonant precincts of the City of Light -- radiates international star power .
If you 've ever wondered why so many people go so moony over the City of Lights , then this breezy postcard is an excellent place to start .
... displays the same virtues and vices of any anthology film , but magnified by the sheer number of contributors .
God Bless Alexander Payne , the only director who actually embraces the collection 's title as inspiration ... and makes us fall in melancholy , vicarious love .
This is a film for people who love film ...
There seems to be something in Paris air or water that encourages compendium filmmaking -- multiple characters and multiple stories . Paris , Je T'Aime may be the grandest such work currently on view .
The best episodes , however , have the emotional resonance of full-length features , and yet I did n't want them to be a moment longer than they are .
Anthology films usually work better in theory than execution , but this feature parade of shorts is a blithe , worldly , and enchanting exception .
After having seen the 18 pieces that made the final cut , I ca n't help wondering on what grounds the two rejected works were judged unworthy .
A valentine to the City of Light , Paris , Je T'Aime threatens no electrical power outages , but it does leave a nice candlelight glow .
A novel experiment which one hopes will be tried again soon .
A fantastic trip to the City Of Lights thru the eyes of some of the world 's greatest stars and filmmakers . A memorable movie experience like no other .
Luckily , Paris , Je T'Aime contains a few good films among its total whiffs .
You never know what you 'll get , but it will always look ravishing .
Some shorts work . Others do n't . It is fascinating , though , to see which ones do , and why .
Bittersweet , funny , sad and invariably romantic , the anthology film Paris , Je T'aime strings together 20 five-minute vignettes to create a pulsating mosaic of the neighborhoods of the City of Light .
If you 've ever been to Paris , the picture 's varied takes on the City of Lights is seeped in reverie . If you have n't , Paris je t ` aime serves as a enticing invitation .
Practically giddy with energy .
For this kind of omnibus movie a success rate of two out of three is a pretty high batting average . There are no home runs , however , only doubles , singles and coy little bunts .
It 's like having the sampler plate at a restaurant : it never feels quite like a real meal , yet can be delicious just the same .
It manages to leave you feeling buoyed and grinning ; sort of like what an easygoing week 's vacation in Paris might induce -- along with occasional torpor , frenzy , melancholy and surprises .
Eighteen short stories in 120 minutes is almost too much to take but this film seems to bind them all together , somehow , with love .
A delightful and varied glimpse of men and women grappling with love , meaning , and loss in various neighborhoods of Paris .
Paris , Je T'aime 's brimming declaration of love to the City of Lights leaves one breathless but dissatisfied .
Paris , je t ` aime is not a movie , it 's a playlist , and that 's why you should resist the temptation to see it in the theater .
While too fleeting in grace to be a great movie , Paris Je T'aime does however reward the hope offered with this prestigious cast and crew .
Typical of such compilations , results tend to vary wildly .
This is a very French cinematic concept , sometimes charming , sometimes obtuse , sometimes irritating and often risky ; just like the French themselves , although the directors are not all French .
The emphasis is on the light and airy , with the delightful and surprising outnumbering the numbing .
Like all anthologies , this 18-segment-omnibus , basically a love letter to Paris as City of Lights and Romance , is uneven but it 's amusing to see the text and subtext of stories that reveal as much about their directors ' ideas as their chosen quarters .
The result is an uneven and unwieldy hodgepodge of visions and styles that collectively carry a faint whiff of futility .
Taken as a whole , it 's a remarkably textured look at the City of Lights .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Un film colectivo irregular , con segmentos olvidables , otros muy bizarros , y algunos realmente sorprendentes .
Uneven but quite pleasant .
-LSB- A -RSB- pleasing jumble of stories about love in Paris .







@highlight

Paris Je T'aime is uneven , but there are more than enough delightful moments in this omnibus tribute to the City of Lights to tip the scale in its favor .