The ghastly straightforwardness of the proposition itself makes a thrilling start , but the complications that follow result in a film which rivals Deliverance in terms of mounting tension .
L'Enfant shows a world that remains under the radar for most people , yet proves that growing up - however long it takes - is anything but child 's play .
Another terrific , ultra-realistic family drama fom the talented Dardenne brothers , winner of Cannes Film Fest top prize .
A masterpiece
Although `` L'Enfant '' won the coveted Palme d' Or at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival , it is a grossly disappointing movie .
Unfolding in real time on the scruffy working-class streets of industrial Belgium , this harrowingly intense odyssey charts Bruno 's desperate search for redemption .
the Dardennes have managed to concoct an engaging and often suspenseful drama without ever calling upon fancy camerawork , sensational performances , or even so much as a musical score .
Adequate , to be sure , but far from extraordinary .
It does n't need a lot of dialogue . It is able to deliver its message in almost purely cinematic terms .
A film about roads and cell phones , decaying buildings and people who ought to be budding , indifference masked by buffoonery , the belief that money just floats around .
An exploration of the existence of morality -- where does it come from , especially in a world as cold as what 's presented here ?
Un baldazo de realidad que confirma a los hermanos Dardenne como dos sensibles observadores de personajes marginales .
It 's a thin story and the film is unremarkable in cinematic terms , except for the tension that the Dardennes manage to maintain , thanks to top performances from Jérémie Renier and Déborah François
`` L'Enfant '' follows in their fierce and unsparing tradition , a tale of a destitute young couple under extraordinary pressure from without and within .
Absolutely terrific .
In the end , the film itself may be of less consequence than the emotions it stirs up in the viewer . Can we forgive the unforgivable ? Should we ?
A genuine tale of redemption .
Its story appears simple , but L'Enfant offers subtle insights into Bruno 's behavior as it progresses .
A simple moral fable told with compassion and nerve .
The journey and character evolution of Bruno is subtle and believable , thanks to Renier 's performance .
-LSB- The Dardennes -RSB- break down whatever barriers a more formal film might have offered the audience for protection .
many will exit humming Peggy Lee 's ` Is That All There Is ? '
Story thrives on how realistic , unsentimental , bleak and penetrating it is .
Apesar de todas as falhas de caráter do protagonista , ainda torcemos por sua redenção % u2013 uma proeza que o filme alcança sem maniqueísmos .
What is astonishing , and most admirable , is the way the filmmakers manage to create sympathy for this pathetic loser .
L'Enfant marks the first time that -LSB- the Dardennes -RSB- seem interested in projecting more than just art-school indifference .
... as much a tone poem as Bresson 's Balthazar : Bruno is a donkey as well as a child , and his redemption is uncertain .
An observant and effective study in character and setting , suitably grave and distinctively realized .
Every act in the film has a mythic resonance .
A searing work about a severely flawed person 's heartbreaking stabs at redemption .
I found myself grudgingly admiring the film on a technical level while being slightly annoyed with it on an emotional level .
Another engrossing character study worthy of recommendation from the Dardennes
The story of a convincing and well-drawn prick whose redemption does n't feel earned .
Hooks you in with its near-inconceivable but sadly realistic premise and tugs you along by the tightened heart strings . Although it devolves into traditional formula , the film still retains intrigue with its impenetrable central character .
L' Enfant is a dire and daunting character study and relationship drama set among the underclass in an industrial Belgian bleakness ...
It 's not -LSB- the Dardennes ' -RSB- finest work -LRB- which would be 1999 's shattering drama Rosetta -RRB- , but is still a worthy addition to an impressive resume .
No one is likely to leave L'Enfant unaffected by the Dardennes incisive exploration of the consequences of a world where some of its citizens have found a way to rationalize , and even ignore , what was if not unimaginable , at least unforgivable .
A gritty slice of real life , relentlessly in focus , though always humane .
Told without sentiment or an excess of didacticism , the story of redemption among the urban underclass carries considerable power but never becomes a truly searing experience .
Like all the Dardennes ' films , L'Enfant is a vivid , Dickensian report from the most dispossessed precincts of society .
Could be that the Brothers are getting either bored of their shtick or fond of their reputation .
L'Enfant is more than just a morality play . It is an investigation of the societal forces that create such misguided people , such overgrown children .
... intrigues with its small observations of what makes people tick .
` L'Enfant ' is not an easy film to watch , but I did find it fascinating and worthwhile .
While it does n't measure up to such past -LRB- Palme d'Or -RRB- winners as ` Pulp Fiction ' and ` The Pianist ' , it does have a certain attraction for the viewer once it gets into its central story .
Bruno is a classic character from the pen of Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne , the Belgian filmmakers who find beauty and redemption in the direst of circumstances .
As a slice-of-miserable-life drama , L'Enfant is no picnic . But that is the value of a Dardenne film . The brothers indulge in social and cinematic realism , obliging us to look closely at the unwatchable .
The miracle of the filmmakers ' work would seem to be the perfectly struck performances of the leads .
Here is a film where God does not intervene and the directors do not mistake themselves for God . It makes the solutions at the ends of other pictures seem like child 's play .
Without a lot of overheated action , the consequences of Bruno 's behavior cloud the next few hours of his life . The character is a surprise as both a dramatic creation and a human being .
If you think Britney and Michael were careless with their babies , you have n't seen anything yet .
Belgian filmmakers Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne are masters of naturalistic drama in which characters reveal themselves through a grimace or a gesture , rather than artfully scripted speeches .
The beauty of -LSB- Dardennes ' -RSB- movies , much like Flannery O'Connor 's stories , is that they think no one is beyond rescue .
The film belongs to Jeremie Renier and Deborah Francois .
If you 've never seen a Dardenne picture , this is the one you should rush to see . 5 out of 5 stars
Renier is a tiger , clawing into the character with teeth filed to razor sharpness only to have the weight of his morally heinous decisions dull them to cub-like nubs .
As a character study it delivers the goods , fraught with the sweet tension and painful heartbreak of coming of age and living on the edge .
Everything about L'Enfant feels devastatingly real .
For all the squalor and extremely upsetting subject matter , you ca n't take your eyes off the screen . The Dardennes have a gift of finding a sort of beauty in ugliness .
There is a probing awareness and conscience in the Dardenne films , without schoolbook lessons tapped onto our thick foreheads , though the emphasis on ethics could put their work on a shelf near the elegant works of Eric Rohmer and even Robert Bresson .
Even for a useless criminal , Bruno is just not a compelling personality . Unreadable lumps generally are n't .
Deceptively simple , stripped to the bare necessities , it quietly dramatizes the consequences of lying , cheating and stealing in a way that takes your intelligence for granted .
L'Enfant nudges both its protagonist and its audience toward unlikely affection .
L'Enfant is certainly a skillful , engaging movie , but a step backward for this talented team .
The Dardennes ' eye for detail and feel for character rhythms give it an authenticity , and their compassion and belief in redemption give us a reason to care .
More likely to elicit shrugs than applause from the audience .
By recording events with such detailed dispassion , the Dardennes avoid undue melodramatics . Consequently , this Palme d'Or-winning confirmation of the world 's cruelty remains unflinchingly powerful .
Preachy , overly symbolic and worst of all , dull .
Focuses on an irresponsible couple who nonetheless gain our sympathy .
Throughout this raw , often brilliant drama , the Dardennes refuse to judge these deeply flawed characters .
The Dardennes waste no time involving the audience in the narrative , through both their hand-held , cinema verité style of filming and by having events take place in real time .
The intimacy the directors achieve with their actors is nothing short of uncanny : Renier and François go about their business with such naturalness and determination , you forget there are performances going on .
The Dardennes ' documentary style -- real locations , hand-held camerawork and no music -- help increase not only the realism , but the claustrophobia .
It 's expertly directed in a low-key , naturalistic way that brings to mind French auteur Robert Bresson . It 's also emotionally forceful and contains heartbreaking performances by Jeremie Renier as Bruno and Déborah François as Sonia .
This is a movie about the kind of everyday miracle we all need to believe can happen -- how the tiniest glimmer of human connection can lead the most miserable specimen out of darkness .
Focuses on the here and now , the possibility that all human beings have within them compassion , remorse and the capability to sacrifice their own interests for another .
Renier does more with one expression than most actors do with their whole kit . It 's fun , infuriating and uplifting and it 's never boring . Great flick .
Plain-good storytelling : rigorous acting , handheld urgency , and editing prowess render the whiff of manipulation moot .
L'Enfant becomes like one of those nightmares where someone does something terrible , then tries to make it right , then gets into a bigger and bigger mess .
The minimalist tone may be an acquired taste -- which might be why -LSB- the Dardennes ' -RSB- films have been overlooked at the Oscars but awarded the Golden Palm twice .
The exceptional thing about L'Enfant is how intensely dramatic the film makes the consequences of Bruno 's choice .
The filmmakers let many scenes linger too long but manage to achieve a sense of realism that occasionally packs dramatic punch . A likable -- not lovable -- Child .
meatier than anything that 's likely to be released this year
What interests the Dardennes ... is not only how Bruno became the kind of man who would sell a child as casually as a slab of beef , but also whether a man like this , having committed such a repellent offense , can find redemption .
François gives a marvelously expressive performance as Sonia .
The slyly generic title of Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne 's L'Enfant -LRB- The Child -RRB- suggests ample room for doubt about who 's the real kid in their new film .
Unlike the great foreign films of old , L'Enfant makes catharsis look easy .
L'Enfant is a forceful , impassioned and unsparing triumph from Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne .
Viewers in Europe have swooned , it is said , at this movie 's painful inching toward redemption . Against that , I have to report a slow drip of disappointment .
For all its bleakness , the latest film from the Dardenne brothers offers hope and you 'll take away from it how much you have to be thankful for .
An example of how cinema has the power to convince , to move and to compel with the fewest possible material resources .
A gritty fairy tale about repentance that starts out small and gradually grows in power and intensity , as if by magic , until you 're feeling as panicked and desperate as its protagonist .
François is heartbreaking in her debut role - here 's hoping the Belgian film industry takes note and we see more of her in future .
Bland and predictable .
With Belgian auteurs the Dardenne brothers behind the camera , there are deeper levels to explore in another stark but gripping construction of social realism .
A particularly unlikeable protagonist , the sky-high expectations that come with a Palme d'or and the distinct sensation of `` been there , seen that '' ...
Although it 's safe to say that the film is as entertaining as it is distressing , this is bog-standard Dardennes at best , and questionable as a Palme D'or winner .
A rigorously austere masterpiece infused with intense humanism .
There was a lot of grumbling after L'Enfant was screened for critics .
Does not present any convincing evidence that Bruno is either so dense or so uncaring as to be remotely capable of selling his son on a whim
Like Spike Lee 's 25th Hour , L'Enfant focuses on the redemption of a sinner , but it 's debatable whether L'Enfant really earns its teary finale .
A sad social commentary in the style of Robert Bresson .
A lethargic , often slovenly chore .
A miracle .
A hard-hitting and involving morality tale about the thief in the heart of a greedy young man .
The infant grabs hold of the viewer 's heart with his sheer vulnerability and dependence on parents who are only beginning to learn how to take care of themselves .
Those masters of small-scale realism , Belgian brothers Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne , have created yet another beautifully acted , exquisitely observed morality tale .
The remarkable thing about the Dardennes is their complex single-mindedness . Each film is an odyssey -LRB- toward grace ? -RRB- in a world that could hardly seem more material .




@highlight

The Dardennes continue to excel at presenting works of rigorous naturalism , with detached observations of authentic characters that nevertheless resonate with complex moral issues .