A pleasant enough diversion , The Hero ... nevertheless sinks into a mire of clichés from which it never quite escapes .
Despite some reservations , the strong performances by Sam Elliot and Laura Prepon are enough to give this romantic drama a pass .
This is an intense , quiet movie .
Doubling as a fine critique of modern day Hollywood , The Hero is a terrific piece of counter-programming for those who prefer their long summer evenings blockbuster-free .
It 's a small film that effectively pleases even if it ca n't sell us everything it 's selling .
Sam Elliott delivers a shining performance in The Hero as Lee Hayden .
More than any other actor I can think of , Sam Elliott is the epitome of a hero .
-LSB- Elliot 's -RSB- a pleasure to watch , but a little more movie would have been welcome , too .
If Sam Elliott was n't in it , The Hero would feel like a slog .
Not a lot happens in The Hero . Yet it is a deeply affecting warts-and-all rumination on thwarted ambitions , failed marriages and filial relationships gone sideways .
There are no surprises here , and the whole affair is a bit too modest . But Elliott 's voice and his face have a lived-in quality that is unforgettable . The actor makes The Hero an enjoyable , worthy drama .
Rarely has a mainstream film taken as unflinching a look at aging and illness without losing its sense of humor .
Most of all , it benefits from the presence of Sam Elliott , still abiding after all these years .
Elliott and Prepon effortlessly navigate the script 's occasionally clunky or clichéd moments , and I repeat that their May-December romance is n't the usual contrived stuff . They 're the genuine article .
Compassionate , character-driven story , drenched with melancholy , as Sam Elliott delivers an understated , yet Oscar-caliber performance .
Having not seen all of Elliott 's performances over his 50-year career , I ca n't say definitively that this is his best . But it sure feels like it .
There are n't too many surprises here , but oh that voice .
Quiet , personal and refreshingly introspective .
The Hero is watchable , but outside of Elliott , there is n't much to put Haley 's film at the top of your must-see list .
It 's easy to enjoy a Sam Elliott performance .
Elliott follows up a string of strong supporting work in recent indie films like `` I 'll See You in My Dreams , '' and `` Grandma '' with a layered central performance , one of his best in years .
... -LSB- features -RSB- strong performances , beautiful cinematography -LRB- the Los Angeles coast has never looked better than it does through Rob Givens ' lens -RRB- , and a screenplay willing explore what it means to suddenly become aware of your own mortality .
Elliott deserves a truly great movie if he 's going to take a victory lap , not this mushy bit of hero worship .
It 's one of his finest and most memorable performances . Unfortunately , the script fails to rise to the level of Elliott 's artistry .
Apparently , some dictionaries do n't go past archetype .
Sam Elliott 's low-key masculinity is showcased in The Hero , a dreary character study without much else to recommend it .
For diehard Sam Elliott fans , think of this as a bookend to his 1976 cult picture , Lifeguard , in which he played a beach hunk contemplating the meaning of it all .
Two good things are not enough to goose this all-too-familiar tale of a selfish man who wakes up one day , realizes that he blew it and scrambles to fix it before it 's too late .
The script around him does n't do Elliott or the character justice , and is a missed opportunity at a late-in-life comeback role for the one-time Western star .
Elliott may deserve the attention , but he also deserves a vehicle worthy of his talent -- and your ticket money .
In a long , distinguished career full of great performances , Sam Elliott gives one of his best here .
Elliott walks through the tale with such lightness and grace that it 's a joy just to watch him do it .
Is there an American actor of more meaningful solitude than Sam Elliott ?
Haley gave Elliott the gift of this career-defining role and Elliott returns the favor by giving a career-best performance .
Elliott does some of his finest work in one of the best movies in his career , a drama that feels like a biography .
Elliott carries The Hero with what appears to be minimal effort , but rest assured , there 's a deceptive weight to his resigned character .
By never challenging the terms of Hayden 's self-imposed misery , The Hero never resolves whether Hayden needs a second chance when he , perhaps , had a very good first one .
Elliot plays it all just perfectly .
You can feel in The Hero how much Haley wanted to build something substantial for this underused actor .
Nothing terribly novel here , but director Brett Haley has assembled a strong cast and a generous spirit , and Elliott has a way of finding poetry in silent gaze , speaking his lines as if written on velvet .
Elliott 's voice is magic , filled with wisdom and experience , a craggy baritone that says gravitas with every clearly enunciated syllable . You could listen to him all day -- and want to , but in a less pedestrian environment than what Haley provides
A beautiful love letter to one of our most cherished actors .
The Hero , is a beautiful , majestic film , providing Elliott the superb late-career role that his character struggles to find for himself .
Of course the main selling point is Sam Elliott aka Lee Hayden . I do n't even know who makes that barbecue sauce Lee is touting at the beginning of the film or whether it 's really good or just mass-produced glop , but based on that voiceover , I 'd buy it .
Engages at the conscious and the subliminal level , finding a connection with the audience that goes beyond words , but also celebrating the power of the right words spoken at the right moment .
Veteran Elliott delivers career high performance . Prepon is captivating . Ritter seethes as estranged daughter .
The only element giving the material any weight is our appreciation for Elliott -- as a presence and in the unbridled sincerity of his performance .
This is a real movie about real people doing real things and facing real problems .
The well-worn plot is ultimately not as important as the simpler , moment-to-moment pleasures of hanging out with Elliott .
Might be little more than a familiar tale of a man looking back regretfully at past mistakes and trying to redeem himself in his twilight hours , but -LSB- Elliott -RSB- makes it watchable-if only just .
Even at its most contrived , `` The Hero '' exerts a soothing attraction not unlike the man at its center .
Elliott invests his character with such authority that the movie resounds like a pair of bootheels .
There 's hardly a surprise in it . But Sam Elliott is in it , and that makes a big difference .
`` The Hero '' may not be a great movie but it 's a welcome tribute to a lanky , taciturn presence - a love letter to an actor that reminds us of why we ought to love him , too .
`` The Hero '' is a film about renewal , about an unexpected rebirth that does n't come easy and can never be complete but that represents a recommitment to life , nonetheless .
`` The Hero '' belongs to Sam Elliott in his full bodied performance as the once famous star who tries to find a new life , even as the end draws near .
Elliott , who , despite that voice , does most of his acting here with his eyes , is quietly effective , and so , in what could have been a queasy role , is Prepon .
Brett Haley -LRB- `` I 'll See You in My Dreams '' -RRB- looks at aging and romance from the male perspective in his second film , which unfortunately is a far more formulaic , cliche-ridden outing than his first ... But Elliott is always worth watching
-LSB- The Hero -RSB- is about fifty years and one cancer diagnosis away from retelling any other rote story about a talented-yet-struggling actor hoping to make it in Hollywood .
For those of us women who have been a little in love with Sam Elliott all these years , `` The Hero '' should be on your `` See It Now ! '' list .
`` The Hero '' could have devolved into a maudlin melodramatic heap , but the writing has Lee handling his life challenges realistically and sympathetically .
Elliot not only conveys complicated emotions with just a look from that expressive face but his deep voice sounds like the echoes of decades of life resonating off the walls of time .
Director Brett Haley manages to take an underused subject , i.e. a character over 70 , and make a movie that 's deeply soulful and sweetly easygoing .
If The Hero works at all , it 's because Elliott brings a measure of emotional truth to even the most sentimental of plot developments , and because Haley exudes such warm patience for his lead actor 's rhythms and cadences .
It 's rare that a character actor gets this kind of showcase , and Elliott confirms that he 's more than capable of handling center stage .
The deliberately paced film treads familiar territory yet achieves a modest emotional resonance without settling for cheap sentimentality .
You will almost assuredly leave The Hero knowing that -LSB- Sam Elliott -RSB- is a bona fide national treasure .
Elliott could sell us anything , or course -- barbecue sauce , whatever -- just by showing up and being his formidable , glorious self . But he could use some meatier material .
Without Lee 's complicity in the triteness of his story - and Mr. Elliott 's ability to sell it as a melancholy burden - this low-key feature by Brett Haley would n't be half as pleasurable .
Elliott 's droll delivery and laconic charm are very much in evidence ; he probably could n't turn them off if he tried , though `` The Hero '' leaves you wondering if maybe he should have .
Most of its plot elements are overly familiar , but they 're invigorated by Elliott 's easygoing performance and the way Haley deploys them in explicit homage to his muse .
While Elliott is great in The Hero , the rest of the film is curiously inert and predictable .
Haley , who co-wrote the script with Marc Basch , brings enough understated sympathy to Lee 's character to make the picture work -- it throws off a gentle , sweet-spirited energy .
A film that generously gives Elliott one of the few lead roles of his lengthy career , but mostly asks him to embody clichés , without providing any sense of how he might improve upon them .
-LSB- Elliott -RSB- remains genuine and absorbing throughout . The supporting performances are right on target . But the actors deserve more to work with .
A portrait of an old actor facing his mortality , flaws , heartbreak , and regrets .
Sam Elliott has the role of his career . Period .
An elegiac Elliott is better than the melodramatic but still moving movie that surrounds him .
Brett Haley 's follow-up to I 'll See You in My Dreams is powered by a similar sweetness , as well as a stellar performance from Sam Elliott .
Sam Elliott 's calmly affecting performance is overwhelmed by a doggedly conventional screenplay that often plays like end-of-life wish-fulfillment fantasy .
Director Haley 's intention by having his hero staring wistfully into the distance may be to show that his film about a has-been movie personality is art , but while Sam Elliott 's performance is soulful , the film 's plot is hackneyed .
Haley strains too hard for profundity at times , but Elliott 's pitch-perfect performance is one for the books
Sam Elliott is pitch perfect in this film about facing mortality feeling unfinished .
The film itself is as understated as the western stars it so clearly idolizes . Always consistent but never quite breaking out into anything different .
The Hero is a great vehicle for Sam Elliott . He fully commits to the performance but the script is very contrived drama .
A great star-turn from the perennially underrated Sam Elliot .
Alas , the movie mostly falls apart when it has to start putting an actual story together , presenting and resolving conflicts , that kinda thing .
Haley 's movie is marred by a clear limit to its poetry , and the way it has little tact with references to the title star .
Elliott 's a master of understatement , and just watching him stare off into the distance , mulling mortality with a weathered cowboy stance , is true cinematic Zen .
With Elliott front and center of every scene , `` The Hero '' pulls off the kind of acting showcase that its fictional star can never achieve .
A bittersweet celebration of life , with laughs and tears in equal measure .
This particular movie allows us a profound , sweet glimpse into this man 's dreams , and in a world dominated by explosively loud cinema , this quietly poetic trip speaks volumes .
Sam Elliott proves he 's more than just a rugged Western icon in The Hero , a lovely comedy-drama about a lifetime of achievement .
`` The Hero '' is a resonant depiction of a man fearlessly reckoning with his life , his image and most importantly , his heart . Sam Elliott could not be more compelling .
Instead of the usual page-per-minute of screen time , this film feels like a 30-page script stretched to 90-odd minutes .
Sam Elliott 's smoky , whiskey-soaked baritone is one of American cinema 's undervalued treasures ... It pretty much rescues Brett Haley 's ... The Hero , cutting clean through the film 's pile of clichés with its gruff feeling and wry , weary wit .

@highlight

The Hero rests on Sam Elliott 's understated performance , which proves more than capable of carrying the film through the less inspired moments of its somewhat clichéd story .