Unlike frenetic movies focused on the next laugh , this tender film does not aim at children and hope to bring adults along . Rather , it offers something for each member of the family , blending a sad but ultimately hopeful storyline and some cute animals .
We Bought a Zoo wo n't change your life , but it will provide two hours of lovely , slightly whimsical escapism .
We Bought a Zoo certainly wins this year 's prize for most mediocre , heartwarming family film to win over audiences this holiday season .
Crowe 's emotional maturity is Benjamin Button , aging in reverse . Unfortunately , this means that We Bought a Zoo is an excruciating film for anyone not wearing rose-colored glasses .
One of the movie 's best teachings is the concept that if one commits to '20 seconds of insane , embarrassing courage , ' to attain what one desires , good things always come of it . An instant kid classic .
Since `` We Bought a Zoo '' does n't have much on offer , it could and should have at least been a more pointed reminder for us to rediscover nature and support local zoos .
Crowe , who aims high to plant a big smile on your face , does so here more than competently .
Packed with too many storylines , this drama feels like a zoo indeed .
... this is packed with all the warmth , heart and humanity that one has come to expect from a Cameron Crowe film .
A muddled focus keeps We Bought a Zoo from being a guaranteed hit with kids or a captivating adult drama but there are enough compelling moments to make it worthwhile .
In short , We Bought a Zoo is all bore and no roar , and while it 's certainly not the worst of Crowe 's career , it 's far from earning its stripes as a worthy successor to his earlier films .
Might be a stereotypical ` family movie , ' but it 's still a good one .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The film is a button-pusher , but it is so in the nicest way possible .
A few more animal encounters and fewer grief sessions would have been nice , but it 's still a solid family film .
Suffers from a case of schizophrenia ; some of it is waaay too simple , cutesy and/or sappy for adults , while other scenes are too intense and adult for children .
It 's something of a sweet-natured slog , peppered , as all of Crowe 's films are , peppered with the pop music the former pop music journalist loves .
It unfolds like military assault on the tear ducts . Do n't know when to cry ? Here comes Sigur Rós ' Jónsi with an evocative sonic swoop to help you on your way .
A mushy metaphor for what it takes to bring a `` Cameron Crowe movie '' to the big screen .
There is no harm in it and not a single surprise .
The shameless manipulation on display here makes one wonder where Cameron Crowe 's talent has gone .
While the creatures may be dangerous , Jerry Maguire director Cameron Crowe definitely plays things safe .
You have to admire the thoroughness with which We Bought a Zoo - which is the film Disney would make if they still knew how - caters to the whole family .
Superficially very charming , this lacks depth but is still a pleasant and moving distraction .
We Bought A Zoo is Crowe at his most mawkish and cliched .
For all the movie 's cute kids and sentimentality , -LSB- Damon -RSB- is the warm-hearted and convincing heart of this uplifting flick .
It 's an easy-going , likable film .
-LSB- A -RSB- cute comedy drama inspired by a true story .
I always look forward to watching director Cameron Crowe 's films or should I say listen to his superior soundtracks . For this former Rolling Stone journalist , music and movies were simply born to run .
The film lost me at `` hallo '' .
The movie is pretty , sticky , thoroughly innocuous , and quite nice .
You can literally see Bourne star Matt Damon enjoying himself at the centre of this heartwarming family movie - and it will make all the difference to your appreciation of it , too .
A warm , Sunday-afternoon-in-the-park type of movie , if that 's your thing .
It 's engaging enough to keep us watching , but never finds any real focus .
The picture may be too wholesome and twee for fans ' of the director 's edgier work like Almost Famous but it deserves to be a big hit with families .
It is n't the wildest safari you 'll ever go on , but it has plenty of attractions to offer less cynical visitors .
Nicely written and featuring a great soundtrack , this is an unashamedly feel-good drama with terrific performances from a superb cast .
Thanks to Crowe 's steady hand and a talented , likeable cast , it is an appealing and family-friendly confection .
Crowe , to his credit , is more concerned with insights about family than romance - and some of these are heart-on-sleeve touching if you 've got a sweet tooth for the stickier stuff .
Despite Crowe 's integrity and lightness of touch does n't deliver the emotional experience of , say , Jerry Maguire or Almost Famous . Still , it is good to have the righteous dude back .
Directed by the Norman Rockwell of the classic-rock set , Cameron Crowe , this overdetermined and painfully protracted movie needs more animals and less bathos -LRB- ` Their happy 's too loud , ' the sad/wise little girl complains about some partying neighbors -RRB- .
It 's slight , sure , and there 's a better , less-glossy film buried in the material , but warm performances redeem Crowe 's agreeable return .
Crowe simply remembers how to make a sweet story . He allows his huge heart to prevail in a moving coda that , while manipulative , helped me buy into this sentimental tone poem to simple destiny .
Ultimately , it is the final 30 minutes that won me over . It is during this stretch that Crowe begins clicking on all cylinders , and while the film sticks to its family-friendly roots it achieves an informal universality that 's close to perfect .
... the sort of slovenly assembled , paint-by-numbers time waster that does n't even seem able to hold the director 's attention .
The soundtrack 's FM '70s rock classics seem like leftovers from one of Crowe 's other movies ... or maybe one of his Rolling Stone cover stories .
We Bought a Zoo , '' based on a true story , is an outstanding show that could , and should , bring in herds of viewers . It centers on a man who really did buy a zoo with 200 animals , on his children and on the staff that became their second family .
There 's an endearing , almost Fitzcarraldo-like irrational obsession to his character that keeps you from rolling your eyes as he continues his silly quest to indulge his ego .
Nothing that happens in this movie is in the least surprising , but it 's all quite pleasant and even , at times , moving .
Some cute animal moments , but the flat human characters do not ring true .
I was gon na say that whatever edge Cameron Crowe once had is officially gone , if he 's now giving us pallid , pleasant sitcoms . But suddenly I 'm starting to wonder if Crowe ever had any edge at all .
The movie has animals , kids and fine acting from Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson , but it lacks the emotional honesty and unpredictability that made Crowe 's early films so irresistible .
`` We Bought A Zoo '' , based on a true story , is a bit sappy , but it is a Matt Damon vehicle , and he rarely tackles a project that does n't have some redeeming social value .
There are some sins of overt manipulation here , but in large part due to Matt Damon 's ability to make his character 's grief real , the movie ultimately succeeds .
Family film tackles grief with humor and deep empathy .
Damon and Colin Ford as his teen son have an affecting hesitancy , their hearts hovering between the living and the dead .
For the holidays it does come packaged very well and kids will love the idea of living in the backyard of a zoo , but for some adults it misses the mark .
Matt Damon is at his most relatable best in a film that has heart , drama and passion
Zoo is contrived but sweet .
The picture annoys you , but it also wrings happy tears , because Crowe pulls at your heartstrings in crafty ways .
Affectionate and amusing , it 's uplifting , feel-good family entertainment .
If you like heartwarming-not cloying-stories about decent people , and hope to leave the theater feeling better than you did when you walked in , We Bought a Zoo will be a welcome cup of holiday cheer .
Clearly , Crowe does n't trust the audience to make it from Point A to Point B without stumbling or getting lost .
Like a real zoo experience , it has enough charms and winning moments to make it enjoyable enough during the actual visit . -LRB- Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
One of what is becoming a crowded seasonal field of movies with something to appeal to each of several generations . . A confident , entertaining movie .
This is a good , old-fashioned family movie grounded in Matt Damon 's best-ever performance .
Minus the corn , it 's almost good .
Writer-director Cameron Crowe manages to take what could have been a maudlin disaster and turn it into a workable film .
Matt Damon , a master of the ordinary , can create a rounded , convincing and utterly engaging character out of just about anyone , Benjamin Mee included .
Crowe seems to be making baby steps into new territory , both stylistically and emotionally .
A sweet-natured tale about animals and new beginnings that you 'll want to see with your kids .
A professional actor in the best sense , always credibly grounded , Damon is much better than the material , and so is Colin Ford who plays the troubled son .
Without Crowe 's laid-back approach and Damon 's anchoring performance , We Bought a Zoo could have been a sappy disaster .
We Bought a Zoo is so filled with artificial sweetener that it may cause cancer .
When exactly did Cameron Crowe movies turn into extended therapy sessions ?
Consider it a fine sign of emotional discipline that the movie does n't overplay Kelly and Ben 's romantic possibilites .
It 's not exactly light fare , but it is one of the better family films of 2011 .
Pretty tame ` Zoo '
So few films this holiday season can truly be labeled `` family film . '' We Bought a Zoo is one . Sadly , many films wear the label of `` boring . '' We Bought a Zoo is one of them .
The tigers are cool , the monkeys are cute , but deep down , Crowe is more interested in the characters . And so are we .
If not for classic FM rock songs overstating the obvious it would be tough to identify We Bought a Zoo as a Cameron Crowe movie . This dramedy could come from anyone who spent the past decade not living up to his promise , and sorely needs a hit .
These are ideas from old movies , and presented without any of the conviction those pictures used to give them .
Let me begin by saying something nice about Cameron Crowe 's We Bought a Zoo : kids will probably like it . Okay , that 's all I 've got .
I wish never again to see , and that means forever , a movie sold with billboards depicting cuddly animals , whether they 're zebras or tigers or golden retriever puppies , with big red bows wrapped around their heads .
You 're very aware of its imperfections , but ultimately find it easy to like .
The end result is a film that is pretty much a total delight from top to bottom and even if you do n't think that it is the kind that you might normally go for , it turns out that it really is .
This is indeed the story of some people who bought a zoo .
`` We Bought a Zoo '' provides a welcome seasonal dash of wholesomeness and humor , but it 's also a heartening celebration of second acts , even at their most unwelcome .
Crowe 's first work in six years , following the disastrous Elizabethtown , is mildly engaging but ultimately too sweet-natured and innocuous for its own good .
Heartwarming holiday fare that even jaded adults can share with the kids .
Sure , some if it may be a bit too cute for words , but the smile on your face will overcome the feelings of Bah Humbug that might be trying to sneak out of you .
If you 're looking for something the whole family can watch , this is fine . If you 're an adult wondering if you need to see it , the answer is no .
Sporadically tests one 's sugar endurance , but there 's no disputing its sincerity .
Veers too much and too often into the realm of palpable manipulation .
The film is sweet . Its observations of life in the aftermath of death ring true , especially for anyone who 's traveled the contours of mourning .
Not surprisingly , this menagerie of genres does n't mesh .
`` We Bought a Zoo '' is as phony as a Kardashian marriage .
The creaks , groans and clichés of the screenplay ... are ... finally outstripped by the attractiveness of the performers , those with two legs and more , and especially by the tenderness that Mr. Damon brings to his role .
`` We Bought a Zoo '' is a movie you want to like , and a movie you can enjoy if you cut its slackness some slack .
The filmmakers insufficiently stir the lumpy metaphors , chief among them that for animals , as for humans , there is a difference between cages and enclosures .
While not quite Crowe at his absolute best , it carries his humanistic imprint and benefits from a strong acting ensemble that keep emotions in check .
... is n't among Crowe 's best work , but it 's a solid charmer that does n't rely on Hollywood flash , gimmick , or poop jokes .
Loses touch with reality , turning this life-changing , tear-shedding , lion-roaring rebirth process into a glorified sitcom . A few beautiful scenes glazed with Crowe-brand wonder barely redeem it .
There 's a word for the strenuous , shameless plucking of an audience 's emotions that this movie traffics in : cornography .
By trying too hard to stay on this side of hip and the other side of sentimental , Crowe winds up with a zoo that 's neither fish nor fowl .
What saves the movie is that Crowe is n't afraid of emotion . He 's always willing to follow surprising new developments to see how they make his characters feel , and the result of that is almost always entertaining .
`` We Bought a Zoo '' is a sweet-natured , terribly unthreatening drama about redemption and renewal , and it may matter more to the man who made it than the audiences who see it .
It 's reassuring , a little square , and you sense that Crowe , now a father and family man , is reaching out to a new , younger audience .
Nothing more than an old-fashioned , family-friendly tearjerker that 's good-natured but not very successful at strumming the heartstrings , which is what it obviously wants to do .
`` Zoo '' leaves you wondering whether Crowe was spooked by the mixed reaction to `` Vanilla Sky '' and `` Elizabethtown '' and chose to play it safe , remixing echoes of his usual screenwriting devices , in pursuit of a surefire hit .
The moment in any family film when dignity goes out the window is an animal reaction shot .
A sweet and genial comedy with a relatively low cloy factor .
People are feeling sorry for Matt Damon , but this is n't the embarrassing disaster you might fear .
Watching the overlong , overfeeling , overdirected We Bought a Zoo made me glad to return from Cameron Crowe 's world to the real world , where things are n't quite so simple .
It 's about taking a complete leap of faith toward life-altering changes , a running theme in all the director 's movies .
Cameron Crowe 's `` We Bought a Zoo '' is an undeniably manipulative crowd-pleaser but there 's something about being manipulated in such an expert manner that makes the tugging on the heartstrings easier to take .
This is n't just an exercise in mawkishness , though it 's also nowhere near as emotionally resonant as it strives to be .
By the time young Rosie exclaims `` We bought a zoo ! '' for what feels like the umpteenth time , even altruistic idealists will find their inner cynics chucking incredulously .
The movie is quite enjoyable , though , redeemed by Crowe 's trademark sincerity and assured handling of oddball character actors .
There 's a lot of fun waiting at We Bought a Zoo , but it 's the feelings that run through every scene that 'll make you glad you came .
The sentence ` You may not leave until you get a tear in your eye ! ' may as well appear on the screen . And yet the PG-rated film connected with me , schmaltz and all .
We Bought a Zoo has its charms . It also has a lot to live up to -- and misses the mark .
Damon , thank the family-friendly-movie gods , really knows how to hold his head above the corn .
The result is too much formula and not enough human interest .
Moves from mopey drama one moment to a reaction shot of a monkey smacking his forehead in exasperation the next . By the end of the film , viewers might understand the monkey 's feelings all too well .
An average movie that 's clearly been crafted to bring holiday families together over the popcorn machine .
Crowe 's greatest strength is in taking these potentially cloying elements and making them feel human and comforting rather than contrived and sappy .
The general sense of blandness and predictability that marks the story 's progression does not damage its emotional strengths . We feel for these characters and , because we care about them , we yearn for the highs the film ultimately delivers .
Damon proves amiable and appealing in a part that 's not asking him to stretch much .
When we do feel a warm fuzzy in the heart or a lump in the throat , we also see everything Crowe did to put it there .
This is a sweet , funny , unapologetically sentimental film .
Facilely obvious , cartoon-like `` fun '' for the entire family might well have worked better in a truly animated version .
Proves again that Damon can elevate just about anything in which he appears .
Cameron Crowe returns from movie exile with We Bought a Zoo , a sweet and sentimental ode to new beginnings that features a charming performance from Matt Damon .
The performances are sincere and Mr. Damon actually seems to be having a ball , giving one of the best and most mature performances of his career .
Everyone with the exception of the bureaucratic inspector emerges likable as do all of the good-natured animals .
The strong performances and Crowe 's deft touch keep you invested , even if those that oppose the zoo will induce much rolling of the eyes .
Too much of the movie feels predestined -- down to the rainstorm on opening day -- and subplots involving budding romance end up forcing what 's implicit .
Captive humans and exotic animals are an odd mix in mushy melodrama .
Crowe is back to what he 's good at : small stories populated by everyday people .
The results feel artificial and sappy , with only a few too-little-too-late moments where the tragedy of losing a mother or a wife is handled with anything resembling grace .
If you had hoped writer-director Cameron Crowe would return from his six-year hiatus having shed the demons of Elizabethtown , well , I 've got some bad news for you ... It seems you just ca n't reason with an unflinching optimist .
All emotional shortcuts and vaguely defined characters , held together more than it deserves by -LSB- Matt -RSB- Damon 's admirable star turn .
This is the first feature from Crowe since the heavy-handed , overly quirky `` Elizabethtown , '' and while it 's not a complete return to form , it 's close enough .
We Bought a Zoo drops the cynicism , wears its heart on its sleeve and does n't mind laying it on thick in an effort to move you . Which it does-whether you like it or not .
... where We Bought A Zoo earns its stripes is in the process of getting all of its characters to relate to and accept each other .
There 's an audience for such lazy sentimentality , which means Crowe 's half-hearted attempt to revive his career might actually succeed .
An emotionally literate film about a grieving family trying to jump-start their lives again by running a small zoo for animals .
From the high-concept title to the family-friendly story line , it 's basically a Tim Allen movie , only made with taste and feeling .
Clichés and contrivances and corniness , oh my ! With We Bought a Zoo , writer-director Cameron Crowe dives headfirst into the schmaltzy slop barrel .
Cameron Crowe casts a heart-warming cinematic spell that will milk many a tear from its widespread target audience .
Cameron Crowe wo n't suffer another total commercial and critical flameout , but this is no return to form .
If Crowe 's films radiate one thing , it 's kindness , which is something not a lot of filmmakers can claim .
Warm-blooded but largely lifeless .
We Bought A Zoo is targeted at people who cry during TV commercials , who get misty eyed in the greeting card aisle .
Crowe finds just the right blend of easy crowd-pleasing moments while maintaining the strong sense of drama and character dynamics in which he excels .
It does n't dodge the potholes of earnest sentimentality and at times overplays the whimsy . But the uplifting tale has heart , humanity and a warmly empathetic central performance from Matt Damon .
Runs a little long , but it will warm your heart .
Cameron Crowe remains , as always , uncool . And wonderful for it . ` We Bought A Zoo ' is lovely , delicate , and absolutely worth seeing with your family this holiday season .


@highlight

We Bought a Zoo is a transparently cloying effort by director Cameron Crowe , but Matt Damon makes for a sympathetic central character .