At its best this film is brave , cool and brimful of ideas , and if they 're barely contained within the slightly flimsy story , that 's down to Campos ' decision to give himself the safety net of a well-worn genre .
Antonio Campos ' Afterschool plays like the creepy younger brother of Kenneth Lonergan 's Margaret .
The film examines such relevant issues as violence in school , voyeurism , and abuse .
When not downright creepy , it 's quietly damning of an administration willing to point all the wrong fingers and play up all the wrong angles before brushing the matter aside .
This is a little movie well worth checking out . The performances are very natural , and the themes are enticingly provocative .
It 's both a supremely controlled exercise in form and tone and an intriguing exploration of the ways new technology intersects with age-old questions of dominance , control and individuality , particularly in the school setting .
Anthony Campos -LRB- who was 24 when he made this jolting pic -RRB- captures the numbing psychic scramble that just might cause the YouTube generation to go morally haywire . Or become filmmakers .
Whatever happened to the analog days when kids found contentment by cramming phone booths , sitting on flagpoles or simply going steady ?
Antonio Campos 's character study of a prep school social misfit named Robert -LRB- Ezra Miller -RRB- is an intimate psychological journey into a coded juvenile mindset .
Perhaps it is the intent of Afterschool , to create such a distancing effect the viewer is forced to observe , perhaps even critique these young people 's experience . If this is the case , Afterschool is one long period of detention .
Campos has developed a style of his own , one that owes as much to video installations as it does to cinematic narrative .
Though thin on story , the film shows poise and vision , using bleak cinema-realite techniques with chilling effect . Campos promises to be heard from again .
Those with the patience to wait out Mr. Campos 's overindulgences will definitely leave Afterschool unnerved , which is probably exactly what he had in mind .
The passing of time and the evolution of technology may give it an expiration date , but more likely , Campos ' film stands to be an essential document of what it was like to be a young person in the late ' 00s .
Deserves credit for managing to make prep school seem like the most hellish place on the planet , but is at some points hard to watch for all the wrong reasons .
Afterschool , the almost frighteningly accomplished first feature made by Antonio Campos when he was 24 , is high school as horror show .
An intelligent , often gripping , and intriguingly autobiographical drama of paranoia .
At heart it 's another unpleasant existential crisis for another unpleasant schoolboy in another unpleasant American prep school .
It 's an intriguing scenario , but what makes the film special -LRB- if at times slightly trying -RRB- is that it 's all artfully shot in an apparently artless manner .
With a lingering and often awkward style , Afterschool is ambitious but ultimately lacklustre .
Afterschool presents modern youth in a cold light . It 's difficult to like but even harder to dismiss .
Reminiscent of the alienation in classic Antonioni films or the paranoia of Michael Haneke , the icy Afterschool is a little too self-conscious in its artiness . Alternating between the fascinating and the tedious , it still worms its way under you skin .
If there is one distinctive and promising voice to come out of the info-bite aesthetic of the YouTube generation it is Antonio Campos , whose debut feature Afterschool puts an intriguing spin on the high-school tragedy .
The film has a lot to say about the effect of technology on teenage interaction , how schools repress individuality and how sexual awakening causes , rather than relieves , teenage angst .
Gripped with an unnerving iciness , Afterschool has style and smarts , but Campos never really manages to slice cleanly into his mega-relevant themes of voyeurism and violence , isolation and info-culture .
Afterschool does feel like an interesting play on the idea of voluntary surveillance , but there 's no real emotional crescendo , no catharsis and no satisfying conclusion to Robert 's angst , which is only ever skirted around .
An arty drama that 's just a little too pretentious .
A slow and suffocating experience . Not that this is a criticism , because it 's exactly the feeling director Antonio Campos has tried to create .
Compelling performances and some stand-out scenes but this lacks the cohesive language of Elephant , for example .
Originality is perhaps the major missing component , but this still stacks up as a nifty debut with ideas and ambition to spare .
This is a major debut . A dystopic vision , yes ; but in comparison with the usual school high-jinks from US cinema - fiercely fresh and corrosively memorable .
The writer-director Antonio Campos uses his camera in catatonically slow movements , to varying effect : sometimes it feels probing , at others it looks like so much film school self-indulgence .
Provocative , unflinching and stripped of anything approaching a consoling music soundtrack , it 's a must for fans of challenging , A + intelligent cinema desperately seeking the antithesis of High School Musical .
This is certainly an original work , but not entirely successful in saying anything new about the way we watch `` reality '' today at second hand .
The excellent script touches fascinating themes -LRB- notably the abject hypocrisy of the school staff -RRB- and also manages to convey a moment of pure emotional devastation more acutely than any number of Hollywood teen flicks .
This drama shows the growing skill of 25-year-old writer-director-editor Campos . It 's also packed with important themes that are addressed both artfully and hauntingly .
It 's sex , lies and videotape in a privileged high school as Antonio Campos casts a cold eye over the adolescent state of postmodernity .
The fact that this is a film of few words only adds to its hypnotic , relentless pull .
A morbidly fascinating prep school tragedy which also is a stylistically uncompromisingly vision of hypocritical America .
Unsettles without illuminating , marred by narcotic pacing and a blank lead performance .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Campos certainly demands your attention , and has it for most of the film .
Once made ... Afterschool proceeds to regurgitate its thesis with all the grace of a lumberjack leveling a redwood .
This ai n't Elephant , even if it looks like one .


@highlight

Antonio Campos ' Afterschool is an intelligent , ambitious debut that boasts strong performances and plenty of ideas .