As a horror film , Honeymoon is a rare intellectual work .
Honeymoon is a mature film , in which karma packs a real punch .
... an atmospheric and occasionally frightening chiller that ultimately does n't quite add up to much .
Covers a lot of emotional and intellectual terrain for such an unassuming and modest indie horror film , and that 's only part of what makes it so impressive .
A skin-crawling thriller without compromise , `` Honeymoon '' is unpleasant , whip-smart and mesmerizing .
Janiak does find a great deal of success turning that dreamy romance on its head , plunging her leads into a nightmarish scenario and ensuring you 'll never forget what happened to them .
If it was presented with even a glimmer of postmodern irony it might have had more of an impact , possibly even been engaging , but it 's all presented utterly straight .
A decent addition to the cabin in the woods subgenre , but look a little closer and this has more in common with Blue Valentine than it does The Evil Dead .
For those who have ever nursed suspicions that the answer is `` not enough , '' Honeymoon will inspire chills much more bone-deep than the ones provoked by , say , some poltergeist flinging around chairs .
The superior character set-up brings to mind Jim Mickle and Nick Damici 's debut Zombie Virus On Mulberry Street , which certainly bodes well .
Honeymoon tells a tight tale that sticks to it guns past its final frame , but revealing way too much far too soon immensely damages the film 's overall effect
It 's a serviceable watch that I 'm sure some horror fans will absolutely eat up , and it 's always wonderful to see another female horror filmmaker throwing her hat in the ring , but Honeymoon just was n't my dream vacation .
This is a low-budget horror movie with an unappealing , depressing story about a honeymoon that turns into a nightmare through no fault of the people involved .
Ultimately , the buildup is so good , it 's inevitable that the payoff disappoints . Maybe that 's why the finale seems intentionally vague ; it does n't matter what happens -- it 's about the trip , not the destination .
Taps into one of the most basic universal fears with some success , but never explores any particularly surprising territory .
Honeymoon is chilling , it will make your skin crawl , and it will stay with you for days . Seek it out .
The thematic weight drags down the tension , yet just when it seems Janiak has forgotten the scares she pulls off a creepy finale .
Janiak 's directorial debut makes confident use of limited resources to conjure creepy thrills , peering through the cracks in the couple 's imploding relationship , spying shadowy monsters lurking in the darkness .
The honeymoon takes place in -- oh , guess -- a deserted cabin in the woods , like a failed Evil Dead .
It will be a hard heart indeed that wo n't be affected by the way the story is resolved .
Co-writer/director Leigh Janiak aims for Lars von Trier 's sustained dread , but manages only vague unease .
A tense horror two-hander with serious kick .
Very simplistic , easy to indulge in fun , even if it is somewhat throwaway and forgettable . Thrives in the naturalistic approach , but suffers from an underwhelming closing act .
Leslie and Treadaway extract plenty of existential doubt and distressing emotion from what is essentially a claustrophobic two-hander .
Building to a convincing and eye-popping climax , Honeymoon is the sort of low-budget film that manages to frighten without ever resorting to cheap jump-scare tactics like some of its big-budget counterparts .
It 's another horror film where the metaphor had potential , but there 's not really any parallel between what 's happening in the story and the real-life phenomenon it 's dealing with .
Although Honeymoon does n't quite seal the deal , the build up is so entrenched in exquisite paranoia that it almost -- almost -- does n't matter .
Janiak keeps switching things up , and nothing leads quite where you think it will . Moreover , her low-budget setting generates scares out of simple ideas . Who knew that burnt toast could send a chill up the spine ?
Honeymoon is a gritty and disturbing horror movie that will leave you feeling the need to shower , never go into the woods again , and be wary of all lights in a seemingly-serene night sky .
Though not without potential , Honeymoon never becomes anything more than a pre-credits teaser of a lower-tier `` X-Files `` episode eked out to feature length .
The gory final act ca n't help but be an explanatory letdown after so much enigmatic fizz , but that 's little bother when the rest of Honeymoon delivers a steady dose of newlywed nightmare .
Very effective in creating an unsettling mood , but its horrific , fantastic speculation ends , frustratingly , just when it could have gotten really intriguing .
I wish the film withheld more information from its audience to raise the overall tension but it 's a solid genre pic , made so primarily by two entirely committed performances from its talented leads .
A lean , low-budget debut that taps into newlywed anxiety with subtle wit and no small amount of style .
Leslie and Treadaway deliver solid performances that are alternately endearing and unnerving when need be .
Janiak handles both horror and drama ably enough to suggest that she 'd excel at either genre .
Achieves emotional resonance due to how effectively it joins its source of horror with the stuff of everyday human anxieties .
Honeymoon is a microbudgeted horror movie that achieves some genuinely shivery moments .
Neither as purposefully spooky nor as inadvertently campy as the low-budget '50s sci-fiers it often recalls .
It waffles between dramatizing youthful self-absorption and succumbing to it , and this tonal instability comes to mirror the domestic discord that 's revealed to be its real subject .
Too much time goes by before the horror emerges .
Entertaining if problematic ...
Creepy and disturbing , though it tips its hand slightly too early and has the usual genre-associated problems of characters not behaving in logical fashion once the spooky stuff starts happening .
Until the final stretch , Honeymoon is an effectively staged , low-tech exercise in escalating unease .
-LSB- Honeymoon -RSB- delivers real unease despite a well-tread plot .
Go see it , it 's fun and spooky , I recommend it .
It 's creepy as hell , the kind of movie that worms its way underneath your skin and sits there .


@highlight

Smart , stylish , and nail-bitingly tense , Honeymoon packs more slow-building horror than many bigger-budget productions .