`` The Golden Compass ultimately fails as a film in its broad strokes and inadequate scene development . ''
Director Chris Weitz ... manages to bring out the best in his ensemble cast and never fails to lose the attention of the viewer throughout 114 minutes .
Begets the less than ringing endorsement , ` Yeah , whatever . It was OK I suppose . '
The Golden Compass is n't bad , it 's cast is too good and it 's too well made , but something fundamental to good storytelling - heart - has been lost , leaving a final product as icy and impossible to care for as Mrs. Coulter herself .
Excruciating pap
An engaging fantasy adventure that , albeit no masterpiece , is hardly the disaster one might have imagined .
I realize that when you make a book into a movie you can not include every single detail , but it seems like Weitz purposely tried to take all of the magic out of the story .
This plot may sound somewhat ludicrous on paper , but Pullman has created a logical , well-thought-out world that Weitz has brilliantly translated to the big screen .
This kid film noir touching on magic dust substance abuse , cranky clerics , worrisome wizards , goth grownup child abusers and computer-generated homicidal polar bear throat slashers , is less likely to dazzle the senses than exhaust minds of all ages .
... if I had n't liked Pullman 's books so much , I probably would have liked this movie version more than I did .
Will it be enough to satisfy fans of Philip Pullman 's widely read ` His Dark Materials ' trilogy ? Hard to say . But for the uninitiated this is an engaging adventure , even when Chris Weitz 's screenplay lacks the compelling clarity of Pullman 's prose .
Sam Elliott shows up as a cowboy , who would normally be a pick-me-up , but with Golden Compass I just wanted to find my direction home .
The Golden Compass should be fun , but it rarely is . It should sweep you away , but it rarely does . For a film suffused with magic , it is , regrettably , far from magical .
No , I did n't read the novel before seeing the film , and nothing in this shimmering disaster made me want to read it , either . Made me hate polar bears , and I used to love the darned things , so that 's saying something .
Read this review , skip this movie , and instead read the excellent books . Poor Dakota Blue Fanning is the perfect Lyra in a terrible adaptation .
A beautiful , thought-provoking fantasy film .
Lyra surpasses the timid drone of Pan 's Labyrinth or the Pevensies ' do-gooder sap , she 's brave , smart , and the best liar in the universe .
This Compass points to the end of a would-be franchise .
Suggesting at once Mrs. Coulter 's devotion to her Magisterial mission , her fears of soulful and sensual embodiment , and yes , her own split self , her slap-and-hug of her damon all but stops the film 's action .
Deus ex machina ... is the only driving force .
koyrastika amihani kai sygkehymeni kritiki sto thriskeytiko systima , den parehei oyte kata dianoia arketo allothi gia toys ano ton 16 na asholithoyn idiaitera me aytin tin yperparagogi , poy ehei aytapates megaleioy tin ora poy pashei sto rythmo kai ti syn
The Golden Compass is an entertaining blend of feisty pre-teen girl heroine , CGI animals both adorable and fierce , and the usual suspects on the human side ...
The Golden Compass bears the brush strokes of a film produced by a committee of people intent on trying to make some money rather than a good movie .
All the pieces combined feel like nothing more than a barrage of exquisitely crafted names
My devotion to Jesus and love for my fellow man have been replaced with profound emptiness and contempt , and I have The Golden Compass to thank for it .
Said Ridley Scott : ` We were contemplating talking animals in Blade Runner , but we wanted to hold off Sean Young 's descent into madness at least until the end of principal shooting . '
-LSB- Kidman 's Mrs. Coulter is -RSB- a movie villain worth remembering -- in fact , if she were any more evil , she would have to change her name from Marisa to Ann .
Like every other story that pits the Haves against the Have-Nots .
In adapting Pullman 's novel , Weitz jettisons its distinctive atmosphere and complex -LRB- and controversial -RRB- theological background and decides instead to whip through the plot .
... the cast is deadly serious , bringing each character to life and giving the audience a reason to cheer or boo them and their actions .
Come back , `` Eragon '' -- all is forgiven !
Patchy and strangely unengaging , The Golden Compass is impressive in scale but disappoints by its cluttered storytelling and lack of heart .
The Catholic League thinks it 's anti-Catholic . Admirers of Philip Pullman 's 1995 His Dark Materials trilogy think the film guts the backbone of the book . Me , I just think it blows .
` The Golden Compass ' concludes in a way that left me feeling teased and cheated .
For a film that supposedly promotes Atheism , at least it 's more entertaining than last year 's Christian allegory The Lion , The Witch , and The Wardrobe .
If you have n't read the books , it can be like wandering into a stuffy church service in a cathedral for the first time .
Exciting and entertaining , although the complicated array of characters makes it sometimes hard-going .
Unlike most fantasy aimed at younger audiences , there 's a disturbing undercurrent at work here that imbues the film with a weightiness that 's unusual in such works .
Those seeking a treatise on religion , or against religion , will have to look hard to find it in `` The Golden Compass , '' a convoluted but eye-catching fantasy .
... the film possesses few attributes designed to draw in -LRB- and hold the interest of -RRB- neophytes .
I heard the dialogue , I saw the images , but I never got into the story . I was always aware that I was sitting in a theater watching a movie .
Wanting to appeal to a broad audience % u2014 especially young teens % u2014 is more than fine . It 's admirable . But soulful , philosophical 13-year-olds do exist . They do ! And they can even handle a religious discussion with lots of words involved .
Despite all the controversy and hullabaloo , this is too incoherent and full of plot holes to lure impressionable children down some primrose path to atheism
Although this might be a tad convoluted and distant for the younger set , The Golden Compass is still a truly fantastical journey filled with wondrous imagery .
Covering too much ground in too little time leaves the film feeling shallow and inchoate .
What I enjoyed , besides the visual feast , is its story line clarity , commanding characters both human and not , originality of atmosphere and tensions worthy of good drama .
An undeniably great-looking movie that loses its way .
Performances lend heft and humanity to the overriding whimsy .
An entertaining film with plenty of action and interesting characters .
Some of the material is wildly imaginative , some of it is just kinda silly . But it all looks good , and the kids are likable , -LSB- and -RSB- Kidman makes for an intriguing villain .
Golden Compass lacks any real fantastic flair . It is a decent enough feature , but is short of that spell-binding quality that will allow audiences to embrace it .
Makes bland with the subversive mythological and religious subject matter ... .
It packs enough fun and fantasy to keep the kid in you entertained and engaged . And we can always hope that the sequel will try to tackle some of the fascinating and more complex ideas from the book .
The Golden Compass is an enjoyable , albeit confusing diversion .
Like its protagonists , The Golden Compass stands fundamentally isolated from its soul ; unlike them , it has n't the first idea where it left the bloody thing .
... plays too innocent with its premise , seldom allows its characters to gain dimension , and all but ignores the looming instinct of the plot to abandon its innocence and begin discovering the dark little secrets of the writer 's complex world .
Many charming elements , but they do n't quite add up to a fulfilling whole . Enjoyed the bit about souls scampering alongside people in the form of animals .
It 's presented with such color and confidence that it 's tough not to get swept up in the spectacle of it all .
The Golden Compass can answer any question with the truth . -LRB- It 's too bad they did n't ask it if this story would make a compelling movie . -RRB-
Catholic pundits are half-right in proclaiming that watching The Golden Compass could be hazardous to children . It shows that even the most lyrical and challenging literary story can become a stupid , sloppy film .
We hope that youth will take to heart this movie which calls us to be wary of all authoritarian institutions that stifle the soul and the spiritual search for truth .
... rushed like crazy , from one scene to another , introducing characters , spouting -LSB- forced -RSB- dialogue .
Unlikely to fill theaters or to empty pews .
Spotty but often effectively weird .
This mediocre film that is heavy on computer-generated imagery adds up to little more than the Yawn-icles of Narnia .
The Golden Compass is a blatant attempt to duplicate the success of the Harry Potter franchise . The only thing missing is richly imagined characters , a comprehensible story line , good acting , and satisfying special effects .
In the end The Golden Compass is another expensive mishmash of CGI ` magic ' and widescreen spectacle : well-acted , as you would expect , but more or less empty of anything to provoke the curiosity and intelligence of a young audience .
Posh fantasy ... the film 's dazzling imagery and serviceable story hustle along agreeably , if a bit dourly .
Fans of the book may be thrilled to see it come to life but this tentative film demands a tougher minded , more confident sequel .
Almost nothing remains at the end - not a glimmer of mystical inquisition , not a teasing loose-end of space-time speculation - to lure a Pullmanite towards a sequel .
An enormous scrap at the end , involving witches and warlocks , does little to illuminate , or leaven , this pudding .
Chris Weitz ' film is a well-executed , but not especially warm adaptation of Philip Pullman 's novel .
When the dust settles on the religion row The Golden Compass will surely be remembered as one of the best children 's adventures of the year .
... a gaudy dud ...
Thrilling , moving , visually spot-on and featuring a great cast , this is another impressive fantasy film , although one that rushes headlong through many of the important nuances of its source material .
An entertaining start for this new series .
Maybe we were all expecting too much . While competent , The Golden Compass joins that catalogue of so-so Narnia/Potter wannabes whose members include Lemony Snicket , Eragon and the recent Stardust .
Every character in The Golden Compass has a ` daemon ' , a talking animal sidekick who follows them everywhere . It 's a neat idea -- I wished I had one sitting in the theater with me to explain what the heck was going on .
Approach this not as a lesson in the facts of life , just a bit of childish escapism .
With its rushed , jargon-pumped exposition , surplus of quarter-baked characters , stray narrative strands and generously dropped hints of things possibly to come , The Golden Compass is a movie that wears its franchise ambitions on its sleeve .
Compass is n't well-made . The heroine is a pill , the issues are jumbled -LRB- maybe because of the attempt not to offend potential moviegoers -RRB- and the storytelling is clunky .
Weitz 's movie remains ultimately remote . It ends mid-adventure , so blatantly setting the stage for a sequel that the whole thing suddenly feels like a preamble .
An aura of disappointment takes hold midway into Golden Compass and becomes undeniable by the finish .
The Golden Compass never seems to follow a single thread for very long . Instead , it introduces new characters for Lyra to meet on her journey . Few make an impact , and one who does makes the wrong kind .
Rather than saying , ` I wonder if the Magisterium is supposed to represent the modern Catholic church ? , ' say ` Wow ! Two polar bears beating the shale out of each other . Cool ! '
A pretty good fantasy -- with different bits of Potter and Jules Verne and Narnia all mixed up together into something new .
Represents the year 's biggest gamble -- and it delivers the year 's biggest and most ambitious fantasy .
The action is crisply paced , the cast is committed to playing it straight , and if the script is pulling its punches , that does n't weaken the story 's headlong energy .
Beautiful to look at , but where 's its heart ?
Bland treatment of round one of Philip Pullman 's His Dark Materials trilogy .
A mishmash of half-baked ideas , loud special-effects and disjointed imagery .
Weitz 's film is short , punchy and efficient , and it 's full of engaging spectacle .
There 'll be plenty of time for metaphysics and deep thoughts later . The good news for parents is that this haste makes a complicated story into short-attention-span theatre , perfect for children .
This year 's big holiday fantasy movie , The Golden Compass , is not as charming as the Harry Potter series or as spectacular as the Lord of the Rings movies , but it has something else to offer : ideas .
Vagueness colors all , banishing emotional connections in the process .
Why is it so joyless ?
The carefully crafted look , in which fabulous fantasy mingles with hand-woven sweaters , offers a visual feast . The acting is impeccable from performers to voices .
A darker , deeper fantasy epic than the Rings trilogy , The Chronicles of Narnia or the Potter films . It springs from the same world of quasi-philosophical magic , but creates more complex villains and poses more intriguing questions .
Weitz took a wonderful story about the danger of severing a soul from its otherwise empty body and did that very thing to his source .
Kidman 's glittering villainess , gorgeous CG design and a bolshy , 11-year-old heroine ca n't entirely rescue this franchise gamble from a shuddering outcome . Not a failure by any stretch , but Compass leaves its future hanging in the balance .
-LSB- Weitz -RSB- rapidly and intelligently opens up Pullman 's world . Watching the film before reading the book transported me back to age 8 , drinking in the movie of The Time Machine and growing fascinated by its vision of travel in a new dimension .
There 's just too much information crammed into two hours , and Weitz directs it all as if he 's waist-deep in quicksand and grandiose special effects .
-LSB- A -RSB- magnificent slice of cinematic fantasy , perhaps the most perfect blending of live action and CGI ever ...
With the lack of a sure hand behind the camera , the film 's capable cast is left stranded in front of it .
It becomes impossible to care about what Lyra and her mates are doing when the dialogue is designed to do nothing but push you forward to the next film .
While The Golden Compass does n't have time to clarify all the book 's complexities it 's as welcome a retreat from this old England as Hogwarts , Narnia or Middle Earth .
A crushing disappointment for fans and a scuppered opportunity for a cinematic event . That the first book has been so mishandled does n't bode well for the -LRB- already greenlit -RRB- more complicated ones to come .
A decent -- if somewhat cursory -- adaptation of the popular children 's fantasy adventure .
... the decision to tame the darker implications of the film feels driven by commercial concerns rather than demands of storytelling .
Like Lord Of The Rings and Chronicles Of Narnia it 's a visual feast that transports you to an alternate world of jaw-dropping awe , unforgettable images and pure adventure .
So much of the movie is just explanatory and expository dialogues and monologues . New characters , new concepts = more explanations . And lots of backstories .
The problem is not that The Golden Compass has been stripped of its rabble-rousing anti-Christian content , though it surely has been . The problem is that the rest of it has been sterilized too .
The worst crime of a film like this is that not only is it retarded , it expects its audience to be retarded as well .
Golden Compass is one wordy endeavor , but it gallops to satisfaction , rising above significant adaptation odds to form a semi-coherent , lively fantasia of monsters and warriors .
As a stand alone effort , something styled to entertain us now , The Golden Compass is incomplete .
A movie with characters constantly explaining arcane concepts and only rarely doing anything about them .
The Golden Compass does feature some dynamic special effects and CGI creatures that make it at least a visually entertaining piece of fantasy fare .
Neophytes may be left in the dust for lack of narrative connections and clarifications , while Pullman admirers of all stripes may feel short-changed on mood and atmosphere .
Weitz has the narrative leaping around frantically , managing to set up some interesting sequences but not much ongoing momentum .
Certainly never boring , the film nevertheless feels too much like an introduction -LRB- and occasionally a discombobulated and less than emotionally engaging one at that -RRB- rather than a standalone piece of entertainment .
An undemanding , blunt , simplified adaptation .
Ill Tempered Talking Polar Bears are the only elements of the film saving it from obscurity and failure
Sweeping , imaginative , epic , thrilling .
With her intelligent and energetic performance , newcomer Dakota Blue Richards captures our interest as the spunky young heroine in The Golden Compass .
... this is one of Kidman 's best performances in years , and she is perfectly , deliciously evil .
This series has promise , but The Golden Compass is a letdown .
well paced , beautiful to watch
This is the kind of movie that was made by throwing dollars at stuff , as opposed to using imagination , thought or even just common sense .
For all the complicated backstory , weighty themes , action set pieces and fanciful production design , the film is oddly unengaging .
Disappoints with its lack of character development and convoluted storytelling .
For now , The Golden Compass can stand on its own , as a standard-issue but still glorious adventure .
The best you can say about The Golden Compass is that it 's merely the second-dullest Nicole Kidman/Daniel Craig film this year .
Hampered by its fealty to the book and its madly rushed pace .
Being afraid of the screen version of The Golden Compass is like being afraid of your shadow . The only ones with no faith are the filmmakers .
There may be box-office gold from The Golden Compass , but panning for it while viewing is a real day at the mine .
It has enough strong elements to make it endure as a family classic and leave us wanting more .
Top notch holiday season entertainment .
This adaptation is a gorgeous , overstuffed contender for the box-office crown of Harry Potter .
-LSB- An -RSB- ultimately satisfying and successful version of the opening volume of the celebrated His Dark Materials trilogy .
It makes us wonder what all the fuss is about .
The Golden Compass is a tepid , jumbled Hollywood fable whose final message seems to amount to little more than ` Follow your dreams , ' or worse , ` Stay tuned for the sequel . '
There is enough fire in Dakota Blue Richards ' first film performance to make you eager for the next installment in the series .
Light on plot and philosophy , it 's heavy on CGI animals , particularly a spectacular showdown between two armored polar bears .
The movie simply delivers too many colorfuls for its own good , none of whom establish a true emotional identity , and thus it is n't moving , it 's busy .
The actors can hardly move among all the computer graphics , much less express any emotion or spontaneity ; there 's no sense of wonder .
The Golden Compass does manage the job of bringing Philip Pullman 's world to the screen . With luck , any future entries will try harder to get the job done right .
An auspicious and grandiose entertainment . Thoroughly immersive and genuinely wondrous .
An innocuous , passably entertaining effects extravaganza .
Yet for every disappointing turn there is a sequence of unparalleled majesty , and even though the final taste left by the picture is decidedly bittersweet my interest is piqued just enough to wonder where things are going to go next .
The Golden Compass wraps things up in less than two hours -- zipping from one plot point to the next -- and it feels rather rushed as a result .
The Golden Compass : controversial statement on free will vs. religious oppression or disjointed , hard-to-follow fantasy-action flick for kids ? Let 's go with the latter .
Suffering from a bad case of kicking-off-a-franchise-itis .
Visually , The Golden Compass is dazzling , hopscotching from hallowed halls of academe to the Nordic tundra , from luxe manors to creepy , sci-fi-like facilities . The effects could n't be better .
There 's plenty here to hang a franchise on .
By the last reel The Golden Compass has created a magical environment we believe in completely . It 's a Herculean task that Weitz and his collaborators handle with seeming effortlessness , leaving us ready for more .
With all its hesitations and half-measures , The Golden Compass kindled something this critic has n't felt in years : a burning thirst to see the sequel .
The Golden Compass works up enough self-important gravitas to power the entire Lord of the Rings cycle . Weitz 's deflatingly anticlimactic windup assures us there is more to come .
`` Free will '' and `` reason '' go to war with `` dogma '' and `` blind obedience '' in The Golden Compass , the cryptic and striking new film based on the fantasy novels of Philip Pullman .
There 's an emptiness at the heart of The Golden Compass that all the visual pizzazz and star power in the world ca n't fill .
The toned-down movie version is n't so much anti-religion as it is anti-entertainment .
... about as anti-God as The Chronicles of Narnia .
Writer-director Chris Weitz winnows down Philip Pullman 's dense , unwieldy universe into a zippy , if not entirely thrilling , two hours .
Theologically confused and culturally contrived , The Golden Compass is devoid of charm and mystery .
Tickle Me Elmo is more subversive .
The Golden Compass is a snowbound mystical-whizbang kiddie ride that hovers somewhere between the loopy and the lugubrious .
Script feels rushed and is very short on character development ... most viewers will be baffled , feeling like they started at fourth or fifth episode in a ten-part production .
All put together , -LSB- the awesome -RSB- elements do little to inspire awe . In spite of the fact that it 's gorgeous , well-acted , and action-packed , The Golden Compass is emotionally inert .
Chris Weitz dropped out of the film years ago because he thought he could n't do this story justice . Turns out he was right ; as a director he 's competent but does n't have ` sweeping epic ' in him .
Put away your picket signs .
This is a classic case of eye candy that does n't taste too good .
There 's no sense of wonder in this frantic tour of wonderland , and Lyra escapes trouble so easily , there 's little suspense .
jam-packed full of wonderful characters , magical landscapes and high adventure .
The rave meter does not point north , as this pic has just enough fantasy not to outlast its welcome .
Bland , bloodless and bereft of magic .
It certainly looks wonderful , with epic dash and a terrific central performance from Nicole Kidman , who may come to dominate our children 's nightmares .
Is it any good ? Definitively , yes . A beautifully made , spectacularly designed family movie , it dares to ask serious questions about good and evil , free will and adolescent sexuality .
The film works splendidly . It 's big-screen entertainment at its best .
Fans of Philip Pullman 's acclaimed novel The Golden Compass may not approve of this new film adaptation , but it ca n't be faulted for excitement .
In drawing and quartering much of the novel 's intent , -LSB- Screenwriter/Director -RSB- Weitz ends up with a film that feels not just unfinished but undone .
This masterpiece of production design and world-building might take some time to get into , but once past the confusing premise , it 's worthy of plunking down another $ 7 to 12 to find out what happens next .
I feel about it roughly the same way I did about the book -- hard to get into until the armored bears show up , and then pretty awesome as long as the bears hang around .
The action sequences are the only outstanding aspect of this less-than-golden adaptation , which is ultimately undermined by its strictly tinny storytelling .
Writer/director Chris Weitz brings a style that is more obligatory than deft . Constrained by a rushed feel and too little character development , this movie never seems to flow quite right .
The film was kind of a primer for a series that I will be happy to watch .
Screenwriter/director Chris Weitz 's spotty filmic adaptation never locates a throughline to the convoluted narrative .
Whether or not you 've read the books you 'll enjoy The Golden Compass on some level , but it feels rushed .
Chris Weitz crams his story full of magical terms and concepts with a rapidity that leaves things confusing and thus meaningless .
The blend of live action , CG and visual effects is superb , making what must have been a technological nightmare look easy as pie .
The prevailing tone is cold , which has nothing to do with the frigid settings of the second half , and the pic does n't invite the viewer to enthusiastically enter into this new dramatic realm .
As a children 's fable , the film lacks magic , due to Weitz 's uninspired helming and uneven technical execution , but it 's likable , moderately engaging and well-acted by Dakota Blue Richards and Nicole Kidman ; too bad Daniel Craig has such a tiny part .




@highlight

Without the bite or the controversy of the source material , The Golden Compass is reduced to impressive visuals overcompensating for lax storytelling .