Although this must be one of the first movies in which an African American character goes golfing , aside from that cultural milestone it is notable for little else .
For such a short movie , it takes so long to get past the bonding that once the situation becomes evidently dangerous , no amount of tension has built to sustain the rest of the film .
It 's too pointless to be even a guilty pleasure , plunging past `` low rent '' into `` no rent '' territory , dragging two competent performers down into the mud with it .
`` No Good Deed '' made some decent box office and did n't cost much to make . Perhaps there 'll be a sequel . `` Good Samaritan Goes Bad '' or `` Call Triple-A , Cause I Ai n't Opening the Door . ''
No Good Deed is one of the least inspired and laziest films of 2014 , featuring a complete lack of originality and a waste of talent from Idris Elba and Taraji P. Henson .
There 's a few table-turning twists that lend a veneer of final-girl sister-power ... but little else to provide big-screen distraction .
It is dismaying to see the brilliant Idris Elba and Sam Miller , his director from TV 's Luther , working on low-grade exploitation fare like this .
Not content with painting Idris Elba 's escaped convict Colin as a thoroughly bad sort , the suspense-free home invasion movie No Good Deed has a score that assaults us with histrionic crashes and bangs .
The plot stumbles lazily from one thriller trope to the next and , while it does provide some jumps , is predictable to the point where you can call the action before it happens .
-LSB- A -RSB- routine thriller ...
This clunkingly terrible film is a baffling career move for Elba , and a waste of co-star Taraji P Henson .
Elba gives good psycho smoulder and Henson occasionally gets to flex her acting muscles and break out of the damsel-in-distress clichés when she 's fighting back against this conflicted home invader , yet neither can overcome the script 's limitations .
Elba and Henson both produced this crazily overwrought stranger-danger B-movie , so they 're getting no free passes here .
Sometimes you fancy the finest caviar known to humanity . Other times you fancy some greasy fish and chips . No Good Deed belongs in the latter category .
There 's nothing to distinguish TV director Sam Miller 's pedestrian effort from scores of straight-to-download thrillers .
No Good Deed promises little , but , to its credit , it largely lives up to that promise . You do n't need to lower your expectations for the film ; it lowers them for you , roundly but quietly apologizing at every turn for not being better than it is .
A cunningly calculated pulp thriller that coincidentally arrives at a moment when outrage over violence against women has become impossible for even the NFL to ignore .
No Good Deed slouches toward its inevitable conclusion much like that rough beast to Bethlehem , falling apart and lacking all conviction .
begins as a not incompetent home-invasion thriller and ends with a nifty punch line about female empowerment . The problem is everything in between .
There should be something more exhilarating about the violent and hopeful epilogue finale than there is .
There 's no good brain in No Good Deed .
The suits at Screen Gems had the right idea . They just failed to carry it through . Their mistake was n't scrapping the picture 's press screenings . It was failing to scrap them all .
Not only did the `` twist '' they had been endlessly hyping come across as a limp afterthought , but the movie itself is a gruelingly unpleasant slog . `` No Good Deed '' deserves to be punished .
The first two words of the title effectively sum up this terrible movie .
Idris Elba and Taraji P. Henson are great actors , but No Good Deed is silly and cliché-riddled in spite of itself from beginning till end .
It 's a little dumb -LRB- OK , maybe more than a little -RRB- , but `` No Good Deed '' is an otherwise brisk , efficient thriller that wo n't punish audiences who drop in .
No Good Deed proves undone by a screenplay that is demonstrative even by genre standards , effectively wasting the talents of its two leads , Taraji P. Henson and Idris Elba .
No Good Deed practically fetishizes the brutality Idris Elba 's character inflicts on a number of women . It sexualizes him as a killing machine . It wants us to salivate over him and tremble before him simultaneously .
Thanks to Mr. Elba 's menacing intensity , a potentially mediocre variation on the theme ends up elevated into a tension-filled gutwrencher his loyal fans wo n't want to miss .
Nasty , ugly , extremely dumb home-invasion stinker ... meretricious junk .
In the end , No Good Deed is pretty much what it promises to be : your standard home-invasion thriller .
If there is any distinction that this may have , it might simply be that it is one of the worst theatrically released films of the year .
This slow burn violent thriller is too short -LRB- 84 min -RRB- and predictable enough that the `` twist '' is n't anything worth talking about or mentioning it by the water cooler .
One suspenseful , entertaining ride whose tense turns and thrills are further amplified when shared with an audience .
Not a single woman does what sensible women would , until the last two minutes when happy ending violence is all that 's left to do .
A bland twist ca n't save this movie from its own repetitive flaws and its uninspired script .
The final plot twist is about as fiendishly clever as an episode of General Hospital . Is that a spoiler ? You 're welcome .
With performers as strong as Henson and Elba , and the guidance of director Sam Miller , who 's worked with Elba in a handful of Luther episodes , it should have yielded more . The trite third act reveal only further sours the wasted potential .
No Good Deed is an example of the worst kind of exploitative thriller .
A few scenes succeed in generating legitimate tension , but this movie is n't so much a nail-biter as a very occasional hangnail-chewer .
An inert `` Cape Fear '' rehash that ca n't seem to choose its favorite contrivance .
The film is -- pardon the pun -- deadly serious ! It 's completely unaware that it is just a gussied-up Lifetime Movie Thriller of the Week . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
There are n't really any characters , at least none with any traits beyond `` good '' and `` bad . ''
This one certainly does n't go unpunished , at least for the audience .
Despite competent performances and packaging , dialogue and situations in Aimee Lagos ' script are too routine to create much excitement .
Screen Gems celebrates Violence Against Women Awareness Week with a brutal thriller about , you guessed it , a psychopath committing all sorts of violence against women .
There 's a thin line between cleverness and outright stupidity . No Good Deed jumps right over that line , pulls its pants down , and figuratively moons the audience .
a bad movie , poorly written and directed with little or no flair .
It 's certainly not good . But it 's not entirely dire .
In the end , it 's not about Colin 's menace or Terri 's survival , but how long the viewer can last before they realize nothing of consequence is going to happen in this inert movie .
`` it 's entirely because of Henson 's innate likability and charm that this film works at all . ''
If this is the best that Hollywood has to offer to two such talents , the system is even more messed up than previously suspected .
It is a testament to Elba 's and Henson 's talents that they both survive No Good Deed with their reputations intact .

@highlight

Dull , derivative , and generally uninspired , No Good Deed wastes its stars ' talents -- and the audience 's time .