Remarkably thoughtful , and also rather harrowing .
As intelligent and well assembled as The Square is , it lets its audience off the hook with a wink at every turn .
At times a searing social commentary , the darkly funny The Square is an indictment of the decadence of upper-middle-class inner city liberals and their cluelessness to everyone outside of their privileged bubbles .
Though it goes on a bit and loses its way in places , this funny and occasionally disturbing satire of the art world is a deserving winner .
The Square is undeniably entertaining , though its lasting use may be to demonstrate that movies can have the same effect as popping a coin in the collecting tin . Having seen the film , you can rest easy knowing you 've already given .
The main problem is that it takes potshots at about everything that is wrong with society . You feel like you 're watching a subject taking shape in the creator 's mind and then being abandoned for something else ... the acting is world-class , however .
A film as funny as it is stingingly accurate about the way in which the digital era encourages us to perform altruism whilst sheltering our private vanities and resentments .
The Square is long but that 's not a criticism because it 's never dull and manages to pack in some spectacularly unlikely set pieces .
It 's easy to dismiss The Square as a good-looking but over-extended art-house muddle . But those with the stamina to stick with Ruben Ostlund 's -LSB- film -RSB- may find some of its themes staying with them .
It gives Dadaists a dose of their own medicine .
Östlund at his best can have his cake and push it in your face .
Like Bobby McFerrin and Yo-Yo Ma 's oddly off-kilter rendition of Ave Maria , which echoes throughout the drama , The Square is a strange mix of pop and profundity : archly entertaining , occasionally grating and consistently uncomfortable .
Ostlund uses his setting to explore hidden inequalities in supposedly liberal societies , particularly those concerning masculinity , race and class , playing with our expectations about what is supposed to happen versus the uncomfortable results .
A satire gleefully poking fun at the pretensions of the art world and liberal Swedes ' earnest efforts to promote a dialogue on immigration and racism .
The Square is a fiercely witty comedy that requires and rewards patience from us ... but there is also something blunt and ill-conceived about The Square 's central thrust ... the film is principally a social critique , but it 's heavy-handed , even moralistic .
With The Square , writer-director Ruben Ostlund finally lives up to the potential seen in his previous films .
... an astoundingly smart film ...
Swedish writer-director Ruben Ostlund follows-up his memorably compelling 2014 relationship drama-cum-cringe-comedy Force Majeure with another thought-provoking meditation on modern social mores .
A bracingly original satire that highlights the growing divide between rich and poor and the failings of modern man .
Like director Ruben Östlund 's last movie , the phenomenal Force Majeure , his new one , The Square , is a bitingly hilarious satire about masculinity , and about the lies men tell themselves .
The Square picks at some pretty low-hanging fruit , but there 's fun to be had in the way it interrogates the moral commitment of artists and institutions intent on making great social claims for their work .
Östlund repeatedly picks apart our perception of class , race and self-righteousness . Along with Claes Bang , Elisabeth Moss , Dominic West and Terry Notary , he creates an uncomfortable experience on multiple levels , infused with dark comedy .
The Square is recommended viewing but only for the truly eclectic .
In spite of its lengthy running time and the darkness of its themes , the film is frequently very funny .
Östlund is a clever , dazzling misanthrope .
Ultimately , the philosophy at play is just too shallow and simplistic . Best viewed under the categories ` addictive sensationalism ' or ` sophisticated , accelerated soap . '
Another dazzling film by Sweden 's Ruben Östlund .
Pondering everything from free expression and sexual harassment to bourgeois guilt and migrant rage , this superbly acted saga may not always hit the target . But it unerringly leaves its mark .
Gloriously cynical and delightfully slapstick - take from it what you will .
Describing this as a film about art would be like describing Casablanca as a film about running a bar .
Östlund definitely takes a few pot shots at pretension , but he lets his comically-barbed scenarios meander into other unexpected territories .
There 's much here to enjoy , from Moss ' funny performance to some gags during a virtual cameo by Dominic West ... It 's a sometimes lushly cinematic saga that makes heavy -LRB- if sometimes awkward -RRB- points about all sorts of pressing contemporary topics .
The film is peculiar , funny and baffling , but never superficial . It delves into class , power and cowardice in a similar vein to Force Majeure .
The Square is littered with dramatic confrontations and struggles that make it engaging and accessible to a wider audience without undermining its thoughtfulness or ability to take outlandish risks and pull them off .
At its best , it skims sublimely from scene to scene , arousing constant knowing humour , satirical appreciation and - Östlund 's speciality - ambiguous dread , before arriving at the scene of the year .
The Square is satire at its finest and a hilarious takedown of snobbery and elitism .
The script is witty , the performances flawless , the ideas - mostly - profound .
The Square is not a film that says superficial things , or says them in a simple way . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A seriously oddball piece of work ...
If that sounds lofty , this is more surreal japery than suave satire . It plays out at times more like an arthouse-Jackass or a cringe-comedy made chucklingly icky-odd .
Unmissable .
... this is an `` intelligent , ingenious '' movie -LRB- as Agnès Jaoui , member of the jury -RRB- stated . Joyful and critical , we should add . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it lasts more than two hours , it flows quite well , replete with incredible performances and a story that feels almost like a direct attack . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The total is very much the sum of its terrific parts , although the film could , in all honesty , be a little shorter .
Ruben Östlund 's The Square is a much more goofier affair , an entertaining but episodic satire on the pretentious nature of the modern art industry .
The Square keeps viewers off-balance , taking on race and xenophobia , gender and abuse , poverty and class privilege with a sideways Nordic tone that is both hilarious and serious .
Yet , this movie is anything but misanthropic . And while it pokes at the pretensions of modern art , it does not dismiss it altogether .
Presenting itself as a balanced satire of everyone , Östlund 's `` I hate all people equally '' take is never satisfying .
The movie makes the audience laugh while looking covering its eyes in embarrassment for the characters . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Brilliant satire on the art world focused on the pretentious , Whitney Museum milieu in Sweden . A morality tale mixed with sketches that put SNL to shame .
Largely functions as a laundry list of scene concepts .
A funny comedy about modern art , upper class smugness and how thin the veneer of civilization is . It also has plot elements that do n't fit together , and the movie 's beginning and end seemed way too far apart .
But whether The Square is a masterpiece or complete garbage -LRB- or both ? -RRB- , at the very least , it 's a pleasure to see a talented , confident filmmaker so committed to thinking outside the box .
The Square is not especially subtle or groundbreaking , but its presentation is often quite novel . If you can manage the odd pacing and the loose plot , there is quite a bit of dark humor amid the discomfort .
An examination of social context , elitism , cultural bubbles and more , The Square is - to put it precisely - absolutely bonkers . But purposefully bonkers .
Östlund fills his film with uncomfortable moments - off-screen noises , crying babies , and one confounding sequence involving an artiste impersonating an ape - but it 's all in service of an idea : Hypocrisy , thy name is the 21st century .
The final act is where the film weaves a few of these zany scenarios into something far more complex that asks Christian deep moral questions , and by extension demands the audience to juxtapose all of it with their own lives
... The Square is further proof that in -LSB- director Ruben -RSB- Östlund we have an admirably ferocious social critic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Square stands as a triumph of ambition that results in a wildly mixed achievement , water balloons dropped by a prankish director on the art world 's many targets of opportunity .
... director -LSB- Robert Östlund -RSB- will shake the foundations of capitalist perfection through the moral abuse of his imperfect characters by letting them know just that , that they are not perfect . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unusual , ambiguous and brilliant , Ruben Östlund 's tragicomedy about contemporary art is one of the major films of 2017 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This slow-starting film picks up speed and action to effectively show the layers of racism in social relationships and the chaos caused by our own inconsistencies in how we see other people .
This is one movie that still will have you thinking about it long after the final credits roll .
The film 's wild ambition is commendable , but it does n't handle all of the challenges so capably
Elisabeth Moss , Dominic West , and Terry Notary bring their A games to complex roles .
The whole experience is rough going : sometimes numbing , sometimes horrifying , sometimes merely baffling . There 's a kind of artful artlessness at work here
Ruben Östlund 's dark comedy-drama The Square starts as a satire on the modern-art world -- a big fish in a small barrel -- but grows into a stinging examination of how well , or how poorly , we treat our fellow human beings .
-LSB- Director Ruben -RSB- Östlund 's skewering of passive modern culture and our instinct for self-preservation is both relentless and instantly relatable .
It deals with topics such as modern art , the trivialization and bastardization of journalism , the homeless , racism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
` The Square ' makes you uncomfortable ; it is off-putting , which may be -LRB- director Ruben -RRB- Ostlund 's intention .
... this tense high-society takedown remains taut , gawk-worthy , and thought-provoking , to say the least .
A forceful film that does n't disappoint . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The Square is a bold study of human selfishness and vulnerability , fully aware that the world today moves so fast , shouts so loud , and is unstable in a way that we have n't witnessed in recent history .
It works well as a cocktail of light reflections on the hypocrisy of society , but it does not probe rigorously into anything . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Has many brilliant moments .
It 's a satirical , wild ride . It 's ART !
Again and again , Ostlund returns to the theme of human behavior , and the uneasy comedy that can result when so-called civilized people are pushed out of their comfort zones . The iconic image in an Ostlund film is a nervous , frozen little smile .
Given the relationship of the installation to the film and the film to the installation , it 's impossible for one work not to overcloud one 's view of the other .
While Ostlund 's reach sometimes exceeds his grasp , it 's unsettling , even confusing , but also captivating .
Featuring a number of jaw-dropping sequences , `` The Square '' bites hard on social mores exposing the inherent hypocrisy associated with some of the loudest voices sounding the political correctness alarm .
Clearly , Östlund is reaching for more than a straightforward character/morality study with The Square , but in the process of looking for more , the movie loses its way .
It 's funny throughout - not to say that it inspires many laughs , but it 's full of irony and absurdity and is very smart .
A sly parable of white privilege brought low .
In its defense , `` The Square '' raises serious questions about wealth and poverty , about the power of images , about our responsibilities to people in need . And those are questions that are as relevant today as they 've ever been .
I do not understand it .
For me the excitement waned as the film got into the last stages of its 142-minute run time , but until then it fulfills the requirements of an arthouse roller-coaster ride .
As overindulgent as it is , The Square is a darkly humorous and horrific mirror to our culture .
Perhaps a tighter edit was in order , but commitment is rewarded with biting social commentary and satire , and a necessary pantsing of the contemporary art scene .
It 's unconventional and , at times , startling , but it 's far from vapid . Because of it , the film flies by despite its hefty running time , and it has plenty of staying power to boot .
-LSB- The Square is -RSB- funny , has an act that turns a person 's world and family upside down , has lots of uncomfortable situations , and uses a dash of surrealism .
-LSB- The Square -RSB- covers more than it can grasp , but its satire is almost always hilarious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Christian is just the right amount of the discernibly awful to highlight our own awfulness , and The Square is exactly the parody we need to address it .
To be clear , the film is definitely more good than bad , but -LSB- Ruben -RSB- Östlund has set a high bar for himself , and this could have been a lot more by being a lot less .
It 's a far cry from Östlund 's last film , the marvelous , men-are-chickens comedy `` Force Majeure . '' What 's missing this time is any real sense of drama .
a witty , if somewhat obvious , art world set satire examining the ` bystander effect , ' humankind 's willingness to help a stranger in need decreasing the larger the crowd is . Bang is perfection in the lead role ...
It gazes disturbingly , absurdly head-on as humans unused to conflict find themselves challenged .
As in his previous film Force Majeure , Ostlund has identified malaises in modern life . And he has layered questions about them , by the way ordinary situations turn absurd
Ruben Östlund 's -LRB- ` Force Majeure ' -RRB- latest feature is a blistering satire of the modern art world , and features a sequence that will make your jaw completely drop .
It 's laugh-out-loud funny and occasionally just plain silly . But it asks a serious question that seems more urgent with every passing day : `` How much inhumanity does it take before we access your humanity ? ''
Between the long running time , a few loose ends , and a random bonobo in Moss 's apartment , The Square does n't deliver the kind of concentrated thinking person 's entertainment as Östlund 's previous film .
152 minutes is an awful lot of this .
For all its stylishness and sophistication , `` The Square '' never adds up to more than its very attractive parts .
Östlund 's craft is immaculate , his range ambitious , his shifts of tone breathtaking .
Östlund gets at the what makes a movie like ` The Square ' seem even more provocative than it is : We love the idea that art should be confrontational . But we do n't really like to be confronted by it .
Bold , bizarre , and outrageously funny , but repetitive and occasionally drags .
Swedish director Ruben Ostlund 's art-world satire is frustratingly hit-and-miss . But when it hits , this slapstick tragedy will knock the wind out of you .
At what point do you become engaged with what is happening around you and what is the causal effect
The good parts of The Square - and there are quite a few of them - ca n't overcome the weaknesses , making this a decidedly mixed bag .
The Square is probably the film of the year - though that 's not necessarily a good thing .
There are many movies that aim to be both funny and philosophically astute , and most tend to be wild misfires . The Square is n't one of them .
... the movie effectively eviscerates the recognizably high-minded aloofness that defines them .
Language , sex , violence in award-winning dark comedy .
These questions of social action/inaction are certainly topical given our current political climate , but are Östlund 's machinations too existential ?
This is a sly social satire that demands patience from its audience , but like last year 's Toni Erdmann , there are ample rewards for those who stay the course . I wish The Square was shorter , but its major set pieces are brilliant .
The Square , where the enlightened and well-heeled are always gliding past beggars , remains a potent satire .
-LSB- A -RSB- wickedly funny film , which is mostly about a feeling problem-the gap between what we think we feel , as kind and caring people , and the deeds we actually do .
The argument in favor of The Square is not that it 's great fun to watch , but that it 's very entertaining to ponder after viewing . It lingers , both amusingly and disturbingly .
It 's a satire keeps the camera rolling after the punchline to allow time for the full , uncomfortable implication of the joke to settle .
Lands its bullseyes , over and over , with a faultless precision that grows duller with each strike .
`` The Square '' is ultimately a long version of Christian 's rambling apology , ostentatiously smart , maybe too much so for its own good , but ultimately complacent , craven and clueless .
Writer-director Ruben Ostlund can get a little surreal , most unsettlingly when the bizarre image or situation he 's put on screen makes you think , hmm , that could actually happen .
It affirms that art , this movie very much included , can tell us things about ourselves that we 'd prefer not to know .
It tries so hard to tweak the audience , it virtually breaks a sweat .
Navigating the nexus of hype , commerce , ego , and bullshit that drives the modern art scene , The Square is almost too perfect in its cunning simplicity .
Ruben Östlund 's latest film skewers artists and their patrons , immigrants and natives , and even the homeless . But it exemplifies the kind of middle-class , middle-brow , liberal intellectualism it 's supposed to be mocking .
The Square delivers a savage satire on the international art world .
-LSB- Ruben Östlund -RSB- is also a very effective filmmaker who see things happen in situations that seem to have nothing happening . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If the film has any flaw , it could be that it juggles too many good ideas . But why complain about that ?
The Square at times feels more like longform performance art than a narrative film . It 's social satire by way of art-world comedy , and no woke participant is exempt from its barbs .
The Square is a delight , a masterclass in anxiousness and discomfort pitted towards intellectual exploration .
The Square is both outlandishly funny and biting-and features a fascinating and sometimes disturbing performance by Terry Notary .
The genius of -LSB- Ruben -RSB- Östlund 's writing , and his careful staging of each major set piece , is that he 's never inviting the audience to sit back and simply laugh at the ridiculousness .
But in all its flawed brilliance , The Square remains an original , visceral , uncomfortable and essential viewing experience .
-LSB- Ruben -RSB- Ostlund is a master at showing the ways in which we are all bumbling fools at heart ; his cinema is a symphony of awkward interactions and stupid mistakes , building to a crescendo of ineptitude .
Point and laugh all you like but beware , The Square is a schadenfreude boomerang .
We have the skeleton of a great film smothered in too many layers of fat and gristle .
This Palme d'Or winner is a meaty film of ideas with instant-classic set-pieces and moments of mind-blowing freakiness , a stunning follow-up to Force Majeure .
Any compassionate gestures toward the lower depths of society , with nicely composed shots of the homeless on the street , feel too flimsy to carry critical weight .
The sharply observed , wryly funny work for addresses difficult questions about race and class that most people usually just whisper about .
The Square is an art installation outside the museum , a little zone in which `` we all share equal rights and obligations , '' and that concept informs much of the film 's satire .
What other filmmaker could get away with giving Moss ' character a chimpanzee for a flatmate and never commenting on it ?
` The Square ' is unlike anything you 've seen before
Östlund 's script becomes painfully drawn out , aching to build to a fulfillment that never really comes . This all partnered with a long runtime that feels both obnoxious and unnecessary .
Here is a lazy satire unworthy of a sneeze from such masters of the form as Lars von Trier . Perhaps one day Ruben Östlund will make a competent film ; do n't hold your breath .
Despite being 2.5 hours long , The Square is often bitingly original , and as a whole well worth the watch .
Faintly amusing , obscure , overlong and often as pretentious as the art world is mocks .
In scene after exquisitely staged scene , it threatens to put too fine a point on otherwise thrillingly indeterminate situational comedy .
The Square 's narrative is meandering and episodic , feeling almost like a feel-bad sketch comedy show than a traditional story .
As thought-provoking as it is hilarious .
The Square is a brilliant examination of the motivations of our own personal morality , and a truly amazing comedy .
It 's a visually striking , well-performed film that some people will adore and others will hate . I suspect it will be divisive , kind of like all great art , and I think that 's exactly how Ostlund wants it .
The Square turns from a sharp art-world satire into something egregiously bonkers , a mish-mash of blunt comic beats and heavy-handed social commentary .
-LSB- Ruben -RSB- Östlund 's provocative , keenly observed take on the contemporary art world is compulsively watchable .
An acerbic , entertaining , surreal and statement-making portrait .
In a picture this savage , smart and wildly ambitious , even the infuriating bits always feel like they 're part of Östlund 's playful game .
A potent , disturbing work that explores the boundaries of political correctness , artistic liberty and free speech in provocative ways .
The centrepiece sequence , which occurs about halfway through , is a veritable tour de force .
Bang delivers an incredible performance , his highly-strung and intensely self-important character constantly undermining the altruistic message at the heart of the story .
For all its caustic wit , The Square is a fiercely moral film . It knows wrong from right .
The Square contains many pleasures , as well as the single most extraordinary scene I have seen all year ...
Like Michael Haneke with a funny bone instead of a magnifying glass , Ruben Östlund 's vision of humanity is a bleak , almost faithless caricature of our most craven impulses . Nonetheless , there is truth in his perspective .
The film is n't as round as its previous work , but preserves the inherent seal of the director 's filmography . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's unfortunate that the film closes with much weakness and uses its best material in the first part . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a wonderful character study lurking within the confines of these vignettes , but Ostlund drifts between them in an unwieldy running time that never justifies its heft .
The film itself , two hours and 20 minutes long , would have benefited from a greater sense of the economy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The situations become intolerable because of their length , the jokes are as fancy as not very effective . I have no complicity with Ostlund 's sense of humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Square lives fueled by anger , by the need to tell everything on every plane , to overcome by accumulation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sagacious criticism of artistic snobbery full of absurd pretensions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Östlund is specific and exacting as a writer and director , and within The Square 's empty spaces , we 're forced to confront our own values , and our own visions of ourselves .
The result is somewhat disappointing because Östlund 's talent got buried by a pretentious accumulation of `` performances '' -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film 's approach could be interesting if it were n't because it tries to tackle too many things in more than two and a half hours of footage without them fit at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At its best , a turbulent subterranean river of uneasiness and sordidness beating under inventive and even disparate comedy records . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It does n't have the pure weapon-like clarity of Östlund 's previous film Force Majeure . But it sets out to make your jaw drop . And it succeeds .
Most of the film 's best scenes could function as their own short film ; string enough of them together and they all shed different light on a central theme , though never quite fully articulating it .
This is a movie with a lot on its mind , from art to altruism to the so-called bystander effect , and it could function as a Rorschach test for its audience , reflecting viewers ' anxieties and insecurities right back at them .
The Square does beguile with its elegant compositions , talking-point set-pieces and constant sense of provocation but ultimately it leaves you feeling that Östlund has bitten off more than he can chew .
Ostlund , at his best , is a heady and enthralling filmmaker , but unfortunately , he has so much on his mind that he is also , at his weakest , a shapeless and didactic one .
At times the film feels overly episodic and pleased with itself but this is a sharp and skilful dissection of bourgeois hypocrisies that resonates all too uncomfortably .

@highlight

The Square finds writer-director Ruben Östlund as ambitious as ever -- and delivering an unforgettably unusual work whose challenging themes pay thought-provoking dividends .