Fortunately , the original material of Montage of Heck is so captivating that -LSB- director Brett -RSB- Morgen 's intrusions do not ruin the multifaceted portrait we get of Cobain ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The unique method of tracking Kurt 's life through his diary entries , artwork , home movies , unheard songs , photographs , songbooks and demos unveil a side of him we have never seen .
It 's a rare profile that 's about the person instead of the personality , the artist instead of the art .
Montage of Heck is n't an investigation into its subject 's death so much as an homage to his creativity and life force -- it 's tender and sad .
Montage of Heck makes the tragic end of Cobain 's life more heartbreaking through it 's delicate retelling of his 27 years .
We see-almost from the inside-the evolution of Cobain 's sensitive brilliance and the art and destruction that it fed .
Morgen and his editors have simply done a remarkable job -- also an artful one -- in piecing together this residuum .
Montage of Heck is about the representation and self-representation of Kurt Cobain , a fascinating process for any figure whose entire fame was based on modes of self-representation .
Morgen 's movie is an eye-level , straight-on gaze at the soul that would turn rock music on its head when it was so desperately needed .
Montage of Heck is an insightful , moving mosaic that works to immerse you , for better or worse , inside Kurt Cobain 's creative process and personal demons .
On the subject of the life and death of Kurt Cobain there is still some work to be done , but Montage of Heck may be as close as we 'll get to moving on .
A masterful and often deeply moving portrait of a volatile American genius , a portrait that goes far beyond one man , one family and one rain-sodden small town .
Cobain 's life has been chronicled in scores of books and documentaries , but Montage of Heck feels fresh in the scope of material it includes , the way it 's presented , and the things it emphasizes .
Brett Morgen 's exhaustive tribute is aptly named and damn-near definitive .
It is n't a perfect film , but Montage of Heck 's portrayal of Kurt Cobain should be commended for its honesty .
Montage understands Cobain as an icon , but also as the mixed-up kid who got too famous too fast , and it seems content revealing , rather than reconciling , his contradictions .
With so much said about Cobain for the past two decades , it feels fitting that a compilation of his own words actually says the most .
-LSB- A -RSB- spell-casting documentary .
An exhaustive , haunting but suitably punk-rock hagiography of Kurt Cobain .
The result is a stunning audio-video hodgepodge that , in almost every case , captures some underlying essence of the Nirvana frontman .
Montage Of Heck makes an exceptionally compelling argument about the act of documentation in the form of the people and artifacts we leave behind .
If , like me , Nirvana were a big part of your youth this `` first official '' documentary is essential viewing .
Montage of Heck does n't speculate or lay blame for its hero 's premature passing . Instead , it presents a sincere account of a difficult subject , with unparalleled access , advantage and understanding .
It all adds up to a multi-dimensional look at Cobain - the genius , the loser , the magnetic rock star -LRB- even to his bandmates -RRB- - that will reawaken your inner teenage punk .
A poignant , profound , unflinching and heartrending portrait that scratches away our own mythologizing of an icon .
This very creative HBO documentary about the rise and fall of noted musician Kurt Cobain is disturbing , depressing and interesting . It is best suited for Cobain fans .
... it 's like walking in on someone naked . It 's a feeling you have to get used to because Morgen is committed to stripping the layers of dried , lifeless iconography off the wriggling ghost who is now synonymous with grunge .
Morgen has made a fittingly unruly patchwork distillation of a messy , self-destructive life . Romanticism and myth have been cast aside . A tidy documentary would only be possible about a less talented , less tormented artist .
Every aspect of the intensely private man 's life is laid bare in a way that straddles the line between celebratory and mercenary .
Each interviewee provides a piece to the puzzle , augmented by 8 mm home movies of Kurt 's youth , and personal , intimate footage of Kurt and Courtney on a heroin-infused six-month break from the band .
Outside of the artist and his persona , the music remains stirring in its headbanging glory .
Morgen 's lacerating collage swirls stock footage , animated interludes and brilliantly edited music cues into a slippery , impressionistic rendering , pitched at the wail of a soul in agony .
An intimate portrait of Kurt Cobain that allows us to see him as a person rather than a celebrity . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film succeeds in avoiding morbidity , offering instead a dissection of the artistic mind . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Morgen teases out aspects of Cobain 's life that had been largely overlooked , in particular his intense ambition to succeed and his huge fear of humiliation if he did n't .
It 's stylistically daring and emotionally wrenching , two things you do n't often see in the same film .
It 's an extraordinary cinematic portrait of a deeply complex man .
Morgen draws no distinction between meaningful artistic creation and the expression of private pain . Then again , blurring that distinction was always part of Nirvana 's achievement .
deft and fascinating
An intimate , sad , fascinating look at the Nirvana frontman , a rock star whose kind has all but disappeared .
Montage of Heck is a fascinating look at the man who created music that still matters to so many people .
Brett Morgen 's fierce , revealing and deeply moving portrait of rock icon Kurt Cobain is one of the best music documentaries in years .
Its brilliance is in its ability to portray a sense of being inside Cobain 's head , his music and the demons that plagued him
Both enlightening and exhausting , it goes beyond the headlines in a way that should please fans and outsiders alike .
His story is undoubtedly a tragedy and Morgen paints it like it was in a stylish juxtaposition of traditional biography and adventurous , raw filmmaking .
There 's an important critical dictum when one reviews documentaries that we need to be careful to focus on the form of the filmmaking as much as the content . Filmmaking matters more than subject matter . In this case , both are brilliant .
`` Montage of Heck '' does n't shock us with any new revelations , but it goes deep - sometimes , uncomfortably so - inside Cobain 's messy , restlessly creative , emotionally complex soul .
I could n't keep myself from mouthing the words . I could n't keep the sobs from rising in my throat .
The genius of the Montage is that Morgen eschews not only predictability , but also the pretext of trying to give definitive answers when the more rewarding path to understanding Cobain 's life and career is through questions .
A big part of Cobain 's music was about expressing his inner turmoil , and this movie accomplishes that again in ways that are often unexpected and moving .
Is n't an A to Z exploration of the Nirvana frontman 's history , but a full submersion into the viscous fluids of his life force , trying to locate the spirit that existed before the empty shell became famous on a global scale .
Does n't just summarize his life . He gets in deep , digging up his passions and relevant works of art .
This powerful film conjures Cobain 's full presence . He seems to stand -LRB- and leap and fall and crawl -RRB- before us , and it 's a mesmerizing sight .
An often brilliant , sometimes overheated but always humane documentary , one in which Nirvana 's music and fame is just the scaffolding to Cobain 's inner life .
The rarity of -LSB- the -RSB- source materials alone makes this film a must-see for any hard-core Nirvana fan .
-LSB- An -RSB- exhilarating , exhausting , two-hour-plus film , both an artful mosaic and a hammering barrage ...
Mr. Morgen is perhaps the leading revolutionary in American documentary filmmaking , a collagist/synthesist extraordinaire who has channeled Mr. Cobain 's physical legacy ... into a work of art completely his own .
Morgen 's made an impression of Cobain , which is a much more intuitive and vital enterprise .
For a mere 27 years , Cobain 's life was unusually well documented , often by himself , and the film feels as vivid as The Devil and Daniel Johnston in delivering an artist 's tortured interiority .
As the credits roll , it 's hard not to just root for the sensitive , progressive , fiercely creative Cobain and wish that he 'd lived long enough to find a little peace of mind .
Some Nirvana fans , who like their icons unblemished , may choose to look away . But it proves that Morgen is n't interested in hagiography . He wants to show us the real Kurt Cobain , warts and all .
At an exhaustive 2 hours and 12 minutes , the movie creates a portrait of Cobain that 's more intimate , and more disturbing , than any that fans have witnessed before .
Montage of Heck celebrates Cobain 's formidable talent and accomplishments , makes you wonder how much better he might have become if he had lived longer , and illuminates the demons that sometimes stalk the stars who shine brightest .
Though Cobain : Montage of Heck is unlikely to be the last word on the subject - the Nirvana legend is , ironically , far too lucrative now for that - it certainly deserves to be .
The argument for Cobain 's brilliance never quite convinces until towards the end , with his MTV Unplugged performance , in which a whole new compelling register to his talent emerges - too late for the film , and alas , for the singer himself .
Montage of Heck has a wonderful handmade feel , not unlike Jonathan Caouette 's wonderful 2003 auto-doc , Tarnation .
Morgen manages to stay clear of hagiography , instead compiling an exhilarating piece of film-making - one that 's fully in keeping with Cobain 's virtuosity .
The film emphasises Cobain 's creativity as well as the work ethic that went alongside his well-chronicled drug use .
The annoying title notwithstanding , Cobain : Montage of Heck does a decent job of capturing the charisma and restless creativity of Nirvana 's frontman Kurt Cobain without getting bogged down in hagiography .
Kurt Cobain 's death was now a generation ago , which gives some perspective to this hefty authorised docu-pic , with its huge and slightly indigestible trove of home movies and home video material .
Fascinating yet almost inevitably self-defeating .
Cobain is painted as a man who could be difficult and unpleasant , but here we see him as doting father , loving husband and someone with genuine empathy .
Slightly overlong and glosses over certain aspects but a profound examination of a tortured artist .
A galvanising portrait of a life : not deified , not vilified , but blazingly vivid . And , at 132 minutes , still over too soon .
Ultimately it 's a film that did n't need this many bells and whistles for it to pack an almighty punch .
Morgen 's doc magically captures something few rock docs convey : the heart and soul , the very essence of their subject .
It 's a striking portrait of a pivotal figure .
Though `` Montage of Heck '' is undoubtedly geared to fans , it gives them reason to be grateful for this guy and this band all over again .
Director Brett Morgen distinguishes the biographical documentary by viewing himself as more of a curator than a film director .
Reveals Cobain as a restless creative soul whose often disturbing drawings and raw confessional writings were as much a part of his artistic self as the songs he wrote and performed with Nirvana .
A needed Nirvana retrospective that at times is unfortunately mated to some not-particularly-insightful home movies of Kurt and Courtney . Makes you miss Kurt 's music , but not the mystique of Kurt .
A fascinating mix of archival and new materials creates a virtual autobiography for legendary grunge trio Nirvana 's late leader .
Morgen 's strange , wonderful , audio-visual assault takes an icon and makes him all too human .
Gets you right inside Cobain 's head - not always a pleasant place to be . Obviously a must-see .
Heartbreaking and aggravating , for all the right reasons .
` Montage of Heck ' is seriously entertaining and enjoyable , but also a moving portrait of a man that many wo n't soon forget .
The definitive Cobain documentary . There is nowhere else to go from here .
As a biographical documentation of Cobain 's life , and the forces that helped shape his music and his emotional being , Montage of Heck can be considered definitive .

@highlight

Kurt Cobain : Montage of Heck makes a persuasive case for its subject without resorting to hagiography -- and includes plenty of rare and unreleased footage for fans .