Unusual Australian drama has a few moments of violence .
What opens as a delightful kid-friendly drama closes as a stumbly , manipulative yawner .
There are times when cinematic heart-tugging takes on the character of a frontal assault . Opal Dream is one of them .
Opal Dream might be one of those movies that has to catch a viewer in the right mood , or be greeted with scorn .
The film succeeds because of the great lengths to which Ashmol goes to bring her peace of mind .
The film squeezes out its feel-good messages like toothpaste from a tube .
Although Opal Dream marks a pleasing departure from the conventions of the British comedy -- it 's based on a children 's book and set in the Australian outback -- it 's disappointingly small in scope .
A family-oriented film that does n't merely play lip-service to the power of imagination -- it actually demonstrates some of its own .
With its lessons of faith , family loyalty and the power of the imagination , this is one of the rare non-animated films parents can take their children to see .
Sophisticated cine philes are n't likely to go ga-ga over this one , but Opal Dream is a worthwhile family film , graced with an ambivalent , bittersweet ending and just the right touch of cinematic poetry turning on the gemstone in its title .
Should n't act as if parents appeasing their messed-up child is as moving as people actually giving in to the power of belief .
Catteneo directs the film with a relatively light touch and he manages to avoid too much schmaltz .
While Opal Dream draws liberally on timeworn dramatic staples , it 's the earnestness with which cast and crew believe in the material that keeps its dusty heart beating strong .
One of those heartwarming , ` It 's fun to pretend ! ' fables that 's fun for the whole family .
The main attraction of Opal Dream is its warm portrait of a family .
It 's tear-jerker material but ends up being quite touching , and it 's a good choice for family viewing .
A rather sweet tale about each family member struggling to accept the others on their own terms ... provides the sort of heartening , Capraesque movie moment of which we 'd all like to believe our lives are capable .
A slightly forced , but ultimately winning children 's story .
Opal Dream is saved by the charming and believable performances of the leading players .
The filmmaking is flat , straight , and thoroughly lacking in poetry , and the script tells instead of showing .
Slight and sweet unto shameless saccharine .
In the Australian outback , in the opal mining community of Coober Pedy , Rex Williamson -LRB- Vince Colosimo -RRB- hunts maniacally for the perfect stone while his family endures a life of dust and deprivation .
The film 's sweetness derives primarily from the relationship between Ashmol and his unusual sister , and draws much of its richness from the unfamiliar and fascinating world of opal prospecting .
You wo n't find male strippers in Opal Dream , by director Peter Cattaneo , who gave us the sleeper hit The Full Monty nearly a decade ago . This time , Cattaneo delivers a heartwarming family fable that parents and kids can enjoy .
Stories about a sickly girl , her imaginary friends and her indulgent daddy 's courtroom saga are probably best left on the page . Witness the queasy , up-with-people tear-jerker Opal Dream .
The finale will lift you up .
Opal Dream is an exceptional family film , arriving just in time for the Thanksgiving holiday .
A fable , and as such carrying few surprises , Opal Dream features solid acting and likable characters .
Opal Dreams is a sentimental film , and such a film needs more charm than it evokes in the United States .
Sweet themes are shoddily executed in Opal Dreams , another tale from director Peter Cattaneo about outsiders doggedly holding onto their aspirations .
This is another tale about dreamers , transplanted to the Australian opal-mining hub of Coober Pedy , where the frenzied quest for the rainbow-colored gemstones creates a modern-day gold rush atmosphere .
A touching Australian film about the healing and liberating powers of imagination and love in a besieged family and a divided mining community .


@highlight

Earnest performances and Peter Cattaneo 's sympathetic direction gives heart to the simple , timeworn script .