Lynne Ramsay 's third feature is a mishmash of soiled diapers , leaden musical cues and underlined soul-sickness .
Swinton hoists the film from a possibly melodramatic mire to a crushing discussion on the impact of nature vs. nurture .
A surprisingly pedestrian film from the usually engaging and inventive Lynne Ramsay , We Need to Talk About Kevin feels more like an early film by an American indie filmmaker looking for his/her big break .
-LSB- Ezra -RSB- Miller 's Kevin should now be considered the gold standard for sociopathic children .
Complex , disturbing , even frightening .
An acute and profound dissection of the genesis of a small , seemingly harmless being with an alarming potential for evil . I recommend you prepare before you see it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We 're not supposed to talk about a lot of the ugly feelings Kevin stirs up , but maybe we need to .
It becomes a film about her -LSB- Swinton -RSB- scattered mind . That produces wonders from Swinton , but it ignores the plea in the title . What about Kevin ? Kevin deserves so much more attention-indeed , he deserves being played by Tilda Swinton .
As a psychological study of a shattered mother struggling to make sense of a heinous crime carried out by her teenage son , it 's endlessly fascinating .
A high school killing spree leads to a captivating examination of parenthood and the ` nature vs nurture ' debate .
A real-world horror movie -- for parents .
It may not be a crowd-pleaser , but it 's not every day we get an emotional powerhouse of a film done this well .
We Need To Talk About Kevin is a brooding , unnerving but wholly rewarding film .
It would be easy to say that the film would be nothing without Tilda Swinton . It would n't , but the narrative is quite engaging and Swinton 's is n't the only terrific performance .
There 's an infinitely more impactful movie to be made that deals with the same subject but does n't take things to an unrealistic extreme . A son that 's not the very spawn of the devil is a solid place to start .
One of the most chilling films of 2011
The best horror penetrates beyond external vibe to internal thought-process and the film never truly takes us within the mother 's head .
Un drama psicológico tenso y abrumador , en algún punto quizás insoportable . Al final , nadie espera que se entienda por qué pasó lo que pasó , pero sí al menos que se tenga una aproximación a lo que es vivir con una pesadilla a cuestas .
Whatever you think of the philosophical weight of Ramsay 's film - I find it ... less nuanced than David Foster Wallace 's one liner that Hobbes was simply `` Rousseau in a dark mirror '' - there 's a fierce integrity in Swinton 's performance .
Irony clashes with disturbing drama
A powerful look inside a mother 's torment
A pretentious , unpleasant , woolly headed movie that 's nothing more than a cheesy horror picture for people who would n't be caught dead going to a cheesy horror picture .
Smug but fascinating : The movie is a woman 's cry of anguish for an unjust world that enables men at all levels of age and power to get away with cruelty , brutality , murder and even war because , well , ` that 's what boys DO . '
Swinton does n't say much ; she does n't have to . Her tear-stained eyes and anguished face carry all her emotions . In a career filled with so many terrific , subtle performances , this is clearly one of her best .
Rock Duer 's a shoo-in if they ever make Satan : The Toddler Years and Jasper Newell manages to project an aura of pure evil even in pull-ups , but it 's Ezra Miller as the adolescent Kevin who makes you believe you 're in the presence of an American monster .
Of all the nomination flubs made this past January by the Academy of Harvey Weinstein Arts and Sciences , the most egregious mistake was arguably the lack of a Best Actress nod for Tilda Swinton .
Watching it is n't easy , but it is definitely worth having waited for .
A meaty , full-fat , marrow-rich , extra-pulp vision of the nightmare side of motherhood , given realism by a pair of all-too believable performances .
Stylized to the point of absurdity , We Need to Talk About Kevin is little more than a blank , tarted-up cartoon , where Ramsey 's hyperbolic efforts seem orchestrated to camouflage the fact that she has nothing to say .
An unconventionally structured but thoroughly riveting indie drama , propelled by a searing performance from Tilda Swinton .
Swinton fans will take poor Eva to their bosoms without a second thought . Everyone else : Medicate before use .
We Need to Talk About Kevin is basically emotional torture porn as the camera lingers on Eva as she repeatedly suffers inhuman amounts of psychological distress while the audience wonders how much more she , and we , can take .
... this is not an easy story to tell and the filmmakers do it well .
Fragmented , dreamlike , a whir of memories and misery , We Need to Talk About Kevin is unsettling , but also somehow unnecessary .
`` We Need to Talk About Kevin '' is confrontational cinema that will leave you speechless .
Director Ramsay makes Kevin 's impact all the more felt by coming at it from all angles .
Brilliant and unrelentingly bleak .
It 's a hallmark of `` Kevin 's '' emotional bravery and intellectual honesty that the questions haunt us long after the end credits roll .
You understand the symbolism implied in Kevin 's choice of weapon , but I did n't really believe it could work as a WMD .
Some movies punish you , but you take it because you 're getting something out of the bargain : an insight , a performance , art , adrenaline . Then there are the movies that punish you for the heck of it .
No one does layered suffering like Swinton - you feel her pain and much more besides .
Swinton is brilliant in a difficult and painful film .
Works as a family drama , an American horror story , and a strong argument for birth control .
I honestly could not take this art house Omen seriously , however much fun it may be to watch Swinton suffer and however languid and lyrical director Lynne Ramsay 's visual compositions might be .
-LSB- F -RSB- eels like sleeptime indigestion finally cooling off .
An annoying provocation with too little to say , a serious credibility deficit , a whiff of misandry , and a miscalculated , unseemly gusto for abusing its hero . Instead of having catharsis , the audience just gets had .
I realize that , in praising the film , I 've probably talked most readers out of seeing it . But it 's an undeniably powerful piece of art that engages fully with its disturbing subject matter .
Director Ramsay seems intent on scaring parents everywhere , but she also wants this cautionary tale to make us think too .
Ramsay may be aiming for a character study of Kevin , but she ends up merely listing the ingredients needed to make a murderer .
Lynne Ramsay 's thoughtful , unnerving film works its strange power over viewers who are likely to find themselves as compelled as repelled by its fatally flawed key players .
The narrative strategy amounts to little more than film-school strenuousness , and in the end it ca n't conceal the movie 's essential crudeness - its coarse , artless dialogue , blank character writing and intellectual vacuity .
Imagine The Good Son re-dreamt by Nicolas Roeg , and you might have something close to Lynne Ramsay 's We Need To Talk About Kevin ...
Ramsay , filming in lurid reds and unblinking close-ups , lets no one off the hook here ; this is truly a domestic horror story , with no easy answers and nobody blameless .
Tilda Swinton is the star of We Need to Talk About Kevin , and her performance is so complex and volcanic and transfixing that all of the film 's flaws melt away .
... leans a little too far into the self consciously arty and the horror aspects of the tale at the expense of the psychological .
The film investigates the world of parenting in a fashion far removed from the usual candy-coated vision of mommies-and-babies-in-love .
There 's no equivocating ... over the excellence of the acting by Swinton and casting find Ezra Miller
We Need To Talk About Kevin is a modern American horror story , and one that in the wake of Columbine and other apparently random teen atrocities , strikes me as tremendously brave .
I would be more willing to suspend my disbelief if the movie did n't drag me through this stupid psychological deterministic slime . While I do admire the filmmaking craft that went into it , the experience of watching it is less than satisfying .
The use of red is so overdone that you assume the color must be paying for some sort of product placement .
Nothing seared my consciousness like the stunning work from Tilda Swinton in `` We Need to Talk About Kevin . ''
I am simply stupefied that Swinton was not given an Academy nomination . She is marvelous and heartbreakingly realistic .
Commendable for an outstanding performance by Swinton and a chillingly robotic turn from Miller
Refuses to take the easy route and simply condemn Kevin as evil incarnate ... or pin the blame on whatever Eva may have done to help create him .
You will emerge from the theater with a need for a drink and a shower , a possible recalibration on your views regarding birth control and a burning desire to never see it again for as long as you live
The boy -LRB- played by a trio of child actors -RRB- is so unremittingly evil that the movie begins to feel like a grotesque remake of that old John Ritter comedy Problem Child .
Swinton is astounding .
How was that not obvious a long time ago ?
That the film works so brilliantly is a tribute in large part to the actors .
Great performances within a very depressing story . Do not look for the light at the end of the tunnel .
Kevin is an extraordinary work from Ramsay , a filmmaker with an uncommon gift for getting at the inner psychology of her characters through striking visuals .
A disturbing exploration of every parent 's worst nightmare .
To say that this is not an easy film to watch is putting it mildly . No one would deny Tilda Swinton 's superior performance , but people were sharply divided when We Need to Talk About Kevin screened at the Telluride Film Festival last fall .
A film so impeccably created it will will take your breath away . Not that you have much breath to spare , considering the state of sustained suspense that physically spell-binds you to your seat .
This powerful , provocative movie breaks your heart and sends a chill up your spine simultaneously .
After the fact , story outline can be pieced together , but beyond essential motivation , there also remain a number of unintentional loose ends .
It 's a creepy and disturbing movie , but there 's not a lot going on behind people 's eyes . The soullessness lacks soul .
Acting does n't get much better than the subtly brilliant display put on by Tilda Swinton in We Need to Talk About Kevin .
We fear the hideous worst , and we turn out to be right .
This thoroughly well-crafted , if rigidly conceived film could use a little more talking -- at least some therapy ! -- about Kevin .
A grim film to watch , but an unforgettable one . Because of Swinton 's marvelous acting , we believe every emotion she displays as her character experiences grief , guilt , loneliness and despair .
Ponderously sinister and savage , it 's difficult to endure and primarily notable for Tilda Swinton 's agonized performance .
I 'm a sucker for Hitchcock , and last year Jeff Nichols showed he knew his Hitch in Take Shelter -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . But perhaps Lynne Ramsay knows her Hitchcock even better .
Familial devotion has seldom been so horrifically explored on the screen .
You know those television shows where ... it says ` three days earlier ' with an explanation of how they got there ? It 's like that -LRB- but in no way satisfying here -RRB- .
`` We 're still blaming mothers . '' - Joyce Flint , Jeffrey Dahmer 's mother .
Elements of threat are established , yet everything in the picture is frustratingly ephemeral , unwilling to foster menace in a manner that reflects Kevin 's own growing evil .
It 's a nightmare , and director Lynne Ramsay emphasizes that by giving the story a surreal , dreamlike spin .
... the most obvious anti-child rant ever realized by a mostly mainstream motion picture .
`` We Need to Talk About Kevin '' has a fitting title ; once seen , it will be impossible for viewers to hold back on their conversations about it .
Despite the degree of control Ramsay exercises , what 's likely to stick with you ... is the portrait Miller draws of unfathomable malice and Swinton of tortured incomprehension .
When Ramsay bombards us with editing tricks and an excess of visual style , it feels like dazzle camouflage designed to cover up the fact that she ultimately does n't seem to have much to say on the subject .
Bleak film about disturbed teen is difficult to watch .
A performance like Swinton 's - so gorgeously and painfully calibrated - is something to behold .
This is a fine drama that is sadly a sign of the times .
What it does do , with stomach-freezing efficacy , is to swim around inside the pain of a parent whose child is a monster .
-LSB- H -RSB- owever Eva flagellates herself for her failings , I never got the feeling anything she did could have changed the outcome .
As a horror film , it 's cheap and obvious . As a message movie it 's heavy-handed . And as both combined , it 's appalling .
The film 's bluntness does n't diminish the power of the nature-versus-nurture questions Eva 's asking herself . Or of Swinton 's harrowing portrait of parental guilt .
Even in the film 's weaker stretches , the fierce presence of Tilda Swinton made it impossible to tear my eyes away .
It 's a domestic horror story that literally gets to us where we live , a disturbing tale told with uncompromising emotionality and great skill by filmmaker Lynne Ramsay .
-LSB- Swinton is -RSB- always the most compelling presence in any movie she 's in , even when everything around her feels overworked or half-baked .
The movie is at its best when it uneasily makes you weigh nature versus nurture , and will probably cause more than one person to reinvest in birth control .
One of the most beautifully bleak psychological fake-outs the cinema 's given us in years .
Swinton and Reilly make no sense as a couple , which is all of a piece with `` We Need To Talk About Kevin , '' where everyone 's motivations manage to seem simultaneously arbitrary and inevitable pretty much all the time .
It 's a gripping , grueling movie , but is it one most American parents will want to watch ? Probably not , and I ca n't blame them . But is it one many American parents should see ? Absolutely .
It 's an arty horror movie set within the context of a dysfunctional family , focusing on the massively strained relationship between a conflicted mother and a sociopathic son .
Lynne Ramsay 's -LRB- Morvern Callar -RRB- first narrative feature in nine years is uncomfortably tense but worth savoring , particularly because of Tilda Swinton 's devastating lead performance .
Ms. Ramsay , with ruthless ingenuity , creates a deeper dread and a more acute feeling of anticipation by allowing us to think we know what is coming and then shocking us with the extent of our ignorance .
An unsettling drama with a chilling portrait of a destructive mother-and-son relationship that eventually impacts the lives of others .
`` We Need to Talk About Kevin '' is n't afraid of the conversation , no matter how painful .
Evil psycho kids can often be a guilty cinematic pleasure , but here , the pretentious , self-conscious , slow direction drains all of the fun .
We Need To Talk About Kevin does n't just bring you to the outskirts of a parent 's worst nightmare ; this fever dream of guilt and loss takes you straight inside .
This is a depressing motion picture , yet the issues it addresses are real , especially in a world where the term `` childhood innocence '' is losing all meaning .
The movie is creepy , but it has no texture or depth . It 's like The Omen directed by Miranda July .
Not technically a horror movie , but ... could easily qualify as one of the scariest films you 'll ever see .
View more MSN videosGo to MSN Video One of the most relentlessly and purposefully harrowing movies of the year ...
A powerful cerebral film .
A fine artistic statement from Ramsay that will shake you up with performances by Swinton and Miller that effectively hit their mark .
Were it not for Swinton 's magnetism , it would be unbearable . Instead , you 'll want to stay for the wallop .
By treating Kevin 's evil as a mystery to be solved , Ramsay only succeeds in making what was once allusive banal .
One of the best horror films of the year . By far .
The actors are uniformly skillful -LRB- and Reilly 's voice is one of the current cinema 's charms -RRB- , but Ramsay gives them little but prefabricated attitudes to work with .
What we really need to talk about is the fraudulence of Lynne Ramsay 's overripe collage of bright colors , smug pop music , and flimsy characterizations .
An irritating , morbid , and unfocused picture ...
It 's not gon na be a pleasant chat .
A morbid , misguided mess with a fractured narrative , guaranteed to drive audiences away in droves .
As harrowing and beautifully constructed and fully-experienced as any other work of 2011 cinema .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Forced , stultifying , and artificial , `` We Need to Talk About Kevin '' is director Lynne Ramsay 's off-key treatment of Lionel Shriver 's novel ...
Do n't see it if you 're pregnant . Seriously .
One of the year 's most difficult to watch films is also one of its finest .
The question of whether evil is a product of nature or nurture is explored in the unsettling drama We Need To Talk About Kevin .
A remarkable film because it talks about taboos - that we might not love our own children , that there are more victims in murder than just those who died - and it does it in a powerful , incisive and mesmerising way .
This is a stunning film ; it 's not an easy one , it 's confronting and tragic , but it grips you and wo n't let you go from the quite bizarre opening scene .
We Need to Talk About Kevin is a nightmare movie ; disjointed , dizzying , and disturbing at a primal level ... -LSB- Ramsay -RSB- creates a horrifying , beautiful canvass for Swinton to deliver some of her best work .
This is sensory and visceral cinema at its most compelling and expertly crafted .
The result ... is a missed opportunity to explore the darkest corners of the human condition : the mother of evil
A complex and disturbing film that compounds as it goes along . It 's not an easy film to watch but yet another great platform for Swinton and a statement from Ramsay
Superbly crafted , deeply unsettling ... A `` Bad Seed '' for the 21st century , it raises provocative questions about nature vs. nurture when it comes to the development of sociopathic children . One of the ten best films of 2011 .
Swinton is as mesmerising as ever , although the show is stolen by the two Kevins - teenager Ezra Miller and youngster Jasper Newell .
The back and forth narrative makes a few plot points hard to follow , but overall this is an artful portrayal of every mother 's worst nightmare .
As a prickly , leftist , brunette Armenian-American , Tilda Swinton is n't , prima facie , ideal casting , but it 's hard to imagine a certain kind of effortful , teeth-gritting , fundamentally reluctant motherhood being nailed much better .
Tilda Swinton delivers one of the finest performances of her career as an American woman grappling with grief and guilt ... once a bohemian free spirit brimming with acerbic intelligence , -LSB- she -RSB- looks as though she 's been flayed raw by tragedy .
The courageously uningratiating Tilda Swinton has never been better .
It 's hugely impressive that with no redemption in sight , you 'll still remain glued to the screen until the bitter end .
Offers plenty of questions about its well disguised , bleak core subject matter . And , in a welcome change , food for thought instead of easy answers .
Although this is more a psychological drama than a horror in the traditional sense , it possesses an ability to shock that most modern chillers ca n't touch .
It 's worth pointing out that Ramsay 's film is a bold one in terms of current sensibilities .
As Eva , Tilda Swinton is sublime . Her strange beauty , so etiolated and androgynous , has never been better used .
On the page , it 's chilling ; on the big screen , equally so .
Tilda Swinton 's performance is towering , but the story around her does n't convince .
A peculiar , liquid film . Dreamy as all hell .
It shows you one thing then shows you another , and asks you to connect the dots to dizzying , ferocious effect .
Ramsay has distilled the essence of the novel into a chilling cinematic work of art .
Like The Omen without the supernatural guff , Kevin plays on all our worst fears about parenthood .
Expectant mothers , look away .
It all builds , very slowly but powerfully , to an harrowing , gripping climax .
Atmospheric and beautifully shot but ultimately empty and meaningless ...
Stunningly directed and brilliantly written , this is a haunting , provocative and emotionally devastating drama with an Oscar-worthy central performance from Tilda Swinton .
One of the most chilling social thrillers out this year with some powerhouse performances from Swinton and Miller .
This is the most malevolent movie in years .
Guaranteed to haunt you for days , and possibly prompt a rethink on your position on parenthood .
This is a trenchant and thought-provoking treatise on modern families , specifically the put-upon mother , whose role is to raise , to nurture , and tragically , to account for the terrible things her children might do .
If ever a movie gave you a hankering for jam and a vasectomy in one sitting , it would certainly be Lynne Ramsay 's latest .
As mentioned , I think the film is flawed but it must make a piece like this one simply because you wo n't see many better performances than Swinton 's , not just at this year 's fest , but anywhere in 2011 .
It 's probably more something to be endured rather than enjoyed . However , it 's certainly something deserving of attention .
Lynn Ramsay 's third film is visually weak but themtically strong , a horror tale contesting cultural taboos about motherhood , dysfunctional families , and troubled sons .
... a freewheeling , impressionist piece of work that is , at the outset , nothing short of exhilarating .
The creepy film paints a nasty portrait of a dysfunctional mother and son , . . It tends to have a polarizing effect , -LSB- parents may -RSB- feel prickles of discomfort and recognition at its sympathetic portrait of a mother who never bonds with her malevolent son .
We Need to Talk About Kevin affirms that Lynne Ramsay is the heir apparent to Terrence Malick ...
I had a tentative reaction to Ramsay 's Morvern Callar at first before thinking it one of the last decade 's best films ; I suspect this might play better over time , too .
In her first movie since 2002 's magnificent Morvern Callar , Ramsay continues her fascination with textures , at times reducing her lead character 's world to impressionistic fragments : her hands , a wall , splashes of paint , et cetera .
Ezra Miller 's sneering , absurdly precocious evil-child performance makes him just another bad-seed horror villain .
Nothing if not engaging and intense ; it set my teeth on edge even though I knew what was coming .
Emotionally complex , expertly paced and filled to bursting with Ezra Miller 's troublingly-sexy psychopathic face .
This is , in a way , a real horror film about everyday things and a disconnected family .
What I saw was two hours of posturing brutalism , naff expressionism and the destruction of credibility by grand guignol .
Lynne Ramsay 's We Need To Talk About Kevin might just be the scariest film about parenting yet made .
` We Need To Talk About Kevin ' is thought-provoking , confident and fearless .
The film is the comeback fans of Ratcatcher and Morvern Callar will have been hoping for , and offers more proof that Ramsay is one of the most exciting and daring young directors around .
This did n't just work for me as a film ... it feels like an experience only barely survived .
Present in every scene so that there 's no doubt that her character 's consciousness is filtering what 's seen , Swinton delivers a concrete-hard central perf that 's up there with her best work .
A compulsively powerful adaptation of Lionel Shriver 's much acclaimed bestseller .
It 's testament to the Ratcatcher director that there is still much to admire here .
A bleak and traumatic drama marked by a blistering performance from Swinton .
There are so many great things happening on almost every level of this movie , from Swinton 's haunting , magnetic and tremendously vulnerable performance ...
Part horror , part drama , part cautionary tale , We Need to Talk About Kevin is a film that will lodge in your memory long after the end credits .
With no resolution or redemption on offer , it 's remarkable how easily Ramsay sustains our interest right to the very end .
Instead of trying to do a soft-shoe around the hallowed bond between mothers and sons , Ramsay treads fearlessly into some scary , unspoken territory .
What happens when bad children happen to good parents ? Does it mean they are not , in fact , as good as they had imagined themselves to be ? With these questions , British director Lynne Ramsay has created a nihilist tale of guilt and horror .
Without Swinton , often seen in close-up , the film might have sunk without trace under the weight of its morbid subject matter . But she is pitch perfect throughout , restrained but still forceful .





@highlight

We Need to Talk About Kevin is a masterful blend of drama and horror , with fantastic performances across the board -LRB- Tilda Swinton especially , delivering one of her very best -RRB- .