Filled with cheap slapstick , annoying high-pitched singing , and a variety of fart gags , all of which amused my daughter but not me .
Colourful but uninspired .
It has its fun moments , especially when those little guys sing `` Funky Town . ''
This new movie nicely updates the chipmunks into the realm of CGI animation and seamlessly places them in the real world .
They 're baaaaack .
There is a chance I have simply outgrown Alvin , Simon and Theodore . But I can still recognize a quality film and this is n't it .
The screenwriters capably update the 49-year-old critters for socially relevant times , give or take a little suspension of disbelief .
OK !!! Here I sit - and I 'm not kidding about this - typing away and listening to a song that could be one of the first bits of music I ever heard .
A lot like candy , sweet and pleasing , but ultimately disposable and empty ...
When Dave achieves such relative maturity , Claire likes him again , ensuring that you know he 's appropriately heterosexual . What she thinks of mothering little furry creatures does n't come up .
Nem mesmo o visual engraçadinho dos esquilos e a ironia de David Cross conseguem trazer charme a um roteiro óbvio e sem graça , à atuação sem vida de Jason Lee e à direção frouxa de Hill .
... has clearly been geared exclusively towards younger viewers -LRB- indiscriminating , undemanding younger viewers at that -RRB- .
Who decided ` Witch Doctor ' - with its nonsense lyric ` Oo-ee , oo-ah-ah , ting-tang , walla-walla , bing-bang ' - needed a hip-hop update ?
It 's one of those movies where the wretched actors have to pretend to know what 's going on as the CG effects take place beside and around them . They do their best . But it 's Alvin and co that toddlers will appreciate .
An endearing effort that will appeal to under-10s with its slight tale of the three all-talking , all-singing rodents .
Kids will be nuts about this chipmunk movie .
While sure to secretly entertain the child in all us adults , here 's a flick absolutely guaranteed to entrance the under-10s .
Trite family values , mediocre CGI and a shallow anti-exploitation message do little to fill the fun-gap . Still , hard to deny the buck-toothed buggers their one moment of glory : an a cappella take on ` Funkytown ' .
Nippers will love it -LRB- it did incredible opening weekend business in the States -RRB- but adults may find themselves idly dreaming of gin traps .
Pure hell .
Is it for kids ? Adults ? Marsupials ? Martians ? Who can tell . Jason Lee from My Name Is Earl stars - if that is the word - in this thoroughly brain-dead semi-animated family comedy .
It 's the kind of family entertainment that makes you reach for the shotgun .
If the idea of three squeaky-voiced squirrels as pop gods makes you shudder , Alvin And The Chipmunks wo n't make you change your mind - but there 's enough spritely mischief in this flawed family comedy to provide some light-hearted fun .
Nostalgia counts for something , I suppose , so while I would n't exactly recommend this thing , I at least found it kind of innocuous .
The musical numbers are initially appealing - think close harmonies and smart foot stepping to the likes of ` Funkytown ' - but the novelty is likely to wear thin for adults when the ` munks get kitted out as a street boy band .
Fun musical numbers and cartoonish humour give way to a bland sermon about the evils of the music industry .
Desperately conceived on every level , this forlorn family film amounts to little more than celluloid roadkill .
The acting is fine and the Chipmunks are cute but the script is poorly developed and there are very few actual laughs .
My personal belief is that no chipmunk in its right mind could be made to sing ` ting-tang-walla-walla-bing-bang ' at gunpoint .
It 's not that bad . It 's just kind of gross and upsetting .
Four out of five stars for being cuter , funnier , and , besides , the character design far exceeded my expectations .
With such a thin plot , the CGI here is adequate yet underwhelming , and the same can be said for the gags
Arguably the most irritating novelty act in record history gets a CGI-updating ... and the result is pretty annoying itself .
It 's fairly awful .
The story may be non-existent and the acting pedestrian at best , but the chipmunks are just so darn cute that the film will make you smile-you may even sing along at times .
It 's not made for the pretentious New York film critic . Instead , it 's a film filled with slapstick , silliness and its fair share of bathroom humor .
Unfortunately , this movie relies too much on its human actors , who are no match for Alvin , Simon and Theodore .
Alvin is n't nearly as bad as Fox 's marketing has been threatening , but it is n't a delight either ... a glorified direct-to-video release .
It 's as if the capitalistic ventures of entertainment and the development of new technology have joined forces to ruin my childhood memories .
Yes , the movie is juvenile and occasionally stupid . What do you expect in a story about singing chipmunks ?
Hollywood continues its tired milking of old television properties with Alvin and the Chipmunks , a slick updating of the musical-cartoon franchise .
Shockingly , the movie 's easy to like -- an anti-Hannah Montana parable in which young performers discover they prefer the comfort and security of home to the high-pressure glitz of rock and roll stardom .
Alvin and the Chipmunks goes in one eye and out the other , featuring a CGI Alvin , Simon and Theodore interacting with a human-ish world .
Sure , rodents are hot this year . But unlike Ratatouille 's chef prodigy Remy , these mischief makers bring nothing new to the table .
Me , I want a hula hoop .
This film features what look like living plush toys .
You could do worse .
Between the occasional amusing joke and catchy musical number , this Alvin update is a very soulless movie .
It 's a free-fall into total plastic . Kids deserve better . Alvin , Simon and Theodore deserve better . But 't is the season to take what you get .
The film engages for about 30 minutes , or about 10 minutes longer than you might expect . This picture , after all , has only one idea : chipmunks that talk and sing . It 's the same idea that fueled novelty recordings and a two cartoon series .
For adults , it 's like being hit over the head with a mallet every 10 seconds for 90 minutes . Two days later , I still had a headache .
Oh , come on . Do you really care ? And even if you do , you should n't .
Dang it , the little animated rodents are cute . Not as cute as the über-rendered daemons of The Golden Compass , but they 'll do .
Could 've been a lot worse ; it 's a singing chipmunk movie , for Pete 's sake .
Alvin And The Chipmunks moves , little children love it and it 's not too painful for adults . All in all , an okay little hit of helium .
Ah , nuts .
Young viewers will enjoy the slapstick , while parents will relate to Lee 's amiable frustration as the trio 's surrogate dad .
I was also grateful that Alvin wears a red sweater with a big ` A ' on it as an aid to identification , since otherwise all the chipmunks seem to be identical , like Mutant Turtles or Spice Girls .
The film veers into formulaic Disney Channel territory .
The script leans heavily on the pranks and big-eyed cuteness of the li'l guys and leaves the live actors with unfunny dialogue and nothing to do .
Will true love prevail ? Will Dave grow a backbone -LRB- and some real songwriting talent -RRB- ? And most important , will Alvin , Simon , and Theodore survive this bland new form of chipmunk mania ? They shoot rodents , do n't they ?
Whatever residual affection you may harbor for the Chipmunks will vanish completely if you fork over good money to see this cheaply made and aggravatingly stupid movie .
All you really need to know about this new version of Alvin and the Chipmunks is that is sucks .
... disposable junk that 'll probably be forgotten in a month .
I went into this movie with expectations that could n't get much lower , but came out a fan of Alvin , Simon , and Theodore ... and Dave , for making us care about them as much as he does .
That it is harmless entertainment for the youngsters is fine , but do n't confuse this with quality entertainment .
By the end of the movie , even the Chipmunks ' youngest fans will find themselves wishing that Alvin and the boys would get back to where they once belonged : a tree .
By far the funniest thing about this painful , if not quite insufferable , family comedy from Fox is its bold stance against merchandising and tie-in marketing .
Kids at the preview screening ate it up but everyone else will probably be shouting ` ALVIN !!! SHUT THE F *** UP ! ' ''
I guess we should count it a Christmas miracle that the film is merely bad , rather than apocalyptically bad .
Tiny furry nut-gathering mammals trying to cheer you up via song turns out to be surprisingly merry .
Soul-numbing .
It 's telling when the biggest reaction from kids is n't from those high-pitched voices or the various goofy shenanigans , but instead comes from the sing-along theme song for Spongebob .
It is hard to hate cute little talking chipmunks who love waffles , so maybe you can say I was annoyed .
preplanned pandering at its most callous .
'' ... even if Alvin and the Chipmunks has one hand reaching for your wallet , at the very least its heart seems to be in the right place . ''
The original recordings of Alvin were among the lowest moments in the history of popular culture . This soulless rehash , with its fart and poop jokes , proves that even one-note wonders can be diminished .
Sure , the jokes are obvious , the plot 's a little corny -- but c'mon , it 's a movie about talking chipmunks .
There is one surprise -- it 's not as eye-gougingly awful as you might expect . It 's simply mediocre and immediately forgettable .
It 's all about good , clean fun , both for kids absorbed in the cuddly creatures -LRB- especially when they sing -RRB- and for their parents , unexpectedly hooked by the nostalgia they evoke .
At times funny , and even occasionally witty , Alvin and the Chipmunks is a lively , entertaining romp that will certainly bring smiles to the young ones this holiday season .
The sight of enhanced Alvin and the Chipmunks in the movie of the same name is far less squirm-inducing than one might have feared .
It becomes a little difficult to distinguish exploitive `` Uncle Ian '' from the folks trying very hard to keep this fragile idea alive and making money . The big difference is that Uncle Ian wears out the Chipmunks and this movie wears out its welcome .
What happened to Alvin , the rodent counterpart of Dennis the Menace ? Was he declawed in the translation to CGI ?
The characters are underwhelming in their appeal , lacking the charm of their previous animated incarnations .
A harmless and frequently humorous trifle .
Children may laugh at the broad humor , but what 's lurking underneath the comedy is dark and disheartening .
The movie manages to charm us , solely because of the inherent cuteness of its CGI stars , the famous singing chipmunks .
It 's a fine-enough kids movie . Cute . Nice lesson . And better than you 'd think .
The little beasties in the new film are computer-generated , reasonably realistic -LRB- way ahead of Garfield -RRB- and cute . It 's not their fault the humans , especially Jason Lee 's Dave Seville , are excruciatingly boring .
Thank goodness Alvin and the gang are back so they can fart in Dave 's face , say things like `` Sup playa ? ' and sing ` Do n't Cha ' in the shower .
CGI critters are silly -- but very kid-friendly .
Thanks to Alvin and the Chipmunks , the Fab Fur make a comeback any pre-K kid would love .
Alvin , Theodore , and Simon have the only good lines or recognizable emotions , with Jason Lee and David Cross straining to flesh out their cardboard roles .
What we get instead is Alvin , Simon and Theodore lovingly rendered huggably fuzzy in CG , which apparently sapped all the movie 's budget so that such things as continuity and art direction have gone out the window .
Should be sent to the same movie pound as the recent Garfield pictures .
When Lee 's finally called upon to yell the trademark ` Alllllvin ! ' it feels like a forced whimper that only reminds us how stale the decades-old material is .
There 's just not enough here for a movie . It 's almost as if some ideas were meant to live for three and a half minutes each Christmas season , not to get stretched to the breaking point for 50 years .
At least this film , based on classic characters , is bright and energetic , because it 's otherwise condescending , corny and utterly unfunny .
Hum-drum but family-friendly .
If you love The Chipmunks , this is a great new chapter to add to your memories .









@highlight

Though cutely rendered , Alvin and the Chipmunks suffers from bland potty humor and a rehashed kids ' movie formula .