`` The Last Word '' begins with a tart comic premise and then adds heapful after heapful of sugar until the sweetness is almost unbearable .
Each move is a telegraphed step away from the movie we started out liking .
The plot is not only predictable ; it is forced , and lacks a single believable minute . MacLaine deserved so much more than this .
Rather than spend undue attention on these elements , Pellington works his magic by tapping into the talents of his leads . Both MacLaine and Seyfried use their eyes and the act of watching to reveal who these women truly are .
This has some sweet and funny moments but , at others , feels contrived , clunky and way too long .
It manages to avoid being too formulaic .
Director Mark Pellington knows how to pace a scene , to trust his actors , and let character unfold . Writer Stuart Ross Fink writes interaction that captures the personality without overdoing the point .
When a cranky older woman meets a plucky younger woman , it 's a safe bet that formula will prevail .
The Last Word , ostensibly about women journalists and cranky old women , is a movie that could 've paid homage to them . Instead , it just made me miss them-even more than usual .
This is a curious mix of The Blind Side , High Fidelity and A Christmas Carol .
A bracingly cynical set-up is slightly betrayed by a treacly ending , but redeemed by the cast , especially the watchable Seyfried and MacLaine , who has the same glint in her eyes that she had in 1960 in The Apartment .
The Last Word certainly has good intentions , but ca n't prevent its spiky lead character going too far with her acid tongue , or her unrealistic plans .
With its off-the-mark proclamations about the Kinks and hi-fi nerd jargon , this feels like a screenplay written by someone who once read about music on Wikipedia but prefers not to listen to it .
Even as individual moments of The Last Word may find you rolling your eyes , its central performance rivets attention from first to last .
Cantankerous old grump teaches directionless young people about life ... in a way that is totally obnoxious and not in the least bit convincing .
The end is moving , but there 's acid fun on the way .
A tear-jerking affair that feels like a modern version of Scrooge .
This is n't a very distinguished film but it 's likely to be remembered for its central performance .
This well-intentioned tale serves more as a star vehicle for MacLaine than as a moving or amusing comedy-drama .
Here is a horrendous Niagara of syrupy nonsense : sentimental , cliched and humourless .
You wo n't believe a single minute of it , but you might , despite better judgement , find yourself caring by the end .
Much mellowing and life-learning ensues in a plodding dramedy , though the glint in MacLaine 's eyes makes it almost worth your while . Almost .
You ca n't help but respond to the sense of poignancy that MacLaine brings to the role .
A powerhouse performance by Shirley MacLaine is the only reason to get anywhere near this otherwise sappy and predictable vehicle about aging and redemption .
MacLaine is the only reason this movie works .
It 's disappointing to note , then , that The Last Word takes a fairly palpable nosedive into irrelevance as it passes the one-hour mark ...
Another failed Redeemed Cranky Old Person Movie -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
One of the few comedies about the challenges of creating a legacy at the end of life .
Thank goodness for Shirley MacLaine . With anyone else in the lead role , this sweet but uneven indie would have likely buckled under the weight of its mounting contrivances .
While it 's tempting to dismiss the project as a cutesy cookie-cutter showcase designed to capitalize on the good will of a grand star , MacLaine is brilliant , even when the material is n't quite worthy of her . Or her director .
While it pleases me greatly to see Shirley MacLaine still getting leading roles -LRB- ... -RRB- it 's not doing her any favors when it 's a movie filled with cliches older than she is .
The Last Word is unconvincing at every step .
If not for the patron saint of spunky dames , Shirley MacLaine , there would be little to recommend The Last Word , a comedy-drama that -- except for MacLaine 's quicksilver performance -- goes exactly where you expect it to go .
It 's all pretty predictable , but MacLaine and Seyfried , alone and together , have their moments . The two actresses compensate with passion and professionalism in this paint-by-numbers crowd-pleaser .
One day , there will be the time to look back at MacLaine 's career and this film will help recall her work fondly even in a movie that has so many writing problems .
None of it is funny or believable or touching in any way , and by the end the prospect of Harriet 's death is more than welcome .
The Last Word is a mechanically sentimental film about a fiercely unsentimental woman .
If only the movie that encases this character were as sharp and distinctive as Harriet .
A serious case of the cutes ... Pellington knows his movie is more or less bad , but Shirley there 's an audience for it .
A legend of MacLaine 's stature deserves credit for answering this call without fear and for making it as enjoyable as it is despite the script 's problems . She still has her chops . Hollywood is letting her -- and the audience that still loves her -- down .
Aside from the characters , there is n't anything very substantial to The Last Word as a whole .
The occasionally retired Ms. MacLaine is ever quick with a retort , but this is one lead-footed comeback we all could have done without .
Even when surrounded by junk , the 83-year-old MacLaine still has plenty of pep . She 's a treasure , but `` The Last Word '' does n't do her or her legacy justice .
It 's just too contrived , at its most banal when it thinks it 's being profound , and it does n't add up on any real level .
MacLaine sinks her teeth into the limp material with the ferocity of a Jack Russell , shaking it from side to side until the stuffing litters every scene ...
The Last Word is a love letter to -LSB- MacLaine -RSB- , but respect would have helped the movie more . She does n't need the applause - her sharpness , skill and timing are obviously intact .
Though the movie is likable and contains a unique premise , the dramedy falls flat thanks to its contrived , unremarkable script and performances that often fail to connect on an honest , emotional level .
At times , insufferably cute
Despite the laudable direction and another feisty turn by MacLaine , this low-budget vehicle fairly buckles under mounting contrivances , used to facilitate shifts in tone , from bleak to heartfelt to silly
Everyone gets what they strive for in the end , which I suppose is the definition of a feel-good film , but the path to that end is predictable , even when Harriet and Ann try to break out and be anything but .
MacLaine and Seyfried a fun match in female mismatched buddy comedy .
MacLaine and ... Seyfried give this film life when it should be dead and buried .
The film is a comedy that benefits from the gifts of an effectively typecast Shirley MacLaine but traps her in a story lacking credibility and in a production bereft of emotional truth .
By the time MacLaine 's character Harriet shows real humanity , all sympathy for her character 's loneliness has long since vanished .
MacLaine , who has been deprived more than most , fearlessly dives into a familiar `` curmudgeon with a heart of gold '' role and makes it her own .
I hope that in the name of her decades-spanning career and six Academy Award nominations -LRB- plus one win -RRB- , we might do MacLaine the small courtesy of forgetting that this pedestrian and dull comedy ever happened .
Beyond the contrivance and a gimmicky story that not only would never happen but would never happen in the way it happens here , there are positive aspects to `` The Last Word . ''
Even when it does something right , The Last Word has a tendency to undermine its own success .
Let the plausibility-stretching contrivances begin !
Nothing happens here we do n't see coming . Still , MacLaine makes it work well on arrival .
There is nothing new and different in `` The Last Word '' and it relies , mainly , on MacLaine 's acerbic wit to carry the pace of the story .
A sappy geriatric comedy that starts amusingly brittle but quickly goes soft , it 's a showcase for MacLaine , but not a happy one .
Director Mark Pellington and first-time screenwriter Stuart Ross Fink lack Weitz 's sense of taboo-busting mischief , opting instead for the more mundane strategy of unearthing hidden heartache .
A haphazardly written comedy that still manages to remain entertaining for its almost-two-hour running time .
The film is lucky to have Shirley MacLaine return to her first starring role in years . Unfortunately , both she and we in the audience are out of luck .
A moribund movie that does n't have a spontaneous , surprising - or genuine - bone in its body .
Nothing in the movie will surprise you , unless you 've never heard an 8-year-old drop an F-bomb .
Treacly and bromidic ...
In the end this is all about Harriet , and with MacLaine in charge things are right with the world .
The Last Word may be predictable but it has MacLaine .
Totally unconvincing , contrived , and phony as one of those reducing creams that promise to eliminate varicose veins but only give you hives .
Watching Shirley MacLaine be a pill turns out to be more entertaining than a lot of what passes for comedy these days
That it starts off promisingly and then seems to drop off in quality has more to do with MacLaine 's performance than with Pellington 's fitful direction or Stuart Ross Fink 's cutesy script .
In Fink 's script for The Last Word , Pellington finds the right vehicle to explore his preoccupations through a new lens , and addressing the issues through female characters has reinvigorated his technique .
Refreshing comedy about abrasive woman has strong language .
To get to what 's good about The Last Word , you 're obliged to take it warts and all .
You can sense old pro MacLaine and younger pro Amanda Seyfried exerting themselves as they pour their considerable collective charisma into the venture , but they 're beating the chest of a patient that has long since flatlined .
There 's some scathing satirical potential in this setup - the privileged white doyenne exploiting black poverty - but that would require backbone , edge and honesty , none of which this movie finally has .
So empty and witless , dressing up a formulaic story with boatloads of unearned sentiment and embarrassing , one-note characters , that it seems destined to lie here as a bloated paperweight on MacLaine 's own memory .
Sort of an inverse Citizen Kane -LRB- in many more ways than one -RRB- ...
At age 82 , -LSB- Shirley MacLaine -RSB- can still chew up the scenery to create yet another gloriously memorable screen character .
MacLaine clearly likes to work . Obviously she grabs whatever she can get - she even signed on as co-producer of this one . But the sad result is she 's been making awful movies for an awfully long time .
It 's a role that allows MacLaine full range to be feisty , funny , blue -LRB- both kinds -RRB- and ruminative , but in a movie that ultimately fails her by refusing to be what MacLaine so often has been in her career : surprising .
The film attempts to honor both MacLaine/Harriet 's obvious faults and blind spots as well as her bold second-wave feminism , and Pellington largely succeeds .
I simply could not wait for `` The Last Word '' to draw its last breath .
Where have you gone , Irma La Douce ??
Its main character 's transformation is n't significant enough to justify her complete redemption in the eyes of those around her .
MacLaine has something that shines through and elevates a film like this one . The movie is prefab indie whimsy , but she gives it an afterglow .
Casting is everything in director Mark Pellington 's latest , with MacLaine in blazingly fine form as she dignifies the movie 's every pre-programmed emotional cue while blossoming from dragon lady into nurturing giver of life lessons .

@highlight

The Last Word proves Shirley MacLaine remains a wonderfully magnetic screen presence -- and deserving of a far better vehicle for her considerable talents .