Part bio-pic , part wuxia , Fearless melds the best of both genres and in the process makes something greater than the sum of its parts , commenting both on its genre and human nature in general , both as they are now and what they could aspire to be .
Jet Li 's final fight ; teens OK .
A honorable send-off
Every action sequence is imaginatively mounted , from a dizzying fight on a high tower , to the sight of Li taking on a wrestler twice his size ...
Teamed up with veteran director Ronny Yu and renowned choreographer Yuen Wo Ping , Mr. Li does some of his best work here .
More of a message movie designed for mainland China than a karate chopsocky for consumption in the West where a martial arts movie has to be about butt-kicking to generate any traction .
Not so much a message film as it is a martial-arts epic with a philosophical backdrop . And it is utterly sincere without being treacly or preachy .
Fracassa como exemplar de artes marciais e , o que é ainda pior , como homenagem a um homem que inspirou grandes atletas e atores -LRB- incluindo o protagonista desta produção -RRB- .
As energetically corporeal as it is touchingly spiritual .
Li carries the load on his shifty shoulders in a nostalgic wushu period piece that is philosophically solemn yet kinetically impish in its reflective spirit .
Fearless has some of the best choreography I 've seen in years , and Li handles the task with his usual finesse .
The film is about more than complex stunts and breathtaking acrobatics . It 's about a man who learns the pitfalls of pride and becomes a national hero in the process . And it 's a good time at the movies .
It 's a treat for fans of historical martial arts epics and especially for fans of Jet Li , who wo n't be the ones to tell the star if he 's starting to show his age .
If Li must leave his signature genre , better this entertaining bit of history than the wall-to-wall boredom of Hero .
The martial arts master 's final epic is great when the fists and feet are flying .
Do you really mean it , Jet Li ?
No matter how you slice it , Fearless is Li in his prime .
`` Fearless '' not only talks the talk , it walks the walk -- or side snap-kicks the side snap-kick , if you want .
Ultimately a picture preaching about the cost of violence that shies away from real , visceral consequence .
... Fearless is a richly layered tale of redemption
It 's not that the film is n't entertaining , it 's that it 's simply nothing special .
Like so many biopics , a blind devotion to the subject renders the film a little stale at times .
While you 're waiting for Jet Li 's high-flying -LRB- and tricked-up -RRB- fights , I 'm afraid you 'll have sit through director Ronny Yu 's lowbrow lunge at serious drama .
Becomes sedate and spiritual without losing its power .
Jet Li has to be commended for his performance , playing the full range of this dynamic character well . He makes you care about his character as the film builds to its climax .
I think this is a terrific film .
Did anyone else notice that Jet Li has made two martial arts films named after the two competing airplane crash movies of 1992 ?
Fearless is a visual juggernaut .
Every so often there is a hand-to-hand fight scene to cut the boredom -- the best is set atop a precipitously high wooden tower in a village square -- but even these do n't set themselves apart from anything we 've seen before .
It takes time for the film to bounce back to the heights of its opening scene , but about midway it does .
Jet Li movies are still pretty cool , but they appear to be heading in an unfortunate direction .
It boils down to a simple but elegantly told morality tale with beautiful sets and scenery and plenty of bracing action .
A movie that condemns the tendency of global culture to intrude everywhere while embracing the very things that kick multiplex doors down around the world .
An air of melancholy permeates even Yuen Wo Ping 's dazzling fight sequences -- which rely on wire work and computer enhancement much less than most contemporary martial-arts films -- and the final scenes pack a surprising melodramatic punch .
The wushu philosophy offers a welcome alternative to the ideas that motivate too many movie heroes and too many real-world personal and political transactions .
An entertaining and admirably ambitious movie that promises a feast of martial arts combat , which it delivers along with a poignant message of peace .
If this really is Jet Li 's last martial arts film as the marketing materials claim , he 's going out on top .
If you 're going to retire from the biz , might as well do it with some style .
It also seems fitting that Li , one of the world 's great martial arts stars , wraps up his career by playing one of the founding fathers of modern martial arts .
-LSB- Li -RSB- may be serious about this retirement nonsense ; for an athlete , he is at the outer reaches of a career . And yet one hopes this is not the case . Fearless represents such an apex that it leaves one wanting more of the same -- much more .
Li 's physical performance is terrific , as usual , and it 's with wistful feelings that we watch him put a final whuppin ' on his last adversary .
-LSB- Li 's -RSB- pandering to the domestic -LRB- Chinese -RRB- market with a tired , formulaic martial-arts melodrama dressed up as epic .
Though always charismatic , Li 's most expressive when he lets fists fly .
The movie turns into an inspirational , uncomplicated biopic in which , yes , a series of awesomely violent fight scenes indicate that our worst enemy can be found between our ears .
A pretentious biopic about a Chinese sports legend .
A lavish biopic that gives Li one of his juiciest roles but is relatively light on the action his fans have come to expect .
This is one of -LSB- Li 's -RSB- best movies , and is definitely a must for even those who are not chopsocky fans
In Ronny Yu 's sweeping film based on the life of wu shu master Huo Yuanjia , the retiring action star manages to tug a few heartstrings while breaking plenty of bones .
As a way to go out , I ca n't imagine anything more beautifully appropriate .
The action scenes are disappointingly conventional , constrained for the most part to one-on-one ring matches with inferior opponents .
A rather hokey script weighs down Jet Li 's final Wushu -LRB- martial arts -RRB- movie .
Too often it seems to be just another action fantasy that teaches pacifism while indulging in brutality .
Perhaps predictably , the final work in Li 's on-screen martial-arts career wo n't be the film to remember him by .
The 43-year-old actor claims that this will be his last martial arts epic . That 's too bad when movies like this and 2002 's Hero find him just hitting his stride .
This is clearly Yu 's best work since his 1993 Hong Kong hit The Bride With White Hair .
Boldly conceived and handsomely produced , Fearless emits the kind of idealized glow that used to define Hollywood movies .
a brisk and handsome , if not exactly groundbreaking , high-end martial arts movie
A subplot involving his attachment to a blind village girl does n't go anywhere , nor is it necessary ; the real love affair here is Li 's passion for the sport .
Surprisingly joyless .
While showing his 43 years , Li is still capable of ripping his way through an ornate restaurant or clearing out 15 challengers in as many seconds .
It 's an intoxicating blend of spiritualism and action , an invigorating movie that makes you want to stand up and cheer .
If Fearless is Li 's last film as a martial-arts star , he 's going out on top of the world .
Li fans will appreciate the excellent choreography and Li 's calm confidence , but Fearless lacks the imagination necessary for a must-see experience .
It 's a gorgeous , knuckle-biter of a fight film , but also a moving tale with a heart as big as its roundhouse kick .
Almost childishly naive but beautifully crafted and both viscerally exciting and oddly touching ... a surprisingly rich and satisfying love letter by Li to the martial arts .
While no `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon , '' this chop-socky features Jet Li 's flying fists and feet doing Chinese We Shu martial arts .
If this is Li 's epic swan song , it 's a reasonably graceful exit .
There is virtually no humor anywhere in the film ... . Fans who discovered Hong Kong movies through an interest in martial arts are likely to be more thrilled than those who came in primarily as film buffs .
In this day and age when the world grows more unstable by the second , Li 's efforts here to encourage reflection on the ideas of inner peace and the uselessness of violence are resoundingly welcome .
A martial arts version of a comic book superhero movie .
It 's hard to dislike the film 's earnestness .
the drama surrounding these fights does n't hold any weight
Even though Fearless is laced with stunning fight sequences , none of them have lingered in my memory as vividly as Li 's face has : His body may begin the story told in Fearless , but his face completes it .
Jet Li kicks some serious butt ... in the name of peace .
The protagonist 's message rings true and its battle sequences prove gripping , but Jet Li 's Fearless is both slightly ham-fisted in its efforts to have its individual and political narratives mirror one another .
Jet Li says goodbye -LRB- supposedly -RRB- to the martial arts genre with this decent blend of old-school chopsocky and new school superproduction .
The middle section sags as Huo takes on a bigger entourage than MC Hammer and then goes off and learns about the Meaning of Life from Simple Country Folk .
-LSB- Li 's -RSB- work invites comparison not with the slapstick kung fu-lery of Jackie Chan -LRB- which I love -RRB- , but with the scissoring limbs and corkscrew lifts of Merce Cunningham and other modern dancers . Li puts the swoosh into wushu .
Fearless is a graceful and tightly edited kung fu movie , though many of Li 's gravity defying moves are assisted by wirework .
As the very traditional hero , Li keeps us riveted through the fisticuffs , and he also carries off the film 's heavier dramatic moments well enough -- though , as always , his lack of a strong personality prevents the movie from ever genuinely catching fire .
another thrilling martial arts display from Jet Li .
The fighting is ... wow . In a market saturated with Matrix-cribbed technique , Jet Li 's 25 years of skills have a grace and power all their own .
Jet Li 's Fearless fears nothing indeed : Not lack of a plausible story , not murky motivations and idealized settings and cliched characters , not too much overblown wire work in the martial arts sequences .
This painterly film is a fitting finale to Li 's long career in film and as a real-life wushu expert .
Jet Li 's Fearless is one of those corny , lusciously mounted , almost predictably thrill-packed action movies you ca n't help but like .
Director Ronny Yu gets Li to drop his typical reticence and play the part to the hilt , and he capably moves from doting dad to arrogant tough guy to wise and compassionate role model .
In terms of a farewell , statement , Li would have been better off calling it quits with last year 's Unleashed .
Fearless is an OK way to say goodbye , but its stagy fight choreography may just leave Li 's fans wishing for something more .
With precisely choreographed fight sequences and a no-nonsense lesson about honor and self-control , Li kicks his way out of the genre with class .
Whatever the years ahead , Li leaves the field he helped expand with honor and glory unsullied .
As purported , if Jet Li 's final Chinese martial arts movie is indeed Jet Li 's Fearless , the talented fist-and-foot pounder would have made more impact if he had ended things sooner .
Touted as his last foray into martial-arts movies , Fearless finds Jet Li bowing out with a stunner .
has lofty ambitions but lacks the necessary talent .
Serves as a rousing , philosophically high-minded reminder of the actor 's glory days .
The Terminator flicks also favored world peace but did n't pause the action for nearly an hour to rub it in .
A grandiose spectacle that will remind any martial arts fan why they love the genre so much .
Fearless is a rather conventional costume biopicbiopic that still manages to pack a satisfying emotional punch by its final reel .
Significantly , the movie breaks the standard revenge model of the martial arts film genre to embrace the grace and restraint that underlines the philosophy of wushu -LRB- the comprehensive term for martial arts that means ` avert fighting ' or ` stop war ' -RRB- .
Not only is it a gripping , beautifully acted drama , but the action scenes are jaw-dropping .
Jet Li is a formidable talent and has plenty of charisma , but it 's the rest of the cast -LRB- or most of them -RRB- whose performances are stilted ... no shortage of martial arts action in a variety of extended contest scenes
Despite impressive , CG-light action sequences and an absorbing story which certainly stands another re-telling , director Ronny Yu barely elevates this above the level of a direct-to-video fightfest .
It does , however , have two things going for it : outstanding punch-ups and Jet Li .
Li 's dramatic range may be limited , but Yu 's handsome film invests his character with a fitting air of sincerity .
-LSB- Director Ronny -RSB- Yu is less successful , however , in dealing with his star 's limited emotive abilities , the message-heavy script 's melodramatic philosophising and a sappy ending .
Witty choreography juices the pedestrian plot .






@highlight

Fearless is a brilliantly choreographed , beautifully filmed endcap to Li 's quarter decade of epic martial arts glory .