It 's an allegory in search of a meaning that never arrives ... It 's just old-fashioned bad storytelling .
... life lived in a bubble in financial dealings and digital communications and brief face-to-face conversations and sexual intermissions in a space shuttle of a limousine creeping through the gridlock of an anonymous New York City .
Continuing along a line introduced in last year 's `` A Dangerous Method '' , David Cronenberg pushes his cinema towards a talky abstraction in his uncanny , perversely funny and frighteningly insular adaptation of Don DeLillo , `` Cosmopolis '' .
... a perverse twist on neorealism ...
... Cronenberg 's Cosmopolis expresses something new and necessary about the book , which is to say about limits , the gaps in what can be known , both within and between us .
Quickly grows repetitive and tiresome , meandering toward messages that land softly , producing little impact .
Cronenberg is not a director to be daunted by a scenario in which the antihero spends most of his time in a stretch limo . Turning it into a film that interests anyone ... is another matter
Cronenberg 's cold , exacting precision and emotionally removed observation may not grab all viewers , but under those perfect surfaces is a raw horror trying to claw out of the denial .
Over and above its topical urgency or the bit about the misfortune of globalism , it does what this director has always done in his films : split open the head of a character , plunge inside and try to visualise the bad and the ugly things to be found there .
`` Cosmopolis '' is a hypnotic examination of our modern anxieties about the dehumanization brought on by wealth , power , and technology .
While not one of Cronenberg 's stronger films , this anti-capitalist adaptation still merits attention .
Robert Pattinson works mighty hard to make Cosmopolis more than just an erudite slap at modern capitalism . The Twilight heartthrob ultimately fails to rescue a meandering story hitting stale versions of the same talking points .
The anger over the injustice of the financial collapse and bailout is what powered the Tea Party movement as well as the Occupy Wall Street movement , and it powers this movie , too .
For those who like their Cronenberg thick and chewy
For better or worse - often both - Cosmopolis is a quintessential David Cronenberg film . Cosmopolis is simultaneously fascinating and impenetrable , profound and absurd , labyrinthine yet intimate .
For one of the smartest films I 've seen in a while , Cosmopolis is also one of the least outwardly enjoyable . That by no means makes it anything less than a great film however .
Its major problem is that it 's not cinematic .
It 's fascinating to watch Pattinson actually acting , rather than merely brooding through another `` Twilight '' movie , but he 's as trapped in Cronenberg 's sterile intellectualism as Packer is in his leather-upholstered hell .
A black comedy as dry and deadpan as a bleached skull . To this end , the movie opens with a sort of death 's - head grin : an in-your-face closeup of the grille of a stretch limousine ...
For all the doomsday build-up we get in the first 90 minutes , Packer 's primary antagonist turns out to be such a mundane construct you ca n't help but feel crestfallen .
While ` Cosmopolis ' is mostly emotionless and a big letdown it is n't completely boring and has the potential to be better with repeat viewings , but it just is n't as good as a Cronenberg film should be .
In the past , Cronenberg has used such deadpan performances to striking effect , but in the case of Cosmopolis , the approach just leaves a giant vaccum in the soul of the celluloid
... a movie about a sentient zombie , trapped in a womblike limousine while outside the dead souls of Manhattan roil , spraying paint on his windows and hurling rats . Everything he wants is posthumous .
Those who said Don DeLillo 's book was unfilmable were wrong . This is a film . That much is undeniable . Whether it 's a compelling one is a whole other question .
The rapid dialogue is dry and mannered , like a David Mamet play , there 's virtually no story and Cronenberg 's visual scheme is cold and claustrophobic .
`` Cosmopolis '' is proof that a film can be provocative yet completely un-enjoyable .
It 's fascinating but anti-cinematic and a frustrating film to get your arms around .
Throws heady ideas at you faster than Michael Bay can explode a building , but the rate at which ideas stick is inconsistent . It does , however , develop a rhythm . The metered language forces you to adjust just as emotion develops .
A master filmmaker 's rumination on capitalism as a vision of diseased titanium
David Cronenberg takes a wayward shot at making a film out of Don DeLillo 's artful novel Cosmopolis . Cronenberg 's version drones and flounders .
Cynical and futile - a total waste of time and money .
If there has ever been a point in human history when the phrase `` asymmetrical prostate '' got a bigger laugh than it does -LSB- here -RSB- , I 've never heard of it .
Well , if it is n't the most confounding movie of the year .
If Cosmopolis remains chilly and remote , it does so in a way that often feels unsettlingly familiar .
I do n't know if DeLillo 's fetishized doubletalk ever works in a visual medium like film , but I can tell you that Robert Pattinson sure as hell is n't up to it , at least not without better direction than this .
Though hardly a crowd-pleaser . it 's the sort of challenging , thought-provoking , stylistically striking piece of auteurism one rarely encounters nowadays .
Cosmopolis deconstructs language , symbols and theories to present a sprawling and dense post-GFC Heart of Darkness .
Cold and calculated , Cosmospolis is a mesmerizing journey that takes us deep into the heart of darkness -- familiar territory for such an extraordinary auteur .
With a cast like this we expected major Cronenberg . Did n't happen .
Not worth seeing
Cosmopolis is an investment that pays off enormous dividends .
Cosmopolis is something like the anti-matter version of Atlas Shrugged .
If you pay even a single penny to watch the thing , you 'll be making the most ill-advised purchase of your natural born life .
I ca n't convince myself that Cosmopolis is anything other than unscripted documentary about the life of Robert Pattinson , shot by security cameras .
I must admit Robert Pattinson does dead extremely well .
GQ-ready , super-rich Internet entrepreneur/financier Eric Packer -LRB- Robert Pattinson -RRB- sails around New York inside a sleek , white , ovoid sarcophagus-limo from which he emerges like a modern-day , couture-clad Count Dracula
`` Cosmopolis '' is a deeply subversive , deeply intelligent movie for grown-ups . Brilliant .
Robert Pattinson ... brings a slick , knowing roboticness to a man desperate to maintain a pretense of control and command of the world around him .
It feels like each and every moment bursts forth with urgent dialogue , and yet what does anyone actually say ?
Then there 's the matter of the screenplay , which places everything in a haze of mannered syntax and enigmatic phrasing .
Art-house cinema at its most achingly smarmy and self-indulgent . Frustrating verging on abysmal verging on infuriating .
There 's not really a movie there , nothing that sustains itself from scene to scene and nothing that 's worth watching from beginning to end .
This film is a tough sell . But it 's never less than daring , poised or deliberate . It does n't go down easy , but it clings .
Watching Cosmopolis , it 's hard to say if you 're witnessing a revelation or a crock , but you 'll hang on its every word .
Cronenberg seems like he has something specific , possibly devilishly satiric in mind , but his screen instincts are numb , constructing a feature that lurches from scene to scene .
The film is all too faithful to its un-cinematic source .
`` Cosmopolis , '' because of its allegiance to the book 's mannered , offbeat language , feels like it never wakes up .
A purposefully disjointed , pretentious , philosophical , and deeply stylized journey through an exaggerated commentary on the haves , the have-nots , and those stuck in the middle .
Here we have a brainy , sometimes impenetrable director , working from a book by brainy , sometimes impenetrable author . What do they come up with ? Something that 's brainy , sometimes impenetrable .
Poor Pattinson does the best he can . He 's not terrible . But he 's definitely out of his element , if not beyond his depth , an altar boy in a bishop 's robes .
The program is secure , but are we ?
The story seems to cleave into cerebral disquisition and primal sex .
Juliette Binoche is unusually playful and loose as Pattinson 's sex buddy , and Paul Giamatti 's intensity briefly raises the movie 's sharpness level . But I do n't think they 're enough to compensate for the film 's general air of arch superiority .
The movie is n't for everyone . But if it grabs you , prepare for it to stick in your head for days .
Robert Pattinson 's most interesting performance by a mile .
A flawlessly directed film about enigmatic people who speak in morose epigrams about vague universal principles they show no sign of understanding .
Like all the best Cronenberg pictures , Cosmopolis is a pitch-black comedy about man 's foolhardy attempt to impose systems of order on nature 's chaos .
If you are a fan of David Cronenberg , you should include -LSB- Cosmopolis -RSB- in things to watch list .
There is sci-fi and there is Cronenberg sci-fi and here he has reached his pinnacle with his hallucinatory , hypnotic trip . We are in Cronenberg 's bubble until he lets it burst .
David Cronenberg 's North by Northwest
... the bodily invasions are not only reflective of a psychological state , but of a socioeconomic one as well .
After seeing Cosmopolis , you 're going to want to take a shower .
Though the cool , insolent stoicism does work for Pattinson as the narcissistic royal - ` we ' speaking wunderkind , even he ca n't carry this weighty , wordy dissertation on the burdens of money , fame and power .
As usual , Cronenberg shows masterful control , starting with Pattinson .
It 's effective for all the reasons , as propaganda , it 's not : It 's messy and goofy and unsettling .
It helps that Pattinson interacts with truly great performances from the supporting cast .
It helps to let yourself get lost in David Cronenberg 's Cosmopolis , which adapts Don Delillo 's novel and clings hard to the inscrutable , arcane language , which very deliberately keeps the audience at arm 's length
An often fascinating formal exercise by one of modern cinema 's most consistently intriguing filmmakers .
Despite the constrictions , Cronenberg keeps the space handsome and active . For long stretches , Cosmopolis is dreamy and funny , in an off-centered way .
It is one of the director 's better movies of recent years , even if it is occasionally maddening .
Smart and stylized - which does n't innoculate this story of a sad billionaire against lethal familiarity and dullness . Pattinson 's stiffness works , but the dialogue is vapid .
Nothing lies behind or within the film 's vapid non-personalities , flat acting and dull dialogue , hot-air one-liner aphorisms , mechanical couplings or ice-queen evasions of consummation .
David Cronenberg meets Don DeLillo at last , and it 's as if all the angels of heaven have come together . And said nothing .
The hilarious thought of stunned Team Edward devotees scratching their heads at this mystifying David Cronenberg movie is about all there is to get you through it .
I took a strange pleasure in submitting to this movie 's stilted but weirdly poetic rhythms . But I freely acknowledge that for others , enduring Cosmopolis may be less fun than a backseat prostate exam .
Weird , difficult , and important , Cosmopolis may be one of the best films of the year .
Cosmopolis is Cronenberg 's first movie since Videodrome to not only identify a particular zeitgeist but embody it in form and content .
I never imagined describing a film as a cross between The Bonfire of the Vanities and Last Year at Marienbad ...
It 's all vapid snark , didactic sermonizing and bewildering shock tactics .
DeLillo 's brilliant analysis of the destructive power of wealth that took such seductive hold on page has a tough time gaining traction on screen .
It 's like a dream that engages and drifts , until waking with a start in a finale that 's as bracing and raw as the rest of the film is coolly distant .
Frustratingly bland work from lead Robert Pattinson results in an awfully watery stew .
Conventional it is not . Engrossing it is .
Mr. Cronenberg 's direction throughout `` Cosmopolis '' is impeccable , both inside the limo and out .
If you can get past the psychological density of the source material and the tabloid noise around the star , this mesmerizing mind-bender ought to prove that Robert Pattinson really can act and Director David Cronenberg never runs from a challenge .
... a serenely crazed view of the present . The master is back .
Sometimes , even a little gratuitous nudity ca n't save a movie . This is one of those occasions .
Cronenberg turns a difficult , sometimes frustrating book into a difficult , sometimes frustrating movie , though one with many of the same rewards as its source material ...
Easier to admire than to love , David Cronenberg 's Cosmopolis is an amplified , feverish vision of the one percent as scarcely human .
`` Cosmopolis '' is Cronenberg 's best film since `` eXistenZ '' and further viewings may place it higher than that .
We 're supposed to be feeling ... something . That we do n't might be Cronenberg 's own endgame .
Cosmopolis is almost certainly some kind of masterpiece , but I have to admit it 's probably not for everyone .
It 's better to think of David Cronenberg 's Cosmopolis as a dream than a movie .
Do n't panic , but Robert Pattinson may have been neutered .
Could easily have been produced as a Tony-winning stageplay but as cinema , it never strives to achieve the heights of even the lowest of Cronenberg milestones .
The more abstract and overtly stylized Cosmopolis is , the more it thrills .
In the company of actual actors , Pattinson is reduced to a piece of furniture , most of which displays more expressiveness than the immortal R-Patz .
Diamond-hard and dazzlingly brilliant , David Cronenberg 's film plays like a deeply perverse , darkly comic successor to Videodrome .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- If intellectual sarcasm is your thing , you might like `` Cosmopolis . '' Either way , the movie is too pretentious for its own good .
A sensual , propulsive thriller , the apocalypse as viewed from lush interiors and a hermetic remove .
Hard to endure due to its pretentious nature , but deserves credit for inspiring a unique form of wrath - rage against the Cronenberg
If anything , Cosmopolis is more timely now than when DeLillo published it almost a decade ago .
The film is obtuse , talky , remote and sometimes baffling , but it is also full of ideas and Cronenberg 's uncompromising belief in the art of cinema . Imagine that .
Cosmopolis uses Packer -LRB- Pattinson -RRB- to trivialise money , dismisses the struggling poor and reveals those in the throes of money for the sociopaths that they are .
Another Cronenberg film badly in need of an exploding head .
Hyper-stylised , cold , cerebral , difficult , stylish , at times visually sublime and at times unintentionally humorous , Cosmopolis is David Cronenberg back in Cronenberg Land ... You ca n't say it 's anything other than unique .
It 's a potent return to -LRB- de -RRB- form for the Canadian filmmaker , whose most recent effort , A Dangerous Method , lacked the ferocity of classics Crash , Videodrome , and The Fly . The body horror is back here , but so too is the scorching social commentary .
Do n't listen to the haters -- this linguistically complex and eloquently dark film is much more clever than pretentious .
Cosmopolis is a soulless , confusing , bore of a film , a pretentious message movie where the message itself is lost in dialogue equal to verbal masturbation where big questions are asked , and waffling diatribes are given in response .
Cosmopolis is the first great GFC art film , linked to financial and social catastrophe in tantalisingly evasive ways .
Pattinson ditches the fangs but keeps the brooding , in a thoughtful essay on a man fighting for meaning within hollow surrounds . Riveting , poetic and thoroughly Cronenberg .
I had hoped the film would engage me more and turn into something fascinating , intriguing and magical - it is not quite any of those things
A fascinating work that makes our grey matter leap to life in an attempt to keep up with the narrative that takes place over a 24 hour period . At times it confuses , irritates and frustrates
Just about important enough to be self-important .
An immaculate journey into weird .
One day Cosmopolis may well have either been completely forgotten - or seen to have been ahead of its time , hugely influential and something of an overlooked classic experiment .
It 's a difficult film to sit through , but if you allow yourself to sit back and be immersed into the strange and despicable world which Cronenberg creates with these characters , then you may just find something there that resonates .
This bristling evocation of the last days of capitalism is compelling and unsettling in equal measure but ultimately memorable for being so very close to recent global happenings .
Cosmopolis may , like Packer 's limo , be an elaborately conceived but essentially vacant vehicle -- yet it has a master at the wheel .
Here 's something truly weird : as soon as I was back in the real world , Cosmopolis knocked me sideways .
The symbols are all functional and Cronenberg 's allegory for a civilization divorcing itself from its own humanity is entirely realized , but without a potent emotional angle , it 's little more than an intellectual exercise .
It is the sort of film that should n't be cynically propping itself up with a name draw like Pattinson , but more importantly , it is the sort of film that should rouse the mind rather than dullen it with pretensions to the lectern .
This is riveting cinema , as fine as anything Cronenberg has done , and I was reminded of John Cheever 's New Yorker short story , The Swimmer -LRB- filmed in 1968 starring Burt Lancaster -RRB- .
Cosmopolis demonstrates that even a flawed throwback to Cronenberg 's roots proves they run fairly deep .
As a quiet expression of collective neuroses , it must be considered a limited success .
As Cronenberg 's film inches towards its destination , some critics detect a profound and coruscating anti-capitalist satire , but I suspect most viewers will reckon they 've been taken for a ride .
A smug , academic thesis on the evils of capitalism , Cosmopolis is as exciting as someone reading you the entire book in a flat , unvarying monotone .
David Cronenberg has made some fantastic films - Eastern Promises , The Fly - but this is n't one of them .
This is vintage David Cronenberg , but an even more sophisticated , refined version .
Like good sci-fi , every element rings prescient , drawing upon our fears and anxieties as a species and a civilization .
If DeLillo talks a lot , that 's his job : he 's a writer . When Cronenberg movies talk - and the density of dialogue here has no mercy - they die sitting up , like a teacher at his desk .
Every internal decision , from cameo casting to the eerie quiet of the sound design enclosing us in this air-conditioned luxury coffin , is just about unimprovable .
A part hypnotic , part profound , part send-up meditation on our financially imploding time .
Artful , intelligent and wilfully obtuse , Cronenberg uses his skill to hold our interest through this oddity of a film .
Cronenberg 's DeLillo adaptation has some interesting ideas , presents an intriguingly sealed-off view of the world and features a genuinely superb performance from Robert Pattinson ...
An eerily precise match of filmmaker and material , Cosmopolis probes the soullessness of the 1 % with the cinematic equivalent of latex gloves .
Cronenberg is at play in this slippery , surreal affair that is best appreciated with open ears and an open mind -- and begs to be seen twice .
The film certainly makes its point - that a risk-averse life of unending luxury is no life at all - but it makes it so listlessly that you really wo n't care .
It might just be the weirdest movie of the year .
Cronenberg 's mannered , theatrical film feels studenty and a little embarrassing , with its fervent belief that didactic encounters are a powerful artistic statement , and that nihilistic clichés signal something bleakly profound .
The result is more interesting as an intellectual experience than as entertainment ; you watch Cosmopolis fully aware that it wants to be deconstructed rather than enjoyed .
Cosmopolis is , for the most part and without mincing words , an astonishingly boring drama that marks the latest misfire for a once rock-solid filmmaker ...
A carefully prepared freeze-dried entrée , sans jus , that fails to stir the appetite .
Adopting a convincing American accent , Pattinson aces the role despite his panic attacks before the film starting shooting in Toronto .
An extraordinary psychological and sensual immersion in the psychosis of capitalism with a brilliant performance from Robert Pattinson .
Not even Cronenberg 's trademark high - and low-angle shots , as well as one glorious moment of erotically charged Cronenbergian body horror , can stir the film from its stylish torpor .
As a book , I 'm sure COSMOPOLIS was fascinating . As a film , anchored by a dull lead , it borders on excrutiating .
A polemic rather than a film . Why Cronenberg thought this DeLillo novel would make a compelling film is so confounding , perhaps only derivative traders could come up with an answer . Maybe .
Its portrayal of civilisation as an impossibly intricate , crucially flawed equation , about to buckle and snap , is sinuously compelling .
Cosmopolis , praise be , is flat-out marvellous , a 21st-century American horror story , haunted by `` the glow of cyber-capitalism '' .
Yes Cosmopolis bears a striking gloss , and is shot basically well , but it is way too showy without the necessary substance , and as a result feels fatally hollow .
-LSB- A -RSB- vapid , claustrophobic drama ...
What we ca n't argue is that Cosmopolis is the work of a master filmmaker , one who is determined to have us think about the ideas packed into the trunk of this limo bound for the furthest corners of the psyche .
It goes without saying that it is weird , but even from the director of eXistenZ and Videodrome it is bizarre , with the mannered , affected performances of the former and the outsider characters of the latter .
Hinky , kinky , defiantly unlovable `` Cosmopolis '' lands in our laps with bristly self-assurance . `` You asked for this , '' it seems to be saying , one of the few things unspoken amid its torrent of thematically pointed verbiage . `` Let 's see if you really want it . ''
-LSB- Cronenberg 's -RSB- dependence on DeLillo 's source material means that the director is not entirely his own man , and the atmosphere of impending catastrophe that builds in the course of the film is constantly undermined by its bookish lines and set-ups .
An airless and inert expression of a capitalist kingpin 's odyssey across a threatening New York City .
Beyond its withering critique of contemporary capitalism , Cosmopolis is also fascinated by that ongoing Cronenbergian concern : the limitations and mutations of the human body .
Threatens to soar and to be important , but it only offers flashes of lucidity . That said , there 's a consistent air of charged , end-of-days menace running through the film , which Cronenberg handles with an unbroken sense of precision and confidence .
A parade of hollow didactic encounters .
-LSB- An -RSB- agonisingly self-conscious and meagre piece of work .


@highlight

Though some may find it cold and didactic , Cosmopolis benefits from David Cronenberg 's precise direction , resulting in a psychologically complex adaptation of Don DeLillo 's novel .