It 's a highly personal film , which takes us into the very limited universe of a very young woman forced to play a very public role , gorgeously laying forth the trappings of luxury , ... until we , ... realize that it 's nothing more than a gilded cage .
Inadvertently , Coppola has painted a pathetic portrait of a spoiled kitten not unlike herself , born into unlimited resources and without a thought in her pretty head , before she lost it entirely .
And so Coppola 's movie , which works so hard and with such imagination to include in its portrait much that has been ignored , ends up leaving out much that can not be ignored .
This gauzy interpretation of the French icon as the life of a decadent paparazzi princess is Versailles via Vogue , a frivolous New Romantic confection in which history is less important than emotional veracity .
Fragilely evanescent
With her third film , Sophia Coppola exhibits an annoying preference for style over substance .
This could be the story of Paris Hilton if she were to be married off to an impotent French Prince instead of dating meatheads armed with camcorders .
A visually scrumptious version of France 's iconic but ill-fated Austrian-born queen , Marie Antoinette .
Coppola successfully has made a period film that does n't feel like a museum piece .
The very antithesis of the traditional historical film , approaching its material as an accepted present .
Sofia Coppola has sacrificed a compelling storyline in exchange for aimless atmospherics .
For two hours , we are treated to a display of prettiness . It 's like one big elaborate meringue , delicate and intricately decorated , but without much past the surface .
As a serious film , only an American could love Marie Antoinette . To the French , it must be gravely insulting . As an unwitting camp , it may have a great future .
You almost have to laugh and go along on the wave of ridiculousness .
History as a guilt free pleasure .
Marie Antoinette - based on you know who 's life - has been voted by us here at SA Movie & DVD as the movie most likely to disappoint audiences this year ...
This is no stuffy historical drama but an off-kilter novelty , opulent and spare at the same time , isolating the viewer as Marie herself was isolated from the harsh reality outside the palace walls .
Missing from the special features is a commentary of the film by its director . But , if you have ever heard Sofia talk , you can see why the DVD makers omitted this ...
Coppola fonce la tête haute , plus confiante que jamais , parfois même un peu trop
Sofia Coppola arroja una mirada fresca y contemporánea -LRB- incluso desde la banda sonora -RRB- sobre la figura de María Antonieta ; quienes busquen rigor histórico , o se incomoden con las libertades que suelen tomarse los artistas , deberían abstenerse .
Coppola 's disconnected her character from history to achieve this glittering surface and there 's nothing else to which a viewer can hang on .
The illustrious juxtapositions of gorgeous settings and costumes , unexpected casting and a beguiling congruence of sensibilities are the strengths of Sofia Coppola 's Marie Antoinette , despite the royal cake ending up as misfire and cooked too long at the
Beautifully filmed and fun in its own quirky way .
There 's no denying that Coppola has style to spare and has truly blown the dust off one 's traditional biopic expectations .
Fails to live up to the promise of its premise .
Films like ` Marie Antoinette ' foster serious discussion about cinema for all the wrong reasons . Just what the hell is this supposed to be ?
Stunningly original ... The masterstroke of Marie Antoinette is how Coppola connects the social order to sexual servitude .
Coppola 's lavishly mounted film paints an extremely sympathetic portrait of Marie as a misunderstood free spirit trapped in the confines of rigid French royalty
Sure , she 's vapid , spoiled , and self-indulgent , but she 's more recognizably human than any of the girls on `` Laguna Beach '' or `` My Super Sweet 16 . ''
Coppola 's tone is more like that of Manoel de Oliveira 's deadpan renditions of nineteenth-century novels , but lighter and sweeter , as befits a queen who was fond of meringue .
Pretty as a picture ... and as empty as a French peasant 's portefeuille .
A cotton candy account that plays loosely with the truth in trying to be hip , contemporary and pink .
Pretty on the outside , empty on the in .
... like a girlified version of a Ken Russell period piece ... Coppola mixes historical fact with Coppola 's own perspective on what this young woman had to contend with .
Films , like royalty , it turns out , can not survive on style alone .
Some say the biggest offender was the application of '80s pop songs -- the soundtrack to her own upbringing -- to an otherwise detailed period piece . But throwing on great , guitar-driven tunes is actually one her cannier moves .
Marie Antoinette may be Coppola 's weakest movie , but it is far from a failure .
Coppola 's third feature is all surface and no substance , leaving you as undernourished as the French in the bread-shortage months preceding the revolution .
What Coppola delivers is a fresh take on history that makes it come to life in an unexpected way .
`` Marie '' is a flawed but admirable attempt to give us the view from inside the gilded cage , one that generally works until the peasants get restless in the third act .
Where Marie Antoinette fares best is in its examination of the royal life as a treadmill of constantly winding boredom .
It 's very pretty and occasionally amusing but also dreadfully dull for long , long stretches .
There are several wonderful moments and one magnificent scene -LRB- the masked ball -RRB- , but there 's nothing new here and certainly nothing daring .
By colliding eras , Coppola asserts that rich youth of long ago are n't much different than those alive today .
Most should be moved by the emotional and psychological insights into what it is like to be Marie Antoinette .
It 's impossible for me to not see something of Coppola 's own premature coronation as the emotional centre of her father 's royal court .
Given the spectacular backdrop of Versailles as her playpen , Coppola reduces history into a pop Halloween party ... . Forget the liberty , equality and fraternity stuff . Let 's just get to , ` Off with their heads ! '
The fashion-conscious Marie Antoinette looks great . Imagine what this attractive but empty shell of a movie might have been with something inside it .
The challenge of Kirsten Dunst is to portray Marie as she matures from giggly teen to frustrated wife to loving mother and queen . Dunst succeeds in a stunning performance .
Let them eat cake ? Sofia Coppola feeds it to us in spoonfuls -- pink , sugary , decadent . The entire film seems to have been squeezed onto the screen from a confectioner 's pastry bag ...
I do n't know why I kept thinking about Paris Hilton while watching Sofia Coppola 's `` Marie Antoinette . '' Perhaps because the film looks good % u2014 all fluffy and pink % u2014 but decidedly empty when it comes to plot and emotional implementation .
Contempo tunes share the stage with operative airs to give the production a delightful , if prochronistic , diversity .
From scene to scene you sense Coppola has a strong personal connection with both this character and the material , but it 's never articulated clearly enough to elevate her film beyond an admirable head-scratcher .
The film keeps its focus on the queen 's teenness , her formation as an icon and a legend , her measure as a girl .
A visually splendid cinematic poem , part speculation of Antoinette 's mindset , part fantasy dress-up indulgence , and all expression of a kindred spirit shared by young women across the centuries .
Without daddy 's money ... Coppola 's emaciated screenplay would still be moldering on her hard drive as the author worked the 10-4 shift at the Starbucks on Figueroa .
Too much blurry cinematography and indecipherable whispering made ` Marie Antoinette ' the most annoying film I 've seen since ` Miami Vice . '
The first film to be shot inside the palace of Versailles , it succeeds in portraying the excess of royalty which , in part , led to the Revolution .
Its billowy folds of cotton candy fluff make for a one-of-a-kind counterpoint to the stogy self-importance of similar works .
Director Sofia Coppola transforms what would otherwise be described as a costume drama into a subtle dissertation on the vagaries of our too-much-too-soon culture . But at the same time , Coppola 's general approach to moviemaking seems to produce this kind
It 's history written with truffles .
It 's always fun to take a glimpse into the remarkably insane world of the royal village of Versailles at the end of the old regime .
Filler Queen .
The director squanders a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to film on the grounds and inside the Palace of Versailles . It 's the trappings we get , in richly reproduced costumes and all-over gilt furniture , at the expense of any substance .
Little happens for much of Marie Antoinette , but Coppola is a visual storyteller , and with her first big canvas she creates a giddy world at Versailles in color and light .
Coppola 's queen experiences no inner transformation or redemption because , in this telling , she 's in no need of it . She 's cool to begin with .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- of a piece with Lost in Translation in its sympathetic depiction of a pampered girl-woman whose unhappiness is no less real for being the pure product of privilege .
Forgive the straw-grasping , but a film made with such care inspires a search for meaning .
With lyrical intelligence and scrappy wit , Coppola creates a luscious world to get lost in . It 's a pleasure .
Coppola fails to define what made Marie Antoinette especially unique or deserving of such a lasting reputation .
Yes , it 's a very pretty picture , but this movie could have been so much more .
Really -- our lives as info-age rabble would be so much more tolerable if we could simply deliver our celebrities , as soon as they become tiresome , to a guy with a leather hood .
This is just a lark , a heavy-handed one without the heart of even the bad histories which gave us a Marie who said -LRB- as she never did -RRB- Let them eat cake .
For all the technical beauty of Marie Antoinette , there 's nobody at home at Versailles .
Dunst plays Marie Antoinette as if she 's seen the future and it 's Paris Hilton .
Instead of turning her inside out , Coppola illustrates just how ordinary she was and how her insular world prevented her from understanding the events that eventually would end her life .
Coppola may have failed here , but her aesthetic instincts remain strong .
By film 's end when the royal family is forced to evacuate the besieged Versailles -LRB- no guillotine in this retelling -RRB- , this Marie has achieved something like genuine nobility . When the chips are down she takes her queenly role seriously .
With a fresh approach , Sofia Coppola 's film makes Marie Antoinette human , and sympathetic , and lets 18th-century history rock out into modern times .
There 's not much meat at this banquet , only sweets .
It 's like eating dessert first and never getting around to the main course .
Here 's one thing about Marie Antoinette : It sure is easy to watch . And here 's another : It 's even easier to forget .
She was born into fabulous wealth and fame . By the time she was a teenager , her name was well-known to both the public and the well-to do . So is it any wonder Sofia Coppola wanted to do a movie about Marie Antoinette ?
Although it is purposely devoid of substance , it is still devoid of substance .
As for Dunst , there 's nothing she does here that could n't have been done by Jessica Simpson .
By the end , the sad , preposterous emptiness of the court has overtaken the movie and turned it from a potentially intriguing drama into a forlorn , muzzy daydream .
The result is a silly piece of costume jewelry called Marie Antoinette , and no , the soldering of a new-wave-revival soundtrack with 18th-century Versailles is not interesting enough to save this bauble .
This is her weakest movie to date , and yet as a reflection of Coppola 's intriguing quality as a filmmaker , there 's something about it that makes you wonder what the test of time will do to this Marie Antoinette .
The movie ends as it started , with Marie in a carriage , unaware of the fate we know awaits her . It 's the last in a long line of things the movie neither shows or tells us .
Every criticism I have read of this film would alter is fragile magic and reduce its romantic and tragic poignancy to the level of an instructional film .
Given Coppola 's fashion-first approach , it 's a miracle the film does n't feel more like a long perfume ad . But the movie has atmosphere , beauty , spirit , and exquisite production design , photography , and editing .
The thing is , there is no culture here to counter , only grossly exuberant tawdriness elegantly masquerading as such . In fact , when all is said and done it 's almost enough to make an intelligent viewer lose their head .
For all the pretty people and prettier costumes stuffed into the film , -LSB- Coppola -RSB- has left a blank emotional slate on which moviegoers can Etch-a-Sketch any version they like .
The real-life Marie Antoinette lost her head . The sunshiny-day-dreaminess of ` Marie Antoinette ' may make you wonder if writer-director Sofia Coppola has lost her mind .
Once she makes the sound feminist point that it was n't easy being a girl in 1768 , Coppola proves intellectually taxed .
It is both the greatest strength and a major weakness of Marie Antoinette that every moment seems as self-contained as a pop song .
-LSB- It -RSB- uses an 18th century story to shed some light on how flamboyantly and shallowly some people lead their lives in any age .
The film deflates the reason why she is a compelling figure , if at all . Her courage during her confinement , % u2026 and her ultimate death made her an honorary member of the Dead Blonde Hall of Fame . Her victimization made her an icon .
The biggest disappointment of the year
I enjoyed the music , but not the film .
For all the rock music , modern dialogue and lack of accents , Marie Antoinette is not that different from most historical/political biopics .
Works for about an hour until it becomes as monotonous as hanging out with a gaggle of teenage shoppers who could n't care less about their history assignment .
The film is better as a curiosity than as entertainment .
... never quite becomes anything more than a mildly entertaining curiosity - something that can be attributed to Coppola 's meandering screenplay and penchant for long , dialogue-free sequences .
After her appearance in Godfather III , I did n't think it was possible that I could hate Sofia Coppola more , but her Marie Antoinette really takes the cake
A sort of John Hughes movie , `` The Breakfast Club Part 2 : A Semester at Versailles . ''
Mainly , Marie Antoinette is a film about fetish . It 's about taking in all the pink cookies , pink shoes and pink wigs and finding them wonderful , even erotic .
Though Dunst looks the part and stunningly carries off foot-high powdered wigs and lavish costumes , her flat affect and simpering voice do n't conjure up the requisite sense of arrogant power , corruption and narcissism .
Marie Antoinette , which was shot at Versailles , looks absolutely sumptuous , but is , ultimately as substantial as a bonbon .
A largely static , desperately pseudo-hip attempt to reconstruct the events leading up to the French Revolution from the vantage point of a 1980s punk rocker .
The queen may keep her head here , but this Marie is pretty brainless .
A startlingly original and beautiful pop reverie that comes very close to being transcendent .
Coppola 's film is a superior achievement , a story as rich and resonant as its protagonist is hollow .
Just because the film 's heroine has nothing to say about politics , revolutionary or otherwise , does n't justify Coppola being similarly dumbstruck .
A very ambitious remake of a film that really needed an update with a big dose of style and accuracy .
What 's surprising is that , by the end , Marie Antoinette , for all its folderol , is quite touching .
Coppola brilliantly conjures the young queen 's insular world , in which she was both isolated and claustrophobically scrutinized . While not celebrating Marie Antoinette 's reign , Coppola clearly sympathizes with a girl who was less heedless than naive .
The music is heavenly in its use and perfect for the tone , rustling up an emotional response far greater than anything brought about from the characters themselves .
One of the most vapid and unentertaining stories I 've had the displeasure of seeing this year .
If not so witty as Coppola 's Lost in Translation , this is like a funnier and feminine Barry Lyndon .
Is there a more perfect soundtrack to a forbidden romp between a teenage princess and Count Axel von Fersen -LRB- Dior model Jamie Dornan -RRB- than ` Kings of the Wild Frontier ' by Adam & the Ants ?
After seeing Sofia Coppola 's Marie Antoinette , I realize there was no need for the bloodshed ... Had the mobs left -LSB- Marie and Louis XVI -RSB- alone , they 'd have bored themselves and everyone else in the aristocracy to death .
Too bad it signifies nothing . Marie Antoinette is a languorously detailed period piece , partly filmed at the palace in Versailles , that is almost pornographically obsessed with fashion , jewelry and desserts .
Marie Antoinette never gets to the part where her head gets lopped off , but it would sure perk things up .
Coppola has not made the anticipated period piece or even character study . Her third film , instead , is all about mood : artfully capturing the anxieties inherent in being a young , confused woman far from home .
Insouciant but never cavalier , Coppola 's latest effort should prove definitively she 's a talent in her own right .
The movie falls apart when the peasants storm the palace in 1789 , an event completely outside Coppola 's frame of reference -- at least until the Cannes premiere .
The prettiest movie of the year so far , Marie Antoinette is also one of the most thrillingly original .
Perhaps Marie Antoinette can best be appreciated in the haphazard way you savor a pop song that 's about nothing beyond its own expression of energy and flash .
The absence of accents is distracting , as is a smugness that makes this bratty time warp of a dramedy somewhat condescending to its source material .
Coppola 's script is comic-book silly -LRB- ` We 're too young to reign ' -RRB- , and she has studded the movie with miscast talent .
Off with its head .
Coppola succeeds at her main goal : Marie and the court are presented to us , not embalmed in stilted `` period '' language and affect , but with more familiar trappings .
Is it possible to make a film that evokes both Barry Lyndon and National Lampoon 's European Vacation ? Sofia Coppola has had a decent stab at it .
File under fascinating failure .
This bold and inimitable movie is the best flick made by a Coppola in 27 years .
Pretty but pointless
This is a movie that never gets to the point , perhaps because it does n't recognize what the point is .
The work of a mature filmmaker who has identified and developed a new cinematic vocabulary to describe a new breed of post-postpostfeminist woman .
I would n't say all the fuss over Sofia Coppola 's anachronistic ` Marie Antoinette ' ... is much ado about nothing , but it 's certainly much ado about nothingness .
I was captivated enough by Coppola 's tapestry of fantasy - realism to be well entertained .
-LSB- Coppola -RSB- transports you to a place you 've never been , makes you feel a sensation that 's familiar , yet leaves you different than you were two hours earlier .
If Sofia Coppola is n't the queen of slow , she 's the princess of bore . Despite its sumptuous production design and cinematography , this is grotesquely superficial , slow , and boring .
Rather like its heroine -- extremely pretty to look at but rather simple-minded .
An entertaining experiment that allows Kirsten Dunst to have the strongest role and performance of her career .
Sofia Coppola keeps making these aptly crafted , perfectly vapid little films . She 's the arthouse Tony Scott .
Without Dunst , though , and the emotional complexity that she creates , the effort in its entirety would be a brash bit of stunt filmmaking gone wrong .
This might n't be food for the soul , but it is a pleasurable sugar rush .
Dazed and confused , it feels like a teenager 's diary , read aloud over some awesome mixtape .
Extravagant , lavish , and shallow . Coppola knows about dresses and shoes but not about subtext and complex characters . 12-year old Dakota Fanning could n't play `` older '' ?
The one , transfixing virtue of Marie Antoinette is its unembarrassed devotion to the superficial . There is no morality at play here , no agony other than boredom , and , until the last half hour , not a shred of political sense .
A hedonistic riot of spirited , capricious filmmaking ; a sexy , witty , dynamic romp , fired by more imagination than a thousand Merchant Ivorys and propelled by the best soundtrack of the year .
What won me over were the sumptuous sets , gorgeous costumes and inviting use of rich colors . I think most people will be bored silly by it , but I rather enjoyed it .
Barbie Goes to Versailles is lavishly fashionable - if you 're fascinated by intricate shoes and towering coiffeurs .
A mesmerizing performance by Kirsten Dunst as Marie Antoinette , a self-absorbed woman imprisoned in a golden cage of wealth and privilege .
A buoyant , passionately sympathetic dream-bio .
Pouring Coca-Cola in the cabernet , Sofia Coppola 's dazzling Marie Antoinette could n't be more anachronistic if it showed the queen of France saying , ` Let them eat sushi . ' Coppola works in weird ways , but the real Versailles was so much weirder .
Highly theatrical and yet also intimate and informal , Marie Antoinette lets its story slink almost casually through its lovingly composed and rendered images .
A graceful , charming , and sometimes witty confection -- at least for its first hour .
This is one of the most immediate , personal costume dramas ever made , and so it 's not unseemly to consider how the writer-director and her heroine overlap .
The overwrought director sees Marie as France 's most misunderstood monarch , but provides nary one sane member of the court who misunderstands her .
Marie Antoinette creates biography as much through its soundtrack , attitudes and its close-ups as it does through its action and dialogue .
A strong attention to detail with an impressionistic style ... breathes life into the story in unexpected ways .
A fun fantasy frolic ... ambitiously stylized ... -LSB- but -RSB- too light and hermetically sealed in the minds of Coppola and her queen to transcend its artfully cared-for fluffiness .
Ms. Coppola and her colleagues have also taken an anachronistic approach to her material with an anarchic pop-music score suggesting the complacent spirit of a contemporary spoiled teenager infatuated with the glistening surfaces of her generation .
sets off a mesmerizing sense of dazzle
At its best when unabashedly celebrating its milieu 's decadence
Coppola does n't ask us to take Marie Antoinette as she thinks she was but as she probably was : a little girl who did n't know better .
Cake is the perfect metaphor for this superficial , messy confection of a movie .
The film looks and sounds absolutely splendid , but the story ultimately drags somewhat ...
The feast , however sumptuous , should have had more than just cake .
A period piece is expected from directors with two or three successes under their belt . However , in this respect Coppola has modernized the historical epic , with rock music and an occasional converse footed actor .
Let them have eye candy pretty much sums up Sofia Coppola 's approach to her revisionist and modernist take on the famous royal airhead who in the end lost her head .
A revisionist , but ultimately frivolous look at the notorious queen -LRB- `` let them eat cake '' -RRB- , this $ 40 million folly is a frothy souffle rather than nutritious cuisine , made easy on the eyes by Kirsten Dunst 's charm and Milena Canonero 's lush costumes .
The movie slices through the cobwebs of history to seek the heart of the young Austrian princess whom 18th century political diplomacy thrust into a maelstrom of court intrigue and poisoned personal relationships without even asking if she minded .











@highlight

Lavish imagery and a daring soundtrack set this film apart from most period dramas ; in fact , style complete takes precedence over plot and character development in Coppola 's vision of the doomed queen .