Open Water is being touted as one of the most frightening films to chomp into your psyche for a long time , but either I 'm secretly being fed sedatives or this is a case of good old hype meets collective hysteria .
Intense relationship story is n't for kids .
Scary , tense , atmospheric , and well acted ...
Kentis and Lau have labored to make an almost documentary-style film . It 's meant to make us feel like we are really there , and to a large extent it succeeds .
`` Open Water '' works on many levels , chief among them as an examination of isolation , worry , terror , and the dread that can accompany the unknown .
In the end , the film is a cheat . The scares do n't work and well , really , there 's nothing else there to work .
Open Water depends on the audience to be able to vicariously place themselves in the situation at hand , and if you can do that , you 're in for a nerve-frying treat .
Lo mismo ya lo dijo , mucho mejor , Steven Spielberg hace 30 años .
` Creatividad y un guión inteligente reemplazan la falta de presupuesto para crear un producto de buena calidad '
A horrifying meditation on how contentment can lull us into complacency , detachment , and ultimately , absolute isolation .
Low-budget and sparse , but very effective .
Uses a minimalist budget , a vast outdoor setting , a very small cast , and a narrative that meticulously builds a pervasive sense of dread without giving too much away
Un exercice minimaliste satisfaisant , mais vite oublié .
Sure to push the buttons of anyone with a shark phobia .
The sharks were bad enough but who would have thought a jellyfish could be so frightening ?
-LSB- It 's -RSB- perhaps the most boring thriller you will ever see that will still manage to thrill you like crazy .
-LSB- Creates -RSB- the steadily mounting feeling that something could go terribly wrong at any moment , both in front of and behind the camera .
It 's the influence of Reality TV that has made Open Water 's naturalistic suffering -LRB- and crippling literal-mindedness -RRB- seem like acceptable escapism .
Funciona não apenas como um suspense exemplar , mas principalmente como um estudo sobre a fragilidade do Homem diante da Natureza e sobre a maneira com que enxergamos a morte .
Not likely to help scuba diving become the world 's most popular pastime , but only scary if you 're already frightened of your own shadow in a cinema .
an expertly modulated horror movie
They float , encounter sharks , float , encounter jellyfish , float , encounter more sharks ... zzzzzz . With...tension-inducing music , this film could have been a real nail-biter .
Derives its haunting force from an exercise in minimalism .
As it dawns on the couple that they 've slipped several links down the food chain , you 're right there with them .
Harrowing .
Open Water is terrifying on a purely primal level . In a fear-of-the-dark , monsters-under-the-bed way , it twangs nerves forgotten since childhood .
... why is this fraud of a flick finding an audience ?
It 's a triumph of chills on the cheap that delivers its gut punch of terror by slowly but surely immersing distinctly everyday characters into the unthinkable .
In a less media-frenzied world , this small movie would find some admirers at art house theaters . As it is , Open Water nearly sinks beneath the hype that surrounds it .
Not so much a scary movie as it is a desolate one .
`` Open Water '' muddies a compelling subject matter via shoddy and incompetent filmmaking . A shallow and frustrating exercise in treading water .
... Daniel and Susan just float around bitching at each other , so the movie frequently seems like a production of Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf in scuba gear .
-LSB- S -RSB- uspenseful , refreshingly clean and simple , with a hard edge of realism that is quietly horrifying ...
As the characters begin to openly suffer , the movie becomes a grueling record of their pain and fear . It ultimately feels futile as well as pointlessly punishing .
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water again , along comes Open Water , the scariest seagoing shocker since Jaws .
The Blair Shark Project is supposedly ` based on actual events ' - which proves the Quentin Crisp dictum that ` even the worst movie is at least better than real life . '
as terrifying as anything you 're likely to see this year , but not in the manner you might expect
More inspried by gimmickry than by storytelling , Open Water never develops characters that equals the weight of their situation .
While the film never truly terrified me , it did leave me thinking about the tenuous nature of human life .
There 's not much here , but Open Water capitalizes on its slightness ... -LSB- lets -RSB- our imagination do most of the work of putting the actors in sharks ' way .
Suffice to say this is so unengaging that you will find yourself rooting for the sharks and the jellyfish .
No special effects , no gimmicks , a tight 79-minute running time and REAL sharks is all that 's needed to make viewers squirm to the edge of their seats . **
The characters feel real , the setting feels wet , & the fatal mistakes feel huge . I was scared out of my wits , but it was highly enjoyable , and very well executed .
The performances are punishingly realistic and are aided by the fact that the actors truly fear for their lives .
Do n't go to this film expecting to be thrilled , excited or frightened ... Expect to feel what it is like to be on the wrong end of the food chain .
I came out of this movie in shock . With a minimum or lack of special effects it managed to scare the heck out of me .
Kudos to writer/director Chris Kentis ... He really does n't utilize much shark footage , but he certainly knows how to space it out for maximum effect .
What makes Open Water an exemplary thriller is that it 's rooted in humanity .
When `` The Blair Witch Project '' and `` Jaws '' are combined , you get `` Open Water . ''
Effectively evokes a sense of the tragic .
There are no Hollywood heroes in these waters , only two regular people ... plus you and me , huddling in the dark .
An unnerving ` What if ? ' scenario that you wo n't be able to shake -- from either your dreams or your waking thoughts .
Although the film 's antagonists are real , the young humans are n't fleshed out enough to make us impassioned about their welfare .
Sharks are nature 's most efficient killing machines . Open Water , which co-stars sharks , is the summer cinema 's most efficient scaring machine .
It begins with a knot in the stomach that warns we 're getting into uncharted waters and escalates through various stages of dread until it 's all the viewer can do not to squirm in his or her seat .
-LSB- Kentis and Lau -RSB- play on a litany of basic human fears -- abandonment , among them -- with shattering , savage results .
Think hand-held cameras in the open sea , shaky and buoyed by the waves , shot on digital video -LRB- but not the good , hi-definition kind -RRB- .
A tour-de-force show of how two people can bare their souls in the most extreme circumstances . Warts and all . That 's more terrifying for couples than the sight of a shark fin .
Considered in its ham-handed entirety , Open Water feels more of an exercise in cinematic sadism .
While Open Water does employ a few clever gimmicks , and does have some tense moments , it also features some pretty bad storytelling and thin characterizations .
I longed for something -- anything -- unexpected to occur . What I would n't have given for Wilson , the Cast Away volleyball , to float past with his bloody ` face ' print grinning at the pair !
... possesses a primeval power to get under your skin , if not necessarily stay in your mind much beyond its brief running time .
The actors - particularly the star-in-the-making Ryan , who takes command of the screen - and Kentis conspire to tie the audience 's nerves into knots .
Open Water is an excellent film because of its visceral simplicity .
So nerve-wracking the concession stand could make a killing on Xanax Slurpees .
This example of minimalist stunt filmmaking does n't add up to much , but the filmmakers deserve credit for their diabolically simple , inexpensive and effective premise ...
Anyone choosing to sit on the edge of a seat in a state of locked tension ... will be utterly fulfilled . ... The fuzzy nature by which the premise is presented bites .
... efficace pour certains et pas du tout pour d'autres .
Open Water is a very simple film , but an effective one nevertheless .
Justified paranoia and dark digital photography combine forces in Open Water in an attempt to generate real fear in the audience , but the resulting film is simply too thin to manage the feat .
A film made for around $ 200,000 which looks like a film made for around $ 210,000 .
It is often too simple for its own good .
Open Water delivers enough to make it worthwhile for those jonesing for a chill .
Forget those vague , attention-grabbing warnings from the White House about Al-Qaeda operatives in our midst . For a true Terror Alert , look no further than Open Water .
Tingling jaws notwithstanding , the scariest thing going on here is the realization that this loser got picked up at Sundance .
Instead of ... hurling buckets of blood onto the screen , the film effectively exploits perhaps the most basic phobia in our subconscious : the terror of being abandoned .
Terrifying precisely because it does n't go in for cheesy shock tactics and special effects .
Open Water is a bore , despite the divers ' encounters with sharks , jellyfish and cute little cleaner fish , which have an annoying tendency of nibbling you to death .
Though it has been repeatedly called a scary movie , Open Water is n't very .
The unforgiving power of nature are all on display to amazing , and frightening , effect .
Stunning and harrowing .
Becomes a slow and steady descent into pure fear .
A white knuckle thriller that 'll have you thinking twice before taking up diving as a hobby .
The characters are so badly drawn that we do n't empathize with them
The settings , the acting , and the emotions explode off the screen in a way that big Hollywood filmmakers can only dream of .
... do n't go into this movie expecting to ` jump out of your skin ' ...
An undercooked minimalist film exercise . The end result : you 're stranded in Open Water , bereft of hope or care for the movie 's characters .
Seldom have I seen a warts-and-all argument between boyfriend and girlfriend portrayed with such verisimilitude .
I 'm sorry , but that 's entertainment ?
This ` body clench ' of a movie relies only on its stars ' ability to brave the waters with scores of real reef and bull sharks ... to achieve its scares
Despite its minimalism , the pic holds up well as a source of terror .
Open Water is based on true events , except for the cleavage which falls under the category of artistic license .
Open Water is much less `` sensational '' than Jaws or Deep Blue Sea , but that does n't mean it is n't a sensational movie just the same .
Its micro storytelling style makes Jaws look overblown and dull by comparison .
Disappointed by the sheer obviousness of the prologue , I frankly could n't wait to hustle these two into harm 's way ... And yet , Open Water is still a pretty tasty morsel .
By the end , I was ready to bite my fingernails off , and with softball season finally over I 'd just finally gotten them all long and pretty again .
We , the audience , shuffle out of the theater , feeling drained and punished .
Forget those Hollywood horror flicks with their manufactured terrors . Open Water will scare you out of the water .
As the clock ticks on , the sharks thresh and the dialogue continues to stagnate , you might just catch yourself wickedly thinking : Come on sharks , let 's do this .
A taut , riveting , uncommonly well-made film .
An ingenious triumph of imagination over budget .
It 's a very pure , basic kind of terror , nail-bitingly fun to watch ; made more so by the startling realism of the sharks .
The nagging desire to help these people underscores the involvement of the audience in this superbly told story . You can almost taste the saltwater , and the fear .
Not bad at all -LRB- the music is a little trite -RRB- , but where is the incentive to experience it ? Less a horror film than a misery spree .
Genuinely frightening and tightly constructed thriller , which holds you till the final frame .
Many will find it excruciatingly suspenseful . I , on the other hand , was on the side of sharks .
Like The Blair Witch Project , to which it 's rightfully compared , Open Water is a fascinating experiment in both filmmaking technology and narrative style , but one that can be counted a success only in limited ways .
It should make you think hard about assuming only a big , effects-driven adventure can really give you your money 's worth .
Kentis keeps it simple and direct , and the effect is devastating .
A low-budget indie film whose tension and realism are augmented by unknown actors who fully inhabit their roles .
If you want to be consumed by special effects , go to any of the many formulaic thrillers in theaters these days . If you want to feel the real chill of fear , go for a swim .
It 's ridiculously cheap and terrifying at the same time .
The real achievement here belongs to a director who understands that economy -LRB- in storytelling as well as in budget -RRB- can work in his favor .
What differentiates Open Water from similar stories recounted endlessly on cable television 's Shark Weeks is its scrupulous avoidance of anything remotely contrived .
Although the movie was produced with few frills , Kentis keeps you watching . He adds to the tension gradually , and by the end , you 're gripping the arms of your seat , wondering whether this pair will be rescued before , um , lunchtime .
I 'm here to tell you that Jaws is nothing . Jaws is now merely Flipper : Episode 127 .
Wrings every possible drop of tension out of a simple premise and a micro budget .
I ca n't think of any movie that so well captures how the sea can be hostile to human existence the way it most commonly is .
Seen in a movie theater , preferably in the company of some shriek-prone friends , Open Water is nasty , discomfiting fun .
How much you enjoy it may depend upon how much you enjoy fear . It 's the film equivalent of bungee jumping .
It 's a scything fin in the pit of your stomach , a gathering shark storm beneath the surface of the life you take for granted .
Rarely , but sometimes , a movie can have an actual physical effect on you . It gets under your defenses and sidesteps the ` it 's only a movie ' reflex and creates a visceral feeling that might as well be real .
... uses simple methods to tap into simple fears - and the movie is all the more frightening for it .
Bad drama , bad cinema , and worst of all , bad horror .
... a bare bones tale of survival horror that reverberates with emotional drama , realistic terror , and an overall sense of foreboding futility .
Jaws ... has nothing on this thing , which features up-close underwater photography of a school of sharks brushing up against our hapless divers ' legs .
It 'll leave you with the creeps and make you think twice about swimming in the ocean for the rest of the summer .
The back story may be a little weak , but when the tide shifts to terror , it 's effective - boy , do they know how to play on our phobias .
Open Water may not be a pristine or complex suspense thriller , but you 'd be hard-pressed to find anything else as terrifyingly potent in such a tiny package .
I am never going in the water again ! Open Water is one of the scariest movies of the year .
Digital video tale of two against nature has a certain B-movie charm , but it 's easy to be more impressed than enthralled .
A gimmick and nothing more ... No matter how daring it was to go into live waters with real sharks , it does n't ultimately help tell a story .
There are a hundred ways Open Water could have been a better movie , but ultimately you 're not likely to forget it .
Should come with a pre-screening checklist : Tissue for sweaty palms , liquid for clenched throat , and oxygen mask for air . This is a panic-attack inducing 75 minutes of film !
What 's ... fascinating is the extra step the movie takes to show how the couple is too shiftless and wrongheaded even to try and survive .
Plays like the opening scene from Jaws , only stretched out to feature length and not half as scary .
Will likely get the second wave of aquatic aficionados out of the water .
Open Water is not the terror masterpiece that many are claiming it to be .
A tiny movie about ocean fears that will flush that overrated The Blair Witch Project 20,000 leagues under the sea .
By no means a good movie .
A nasty piece of work that effectively raises the creepiness bar ... but the premise is limiting .
An expertly made suspense thriller based on an actual incident , but on a visceral level it 's about as much fun as watching someone pull the wings off a butterfly .
It 's just two people , some sharks and a whole lot of ocean . Does n't sound like much , but it proves more than enough to provide a taut , lonesome chill .
It 's a bone-chilling plunge into no-holds-barred storytelling .
This minimalist thriller evokes some deep and primal fears , but it is ultimately too under-dramatized to provoke anything more intense than squirming discomfort .
Open Water is so deeply terrifying , so primal in its depiction of man at the mercy of nature , that watching it shakes you to the core .
An exercise in slow-building anxiety that never quite leads to genuine horror .
You can feel the water , stretching against an unsheltering sky , seep into your bones .
A gut-clutching plunge into primal-fear territory that is no less unsettling for having been made on a flipper and a prayer .
It 's just them , the water and us -- at least until the sharks show up . By the time they do , we 're feeling almost as apprehensive as Susan and Daniel are .
Just one tedious scene stretched out to feature length .
A taut , 79-minute fright fest peppered with enough payoffs and glossed with a mournful philosophic overlay .
Despite its low-budget , it 's undoubtedly the most terrifying film of the summer !
Clearly , this one will divide viewers , but the vote here is that Open Water is an unpleasant experience .
An obvious successor to The Blair Witch Project that is neither as imaginative nor as existentially terrifying .
A fantastic gimmick - too bad nobody ever bothered to develop it into an actual , like , movie .
The filmmakers ' remarkable storytelling is not lost amidst the terrors of the deep ; what emerges is a glimpse into the psychological struggle when faced with unwinnable odds .
Rarely as gripping as it wants to be ; for the most part it treads water just as its lead characters do .
Whether or not anyone enjoys it , few will fail to describe it as a ` nailbiter . ' That it certainly is .
As a self-proclaimed shark-movie junkie , Open Water brilliantly taps into that ultimate fear of what lurks down below .
Simply a stunt -- hopelessly literal-minded and cheap in every sense .
Despite its flaws , I welcome Open Water with great enthusiasm , because it offers genuine scares and chills without the self-aware , packaged feel of many horror/thriller films .
... a compact little gem that proves that low-low-budget films do n't have to be always about couples squabbling in small rooms .
Writer/director Chris Kentis ekes genuine tension from little more than a pair of luckless yuppies and a relentless , unforgiving body of water .
A sharply recorded and realized picture of what lurks beneath ` our ' surface .
When Susan wonders if it 's scarier seeing or not seeing the sharks around them , she may as well be talking to the audience .
One of the most galvanizing and unforgettable films of the year .
A jittery , unapologetic experience worth a look for those who prefer psychological horror over broad slasher cliches .
more teasing than terrifying , failing to achieve the nerve-wracking suspense that his concept -LRB- and the movie 's buzz -RRB- suggests
I was rooting for the sharks .
Jaws on a much more intimate and personal level .
Kentis ends up treading water until , finally , the whole film gets sucked under .
Risks a disastrous anticlimax with its thoroughly unexpected conclusion , but it 's an uncompromising approach one ca n't help but admire .
This is the stuff nightmares are made of . It 's also a lesson in how shoe-string budgets need not mean limited dramatic effect .
This micro-budget suspense film generates more actual tension than nine out of 10 Hollywood thrillers .
An ultra-low-budget uber-indie horror flick that could very well resonate with audiences outside the festival circuit .
Open Water is horribly and blissfully intense , the sort of grass-roots thriller that will have you squirming in your seat as each successive dorsal fin breaks the waves
Even though I knew all along this movie was totally manipulating me , I followed along on the terrifying ride . I feel so dirty and used . For that , Kentis and his great cast deserve big props .
Its positives outweigh its negatives ; certainly it will send shivers up the spine of anyone who has ever been out on the open water and thought about the dangers down below .
















@highlight

A low budget thriller with some intense moments .