Rango is a new stoner cult classic in the making .
The weirdness of the film is fascinating , but there 's just so damn much of it .
Delivers the western genre goods along with generous laughs and some impressive animation -- and some brazenly warped sensibilities .
Amusing in small doses , marketed to kids and not really FOR kids . An undeserving Oscar winner .
Meditations on identity make Rango unique , and somewhat special , in the current animated film landscape .
If the writers had dared to step a little outside the borders of the western formula or if they 'd even just shaken up the old formula a bit , this really could have been something special , but sadly , it just ends up being pretty standard .
Depp is n't as annoying in this as he has been elsewhere .
Packed with in-jokes , great characters and an offbeat anti-hero , Rango is the perfect shake-up the animated genre needed .
At long last , a spaghetti Western for the kiddie set -- and one that does n't sell older viewers short .
Oddball existential western animation .
An animated walk on the dry side
Unfocused and absolutely scattered ...
... The best non-Pixar animated movie in recent memory ...
Set in a surreally off-kilter version of the Wild West populated entirely by animals , computer-animated Western Rango is both a witty spoof and loving homage to the genre .
Kudos to the director for making it as oddball as it could get away with .
Fans of Johnny Depp will enjoy his voice work as the nutty Rango ; he is obviously having a good time . Ned Beatty 's voice is easily recognizable as the main villain , giving him a one-two punch after working as the nasty Lotso in Toy Story 3 ...
... this southwestern goof is really for really big kids with a love of movies , a sense of whimsy and a soft spot for the hideously gorgeous creatures of the desert .
It 's one of those movies that will reveal more and more to youngsters as they rewatch it in years to come ... and that 's the best kind of film .
For good or for bad , this is not your run-of-the-mill animated feature .
Rango is Disney by way of Hunter S. Thompson , Chinatown recast with a lizard , Blazing Saddles with existential angst , Sergio Leone 's spaghetti westerns romanticallyspoofed . Rango is both weird and wonderful .
Inevitably , as seems to be the law with any modern animation , there 's an intertextual dimension to the proceedings .
This chameleon stands out .
Part celebration of the spaghetti western with a stunning resolutely 2 :D visual style , is geared primarily for adults and is quirky in all the right ways .
Rango is as gloriously cinematic as it is witty and ironic .
OK , kids , who 's ready for an animated version of `` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas '' ?
Sergio Leone meets Chuck Jones
A third act cameo sets a high water mark of awesome , especially for fans of Deadwood .
If ever there was an animated film made for film critics , Rango is it .
The kind of computer animation that lingers so exquisitely on the little things . The romance is sweetly underplayed and Coen-like moments of hyper-erudition and eccentric , grizzled characters make for a rollicking escapade .
A smart , satirical , and expertly animated adventure aimed at adults and children alike .
... reminds one of how special animation can be .
Brilliantly bonkers , this animated Western weirdo should scare little kids while dazzling adults with its inspired approach to demented homage .
Inventive visuals and lively voice cast lift this finely animated film above the fray . So it 's a shame that the story feels both random and predictable .
Any serious , dark-minded child who 's up on High Noon , The Good , the Bad and the Ugly , Chinatown , Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas and the writings of Carlos Castaneda will really find their precociousness rewarded .
` Rango ' is one of the best works of literature I 've enjoyed for many years . ` Rango ' is one of the best family films I 've seen in years . ` Rango ' is one of the best Westerns I 've ever seen .
Going in , I was expecting much more standard children 's fare , not an existential undertaking with shout-outs to everything from Chinatown to Don Quixote .
Just when you thought you 'd seen everything , here comes Chinatown , the animated version .
Una película sumamente entretenida , y especialmente disfrutable por un público adulto y cinéfilo , que es todo un homenaje al universo del spaghetti western que inmortalizaran Sergio Leone -LRB- director -RRB- , Clint Eastwood -LRB- actor -RRB- y Ennio Morricone -LRB- compositor -RRB- .
It would be unfair , and inaccurate , to call Rango a one-joke movie . There may be two or three ; I did n't count . The first laugh comes with the appearance of a. . .
Rango is a precision-built , artistically rich and intelligently entertaining movie that deserves to become a hit and a classic .
`` Rango '' has everything going for it -- strong characters , complex plotting , and a knowledge of the genre it parodies without excluding newcomers to it . It 's smart without being alienating and exciting without being mindless .
Channeling spaghetti westerns , Cervantes , Castaneda , and a dash of CHINATOWN as refracted through the visual sensibilities of Dali , it is a fiendishly clever concretion of high - and low-brow in a story that is both vision quest and farce
Quick-witted animated Western spoof gets plenty mileage out of good writing , a grand sense of fun , and the voice of Johnny Depp .
Rango a dynamic tribute to a lost genre .
Sergio Leone meets ` The Shakiest Gun in the West ' in this odd movie about a chameleon who -- credit the filmmakers for their cleverness -- does n't blend in .
A welcome change from formula as it travels on tangents that vary from the crazed to the surreal
There is never a doubt Rango will succeed by film 's end , but the movie does have its charms .
Boasts a richer , stranger cinematic flavor than anything in Verbinski 's Pirates of the Caribbean movies
Already the best animated movie of 2011 , Rango is a must-watch for anybody with a brain , a heart or a functioning pair of eyes .
Though young children may enjoy it , the film is built for viewers of any age with a taste for joyful anarchy .
It is not a coincidence that the mayor -LRB- Ned Beatty -RRB- sounds like the evil John Huston character from Chinatown as the film makes an obvious nod toward that film classic .
what it loses in coherence and dexterity it gains in pure sensationalism , whether it be visual , verbal , or narrative
Roger Deakins -LRB- True Grit -RRB- may have just lost the Academy Award for a criminal ninth time , but his talent as a cinematographer is one of the secret weapons in the first CG movie from live-action director Gore Verbinski .
What a joy to see an original vision constructed with so much passion and smarts .
If the art of the mashup is what passes for originality these days , then Rango is a creative tour de force .
The first film of 2011 that I can recommend without reservations .
Existential , inventive and irreverent
full review at Movies for the Masses
`` Rango '' is proof that not all new animated films need to go the gimmicky way of 3-D .
The stunning overall look -- which tips its ten-gallon hat at western classicists like John Ford and Sergio Leone while winking slyly at Salvador Dali -- qualifies as a work of art in its own right .
The film unspools as an admittedly bizarre blending of an animated adventure film for kids and a meta-comedy about a character who must morph from being a fictitious hero to being a real one .
Not often does one see an animated family film where someone talks about experiencing a `` paradigm shift '' or says , `` I think your metaphor broke my spleen . ''
Very funny , packed with solid action , animated with a remarkable degree of care and creativity , and delivered with a breathless sense of energy .
There 's absolutely no arguing that it comes from the same mentality of test-marketing and formula and commercial calculation as most American animation does right now .
Even if the story about a dust bowl town 's diminished water supply is n't quite thrilling enough , the film makes up for it with wacked-out dream sequences and a general oddball tone
In the end , Rango , despite its many pleasures , is a bit too smart for its own good .
It 's very , very interesting but it 's sort of like you 've got to have that magic combination : you 've got to have looks and heart .
With its many allusions to other films like Chinatown , The Three Amigos and any number of spaghetti Westerns , Rango seems to have pulled off the Pixar trick of entertaining both young and old .
Rango is an impressive and wonderfully strange film .
There are some great sight gags and the script has some good lines , but there are n't enough of them - and the plot is rather slight and predictable .
The Western is n't dead . It 's just become more animated ... literally .
Fantastical tale of the reptile that conquered the Wild West .
Rango is like Chinatown meets A Fistful of Dollars meets a Geico commercial . And it 's totally awesome .
This one is for Johnny Depp devotees only . The animation is good but the overall effect of the movie is dull .
It does n't know what kind of a film it is .
Closer to a comedy for adults than a kids ' flick , this ground-breaking and simply unmissable animation bursts with creativity , humour and clever references .
Minutes into the audaciously animated Rango , I wondered whether someone had slipped peyote into my soft drink ... This movie is obviously not right in the head , and I love it .
I just do n't know if we 'll see a film as smart or fun or overwhelmingly rich as Rango for the rest of the year .
A film so committed -LRB- and respectful -RRB- to the western flubs by basing itself on another style .
While the pace of the film is slow , the colorful characters , witty dialog , movie references and beautiful artwork make this a pony ride worth taking .
The movie basically adheres to the conventions of the genre as well as the Western spoofs made popular by comedians such as Bob Hope , Abbott and Costello , and Mel Brooks in `` Blazing Saddles . ''
Presented in glorious bug-eyed 2-D , Paramount 's animated western fantasia `` Rango '' arrives , and the Old West gets `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' - ized .
See Gnomeo & Juliet instead .
Gore Verbinski 's sophisticated , extremely amusing CGI animated movie , a cartoon for adults as opposed to an adult cartoon ...
Visualmente espetacular -LRB- ... -RRB- , é repleto de momentos que surgem poéticos de tão evocativos .
Who else but Johnny Depp would Gore Verbinski want to voice the character of Rango , given how they worked together to create Jack Sparrow , a Pirate in the Caribbean ... Rango , let 's face it , is another colourful character .
There 's a lot to like about Rango , the colourful , kooky chameleon looking for enlightenment in this unique and imaginative animation that takes the form of a Western , and embraces a zoo of weird and wonderful characters
Hypnotic . I 'd be shocked if there is a better animated film in 2011 .
This is a smart , hip comedy that works for adults and youngsters alike .
The first animated film from ILM is also the first memorable motion picture of 2011 .
These strange looking characters are hard to love . They did n't generate the excitement and enthusiasm that I was hoping for .
The film reunites director Gore Verbinski with star Johnny Depp , and just as with their Pirates of the Caribbean collaboration it begins very promisingly before descending into a chaotic mess .
There 's more visual wit in Gore Verbinski 's Rango than the last two Pixar films combined .
There are a couple of frightening sequences with a rattlesnake and a hawk that may scare small children , but all ends well . Rango will rope you in .
Kids do n't always need primary colors and fluffy bunnies and 3-D effects . Sometimes a scrawny , ugly chameleon in the dirty Old West will do .
A work that in its finest moments comes across as a Coen Brothers film with anthropomorphic animals instead of flesh-and-blood humans .
Anytime you have a rattlesnake attached to a machine gun and voiced by Bill Nighy , you can sign me up . Cleverly written , not for kids and not in 3D . Go see it . Now .
Admirably ambitious animated ode to Spaghetti Westerns featuring a Johnny Depp-voiced lizard as the unlikely hero .
... whole-heartedly casts its lot with the grown-ups in the audience , paying homage to Sergio Leone , Carlos Castaneda , Hunter S. Thompson , and Roman Polanski 's Chinatown . ... So , let 's dispel the illusion that this movie is for kids .
It 's almost like Sergio Leone was adapting a Kenneth Grahame story .
With all of these crazy characters running around and Hans Zimmer 's perfect Spaghetti Western score , `` Rango '' is a treat for everyone who enjoys animation .
`` Rango '' is a delight from start to finish , both visually and in its creative writing .
Adults and slightly older children should have a great time .
The funny and powerfully weird Rango is probably the closest I 've seen a big-budget , computer-animated feature get to the comic vibe of my favorite Chuck Jones cartoons .
A CGI western comedy populated by desert critters , Rango gives the film year a belated jump start with a passel of movie-wise fun and a knockout animation style .
All in all , Rango is a freaky and fun ride , with some tasty philosophical asides and references for the grownups to chew on .
With his first animated feature , Pirates of the Caribbean director Gore Verbinski shows ambitions considerably beyond producing the usual standard of most children 's fare . To put it plainly , Rango is one weird movie .
Yes , -LSB- there are -RSB- enough nods to other sources to make Rango a bobblehead . But the movie , and much of John Logan 's writing , is still pretty durn clever .
The best of Rango is a lot like the best of the first Pirates movie -- crazily funny and rambunctious .
What elevates it above a cheeky romp is the skilled CGI work , not only the wealth of tactile detail lavished on the parched townsfolk but also the painterly , sand-swept vistas they call home .
Rango might be the first animated feature film from Industrial Light & Magic , but in many ways it 's easy to forget you are watching an actual cartoon .
Amusing and thrilling albeit slightly overlong with dazzling visuals and clever nods to classic Westerns .
He is `` sinking deeper into the guacamole of his own deception , '' says the owl who leads a Mexican mariachi band that serves as the story 's Greek chorus - a description that shows you just how willfully weird are the goings-on .
The humor is dry , dusty and packed with animated caricatures of legendary movie characters .
The best animated film I 've seen since Coraline -LRB- and yes , that includes the Pixar films -RRB- .
Guns and deep thoughts make this best for older kids .
beautiful yet hollow , the first real missed opportunity of 2011 .
Some good bits about the nature of heroism , but not enough to elevate Rango to the ranks of Pixar . Still , when viewed as a silly comedy-adventure , it 's enjoyable .
A defiantly weird and unexpectedly charming effort that could easily feel at home at both matinees and on the midnight movie circuit .
A delightfully strange , if somewhat inconsistent , animated western .
No tightly-plotted Pixar masterpiece , Rango is its own insane expression , a nervy bundle of outrageous daring , jangled and tangled to a free-wheeling fare-thee-well . Green has n't been this much fun since early Shrek .
Parents will be nudging aside their children to check out the thoroughly mature western known as Rango
I suspect the young ` uns will ... take a shine to the hero of Rango : a chameleon that 's part Kermit the Frog , part street-corner kook -LRB- and all Johnny Depp , who supplies the often hilarious voice -RRB- .
Whether your a fan of film , a fan of animation or just a fan of having fun in the theater Rango is a delight across the board .
A damn fine western , an entertaining throwback to classic B-pictures that pays clever tribute to its predecessors .
Rango 's not just a kiddie-flick -LRB- though it has enough silly slapstick to qualify as a pretty good one -RRB- . It 's a real movie lover 's movie , conceived as a Blazing Saddles-like comic commentary on genre that 's as back-lot savvy as it is light in the saddle .
Clear proof that a great director can work in any genre and medium and produce great results .
The only thing more astonishing than its subversive sense of humor and general anarchy is the fact that a studio is putting it in wide release .
It is only the first week of March and we are still getting over last year 's award season . But the race for 2011 's Best Animated Feature may have just begun . And may have just ended .
This is one of those movies where the grandiose vision is there , but it never gels .
Rango is clever and entertaining . Not for the very young perhaps , but ideal for teens and adults .
... viewers will eventually find themselves growing tired of the movie 's meandering structure and unusually deliberate pace ...
As animation , this is top class , and a mile away from the orthodox . Some of the detail is terrific , and the screenplay is sharply intelligent .
The strangeness is off the scale in a kooky concoction that might have been hatched at the bottom of a bong . Then again , what do you expect with Johnny involved ?
An ultra-quirky animated Western with a vocal tour de force by Johnny Depp that 's quite unlike anything I 've ever seen .
A sun-baked symphony of rust and dust , Rango has a spiky , unsentimental appeal , sending out slightly risque jokes to parents while staying safely out of the danger zone for kids .
The whole enterprise is redolent of past movies -LRB- and drug trips -RRB- , yet it somehow whiffs fresh .
Nothing about this witty , inventive film obeys the rules .
What it borrows and what it builds combine to feel original and strange .
Without double-crossing the kiddie contingent , `` Rango '' is iconic like a spaghetti Western , smart like a '70s conspiracy thriller and lively like a Coen brothers comedy .
It 's a one-of-a-kind film that could have faltered in numerous places and yet somehow hangs together and works . Best of all ? It 's not in 3D .
Frantically and refreshingly fun .
One of my favorites of this young year and among the most unique features I 've seen from an American animation house in recent memory .
The movie is astonishing as a technical feat alone , proving you do n't need 3-D to make CG pop .
Wry , genial , and not at all interested in jumping on the bandwagon of flash-in-the-pan pop-cultural hipness , `` Rango '' holds an eclectic eye for finding beauty in the unusual .
From start to finish this is a wonderful and immensely creative animated film about a loser who arises to the challenges faced in a town without water .
There are hundreds of clever details and imaginative flourishes to make it worthy of being put into the same category as the films to which it so charmingly pays tribute .
It is Depp , however , who really nails this thing by simply blending in with all the other voice talent and characters and not reverting to the oversized Captain Jack Sparrow swagger .
Gore Verbinski has created a truly left field , oddball , hilarious film that again , like Toy Story 3 , proves animation is today 's most exciting cinema form .
A possible cult hit , it 's too self-indulgent to find a mass audience .
Verbinski has made an animated feature unlike any other on the current mainstream landscape : For a big-budget animated picture , Rango sure is an odd little varmint .
For a movie about finding one 's identity , Rango spends an awful lot of time searching for one of its own .
The film itself is a magically strange hybrid , a spoofy computer-animated Western acted out by anthropomorphic desert creatures .
It is not self-conscious knowingness that drives Rango but rather a quirky and sincere enthusiasm for all the strange stuff that has piled up in the filmmakers ' heads over the years .
Every other week , it seems there is some new creation full of fantastically realized creatures engaging in eye-tricking action . The ironic effect of this ... is a so-what-else-you-got state of jaded exhaustion . And then along comes Rango .
I 've made a good case for seeing `` Rango , '' and why not ; an eye feast is still a feast in this lean multiplex season .
Its strong suit is visual panache . It 's too bad that consistent comedy and emotional resonance get lost amid the dust and cacti .
Say what you will about ` Rango , ' the computer-animated Western riding hard on Johnny Depp doing the voice of a lizard - just do n't call it business as usual .
It 's Verbinski 's trust in the audience to get his jokes and pop-culture references that makes `` Rango '' such an engaging ride .
The film features some of the most astounding computer animation ever , and , thanks to a slew of terrific voice actors who are obviously having a great time , the film is wildly , weirdly amusing .
Sharp-edged , surreal , and often astonishing in its giddy creativity .
In a world choked with animated films -- the good , the bad and the ugly -- it 's hard to be either original or great . Yet director Gore Verbinski has done both -- and without 3-D ...
It 's an exuberant , audacious love letter to spaghetti westerns , masquerading as a kiddie cartoon . And it delivers deliciously on both levels .
What makes this unhinged , wildly self-conscious comedy-adventure more than a two-hour gimmick is an inspired vocal performance by Verbinski 's `` Pirates of the Caribbean '' star , Johnny Depp .
You know those animated films that have bits that the parents will enjoy ? Rango is mostly those bits .
Verbinski 's scored an offbeat oddity , a classic Western with surreal elements and references to films from `` Chinatown '' to `` Star Wars '' ... If only he 'd known when enough is enough ...
It does n't always work , but it does set itself resolutely apart from the pack , and if you look closely , you can spot the occasional moment of genius .
`` Rango '' is a highly watchable but somewhat frustrating mix of sloppy plotting , rascally attitude , and Big Action .
Ignoring the weak storyline entirely , Rango is a joyously weird experience , far more concerned with texture and flavor than with elaborate narrative .
Consistently plays like an adult movie in uncomfortably fitting family-friendly clothes .
Rango is the revitalising injection of new blood that animated cinema did n't know it needed .
absolutely wonderful
It loosens the shackles of a post-Pixar/post-Blue Sky animation landscape , where family entertainment must either be an emotional roller coaster or mindless slapstick .
An animated picture that can bear comparison to Pixar 's best ... In attitude and style it 's distinctive and witty , walking a fine line between respectful homage and spoof .
Does n't build to anything substantial , instead dragging along interminably while its sense of humor succumbs to heat exhaustion ... a gorgeous picture , but its soullessness wears down the viewing experience .
A neon-colored , sun-baked fantasia that 's part Western spoof and part surrealist jag through the desert with Johnny Depp as our theatrically unhinged , reptilian tour guide , Rango is anything but your standard kiddie animated flick .
If you have kids , aged five to 10 , they 'll have a rollicking good time , but anyone over that age might marvel at the look of the film , but after about 20 minutes , will be bored .
Well , visually Rango looks excellent . Then characters start talking .
It 's all technically brilliant , but maybe lacking a little in charm and true wit .
Rango never shuts up , but he never has anything funny or touching or clever to say .
I 'm honestly not sure whether or not it 's a good movie , but it does n't leave you much time to ponder that question .
`` Rango '' is some kind of a miracle : An animated comedy for smart moviegoers , wonderfully made , great to look at , wickedly satirical , and -LRB- gasp ! -RRB- filmed in glorious 2-D .
It coasts on strangeness only so long before the novelty wears off .
It 's a droll and invigorating alternative to the Disney and Dreamworks models . At the same time , you wish that Verbinski had a tighter grip on his storyline .
Rango turns out to be a master of adaptability and good will in the end , in fact , an educating and entertaining little ambassador for all with an addictive personality .
This digimated all-animal western borders on the inspired .
Neither Rango the mash-up movie nor Rango the lizard is particularly lovable . But there 's no denying the intrigue in its combination of the good , the bad , and the ugly .
Toplined by Johnny Depp , who 's in great form , Rango is a thematically witty , visually striking animated Western , a movie that could be enjoyed by younger and mature viewers in different ways .
There are some wonderful things in ` Rango ' : the dialogue is witty , the animation is dizzying and the action is stunningly choreographed .
Not many animated escapades aim to please such a broad audience . Even the poo jokes are sophisticated .
Visually inventive and enjoyably quirky ...
It 's refreshing to see an animated movie that does n't look as though the idea for the Happy Meal came first .
While Depp turns his bug-eyed reptile into a charismatic character , the plot gets lost in a maze of tangents and the story has too many tasteless jokes -- like a prostate gag -- that are not kid-friendly .
Perhaps a new classification has been born : the `` SpaghettiOs Western . ''
An animated homage to western movies-from classic to revisionist , old-fashioned to postmodern -- Rango plumbs existential depths and hits movie-lover highs .
-LSB- W -RSB- hat a -LSB- Coen Brothers ' -RSB- animated flick might look like and sound like , if they got an assist from Terry Giliam : this is a deeply weird and deeply demented movie , and thrillingly so .
Visually , so stunning and clever that you can almost forgive that , really , it 's not very funny . Incredibly artful - but its grasp of the art of comedy is unfortunately slight .
The most satisfying non-Pixar animated movie to emerge in some time .
So weird I ca n't believe they got to make this movie .
A terrific Saturday matinee for pretty much anyone .
A rollicking , surreal , and existential kids ' Western that worships at the altars of Sergio Leone , Hunter S. Thompson , and Chinatown , Rango drowns under the weight of discordant objectives and influences .
Rango is the most beautiful animated film since the golden age of hand-drawn cartoons . Shame that the movie has no heart beneath all that beauty , though .
Rango feels unhinged at its best moments , like anything might happen , and it 's liberating to see such talented people running so absolutely off the rails .
Johnny Depp is n't the sort of star to blend in , so it 's saying something that his turn as the world 's most conspicuous chameleon in Rango is so full-bodied , you forget the actor and focus on the character .
Madly clever animated sagebrush saga has style and wit to burn .
'' ... a fleet , quirky , computer-animated feature that I found ingenious , charming and almost entirely engaging . ''
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- The folks at Pixar should be worried . In conjunction with Industrial Light and Magic , director Gore Verbinski has created a gorgeously animated western that does n't need any stinking 3D effects to entertain or pump up its profit margin .
state-of-the-art animation collides with postmodern pastiche on a busy road along which wayside legend will always count for more than supposed progress .
This reteaming of Depp with his Pirates of the Caribbean director Gore Verbinski looks like a lock to emerge as the first genuine blockbuster of 2011 .
Western myths infuse with the story of a lizard facing an existential crisis . His name ? Rango .
It 's ultimately a pastiche-by-numbers and does n't live up to its full potential , but as a visual treat and one of Depp 's better vehicles of recent years , it delivers the basic goods .
Spoofs such kiddie favourites as Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas , the mystical writings of Carlos Castaneda , and Sergio Leone 's Dollars trilogy .




@highlight

Rango is a smart , giddily creative burst of beautifully animated entertainment , and Johnny Depp gives a colorful vocal performance as a household pet in an unfamiliar world .