Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi 's powerful yet soft-centred documentary about the Iraqi metal band Acrassicauda creates a fascinating portrait of life in Iraq as seen through the eyes of young metal-heads ...
Doc on Baghdad 's only heavy metal band provides fascinating insights into war-torn country .
Gives us a rough idea of how bloody awful it is to be living in Baghdad .
It feels like a spoof , yet this documentary , which follows the fortunes of a monumentally rubbish Iraqi band called Acrassicauda , is for real .
And so this low-budget film says more about Gulf War II than all of Hollywood 's efforts put together .
Watching the disintegration of Baghdad alongside the band members ' aspirations makes this an enlightening and impassioned account of the Middle Eastern crisis .
Heavy Metal in Baghdad is one of those sneaky documentaries that starts out a light-hearted look at a semi-serious subject , and then suddenly turns into something far more moving and profound .
Though they struggle to build a fan base , and end up seeking refuge in Syria , their dreams persist , still blazing fiercely at the close of this chastening and inspiring film .
This ill-starred four-piece are the heroes of a flawed , fascinating documentary , shot on digital video by two excitable gonzo-esque journalists from Vice magazine .
You mourn the wasted opportunities to explore a culture in which the ultimate rebellion is to copy America 's corporate rock .
Sprawling and unfocussed but still a fascinating window onto an unreported world .
The guerrilla-movie-making ethic of the directors is reflected in the band members , who sport goatees and speak excellent , hipster/metalhead-inflected American English .
The film 's at its strongest when Moretti and Alvi make it to Baghdad , but it suffers from a focusing too much on the music and not enough on the band 's circumstances .
Excellent documentary about the struggle of a heavy metal band to survive in Iraq .
frustrating but nearly impossible to forget
The low-budget movie 's technical qualities are n't always the best , but considering the conditions under which the filmmakers worked , it 's amazing that Heavy Metal in Baghdad was made at all .
The dangers these musicians experience every single day are bound to impact any audience . This is what it really looks like to bang your head against the wall .
More than just another Iraq-doc , Heavy Metal is a surprisingly up-close look at the toll of the war on young people , and how they still have dreams and still want to jam , party and get down .
An intrepid , unlikely and altogether splendid feat of D.I.Y. reportage .
The movie reclaims metal 's appeal to the powerless as well as its threat -- when you can get shot for wearing a Slipknot T-shirt -LRB- talk about `` Death , be not proud '' -RRB- ... raising those devil horns is n't an empty act of aggression .
Concentrating on the story of Acrassicauda , Iraq 's sole metal band , filmmakers Moretti and Alvi reveal the heart-wrenching circumstances for the people caught between the occupiers and the militias .
Pic 's chief drawback is onscreen narrator Suroosh Alvi -LRB- co-helming with Eddy Moretti -RRB- , whose fratboy glee at their ` crazy mission ' segues to such probing questions as , ` What 's the vibe now ? '
Whether you love or hate metal , Acrassicauda 's struggle to stay together -- and alive -- will rock you .
... Heavy Metal in Baghdad shows a sliver of the impact the war in Iraq has had on the regular people living there who simply long to have the freedoms we have here .

@highlight

Despite being a Gonzo-esque rockumentary following the fortunes of Iraq 's one and only heavy metal band , Acrassicauda , Heavy Metal is actually a moving and impassioned account of the middle-east crisis .