This is a very decent effort for a first-time director , but given the auteurist expectations created by Taylor-Wood 's track record in the art world , it 's hard to discern a distinctively personal take on the material , or indeed the medium .
Nowhere Boy ends up being a rather play-by-play biopic , saved by good performances and a great soundtrack .
Given Lennon 's wayward streak , Nowhere Boy is oddly safe and functional .
The acting all round is pretty good , but the story itself is given to a sense of drift , as if the film itself does n't know any better than Lennon what it wants .
Fascinating ... fills in a lot of blank spaces in the Beatles history we already knew .
It might not have what Beatles fans are expecting from a film about the young John Lennon , but it remains an interesting portrait of the early days of the future legend and is worth seeking out .
The content is there but the form is a Xerox copy of every celebrity coming-of-age tale you 've heard and seen before .
A passable drama , and might make a nice double feature with Backbeat .
Nowhere Boy succeeds because its creators never wallow in sanctimony , keep contrivances to a minimum and has a lead actor who evolves his character rather than imitates .
Tallied up , while there are a few flashes of decent writing and some solid acting from the supporting cast , ` Nowhere Boy ' lacks any cohesive tempo ...
... quickly decomposes into a well-made picture of the artist as a young man .
Nowhere Boy goes somewhere , but it 's not into art . Yoko Ono has okayed the movie , but I think John Lennon would sneer at it .
It cares more about the characters and their relationships than it does the factual or historical context of it all .
One of the more remarkable biopics to come along in a while , not in the least because it smacks of authenticity without too obviously trying to advertise the fact .
While it is a downer , it is also interesting and there is enough music in it to at least whet the appetite , if not satisfy one 's Beatle music craving .
Nowhere Boy proves the flesh-and-blood Lennon is infinitely more fascinating than the saint .
In this surprisingly conventional biopic , the unremarkable young John Lennon seems as likely to become Peter Noone or Gerry Marsden as the second coming of Elvis .
Watch for the emotion that manages to bubble up through that pasty , buttoned-up , stiff-upper-lip , postwar England .
There 's a whole lotta psychosexual stuff packed into Nowhere Boy , the tale of Lennon 's adolescence in Liverpool , which may or may not be true , but it sure makes for a smashing film .
Plays in no small way as a Life of St. John text , so awed by its subject that it refuses to actually grapple with him .
The real subjects -- and strengths -- in this narrowly focused biopic are the two women who , more than any one else , were responsible for molding the future star 's psyche .
... depicts the bittersweet birth of musical genius .
Handsomely composed minor-key effort
An interesting , entertaining film that opens new doors in understanding Lennon and the strange person he became , but ... this film is not about the music .
Taylor-Wood has specialized in video installations and off-kilter portraits , and it was tempting to hope that her take on Lennon would unsettle and provoke . Instead , she stays resolutely on-kilter , as if awed into numbness by her subject .
It succeeds as a moving story of a boy , expressively played by Aaron Johnson , whose life would have been interesting enough to justify a movie about it even if he 'd never gone on to be one of The Beatles .
As a broad-strokes account of Lennon 's complicated family dynamic , trouble-making youth , and first tentative steps toward rock stardom ... succeeds as both entertainment and a rumination on the roots of one man 's nascent artistry .
Nowhere Boy reveals the magnitude of the good women behind the grand icon .
The events chronicled are all longstanding Beatles legends , though director Sam Taylor-Wood manages to stage even the most portentous moments without making you feel a celestial choir is in order .
More love triangle than musical , the effective and often sweet Nowhere Boy offers a sense of the time and tension that produced John Lennon .
This portrait of a Beatle as a young man also gives filmmaker Sam Taylor-Wood , working on a thoughtful script by Matt Greenhalgh , creative room to manoeuvre , introducing us to John just as he and rock 'n' roll discover one another .
Whether you know a little or a lot -LRB- or even nothing -RRB- about John Lennon 's background , Nowhere Boy is a keeper .
Works as a conventionally satisfying docu-drama about the difficult teen years of a musical legend . If only it could have been as unconventional as Lennon was .
Were I a publicist , I 'd probably use the tagline , `` The year John Lennon became John Lennon . ''
Blessedly absent of all rock star-biopic piffle , this sharply made film deftly drops in hints and whispers of John Lennon 's future while visiting his tormented past .
Director Sam Taylor-Wood explores people living in and through music .
Nowhere Boy is a poignant reminder that before the world was at his command , John Lennon was a bit like you and me .
Although he does n't look much like Lennon , Johnson captures that essence perfectly ; the future icon is here a confused , hurt boy .
In the end , it barely matters that the Lennon we see would go on to become a gifted musician .
The movie succumbs to maudlin sentiment and melodrama that Lennon himself might have dismissed with one of his signature cutting remarks .
The story would not be very compelling if you replaced the character John Lennon with a character named John Smith .
Taylor-Wood captures the sounds and textures of Liverpool and Blackpool , where a new beat is playing in the cafes and clubs .
It relishes its myth-making enterprise without getting too cute about it .
Engaging if unsurprising .
If Mike Leigh made a movie about the birth of the Beatles , it might play a lot like Nowhere Boy -- and that 's a compliment .
A `` Portrait of the Artist '' as a smart-mouthed juvenile delinquent , `` Nowhere Boy '' bristles with Freudian tension in front of and behind the camera .
Director Sam Taylor-Wood weaves this tale with elegance , spot-on costumes and production design , and finely tuned casting .
It 's a frequently lovely film , and it 's played with real conviction . But it 's often flat and dull , and it can be heavy-handed ...
To watch Nowhere Boy is to appreciate anew both the anger that drove Lennon and the strength of character it took for him to overcome it .
The reason to see Nowhere Boy is the charismatic Johnson , who effortlessly nails Lennon 's strut , anger and sensitivity . Anybody seeing the movie could surely spot a star in the making .
A Great Man biography gone comically wrong .
Nowhere Boy is fully accessible for everyone , not just fans .
Taylor-Wood stresses the universals rather than the specifics of John 's youth . So do n't go expecting a Fab Four origin story . The word Beatles is never uttered . But do go .
As sympathetic and well-turned as it is , Nowhere Boy only gives us more mythology .
We reflect that even if all you need is love , that is n't always all you get .
Wisely resisting the urge to squeeze in billions of details , Nowhere Boy offers something most music biopics do n't : restraint and class .
You could pair this one with Coco Before Chanel in a series called Before They Were Interesting .
Illuminating as it might be for fans and disciples of Lennon , Sam Taylor-Wood 's bio-pic does get a bit corny ...
As the story of a young man struggling to find his own identity , Nowhere Boy would work even if its protagonist had n't grown up to change the world .
How could we hate or humiliate Lennon any more than he 'd been trained to hate and humiliate himself ?
At about a 95 minute run time , Nowhere Boy feels far longer and this is not a good thing .
Stunning psychological exposé by strong first-time director Taylor-Wood who understands the emotional stain that haunted John Lennon .
Does n't come across as the story of a man whose work many would adore long after his death , but the story of a kid who just happened to let his guitar strumming drown out his own whine .
Three riveting performances anchor this engrossing ... story of Lennon?s youth before -LSB- the -RSB- Beatles ... even before the teen is seen writing his first song with McCartney .
An informative , unexpectedly emotional glimpse into the formative experiences of an eventual icon .
The story of Lennon 's early years is dramatic and painful enough to survive an imperfect retelling , even if you 're already familiar with the stations of the cross .
Johnson does a terrific job of capturing Lennon 's mannerisms without coming across like a puppet .
Johnson sounds like Lennon in snatches and has charisma to spare . Where the project staged a coup was in the casting of the two most influential women of John?s early life .
Compelling , mature portrait of a musician as a young man .
Aaron Johnson may not be Lennon , but he?s entirely persuasive as someone who could have grown up to become him . It?s a striking pre-incarnation .
It 's a pleasant-enough creation story to revisit , one weighted down by melodrama and lifted up by some rocking tunes .
Nowhere Boy gets John 's teen years in Liverpool exactly right , and first-time director Sam Taylor-Wood has made an excellent choice in casting Aaron Johnson .
Well-crafted and acted -LRB- especially by Aaron Johnson -RRB- , it hits the biographical notes but misses its subject?s soul .
Nowhere Boy is smart enough not to spell it all out . You can hear it in Lennon 's music , which plays in your head as the movie works its subtle magic .
A wonderfully done , poignant and surprisingly fun film that makes you understand and appreciate John Lennon as a man and an artist , warts and all .
The creative process is almost audible in a silent moment when John turns an adoring gaze on the curvaceous body of his first guitar .
charts the young musician 's ascension from Elvis-worshiping schoolboy to the brainchild behind the Quarrymen to , finally , the lead singer of an unnamed band created with chums Paul McCartney and George Harrison
Nowhere Boy is modest in scope and more rewarding for it , highlighted by particularly strong performances by Thomas and Johnson , and a keen sense of time and place .
Occasionally energetic , but primarily frantic , Boy appears more fascinated with melodrama than investigation , mashing down Lennon?s surprisingly complex adolescence into a flavorless paste .
Although this is a film about the influential women in Lennon 's life , it succeeds equally in its evocation of the family Lennon built among his boyhood mates .
The power of Nowhere Boy is that , as directed by Sam Taylor-Wood , it captures how John Lennon 's deeply sordid family life toyed with his soul by not letting him know who he was .
Nowhere Boy makes Lennon 's rocky personal journey parallel the cultural upheaval of rock 'n' roll -- a revolution that changed social custom , family life and private instinct .
Places a huge burden on -LSB- Aaron -RSB- Johnson , who has to play an icon in his pre-icon days while holding down the center of a family drama about a boy with abandonment issues .
If only the script had been content to stick with its let 's - start-a-band verve .
Nowhere Boy exists only for the same reason that Googling ` celebrity high school photos ' will yield over 35 million results -- there is , in modern society , a deep and abiding obsession with famous people .
Taylor-Woods debut feature is a rote coming-of-age tableau that churns through stations of anger , inspiration , reconciliation , McCartney , and Harrison .
In contrast to so many other salutes to the Beatles and their legacy , this intimate drama focuses on John Lennon 's turbulent teenage years , not just referencing , but explaining so much of what , later , showed up in his music .
` Nowhere Boy ' is one of the best films of the year .
Poignant and perceptive , it delves into the pop psychology behind Lennon 's lyrics , ` Mother , you had me , but I never had you . '
Moviegoers who do n't care about The Beatles may skip it and miss out on a subtle coming-of-age drama that stands on its own merits , notably Aaron Johnson 's evocation of Lennon as an angry young man .
We see glimmers of the rock-star-to-be , thanks to the sly exuberance of Johnson 's performance ... if the character was n't Lennon , would anyone be interested ? Hard to imagine .
Explores in a winning way the familial strife and other forces which helped forge the creative genius of John Lennon .
Aaron Johnson gives a solid portrayal of the rock 'n' roll legend even if he does n't manage to expand on the character beyond the scripted page .
Kristin Scott Thomas is my early favorite for the Best Supporting Actress Oscar
Not a Beatles movie and not really a music movie either ; it 's more of a combination of a coming-of-age story and a family drama and the mixture works perfectly .
More a reasonably absorbing domestic drama than a biopic of young John Lennon .
-LSB- S -RSB- omewhat touching , but since we go into this exercise with full awareness of Lennon 's future , dramatic tension is nowhere to be found .
We may go because it 's the story of John Lennon , but we care because it 's an emotionally honest and human story .
This is not a biopic in the mould of Walk The Line or Ray ; it is the story of a troubled childhood and a determined and strong-minded young man who uses his love of music to overcome a bitter and uncomfortable domestic past .
A barren soap opera of a film that puts more emphasis on Lennon 's mood swings than what made his music so great .
Rather than a rock 'n' roll biopic , this is a classic British family melodrama , anchored by one of the subtlest , richest roles in Kristin Scott Thomas ' impressive career .
And though this biopic is as tidy as a three minute pop song , when we see him look back one last time as he leaves Aunt Mimi 's for Hamburg and all that would come after , the music god is just a little more human .
An authentic , overdue biopic that explains Lennon 's torment and fire .
UK video artist turned filmmaker Sam Taylor Wood and Control screenwriter Matt Greenhalgh have delivered a vividly entertaining film .
Mercifully , it resists the temptation to fill the canvas with symbols of what was to come for The Beatles .
Anchored by a strong central turn , Nowhere Boy crafts entertaining , small-scale drama out of Lennon 's huge-sized legend . It just lacks the spark and ambition of its subject .
Rather than dwelling on the unique circumstances that produced a musical genius , it 's an affecting movie about coming of age and leaving home , and about the radical changes in British life since the Second World War .
Aaron Johnson captures something of Lennon 's cruel wit and cockiness , but there 's not much inner life to him , which is partly Taylor-Wood 's choice in ducking away from a more artful or probing portrait .
Taylor-Wood has opted for a natural realism , free of arty flourishes - a style as sensible and conservative as Aunt Mimi . She is happy to provide a canvas on which her talented cast can shine , and they do .
There are brief moments when Nowhere Boy takes your breath away , when the frisson of future knowledge sends a shiver down the spine . But they 're outweighed by the melodrama and the politesse of this disappointingly toothless biopic .
Ignore the Lennon and Beatles intrigue in Nowhere Boy and the story does n't carry much inspiration . The end result is a dreary , slight biopic -LRB- just 97 mins -RRB- that leaves you thinking , ` Is that it ? '
Balancing emotive drama , pop history and evocative period piece , the film is undeniably engrossing and an illuminating addition to the Beatles mythology .
Scott Thomas and Duff are both phenomenal as they fight over the young boy .
There 's certainly the material there for a challenging coming-of-age drama , but Nowhere Boy is no more than a typical celebrity biopic , the kind you might see on BBC4 , without any of the flair you might hope for from Taylor-Wood and Greenhalgh .
There is style and subtlety in this film and it makes me look forward to what Sam Taylor Wood does next .
Everyone in this entire production does brilliantly .
-LSB- A -RSB- moving , emotionally direct biopic .
Setting a cracking pace , Nowhere Boy is a joyful journey into the power of personality , the finding of friends and the start of an amazing life , and to top it off , is one of the best films of the year to boot .
A gratifying music biopic that is surprisingly humble in its treatment of John Lennon
It is with fascination , curiosity and almost as voyeurs that we engage with the young , enigmatic Lennon as he battles against the odds , the establishment and himself in a bid to find his own direction .
What differentiates this story is how it dovetails into the life of John Lennon that begins as this film ends .
Taylor-Wood and screenwriter Matt Greenhalgh mostly play it safe , offering an accessible period piece , free of nostalgia and full of key and credible emotional flashpoints .
Hardly a cold turkey , but not a -LRB- Number 9 -RRB- Dream of a biopic either .
While Nowhere Boy is not the most daring or experimental piece of work you 'll see , it is warm , involving and very human .
A handsome film made with real flair .
It 's a confident debut to be appreciated by cineastes , laymen and Lennonites alike .
No surprises in this account of the troubled pre-Beatles adolescence of John Lennon , but sharp scripting and a pair of outstanding performances lift it out of routine biopic territory .
Nowhere Boy delivers a definitive account of Lennon 's pain-wracked adolescence .
Nowhere Boy does offer insights into what made The Beatles great , and it 's an unpretentious , well-paced first feature .
While revealing almost nothing new about Lennon , and sticking rigidly to biopic conventions , it 's just about worth catching thanks to Scott Thomas , who 's spot-on as the arch but affectionate guardian .
The late teenage years of John Lennon , put through the biopic wringer by screenwriter Matt Greenhalgh , come out as flat and lifeless as yesterday 's `` We Love the Beatles '' T-shirt .
This study of a boy damaged by loss yet determined to honour his talent strikes a mighty chord , and marks a hugely promising feature debut .
Kristin Scott-Thomas and Anne-Marie Duff are both brilliant and Aaron Johnson convincingly captures the sarcasm and raw emotions of Lennon in a film that is both hugely enjoyable and moving .
Nowhere Boy is a hugely enjoyable , emotionally engaging and superbly acted biopic that marks Sam Taylor-Wood out as a director to watch .
This beautifully written and directed biopic has a strong ring of truth to it , mainly due to Taylor-Wood 's artistic approach to filmmaking . It also features extremely complex characters and a remarkably vivid collection of events .
If this turgid biopic of the young John Lennon was a musical instrument , it would be an untuned , one-string guitar .
Taylor-Wood , known predominantly as a photographer and video artist , has made a loving , intimate rendering of a snippet of a life .
The power of these two relationships on John Lennon is beautifully depicted , as is the connection between the young Paul McCartney and Lennon . It 's almost as if the film is bringing to visual life Lennon 's lyrics , ` Mother , you had me , but I never had you .
Visual artist Sam Taylor-Wood casts aside her moody conceptual art and directs a lively , insightful and slightly nostalgic look at the drama of John Lennon 's formative years and his relationship with the two women who brought him up .
There is something a bit bland , a bit kitchen sink , a bit telemovie , about this portrait of the artist as a young man .
Nowhere Boy has just about enough music and biographical detail to appeal to Lennon and Beatles fans but it 's far more intimate than the typical rock star biopic .
Nowhere Boy has striking emotional depth , a spot-on sense of period , and a central performance of remarkable texture and nuance from newcomer Aaron Johnson .


@highlight

Do n't expect any musical insights , but this look at John Lennon 's early life benefits from its restrained , low-key approach and some fine acting from Aaron Johnson .