Coupled with Frank 's borderline sociopathic ` survival of the fittest ' philosophy and his son Rhys Wakefield 's bland sulkiness , there 's not one likeable character to care about when things go wrong .
I could n't wait for these people to drown .
While Sanctum is n't a great film , it 's enjoyable for the thrilling element .
The strong special effects ca n't overcome the story 's sour focus on pain and hopelessness .
Mixed in with flat characters and tense action is an incredible 3D visual component - which is where Cameron 's involvement in the project is most apparent .
It 's a continuing clash between laughably poor acting and ultra-serious brow-furrowing that renders Sanctum unintentionally hilarious , thereby deflating it completely .
The film 's lack of a decent story , character development , and performances , as well as its emotional hollowness , make it not worth the time in any format .
Its downfall is its cliché-riddled and fusty script .
Often feels like James Cameron just playing around with some very expensive bathtub toys -- and treading water until his Avatar sequel comes out next year .
Seriously , you 'll find yourself more emotionally and viscerally involved by sticking some Lego men in a water filled blender and watching them go round and round .
The tension is difficult to be felt with such flat characters .
... a well-intentioned yet utterly misguided underwater thriller .
Lacks the Titanic appeal of a James Cameron `` event '' movie
The script is pretty lackluster .
Too bad this film , executive produced by Cameron , is rated R for profanity and gruesome makeup effects . I 'm betting it 's every 13-year-old 's dream escape .
You 'll care about as much as you do when someone gets torn apart in a Saw sequel .
Despite its three-dimensional imagery , the film remains resolutely two-dimensional .
A great survival action movie where none of the cast should 've been allowed to talk . The script is cliched . Roxburgh is essentially playing Bob Hawke underwater while Ioan Gruffud is inexplicably channeling De Niro .
Despite the millions clearly poured into it , the film feels cheap and amateurish . See it on IMAX if you wish , but the flaws will only look bigger .
Its flaws are initially off-putting , but stick with it and Sanctum does do a good job of establishing tension and comes with some well-staged set pieces .
For the best part , the actors shut their mouths and the story becomes far more action based .
Saying that Messrs. Garvin and Wight have tin ears for dialogue is an insult to tin ears everywhere .
Director Alister Grierson nicely juggles the requirements of confined space adventure with the movie 's somewhat more pedestrian human drama . No need for a 3-D presentation , though .
`` Sanctum '' is a soggy mess of a movie .
Suffocatingly bad .
... made better by 3D , but there 's not one character in the film that inspires any sympathy .
... everybody , including director Alister Grierson , does their middling best ...
A brawny adventure-disaster film notable for its reliance on dangerous practical effects and stuntwork rather than CGI .
I liked it . I 'm glad I saw it . I would never recommend it to another soul .
Sanctum would have worked well as one of those novelty 3D eye-candy shorts , but I did n't care about any of the thinly drawn characters or anything that happened to them .
Despite the lapses in dialogue , what never flagged was the magnificence of the photography and in the end , it is those breathtaking images the left the deepest impression .
-LSB- S -RSB- urely the worst thing James Cameron has dared waft his fortune close to .
Sanctum not as deep as it should be .
The 3D cinematography is occasionally impressive , but in most other respects Australian made cave-diving adventure Sanctum is a disappointingly hackneyed genre outing .
James Cameron only produced this loser . Those expecting `` Avatar '' and `` Titanic '' moments will be sorely disappointed .
And of course it 's in 3-D to add an extra element of submerged vertigo and simply because they can .
The action does n't quite conjure up the claustrophobic intensity you expect but the father-son-storyline is sufficiently muscular .
It 's ruthless , claustrophobic and rather less fun than the 1959 version of Journey to the Centre of the Earth .
For a more gripping James Cameron underwater adventure , I advise you to Netflix The Abyss . For a more terrifying cave movie , add The Descent to your queue .
Undergirding the cheesy dramatics here is an intense , fiercely technical adventure movie , one obsessed with the unpleasant realities of being trapped in a waterlogged cave .
A film of modest ambition that mostly lives up to the low bar it sets for itself .
Exciting visions of a watery ` other-world ' wonder from Cameron ... turn into a lengthy cave-exploring/father-son-hugging tedium .
Technically proficient , dramatically deficient adventure .
The strong 3D visuals create a suffocating sense claustrophobia that makes you feel like you 're locked in a closet at the DMV . But the characters are cardboard creations and the writing is less engrossing than faded cave drawings .
This could have been a great survival epic , but instead it 's just a mediocre piece of eye-candy .
stiff and ridden with clichés , with cheese-ish motifs overwhelmed by swelling , overwrought music cues that forge straight ahead and settle firmly into the land of cheese itself
Stale , unimpressive and possessed of a laughably terrible script that should never have made it past the treatment stage . Even chanting producer James Cameron 's name over and over , as in Sanctum 's TV spots , ca n't summon a better movie .
Thrill-less , contrived albeit visually stunning adventure with laughably stilted dialogue and characters so devoid of life that you 'll end up rooting for mother nature .
`` Sanctum '' should be an intensely claustrophobic adventure movie ; it 's not .
James Cameron produced `` Sanctum '' to create a similar experience to `` Avatar . '' But where as the world of Pandora benefitted from the immersive qualities of Imax 3-D , `` Sanctum '' only occasionally uses the screen 's size properly .
Sanctum ? Dang near killed 'em .
The characters are one-dimensional , the acting is bad and the dialogue is composed of ham-fisted one-liners spoken VERY , VERY LOUDLY .
Sometimes the sets look like , well , Styrofoam . So do the actors .
We tick off the seconds until another hazardous situation arrives with utter dependability .
In between the scary parts , we are subjected to a veritable Bartlett 's of hackneyed dialogue .
The best thing about `` Sanctum '' is the `` Avatar '' - like immersive 3-D imagery , shot with Cameron 's Fusion Camera System . The rest of it is shockingly mediocre .
You want to see a character explored and forged by being trapped between rocks ? Go see 127 Hours . You want a scary cave thriller ? Rent 2005 's The Descent , the movie by which all cave-thrillers are to be measured . Of course , that movie had monsters .
A few cool cave shots do not a movie make . The acting is atrocious . The script is worse .
Shallow adventure movie about deep caves .
Stick that camera down an aquatic cave , wrap a paper-thin plot around it , slap the whole thing up on an IMAX screen and call it a movie . More truth in advertising : Call it a lame movie .
A 3-D thriller that misses the mark thanks to a mediocre screenplay and undeveloped characters .
After a sluggish half hour , this well-crafted adventure kicks into high gear and never lets up .
Pity about the characters : the script gives them little in the way of individuality . Down there , and up-close , you need more than archetypes . Still , a tense and spectacular film .
There 's just water , water everywhere - and no one stops to think .
Workmanlike suspenser , with plenty of cold water but sparse chills . When it comes to James Cameron scuba thrillers , The Abyss still has the edge .
I have never seen a movie where 3D is so pointless .
If the 3D is passable and there are some moments of tension , Sanctum has big problems .
There 's a good story buried within it but it would have been better had any of the leading characters not been made of cardboard .
The actors lack believability and smart moviegoers could write each scene before it happens .
Silly , soggy but certainly suspenseful , Sanctum is a B-movie pick-me-up .
James Cameron may be the king of the cinematic world , but plastering his name all over the trailers and posters promoting this film does n't change one obvious thing about it : It stinks .
Released over Super Bowl weekend , it makes perfect sense that Sanctum is horrid . What studio expects anyone to go to the theater on Sunday ?
You are never going to get me into a cave . Good things never happen in caves . Only bad things .
Without more compelling figures to identify with , we stop being survivors-by-proxy and turn into virtual tourists .
As exciting as a rainy fishing trip with your two uncles who have been bickering since adolescence and manage to ruin everyone 's Christmas every single year .
Aside from the cast of archetypes and the dash of confusion generated by some less than smooth editing during the film 's crisis scenes , Sanctum is fairly entertaining .
If you feel ' 127 Hours ' would 've been a better film if James Franco had had five or six other people down in the cave with him to bicker with , ` Sanctum ' is the movie for you .
For scene after scene , in defiance of all intellectualism , I sat there thinking : Holy Crap , what would I do ?
While it approaches its life-or-death dilemmas with an entirely straight face , the sense of peril is undone at nearly every turn by paint-by-numbers characterizations and cringe-worthy lines of dialogue .
They say Sanctum was inspired by true events . I can only hope the people in the true event died so they avoid the torture of seeing their story portrayed this way on screen .
Visually worth a look but lacking real depth .
Two underwater experts wrote the script for the adventure film `` Sanctum , '' and as screenwriters , they make excellent divers .
If you 're able to think of characters as just air bubbles to get past , then dive in , the excitement 's fine .
`` Sanctum '' is a movie that tries to make you feel that there 's this cool thing going on that everybody knows about except you .
`` Sanctum '' turns out to be as gripping as plankton .
Soaking , slippery , subterranean mid-winter diversion , distinguished primarily by its memorably stunning visuals .
This might sound like a line from a movie review on The Onion , but : I would have thought `` executive produced by James Cameron '' meant something .
Sanctum is a harrowing survival yarn whose stock characters and formulaic plot are alleviated by sequences of agonizing claustrophobia .
Falls somewhere between the disaster genre and the horror genre ... but it 's not campy enough for the former , and not scary enough for the latter .
The stunningly beautiful cave scenes are breathtakingly realistic ... The plot and characters , not so much .
It wants to be an adventure film and a drama , but only succeeds with one . Which one 's the winner ? Here 's a hint ; if Sanctum were a silent film , it 'd be quite good .
Can a motion picture overcome a lousy script if it is an otherwise effective , technically proficient piece of filmmaking ? Sanctum sure-footedly answers this question in the affirmative .
You ca n't just play mad libs with the terms `` James Cameron , '' `` underwater , '' and `` 3-D , '' and expect automatic Titanic .
Is this visual murk really worth paying more for ? It feels as if we 're watching the whole movie underwater .
The director Alister Grierson , not grasping that bad dialogue is sometimes best delivered quietly , encourages his actors to shout and thrash about , and so they do , like fish out of water and performers out of their depth .
Sanctum aims for a kind of stern-jawed , gobsmacking action adventure , but gets hopelessly tangled in its own silliness and ineptitude instead .
Forget 127 Hours : `` Sanctum '' makes sawing off your own arm look like a minor penalty for the crime of spelunking while clueless .
While certain sequences ca n't help but bristle with tension , overall director Alister Grierson stages everything in as straightforward and as perfunctory a manner as possible , draining the suspense out of scenes that should be overflowing with it .
Actually being stuck in a remote waterlogged grotto might be more tolerable than enduring this disaster of an adventure movie .
No film in recent memory has been so strenuously at war with itself , although for me , a self-confessed sucker for the IMAX brand of eye candy , the images narrowly-as well as widely-carry the day .
The thrill and wonder wears off quickly , with the story becoming repetitive and the sappy father-son bonding between the two main characters ringing false .
Never have I seen 3D used so poorly .
Making state-of-the-art 3D drama out of a one-dimensional script might have seemed like a canny proposition to Sanctum 's producers , but the film fails to deliver - no matter how many ways you look at it .
Enjoyable disaster-thriller with impressive special effects , spectacular scenery , thrilling set pieces and a strong cast , though the characters are clichéd and the dialogue is pure cheese .
It 's a reasonable film , unpretentious in its way .
For much of the film , and despite groan-worthy dialogue that often takes you right out of the picture , you 'll likely be holding your breath in genuine suspense .
SANCTUM is a soggy , shouty bit of fun .
Unfortunately , the script is so horrible and the characters so distinctly unlikable , we are rarely as connected to the action as we really should be .
If not for the by-the-numbers script , a slim collection of underdeveloped characters and generally flat acting , the film could have had a real punch .
With ace underwater photography and scuba-diving stunt doubles , Sanctum does n't stint on action .
What we get are three-dimensional caves and two-dimensional characters .
Inoffensive but extremely and earnestly dull .
The casualties pile up in this moderately engaging 3-D adventure about a cave-diving team trapped underground and struggling to survive .
The action scenes are sometimes horrifying enough to make you gasp aloud . If only the rest of the film were similarly breathtaking .
The movie 's characters , alas , are thinly drawn and tend to lose dimension and credibility as the story unfolds .
While Sanctum is frustratingly familiar , it 's easy to get caught up in the action .
One-dimensional characters try to stay ahead of the water rapidly filling a vast , unmapped cave in this survival drama produced by James Cameron .
There 's no real story here , just a series of gruesome yet weirdly casual deaths , taking place in what looks like the inside of a very big stomach .
A horror movie without a visible monster , a deep dive into shallow characters who bray at one another in a harsh English-based dialect I 'm told is Australian .
Lacking plot and witty dialogue , this deserves a ` fresh ' strictly for its photography .
The rambling , staggering story line toggles clumsily between depictions of natural disasters and human error and/or treachery without ever hitting anything like a stride ...
Producer James Cameron 's fondness for the deep , dark fissures in both man and nature takes a serious hit with this messy , atrociously written , and unevenly acted descent into a subterranean adventure .
There 's something about an effective `` man versus nature '' film that gets the blood pumping .
It 's true that great visuals , or a great story , or deeply unself-conscious acting can be enough to make us look past awkward dialogue . But Sanctum is skimpy on those attributes .
A lean , clear-headed 3-D thriller that knows exactly where it 's headed from the moment its adrenaline junkie explorers dive into the world 's biggest cave in Papua New Guinea .
Here and there an image of spectral beauty , assisted by the 3-D technology , floats into view and captures our imagination . But the script , which really should 've been called `` Sanctimonium , '' has a serious case of the bends .
It 's the locations , eerie sets , special effects and marine photography that count here , and all are impressively spectacular .
When it is n't killing off its characters one by one during a cave-diving expedition gone wrong , `` Sanctum '' resembles a Hemingway short story without the story part . Or an episode of `` Flipper '' without the dolphin .
Sanctum is Neil Marshall 's The Descent without the albino cannibals running around eating the cast
`` Sanctum '' tells the story of a terrifying adventure in an incompetent way .
Another movie where 3-D seems to stand for Dark , Dumb and Dreadfully acted .
Looks to engage the audience through dramatic cliché , leaving a nifty premise to wither while lifeless actors spout rotten dialogue and an unimaginative director stages substandard action set pieces .
This cave-diving thriller has a lot going for it , thanks to a strong cast and high production values . But the script fails to make anything of the premise .
The underwater cinematography , shot with 3D cameras Grierson spent six-plus years developing , is particularly stunning . But the film 's script clearly did n't receive as much care and attention as its equipment .
Even the added visual dimension , thankfully used more for spatial recognition than splashing at us , ca n't compensate for impersonalized characters stuck under rocks . 127 Hours this ai n't .
In scuba gear , no one can hear you scream
There 's plenty of atmosphere and awe , even if it 's in the service of a story that starts rote and finds its sea legs only when half the divers have sunk their bones to Davy Jones .
Sanctum is an accomplished survival thriller with a genuine emotional core that takes both character drama and visual spectacle seriously .
Visually stunning and the 3D is fantastic . Easy to see twice to understand all the tech stuff .
At least we now know that in a subterranean hell we can still get Bad Acting Heaven .
Under such circumstances , the actors ca n't wholly be blamed for awkward line readings -- but Roxburgh 's gruff , tough mutterings are as ludicrous as Wakefield 's nasal efforts to sound deep and meaningful .
Its predictability is sufficiently offset by the sheer scale and vividness of the subterranean spectacle unleashed here
Soggy theatrics render this gorgeously-shot underwater 3D excursion more shrill than thrilling .
Cardboard characters , laughable dialogue and performances that would n't pass muster on syndicated television .
-LSB- E -RSB- xtreme people in extreme danger in an extreme place . In 3D ! The good kind of 3D ... And both Ioan Gruffudd and Richard Roxburgh take their shirts off . What , you need Shakespeare , too , on top of all that ?
Given the wafer-thin characterizations and half-hearted performances , Sanctum barely musters even a blip of existential dread .
Ultimately it is impossible to lose yourself in the stunning 3D cinematography when you are constantly fighting back the urge to tell the characters to shut up .
As the trapped explorers die off one by one and we do n't care , a current Oscar nominated tale of survival in tight spaces comes to mind . But in terms of everything making such a movie intensely satisfying , Sanctum is only 63 1/2 Hours .
A certain dryness permeates the atmosphere of the underwater caves .
Really bad acting set against often-stunning cave-wall backdrops and underwater action sequences . Naturally , James Cameron is the executive producer .
The whole thing works best if you are mildly claustrophobic , since the divers frequently have to force themselves and their gear through appallingly tight spaces with no guarantee that things are going to be much brighter on the other side .
A subterranean survival epic that expertly tightens the screws even as one wishes it would keep a tighter mouth-clamp on its increasingly whiny characters .
This survival actioner would have been more enjoyable if James Cameron , our expert of underwater adventures , made it , but the tale is sharply uneven , burdened by a slender and meandering plot and charcaters that are not particularly engaging .
Predictable . But the chills and thrills work , and it is gorgeous to look at .
Even in this dim light , one can see every plot development coming a mile off .
Documentary filmmaker turned writer Andrew Wight is unable to convert his own real-life experiences of being trapped by flood waters into the emotional depth of other survival movies like The Descent , Buried and 127 Hours .
Hampered by some truly embarrassing dialogue , delivered in the cheesiest way possible ...
Subterranean thriller buries plot , unlikable characters and tension .
Despite having characters as shallow as its caves are bottomless and a plot as predictable as 127 Hours , this suspenseful actioner delivers seat-edge thrills in accomplished goggle-vision .
Sanctum shows us just how exciting cave diving can be in moderation , and just how mind-numblingly dull it is after 109 endlessly watery minutes .
A case of a movie that tries to do too much , without realizing what its real strengths are .
Clunky dialogue and wooden performances do not mar Sanctum from becoming the immersive 3D experience it inspires to be .
At times Sanctum is surprisingly ambitious and refreshingly smart and despite all its flaws , an entertaining yarn .
Suffocating , nerve-fraying and deeply uncomfortable to watch . Just not in the ways intended .
It 's not really a plot . But the stunts are so well done , the dramatic loss of life so effectively and emotionally presented that we ca n't really quibble
If you can get past the cringingly clunky opening act , then the thrills and spills of Sanctum make for well crafted popcorn entertainment .

@highlight

Sanctum is beautifully photographed , and it makes better use of 3-D technology than most , but that does n't make up for its ham-handed script and lifeless cast .