It makes the most of its on-the-field drama , but it tends toward gross generalizations and oversentimentality . ... As a result , the film is burdened with hokiness .
The movie also has its heart in the right place and it is as earnest as it can be . It simply falls short of being a great movie .
At times The Express could n't decide whether it was telling a story of racial tensions , a general inspirational sports film or the tragic biography of Ernie Davis
The Express is running on two rails at the same time . There 's sentiment , which is true . And there 's sentimentality , which is not . At its best , The Express is a moving tribute ; at its worst , it 's conventional manipulation .
While there 's nothing remarkable about the way director Gary Fleder has brought The Express to the screen , this is a solid film that does justice to Davis ' legacy .
While never as trailblazing as its subject , The Express is a worthy addition to the lengthy canon of sports biopics .
The sports-movie template is capable of absorbing any story and delivering the same uplift .
A fine example of the form . Cliched and sentimental it might be , but in the case of The Express , these criticisms almost count as plus points .
Full of stirring speeches and manly chins quivering with emotion , every frame is a cliché .
Gary Fleder 's sporting drama has its heart in the right place but , sheesh , that title grows more ironic with each crawling minute .
A tidal wave of corn syrup hardly mars this old-style , populist entertainment .
Fact-based or fictional , no genre sticks to the playbook more rigidly than the sports drama . Creditable addition to the canon though it is , The Express does not buck the trend .
Steams ahead with express-train determination , scooping on to its cow-catcher any cinemagoer hoping he can outrun yet another true-life drama about black sportsmen overcoming bygone bigotry .
The screenplay is stewed in such pieties , served up as warm and homely as apple pie - only there 's no taste to it .
A game of three halves , this jogs well into at least 30 minutes of extra time , while the screenplay so oozes with earnestness you 'll be wiping the inspiration off your face .
Entertaining drama biopic that marshals its collection of sports biopic cliches to winning effect , aided by superb performances from Dennis Quaid and Rob Brown .
No film that 's 129 minutes long should be called The Express - how about The Sleeper To Oblivion ?
There 's nothing daring in the least about The Express , which , like most real-life sports stories co-opted by Hollywood , strips the achievements of any individuality or historical worth and renders them all part of the same gumbo of sticky cliches .
Rob Brown did a nice job .
Football fan or not , definitely be sure to see it .
It 's hamstrung by both underdeveloped plot strands and overdeveloped visual style , but it still works in its own way , plowing through potential criticisms much like its titular gridiron hero plowed through tacklers .
I suspect Ernie Davis really was an interesting person . He certainly led an interesting life . That 's all the more reason for being disappointed in The Express , as it reduces him and his accomplishments to mere plot points .
The film does the job , in its conventional way . But it 's geared to throw the prime screen time in the direction of the guy playing the guy coaching the guy who 's supposed to be running the movie .
Despite appealing performances and kinetic football scenes , the storytelling is mostly conventional , except for two outstanding set pieces .
Quaid delivers one of the most stirring half-time speeches in movie history .
I already get ESPN Classic at home , and I do n't need it recreated for me at the theater , thanks .
Even if you already knew the facts , you wo n't be able to help but reflect in awe at how much progress in the fight against discrimination has been made on a societal level .
Tries to be another ` Brian 's Song ' but does n't quite make it
The Express sprints through cliches with its powerful story of a player and his coach .
The Express may prove valuable to movie historians since it 's a compendium of virtually every sports movie cliché ever contrived .
Despite its flaws , at least The Express does its best to honor this groundbreaking player 's memory .
If the best thing said about a football movie , oddly enough , is that it can be entertaining for anyone who could care less about sports , then this is a solid touchdown . Skeptical couch potatoes take heart , a knowledge of the game is rarely required .
The Express plays it big and safe and conventional , but really , that just means everybody 's going to like it .
A fine addition to the recent genre of socially-conscious sports flicks highlighting individual feats for the collective meaning of those historic triumphs to the masses of black folks in search of civil rights .
Exciting football games to watch , a lead character we can root for ... I wish it were about 20 minutes shorter , though .
With the stock market going through fits of manic depression , this movie serves as an inspirational distraction .
` The Express ' adopts a conservative game plan , running right up the middle on every play , stubbornly refusing to take chances and try the unexpected .
Is -LSB- the significance -RSB- for Davis to set a precedent as the first African-American Heissman Trophy winner ? I mean , honestly , are they going to make a biopic about Halle Berry and Denzel Washington 's Oscar wins ?
The Express knows what made the man great . It just has difficulty embodying that greatness itself .
The dilemma of movies ... about sports heroes that also make statements on social injustice is that they have to do a fair number of scenes involving sports .
Quaid and Brown are completely credible . We may know where things are going , but they do n't , and they 're feeling their way into a modern world ...
... patently dishonest about a few things .
Consider that a virtue in a movie content to teach familiar messages without overstating them .
There 's a reason Hollywood keeps making versions of this movie : They work .
No matter what the very capable actors do to shake up the characters , they stubbornly remain types .
The player , coach and even the wise grandfather figure played by Charles S. Dutton have at least one more dimension than the typical sports-movie stereotypes .
Performances help hold the movie together -- Brown is solid , Quaid 's natural charm takes the edge off Schwartzwalder 's recalcitrance , and Omar Benson Miller chips in another charming supporting turn as Davis ' best friend .
Maybe the real Ernie Davis really was this perfect , but the movie plays as if the filmmakers did n't want to offend his family .
A far more intelligent movie than the ads might make it seem .
Just because something has been done before does n't mean it ca n't be done again , and well . ` The Express ' is formula-driven entertainment of an uncommonly high order .
As a sports non-fan , my definition of a good sports film is one that my dad and I both enjoy . The Express has the goods .
Sadly , however , this is all too familiar , which is something nobody could say about the real Ernie Davis .
Packages a real-life story of athletic triumph and social progress into an accessible , rousing melodrama that is no less potent for being almost entirely predictable .
The movie might be a bit more interesting if Davis had more to him than simply graceful gumption and victimhood , and if the spaces around him could be filled with something .
When it should be scrambling for inches , The Express keeps lobbing emotional Hail Mary passes .
At times stirring , inspiring and thoughtful .
I just wish so much of it did n't feel like high-gloss paint-by-numbers , and as good as some of the dramatics get the over-familiarity of it all ca n't help but dilute the emotional payoffs to the point of insignificance .
It will make you care even if you do n't like sports .
While The Express has too many bits and pieces of other sports movies in its mix to stand out , it does break the template in the last act .
The Express plays for our sympathy -- and wins .
It 's tough , admittedly , to sum up someone 's life in just two hours , and even tougher when that person is as genuinely impressive as Ernie Davis . Unfortunately , this movie tries to cram it all in .
The Express is a somewhat ordinary movie about an extraordinary life .
The Express delivers visceral gridiron energy . Fleder and his crew capture the moments so many athletes refer to as ` being in the zone . '
Davis is played winningly , without a single false note , by Rob Brown . His coach , the irascible but decent Ben Schwartzwalder , is brought home beautifully by Dennis Quaid , who has quietly become one of America 's finest actors .
... predictable but inspiring ...
Director Gary Fleder does an end run around the genre 's cliches , and cinematographer Kramer Morgenthau plays with desaturated color and highlights for a rich period feel .
Aside from managing to get made at all , the movie does n't do Davis 's legacy any favors by giving us the store-brand version of his life .
Rob Brown brings off the most difficult task . As Davis , he crafts a persuasive performance of that unusual figure in movies : a genuinely good man .
That rare sports film that is n't afraid to dabble in personal and social ambiguity .
In The Express the football field is a place where people of very diverse backgrounds are forced to work together for a common goal and what happens on the field proves to have broader implications .
Like a biography plucked from the shelf of a grade-school library ... includes ample inspiration and sufficient history to get to its destination in `` express '' fashion .
Audiences of all ages already are cheering `` Express , '' the newest sports movie that provides not only a biography of Ernie Davis but also a look at how the color barrier was broken on the football field .
Extremely old fashioned and one dimensional
I always ask myself why they keep making these inspirational movies , but for some reason , The Express worked perfectly .
Looking for a safe investment in this wildly sliding economy ? Well , do n't bother flipping to the ROB because here 's a tip you can take to the bank : Buy shares in the Cliché Factory .
A cinematic touchdown .
We may never see an original sports movie ever again . The last truly original sports movie was Rudy , because it was never a story about winning % u2014 it was a story about heart . The Express shares a lot of Rudy 's DNA .
What could have been a blindly reverent biopic , and/or a tediously respectable prestige picture , instead at least tries to deal with the issues it raises , and tries to do so with with some subtlety and grace .
It 's your basic uplifting sports story about the underdog who fights against the odds and triumphs .
The Express in nothing more than a less successful Brian 's Song set in the days of Jim Crow and unconscionable white supremacy .
If he is a little too glowingly perfect , a little too heroic , it adds to the mythic feeling of the story .
Inventing a Hollywood racist agenda where it did n't exist , because this concentrates on Ernie Davis the football player , it does n't know the man , and that 's the better story .
Too much synthetic spotlessness to score a real and grimy touchdown of credibility and inspiration .
The pacing is off , which makes Express feel longer than it actually is .
A smartly updated old-fashioned espionage thriller .
The Express eventually reaches its triumph-of-the-human-spirit climax , but it yanks too hard on the heart strings during the long journey there .
The Express finesses a cinematic hat trick : It 's entertaining , deeply moving and genuinely important .
Just about good enough to be the 40th best episode of Friday Night Lights . Which has aired 39 episodes .
A Cliffs ' Notes version of Ernie Davis ' life that turns everything he worked for into a Hallmark card .
-LSB- Fleder 's -RSB- directorial bungling puts a terrible burden on the appealing cast .
The Express raises the following rhetorical question : Was Davis ' life really that by-the-numbers bland or have the filmmakers airbrushed out all the prickly , complicated details ?
Wo n't make you feel much , because you 've already felt it the same way , in the same manner from other stories that got there first with more charisma .
A sturdy sports flick about the legendary Ernie Davis who was the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy .
Express nails the pulse of Davis 's life just right , incorporating his confidence , leadership , and exasperation into an engrossing , if not exactly groundbreaking , feature film .
The Express is involving and inspiring in the way a good movie about sports almost always is .
The Express tells the true story of college-football star Ernie Davis . It 's such a naturally compelling tale that one wonders why it has n't been filmed before .
An uplifting -- and poignant -- tale ... but it 's told ... in very broad strokes that make their point as obviously as any TV movie would .
Accomplishes what it sets out to do . It chronicles Davis ' trials and triumphs well enough . But still , it leaves you wondering what was going on inside the helmet .
-LSB- Ernie Davis ' -RSB- story is one all young athletes -LRB- and some hotdogging , grandstanding professional players -RRB- can learn from .
a crowd-pleasing civil rights drama made all the more potent because it wraps its uplifting story in the trappings of a sports movie .
Davis deserves to be remembered , but as professionally crafted as The Express is , the movie is an almost instantly forgettable version of his life .
Occasionally engrossing but overlong biopic of late-1950s college football star Ernie Davis , the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy .
Inspirational true-life sports films seem to be a dime a dozen , but when they 're good , they 're worth their weight in gold .
Has Dennis Quaid really never played a college football coach before ? With his handsome , craggy face and likable intensity , he was born for the job .
While Ernie 's on-field accomplishments were extraordinary , it was the environment in which he struggled to achieve them that makes him the worthy subject of a motion picture .
We 're not asking for another Brian 's Song , but does Davis 's tale have to seem like a rehash of Remember the Titans ?
Based on a Davis biography , Gary Fleder 's account is a noble attempt at humanizing the myth , but it succumbs to the worst sorts of sports-movie clichés .
Combines and surpasses both genres by virtue of its honest-to-gosh goodness .
Everything is literally and figuratively black and white in The Express .
In the past few years , we have seen lots of football films , and this is by far the best . I might even be so bold to say that this is the greatest football movie of all time .
Rob Brown 's performance in the title role is solid and static , but Dennis Quaid 's portrayal of coach Ben Schwartzwalder provides a convincing metaphor for a nation going through a crisis of conscience .
Dennis Quaid scores an emotional touchdown in this sturdy , factual football drama .






@highlight

This inspirational sports biopic set in the the civil rights era is interesting even for non-football fans , and features a great performance by Dennis Quaid as tough-but-fair football coach .