It is a beauty . It blitzes all the phoniness , pretentiousness and political correctness around today , savages icons of popular and national culture , gives the finger to religious untouchables like Mother Theresa , and brought the house down .
Arcand 's own script is delightfully fluid , his direction poised .
Despite an uneven cast , Arcand finds a tonal balance between sentimental and cynical that keeps the conversations real and heart wrenching .
`` The Barbarian Invasions '' is an intriguing meditation on the inevitable fall of ideologies under the pressure of nature 's laws .
Humour , whether darkly observant or skilfully witty , twines through the film like a confidently creeping ivy , growing out of the characters quite naturally .
The film may be more of a sad commentary on the human condition than traditionally sad in the manner Arcand intended .
A full-bodied , funny and gloriously unpretentious ode to family , friendship and the meaning of life .
So many fascinating ideas are raised here that Arcand 's decision to explore them within the context of a self-satisfied soap is disappointing .
Both the comedy and the weepy moments tend towards the trite , but the film is directed and performed with such brio and manipulative skill that one eventually succumbs to its somewhat dubious charms .
The film 's emotional ending is deeply felt and powerful , examining the pain and the humor of life without pathos or melodrama . As such , the film resonates and lingers .
... an almost documentary truth to the performances , a un-movieish consistency of tone that makes it easy to forget that we 're watching actors .
... jerkily paced , dramatically obvious , and seems penned by a self-serious 16-year-old
The occasion is death , but the movie is a joyous celebration of life .
You get to experience the sentiment without drowning in it ; and you get a sharp-edged ideological exploration of living -LRB- and dying -RRB- in modern times .
Its most poignant observation is that these barbarians , being our own sons and daughters , are already well within the gates
Es con extraordinaria sutileza que el canadiense Denys Arcand nos va metiendo en - y haciendo parte de - los últimos días del protagonista de esta película .
At a time when theaters are full of explosions , revenge scenarios and over-the-top sadism , it 's a blessed relief just to find a movie that 's about ideas and forgiveness .
A nicely balanced blend of sentiment and acrid wit .
Arcand gives us a wonderful portrait of real people forced to reconcile their pasts against a certain future and rejoicing in what once was and can continue to be ...
The movie is brutally funny and ironic about the way this corrupt world is manipulated by the cynical Sébastien .
Sébastien , Nathalie and the film 's other secondary characters are neat , shaded creations ably played . But unfortunately , this is n't their movie .
Life , liberty , and the pursuit of loose women ; it 's wonderful to be dying in Montreal .
And underwhelming is any film that uses footage of the attack on the World Trade Center for one of its few emotional jolts .
The intentions aim for the highbrow , but the execution is rather trivial , simplistic , dull , pretentious .
Arcand 's screenplay is bold and feisty ; his film is witty and acerbic at times , yet long-winded and blustery at others .
The spirited talks are the heart of the movie .
Its vicious satire and ambivalent final images leave a bitter aftertaste to ensure that its message of cautious optimism , though sweet , never becomes too cloying .
A sharp-witted delight .
Scathingly funny and movingly elegaic .
Covers familiar movie-of-the-week territory ... but the acting and writing are sharp enough to transcend such limitations ...
Like an alchemist , Arcand has transformed a film of ideas into an emotional experience .
The performances are first-rate , especially from Girard . Arcand 's direction is heartfelt and artful .
Arcand finds the heart of the matter in every scene and in each monologue .
By the time Arcand reaches his final scenes , he has revealed one generation 's regrets and disappointments and broken through the other 's brittle defenses , achieving a resolution that thoughtful viewers of all ages should find profoundly moving .
Ultimately a gracious , even sweet-natured film , optimistic almost despite itself .
... The speeches are so deadening , I thought the projectionist had slipped in the last reel of a John Sayles picture .
Terribly long-winded and uninspiring .
Even if you never saw ` Decline of the American Empire , ' you can feel the ` Big Chill ' vibe running through these fascinating characters .
One of those rare movie sequels that 's actually better than its predecessor .
Intelligent , thought-provoking , frequently moving film with a strong script and an impressive ensemble cast .
Arcand 's intelligent and witty script is the film 's strongest attribute .
Warm , wise and witty .
Taking themes and ideas from Kurosawa 's `` Ikuru '' and Kasdan 's `` The Big Chill '' -LRB- to name a few -RRB- , director Denys Arcand still manages to make this film his own .
Touching on the themes that affect us all in the twilight of one man 's life , Arcand has created a moving portrait of the world we live in and his struggle against it .
Arcand avoids the temptation of turning the story into a tear-jerker .
Sweet and poignant ; perceptive and true .
If there 's anything less appealing than movies about gradual death , it 's movies where various characters ' dialogue is spent espousing a filmmaker 's philosophy .
Beautifully-written followup to writer-director Denys Arcand 's earlier film , `` The Decline of the American Empire . '' It offers insight into life , death and relationships .
-LSB- I -RSB- felt it was trying to do too much with what looked increasingly like a fantasy premise .
represents an artistic ideal of how we 'd all like to end things
Like an encounter with Remy the man , Barbarian Invasions is an emotional , infuriating journey that 's ultimately worth taking .
I think before this filmmaker casts his barbarian stones , he should look at himself .
Arcand 's fluid camera weaves through the hallways and casually surveys the characters ' faces , remaining unobtrusive but visually alive .
Its personal and intimate moments are profound ; they transcend cultural boundaries with the capacity to touch anyone .
Will please relationship junkies .
Arcand dearly likes his characters , but here 's another movie cancer death nearly devoid of mess and stress , with available heroin and a lovably comforting sunset .
If you have n't seen the original , which , if memory serves , was billed as ` The Big Chill with a doctorate , ' no worries . Arcand 's follow-up stands alone as a universal story of generational reconciliation .
A sophisticated take on what has become a familiar situation in movies and television -- the hippie , lefty , baby boomer parents and the conservative generation their mores and behavior have produced .
Basically , it 's The Big Chill , but more full of itself and not as entertaining .
Finds a grace that pulls us in even though its focus is a man who is cantankerously self-deluded , obstinately blind and smug about his past transgressions .
Smart , if surprisingly sentimental .
Arcand loyalists are bound to miss Rémy , but at least he goes out in style . Even the antagonists will have to admit that .
Admirable in its refusal to be politically correct .
A movie that , in the story of one man dying , shows us all how to live .
As fondly remembered as -LSB- The Bill Chill and The Decline of the American Empire -RSB- are , Arcand 's Barbarian Invasions surpasses them both .
The treatment of the subject is n't maudlin , thanks to a witty script and an enormously likable lead character .
It 's quite depressing to find that these self-absorbed people have n't really changed , that they still pontificate about their left-leaning politics , still offer unsolicited advice , still brag about their sex lives and still have a superior edge .
A lively , funny , touching film .
A film about one death that is fully vibrant with both life and love .
While it would seem like an unlikely candidate for a sequel , The Barbarian Invasions at least revives its talky debates over the things that matter : politics , literature , love , friendship and , of course , sex .
Although I had a mixed reaction to the movie , I recommend it for its willingness to acknowledge mortality and for Arcand 's grace as a filmmaker .
Fun to watch .
The Barbarian Invasions is manipulative without apology , and we want it to be .
The Barbarian Invasions flirts with shallow pieties and glib wisdom , but in the end it dives into the deepest part of the pool .
In spite of their differences , father and son finally become close
A savvy look at generation gaps and parental disappointment , and the often-wide chasm that separates pragmatism and ideology .
A film that effortlessly makes you laugh with delight , cringe with pain and weep for life 's inevitable end .
It may seem counter intuitive to insist that a film about illness , death , and aging is delightful , but that is the effect of The Barbarian Invasions .
If your tears flow -LRB- which they assuredly will -RRB- , they will be cathartic tears , tears as much of joy and affirmation as of sadness .
A poignant and thoughtful depiction of the need for forgiveness and reconciliation .
-LSB- A -RSB- masterpiece .
Arcand does a fantastic job of establishing these folks to the point where we really feel like we know them ...
Pungently funny and heartfelt .
French-Canadian director Denys Arcand revisits the aging intellectuals from The Decline of the American Empire -- and they might be interesting , if they 'd ever shut up .
Croze 's award-winning performance is impressive : bruised , vulnerable , but still spirited as she as unwillingly as Sebastian moves back into her mother 's orbit .
One of the most intelligent and articulate entertainments of the year from any country .
The film is enchantingly photographed , but emotionally devoid , which is odd , considering the subject matter .
There are some pluses to Barbarian Invasion , ... with a gruffly touching performance as the family patriarch by Remy Girard
A film with a sense of joy and wonder as it celebrates our existence , while reminding us of some of the human traits ... which keep us from enjoying life as much as we should .
The film will be best enjoyed by fans eager to spend another 90 minutes with a group of old friends .
Encourages us to examine our own humanity , and to laugh and cry along with some familiar reprobates who are all too human , and all the more loveable for it .
If secular humanism were an actual religion , The Barbarian Invasions would be recognized as a religious masterpiece .
A deeply felt celebration of the life force .
There is a lot to ponder , a lot to feel , in this elegiac film .
A lament for lost ideals , a fantasy of the good death , a rant against the evils of the modern besieged age -- Quebec director Denys Arcand 's latest film can be seen as all these things at once .
Visually ` The Barbarian Invasions ' has a nice surface , but the more one listens to it the more ephemeral and inconsequential it becomes .
Schmaltzy and contrived .
Death has no sting here .
As a family drama , the film succeeds with the sort of bitter humor we look to the French to deliver .
A bittersweet family story with a great deal of warmth and humor .
it 's refreshing to hear talk about great thinkers , good books , and the dreams of men .
`` The history of mankind is a history of horrors , '' says Remy in one of his pontificating moods . So , we gather , is the history of this family .
Despite a slight tendency to be overly pleased with itself , this is a smart piece of work that got Arcand 's screenplay an award at Cannes .
-LSB- A -RSB- surprisingly moving film .
A bit too neat and calculated to make the emotions ring really true .
The banter ... is thick enough to rake -- and often way too thick to swallow , even for those who might not mind spending a couple hours with a bunch of baby boomers wasting their time by sorting through wasted time in the past .
-LSB- A -RSB- deep and marvelously humane film .
a sentimental homage to a big , broad life that rarely turns mawkish
I kept wondering how Arcand could have chosen as his generational representative a man not just flawed in his hedonism but one so fundamentally lacking in tenderness for others .
The dramatic tangle of family in The Barbarian Invasions is reduced to a bizarre cartoon of name-dropping , smug banter , and straggling sex-rev nostalgia .
In the end , our tears are because we identify with these characters , not because the script has inelegantly manipulated our emotions .
For all its intellectual maneuvering , the film never regains the simple power of its opening salvo .
The characters ' endless conversations , which range from health care to Mao to heroin , are never less than engaging , and Arcand 's obvious affection for all his characters , deserving or not , proves contagious .
Moves you to laughter and tears without cheating to do it .
Swarming with ideas , the film never turns schematic or hectoring .
Witty interchanges hit satirical targets .
There are no false , sentimental or maudlin turns here .
The Barbarian Invasion works better as comedy than as drama , its ultimate impact marred by sentimentality .
It 's hard not to be won over by The Barbarian Invasions ' enormous generosity of spirit and the sense that one of the country 's best filmmakers is again firing on most , if not all , cylinders .
Um daqueles raros exemplares que não alimentam apenas a mente , mas também o coração .
One feels awestruck by Arcand 's accomplishment : starkly aware of life 's beauty , its fragility , and the undeniable truth that friends , lovers , and family are what makes us who we are .
A bracing Canadian comedy about all those bothersome forces that unsettle our lives along with those surprising blessings which open our hearts unexpectedly .
What makes The Barbarian Invasions much more than a facile exercise in generational conflict is that Denys Arcand , who wrote and directed it , has a sense of history that is as acute as it is playful .
Privileged audiences that swooned for Decline of the American Empire should expect more of the same oh-so-witty jibber-jabber and specious political `` noise '' exchanged between Arcand 's motley intellectuals .
Besides being a witty look at life , death and relationships , this is also a startlingly insightful examination of civilisation .
The only thing that separates Invasions from vile tripe like Stepmom and Sweet November is the language its mawkish characters spew .
While this film is awash in talk , providing an outlet for the gamut of filmmaker Arcand 's heavy thoughts and ideas , its essential emotional container stays miraculously afloat and reaches its destination .
Stilted yet emotionally successful
A welcomed return to form for Denys Arcand , his best film in more than a decade .
An eloquent , achingly reflective taking of stock .



@highlight

A moving and heart-felt film from director Denys Arcand .