An action-packed historical Irish thriller .
Fifty Dead Men Walking is a largely uninvolving crime thriller that fails to do justice to the intriguing story of an informant within the IRA .
A ` war on terror ' thriller set in Ireland ? Surprisingly , it works .
Despite trying a little too hard to be cool and edgy , this is nevertheless an entertaining thriller with a decent twist .
One of the more absorbing and riveting portraits of The Troubles since 1993 's In the Name of the Father .
Although the ranks of great IRA films are swelling rapidly this combination of political history and mystery suspense masterwork is one of the best .
Jim Sturgess makes a believable cocky lad who signs on for the con ; an oddly bewigged Ben Kingsley is fussier and too actorly as his handler .
Conventional modes of representation hamper Fifty Dead Men Walking and its look at a subject that demands a fresher point of view .
A viscerally intense , gripping and character-driven thriller filled with pulse-pounding action , strong performances and stylish , gritty cinematography .
Skogland is a crisp and efficient storyteller . She keeps the players vivid and relatively honest , and never shies away from the brutalities .
Move over Donnie Brasco . Fifty Dead Men Walking is going to put Jim Sturgess , best known for crooning in Across the Universe , on the acting map .
Sturgess is solid and Kingsley predictably sneaky , but the atmosphere -- scurries through the Catholic/Protestant border , tense stand-offs , spontaneous riots -- is what 's genuinely gripping .
Suspenseful thriller about divided loyalties and tensions of a double agent in his own home , informing on those he has known since childhood , but without political context .
A streamlined , adrenalized thriller that is not as deep as it would like to appear , treads a retrospective political tightrope .
An action packed adventure that grows more suspenseful with each sequence .
Impressively compact in its storytelling and visually sumptuous despite a budget of pocket-change proportions .
This is gritty storytelling where violence is a way of life and confrontation between Catholics and Protestants and police a daily occurrence .
Fifty Dead Men Walking provides another example of what happens when mediocre moviemaking meets an interesting life .
What makes Fifty Dead Men work is the story 's sheer moral complexity , which dares viewers to sympathize with anyone onscreen for more than a few minutes at a time .
... the filmmakers never really make us buy that this man was so averse to violence he was willing to sell out his friends - for profit mind you - to help save the British . And yet the film really works as a political thriller .
executes with appropriate energy , poignancy , and just the right balance of tension
In this film , Skogland , as Kathryn Bigelow does in The Hurt Locker , demolishes the notion that women ca n't direct action .
God forbid anything even slightly suspenseful or significant should happen without revved-up '80s Irish rock blasting over the soundtrack .
Gruesome scenes or torture and murder bring home the political climate once prominent in Northern Ireland .
Unlike the political espionages of Carol Reed and Mankiewicz , the helmer takes a more detached approach and tries to do too much , resulting in sporadically engaging thriller but the story is gripping and Sturgess gives a dominant breakthrough performance
Proves how easy it is to shamelessly bilk audiences of their empathy with an `` inspired by true events '' credit .
Docu-like film based on exploits of an actual Belfast hood turned informer against IRA terrorists is an explosive cinematic experience .
The user-used/player-pawn/Fergus-Marty relationship is what counts here , braced by Kingsley and Sturgess in a consideration of conscience in wartime .
This explosive genre-buster about Ireland 's '80s era `` troubles , '' centered in the town of Belfast , drills down deep into the true story of controversial IRA figure Martin McGartland -LRB- brilliantly played by Jim Sturges -RRB- who worked as an undercover `` tout '' for
It 's the chemistry-fueled give-and-take between Sturgess and Kingsley that gives Fifty Dead Men Walking its soul .
It 's a pretty fine film , thanks largely to the performances -LRB- and look -RRB- of its crackerjack cast , as well as Jonathan Freeman 's restless , gritty cinematography and a lickety-split script .
The movie , shot it Ireland , has a gritty , documentary feel and a sharp , dramatic pulse that never really falters .
You should watch this film for the standout performance of Jim Sturgess .
Solid but uneven , it 's made watchable by the leading man 's performance .
Sturgess is superb as the double-dealer , nailing the Ulster accent and conveying the self-disgust behind McGartland 's cocky front ; Kingsley too gives good value in one of his less showy roles .
It is Jim Sturgess who dominates with a charismatic performance that creates an empathy with McGartland as he journeys from arrogant hustler to vulnerable IRA insider crushed by the impossible demands of his double life .
It is Sturgess who dominates the film , though , showing us how an ordinary man can get involved in the messy , heartless business of informing , seemingly unaware of what might eventually transpire .
The harrowing true story of a man caught in an impossible situation , this film gives intriguing insight into the Troubles in Northern Ireland . But as a movie , it 's a bit hard to grab onto .
The star here is Jim Sturgess as McGartland , generating sympathy , realism and likeability in very difficult situations . A must-see .
McGartland 's work saved 50 lives , hence the title . Nowhere is mentioned how many lives he lost . The director 's claim that he does not take sides has to be questioned .
Think Donnie Brasco , with the IRA instead of the Mafia . Jim Sturgess dominates with a star-making turn , although some stylistic slip-ups let him down a little .
Its lack of political nous and cinematic ambition makes it seem small on the big screen .
This is an appalling scenario for a film that unspools with the ghastly enthusiasm of a Hollywood thriller . But Sturgess 's performance as the feckless hero is absolutely stunning .
A well-meaning and inadvertently timely attempt to tackle the Troubles , whose thriller-toned accessibility occasionally trips over cine-clichés . Meanwhile , a confident , complex Sturgess makes his strongest impression yet .
Nothing new is said but everything said is shouted , as if to convince us that yesterday 's headlines are still today 's hot news .
The tension occasionally grips but the brutal torture scenes ensure it 's unlikely to pull in a wide audience .
Despite a strong performance from Sturgess , Fifty Dead Men Walking is ultimately let down by a lack of tension , an uneven script and the shocking miscasting of Rose McGowan .
Fifty Dead Men Walking is gripping , tense , nicely shot-and much more watchable than the `` other '' IRA movie Hunger .
Well-acted and visually engaging , the film asks more questions than it answers .



@highlight

Though somewhat uneven in places , Fifty Dead Men Walking is a gripping portrayal of Ireland 's violent history , carried by the strong performances of its lead actors .