An unusual and compelling documentary featuring eight thinkers musing on philosophical matters as they walk in creative places .
For those interested in seeing philosophers on the screen , this engaging movie offers the opportunity to see eight of them walking the streets .
The ones that work , Cornel West and Peter Singer for example , are intriguing and compelling but they do n't all hang together so effortlessly .
You ca n't help but feel that director Astra Taylor fails at her own challenge of making an academic subject come truly alive as cinema .
A fascinating introduction to the big issues in modern philosophy , presented with a pleasantly light touch .
Never dull , but it will make your head hurt .
Each of the half-dozen or so thinkers gets around 20 minutes to maunder on - simultaneously not long enough and far too long . Frustratingly , no subject is investigated in depth , and the glibness is dull .
This is an addictive and stimulating experience all round .
Eccentric but always accessible , Taylor 's boff-doc avoids the idiosyncrasy that her work has previously exhibited . In bringing philosophy into the real world , Examined Life is at once illuminating and intellectually stimulating .
A film that can haunt you for the rest of your life .
Although a sporadically stimulating and thoroughly challenging exercise , Examined Life too often feels like a forum for brainy big-thinkers ' annoying penchant for being as inscrutable as possible .
Taylor 's stimulating film , enlivened by creative location shooting , will surely find an appreciative audience among highbrow cinephiles .
Director-writer Astra Taylor wisely avoids turning this talk fest into a talking heads fest by filming these effusive intellectuals in a variety of visually diverting , real-world environments .
Yes , examining philosophy for the greater effect it can have is admiral but it seems to get lost as the film jumps from one personality to another .
There 's plenty of food for thought here , though the movie is more a buffet than a meal .
To -LSB- director Astra -RSB- Taylor 's credit it 's as inviting and accessible as a smart conversation with fascinating friends .
She gives eight thinkers 10 minutes each to unload on tough topics like the meaning of life and right and wrong and comes up mostly with a lot of platitudes about treating other people nice .
Watching `` Examined Life '' is sort of like sitting on a plane next to a total stranger who insists on making conversation . Except this is that one time out of 100 when the stranger turns out to be a completely fascinating person .
Illuminating , even moving .
In Examined Life , a lively assembly of philosophers ponder the question : `` What 's at stake here ? ''
Endlessly thought-provoking at every turn , this iconoclastic documentary offers the opportunity for a transcendental experience amounting to this critic 's most satisfying cinematic experience of 2009 thus far .
Taylor introduces a degree of playfulness and unpredictability that becomes the movie 's M.O.
Philosophy as a film subject does n't usually sell many tickets , but hopefully Examined Life will be the exception . This penetrating documentary covers some of the more original thinking of the last several years through interviews with engaging pro
A mostly provocative and enlightening documentary with plenty of food for thought
Part of the fun of Examined Life comes from watching these very intelligent thinkers try to make themselves intelligible .
The viewer basks in the intelligence on-screen and , occasionally , soaks up the rays .
In bringing philosophy to the street , the director unwittingly points up the disconnect between the academic inclination to think critically and the apparent indifference of the masses .
Whatever you think of the interviewees -LRB- I confess to being immune to Zizek 's charms -RRB- , this is brilliant film-making .
A hugely successful and provocative attempt at elevating the tone of public discussion , and inviting some great minds along to help smooth the bumpy ride ahead of us all in 2009 .
Examined Life feeds your head relatively painlessly .
A mere taste of these big and radical notions , all of them life-changing at full dosage levels , seems like a bit of a tease .





@highlight

With Examined Life , Director Astra Taylor has turned a seemingly weighty subject into a fascinating documentary .