Vikander , last seen in Ex Machina , perfectly embodies all of these complex traits without allowing the performance to disintegrate into mere histrionics .
Grim but not unwatchably so .
With expert cinematography and the help of Vikander 's powerful physical expressiveness , he -LRB- Kent -RRB- manages to paint a much-needed picture of women during wartime . Even better , it 's not all pretty .
Coolly directed by James Kent , the movie 's anchored by the grave , delicately featured Vikander who 's able to convey youthful romanticism without ever seeming childish .
Nimbly tip toes around potential schmaltz , but still delivers the expected quota of emotion .
An exquisite piece of work that shimmers with authentic emotion .
It 's very nicely , if a little safely made , and gives you a compelling sense of how blithely an entire generation was squandered .
The actors are all extremely fine , with special credit extending not just to Vikander but to Colin Morgan in wonderfully open-hearted form as a fellow member of an all-but-lost generation .
As this is a film about a witness bearer , it does well to capitalize on Vikander 's perpetually observant eyes , which convey tenderness , intelligence , shock , incomprehension , comprehension , resiliency , and finally wisdom .
This incredibly emotional film looks at one young woman who saw both her brother and fiancé volunteer to fight in the trenches .
There 's much here that 's impressive and affecting , with Vikander portraying Vera as a complex mixture of fiery individualist , swoony romantic and crushed innocent .
Kent seems to mistake Brittain 's metaphysical substance for girlish sentimentality , and if this movie had starred someone like Keira Knightley in the lead , it might have been unwatchable .
The Bible says ` Blessed are the peacemakers ' -LRB- Matthew 5:9 -RRB- but many more monuments have been built to honor soldiers and generals than to honor those who fought just as bravely and hard for peace . At least this film honors one of them .
Beneath all that genre eye candy , though , resides a smart and moving story that , after a somewhat slow-moving first hour , builds nicely to become an emotionally engaging drama .
Vikander , who is Swedish , is a vibrant heroine and believable as an English girl with a force of conscience , intelligence and purpose .
Testament of Youth is an exquisitely composed portrayal of the despair and futility of World War I as seen from the rarely revealed viewpoint of an idealistic young woman .
Testament of Youth is a woman 's vision of war , which is one we 've rarely seen .
Do n't expect to come away from this beautiful and impactful film unshaken .
Testament of Youth ... is a powerful story of the lunacy of war and its devastating consequences , but also one that refuses to dwell in despair and seeks to impart a message of hope - no matter how futile that dream has become .
While the end result will feel quite familiar to most viewers , it is both the steely intent and acute sensitivity Vikander isolates in her role that leaves a fresh mark in the memory .
This is no dusty history piece or judgmental look back at the past but a fresh , immediate , personal testimony that speaks across the ages .
It 's a great character sketch , but it 's not character-driven . It 's war-driven , and that may be its main point .
Vikander 's soulful performance brings -LSB- Vera Brittain 's -RSB- anguish and determination alive .
Testament of Youth is an interior design spread masquerading as biography , nothing but a dainty and decorative pose of noble suffering , and it moves at roughly the pace of a waking death .
So dull , so respectable , so full of nice touches and pretty things -- Testament of Youth seems like just the kind of film the real Vera Brittain would have no patience for .
I was engaged , but most definitely not swept away . That said , Testament of Youth is well-intentioned and achingly sincere . It 's message is powerful and clearly stated . And it 's well-acted .
-LSB- A -RSB- feeling of oppressive sadness , of colossal waste on the battlefields of France and the Low Countries , lifts `` Testament of Youth '' above the ranks of generically touching war movies .
Alicia Vikander is sublime .
There 's no better time than the centenary of `` The War to End All Wars '' to commemorate its bloody folly . It 's a shame that `` Testament of Youth '' does both in such a bloodless way .
Somehow , Vikander sells it all , not with braying and big gestures , but with vulnerability , sincerity and the sort of ethereal realness that ca n't be quantified . More , please , more .
And as good as it is , it is n't anything more than what one would expect from a BBC television offering . We 've seen this sort of thing before .
Though the movie at times feels oddly unfinished -LRB- you wonder what Miranda Richardson , in a tiny role as an Oxford professor , is there for -RRB- , it 's artful and moving .
As a story , it evokes a word that no battlefield nurse would ever apply to her experiences : sterile .
Testament of Youth is n't a typical biopic ; it 's a heartfelt manual on forging ahead .
A lush , curiously decorous adaptation of the memoir by Vera Brittain ... its very conventionality and tactfulness undermine its power .
The film has an extraordinary way of capturing emotional minutiae while still indulging a grandly cinematic understanding of human connection in its most instinctual form .
Takes a more challenging route to its female protagonist .
Heart-wrenching WWI drama has heavy content , strong heroine .
Even in this grisly place , Testament is strangely and effectively lyrical .
In what is a well-acted but fairly typical prestige period drama , it 's Vikander 's nuanced performance as the resolute but still-vulnerable Vera who gives the film its depth .
Testament of Youth keeps its touch light ; there 's a kind of inevitability to Vera 's circumstances that must have rankled her even as it made her path clear . And that path is grimly fascinating .
This is Vikander 's film and she is very good here .
Early sections waste energy on the protagonist 's Austen-lite flirtation with fiancé Roland -LRB- Kit Harington -RRB- , a non-starter despite scenes of awkward chivalry amidst wilting petals and linens fluttering in the breeze .
While the film suffers from being too by-the-books , its emotional center and message about the needless nature of suffering and war helps keep it afloat .
Admirable , anti-war memoir , concluding with a powerfully persuasive pacifist plea .
Testament of Youth is equal parts love and languor , blood and British history . And yet , one ca n't shake the all too aristocratic , snooty , and self-serious theatrics of something that comes off like a prep school 's fall play .
Just once , it would be refreshing to see Britain look like something other than a country-living catalogue .
Testament of Youth remains a beautiful expression of Vera Brittain 's resonant message against the senseless loss of life .
Vera Brittain 's celebrated memoir of the British home front in World War I gets a polished Masterpiece Theatre treatment that fails to diminish the story 's wrenching emotional content .
It looks and sounds right , but feels wrong . Or at least , not enough .
In World War I , a generation learned that war was not the answer . In World War II , another generation learned that pacifism was not the answer . It would seem that there just is n't an answer .
This is World War I from a woman 's point of view , a different perspective than we usually see . It 's the story of someone who does n't fight ... but for whom the horrors of war are just as vivid and devastating .
-LSB- Vikander 's -RSB- performance is a subtle tour de force of feeling and restraint , made all the more remarkable by the whiplash highs and lows of this true but melodramatic tale .
Seeks poetry , does n't find it .
Tough-minded and sometimes harrowing .
Vikander gives a fine performance as the strong-willed Brittain ... but it 's a shame her inspirational , true-life story has been boiled down to Downton-esque melodrama .
-LSB- Vera -RSB- eases a young man into death masquerading as his German sweetheart . It 's an incredibly moving scene and among the most powerful anti-war messages to flicker across a screen .
Mournful , very fine ...
Brittain 's autobiographical story of substance is a timely reminder of the hard choices made when going to war .
As Vera , the rebellious , moneyed young woman whose dream of graduating from Oxford is deferred when the war breaks out , Alicia Vikander is such a ferociously intuitive performer that you ca n't take your eyes off her .
An intimate epic , `` Testament of Youth '' has great historical sweep yet remains focused on the human vicissitudes experienced by Vera and her circle .
Lithe and serious Alicia Vikander stars in the gossamer-and-gritty , female-driven WW1 period drama . Adding in `` Game of Thrones '' Kit Harrington gives this PBS-style drama added John Snow oomph .
Alicia Vikander is not only drop-dead gorgeous , she is as good an actress as I 've ever seen , worth the price of admission alone . Almost hopelessly romantic , there was not one slow moment in this film . On a scale of 10 , I 'd like to give this an 11 .
From first to last , `` Testament of Youth '' sweeps you away .
Evokes the march of history with a balance and restraint exhibited by few movies with such grand ambitions .
A handsomely designed , beautifully photographed , slow-moving , intermittently deeply affecting film .
Vikander crisply holds the screen as a naive rebel transformed by unspeakable suffering into a mature , independent young woman who remains open to the possibility of a new love and a rebuilt England .
An intensely focused , emotionally gripping , and beautifully acted antiwar movie .
So generic one could comfortably slip into a peaceful slumber just by staring at its banal images .
A high school historical lesson with lots of violence and little sex -LRB- how Hollywood -RRB- , the real Vera Brittain may have been a educated pacifist , but her youthful optimism , in a historical context , comes off as grossly naive .
It spends too much time on tragedies that are inherent to most war films and only begins to explore some of the most interesting parts of Vera 's life at the film 's end .
The book is still is in print to this day , selling like crumpets at high tea . The movie is a proud collation of its reflected glory . Do n't miss it .
Vikander and Harington provide the spark this World War I epic needs to get us through the tribulations and tragedies that pile on with numbing regularity .
There 's a good movie in Brittain 's story , but you would n't know it from this lethargic , BBC-produced bore .
The film is elegantly done , mainly because it wisely expends most of its energy on Alicia Vikander 's face .
We do n't need movies to tell us war is hell . But at their best , they humanize its unfathomable losses in a way that history books never quite can .
-LSB- D -RSB- elivers one rich and emotional scene after another
Vikander is the main event here , and if Testament Of Youth is a testament to anything , it 's to her ability to embody great women with grace and battle-ready precision .
Without the epic sweep of a Doctor Zhivago , it 's an intellectual and emotional landscape Vera traverses : grief to survival and , finally , pacifism .
The film 's inferno of horrors are undoubtedly visceral , but psychologically implosive rather than entrails-exploding .
Long , handsome and sober memoir about the events that created a famous pacifist -- a little on the emotionally chilly side .
The heartbreaks resulting from World War One take life from this adapted memoir of a woman who loved and lost .
The World War I-set `` Testament of Youth '' makes a passionate and sensible case for -LSB- pacifism -RSB- through devastating , melancholy , persevering drama .
A superb feature film adaptation that more than measures up to the beloved five-part BBC TV series from 1979 .
A compassionate , distressing tale of a woman 's determination to find her own purpose , full of heartbreaking moments that pile up until they 're unbearable .
Contemplative , untidy and more than a little bit depressing , Testament of Youth confounds expectations by conforming to the outline of history rather than a purely cinematic structure . It 's all the better for it .
This is a year awash with memories of World War I , but Vera and her story offer an angle unlikely to be found anywhere else .
Vikander 's performance , and the ultimate effect of Brittain 's story , are powerful enough to raise the film above its own shortcomings . It 's ultimately a powerful and memorable experience .
Led by Vikander 's skilled performance , the remainder of the cast fulfil their roles with style , the standout being Morgan 's Victor , whose unrequited feelings towards Vera are subtly handled .
If grief is the proper subject of any film about that war , then Testament of Youth is a masterful look into that grief .
Testament Of Youth is hampered by a failure to effectively convey exactly what made it such an important work for the post-war generation .
A cinematic and moving coming-of-age love story , sticky with the personal fallout that comes with news from the trenches .
The filmmakers end up making a rather gloomy chick-flick , rather than the war drama with a modern heroine , which it might have been
The mix of dreams and pragmatism is a potent cocktail in this cinematic and moving adaptation of Vera Brittain 's memoir about her wartime experiences
Thoughtful and moving , if a few degrees short of unmissable .
Just as the BBC TV series introduced a new generation to Vera Brittain in 1979 , so should this film -- her spirit shines through it .
Striking an elegantly sustained balance between intimacy and historical scope , director James Kent 's WWI-set epic Testament of Youth encompasses nearly all of the virtues of classical British period drama and nearly none of the vices .
Kent presents the female experience of war with crisp , tactile practicality ... Unabashedly romantic the film may be , but little about Brittain 's grief-ridden personal awakening is needlessly romanticized .
It 's a powerful story , and one that deserves to be told and retold , albeit in rather more adventurous fashion .
While the film itself is well-crafted and it contains decent performances , from a film-viewing perspective , the story is deeply flawed .
A film that grows more powerful the darker it becomes .
Cast in depth , edited with grace , the picture does great justice to a text that has , of late , become a little under-discussed .
Vikander brings a real sense of the inner rage and frustration Brittain must have felt as she constantly battled against the narrow expectations of her gender and class .
Testament Of Youth wo n't convert those who are fundamentally opposed to British period dramas , but it is beautifully shot and elevated by a striking lead performance .
It 's a strictly stiff-upper lip affair that occupies a time when old-fashioned values were being challenged and ultimately changed , in no small measure thanks to Brittain 's strength as a social campaigner .
There are intelligent performances here , but the movie is veiled with piety .
There are familiar moments in Vera Brittain 's stirring story , though the Kent 's craft and Vikander 's exquisite talent will ensure that the author 's memories live in the minds of a fresh generation ...
Heartbreak porn and little more .
Vikander brings fresh emotional weight to the familiar scenario of WW1 grief , ensuring that this mostly avoids the traps of dull , dutiful heritage cinema .
A classic British memoir gets the full costume drama treatment with this beautifully crafted World War I drama , although it never quite transcends the `` beloved book '' tone , remaining so worthy that it only rarely springs to life .
Testament of Youth is refreshingly old school in its approach , shunning frantic editing and acting histrionics to keep things strictly British and stiff upper lip .
A beautifully acted but disappointingly stiff period drama .
It 's a classy , beautifully shot drama with two very photogenic leads . Yet for me it just felt too tasteful .
There 's an effective love story at Testament of Youth 's core , but the misery of this nuance-free adaptation of Vera Brittain 's autobiography drowns the romance in tedium .
As a film , Testament of Youth glimmers with sadness , but also the apprehension of sadness : we know not all of these boys are coming back .
Vikander has all the grace , beauty and defiant sense of a younger , Swedish Keira Knightley . The actress has the formidable task of portraying every facet of Vera 's character in a turbulent time , and she does so , so eloquently and seamlessly .
Traditional , heartfelt and stirring in all the right ways , the film feels as though it is the natural successor to the war romances of Powell and Pressburger .
It 's altogether a tearful experience - as contemplating such irrecoverable losses to a whole generation should be .
Testament of Youth is tasteful and lyrical , but it still packs a punch .
Beautifully observed moments , captured gorgeously by Kent , and excellently performed by his cast , make the film linger , adding up to a of mosaic of grief , loss , and anger at the waste of an inhuman conflict , all without showing a single bullet fired .

@highlight

Testament of Youth is well-acted and beautifully filmed , adding up to an enriching if not adventurous experience for fans of British period dramas .