Bizarre romantic fantasy Upside Down is mostly desperately twee , but Argentine director Juan Solanas displays flashes of visual ingenuity , while Timothy Spall adds amusingly sympathetic support as Adam 's cigar-chomping ally .
-LSB- Upside Down -RSB- a designer 's dream , but the dialogue is forced and the film is dependent on its aesthetic value .
An otherworldly framework in which the rules exist to separate the classes until Romeo & Juliet come along to break them with the gravity of romance . If only .
The problem is that the physics here are patently ridiculous , and there is likewise no viable chemistry between stars Jim Sturgess and Kirsten Dunst .
Upside Down is an interesting mess - coming across mostly as a visual disaster with big dreams and aspirations that never quite pan out .
A movie that will surely wow audiences with its awesome visuals but floor them with its terrible storytelling .
Dunst , a veteran of the famous upside-down Spider-Man kiss , may be used to this , but viewers of the fantasy romance Upside Down may have the dizzy feeling of blood rushing to their heads . What is going on here and , furthermore , why ?
Soon enough the worlds of Up Top and Down Below feel like distractions , CGI Potemkin villages .
There is little consistency . As a creator , you can not tell us one thing and have characters do another without consequence . Upside Down is plagued with those problems , at least in small ways . It is frustrating for the viewer .
A Romeo and Juliet story for the age of CGI overkill , Upside Down zigs where it should zag and dulls where it should dazzle .
What begins as a grand concept full of unusual possibilities quickly succumbs to a frustrating mixture of pretentiousness and torpor in this threadbare narrative that unfolds in perpetual pursuit of memorable images over narrative sense .
The eye-rolling script is heavy-handed and emotionally distant , sort of like its intergalactic setting .
Riddled with cliches and eye-rollers , Upside Down is more down than upside .
What if I told you that the film also includes scenes of upward urination and consumption of flying pink pancakes ? Now will you help it break the $ 30,000 -LSB- box office -RSB- mark ?
A stunning visual experience spoiled by a trainwreck of a screenplay ... certainly something to see , but difficult to sit through .
Upside Down falls into that old trap of overwhelming us with spectacle before we spot the emptiness beneath .
Worth a look if only for the Caspar David Friedrich-inspired imagery and shots of Timothy Spall 's teeth .
Absent any emotional grounding , the film is a gorgeous , sterile construction , like a dream city unoccupied by humans .
Writer-director Juan Solanas is a better photographer than writer or director .
Simply put , this is one of the craziest films to come along in a while and I can confidently say that anyone who sees it will either hail it is some kind of crackpot masterpiece or dismiss it as one of the silliest damn things they 've ever seen .
It does n't really develop its story , or its themes . It does n't truly draw out its characters . It evokes no serious emotions . It has - in the end - no gravity .
`` Upside Down '' is such a gorgeous wreck that I could almost sense Terry Gilliam somewhere muttering , `` Wait a minute , I should have been the one to screw up this idea . ''
`` Upside Down '' paints a pretty picture , as long as you do n't think about it too much .
Director Juan Solanas has produced such an immense cinematic vision that the flaws ultimately do n't matter .
... may be a treat for the eyes , but you 'll probably be rolling them throughout most of its running time .
Who is it that keeps casting Jim Sturgess in movies ? His range is limited to goofy smiles and pained looks of unrequited love - all that 's required for this film .
` Upside Down , ' in terms of its visuals , is gorgeous and clever and creative .
A work of bracingly singular imagination that is sheer visual pleasure , with some mind-bending ideas and a deeply romantic sensibility .
The only problem is that , after creating the most wonderful fantastic frame , `` Upside Down '' does n't devise a picture worthy of it .
The novelty of the idea , which suggests a less elegant offshoot of M. C. Escher drawings , quickly wears thin . The production design is too busy , and the film 's desaturated palette is forbiddingly austere .
Just enjoy its dazzling visuals , dream-like inventiveness and lush romanticism .
An imperfect but perfectly gorgeous experience , a motion picture of quite literal cosmic enlightenment with the creativity and gall to put most run-of-the-mill movie releases to shame .
At a time when so many movies look alike , and studio productions sometimes look aggressively ugly , here 's a quirky vision at the intersection of sci-fi and romance .
Despite its undeniably clever conceit and visuals , this love story set in twin worlds remains earthbound .
Timothy Spall enlivens this as a crafty engineer in the corporation where Dunst and Sturgess work , but they 're all just props in a dream whose logic has n't been quite worked out .
Though `` Upside Down '' starts with a strong idea , its compelling conceit is immediately weighed down by leaden execution .
`` Upside Down '' gives you four movies for the price of one .
One of the worst movies I 've ever seen . An instant landmark of crap .
What is expected of the viewer is simply to swallow the material whole and focus on the love story .
Moment for moment , Upside Down is the most embarrassing , hilarious , obliviously stupid movie since M. Night Shyamalan 's The Happening , and its constant pursuit of a striking image over any other consideration undermines it at every turn .
Is the film something to look at ? Yes . `` Upside Down '' is something to look at . But that 's not enough for a full-length , full-bodied , romance .
Juan Diego Solanas directs a film that 's like nothing I 've ever seen before .
Upside Down is a very fancy piece of junk .
True originality is so rare that it 's a treat to welcome a movie as completely different and provocative as Upside Down . It 's unlike anything you have ever seen .
Upside Down dazzles us on a visual level but bores us with a Romeo & Juliet-like story of two lovers from opposing worlds .
The highlight of Juan Solanas 's film is the moment Jim Sturgess 's Adam inadvertently pisses on the ceiling .
Dunst is radiant , as always , though it 's radiance with depth : She 's not just your average dream girl ; she 's gravity 's rainbow . But there just is n't enough of her .
To his credit , Solanas unabashedly believes in this heartstring-plucking hooey , and he certainly has a knack for striking images .
Upside Down may be flawed , yet it is a stunningly original work . Give me that over a typical cinematic romance any day .
Upside Down is a film built on binary elements -- lavishly and ambitiously executed -- yet with its laughably undercooked romantic core , it remains foolishly stubborn towards anything more nuanced .

@highlight

In spite of its wonderfully unusual premise and talented cast , Upside Down fails to offer much in the way of compelling drama to anchor its admittedly dazzling visuals .