Anchored by Asensio 's fearless and gripping performance , Most Beautiful Island directs an unflinching point of view toward an often invisible population .
Actress Ana Asensio -LSB- is -RSB- excellent , as is her partner Natasha Romanova . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Both social drama and thriller , Most Beautiful Island is a breathtaking study in how expendable the vast hordes of humanity appear to certain segments of the ultra-rich population .
Most Beautiful Island is a terrifying movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a sharp and , at only 80 minutes , tightly-made debut . The script is strong with some nice little hints and nods , so you can put the pieces of the wider story together .
... a debut as fascinating as unclassifiable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... too weak a proposal both at the narrative level and in terms of content . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just as it gets its final sting in the tail , it abruptly kills off any hope that what you endure to get to the point of a decent story was worth the wait .
Yet rather than just settling for a grim , social-realist slog , -LSB- Ana -RSB- Asensio plays up the harrowing suspense of her character 's struggle for survival , pushing it towards a logical if wildly unpredictable dramatic extreme .
Competently shot , sometimes bluntly edited , Most Beautiful Island is an engrossing indie film that feels very New York .
The early stuff is nothing we have n't seen before in similar films , but Asensio 's performance makes it absorbing .
It 's so exciting to see a film with such a firm grip on its audience 's collective throat .
Spanish actor Ana Asensio multitasks as star , writer-director and producer of this arresting feature , a gritty , ominous thriller that 's winning awards on the festival and independent film circuit .
This profoundly silly exploitation thriller posits the existence of a sinister New York gambling den where gorgeous but penniless immigrants go to die .
This is a taut , timely drama , even if the pay-off does n't quite match the build-up .
The plight of America 's dreaming paperless , in devastating diptych .
It 's amazing what difference it makes when a female director is depicting disturbing scenes of women being tormented or victimised .
Asensio 's beguiling performance keeps the film on track as it builds to an audacious denouement that comes out of the leftfield .
Whether Luciana survives the night pales in comparison to whether she can gain power in the process by peering beneath the curtain of paradise 's lie .
The second half is chilling and well directed , culminating in a high-wire act of a finale .
... modestly suspenseful and unsettling without turning heavy-handed .
It 's a tense movie , made both more personal and more unnerving by Asensio 's insistence on staying with her protagonist , as the tension of her situation works us into a lather .
Most Beautiful Island may take a while to get going , but once it does , you 'll be eager to see what Asensio does next .
A modest but effective writing-directing debut for Ms. Asensio , who also stars .
At a lean eighty minutes , Most Beautiful Island has little extraneous material in it , and Asensio spins a suspenseful web that delivers a truly shocking - and strangely satisfying - revelation .
An intense and sometimes claustrophobic allegory about the pitfalls of the immigrant experience under the generic disguise of a psychological thriller .
Many genre movies in which bad things happen to women end with them fighting back , but here , as people surely would in real life , they just take the money and run .
... a fascinating and tense low budget film drawn from real life inspiration .
Most Beautiful Island summons viewers into its seductive web , lashing out with teeth-grinding tension when you least expect it .
The story Asensio spins is delicate and threatening , like a spider 's web . The suspense woven through the third act is nauseating , and a bit sublime .
`` Most Beautiful Island '' earns whatever trust audiences have put in its unproven storyteller ...
A short , stressful , and utterly spellbinding debut that transforms the immigrant experience into the stuff of an early Polanski psychodrama , Ana Asensio 's Most Beautiful Island is a worthy winner of the SXSW Grand Jury Prize for best narrative feature .
Despite some missteps , there are enough strengths to mark this as a promising debut .
The pivotal scenes may be fictionalised , but the prickling , precarious threat is clammily authentic and inspired by the experiences of the film 's writer , director and star ...
May have worked better as an installment of a horror anthology series , but it 's certainly engaging and should keep you asking questions .
An intriguing and slow-burn reinvention of survival horror .

@highlight

Most Beautiful Island plunges audiences into a little-seen sector of society , with writer-director Ana Asensio 's fearless performance leading the way .