Whether gamely playing cards by candlelight or sneaking ice from her workplace fridge when Colin 's homemade cooler fails , Michelle is the real star here , emotionally and dramatically .
As pure entertainment , No Impact Man seesaws between infuriating and captivating , but gains undeniable brownie points for its light-hearted examination of sustainable living .
It advances important and laudable ideas , but in a cliched , gimmicky way .
It does n't sound like fun , and it is n't fun to watch .
Amiable enough , though it resembles a marketing tool for Beavan 's book about his project .
While the hero may be resistible , this still makes for compelling viewing .
An intriguing documentary offering trial and experiment .
Where the stunt ends and experiment begins is hard to tell ...
what he and his family learned that they could do without and do without as a way of enriching their lives is both provocative and enviable
No Impact Man is certain to raise questions among viewers - questions about the Beavans , questions about ourselves , questions about degrees of sustainability . And asking questions is what it 's all about , is n't it ?
This curiosity piece should stimulate interesting conversations about the lessons learned from the viewing experience .
It 's kinda inspiring . It 's also very funny .
Fortunately for the sake of documentary , Beavan is no humorless eco-scold , and he makes it clear that he 's engaged in a lifestyle experiment , not recommending this extreme course for everyone .
Beavan is nothing if not adept at selling himself .
If this sounds like a stunt , it is . But it 's tough to get a book contract these days .
An interesting socio-analytical documentary that preaches valuable messages regarding global conservation . My problem is I wanted to shoot the film 's pompous messenger .
There 's some food for thought to be gleaned from the film . It suggests a few small changes in our everyday lives that could make a big difference .
No Impact Man is a very confused documentary that somehow puts its confusion to good use .
The real heat comes from Beavan 's reluctant wife , Michelle Conlin , a self-proclaimed shopaholic and Starbucks poster girl .
This poignant , provocative documentary reduces the green movement to human scale -- and magnifies the size of mountain it 's trying to climb .
The film ended and I went downstairs to see seven bags of trash in my kitchen . It was at that point , I felt I needed to change my living habits .
A strange yet riveting portrait of a marriage enduring a year spent making as little environmental impact as possible .
Like reality TV , there are moments of drama that have an aura of awkward self-consciousness about them and incidents that feel , if not staged , at the very least orchestrated , amped up . But you have to hand it to Beavan and Conlin .
We 're a long way from algae-based biofuel , and until that day , maybe watching less crappy television and spending more times with your kids is n't such a bad idea .
You wo n't want to give up two-ply , but you might rethink buying salad in one of those unwieldy plastic boxes during your next trip to the grocery store .
It may not be the greatest of cinematic exercises , and it often feels contrived , but this documentary somehow is enlightening , ridiculous , foreboding and funny at the same time .
It all seems like a stunt , especially since Beaven has also written a just-published book about his experiences , but he and Conlin are an engaging pair who do n't let zealotry get in the way of humor .
You may find Colin Beavan unbearably smug , but at the heart of his mission lies an inconvenient truth : Our consumable , disposable , unsustainable culture is destroying the planet , and there 's no way to change that without making sacrifices .
It inspires serious second thoughts the next time you leave the lights on or your computer idling .
A mildly fascinating documentary that ultimately fails to be truly enlightening , focused and provocative .
Unsparingly exposes the confused power dynamics of a certain kind of modern middle-class marriage .
Finally an environmental advocacy film for those of us who have the best of intentions but a weakness for Peet 's espressos , takeout dinners and an occasional Marc Jacobs sale , to say nothing of a dependence on toilet paper ...
The film , like Beavan himself , leaves an unholy mess of contradictions in its wake , but most productively , a great deal of those contradictions are our own .
The family has its struggles , certainly , but even more than a statement about the environment , No Impact Man offers a thoughtful narrative on the compromises of marriage and how this particular couple found a way to meet in the middle .
For someone claiming to be ` No Impact Man , ' Beavan 's efforts at reaching this lofty goal does in fact leave a very big impact on the viewer .
How much can we possibly glean from a guy whose idealism can be measured with a calendar ?
An enviro-doc that does n't soft-pedal the fact that the calculated , consciousness-raising media event it chronicles is a conceptual stunt , No Impact Man manages to present its New York do-gooder couple as both likably idealistic and inevitably conf
Back-to-nature documentary chronicles carbon footprint of eco-conscious family .
No Impact Man -- the film and the book -- could well end up instruction manuals .
The content and ideas could easily veer into the territory of the overbearing , but the naturalistic filmmaking and engaging personalities of the parties involved keep the documentary light and nimble while remaining contemplative and informative .
A bold and astonishing documentary about the daunting and enlightening ecological project of a radical idealist and his New York City family
in the end becomes a screwball comedy take on a well-intentioned environmentalist and his long-suffering wife : Scenes From a Green Marriage
An intriguing , droll doc about a man who walks with the lightest footstep imaginable to save the environment .
As much a sociological study , of the way a modern urban couple relate and negotiate for individual priorities , as a practical experiment of living a sustainable lifestyle , `` No Impact Man '' is a thought provoking documentary that 's as entertaining as it is
A documentary about one New Yorker 's heroic efforts to test whether he could live for an entire year without making any negative environmental impact .




@highlight

Half enviro-saving doc , half publicity stunt , No Impact Man is inspiring and fun to both casual activists and hardcore recyclers .