Never gets past the superficial .
Far less insight than the flattest of E! True Hollywood Story segments
In Factory Girl , a jumbled account of the short life and photogenic hard times of the first Andy Warhol superstar , Edie Sedgwick , Sienna Miller makes Sedgwick into an archetypal over-confident blond with a mannered young Kathleen Turner croak .
Summing up a complex human being in two hours is like an MTV spot about Nelson Mandela cut to a Kanye West track . We do n't really get to know Sedgwick at all .
True story of drugs and sex is for adults only .
As a bio-pic , Factory Girl is limited , but as a snapshot of Sedgwick and Warhol 's fiery relationship , there is much to fascinate us .
Factory Girl is an effective evocation of a particular slice of recent history . The film benefits from Miller 's turn as Edie , an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink performance that takes the poor girl from the heights and highs of fame to the depths and doom
As a biography of Edie Sedgwick , it 's pretty near worthless , but as an evocation of both the glamour and the horror of the Factory , it 's as seductive as Andy himself .
les écrits de Mauzner n'arrivent malheureusement pas à rendre justice , voire même à ajouter le moindre commentaire critique , à leur source d'inspiration
Spoilt , rich , posh , vacuous and fame-obsessed - who better to play Edie Sedgwick ? If she 's acting or not , Miller is brilliant . Just a shame the film is so shallow too .
Edie Sedgwick 's story is sad , but never appears important or interesting .
It 's Sienna Miller 's star that shines brightest in this heartbreaking cautionary tale .
Miller is a genuine surprise as the damaged star . But the film leaves her very much as it finds her : a clueless naive .
Sienna Miller brings bright eyes and shapeshifting commitment to a script that does n't always deserve it .
Sienna Miller guarantees herself a bit more than 15 minutes with a strong performance in an otherwise dazed and confused film .
Kudos to Miller for her touching portrayal of a doomed icon . A shame the film 's as substantial as one of Warhol 's silver flotations .
There 's no real need for Factory Girl ; just go pick up that copy of Heat .
In all it 's an unconvincing portrait , and as the Dylan clone says , `` Empty , like one of those cans of soup ... ''
Sienna Miller is perfectly cast but the script barely scratches the surface and you never really get inside any of the characters .
One wonders whether the documentary format would have better served the material than this ill-focused drama . Since real-life family and observers chime in over the end credits , perhaps the filmmakers were thinking the same thing .
A brave bid to recreate a modern American tragedy , with a revelatory turn by its lead actress .
For some real insight into the sad demise of `` Susan Superstar '' read Jean Stein 's eye-opening ` Edie : American Girl , ' or rent `` Ciao ! Manhattan '' instead .
Had the cast and promise to be so much better than what finally ended up on screen .
Pearce is as self-consciously annoying as I always found Warhol to be in interviews . Miller looks great , but so what ? There 's no there there .
... jerky , with a flat , uneven pace ...
Exposition abounds , and while it may be necessary in light of the passage of time , it still makes Sedgwick 's 15 minutes feel like 15 years . Still , Miller 's performance is a thing of bewildered , brilliant debris .
Though the movie makes clear enough that Warhol 's gift is vision % u2014he sees and exploits the shifting relationship between truth and fiction % u2014it lacks exactly that .
This is n't much more than an A&E biographical fluff piece -- with boobs , bad language and an attempt to turn the story into a warped love triangle .
Flashy but depressing film .
The film is most interesting in its portrayal of Warhol as a cold-hearted user .
-LSB- Miller -RSB- barely registers -- she 's lightweight in an elemental way . Her utter lack of screen presence is the most monumental thing about her .
I think Sienna Miller does a really nice job of capturing Edie Sedgwick , who really was the fore-runner to Paris Hilton and a lot of other people who are just famous for being famous .
Sienna Miller lights up an otherwise mediocre recounting of the rise and fall of Andy Warhol muse Edie Sedgwick .
Miller 's touching performance is hamstrung by director George Hickenlooper 's disconnected narrative and his overdone efforts to make the film look as messy and dirty as Warhol 's underground films .
Factory Girl is weirdo weary , despite some vivacity spooned into it by Sienna Miller as Edie Sedgwick .
It 's a movie without that emotional spark that lets us connect with her , or anybody else .
Details feel wrong ; the pace is skittish ; the rise to fatal hysteria is rapid and unconvincing . Finally you just lose all faith in it .
Once again , Sedgwick is being remembered less for who she was than who she knew .
When Sedgwick 's whirl of liberation turns into addiction , clichés stall the plot .
Sedgwick 's death seems as predestined as a Hollywood melodrama .
Say what you will about Andy Warhol 's movies -- they may have been boring , but at least they were n't as dull as as Factory Girl .
You feel as if either you or the filmmakers have missed the point , if there ever actually was one .
Thanks to the flashy work of the film 's two editors and cinematographer , style trumps substance . Or perhaps it merely masks the lack of it .
Miller does good work when the script gives her anything to work with .
Not everyone is crushed by fame , but almost everyone is flattened by it .
Miller 's commitment to the role makes a mockery of the movie 's conservative and predictable riches-to-rags story arc and the conventionality of its ` edgy ' visual strategy .
Sienna Miller , revealing a depth and presence she 's never hinted at before , inhabits Sedgwick with raw exuberance .
Two extraordinary performances ca n't prevent Factory Girl from being an ordinary movie .
The vibrant 1960s New York art scene has never seemed as boring and programmatic as in George Hickenlooper 's Factory Girl , a pointless excuse for the director to recreate hep locations and counterculture icons .
Fleeting and superficial , it 's the familiar , cliche-riddled show biz rise and fall with banal notes about substance abuse and the price of fame .
The film never provides compelling reasons to care about the fate of this poor little rich girl .
Director George Hickenlooper incessantly switches between black-and-white , grained-out , color-saturated , handheld and fuzzy shots . He 's not so much making a movie as an audition tape for the cameraman 's guild .
An old-fashioned poor little rich girl story gussied up with 1960s glitter ... as vacuous as the milieu in which it 's set .
Whatever shrewdness or charm Sedgwick possessed that caused people to believe that she was a revolutionary figure in New York night life , it does n't come through in this movie .
... Guy Pearce is fabulous as Warhol , delivering a complex portrait of the pop artist as a bundle of contradictions .
Though George Hickenlooper 's `` Factory Girl '' feels as vacuous as the picture 's main character , `` superstar '' Edie Sedgwick , it manages to convincingly convey the toxic persona that was Andy Warhol .
Factory Girl 's greatest crime is transforming a scene and a personality that were all about movement and flamboyant brilliance into nothing but inert ventriloquism .
The best Factory Girl can muster is Oliver Stone on a budget , complete with shrill overacting , sloppy pacing , constantly changing film stock , distracting celebrity cameos , messy psychodrama , and bleary stylistic overload .
Even after watching her rise and fall for 90 minutes , we still do n't know her at all .
Tragedy requires us to genuinely care about the character and Factory Girl fails in that regard , despite Miller 's emphatic performance .
It 's a sad , haunting story -- but George Hickenlooper 's Factory Girl does little to show us why we should care .
Miller gets old and used up before our eyes , and we not only see it , we see what it means to experience it . This is a movie about power , and its spectacle is that of a woman losing all of it .
According to anyone you care to ask , Factory Girl has been cut and recut a couple of times and may not even be the movie that filmmaker George Hickenlooper intended to make . This sounds reasonable , as nobody sets out to make a movie this banal .
Despite strong performances by Sienna Miller as the quintessential '60s It Girl and Guy Pearce as FrankenArtist Andy , the film ultimately does n't have much to say about the people it purports to depict or the tumultuous times in which they lived .
Less a movie than a montage , the swinging sixties shot in an arc both tiny and trite .
Factory Girl is not , strictly speaking , a bad movie . It 's something worse : an irredeemably banal drama about some of the most protean , contradictory creative forces of the 1960s .
Sedgwick 's thoroughly photographed life would doubtless make an engrossing documentary -LRB- a genre to which Hickenlooper ought to stick -RRB- ...
Plays like it was dragged kicking and screaming into a traditional biopic structure .
-LSB- Sedgwick -RSB- mostly just seems like an irresponsible girl without any real dreams , who blew all her money and only wound up in rehab when she could n't pay her rent anymore .
Sienna Miller shows impressive range in Factory Girl , but range is n't necessarily what the part requires .
This is Sienna Miller 's chance to prove she can do more in a movie than look good while naked , and it turns out she 's a good actress .
The two central performances are competent but uninspired -- and annoyingly mannered . Pearce 's Warhol is a one-note , irresponsible villain and Miller 's Sedgwick is a shallow , pretentious party girl who chain-smokes her way through every scene .
Pearce goes beyond the other skilled mimicries we 've seen on screen from David Bowie , Jared Leto et al to locate the insecurity in Warhol 's pettiness and cruelty .
Factory Girl is n't a penetrating chronicle of Sedgwick 's life so much as a production designer 's highlights reel .
Cautionary tale ? Fashion show ? Love story ? Excuse for groovy soundtrack ? George Hickenlooper 's Factory Girl is a little of each , but not enough of any to make a satisfying film story .
Hickenlooper likes to observe chaos and artistic extremes with a friendly eye , and there are hints all through Factory Girl of the shattering film it could have been . But the story falls too easily into ` live fast , die young ' laments and postures .
This is juicy stuff , but the filmmakers have absolutely no idea what to do with it .
The historical Edie Sedgwick was a fascinating figure and at no time was she more interesting than when she was a member of Warhol 's Factory . It 's too bad Factory Girl fails to make this woman compelling in these circumstances .
Sienna Miller , with her glossed and dimpled party-girl smile , looks so much like the actual Edie Sedgwick that you may think , at moments , that you 're seeing the real thing . That spooky look-alike allure does a lot for the movie .
I doubt if it would have been considered slick or glam-sham enough to hold even Warhol 's interest in the days when he stuck the label of high art on everything that popped out of a Polaroid .
Sienna Miller embodies Edie Sedgwick with a thoroughly convincing highwire act to match Guy Pierce 's incarnation of Andy Warhol in Hickenlooper 's perfunctory biopic .
No matter how much money or blue blood a woman has , you 're still just one more exploitable , disposable babe . The title Factory Girl in fact , says it all .
The least-fabulous movie imaginable about the most fabulous persona in that most fabulous of scenes , the Warhol Factory at the height of its genius and gaiety .
Neither George Hickenlooper 's direction nor Captain Mauzer 's screenplay is particularly compelling , presenting Warhol 's world in predictable , cartoonish fashion .
Sedgwick liked attention and she liked having fun ; at least the movie honors half of that .
The Warhol cosmos is too weird and complicated to lend itself to a conventional Hollywood biopic , and this one is conventional down to Warhol 's first glimpse of his future ` superstar ' bouncing up and down vivaciously in tacky slow motion .
Despite an interesting turn by Guy Pearce as Andy Warhol , the movie fails to deliver any character that I could care about .
A fascinating public figure is reduced to an uninteresting , unlikeable cliche in this stylish but only fitfully entertaining biopic .
This is an extremely perverse film about mainly perverse people.Ik !
Miller gives a go-for-broke performance as the increasingly desperate and undone Sedgwick . But she lacks the fragile charisma evident in even the coarsest Warhol films , and without it there 's no reason to care .
Why should we care about Edie Sedgwick ? Factory Girl , fatally , ca n't find a reason .
Miller is wincingly good at playing up the innocence , with her junior high school declarations -LRB- ` there 's always hope ' -RRB- and the politely vacuous laugh she seems to deliver from her front teeth .
With Factory Girl , Hickenlooper has taken an icon and made her ordinary .
Want to know Sedgwick ? Listen to Dylan sing ` Just Like a Woman . ' That 's it -- in less than five minutes .
For a film about Warhol 's infamous Factory scene , this Edie Sedgwick biopic is , in some ways , depressingly conventional .
Sienna Miller remains an actress in search of a movie worthy of her talent .
Pearce 's performance is assembled out of rigorously limited physical gestures and a vocal characterization that never rises above a murmur . But it 's mesmerizing -- you ca n't take your eyes off him , and you miss him every time he leaves the scene .
`` Why is this day different from all others ? '' is a question every Jewish family hears at the Passover seder . `` Why is this biopic different from all others ? '' is a question that no one seems to hear in Hollywood .
Factory Girl , a biography of Edie Sedgwick , the most glamorous of Andy Warhol 's so-called superstars , suggests a magazine layout masquerading as a film .
... drags through its 91 minutes , ... wasting Oscar-caliber performances by Miller and Pearce .
George Hickenlooper 's impressionistic biopic Factory Girl is a strange little affair , and not a wholly successful one .
If not for Sienna Miller 's engaging portrayal of Edie Sedgwick , Factory Girl would have little to offer .
Whatever substantial qualities it might once have possessed have been wasted , picked over by rumor and gossip , and sullied by the pawing of many hands .
Edie Sedgwick may have been too elusive and too fractured to be easily explained . Factory Girl is a good try with some great acting . But as with its subject , it 's both too much and not enough .
A spectacle of bad accidents , VH1 aesthetics , sketchy -LRB- almost nonexistent -RRB- period detail , and armchair psychology .
Miller bears an uncanny resemblance to Sedgwick and gives a striking , emotionally raw performance that deserves a much more richly imagined and vividly rendered narrative backdrop than the superficial one provided by Factory Girl .
Sienna Miller gives a sexy , emotionally intense performance , but the film is so poorly conceived and structurally messy that it fails to illuminate the starlet or her times -- add it to the growing list of failed indies about Warhol and entourage .
A brisk , superficial treatment of the tragic supernova life of Edie Sedgwick , Factory Girl disappoints as both biography and drama .
Miller is undeniably engaging . That 's probably not enough to save the movie from obscurity , but it should , at the very least , guarantee bigger and better things for its star .
Director George Hickenlooper captures the energy and ultra-irony of Warhol 's scene , but his attempts to give the film a conventional biopic arc end up wallowing in dime-store psychology .
Though Sedgwick embodied everything that glittered and grated about the era 's counterculture , director George Hickenlooper evinces no deep interest in the time and place , resulting in a film that feels removed from its source .
Sienna Miller captures much of Edie 's physical manner and some of her voice -LRB- though she 's nowhere near deep enough -RRB- , but there 's nothing she can do with material that requires her to mope and pout for the bulk of her screen time .



@highlight

Despite a dedicated performance by Sienna Miller , Factory Girl delves only superficially into her character , and ultimately fails to tell a coherent story .