... a fascinating look inside the war room of a former empire considering actual surrender in the face of insurmountable odds ... and what it takes to overcome them .
As the credits rolled , the strongest opinion I had about it was a shrug .
Gary Oldman anchors a fascinating look at the war room behind the scenes of the evacuation of Dunkirk .
Oldman brings plenty of fighting spirit , transformed by strikingly realistic prosthetic make-up to play the then 66-year-old with a spry mind , cranky demeanour and creaky body propped up with whiskey and cigars .
Wright does n't allow us to forget that all the words , speeches , and arguments are not only about politics but also about human beings , men on the beaches and stuck in trenches who are being killed and sacrificed .
Nevertheless , Darkest Hour is entertaining and beautiful to watch .
`` Darkest Hour '' is a brief , and presumably misleading , biopic aimed more at winning awards for acting than in connecting our modern political problems with those of the past .
In Darkest Hour , Wright 's charged , blustery framework pulls the audience into a distant political landscape . But his approach here is also limiting and nearly wearying .
It 's when Churchill is at his most beleaguered that Darkest Hour spirals off into the further realms of fantasy .
Joe Wright is less interested in historical details , more cinematic detail , and that leaning makes for an absorbing and flamboyant spectacle with Gary Oldman 's barnstorming theatrical take on Churchill at its heart .
Darkest Hour may be a little average in its telling of these critical events of WWII , but what it lacks in narrative power , it more than makes up for with a grand sense of style and a phenomenal performance from Gary Oldman as Winston Churchill .
Mr. Oldman looks like a swirling gourd . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
More than a biopic , `` The Darkest Hour '' is a study of the character and personality of the English Prime Minister Winston Churchill . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Is it possible to separate a great performance from a less than great film ? -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A droll , listless experience of a movie , an exercise that functions only because it is made in the service of its actor , who is more than up to the challenge of conveying a seamless portrayal .
As great an actor as Gary Oldman has proven to be , his performance as the embattled PM is a miracle of timing , execution , body language and sheer grit .
... describes without too much subtlety . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... the excellent work of the actor ends up it it into Oldman 's show . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Wright is at times more patriotic than Spielberg in The Post ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gary Oldman immerses himself in the character , giving every aspect of Churchill a memorable resonance , from his sense of humour , to his mastery of language to his short temper and bursts of humility .
Maybe its rhythm can be a bit tedious for some , especially by the excessive use of dialogues , but without a doubt it is a film that is worth seeing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
` Darkest Hour ' is Gary Oldman 's finest hour .
Despite the occasional Old Vic melodrama , Oldman lends it all an irresistible credibility .
Gary Oldman and Kristin Scott Thomas are extraordinary in bringing to life two characters who history has covered numerous times .
Just give Oldman the Oscar already .
All in all , Darkest Hour is a competent film . And it has its gems .
... a historical drama that 's both handsome and alive .
-LSB- Gary -RSB- Oldman delivers a magnetic performance . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Gary Oldman does not embody Winston Churchill , but directly becomes Winston Churchill . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The script is crisp , the acting topnotch all around .
It may not be particularly original , but it should be of interest to history buffs , or to those who want to see one of Gary Oldman 's finest performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The ever-reliable Kristin Scott Thomas is the standout among the supporting cast , as Churchill 's stoic wife . If only for Gary Oldman 's Oscar-calibre performance , and hers , Darkest Hour merits a trip to the multiplex .
Oldman delivers a vibrant and complicated portrayal not only marked by its impressive imitation , but by the immense range on display .
... a meritorious effort , without being really innovative ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... more than remarkable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A good `` dad movie '' centered on the days of May 1940 when Churchill becomes prime minister ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The tone is , then , precise : we will see everything from Churchill 's perspective ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Oldman has already bagged the Golden Globe for his performance , and it is he who elevates Darkest Hour beyond Wright 's stuffy , sluggish and stagy filmmaking into a reflective and passable drama .
Darkest Hour initiates a genuine , modern approach to political heroism and the Western sagacity that is out of favor ... -LSB- It -RSB- is not jingoism ; it is a politically aware , reflective performance .
Gary Oldman is a force of nature ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gary Oldman delivers one of the finest performances of his career in director Joe Wright 's technically brilliant but narratively flawed companion piece to Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk .
The script has been written with the caps lock on and Joe Wright directs accordingly .
You come , and you stay , for Oldman ... -LSB- His performance is -RSB- uncanny , it 's technically virtuosic , it 's mesmerising ... -LSB- he -RSB- gets the humour , the doubt , the drunkenness , the moods , the intelligence , the heart and soul .
Wright infuses the film with as much style as it can hold without becoming unduly bloated
Darkest Hour is pretentiously flawed in its obvious award-baiting , but well produced and rousing enough thanks to Gary Oldman in one of his most impressive performances .
If you are n't interested in this stuff , it might lose you . -LSB- Gary Oldman -RSB- is engaging , there 's no doubt about it , but the subject matter could lose you .
For Gary Oldman to embody that , when we already know the audio of the real man 's voice , I thought it was just a magnificant performance .
There are many representations of Churchill and the King , many more depicting Britain and its soldiers and people during WWII , so Joe Wright had a lot to follow with this film , and quite a bit to live up to , however , Darkest Hour was excellent .
The pejorative `` Oscar bait '' is immaterial when it 's this good .
Oldman 's superlative work prohibits the movie from fading into the hedges like dozens of other dehydrated period pieces .
Generally this is a rousing , immensely entertaining crowd -- pleaser with a thoroughly mesmerising performance from Oldman in one of the finest hours of his career .
It is unapologetically wordy . And at its best , this showcase for Churchill 's ornate verbal flourishes is rousing and satisfying .
Oldman wins , with a bespoke version of his distinctive voodoo . The sight of Churchill scarfing down eggs , bacon and whisky for breakfast is , in its own way , as rock 'n' roll as the sight of Sid Vicious windmilling his bass in Sid and Nancy .
A film that is watchable and entertaining , but rather stilted dramatically , unimaginative in its storytelling and a little too in thrall with its waddling hero .
Oldman gives a performance rather than an impersonation and Darkest Hour is all the better for it .
As far as the overall package goes , Darkest Hour is kind of just proficient , a perfectly competent and effective period film . What elevates it is Oldman 's full-bodied , tour-de-force performance .
Not event Oldman 's brilliant performance can save the awful screenplay - and the scene in the subway is a perfect summation of the script 's many flaws . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Personally , I would prefer a rerun of Dunkirk or The Crown . But what Darkest Hour lacks in imagination is made up for , to an extent , by Oldman 's presence .
A feature-length Oscar clip , two hours of Gary Oldman stomping around in a Winston Churchill suit . There 's too little drama and too much inevitability in what amounts to a reanimated Madame Tussaud 's waxwork scene .
Oldman delivers the greatest-hit speeches not just with mastery of cadence but with enough raw power to make the exceedingly familiar sound fresh .
Essentially , Darkest Hour is a thriller , skilfully woven out of events to which we all know the ending .
Oldman makes the role entirely his own , by turns mischievous , grumpy , panicked , vulnerable , blustering , stubborn and a whole host of other adjectives besides .
Ultimately , if you want to hear Churchill talking about fighting them on the beaches , you could just watch Dunkirk again - Oldman 's performance is literally transformative , but Darkest Hour is just another pedestrian biopic .
Darkest Hour is one of the better examples of the British prestige pic , an absorbing study of an over-mythologised political figure that depicts him not so much as a hero as a principled man snatching victory from the jaws of defeat .
Oldman dominates the film , capturing Churchill 's outsized , blustery personality , along with a mischievous sense of humor ...
Oldman seizes upon his character 's many flaws and magically turns them into saving graces ...
... Darkest Hour is a mostly entertaining , enthralling and at times very moving film .
Oldman 's performance is the sole , sufficient reason to see a film in which little else finally lingers .
It 's a remarkable performance , any way you look at it , and one of the unreliable Oldman 's best .
Director Joe -LRB- Atonement -RRB- Wright exhibits his trademark flashes of visual aplomb and captures the peril of Nazi invasion with thrilling immediacy , despite being almost entirely confined to the claustrophobic corridors of power .
When it comes to triumphs , here 's one for the ages .
Who would n't want to see the Nazis taken to task by George Smiley , Count Dracula and Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg ?
No disrespect to either John Lithgow or Brian Cox , but this is the Winston Churchill performance from the past year to you need to see .
This is n't an uncritical celebration of British bulldog spirit but a nuanced portrait of Churchill at a key point early in the war .
It is interesting mainly because it was made at this particular historical moment and for the messages it delivers to us right now . Though not a major cinematic achievement , the movie is valid - and worth seeing - for this reason alone .
The film is carried by Oldman , of course , who can now add Churchill to his career gallery of real life characters that includes Sid Vicious , Beethoven and Lee Harvey Oswald .
Taking us from Chamberlain 's resignation to the aftermath of Dunkirk , the film resists no opportunity to indulge in clunking exposition .
It 's an amazing performance : the only star turn I 've seen in which a famous actor visible in nearly every scene would be unrecognisable if we did n't know his name already .
Oldman is sheer joy in a role which transcends an otherwise uneven affair .
An Oscar-aimed turn from Gary Oldman anchors this WW2 portrait of Churchill at his most beleaguered . Just mind the gap ...
Gary Oldman is magic as Winston Churchill . Just give this man the Oscar already . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's no argument that this is a polished production from director Joe Wright .
Gary Oldman plays Churchill , and suffice to say that if he finally wins an Oscar , it will not be undeserved .
Darkest Hour may be brash , but it 's never less than riveting when actors such as these are doing their stuff .
-LSB- Director Joe -RSB- Wright 's restless camera tracks Churchill 's immortal words as they fly from his mind before landing on the pages of typist Miss Layton -LRB- Lily James -RRB- . This is mental activity framed as martial arts .
Gary Oldman might finally win the Oscar that has long eluded him for his sterling portrayal of the British Bulldog .
Despite its flaws , Darkest Hour is still worth catching , just to watch a seasoned veteran such as Oldman show you the craft he has practised and perfected over the years .
Grappling with Churchill 's inner humanity and steely resolve , Oldman has offered a portrayal for the ages .
The period piece of the year combines good historical accuracy with a vibrant portrayal of prewar Britain .
It is -LSB- Gary -RSB- Oldman , though , who rules . As he did while portraying characters as diverse as punk-rocker Sid Vicious and the fictional spy George Smiley , Oldman again disappears into the role .
Casting Gary Oldman as Churchill seems like a risky gamble , given that both are known commodities . But Oldman , who has already portrayed such disparate figures as Sid Vicious , Lee Harvey Oswald and Ludwig van Beethoven , proves to be up to the task .
Darkest Hour takes a while to get going , but once the pieces are in place and Churchill gets down to business , Wright 's film picks up a great deal of momentum .
The pandering to modern sensibilities left me feeling insulted , and it would be enough to derail a better movie than this .
There 's something wrong when a biopic 's best scene never happened in real life .
Sure , it 's a paint-by-numbers biopic about British Prime Minister Winston Churchill facing down the Nazis , but when the acting is this good , who gives a damn
Mostly just boring in-between the bits where Oldman says something famous .
If history is of any interest to you , this is one of three current films dealing with one of the most momentous events of WWI
Intelligent and informative , with a knockout central performance by Gary Oldman .
Comparisons with the powerful ` Dunkirk ' are inevitable , but Gary Oldman soars as a bigger-than-life Winston Churchill in a first-rate , historical film .
... more about a singular powerful performance rather than telling a cohesive and satisfying story .
With impeccable direction , engaging dialogue , consummate costume and makeup , and one of the best performances ever to grace the silver screen by Oldman , Darkest Hour is an overwhelming achievement .
Oldman 's Star Shines Bright in `` Darkest Hour . ''
Therein lies the joy of Darkest Hour : watching someone like Oldman ply his trade in what may be a career-defining role . The movie in itself offers plenty . Oldman offers more .
-LSB- Oldman -RSB- plumbs the depths of Churchill 's character in order to give us a three-dimensional take on the iconic , dour-faced politician .
This film is a showcase for Gary Oldman 's powerful portrayal of Churchill . Just as masterful are the makeup and prosthetics artists who make Oldman look like Churchill .
Truly a political film , Darkest Hour aims to fulfill the needs of its constituents .
In a time when the film scene is flooded with sequels , remakes , spinoffs and an avalanche of superhero adventures , it is considerably miraculous that a film like `` Darkest Hour '' manages to stand out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a stirring portrait of real political leadership that makes Darkest Hour not just a lively slice of history , but also relevant for today .
Aside from Oldman 's frisky pleasure in hamming it up , Darkest Hour collapses in a great pile of hogwash .
A sturdy biopicture about Winston Churchill 's triumphs and struggles as England 's Prime Minister in 1940 .
`` Churchill just mobilized the English language and sent it into battle , '' Halifax admits at the end . But did he really need a 100-piece orchestra to do it ?
... a handsomely produced , dialogue-driven history lesson that rests on the broad shoulders of its indelible protagonist , Winston Churchill .
It 's too long . Everything the film has to say could have been easily and neatly packed into 80 brisk minutes .
Darkest Hour is a fine film about Winston Churchill and his decision-making as Hitler swept through Europe that will ultimately be remembered for one thing : Gary Oldman is Churchill .
Oldman takes the reins of Darkest Hour . It 's his performance , capturing the British bulldog 's oratorical fire but most important his life-affirming lightness , that makes this movie worth sitting in the dark for two hours .
Darkest Hour demonstrates how , considering that everything and most everyone were working against Churchill , it 's fairly extraordinary that there 's still an England .
With a blubbery voice and a penchant for cutesy physical movements , Gary Oldman does a smashing impersonation of Benny Hill 's Mr. Scuttle , but the resemblance to Britain 's wartime leader is n't quite there .
Oldman has always possessed the ability to disappear behind the roles he plays , with and without latex , and his work here is further proof of his talent . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Gary -RSB- Oldman also does justice to Churchill 's famous inspirational speeches , delivered in the dark , tradition-bound chamber of the House of Commons .
A visual symphony of performance , pacing , editing , cinematography and music that only Wright and perhaps three or four other directors are capable of conducting .
Britain 's `` Darkest Hour '' turns out to be Gary Oldman 's finest .
`` Darkest Hour '' is a straightforward , day-by-day depiction of world-changing events , told with meticulous simplicity .
It scores on any number of technical levels , but it 's Oldman 's award-worthy performance as Churchill more than anything that proves to be the linchpin to the whole exercise .
And yet for all that telling about how it was , the film feels much more like happy fantasy than detailed history , a fond look back on the lead-up to a moment of moral righteousness .
Ultimately the film over-romanticises its subject and , in so doing , fails to illuminate the real complexities of this pivotal moment in social and political history .
So the verdict is mildly mixed . Darkest Hour is n't as great as the historical moment it depicts but Oldman 's performance certainly rises to the occasion .
Gary Oldman blubbers and bellows from under wads of makeup as Winston Churchill in this lifeless biopic .
The script - and Oldman 's portrayal of Churchill - make the movie riveting . Yes , folks , words really matter .
Churchill , by way of Darkest Hour , hands the actor some of the best speeches of his career , and Oldman brings them vividly to life .
A nagging question persists throughout Darkest Hour : Is Oldman 's compulsively meticulous turn here anything more than a brilliant impersonation ?
Wright 's restlessness can be off-putting , but his technique feels like a reasonable match here for the high-stakes subject matter , and the heightened -LRB- but not hammy -RRB- pitch of the performances .
Which is why Darkest Hour transcends its biopic trappings to work , almost despite itself . It 's a beautiful thing , Wright 's film .
Joe Wright 's Darkest Hour stylishly follows Winston Churchill 's early days as Prime Minister with a transformative performance from Gary Oldman .
It 's somewhat interesting to witness the events that led to one of the most famous speeches of the 20th century , but not 2 hours , 5-minutes worth of interesting .
Except for the make-up job on Oldman , not much to write home about -- least of all the idea that Churchill was defending `` Western Civilization '' against the brutes . Tell that to the Indians and Kenyans .
A superb portrayal of Winston Churchill .
... manages to capture Churchill 's high-profile charisma as well as his eccentricities during the film 's quieter and more contemplative moments .
Oldman 's turn here at times feels like a great performance , and at others , like a parody of a great performance .
A career-capping personal best for Oscar contender Gary Oldman . Kristin Scott-Thomas and Lily James also shine .
Oldman commands every inch of the frame , and director Joe Wright often finds him in dark spaces , with a shaft of sunlight miraculously touching only him .
Everything about the film is exemplary and would fit well on a double bill of history with Dunkirk .
Gary Oldman 's transformative portrayal of Winston Churchill in Joe Wright 's Darkest Hour achieves the same rarefied orbit as Marlon Brando 's interpretation of the Godfather . If this be critical blasphemy , so be it .
Darkest Hour rises above the trappings of its genre thanks to a stirring performance by Gary Oldman .
Wright tones down his usual visual flourishes , but his dramatic command is the strongest it 's been in years .
While Dunkirk is all visceral action and Their Finest gentle satire , however , Darkest Hour is mostly talk , focusing on political negotiations between the faction who wanted to sue for peace and those who wanted to fight ...
`` Darkest Hour '' is a one man show for Oldman . And what a show it is .
Oldman disappears into the role ... and Kristin Scott Thomas is impeccable in showing us Clementine 's elegance and resolve .
Makes you wish we had someone like Churchill to help fight the Nazis this time .
Oldman brings a wicked wit and compassionate heart to the role , one for which he seems almost superhumanly suited for - and that 's really saying something , consider how many great actors have played Churchill .
It 's less effective in crafting a portrait of this man outside of the political and military realm .
Darkest Hour invites viewers inside the heart and mind of a great leader but never really captures his deep rapport with the British people , which turned out to be one of his greatest political assets . Dunkirk takes a more populist approach .
From an historical point of view , there are aspects of Wright 's film one might debate , but , capped by Oldman 's strong performance , it 's one of the better recent films about the great British statesman .
Joe Wright slathers this biopic with self-conscious artistry , but Gary Oldman is terrific as Churchill .
Oldman 's performance , like the film , reveres Churchill but does n't glorify him .
By showing Churchill 's fears and anxieties , Oldman elevates the man from a two-dimensional historical figure to a flawed human being , who mustered the courage to meet a great and grave challenge that could alter the course of history .
Far from being a dry biopic , `` Darkest Hour '' reminds us that some things - such as honor and freedom - are worth fighting for .
As played by -LSB- Gary -RSB- Oldman , Churchill has perhaps never seemed greater . Or more human
Buried under pounds of makeup , puffing cigars as if his life depended on it and railing against the Nazis -LRB- Nazzis in his pronunciation -RRB- at every turn , Oldman is terrific .
The main attraction here is Gary Oldman as Churchill . As an act of physical transformation and emotional expression , it 's something close to supernatural .
`` Darkest Hour '' pulls from both extremes of Oldman 's prodigious but often unexploited skill set , the subtlety as well as the flamboyance .
As a portrait of leadership at its most brilliant , thoughtful and morally courageous , `` Darkest Hour '' is the movie we need right now .
`` Darkest Hour '' is a persuasive window into history , and so arresting in its portrait of one of the 20th century 's most important leaders that every minute of it is absorbing .
`` Darkest Hour '' is good , glib entertainment .
Director Wright , a renowned maker of Oscar bait -LRB- Atonement , Pride and Prejudice -RRB- , coats the action in the hazy ochre tint that spells H-I-S-T-O-R-Y , but it 's Winnie we want .
There has n't been a historical figure this convincing and meticulously brought to life since Daniel Day-Lewis put on the iconic black top hat to play Abraham Lincoln
Nimble Brit director Joe Wright arrives again ; it seems like he 's always arriving every couple of years , every other film announcing himself as a bold maker of thumping entertainments , who alternates precise , startling work with fancies that fail .
Suitably stylish , emerging as a career-defining Oscar vehicle for Gary Oldman .
Churchill 's darkest hour is Gary Oldman 's finest . Gripping , touching , amusing and enlightening , his performance is the prime reason this film must be seen - but not the only one .
Mr. Oldman 's interpretations of the great man 's speeches elevate this film ...
In every aspect , Oldman proves a charismatic draw .
A stirring but flawed World War II film .
Now it 's Churchill 's turn to be shrunken down to a more manageable size .
Oldman is quite special , nevertheless . It 's a performance that 's as technically astonishing as it is , simply , fun to watch .
`` Darkest Hour 's '' greatest achievement is reminding us how different the world almost was but for one man 's ability to lead others to fight against fascism .
While `` Darkest Hour '' is a showcase for Oldman 's incredible performance , Wright 's aesthetic visually transports the viewer , the images heavy with subtext and meaning .
It is always Gary Oldman 's phenomenal performance that keeps the film airborne .
Were Darkest Hour just a symphony of World War II nostalgia , it 'd probably still be a good watch . But because the film makes the effort to go deeper , it becomes something much more memorable .
How badly we need another Winston Churchill film is open to question . Nonetheless , Joe Wright 's contribution to the genre is welcome , largely because of Gary Oldman in the leading role .
It is not a bad movie , or even a mediocre one . And yet it 's an impossible film to get all that worked up about , because it seems to exist solely so we can all weightily exhale over how much Gary Oldman has Disappeared Into His Role .
`` Darkest Hour '' is a by-the-books biopic anchored by a towering performance .
The film as a whole is a bit flawed , but when you put such a glorious piece of acting into the recreation of a captivating piece of history , it 's hard to go too far wrong .
Gary Oldman delivers a career-defining performance as British Prime Minister Winston Churchill in Darkest Hour .
Pure Hollywood Poppycock . The War Cabinet , including Chamberlain , was almost totally behind Churchill and opposed to Lord Halifax 's desire to sue for peace , not the contrary shown in this movie . This entire movie is fiction , and shame on it for that .
The movie has sweeping cinematic texture , expressed in Wright 's affinity for long takes .
Too bad that , for all of its political savvy and recently unearthed details , the movie built around this magnificent performance gets corny and cutesy with dispiriting regularity .
What distinguishes Darkest Hour is that it 's a film based on words : the three famous speeches Britain 's prime minister rallied the world with in 1940 .
There is definitely greatness in the way Oldman takes a role that has already been played by so many actors , and makes it utterly his own . Do n't bet against him flashing that ' V For Victory ' sign on Oscar night .
Darkest Hour is a stirring film and an entertaining one , and it feels inspiring at the end of a trying year .
The film itself may skirt stodginess , but Oldman , who has played everyone from Sid Vicious to Ludwig van Beethoven to Lee Harvey Oswald , never does . -LRB- The extraordinary makeup job is courtesy of Kazuhiro Tsuji . -RRB-
Mild but talky look at Churchill 's early days in power .
An immensely important time period , but -LSB- one that -RSB- also succeeds in feeling tremendously relevant .
The transformation makeup artist Kazuhiro Tsuji and Oldman achieved in this film is mind-blowing .
While Gary Oldman 's phenomenal work as Winston Churchill had been heralded in advance , it is astonishingly equaled by the film 's achievements in direction , screenwriting , score and cinematography .
The movie does n't quite extract blood , sweat , or tears , even if it does toil .
Oldman ... seizes upon the role of Winston Churchill the way an old bulldog takes hold of a lamb bone . He gets his teeth into it . He shakes it about . And he will absolutely not let go until he 's gotten every bit of marrow out of it .
Hidden behind resplendent latex jowls , Gary Oldman plays Churchill as a stout-hearted but deliberative man who 's willing to paddle against the political tide , but does n't arrive at his confidence easily .
This ambitious film takes what we know as history and captures the immediacy and uncertainty of that fateful period . But the real strength ofDarkest Hour-and the reason it must be seen-is Gary Oldman .
Oldman 's portrayal of Churchill is that much more forceful and convincing , thus he should be the front-runner come Oscar season for Best Actor .
Did the world really need yet another version of Winston Churchill 's first few days in office ? With Gary Oldman portraying the crusty Prime Minister , the answer is yes .
Darkest Hour is more challenging and even more revelatory than run-of-the-mill awards-season releases .
Hello , Oscar ! Gary Oldman gives the performance of the year as Winston Churchill in director Joe Wright 's rip-roaring take on the celebrated Prime Minister 's first tumultuous month in office .
Gary Oldman gives an impeccable performance as Winston Churchill in a gorgeously photographed , suspenseful World War II film that suffers from too much hero worship .
I do n't think we 'll ever see anyone else do Churchill this well again unless the man himself comes back from the dead .
Oldman 's brassy presentation goes well beyond a collection of mannerisms . It gives us a sense of a flesh and blood person behind the bulldog-fierce political leader who presided over his country 's celebrated World War II resistance .
`` Darkest Hour '' is proud of its hero , proud of itself and proud to have come down on the right side of history nearly 80 years after the fact . It wants you to share that pride , and to claim a share of it . But we have nothing to be proud of .
Gary Oldman should probably skip past Oscar talk and jump directly to knighthood for Darkest Hour , a screen portrait of Churchill against which all others will be measured .
All the political infighting and wartime drama is just window dressing for Oldman 's performance as Churchill , and it 's one for the books .
The film has a crisp British comportment-a dutiful , cheerio resolve-that serves it quite well .
Darkest Hour is fine , but forgettable . You can feel the filmmaker 's fear of failure in every bog-standard biopic scene .
Oldman 's leonine prowling satisfies as statesman theater , even if there are scenes that too easily tip toward mythic silliness .
It 's a rousing wiki-deep summary of the gist of Winston Churchill 's first month in power , from his assumption of the office of prime minister to his delivery of the second most famous to-arms speech in British history .
Few actors put their blood , toil , sweat and tears into a role like Gary Oldman .
... a film predicated on dialogue and performance , and in those areas it delivers completely .
... a lukewarm academic final result . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The performance is a marvel , not merely leaping over what could have been a stunt , but deepening into a soulful portrayal of wartime leadership , tinged with ego , doubt and the demands of a terrible moment .
Polished Oscar bait with an award-worthy performance by Gary Oldman .
Gary Oldman has n't done a deep dive into a character for years , but he makes up for lost time with a spectacular performance as British Prime Minister Winston Churchill , rousing the country to fight the Nazis against all odds at the start of World War II .
Oldman immerses himself so deeply in the role that the actor disappears .
The cast often transcends the hokum of the screenplay .
... a handy political strategy companion piece to the more abstracted combat narrative of ` Dunkirk . '
Oldman has disappeared into roles before - from Dracula and Beethoven to Sid Vicious and Lee Harvey Oswald - but never so wholly and superbly as in director Joe Wright 's Darkest Hour .
The details are n't as important as the grand sweep , and these historical figures are tools to illustrate big , fat human themes of perseverance and identity .
Darkest Hour is a worthy companion to Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk because it reveals how difficult it was for the politicians to engineer the earlier film 's valiant rescue .
Darkest Hour runs the risk of falling into standard historical drama territory , but Wright and screenwriter Anthony McCarten work hard to avoid that stigma .
It 's hard to say the star does n't deserve an award , but it 's easy to state that little else about the movie does .
Rousing , riveting and triumphant , this portrait of a hero is electrifying in terms of the genre and the awards season rush .
It 's unafraid to indulge in cinema 's ability to create these fantastical scenarios .
The new movie about Winston Churchill 's rise to leadership in World War II could actually be a prequel to this summer 's Dunkirk . It is about the decisions made that led to Operation Dynamo . It could even be a bigger Dunkirk Cinematic Universe .
Though Wright directs only a few scenes of pure melodrama , his interpretation of Churchill 's character visualized through all the man 's hesitations and doubts , may be the most authentic yet portrayed on film .
Gary Oldman has given us his gift to cinema with his effulgent interpretation of one of history 's most complex political figures .
How better to locate such counterintuitive heroics than through a retroactive contextualizing of Churchill as a least-likely-to-succeed buffoon -LRB- albeit with a gift for rhetoric -RRB- ? Cue Gary Oldman as Oscar bait .
This film wo n't have as much longevity as Churchill 's immortal speeches , despite the fact that many viewers will likely laud Oldman as the definitive Churchill .
There are many corridors that the film could have explored to flesh out the contradictions that informed its subject , but they 're kept out of view , all the better to reinforce an image that 's been solidly in place for 70 years .
When presenting a biopic of such a famed figure , you hope to leave having learnt something new about them , and yet here we seem to be treading over familiar ground , albeit in a rather entertaining way .
But the one reason to see the movie is Gary Oldman , whose embodies Churchill in a staggering performance , one that ranges from the mumbled nuance of a dithering alcoholic to the towering rhetoric of a supernatural statesman .
Darkest Hour showcases a performance by Gary Oldman that is so good , you 'll often forget you 're watching an actor working from a script .
It is a staggering misstep in a film that does not trust the power of the unvarnished story of Churchill 's premiership .
Jowly , bald and portly , -LSB- Oldman -RSB- matches all the familiar physical characteristics of Churchill with an expert approximation of his vocal mannerisms from an alcohol-slurred splutter to the spellbinding rhetoric that inspired a nation at war .
Gary Oldman has never been better and he can consider himself the winner of that Oscar because I highly doubt there will be a better performance this year .
Wright 's staging is often eye-catching , guaranteeing that the film remains unflaggingly watchable even in its plodding stretches .
An urgent retelling of a pivotal moment in world history .
Darkest Hour is a study of age and power , and the achieving and decline of both .
Gary Oldman has already locked up the Best Actor statue .
Darkest Hour is a timely film , then , a call to arms from the Brits to the Yanks again that the bad guys are actively plotting the end of the world and is n't it time America did something . Is n't it ?
There 's a living , breathing soul at underneath all that makeup , at the center of all those tics , and Oldman makes him fascinating to watch .
An acting exercise weighed down by costumes , make-up , and over-lighting that has a few things to say about the backbone of a great world leader but nothing you have n't really heard before .
Gary Oldman carries off a tremendous performance here , and it 's impossible not to enjoy it .
The magnificent clutter of Buckingham Palace or the swirling staircases of Whitehall begin to read like empty gestures in film that , for all that Oldman soldiers away at it , can not make Churchill 's dilemma dramatic .
Darkest Hour will be known and remembered as Oldman 's show .
Like its central character , Darkest Hour has `` mobilised the English language and sent it into battle . ''
The film is far less ostentatious than Joe Wright 's previous works , rather leaving all the showboating to the worst performance of Gary Oldman 's career , a Winston Churchill impression that plays out like a procession of award show clips .
It 's a rousing , engaging chronicle of British politics , and also a surprisingly moving story about great leadership .
It feels alive and fresh -- the kind of cinema that does n't waste a second .
The MVP here , the one person who 's able to hold the movie together despite all the dodgy bits in its latter half , is composer Dario Marianelli ... his score for Darkest Hour is a rare thing of beauty .
Balances the great orator 's public triumphs with more vulnerable private moments of self-doubt , elevating the inner workings of British government into a compelling piece of populist entertainment .
A snappy and straightforward crowd-pleaser that focuses on new Prime Minister Winston Churchill 's mighty efforts to rise to the occasion of rescuing his country from the appeasers and defeatists in Parliament and stirring the public to defiance of Hitler .
Few would argue that Gary Oldman is n't one of the finest actors of his generation , but this is a tour de force portrayal that will define his body of work for decades to come .

@highlight

Darkest Hour is held together by Gary Oldman 's electrifying performance , which brings Winston Churchill to life even when the movie 's narrative falters .