If you are n't concerned with the E.T. comparisons and are just looking for something to see at the theater with all the kids , `` Earth to Echo '' will do the job a lot better than most of today 's nonanimated options .
Earth to Echo will appeal to the nostalgia of older kids who appreciate a good coming-of-age romp , parents looking for movies that eschew most of the usual stereotypes of teens on film , and the average YouTuber and tween .
Whenever Echo is sticking to the kids and their camaraderie , it mostly works as intended .
Clichéd and predictable it may all be , there is no denying the infectious quality of pure optimism .
The mildewed found-footage technique allows some tension to build from offscreen action , but also renders the knockoff John Williams score inexplicable .
Sad to say it is not even this generation 's ` Short Circuit . ' Families deserve much better entertainment at the movie theater , summer or otherwise .
All in all , `` Earth to Echo '' is passable family entertainment , neither unforgettable nor particularly bad .
It has a good young cast , some occasionally dazzling special effects and a message that even when growing friends grow move apart it 's not the end of their own little world .
Earth to Echo wo n't wallop young viewers , but I would n't be surprised if kids who catch this at the right age are utterly captivated .
A Spielbergian adventure flick targeted at tweens who tweet , this is an intermittently interesting tale about three kids who , mainly , discover that technology is even more really , really awesome and cool than any of us earthlings ever thought .
Audiences who like to imagine that they could make a better film themselves may well , in this instance , be correct .
Worth seeing for those who have n't seen it all before .
If ` ET meets The Goonies ' sounds good to you , you 'll love it .
As a whole it 's a headache-inducing ordeal which might , hopefully , put an end to ` found footage ' as a sub-genre .
... has its heart in the right place with its wholesome depiction of childhood friendships , yet as an adventure with its roots in outer space , the film somehow never takes flight .
If you distilled this not intolerable film into a bottle , you could happily market it is as Essence of Spielberg .
Aside from some heavy-handed philosophising about how distance does n't dilute friendship , this is a superior junior sci-fi yarn .
This cutesy E.T.-like sci-fi drama is utterly undermined by its own shooting style .
A sentimental , lightweight yarn .
It is a smart , visually dynamic film , but audiences may miss Spielberg 's wonderment .
The cast do a fine job carrying the movie on their young shoulders , and navigate the rather unnecessary soapy story strands - one character has some tedious abandonment issues - with aplomb .
This kind of magpie filmmaking can work with a sincere core , but the big problem is that Earth to Echo lacks one . It 's all spare parts .
An inoffensive time-passer for youngsters , but adult genre fans who recall the 80s classics it draws on - E.T. and The Goonies - will be bored .
Does for E.T. what Super 8 did for Close Encounters . As lovably '80s as Reece 's Pieces and pop socks .
Whether it was trying to copy or pay homage to the Spielberg sentimental fave , it missed the mark by light-years .
Earth to Echo gently reminds us that sometimes it feels good to just feel good .
You can imagine ET phoning his legal team , but although this kids ' sci-fi adventure is derivative , its characters are drawn with more care and insight than you 'd expect .
The comparisons with E.T. do n't serve it particularly well -- this does n't carry a fraction of that film 's emotional weight .
Echo is pretty cute - it looks like a robo-owl and sounds like a Furby - but his film still feels like an echo of classic Steven Spielberg material , done cheaper , not better .
The cast of unknowns are charismatic enough ... and the glitzy FX are surprisingly impressive .
Every characterization seems to have been imported without change from the Big Book of Kids ' Adventure Movie Templates .
If the movie is a waste , at least it 's an instructive one , signaling just how offensive children 's entertainment might become in the YouTube era .
Grownups and geeks may fixate on how much the movie borrows from Spielberg and others , but kids likely wo n't catch any of it -- and likely wo n't care .
While I was watching `` Earth to Echo , '' I remembered back to when I was 11 . It was a time when I was satisfied with watching live-action and animated ` family ' fare , decades before ` Explorers , ' ` E.T. ' and ` Close Encounters of the Third Kind . '
Combining some classic plot movements and plenty of modern trappings -LRB- just , like , a lot of cell phones -RRB- , Earth to Echo is a sweet family film that has something for everyone .
Unlike the very successful Spanish horror thriller -LSB- Rec -RSB- or even the nausea-inducing Cloverfield , which Echo more closely resembles , this film does n't maintain a consistent point of view or any logic about what 's on screen .
It does not reveal too much to say that road leads to something otherworldly , and that the something otherworldly is kind of cute . But considering the whole story rests on it , it 's also not all that much to phone home about .
Surprisingly elegiac right out of the gate , these early scenes give the movie its affectionate foundation while simultaneously revealing the filmmakers ' keen eye for casting
Earth to Echo is n't just a remake of Steven Spielberg 's `` phone home '' story , but a complete tour of memory lane -- and a rather sad one at that .
There could have been more of the cute creature .
With authentic characters , dialogue and settings , Echo 's filmmakers have successfully created a story younger kids and pre-teens growing up in a Millennial and post-Millennial culture can relate to .
It ends up a close encounters of the mundane kind .
Spielberg 's E.T. , so ugly it was cute , was also full of personality . Echo is adorable and forgettable , and the rest of the characters are simply plot holders in a narrative contraption that generates jeopardy-raising obstacles to Echo going home .
What 's next ? A found-footage animated feature ? A found-footage porn flick ? A found-footage State of the Union address ?
The tagline is that no one will believe our story . They 're right because the story is so dumb it ca n't be believed even by the most gullible .
The boys ' charm and camaraderie make the movie 's more formulaic moments go down easier .
By the time Echo appears -LRB- in what basically amounts to a bit role - he 's barely in the film -RRB- , our incentive to care has been sundered .
The movie 's wholesale lack of invention includes a plot and characters that parallel 2011 's much better sci-fi kids adventure , `` Super 8 . ''
Earthling to Echo . No kid on any planet is going to like this one .
A fresh-yet-familiar sci-fi adventure for adolescents that 's not as good as it could 've been , but still delivers a solid good time , nonetheless .
If you 're going to update E.T. for a new generation of kids , you might as well go all in . Dave Green 's Earth To Echo goes all in .
It gives its lasting power to its young cast and trusts them to do the right thing . Aliens come and go , promises the movie , but the kids will be all right .
Kids may not realize how blandly derivative Earth to Echo is , but their parents , at least , should know better .
Hey , E.T. It 's us , the Gooonies . Can you come out to play ?
Sweet , if shameless update of Steven Spielberg 's ` E.T. , ' filled with wonder and adventure .
... Whatever it takes to endow ordinary youngster stuff ... with enough magic and meaning to make the Kids of Today believe that they can in fact , as the film puts it , ` do anything . '
` Earth to Echo ' just inoffensively drifts by ; perfectly living up to its namesake as a faint reverberation of something more significant that quickly fades away .
The storyline of Earth to Echo may seem familiar , but do n't let that stop your kids from enjoying this sweet , child-driven adventure .
Adults may walk out of this movie with a craving for Reese 's Pieces .
Savvily , and perhaps cynically , seeks to be the first to surf what I fear will be the new cinematic language : automatic Google Glass .
The thumbs down comes reluctantly , and had audience motion sickness not gotten involved , it might have done much better for itself .
A gentler , tech-savvier E.T. for today 's kids .
An E.T. knockoff for the 21st century . ... But Echo has something `` E.T. '' did n't : YouTube .
Earth to Echo is a simple , sentimental tribute to the glory days of '80s kid movies , but the adventure 's derailed by the rigid qualities of found footage packaging .
Sure , Echo is no Wall-E or Number 5 , but Green 's latest childhood sci-fi piece holds a much more heartfelt story than it lets on - found footage and all .
The movie 's continually reiterated theme of lasting friendship is unlikely to affect even the most impressionable young viewers ...
First , the script is dumb .
There is a great deal of heart in the story by Henry Gayden and Andrew Panay and first time feature helmer Dave Green does a decent job in bringing that story to the screen .
Despite the shaky-cam aesthetic , Dave Green 's first feature still makes for a brisk , appealing adventure capably anchored by four young actors .
Some cute moments with the likable leads , but it 's just too flimsy overall .
Nicely performed by its young cast and features motivations that tease a compelling mystery to come . It eventually falls apart under scrutiny , but its target demographic should get a kick out of it .
Earth to Echo is a shame-free replication -LRB- or homage -RRB- to E.T. and Chronicle , but mainly hits home with its universal worry : What happens when best teen buds are forced to separate ?
A digital remastering of E.T. for the smartphone social-media kinderkultur .
Pretends its story about kids who stumble across an extraterrestrial who just wants to go home is as original as its poster of a finger pointing at an alien .
Earth to Echo has just enough teen angst to toughen up its adorability and to temper its predictability . It 's a simplistic movie , but there 's a darkness to it .
Throw in the blaring lack of story originality , underused magic and charm , and the barf-inducing shaky-cam , and `` Earth to Echo '' ca n't help but come off as an unfortunate missed opportunity . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
`` Earth to Echo '' is a flimsy excuse for a tribute to number 25 on AFI 's 100 Years 100 Movies List .
As annoying a movie as I 've ever seen . Evidently the statute of limitations on movie rip-offs has elapsed , since `` E.T. '' was first released in 1982 .
Imitation should be flattering , not flattening .
It 's a movie that acknowledges cynicism , but shows a more hopeful path . It 's hard to get too down on a movie like that , even a mediocre one .
Charmless and visually oppressive , it only serves to highlight the superiority of the movies it 's so crudely copying .
For those viewers who measure their ages in single digits , this will prove to be one of the best films of the summer .
`` Earth to Echo '' recalls - but does n't live up to - films like `` Super 8 '' and `` Stand By Me , '' stories of youth , innocence and the Summer That Changed Everything .
At least the title is honest . The whole movie 's an echo - of something better and far more original , now bounced back at us , more and more quietly , until it finally fades away .
Sure , Earth to Echo is derivative , but it 's refreshingly updated . Echo , I.M. home .
A sci-fi adventure with more interest in the truths of being thirteen years old than in its otherworldly storyline , the project 's sincerest moments are not surprisingly skewed toward the former coming-of-age material .
Earth to Echo is repetitive , bland , and irresponsible -LRB- And you boys are grounded -RRB- .
The likeable kids , cute alien , and novelty of the found footage approach makes this heartwarming story of four friends on a thrilling adventure a good film for families .
This derivative mash up has one shining light . And it is n't the glowy-eyed bot that 's supposed to charm the kiddies .
`` Echo '' frustratingly short-circuits its young protagonists ' self-determination . Along with the odds of us caring about anything they do .
On its own modest terms , the alien adventure `` Earth to Echo '' is a lively and likable knockoff that should divert , if not exactly enthrall , tweens and young teens .
A chipper , shallow knockoff of classic suburban adventure movies ...
It 's nothing if not derivative , feeling like E.T. meets Goonies meets the iPhone generation . But there are worse movies to be compared to than those two modern classics .
This family entertainment may seem all too familiar to parents , but even they should enjoy the performances of its engaging young stars .
Despite its flaws and recycled parts , `` Earth to Echo '' is engaging enough to impress pre-teen audiences and nostalgic enough to please their parents .
The movie feels less like a weak `` E.T. '' than a substandard `` Mac and Me . ''
The young cast 's interaction is terrific . You might come for the turn-on-your-heartlight riff , but you 'll stay for the connection the boys share .
Almost anything 's possible if you stick with your friends , work together and remember how to get home . A nice message , in any decade .
a genuine attempt to bring fun and wonder back to the kid flick
Every generation deserves its own visiting extra-terrestrial .
It 's as if there 's a barrier between the viewer and the story that never comes down .
There is a whole lot of echoing going on in the screenplay .
The movie tracks `` E.T. '' so closely ... that you can almost hear the legal ice cracking beneath the children 's bicycle tires .
Impressively cinematic , with lush camerawork bolstering its superbly structured story and cast of charming characters .
-LSB- Their break-up by a big move -RSB- sits in the back of the mind , hovering over the proceedings , which increasingly seem like a big distraction - one last score before they inevitably drift away from each other .
This is a sweet little movie . It may not be mind-blowing or even thought-provoking , but it is near impossible to not be taken in by little Echo and his group of human friends .
This brazen summoning of ghosts of Spielberg movies past might have worked if director Dave Green ... had the classic technical chops to pull it off .
With so few kid-friendly movies on the summer slate , Earth to Echo offers a heartfelt and often comic adventure . For that , some copycatting can be forgiven .
The constant foregrounding of so much well-executed incident only works to shortchange the heroes ' yearnings and anxieties .
The moviemakers tell us there 's a bond between these characters , but they do n't really show us . Nor do Green and Gayden give us many moments that we 'll remember .
Even at a cramped and frenetic 82 minutes , the movie feels long . That 's what happens when the audience can guess everything that 's going to happen in advance .
It does n't come close to being the next `` E.T. , '' but it does pack enough spirit and fun to make it a worthwhile knockoff .
An ` E.T. ' knockoff that works .
Full of heart and framed around a fun adventure with a lovable little alien , Earth to Echo should appeal to adults and kids alike .
`` Earth To Echo '' is a little big big and broad , but that 's also part of its charm .
An unapologetic retread bordering on plagiarism that nevertheless provides the perfect , popcorn summer escape for the tyke and ` tweener demographics .
At least Earth to Echo was smart enough to imitate the very best .
Despite all those echoes of classic '80s sci-fi fantasy adventures , Earth to Echo proves engaging in its own right .
Green wears his '80s - era Amblin inspirations on his sleeve in this good-hearted `` E.T. '' - meets - `` Chronicle '' hybrid , which never quite finds its own voice .
While the plot leads to a few moments that briefly test the bonds between the three friends there is n't enough real peril to produce a significant dramatic arc .

@highlight

Earth to Echo does n't do itself any favors by beggaring comparison to E.T. , but for younger viewers , it should prove a reasonably entertaining diversion .