Would I recommend the film ? Not for a movie theater price tag . When it arrives on your favorite cable or streaming service though , turn off your brain and indulge guilt-free .
Den of Thieves is n't a great film , but it feels like Butler 's performance should be celebrated .
We get to see Gerard Butler in a form we have n't for a long time . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite his touches of urban western , the movie is inflated to the point of swelling ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- The -RSB- script is full of licenses and holes to justify its topics . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The directorial debut of -LSB- Christian -RSB- Gudegast aspires to the greatness of Heat , and although it is light years away ... we breathe easy knowing that the already confirmed sequel is in good hands . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not original , but it 's well executed . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a TV movie that somehow made it to the big screen . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... and entertaining cop movie , an exercise in action and suspense that could 've been better if Gudegast had removed some of the `` fat '' to the story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hardcore action fans might find enough to satiate their desire for tricky gunplay and explosive violence in this gritty heist thriller , but the story has too many holes to appeal to anyone else .
A mediocre urban thriller .
... a very good action film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a snitch , there 's a lot of action , there 's a robbery of an armored truck at the beginning that is shot with skill ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Were it not for the relatively exciting heist and the thrilling gun battle that finishes it , Den of Thieves would be a very bad film . Instead , it flounders just below the average mark .
... production could have saved that money . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Gudegest 's failed character studies come at the expense of pacing , needlessly extending a potentially fun 90-minute flick into a bloated , self-regarding 140 -- extra time for the audience to notice the increasingly ludicrous plotholes .
Butler and Schreiber deliver commanding performances . They are men who could explode at any moment , at work or at home . That nonstop ticking beneath their calm exteriors fills the film with a gripping tension .
This is a purely expendable diversion , one with precisely zero significant factors to warrant any form of genuine or ironic recommendations , seeing this generic bank heist film delivers the same response as not watching it .
O'Shea Jackson steals the show in ` Den of Thieves . '
This movie might have been a fun , stylish homage to everyone 's favourite hardboiled L.A. action-thrillers , but for -LSB- Christian -RSB- Gudegast 's clumsy , overcompensating fetishisation of masculinity .
If you 're looking for a diversion , you like more gun-play than word-play , and appreciate exotic dancers more than exotic locales in your movies , then Heat , er , Den of Thieves may be just what you 're looking for .
Great action , palpable tension , a solid performance and even a heist film twist ending ; Den Of Thieves delivers a lot for your average action flick .
Den of Thieves is an okay shoot - 'em - up that is knee-capped by its overindulgent run time .
Den of Thieves desperately wants to be Heat or The Killer when it grows up . Instead it 's a daft , distant , drunken cousin to those pictures , but if you studiously avoid thinking about it , you can at least enjoy its moronic antics .
Lord alone knows why the plot 's weaker bits had to be quite so sluggish , or why the leading cop , played by Gerard Butler , had to be a charmless meathead .
Derivative , nasty and at least half an hour too long , it 's one of the worst films you 'll see all year .
Entertaining enough as it passes by but you do n't believe a word of it .
With barely a quiet moment anywhere and an above-average plot , this lark is a highly entertaining guy movie . Whether females will enjoy it , however , will depend on their tolerance for a two-hour crime movie that has but a handful of women in it .
The end result is a mess of elements that overstay their welcome , and a central caper that loses momentum .
A shoddy riff on Michael Mann 's Heat , this misbegotten mess does n't even bother to acknowledge the 1995 crime classic .
Though it is Gerard Butler who may pull in the crowd , Pablo Schreiber makes his presence felt the most and ends up making an impression .
It 's competent enough , but depressingly familiar stuff .
The film 's sole virtue is its finale - a complicated plot twist that sparks a belated , and brief , surge of interest .
I could n't help but enjoy myself in the theater .
There are a few tricks and tropes that are n't quite what you 're expecting into the final act here , but in order to get to them you need to trudge through oodles of potty-mouthed he-man nonsense and characters who you 'd cross the street to avoid .
Slick and solid in moments , Den Of Thieves disappoints with its reliance on easy plotting and gruff , overcooked acting . One for Butler completists only .
It relies so heavily on so many things we 've already seen before you have to wonder why they bothered in the first place .
Just when you were about to brace yourself for your bi-annual abusive appointment with Gerard Butler , he went and did the best thing he 's done in years .
Lethal Weapon meets Heat meets an unintentional Tropic Thunder-style parody in a straight-faced cop movie that begins with fabulous verve and energy before descending into giggle-inducing macho clichés .
It 's tedious stuff , and the elaborate , drawn-out bank robbery plot does n't make a lot of sense , especially when it tries to pull off a final twist straight out of The Usual Suspects .
A long , loud , logistical crime caper that curdles ...
Surprisingly , Den of Thieves is a lot better than the hopelessly generic title suggests , and I ended up enjoying it , despite my aversion to monosyllabic gym bunny blam-blam .
It often resembles a men 's rights bonding weekend more than it does a movie .
... a pretty forgettable example of the form .
It 's hard to think of any recent thriller as derivative as Den Of Thieves .
While there are plenty of ear-shattering shootouts and bone-breaking fight scenes to give hardcore action fans the rush they demand , there is also a twisty , turny story and many well-defined characters to delve into if the mood takes you .
Gerard Butler , as a ruthless LA County sheriff in Den of Thieves , is hard-drinking , hard-swearing and hard-living . As Mae West said , a hard man is good to find .
It 's proficiently put together but decidedly derivative , right down to the Usual Suspects-esque twist ending .
The best thing that I can ultimately say about Den of Thieves is that it 's a missed opportunity .
It 's all testosterone-fueled swagger and tough-guy posturing , without much meaningful character development as the lines blur between heroes and villains .
The ending is awful . It 's so silly , and unnecessary .
Watching the gang and actually the genius of the gang implementing their various plans was one of the appeals to the movie to me .
I suppose Gudegast seeks to give credence to the notion that there 's no honor among thieves , but if that 's truly the case and point he wants to make , he could have done so with a bit more efficiency .
Bulked-up men firing automatic weapons at each other will always appeal to some viewers , but Den 's running time of two hours and 20 minutes is way too long .
An erratic yet ultimately rewarding actioner ...
Surprisingly engaging and entertaining for a January action movie from a no-name director that stars Gerard Butler .
... needs serious editing to at least take out the irrelevant wife story and to explain the incomprehensible heist better ... Even so , it 's a fun film to watch with excellent tension , and holds your interest throughout .
Enduring the 140 immediately and unswervingly painful minutes inexplicably afforded to `` Den of Thieves '' is like watching a thrill-seeking liquor-store robber get a `` Born to Lose '' chest tattoo in real time .
The cast is a real ensemble with Gerard Butler and Pablo Schreiber first among equals .
Den of Thieves delivers an above-average cops-and-robbers heist film .
a helluva lot of fun , Butler 's most engaging performance in many a moon and a potential breakout for Schreiber .
It wo n't make any ten best lists next year , but as a midwinter entry to rev the engines , it satisfies .
A real movie that never forgets that it 's still playing to a crowd desperately seeking cheap thrills .
`` Den of Thieves '' may not be as moody as `` To Live and Die in L.A. '' or as clever as `` The Usual Suspects , '' but it works well on its own terms . As for Butler , it 's like discovering him all over again .
The loser is the audience for Den of Thieves , an over-the-top crime saga mainly indicating that its writer/director has seen Michael Mann 's Heat too many times .
Den of Thieves is way too derivative of similar motion pictures -LRB- most notably Heat -RRB- and features a script that continually presents the majority of its characters as short-tempered nincompoops .
Despite possessing nary an ounce of originality at any moment as things play out in a quite familiar style , enough of what 's present works . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
You 'd think those -LSB- Gerard Butler and Pablo Schreiber -RSB- would steal the movie . But no , that honor goes to O'Shea Jackson , Jr. , the son of Ice Cube who played his dad in Straight Outta Compton .
Enter the cinema and it will soak you of two hours and 20 minutes of your time , delivered in small , unremarkable scenes . And no insurance policy in the world will ever reimburse you .
-LSB- Gerard -RSB- Butler 's the same bullet-spewing , order-barking bop bag he always plays in Den of Thieves .
`` Den of Thieves '' is an action vehicle that barely moves .
A pretty good , tighter , shorter movie might have been rescued from this dumb , disagreeable behemoth , but nobody bothered .
This gritty Heat-like crime thriller with fabulous cast could be first breakout hit of 2018 .
The most January movie to ever January .
A 30-minute trim would have made the whole enterprise much more recommendable .
At 140 minutes , `` Den of Thieves '' gets too caught up in its own indulgences , and that 's a crime it ca n't escape .
The film falls apart in its numerous implausibilities .
No surprises here , just guilty pleasure entertainment .
Gudegast 's twisty , turny tale of heists and homies is an action-packed romp with a good sense of humor and self-awareness .
-LSB- Butler -RSB- tears into his performance as nasty cop -LRB- well , sheriff -RRB- and lousy husband Nick Flanagan the way Flanagan tears into a crime-scene donut , and crams the screen with a combination of Russell Crowe 's burly menace and Mel Gibson 's manic rage .
Clichés combined with poor dialogue and badly drawn characters that lack dimension bog down the heist movie Den of Thieves , which fails to sustain , or generate , any real tension .
What might have been a slick , smash-mouth , fast-paced piece of entertainment clocking in at 90 or 100 minutes somehow turns into a bloated , half-baked pie that drags on for 2 hours and 20 minutes .
First-time director Christian Gudegast also wrote the film , and you can tell , in the sense that there was clearly no one there to look at the script and say , `` Come on . ''
It 's derivative and drowning in stagnant machismo , but stark enough to work .
This gritty crime drama is so indebted to the work of Michael Mann , it might as well be called Residual Heat .
Den of Thieves displays a reverence for the taut and moody tension-building tactics of Heat , but it 's unable to bring emotional resonance to its action sequences .
Den of Thieves tells a story of generically bad cops and fundamentally bland robbers .
Honestly , if the filmmakers cut out the numerous filler subplots and took a more playful approach , Den of Thieves might have been entertaining .
An efficient , well-plotted heist movie .
Here 's the real crime : Who shot the editor ?
At no point are we invited to care about any of these people .
Gutegast demonstrates some skill in staging action . In a less aspirational movie , that might count for something , but it 's all for naught in a movie where it 's impossible to feel invested in any of its characters .
Although it wants to be a modern-day reworking of the Michael Mann crime classic , this picture fizzles out .
With scenes of Butler bellowing like a wounded bull , Den of Thieves feels like it 's trying to bully you into submission when it 's not boring you .
Desperately wanting to be HEAT for a new testosterone-fueled , aggro-male generation , it utterly fails to do anything remotely exciting or entertaining with the mimeograph .
... is ultimately an eye-opening , hugely enjoyable , and worthy addition to the crime heist genre .
The film is generous with action and twists , even if some do n't track . For January , a month Hollywood reserves for dogs , this is an admirably weird movie .
Den of Thieves is a 90-minute thriller stretched out over a punishing two hours and twenty minutes .
Gudegast is using the Heat homage the way a magician uses a flourish - to distract you from the other story he 's telling . I confess to getting a kick out of watching it play out .
Christian Gudegast lacks Mann 's peerless technique and moral complexity , but for a movie so conspicuously wearing its chief influence on its sleeve , the first-timer employs an appealing , restless energy that gives his homage its own life on screen .
If one is going to remake `` Heat , '' the resulting feature has to be better than `` Heat . ''
A trashy , Tap-Out remake of HEAT , or at least as close as they can get without getting sued .
Gudegast is clearly an avid student of heist pictures , and he layers this one with a lot of spectacular complications even while he muddles the average viewer 's potential rooting interest .
It 's a sidewinding but often suprisingly effective LA crime thriller . It 's also saddled with the wrong leading man .
`` Den of Thieves '' wo n't win any points for originality , but it sure has fun swiping bits and pieces from other movies .
Den of Thieves is a textbook case of the kind of film that gets lost in the January doldrums , and with good reason .
By the end , you 're reminded , once again , why there are so many Michael Mann imitators but so few who are able to burn his influence into something memorable .
There seems to be a school of screenwriting that says the more complicated the scheme , the less attention you 'll pay to plot-holes . They may be right . The plain-spoken version is , `` Bullsh-baffles brains . ''
Bloody-minded and long-winded B-movie thriller , with Butler chewing up his shot at `` Training Day . ''

@highlight

Den of Thieves pays energetic homage to classic heist thrillers of the past ; unfortunately , it never comes close to living up to its obvious inspirations .