From start to finish , this sub-par goof-fest is cobbled together from second-hand ideas and third-rate gags .
Too often falls back on poorly implemented hit or miss crude humor
This group of utterly unfunny , un-pretty groomsmen-weirdos is truly a sight to exorcise out of your mind immediately .
It 's not an awful movie , but neither is it memorable : you 're likely to have forgotten it by the time the next Kevin Hart film hits theaters next month .
Buddy films are hugely popular and this will be too with those who appreciate the fact that the writers Jeremy Garelick and Jay Lavender have not let anything credible get in the way of their screwball comedy which may ring your bell .
The Wedding Ringer is n't innovative , but ultimately it 's a crowd-pleasing movie .
It 's a pleasant experience , if not a revelatory one , and the chance to see a part of the world we 'd otherwise never know .
An incompetent comedy that must have either gone horribly wrong or simply started with a low bar .
Mostly funny but ultimately forgettable .
While I agree studios historically save January to release their not-so-entertaining movies , Hart and Gad make you laugh simply by showing up . Add a moderately funny script , and The Wedding Ringer is a winner
Loudmouth Hart swears copiously , while the tubby Gad gets pitched into a series of undignified scrapes that usually end with damage to his genitals . Laughs , though , are few and far between .
Jeremy Garelick has a clever title and an amusing premise , and the movie benefits from the teaming of Hart and Gad . But the picture suffers from Garelick 's inept direction .
Features a touch-football game on a ripped-up field that spirals into a taunt-fest and slug-fest , the two teams mostly just slinging mud and writhing around in sludge for a while . And the other 90 minutes of this washout is even more of a sloppy slog .
`` The Wedding Ringer '' feels about as forced as a guy shopping for his bride 's wedding gown .
It 's a ridiculous premise exploited poorly , settling instead for plenty of athlete cameos and countless astonished reaction shots .
It manages to offend on so many levels that it 's genuinely remarkable .
` The Wedding Ringer ' leaves its guests at the altar .
The Wedding Ringer simply does n't seem to know what it is - a trashy flick designed to shock or a high-concept comedy about the value of real friendship .
Hart works hard to keep the energy levels high , but though there are intermittent guffaws , charm is in short supply .
Puerile bromance ...
Gad and Hart are decent comic actors and give the crass material their best shot , but their expletive-ridden efforts are not only mostly unfunny , but at times nigh on unwatchable .
A festering pile of fatphobic , homophobic , sexist , grossout garbage in which men are manipulative liars but women are worse .
A charmless , half-hearted combination of Bridesmaids and The Hangover that veers between a sentimental bromance and wacky antics in the worst possible taste .
Hart is a very engaging and likeable comedian but this is only one of a number of absolute stinkers in which he has appeared in recent years .
We 're left with a few life-lesson platitudes and the knowledge to approach the next Kevin Hart vehicle with care .
Principally concerned with the indignities wrought on schlubby Josh Gad 's gonads by , among other elements , chilli and hungry dogs .
An unapologetically silly movie that manages to hit the right notes , this free-wheeling comedy makes up for its corny premise with sharp writing and acting ...
The predictable script lulls you into laughing at some very tired gags , but at least Hart refrains from screaming through the whole thing .
It 's a film swamped with the worst kind of glitzy Hollywood distraction , while the problem at the centre of the story - Doug 's lack of genuine friends - is a subject that The Wedding Ringer 's mirthless razzamatazz completely fails to address .
The plot 's old , the title 's borrowed and the jokes are blue - but there 's nothing remotely new in this wearying bromantic comedy .
`` The Wedding Ringer '' borrows liberally from `` Hitch '' and `` Wedding Crashers '' ... while completely missing what made them worth borrowing from in the first place .
A toxic taint of mistrust and misogyny makes every joke , even the funny ones , land with a jaded thud .
It 's a mix of silly , crass , wild and predictable , but one thing is for sure , Garelick 's debut feature is hare-brain funny
... tries to be both crude and heartfelt , and winds up caught awkwardly in-between .
Screenwriters Jeremy Garelick and Jay Lavender do n't even try to make the premise seem plausible ; rather , they use it as a springboard for screwball complications and verbal humor .
For a moment , the film gives the impression of well-intentioned shagginess . But as The Wedding Ringer progresses full steam ahead , the only daring it shows is in its willingness to offend with ignorance .
The film is so flat and tired it really does n't deserve the vehemence of this review . It 's like chastising a completely airless tire for not rolling .
-LSB- Director Jeremy Garelick -RSB- does n't stray too far from safe , squelchy ground here , but if you enjoy films such as The Hangover trilogy , then this one should go down like that third shot of Jagermeister .
The rest of the film is a mess of mixed messages , perpetuating homophobia and sexism at the same time it critiques them .
A standard , formulaic gross-out bachelor party-type comedy ... has a decent amount of laughs for a Friday night in front of the TV with a pizza , but for $ 20 it 's a bit of a stretch .
I have not been a big supporter of Kevin Hart and expected another 90 mins of his screaming Chris Tucker impression . However , in `` The Wedding Ringer , '' he is quite funny and handles the role very well .
There 's some real emotion at the core of this vulgar comedy that makes for a wholly satisfying raunchy romp .
When the writers run out of ideas , they settle for desperate bad taste : a scene with a dog at a bachelor party is probably the kinkiest thing in any Hollywood comedy since Adam Sandler 's That 's My Boy mounted a qualified defence of paedophilia .
What saves the film are its two leads , who are n't afraid to show their sensitive sides -- along with other parts of themselves .
Fumbling and un-funny ...
Briefly messes with Kevin Hart formula , but more often shoehorns prerequisite celebration scenes and implausible plot turns into Hart 's party mix .
Neither shockingly offensive nor uproariously funny , one of The Wedding Ringer 's biggest faults is its apparent contentment with mediocrity .
Basically a Men 's Rights Activist meme passing itself off as a motion picture .
Never fully embraces its potential as a bawdy frat house comedy , seemingly content to stick with safe , easy jokes and a formulaic plot that wastes the talents of its stars .
Kevin Hart and Josh Gad have great chemistry together in this uneven but funny film .
A symbol of a wedding you have to go to . It 's better than most , and if you are n't afraid to let your hair down and hop on the dance floor , you can have a lot of fun .
In terms of plot , The Wedding Ringer takes all the wrong parts of Hitch and I Love You , Man to create some juvenile hybrid of the two -- a story that could only exist in the mind of a seventh grader .
The razor-sharp Hart and vague , fluffy Gad make an appealing couple . If we ca n't believe these characters could really be friends , we can live for 101 minutes in a world where they do .
The Wedding Ringer feels spat out for people who love Katherine Heigl movies but wish that Eddie Murphy were in her role instead .
Most times , the movie is comfortable with the lowest common denominator , but there are periodic bits that give Gad and Hart room to click .
The movie often plays like a mid-2000s Jennifer Lopez rom-com forced against its will to be a hard-R guy comedy .
This material could have been fashioned around anyone , kind of like a tuxedo that you would rent to wear to a friend 's wedding . It just happens to fit around Hart and Gad better than you might have expected .
The Wedding Ringer is a mixed , but overall enjoyable , dramedy - one that includes a number of laugh-out-loud scenes couched in an often clumsy story .
You 've seen this done before , but you 've never seen it done so poorly .
This is a surprisingly funny flick , folks , with great chemistry between the two leads and a supporting cast of comedic talents that all come to play . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
A mostly disposable , occasionally quite funny bromance distinguished at times by its earnestness .
There are also enough montages that , after a time , you 'll be left convinced that in the brave new world of 2015 there is no more filmmaking , only montage .
Crass comedy swings between gross and better than expected .
Hart rants , Gad fidgets , and together this pair barrels through the plot , shaping between them a surprisingly potent friendship .
Hart himself is his usual affable , amusing self , but if he 's set on becoming a comic actor-as opposed to a pure comic-he has to start prioritizing the scripts over the jokes .
For the first time ever Kevin Hart mellowed out and did n't scream his lines like a chipmunk on amphetamines . It 's an improvement but not enough . I laughed just once .
It 's the kind of comedy that trades character work for purportedly comic situations - at a stuffy rehearsal dinner , grandma catches fire , somebody throws a drink on her , it gets worse and so forth .
If you 're at the multiplex in the middle of the afternoon , and `` The Wedding Ringer '' is the only movie playing at a time that 's convenient , you wo n't be completely miserable . This is not exactly a ringing endorsement , I realize .
This is n't something anyone really needs to buy . It 's OK , it 'll do but - like Hart 's character - it 's strictly a rental .
Unbridled fun ...
Love hurts , but Jeremy Garelick 's The Wedding Ringer is truly painful .
If your children recognize Gad as the voice of Olaf from Frozen , FOR GOD 'S SAKE DO NOT LET THEM SEE THE WEDDING RINGER !!!!! This movie is a bit too R-rated for them .
Hart is laser-focused and in-the-moment , and is consistently better than everything around him . He and Gad have the makings of a Will Smith and Kevin James in `` Hitch '' thing going on , but the script does n't allow them to explore that dynamic .
By the time Jeremy Garelick 's movie gets to the altar , it does hit a groove . But by then , the humor feels like stale champagne .
I almost passed out , hyperventilating after uncontrollable bursts of hyena laughs . It took a full evening 's rest for the ache to dissipate from the belly .
Unless your idea of the ultimate screen comedy is to witness how many different ways a fat guy can fall down in one film , you 're probably better off breaking off this engagement .
For a January comedy it 's got enough laughs to be worth your RSVP .
It 's not great by any means , but it is very entertaining , and as January releases go , it 's a borderline gift to get a movie this enjoyable .
The Wedding Ringer is a soft-hearted bromance , albeit one dotted with moments of surprisingly out-there bad taste .
The Wedding Ringer is imperfect but its imperfections are tolerable because they 're accompanied by a dollop of drama , a measure of laughter , and an oversized helping of Kevin Hart .
The director Jeremy Garelick , who wrote the script with Jay Lavender , takes the shortest route whenever possible , which usually means a gratuitous insult .
Not since Wild Hogs , perhaps , has a comedy so repeatedly insisted that there 's nothing funnier than the thought of two men touching each other .
Too often the filmmakers go for cheap shots .
When a joke does land ... it 's more a matter of luck than of craft .
This ` Wedding ' is by no means a classy affair , but in the post - ` Hangover ' era it 's not the worst comedy to come along .
Squeezes out some weak laughs amid alternating scenes of gross behaviour and sickly sweet male bonding confessionals .
Call it fast food funny business , easily digestible and indistinguishable to the masses
Hart is such a skilled comic - his lightning-fast riffs are almost always funny , even when they 're in the midst of hateful dreck like this - that I ca n't believe he ca n't talk his way into better material .
This big , brash , occasionally clever , but mostly dumb comedy is so gallingly derivative that watching it feels like playing a game of basic-cable bingo .
Sets you up to expect a comedy that 's homophobic but not misogynistic ; that it delivers the opposite counts as a surprise , albeit not an entirely satisfying one .
A movie that 's slightly better than you expect when you watch it on the plane-while being glad you waited to see it until you were killing time , half-asleep .
The premise is n't all bad -- but the execution could use some tweaking . There is simply too much silliness and not enough big laughs .
Hart is a bundle of energy -- so is Gad , for that matter -- and they bring that to their roles with relish .
Whether gleefully treading where fools rush in or subjecting characters to surprising harm for laughs , the thing is funny ; at times very funny .
Ringer is completely abysmal , devoid of even a single shining moment of absurdity .
The idea is to keep the action at a fast pace , overwhelming audiences with zaniness so they ca n't notice that the film is built upon a rotten , crumbling , vaguely hateful core .
Hard as it tries , The Wedding Ringer is spectacularly unfunny .
The whiff of stale leftovers ... hangs over the movie from start to finish .
There are a lot of supporting roles , and it 's telling that none of them are familiar faces . There 's no one to upstage Hart , or even come close .
For all -LSB- its -RSB- assets , `` The Wedding Ringer '' ultimately flattens out in all-too-familiar ways ...
Check your brain at the box office , and motor-mouthed Kevin Hart , surrounded by a talented cast of seasoned comedians , will keep you in stitches for the duration of a decidedly-lowbrow , politically-incorrect misadventure .
Josh Gad 's funniest movie , Kevin Hart 's sweetest .
Ugly , rancid , vile and mean . The level of contempt `` The Wedding Ringer '' shows its characters and audience is inconceivable .
`` One insidious issue with the film though is its repulsive chauvinism . ''

@highlight

Kevin Hart and Josh Gad might be two great comedians that go great together , but there 's little evidence of it on display in The Wedding Ringer .