The joy of Partridge is his capacity for failure , but the only failure here is having cast him as a hero in a -- pause for laughter -- blockbuster with a flimsy script and a cul-de-sac of a premise that sees him backed into a corner .
Give Alan Partridge a chance , even if you 've never heard of him before .
Hopping from small to big screen is a trick few manage . This wisely and bravely keeps it small-scale and local - playing out like a slightly over-stretched TV special rather than a doomed attempt to lap-dance to Hollywood with A Good Day To Die Partridge
The creaky premise of the plot is behind the times by decades , not years .
Steve Coogan , Colm Meaney and the rest of the cast are very good . The plot has enough interesting twists in it to keep the hostage situation from getting stale .
It 's Coogan 's brassy performance that makes this English comedy rock .
Coogan walks that delicate line between being a character you love and a character you love to hate .
As a film , Alan Partridge is too aimless and low on laughs to be worth the 90 minutes .
Does n't hit every target or land every joke , but Steve Coogan 's enthusiasm for the role -- and the project as a whole -- proves infectious .
Makes the transition to the big screen in a form that anybody can enjoy , whether you 're already a fan of the TV sketches or not .
There 's no farce quite as farcical as a British farce .
Partridge is a smidgen less abhorrent here than in previous incarnations , but just a smidgen .
Coogan is on fire in this movie . Consistently , brilliantly funny .
Effectively puts the screws to every dumb , egotistical interviewer from Piers Morgan to Geraldo Rivera .
Only idiocy could possibly ensue . Coogan knows the role inside out , and some of the biggest of the film 's many big laughs come from his full-on physical habitation of the character .
The film gets -LSB- this character -RSB- , and more importantly , so does Coogan , whose lived-in performance ensures that every tic registers in a tangible way ...
`` Alan Partridge '' could have been an expansion of Coogan 's original character concept into the international big time . Thankfully , it 's not .
The movie clips along and pleases its fan base , and it 'll amuse a lot of Partridge newbies as well .
Recommended without hesitation .
Coogan is an old hand at the comedy of fear , envy , and bruised egotism , and the movie is packed with clever gags .
Coogan 's comic timing has never been better , and Meaney is perfectly cast as his friend/foil . The film hums along at a brisk pace , piling one witty absurdity on top of another .
-LSB- Coogan 's -RSB- eponymous feature debut here is very British and very funny . But after making a crackling good impression , Alan Partridge overstays its welcome .
The way Alan feels on the outside is the way a lot of people feel at their most vulnerable . And so we watch him and recognize him , and then cringe and wish him luck .
After making a crackling good impression , Alan Partridge overstays its welcome to a harrowing extent .
The movie feels like a succession of sketch ideas - but it 's a good platform for Partridge 's blend of awkward patter , narcissism and utter cravenness .
A larky if sketchily schematic attempt to see if the self-adoring DJ has the chops to carry his own feature film .
One of the great things Coogan does with his ambitious , self-absorbed , offensive , cowardly and not-as-bright-as-he-thinks-he-is character is make him capable of guilt and regret , always keeping us holding out for his redemption .
Ron Burgundy , eat your heart out .
There is a distinct pleasure in watching a rising star make a cad of himself .
Is it funny to people -LRB- such as myself -RRB- who have never watched a minute of Partridge until now ? Yes .
Steve Coogan 's hilariously acidic creation , the buffoonish radio host Alan Partridge , is finally back . And like so many reunions , this one starts off all smiles and quickly grows tiresome .
It 's funny stuff , to be sure , but do n't be surprised if you find yourself checking the time whenever the actual plot kicks in .
It 's a flurry of good gags and bad . The good ones are worth sitting around for .
The snappy film has the sense not to resort to action-thriller formula when it takes its main character out of his usual element .
Over time , we become comfortable with Alan Partridge 's panic . His seeming inability to do anything right provides a wellspring of witty weirdness .
Even if you have n't seen any `` Alan Partridge '' shows , you 'll be able to pick up the thread of this one right away . And you may be pleasantly surprised ...
A blithe , off-the-wall comedy that 's partly a commentary on our changing media landscape and partly a chance to watch Partridge fumble his way into the spotlight , where he so longs to be .
Alan Partridge meanders a bit while searching for an elusive narrative conclusion , but it always remains in tune with the skillful zaniness that is its signature .
`` Alan Partridge '' plays to all of Coogan 's strengths and all of the character 's foibles .
He manages , just barely , to keep the project from going soft , and to keep us perched between finding Alan Partridge unbearable and admitting that we kind of enjoy his company .
It 's a silly comedy and Alan 's a petty egomaniac , but Coogan is a hoot as he skewers regional British radio and sends up conceited fools .
A slaphappy farce based on the character Coogan has been doing for decades on British radio and TV .
Clear your calendar . There 's no better time to get to know a character so obnoxiously stubborn that not even his own creator can shake him .
-LSB- Alan Partridge 's -RSB- first screen vehicle is a mixed bag of jokes either dazzling or clumsy , all tied to a hostage crisis some viewers here might find off-putting .
Director Declan Lowney does an admirable job making a confined film look cinematic without overblowing it into action-comedy mode .
Proves too much of a sketch-comedy creation to sustain a film .
Even if you 're meeting Alan for the first time , you 'll quickly figure out why he 's so hilariously loathsome .
If it gets anyone to plow through the extensive , even better Partridge back catalogue , then it did its noble job .
Even audiences who 've never heard of Alan Partridge -LRB- although they should have -RRB- will get a lot of laughs out of this .
The story is a familiar one of corporate takeovers and the sacking of longtime employees , but with a welcome , biting surprise , all filmed with the carpet-store flatness that is Coogan 's element ...
The jokes are silly , smart and everything in between ... a fine idiocy , but done with a touch that is alternately hilariously deadpan and outlandishly stupid .
Sharply scripted character comedy meets shotgun siege thriller .
Considering how hilarious the feature is , with a terrific wit , interest in silliness , and laudable speed , it 's a crime that it took this long for Partridge and his narcissistic antics to invade the states .
Britain 's funniest comedian proves adept at physical humor as well as verbal in a film based on a fictional character shown in Brit media .
The result is funny , but it feels almost too easy . It 's not that everyone involved is doing this in his sleep , but you get the feeling that they could if they had to .
Even if it 's mock inspirational , the ending suggests that even the pettiest of us can occasionally step outside of our ego and catch a breath of fresh air .
This is smart dumb comedy , with the main story working an idea that audiences anywhere can get : the fear of change .
Film does n't suit Alan Partridge as well as other media , but Coogan and company have nevertheless delivered a consistently lively satirical comedy that would stand on its own merits -LSB- . -RSB-
Coogan 's greatest creation is at his petty , venal and self-serving worst in this hilarious if not-the-most-original comedy .
Unlike almost all other English TV comedy adaptations -LRB- Bean , Guest House Paradiso , The Inbetweeners -RRB- Alpha Papa fulfils the comedic promise of a much loved icon and results in one of the funniest films of the past twelve months .
Co-writer Armando Iannucci repeats what he pulled off with In The Loop by helping to pen a film that 'll appeal to fans and newcomers alike ...
Sadly , Alpha Papa is the cinematic equivalent of trying to retell a joke for the tenth time to the same person . It 's a tough assignment laughwise , as Coogan pushes an overdone , over-the-hill character uphill .
Diehard Partridge fanatics should be warned that Coogan 's creation is considerably less grotesque here than in former TV incarnations , and there are even attempts to make him likeable - or , at least , stop him crooning '80s pop anti-classics .
Stands on its own while still retaining every hilarious nuance of the character . Jam-packed with wit that ensures the tradition of great British comedy is still alive and well
It 's all done with far more heart than one would expect . Perhaps Coogan , like Partridge , is now mellowing with age . Whatever next : grandkids ?
The Ènglish twerp is a reliable staple of British humour , and Steve Coogan 's Alan Partridge is like a second cousin to Basil Fawlty , a self centred incompetent whose capacity for grandiose self delusion knows no bounds
With great irreverence and aplomb , Steve Coogan 's loved BBC character Alan Partridge glides onto the big screen in a caper that is both hilarious and endearing
The pleasure and the pain are all up there on the screen ; we just wish it was less painful to watch .
If , on the first day of Christmas , your true love sends you this bird , get a new mate .
There are n't many side-splitting jokes , but a goofy glee is smeared across the whole thing .
Steve Coogan in a frisky English comedy that clicks .
Director Declan Lowney 's film operates from a conceit that affords only minor opportunities for true hilarity .
Steve Coogan 's cringe-inducing comic creation Alan Partridge makes the leap to the big screen . And despite the whiff of failure that invariably accompanies his endeavours , he does n't fall flat on his face . Oh , and the film is a modest triumph , too .
What 's surprising about this set-up is not how basic it is , but how fresh it feels in the not particularly illustrious pantheon of British sit-com-to-big-screen transfers .
Colm Meaney commands our sympathy ; Coogan gets the guilty laughs . It 's all very English in its recognition of the mean smallness of so much of British life .
In bringing his iconic 1990s radio and TV character to the big screen , Coogan refreshingly refuses to play to American audiences : this film is purely British in its story , setting and characters .
A roaring , razor-sharp study of dinosaurs held captive by their headphones .
The script oscillates between the sublime ; moments of acutely crafted comic detail ; and the solid .
`` Jurassic park '' ? `` Back of the net '' ? Not quite . No committed Partridgidian will , however , want to miss it .
Steve Coogan is so good at making Alan simultaneously repellent and endearing : his rubbery mug alone justifies the big screen .
Alan Partridge : Alpha Papa , in which the comic actor Steve Coogan returns to his most enduring creation , a peevish and pettyminded Norfolk DJ , demonstrates that the transfer need not result in a thinning-out or compromise .
It 's fun at first . Then the fun is air-pumped up until it is n't fun .
Steve Coogan is still , hilariously , the same old awful , insecure jerk , but the media satire that has always revolved around the Alan Partridge character is somewhat diminished .
It 's knowing and it 's funny , and Coogan 's persona remains so perfectly realised that he 's able to survive when the plot over-reaches and blows out the levels .
If you want a poster-friendly snippet , Alan Partridge : Alpha Papa is a truly splendid British export , fit to burst with character , idea , charm and heart and not to be missed by anyone who 's partial to the sheer joy of quality comedy .
A hilarious addition to the ever-expanding canvas of the versatile Norwich DJ , Alpha Papa provides solid proof that the bouncebackability of Alan Partridge knows no bounds . Lovely stuff .
A slightly unsatisfying experience , and unlikely to match the re-watch value of Partridge 's sublime TV excursions .
Fans will spend their happiest 90 minutes this summer ... and those yet to fall under his spell will get a crash course in 22-carat hilarity .
Alan Partridge makes a successful transition to the big screen in this hugely enjoyable comedy , thanks to impressive direction , superb comic performances and a witty script that stays true to the character throughout .
Has plenty to recommend it , thanks to a string of memorable one-liners and Coogan 's unmatched knack for skin-crawling physical comedy . But this is a long way from the back-of-the-net strike it should have been .
For a character who has survived 20 years on every broadcasting medium under the sun , it 's remarkable that Alan has never outstayed his welcome .
The funniest film of the year by a Norfolk mile .
Steve Coogan 's Partridge is an uncomfortable comic hero but Alpha Papa consistently offers solid laughs while making a point about his stupidity , selfishness and lack of awareness .
Ruddy hilarious . Just what big-screen comedy needed .
Coogan 's gift for making Partridge a believably awful everyman makes Alpha Papa a welcome slice of accomplished British character comedy .
Fans of Steve Coogan 's enduring middle-aged middle Englander will be gladdened to find that Alan Partridge : Alpha Papa is a resounding success , not tarnishing or diluting the character in any way .
Moments of brilliance , but on the whole a rather underwhelming cinematic debut for Alan .
This is the Alan Partridge film that Alan Partridge would make .
A scissor-sharp comedy of ineptitude and failure .
The wittily scripted Alan Partridge : Alpha Papa is a joy , offering up more quotable lines and amusingly surreal Partridge moments .
You 'd expect an Alan Partridge movie to be funny . You would n't expect it to be a coup de cinema . And yet , in its own superficially low-brow , cheapo way , Alpha Papa is exactly that .
It takes a while to get over the strangeness of seeing Partridge on the big screen , but once the siege stirs into motion Coogan excels as Alan haplessly channels Spy Who Loved Me-era Roger Moore .

@highlight

The Alan Partridge movie ditches the TV series ' nuanced humor for something broader , and succeeds in presenting the character on a global scale .