A minor comeback for Nora Ephron ... Ferrell and Kidman make the most of the formulaic plot ...
The set-up for the story requires the audience be aware they are actually watching a remake of Bewitched at all times . It gets points for being an interesting and different idea for a television remake , but the metatextuality can be off-putting .
A stupid pompous waste of money and talent ...
With `` Bewitched , '' Nicole Kidman 's career slips down yet another rung after her recent cinematic mishaps with `` The Stepford Wives '' and `` Birth . ''
There may be special effects aplenty here , but precious little magic .
By the tepid ending , the movie appears to have been sedated .
The Ephrons have an easy way with the romantic-comedy genre .
Has some hilarious moments , mostly thanks to Will Ferrell 's zany slapstick , mugging , and other antics .
As good as some of the gags are , however , they might have fallen flat if performed by lesser talents .
Had it stuck to the ground rules it laid out early on , it would 've made sense .
full review in Greek
Despite the intriguing set-up , formula proves as hard a habit for Ephron to kick as magic is for Isabel .
What the hell is Will Ferrell doing to his career ?
Es una lástima que las hermanas Ephron no hayan podido aterrizar una idea que sonaba interesante en un principio pero que , finalmente , es víctima de sus propios malos hechizos
I 'll have some of what Nora Ephron 's having , as long as I do n't have to watch her movies .
Blame Will Farrell and the director who let him run amok for the failure of this film .
If it lost every bad idea , miscast actor , wasted performance , and botched scene , nothing would be left but the end credits .
Sexy witch perfected the twitch .
One of those films where if you 've seen the trailer then you 've seen all the jokes .
A disappointing treatment of fabulous source material .
Don ' ' t , whatever you do , expect to Be-entertained by this feeble rom-com .
You will leave the cinema utterly disenchanted .
It 's a nice ride ... There 's nothing subversive or edgy about it ... But it 's an agreeable piece of Hollywood product .
Bewitched does n't cast a spell over audiences but stars Nicole Kidman and Will Ferrell have enough magic between them to create something simple and fun .
Ephron takes a perfectly workable , big-screen ready concept and renders it needlessly complicated and barely recognizable .
starts promisingly , with an ingenious premise , an engaging cast and a bouncy tone ... then turns into an especially slushy Ephron rom-com
Lacks cohesion and chemistry , essential ingredients to the original 's success .
The trailer gave away what this movie needed to give us lots of : surprises . Sweet , funny , amusing , but never gels .
The rabbit that 's pulled out of the hat is lifeless .
`` Bewitched '' was not so beguiling -- what a shame !
The best way to describe this attempted `` revival '' of the popular TV series ? How about bland , boring and bothersome ?
... it is the ineffective writing that wrings all the magic out of a concept that should have produced at least a mildly pleasing summer comedy .
Bewitched becomes a love story about the unknowingly self-consumed - Idiots in Love . Even the sappiest viewers will have a hard time rooting for them .
This comedy might make you smile but wo n't leave you spellbound .
I blame wine-goggles for this mess . And the director is one of our greatest . What was she thinking ?
Ferrell , in need of a shorter leash , never makes the character any more than a caricature , and Kidman , in a rare comedic role , suffers , too .
Kidman is absolutely divine . Ferrell is his usual pleasantly goofy self . A Funky Contrast .
Le film ne génère absolument rien chez le spectateur , même pas l'amusement le plus primaire .
Despite the modernist incantation , the Ephrons ' boob-tube spoof feels like they 've channeled a dusty rerun .
As a light-hearted , silly movie that did n't try to be anything else , it was funny enough .
The movie has more wit than the usual summer fluff , but it 's also a forgettable confection that squanders the surprising potential it finds .
As far as ill-advised Nicole Kidman vehicles ... are concerned , the nicest thing one can say about Bewitched is that it 's an improvement over The Stepford Wives .
The biggest letdown is Shirley MacLaine as ... the magical , meddling Endora ... . She does n't just phone it in , she refuses to pick up the receiver .
What this revival needs is a good kick in the pants . And that Ephron and friends lack the low cunning to deliver .
The only elements that really work are the supporting cast 's spot-on imitations of Bewitched series vets like Paul Lynde and Marion Lorne .
The Ephron sisters , sophisticates entrusted with a simple TV situation comedy , lose the magic of the com as they mess with the sit .
It 's so lightweight that the wind from a passing broomstick would collapse its foundations .
Instead of smart commentary on the state of entertainment , we 're given a mundane , risk-averse romantic comedy .
A cute comedic performance by Nicole Kidman which outclasses the movie .
Mesmerizing , it 's not .
In the original TV series , Elizabeth Montgomery had this kind of sexy , subversive personality . Here we just have this naïve person who just flits about .
Bewitched has more giggles than belly laughs , but it 's not the same-old same old , and the massive appeal of Will Ferrell and Nicole Kidman is undeniable .
Nicole Kidman can twitch her nose at me any time she wants .
Going into `` Bewitched , '' you at least expect a reasonably entertaining twist on the popular '60s television show . What you get instead is George Romero 's `` Land of the Dead . ''
Watching Nicole Kidman fly around on a broom is one thing , but if you 're looking for a little renewed magic , Bewitched unfortunately is n't it .
Bewitched makes last year 's Kidman vehicle The Stepford Wives seem almost substantial . It was not .
With such little chemistry between the characters , I 'm surprised this film was actually completed .
If a studio absolutely can not avoid raiding its vaults for a popular TV show to pillage for an extra $ 1.98 decades later , this is the way to do it .
Director Nora Ephron takes an imaginative idea and turns it into a flat , skill-less dud .
Too fluffy even for TV with a miscast Will Ferrell doing his best to keep the uneven pace moving .
Ephron is so attached to formula that she is unable to put someone 's creative thinking to good use .
... a fairly mediocre little comedy that proves that Nicole Kidman should probably stay away from the genre .
Bewitched is a poorly executed mess that no wiggle of the nose can save .
This is about the most uneven movie of the year .
The movie is predictably pedestrian ; a shallow and spineless comedy with all the charm of leftover goat cheese left to fester unwrapped on the bakery counter .
... simply off in -LSB- its -RSB- pacing and inadequately funny .
The artificiality of Bewitched is so exaggerated that it almost works in the movie 's favor for the first 20 minutes or so , before that heavy synthetic Ephron odor really sets in .
A phony and cynical look at how Hollywood might make or remake a television show .
Kidman does n't compete with Montgomery 's memory because she does n't need to . She has crafted her own memorably witchy woman .
The '60s TV sitcom Bewitched was never as good as the woman who played Samantha the witch - the late actress Elizabeth Montgomery . Ditto the new Bewitched , an only mildly entertaining sitcom enlivened by Nicole Kidman .
Screenwriters Ephron and her sister Delia are able to get laughs and make character points even in the moments of laying out a fairly involved exposition , and that 's no small thing . That 's skilled craftsmanship .
The remake of a TV show should have come with canned laughter because after awhile it was hard to tell that this was supposed to be a comedy .
Ephron seems unsure as to whether she 's filming a zany retro comedy or a conventional romance , and the film zips back and forth between genres , never really settling .
Ephron piles one scenario on top of another , but is less adept than Kaufman at keeping them sorted .
From the start , it 's a train wreck .
The result of people trying so hard to wring magic out of a dry well , all that 's left to see is their flop sweat .
Alas , there are limits to movie magic . Especially for a movie that does n't have much to begin with .
Kidman again reveals her light , precise comic touch .
If showbiz was baseball , Nicole Kidman would be precariously close to striking out .
-LSB- The TV Bewitched is -RSB- a heck of a lot better and much more entertaining than this new `` reinvention ''
After Kidman and Ferrell have hit all the expected marks -LRB- meet cute , encounter obstacles , fall in love , encounter fatal setback , fall back in love -RRB- , the movie winds up being hoist on its own petard , becoming the butt of one of its own inside jokes .
For one thing , it looks every bit as drab as the average 1966 sitcom did : overlit , flat , studiobound and phony . For another , it 's just as unfunny as the original .
Once the multilayered real-vs . - reel high jinks wear out their welcome , the absence of magic is sadly evident .
The fluffiest surprise of the summer . When it comes to the race for giggles , it 's Nicole by a nose .
Kidman is enchanting , true , and Caine , MacLaine and Chenoweth work hard , but even with the few good gags sprinkled throughout , you do n't leave the theater smiling . The spell fades . The magic just is n't there .
Though there are funny bits here and there , the script just is n't funny enough .
It is courageously weird -- and that alone casts a spell .
Ephron casts a spell full of romantic-comedy charm even as it goes about the post-modern business of toying with our fondness for pop-cultural baubles like Bewitched . Consider the sparkling mood Ephron maintains as irreverent reverence .
If it were an outright train wreck , you could dismiss Bewitched as simply another failed small-screen-to-big-screen adaptation . But its mediocrity suggests that all it would have taken is some more work to make a decent movie .
Bewitched is respectful of its origin , and it 's brave enough to go beyond the obvious . Unfortunately , it goes beyond in a somewhat wrong direction . As a result , this broom stick does n't really fly , it just glides along .
Admittedly , there 's a certain fascination in watching Kidman deliver these lines . You can see her struggling to make acting decisions with a character who requires none .
Ms. Kidman goes through it all as if impersonating an adorable trick-or-treater .
Instead of being bewitched , we 're bothered and bewildered .
I was bewitched by the first third of Nora Ephron 's new film , bothered by some unnecessary flab in the middle , then bewildered by a finale in which a guy who exists only in a character 's mind drives an auto around Los Angeles .
... the Ephrons seem overwhelmed by their own concept .
-LSB- An -RSB- occasionally amusing but entirely forgettable film .
The `` love story '' is so anemic and cloying that you just want to wave a wand and make it disappear .
The flaw that endangers Jack 's TV series is the same one that derails the movie : an over-emphasis on Will Ferrell 's character that kills the chemistry between Isabel and Jack .
As summer confections go , Bewitched uses appealing ingredients and looks appetizing , but the result is as palatable as those cake decorations labeled ` not suitable for consumption . '
-LSB- An -RSB- un-magical , unfunny and un-romantic alleged comedy .
there 's enough originality and solid laughs here to call this a charmed effort .
-LSB- Manages -RSB- to be too clever by half and 100 percent ridiculous .
The movie proves a marginal creation from talented people who probably would have been better off finding another broomstick to fly .
The result is not only an homage to the original TV show , it 's also a gentle -- and at times hilarious -- spoof of Hollywood .
You may be more bothered and bewildered than bewitched by this spoof-remake of the classic TV series .
We rarely see Kidman turn loose her inner Loony Toons , but here she fulfills the comic potential she demonstrated -LSB- in -RSB- Moulin Rouge and ... Saturday Night Live in 1993 .
It 's fluff , and does n't pretend to be anything else .
Rises above Ephron 's usual banality .
Aunt Clara must have put one of her bumbling spells on this production - cause it just does n't work .
Nora Ephron is simply out of her league when it comes to directing a feature film .
When ` Bewitched ' clicks , it 's primarily because of the cast . ... The Ephrons are far better at concocting acidic one-liners than they are at constructing a coherent storyline .
Ferrell does what he does best , which is act like a four-year-old with ADD on the morning after Halloween .
Bewitched casts a spell with its show-within-a-show plot , but ultimately fizzles with its flat romance
This is a 20 minute story stretched to fill a 90 minute run time . It starts strong then fades fast . My head hurts just thinking how stupid this plot is .
Nicole Kidman usually has a nose for smart projects , but here the Oscar winner wiggles hers into one big mess .
It now appears as if Jessica Simpson 's Daisy Duke is going to leave skid marks this summer all over Nicole Kidman 's Samantha .
Will Ferrell and Nicole Kidman try to turn an old TV show into a magical Hollywood satire , but their trick 's not much of a treat .
Bewitched -LSB- the show -RSB- was unassuming , charming , maybe a little innocent ; this movie is smug , patronizing , and a little infantile .
It 's got some special effects , but the magic 's in short supply .
A rather charming and delightful comedy , its many flaws notwithstanding .
An unlikely match on the surface , you really end up enjoying the pairing of Ferrell and Kidman .
Kidman is so darn cute in this movie ! Bewitched is a great date movie and a funny film for anyone who has or has n't seen the original television show .
Almost unprofessional .
No amount of spells or hocus pocus can turn this befuddled re-creation of the classic into something worth watching
Bewitched will not cast you under its spell . It is more likely to bother and bewilder .
Nicole Kidman could hardly be more enchanting in the lead , but the script is one of writer-director Nora Ephron 's weakest , the laughs are scattered and we leave the movie feeling it sure could have been better .
The show , no matter how fantastical , was about something real . The movie is about Hollywood .
An uninspired misfire of a TV-series knockoff that , despite its great cast and smart filmmakers , never manages to scare up much magic .
Nora Ephron used to mine the tension between romantic fantasy and the real -LRB- disappointing -RRB- world for honest laughs . But now she has settled happily in big-budget star-studded chick-flick land , where it 's all synthetic , all the time .
Dreary dialogue , over-exposure to Ferrell and Kidman 's ill-informed direction to channel Marilyn lite make Bewitched a bad spell at the movies .
Outside of the perfomers , which include Nicole Kidman , Will Ferrell and a nicely tuned supporting cast , there is n't much to look at here .
It sinks so deep and fast , you do n't even see bubbles on the surface .
This Nora Ephron scripted/directed romantic comedy is nothing special , but it does have a certain likeability to it that 's compelling .
Feels unfinished , like a rough cut still awaiting a much-needed polish . Fleetingly amusing ? Yes . Full-out magical ? Not so much .
The movie is more effective in particular scenes than as a whole .
So what 's left ? Pretty much Kidman 's consternation and Ferrell 's one-man show , which is funny for awhile but eventually even he runs out of gags . Perhaps more cowbell would have helped .
As cute as the magical twitch of Samantha Stephens ' nose .
-LSB- A -RSB- n evil brew of misogynist tripe , faux-ironic nostalgia , and painfully false romantic comedy that purports to be ... ` edgy ' ...
Who wants a namby-pamby Samantha ?
Any picture that makes you yearn for the dramatic work of Dick Sargent has got problems .
The film 's funny for 15 minutes as it skewers Hollywood and prowls block after block of familiar L.A. scenery . After that , with a twitch of the nose , all plot vanishes .
Will Ferrell ? Time to start reading your scripts again , pal .
It 's one of those movies where you smile and laugh and are reasonably entertained , but you get no sense of a mighty enterprise sweeping you along with its comedic force . There is not a movie here . Just scenes in search of one .
The kind of movie where the lulls between jokes are brief and you leave the theater a little happier than when you came in .
The folks behind Bewitched had an idea -- rejigger the '60s TV series about a witch who marries an average guy -- but they could n't decide what kind of movie to make , so they came up with three scenarios and Superglued them together .
Fast out of the gate but slowing in the back stretch , this film will need witchcraft to keep all but the hardiest fans awake for the final kiss .
Unfortunately , Bewitched regularly loses touch with its funny elements and drifts off into vaguely dull subplots .
In the process of avoiding a feature-length replay of the TV show -LRB- a trap The Honeymooners walked right into -RRB- , Bewitched edifies die-hard fans by channeling the original 's memorable supporting cast .
If only someone in the script department could wiggle their nose , we might have had a few more laughs to hang our pointed black caps on .
A fast-paced , quip-witted movie that sends out mixed signals about its deeper message .
Nicole Kidman tells the ubiquitous Will Farrell , `` I think the fact that you 're a hopeless mess is very refreshing , '' but critics are not so charitable about bad movies .
You 're likely to want to pluck out your eyeballs .
Made up of hearty but meaningless laughs in a script of breezy , frothy spunk .
A travesty of monumental proportions .
The series was n't a very promising source , and we should be grateful the movie is as good as it is .
This film can be summed up by one of the few good lines in the script , delivered by Shirley MacLaine as she describes movie stars : ` Deep down , there is no deep down . '
If you manage to redirect your attention away from her twitching nose , you 'll notice a quiet desperation in her tired eyes , which , just like you , wish the whole movie away .
Missing any kind of magic at all , Bewitched should be burned at the stake .
If at first you do n't succeed , just rewind . See the film and you 'll get it .
Almost without us realizing , it has dropped us back into the middle of it all , entranced one again by the love between an isolated witch and a bewitched boy .
A disaster so low in energy that it jumpstarts its own engine every 10 minutes .
Needs more spells .
The nicest thing you can say about Bewitched is that it 's better than The Stepford Wives .
Unrivaled in modern times for smugness , vapidity , and condescension . To spend even 10 minutes in the movie 's universe is to experience the Sartrean nausea of an utterly hollow head and heart .
Loud , frantic and charmless ... Bewitched is really the wrong title for this botched brew , but then ` Cursed ' was already taken .
Bewitched has a lot of problems , but it also has enough hit-and-miss charm to please most summer movie audiences .
Since Nicole constantly seems like she 's acting against a blue screen , it 's only believable Ferrell would crush on her when he 's under a spell .
Lazy in its attempt to be original .
Stepping into Montgomery 's shoes is a thankless task , but Kidman comes across as preternaturally flustered by everything that heightened the serenity of her predecessor .
Campy-revamp remakes and Nicole Kidman just do n't mix .
... I 'm not sure if I 'm just Ferrell 'd out or if his character in this movie just did n't strike me as being overly humorous . .
So enjoyable I 'd love to tune in every week to catch the adventures of Kidman and Ferrell .
Great open , really great first act , far into the second act this is a strong production . It 's light and airy , fun at every turn . Unfortunately , it slips during last 3rd .
What keeps Bewitched just barely out of the summer slush pile is its sense of light-hearted fun .
Cute and funny and appealing for about 75 minutes , when it comes to a crashing halt when Ephron switches from a comedy to a love story . The last 20 minutes are excruciating
Contains a freshness not usually seen in your typical Television series remake .
Suffers from its sheer peculiarity as well as a lack of chemistry -LRB- or alchemy , for that matter -RRB- between leads Nicole Kidman and Will Ferrell .
Charmless and witless , this tiresome comedy fails as notalgic tribute to the beloved TV series and as contempo reimagining due to lack of chemistry between Ferrell and Kidman
-LSB- A -RSB- n effort that appears to be held together by baling wire and chewing gum . That would be an off-brand of both items .
Rather than settling into an agreeably amusing groove , the picture spends most of its 98 minutes flitting around trying various romantic comedy guises on for size at the expense of pacing .
Bewitched is n't just funny , it 's classy in the way that only the best romantic comedies manage .






@highlight

Bewitched is haunted by scattered laughs and a lack of direction .