It 's difficult to tell if director James Gunn really is trying to play for laughs , because so much of the one-liner humor is inconsistent .
If I had n't foolishly gone and saw Sucker Punch a couple weeks ago , this would be the worst film of the year .
Gunn 's movie is an ingeniously nasty concoction that feeds the cult of superhero fandom back into itself .
Great dark humor and enjoyable performances make this one a winner . Surprisingly , the animated sequences also work quite well .
The graphic violence spatters along for an hour and a half until we reach that point when writer-director James Gunn says , `` That 's all I 've got '' and basically gives up .
-LSB- Not -RSB- an easily digestible movie but this is ... the point - in a world where everything is n't as cut and dry as ` good versus evil ' , rationality is increasingly rare .
Super can be very affecting and emotionally disturbing , which might not suit everyone 's tastes , but it 's also an absorbing , bleak and sometimes funny deviation from the usual superhero fodder .
I liked Super more than I did Defendor ... .
Super is the sudden kick in the crotch this summer of square-jawed superheroes never knew it needed .
I will say this of Super : it commits to its premise far better than Kick-Ass ; if you thought the latter was violent , you have n't seen Rainn Wilson cracking someone 's head repeatedly on a rock . But at least Kick-Ass was fun .
Super is a film infused with that impossibly compelling mix of deeply empathic insights , disturbingly-visualised violence and goodwill-rousing positive energy .
Both -LSB- Super & Kick-Ass -RSB- feature ... crazy vigilantes ... but whereas Kick-Ass disguised its unsettling subtext beneath a hip and stylish surface , the scuzzy , low-budget Super forces the viewer to confront its disturbing side head on .
Not simple knockabout fun ... and therein lies both the attraction and the challenge .
Where it completely fails is when the in-your-face amorality is contextualised with an icky epilogue which tries to justify what came before as some kind of `` spiritual journey '' . It does n't convince .
Ellen Page , who has a manic energy here that she 's not shown before ... Her too-brief time on screen energizes the film
Gunn seems unable to decide whether he 's making a satirical work or a sick joke and , as a result , he squanders the entertainingly unhinged performances of his cast before copping out with a sentimental happy ending .
This disastrously unfunny superhero spoof features a grating performance from Juno star Ellen Page , a vapid leading man in Rainn Wilson and an idiotic mix of humour and violence .
An atonal mix of knockabout humour and out-of-nowhere violence that 's so utterly wrong , it might actually challenge The Day The Clown Cried , Jerry Lewis 's unfinished and unreleased 1972 Holocaust comedy .
Thanks to Wilson 's ridiculously nerdish ambition , and a lively performance from Page , there are laughs to be had , but it could have been a funnier parody .
Writer-director James Gunn eventually loses control of the tone , which slips from deadpan to deadly and trashes what little amusement there was in a finale of gruesome violence .
Some really interesting ideas and the odd flash of awesomeness , but overall a big old misfire with some ill-judged nastiness .
As black comedy , it works reasonably well some of the time , with plenty of black but not much comedy .
Super is funny alright , but only because , in the moral and emotional disorientation that it so skilfully conjures , nervous laughter seems the only option .
A bold superhero Taxi Driver , but for every viewer revelling in its savage satire , another will see a cynical , uncertain mess .
This sub-genre is beginning to wear gossamer thin and Super certainly does n't live up to the in-built optimism of its own title .
It 's abhorrent , hilarious and destined for cult status .
Offers genuine empathy with the put-upon protagonist 's longing for justice , yet plays the bloody ramifications for cartoonish fun .
Wilson 's disengagement often seems motivated by genuine lack of interest more than smouldering impotence .
Basically , if you thought Kick-Ass was n't wrong enough , then this is the movie for you .
A brilliant twist on the everyman crime-fighter genre , as violent and human as it is funny .
Super 's arriving in UK cinemas only now , to avoid any direct comparisons with Matthew Vaughn 's brilliant Kick-Ass . So naturally that 's why there 's a massive `` MUCH BETTER THAN KICK-ASS '' quote on the poster .
Do n't be fooled by the swell of support arising from the blogosphere : this is ` unapologetically subversive ' filmmaking at its most unapologetically crap .
Writer-director Gunn gleefully subverts genre expectations with this superhero movie that goes way against the grain . And what makes it worth seeing is the fact that every scene is grounded in reality .
Decent performances are jaded by a hit-and-miss script and are stretched too thin over a high-concept film that does n't quite manage to find its feet .
Much of the movie is styled as a romp , with comic-book effects , including crudely animated credits accompanied by power pop . ... But often -LSB- director Gunn -RSB- shows us hideously realistic wounds , way more disturbing than you expect in a superhero flick .
... not an unintelligent movie so much as it is a cruel and slight one , one that seems to exist only to affirm a certain kind of moviegoer 's self-regard .
An Interesting , Shocking Look at the Religiosity of the Superhero Myth .
Super is a tonal hash , awkwardly skipping beats from bleak to boisterous , cartoonish to gruesome , and the actors , too , seem to be playing at different speeds , with Page 's insufferable screechiness poorly squaring with Wilson 's glum poker face .
Just as you dismiss it as witless superhero parody , it switches gears in a way not especially subtle but for which you are unprepared . And when it finally declares itself to be a genre film , the surprise is that it 's not the genre you thought .
Part insipid comedy , part ultra-violent action-movie send-up and all terrible , ` Super ' most definitely is n't .
Just does n't have enough new gadgets in its utility belt to keep it from becoming much more than a super shrug
Yes , Super is dark , twisted , funny , and insolent , but finding success by putting an audience in an uncomfortable place is a tricky gimmick to pull off with success . The maneuver worked in Kick-Ass , not so much in Super .
Gunn 's unique approach , combining twisted humor , dark drama , and over-the-top violence , offers a great change of pace for audiences tired of mainstream comic book fare .
If the tone is uneven , if the `` comedy '' does n't yield as many laughs as we 're led by the ads to expect , that 's only the collateral damage of the destruction Gunn hopes to wreak on the increasingly debased and tired genre .
Straining to pull off yet another superhero send-up , Rainn Wilson and Ellen Page get no help from a flimsy script .
Guarantees to keep me referring to it as `` Kick-Ass 's superior brother '' for years to come ...
Emboldened by its indie-film trappings and the easily manipulated cheers of its festival-circuit audience , it luxuriates in and celebrates pointless violence and aimless vengeance . It 's Taxi Driver as feel-good movie .
I think much of the film 's value lies in the fact that it 's extremely disturbing .
Super just does n't fly .
This movie is too pedestrian for camp , and too scattershot for an action comedy .
It 's grimmer than you probably would expect , but Wilson 's incisive performance is reason enough to see it .
`` Super '' could use the certitude of its hero , but the weapon it wields instead is a scalpel to see what 's inside us .
A sense of style can make up for a lot at the movies . But James Gunn 's brutal new comedy-thriller , `` Super , '' succeeds only in demonstrating that without it , you may not have much of anything .
I suspect audiences will divide sharply on the movie 's wild tone shifts . I found them sort of fearless .
Writer-director James Gunn , who successfully tweaked the monster movie genre with `` Slither , '' has created a grimy , bloody and absolutely pitch-black superhero movie . And it 's also really funny .
Could be endearing , if Wilson 's performance were n't so nihilistically dull , and if there were somebody in the picture who had a soul .
Imagine `` Kick Ass '' complicated by the far darker power fantasies of `` Observe and Report , '' and you have some idea where Gunn goes with this material .
Provides a sympathetic , if gradually unhinged , protagonist , then proceeds to put him through hell for no apparent reason other than because it can .
A tonally inconsistent comedy that nevertheless features one of my absolute favorite performances of the year so far and enough interesting ideas to warrant a look .
Super plunges into nihilistic despair in its third act . This is n't a black comedy because it is n't a comedy . It 's a trick played on our expectations , I concede , but to what end ?
Wilson does amusingly steely work , while Page goes bonkers , giving her gleeful nut job one of the more memorable horselaughs in recent American film history .
The situations are utterly routine , the action padded out to the max . But there 's a redeeming facet : Ellen Page .
Mostly a good bit of fun , as Wilson 's both heartbreaking and a crack-up as he 's cracking skulls .
A cartoonish neo-noir that is both funny and unafraid to show the moral ugliness of its main characters .
Writer Director James Gunn -LRB- `` Slither '' -RRB- beats the dead dog of fanboy culture with an idiotic movie that follows in the faux transgressive footsteps of `` Kick-Ass . ''
As a movie , Super is unfocused and bafflingly inconsistent . It is also the most genuinely surprising new release I 've seen in a long time .
The spectacle soon wearies and repels .
For all its indie posturing , Super feels as callow as any other big studio flick to court Comic Con : A B-movie splatter flick dressed up as a critique , dressed up as a black comedy , dressed up as a spoof , and capped with an ironic epilogue .
An appealing , often hilarious corrective to the conventional pop cultural idealization of the superhero .
A self-reflexive , character-based , superhero spoof that has some colorful moments -LRB- and a deliciously crazy turn by Ellen Page -RRB- , but does n't fully and smoothly embrace the provocative nature of its premise .
We root for Frank even though his antics as the Crimson Bolt become more and more extreme as the film goes along , especially after Boltie joins the team , keeping things in an insane moralistic grey area that 's thought-provoking and invigorating .
Uneven superhero film is wacky but violent , dark .
Is it a satire ? A black comedy ? A tragic parable ? A comic book set in the real world ? Gunn does n't seem to want to commit to any of them , and no one in the film seems to know either .
At times , `` Super '' seems like `` Watchmen , '' but with only two superheroes , far fewer special effects and none of the visionary one-time elan of Zack Snyder .
A rough ride with a few riotous ideas , but the execution is unfocused and the comedy nonexistent . It 's a rundown condo in Tromaville that could 've been so much more audacious and , indeed , super .
A lot less funny than it sounds .
Super is a disturbing , amazing experience ; it 's almost as if the movie itself were an ordinary movie freed from moral conventions by wearing a mask .
`` Super '' starts off feeling like a cult comedy you might catch during a midnight film festival . But since Gunn never nails his tone , the concept makes more sense than the execution .
Most of the time it is n't clear whether Gunn is critiquing violence or celebrating it .
This is subversive comedy at its best and has many laugh out load moments , a rare thing in Hollywood comedies . Then again , this is not a Hollywood comedy .
`` Super '' flings around its dingy shocks with little feel for context , wit or filmmaking skill .
Shows us a nebbish who becomes a costumed crime fighter without telling us anything interesting about nebbishes or crime fighters .
`` Super '' rides on the carefully bent performances of its stars .
Of all the entries in the average-schmo-tries-to-be-a-superhero genre - and that would certainly include last year 's `` Kick-Ass '' - `` Super '' succeeds the best by putting its audience in the most uncomfortable position .
It 's ugly to the core .
Far better than last year 's `` Kick Ass ... ''
At least this tailor-made-for-the-midnight-circuit curio does n't rely on too-hip-for-school dialogue . Instead , we get unrated doses of over-the-top violence - and a massive inconsistency in tone .
Super is like Kick-Ass 's darker , more twisted , utterly gleeful older sibling .
The action in Super is clumsy and triggers cringe-producing consequences that make you wonder about the sanity of its protagonist .
If Gunn had a sense of how to shape a scene , or how to shoot a scene attractively , then his film would just be dull . As it is , it 's criminally inept .
Not fun or clever or challenging , it 's just repulsive .
Gunn may not have his finger on the pulse of popular tastes , but he 's certainly adept at reading the nerd-scented tea leaves .
I think `` Super '' is occasionally brilliant , sometimes awful and terribly confusing overall ; this movie reminds me of an old Irish joke about the ancient and terrifying housekeeper who asks the young priest whether he enjoyed his egg .
Definitely the kind of movie the participants probably had a blast making . It 's a pity many viewers may not feel the same way watching it .
It 's really a one-joke movie , but the joke is a good one : Frank 's `` crusade '' is just a geek 's screw-loose revenge , which Wilson , digging into the character 's misery , makes oddly sympathetic .
Super represents the indie world at its snobbiest and most faux provocative .
It may sound like Super is trying too hard to shock , trying too hard to be edgy or weird . But it has such a low-budget charm , it 's pretty hard to resist . Besides , if you do n't , you risk incurring the wrath of The Crimson Bolt . And you do n't want that .
What could have been an interesting , soulful and sadly funny film becomes borderline offensive and distinctly disturbing .
Conceptually similar to last spring 's bullied-teen-dons-tights-to-fight flick Kick-Ass , Super distinguishes itself with a deliberate tonal unevenness that 's unsettling and annoying .
`` Super '' strikes a wildly uneven tone lurching between occasionally funny dark comedy , heavy-handed religious satire and some pretty hardcore violence .
It 's meant to alternately shock you and provoke laughs . At best , however , you nod and think , `` OK , I get it . '' And that 's not good enough .
Waiting for Super to deliver the funny is an experience as long as the film itself .
The bleak , crazy , postmodern superhero saga Kick-Ass aspired to be , which does n't prevent it from being sluggish , derivative , and beyond obvious .
Situated at the maniacal messianic crossroads of Taxi Driver , your local comic book emporium , and Abu Ghraib , Super mixes giddy and gore in satirizing the born again self-righteous , high minded US avenger role of drive-by cop patrolling the planet .
Forget the line cutter ; the Crimson Bolt 's wrench should be aimed at folks responsible for suckering people into spending money on this film .
A superhero needs a mission . Super needs a point .
Manages to rise above its drastically uneven tone to deliver an amusing , if admittedly flawed , superhero black comedy .
Why do n't people stand up and be a hero ? Kick-Ass 's reason is : because you could get killed . Then the heroes persevere anyway . Super 's answer is : because it 's crazy and irresponsible to be a vigilante .
A guaranteed cult classic , Super delivers the subversive goods despite overextending itself into bloody mush .
Super is not wanting for good ideas ; it 's wanting for direction .
-LSB- Whatever its shortcomings , -RSB- Ellen Page delivers another performance for the ages .
An expectedly oddball effort from James Gunn ...
Fun and funny , dark and twisted , semi-schizophrenic and certifiably insane .
Pitch perfect superhero satire that probably has more in common with TAXI DRIVER than KICK ASS .
Gunn 's script has more in common with Watchmen or Defendor , though he plays the idea for queasy laughs rather than psychological insight . And truth be told , those laughs are pretty great , thanks to the go-for-broke commitment of both leads .
A giddily over-the-top , super-entertaining goof on the Everyman crimefighter flick written and directed with evident relish by James Gunn .
James Gunn has made the ultimate Troma movie with his new deranged superhero black comedy Super
Even darker and weirder and more cynical than Kick-Ass .



@highlight

Super 's intriguing premise and talented cast are drowned in a blood-red sea of graphic violence , jarring tonal shifts , and thinly written characters .