The film is full of little throwaway bits of silliness that yield some of the funniest dialogue , much of improvised .
This has writing that could charitably be called inane , and a wholly repulsive star .
full review in Greek
One of the most graphic , scary , funny and imaginative depictions of drug addiction ever filmed .
The film soars on the talent of Paul Kaye 's magnificent portrayal of a pop music icon 's self abuse , descent into total deafness and rebirth ...
O diretor Michael Dowse confere energia admirável a este filme espetacular que conta , ainda , com uma atuação arrebatadora de Paul Kaye .
Bright , noisy , and surprisingly fulfilling , it keeps its adrenaline rush under deceptively easy control .
At the center of all this is Kaye 's flat-out brilliant performance .
Paul Kaye 's performance is revelatory . A surprisingly warm-hearted mockumentary .
When Kaye tries to be funny , he 's odd ; when he tries to be sad , he 's boring ; and when he tries to be happy , he 's ... just weird .
There 's unexpected tenderness in the sincerity with which Dowse plunges into Disability Movie conventions .
It 's a mess , albeit a vaguely likable one .
Surges along on wry dialogue and energetic scenes , mixing spot-on parody with comments on the exploitation of the handicapped and the fads of the dance music industry .
A killer soundtrack and a performance all of volatile physicality by Kaye .
Wants to be tangy but comes off sour instead . It might just leave you with a bit of a headache , too .
A smart albeit uneven jab at everything from the clubbing life to the male inclination toward Peter Pan .
There 's nothing like watching a guy hit rock bottom and then try to crawl back up again . Or as that heartless record industry weasel puts it , ` People love a good tragedy . ' Especially one set to a good beat .
Kaye is a marvel of unbridled energy .
You may ... find the picture as undisciplined as Frankie 's wild coif . I see the chaos , like the coif , to be tangled but pointed , an endearingly calculated mess .
Metafiction is a dangerous game to play ... but it 's apparent writer-director Dowse has faith . Let 's hope that faith is rewarded ; we need more of this kind of quirky satire .
Kaye manages to conjure a fully realized character where there could so easily have been a shambling collection of clichés .
Does n't live up to its billing , but is an enjoyable movie that rings in your ears
As degenerate , coked-out DJ Frankie Wilde , Paul Kaye goes the limit , unleashing a gonzo performance that tilts between harrowing and hilarious .
The formula does n't entirely stick , but Dowse 's visual veracity towers over any narrative shortcomings Tong presents .
Eventually wins you over with its warmth and offbeat sensibility .
This is biopic as raving rumination . But it is also a surprisingly compassionate redemption story .
The movie works because of its heedless comic intensity ; Kaye and his writer-director , Michael Dowse , chronicle the rise and fall of Frankie Wilde as other directors have dealt with emperors and kings .
A raucous , uproarious satire of the dance-club scene .
Frankie is a fascinating , deeply flawed character , one whose enthusiasm and curiosity help make up for his self-centered , self-hating self-destructiveness .
Paul Kaye is superb as Wilde - he inhabits the character so completely that it 's actually quite disturbing .
Brilliant performance by Paul Kaye .
The magic of It 's All Gone Pete Tong is that it becomes seriously engaging even though it is filled with off the wall zany moments .
An initially hilarious mockumentary whose sense of humor goes deaf as it wears on .
Noisy and difficult to watch , but worth it for Kaye 's performance .
Just inspiring enough , just scary enough , just sappy enough and just funny enough to get by .
You 'll be tickled by this small indie laugher . But , lo and behold , you may find yourself touched by it , too .
We 're supposed to feel for Frankie and root for him to overcome his impediment and find happiness . The only problem is that he 's been such a shallow , ridiculous figure that exhuming any real sympathy for the guy is a Herculean task .
It 's strange to think that anyone might fall for the ruse , considering that a giant badger makes occasional guest appearances whenever Wilde 's drug use gets out of hand .
Less a faux documentary than a perversely amusing stab at the music world 's harsh realities .
Even at its very best , it 's just all right .
The movie has two distinct parts ... they may not exactly compliment each other , but I appreciated both .
The movie leaves us with a broad , genuine smile , not the smirk born of so many mockumentaries . This is phony , absolutely , but the good feeling it leaves behind is plenty real .
While most mockumentaries translate as lazy storytelling , this one is elevated by an astounding , Oscar-worthy performance by Kaye .
The film can not be said to be a success as an aesthetic whole , but the power of the first half and the exceptionally believable acting of Kaye make this the kind of experience that only film can provide .
It 's All Gone Pete Tong practically yanks the viewer along the wild arc of Frankie 's life . But there 's no other way to travel through the rock-star world he inhabits .
Somewhere amid the cacophony , a human drama emerges that is sensitive , expertly orchestrated ,
Lacks the universality to break out of its niche audience .
The mockumentary-style delivery of a serious subject proves to be an unworkable mash-up .
A charismatically raucous and appropriately rhythmic fictional biopic ... both darkly hilarious and surprisingly emotive .
Grounded by a gutsy , over-the-edge-and-back performance by Paul Kaye as Frankie , It 's All Gone Pete Tong takes the long way around before finally redeeming itself .
It 's All Gone Pete Tong seems indistinguishable from a thousand other stories of artistic genius burned out in a blaze of vain glory , but soon the movie catches us up so profoundly ... it 's as though we 're seeing it all for the first time .
In the nick of time the rave vibe finds its own rhythm and humor .
24 Hour Party People fans willing to go along with a joke will rightfully lap it up .
-LSB- P -RSB- ulses with energy and passion and the groove of the rave scene ...
Writer-director Michael Dowse 's film whizzes all over the place like a gaudy kite .
This clever goof on hedonistic dance culture is also an unexpectedly sympathetic drama about coping with hearing loss .
Has the same propulsive , punk-rock vibe as Trainspotting and 24 Hour Party People .
The faux-documentary format does nothing for the material , but Kaye turns in a chaotic and ultimately moving performance .
Somehow , -LSB- it -RSB- works-like the music at its heart , there is n't much depth , but the glittering surface is entertaining enough to while away the night .
Comes as something of a surprise when its final act actually manages to rally your sympathies . It has Paul Kaye to thank for this .
A triumph that deserves to be seen .
In Michael Dowse 's faux documentary about a D. J. who goes stone deaf , everything that can go wrong generally does , mostly to surprisingly sweet effect .
Helmer 's own script feels unfocused and semi-improvisational , with good ideas that should 've been taken further , and some not-so-good ones that overstay their welcome .
As the humor flags , It 's All Gone Pete Tong starts to feel more like an exercise .
Frankie Wilde 's ride is a wild one indeed , and IT 'S ALL GONE PETE TONG manages to capture the essence of both his madness and genius
Whether you really dig this film will depend entirely on your affection for the club scene and you opinion of its heroes .
It 's the risks that pay off most handsomely in It 's All Gone Pete Tong , a curious mash-up of dance-culture mockumentary and searing biopic .
If you manage to stick around for joy , it 's probably because -- like me -- you dig the original score by Graham Massey .




@highlight

Part raucous mockumentary , part drama-filled biopic , It 's All Gone Pete Tong amuses and warms hearts with its touching , comic , and candid look at a musician faced with a career-ending handicap .