This fuzzy baseball story about a conceited player -LRB- Bernie Mac -RRB- who comes out of retirement to fix his record -LRB- he 's three hits short of the magic three thousand -RRB- is a major letdown .
Bernie Mac plays a baseball-star version of his corrosive TV-show persona in Mr. 3000 , a comedy that 's essentially an extended ad for ESPN . Ironically , though , the insertion of real-life media provides the film 's few laughs .
An arrogant former sportsman learns a lesson in humility in this predictable comedy .
Mac 's rascally charm and deceptive gravity give promise of more substance than the movie finally delivers .
This feature-length commercial for Major League Baseball covers all the cross-marketing bases .
A mild and forgettable baseball comedy .
There are no big surprises , but Mac and director Charles Stone III hit all the right dramatic notes , and Angela Bassett is reliably smart and sexy as Mac 's love interest .
Bernie Mac carries this risqué minor league film .
This one 's out of the park .
Bernie Mac has a talent for cussing . It 's a talent that can take you pretty far in the entertainment industry , but it still ca n't carry a movie , as Mr. 3000 demonstrates .
The movie may not rank in the Hall of Fame for baseball flicks , but Stone and his star do honor to the heart of the game , and provide enough comedy curve balls to stay above the fray of the encroaching clichés .
Deliberately Louisville-slugs its audience over the head .
Mac gets a rare opportunity to showcase his true dramatic range as an actor .
Mr. 3000 has nothing extraordinary to contribute to the ever-growing pile of sports movies with an ineffective artillery of weak comedy and romance .
Somewhat surprising twist at the end makes MR. 3000 interesting , but this happens too late to improve generally disappointing impression of this film .
A solid , enjoyable early Autumn baseball film , and just in time for the MLB playoffs .
It 's a team sport , but the story belongs to the individual , which gives the otherwise comfortable corniness of Mr. 3000 its meta-celebrity subtext .
... easy-going ...
I can think of no compelling reason for anyone but a confirmed Bernie Mac fan wanting to watch it . I was already pretty much out of this ball game just a few innings in .
It 's something that goes through the motions of being a movie without really bothering to make it all the way through .
A minor league film about major league baseball .
A film with some real heart ...
There are big laughs along the way , but it 's Mr. 3000 's unflinchingness in reaching feelgood payoffs that 's most gripping .
This is a story about a guy who realizes that it 's not what you accomplish in life that matters but the grace with which you accomplish it .
Sure , Mr. 3000 may be a mere bunt in a traditional game that fancies majestic home runs but it is nevertheless the impact of the hit that counts at the moment .
It 's not that the jokes are n't funny . It 's that the jokes are n't THERE .
As a comedy , Mr. 3000 is something just a little better than a whiff . The emotional change-up near the end could just turn it into a pinch hit , though .
Reminiscent of those soggy comedies Disney used to churn out during the 90s -- the ones that starred Jim Belushi . Yet Mac manages to elevate it to the middle of the standings .
The easygoing Mr. 3000 is expertly crafted to highlight Bernie Mac 's strengths .
It 's a solid base hit .
This role is tailor-made for Mac and he hits this performance out of the park .
Bernic Mac really scores with this one .
A good struggle for a fun baseball comeback film !
Bernie Mac 's ear to ear smile and personal charisma help him knock this one out of the park .
Mac , smooth and funny as ever , ... gives an all-star effort for a losing cause .
This is your standard genre fare : Smart-ass player gets schooled , finds love , and is redeemed in time for the final big game .
A pleasant film in a genre where pleasant just means you 're not trying hard enough .
An uncompromisingly grown-up comedy that any willing adult can see in any multiplex in the country .
Overall , it is a fun fluff of a movie that is good at what it wants to be , and not much more than that .
Mac is superb as the egomaniacal man boy finally getting his come-uppance and needing to change his game . Angela Bassett is a warm , sexy plus as a sportscaster and former love interest .
Good-looking and smooth , with a great soundtrack ...
Even though it scores more bunts than home runs , Mr. 3000 does succeed in demonstrating that Bernie Mac can carry a film on his own .
A script portraying just about every sports fan and ball player as a jerk can hardly justify its feel-good ending .
Mid-life change is a difficult subject to depict on the screen , and this predictable film misses the mark by making it look too easy .
Akin to a baseball game turned into a feature film , Mr. 3000 is n't so much bad as it is terminally empty .
like two Syd Field books falling in love
Mac hits a stand-up double with Mr. 3000 , his first major leading role
Mr. 3000 does n't quite make it into the hall of fame of classic baseball comedies , but it captures the spirit of the game .
The script is much like a nine-inning sitcom that uses an obvious formula to tell a familiar story while garnering cheap laughs .
Although the writing and direction are flabby , the drama contrived and the romance utterly unbelievable .
Bassett and Mac deserve better vehicles for their charm and talent .
The film may commit some fouls but never strikes out .
An intermittently charming remake of the 1992 Tom Selleck yarn Mr. Baseball .
It 's no Bull Durham , but it certainly gives Major League a run for its money .
Slumps under the weight of product endorsements and a misguided romantic subplot .
Win points for the honest way it portrays the aged Ross ' return to a young man 's game .
Even the weakest baseball films absorb some of the charm of the game . Mr. 3000 does that , and throws in a lot of Bernie Mac laughs in the bargain .
Comes up a few laughs short of being something worth leaving the house for .
-LSB- Mac -RSB- gives surprising wisdom and heart -- along with the laughs -- to what could have been just another generic baseball comedy .
Director Charles Stone III and writers Eric Champnella , Keith Mitchell and Howard Michael Gould have reconfigured a sports movie plot to bring to it depth as well as laughter , and , better yet , made it unpredictable .
The movie is only fun for as long as Mac is on the devil 's team .
If the role of Ross was not written for Mac , it was certainly tailored for him . Just as a champion athlete carries a team on his back , Mac carries the film .
Bernie Mac is too talented to be wasting his time in movies like Mr. 3000 . And you 'd be wise not to waste your time with it as well .
Mr. 3000 is devoid of easy-to-do buffoonery , allowing the characters to have some layers .
Predictable and lacking any sort of edge .
A comedy with bite .
A halfway entertaining movie .
Seldom have I seen a film with a more predictable denouement , but Mac transforms this bombastic movie spectacle into a personal and intimate moment of reflection .
Bernie Mac gives a funny and kind of touching performance as a man who attains greatness once and then has to do it again .
A surprisingly laid-back -- at times even morose -- comedy .
I have seen America 's newest movie star , and his name is Bernie Mac .
Bernie Mac knocks it out of the park as an arrogant former superstar in Mr. 3000 , a surprisingly edgy comedy that presents perhaps Hollywood 's least flattering portrait ever of Major League Baseball .
There are only a handful of surprises in Mr. 3000 . Happily , they 're all good ones .
An engaging , if erratic , comedy .
Like romantic comedies , sports movies follow a basic formula . It 's not a good idea to deviate from it much , and there 's no need to worry about Mr. 3000 here .
A lack of laughs places this ESPN-infused Bernie Mac vehicle in the already overstuffed bin of forgettable sports comedies .
Mr. 3000 is n't so much a movie as it is a two-hour commercial for products ranging from Gatorade to Viagra .
Mr. 3000 is not the film that will get Mac over the top , but it should guarantee him a few more at-bats .
... as deceptive as a pitch in tee ball .
Bernie Mac is great ! This movie is funny ! Ignore the lame commercials/trailers and check it out !
They took what easily could have been little league humor and made it worthy of ` going to the show ' .
Well , sports fans , it looks like Hollywood has underestimated our collective intelligence again .
... a passable offering , for anyone who likes Bernie Mac ...
Some of the screenplay is so skillful that one wonders who the hell wrote the other parts .
As fresh as a highlight reel of day-after replays , Mr. 3000 is a case of major-league talent stuck in a minor-league story .
In creating the breathtakingly arrogant baseball player Stan Ross , Bernie Mac gives moviegoers a character they love to hate , then a newly humbled character they can root for .
Bernie Mac 's ... vehicle may be more like an Acura than a Porsche , but it gets decent mileage out of its mildly funny character comedy .
Mr. 3000 is not a great movie , but it 's affectionate . It reveals the cuddly side of Mac . It reimagines midlife romance with the warmth of a Spencer Tracy-Katharine Hepburn movie , if without its wit .
Mac makes the most of the set-up .
For a movie with such a big number in its title , Mr. 3000 never amounts to much .
The subtlety of Mac 's acting in this unusual , coming-of-age comedy may surprise some fans .
Bernie Mac makes this slight sports comedy worth watching , taking the laughs well into the bottom of the ninth .
A genuinely likable film about a guy who 's pretty unlikable .
As far as baseball movies go , Mr. 3000 may not be considered a classic , but ... it 'll still get you to sing `` Take Me Out to the Ball Game . ''
Mr. 3000 is the best baseball movie since Bull Durham -- it goes easy on the grandeur-of-the-game blather that usually mucks up baseball movies and shows us some of that grandeur , instead .
A baseball film that has its heart in the right place but struggles to generate laughs .
The story has all the honest spontaneity of a postgame interview .
Clear and formulaic from the onset is Ross ' path to self-discovery .
Bernie Mac is effortlessly funny and constantly likable , even when he 's acting like a jerk , and that 's what saves Mr. 3000 from the scrap heap of broken baseball movie dreams .
Any movie that goes to the well twice for a Jay Leno appearance suffers from comedic dehydration .
The first really captivating film of the fall season .
Thankfully , Mac is a funny man and saves us from a dreadful night at the Cineplex .
Mr. 3000 ends with a terrific joke involving Viagra that coldly reminds just what type of film this could 've been had Charles Stone allowed Bernie Mac to run with it .
Squanders Mac 's natural gift of salty gruffness by shoehorning him into a dull , heartwarming cinematic lesson on humility and the joys of teamwork .
Stone ca n't get much movement on his slider .
A cinematic foul ball that , despite all Mac 's efforts , does n't reach the comedy playoffs .
A sports movie that lacks any suspense or dramatic tension about what transpires on the field , and Mac plays such a self-absorbed jerk through most of the film that rooting interest is minimal .
In his first at-bat as leading man , charismatic funnyman Bernie Mac delivers a winning turn as a retired 47-year-old baseball great making an unlikely comeback .
-LRB- Director -RRB- Stone and his star honor to the heart of the game and provide enough comedy curve balls to stay above the fray of the encroaching clichés .
The movie drags so much in the opening acts that it saps much of the funny right out of Mac 's performance .
The success of the film falls squarely on the shoulders of its star , Bernie Mac , ... -LSB- who -RSB- brings a palpable and infectious sense of how much he enjoys being himself
Mac displays the same rough charm that we see on his TV show and in his supporting roles .

@highlight

Bernie Mac demonstrates he can play the game even if the movie 's a few innings short of a complete game .