The charm from the original short films of the 60s , 70s and 80s are back
A charming and delightful film that the whole family can enjoy .
It will entrance your kids and make them giggle and laugh and use their imaginations and want to create whole adventures .
Winnie the Pooh is a charming addition to the Pooh collection of animated family films .
It 's nice to see that Disney wants to introduce tykes to the magic of going to the movies with family fare this gentle and warm .
The writers and directors make it work by never losing sight of the spirit of the characters , world , and Milne : imagination , innocence , and heaps of heart .
It 's refreshing and invigorating to watch a new animated picture where we can still see the penciled-in sketches of the characters ' eyebrows and wind-ruffled clothing .
A back-to-basics charmer evoking the Pooh short films from the '60s and '70s . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
At 63 minutes , the film is not too long , not too short , but just right .
As props and as emblems , as metaphors and things , the words are the basis of friendship , the means to understanding and communication and sharing .
One of the film 's new songs really sums it up : `` Everything is honey and life is sweet . ''
As childlike and as innocent as the audience it hopes to attract
These fourth wall breaking techniques never feel like meta intrusions on the material but like a child 's interaction with a parent reading the tales .
This is a fantastic family movie-going experience .
Perfect for kids ten and under - the rest of us will just have to grin and bear it !
A benign , tot-oriented fable sharing a heartwarming message about the true meaning of friendship .
... sweet kiddie entertainment , with charming songs ...
It 's beautifully handled by directors Stephen J. Anderson and Don Hall , everything working on the perfect childlike level that speaks directly to the youngest of children without ever once talking down to them .
Winnie the Pooh generates smiles and chuckles from start to finish with its good-natured , episodic story of Pooh and friends going on a wild-goose chase to find a supposedly missing Christopher Robin ...
Winnie the Pooh does n't reinvent the wheel , just gives it an affectionate spin , and that is no more and no less than what one would hope from a family reunion .
Occasionally , some clever lines emerge , but the movie mostly fails to charm .
A bright , cuddly blend of watercolor warmth and comfy , cozy nostalgia .
Pre-school kids and sentimental grownups will be suitably enthralled .
A wonderful little sweetheart of a movie .
If you do n't mind paying full price for something so brief , you 'll be delighted to find a musically driven film the whole family can enjoy .
Whether you know it or not , you 're nostalgic for what Pooh has to offer . Also , if your little one has n't seen a film in the theater yet , this is the perfect starter .
Harmless , but unnecessary ; it does n't improve upon the 1960s shorts , and it 's certainly no substitute for reading the original stories aloud with children ...
I had no idea how much Winnie the Pooh meant to me until I saw this film .
Not least among the deep and abiding pleasures of the movie is how it shows that ... filmmakers are still capable of treating children and childhood with the utmost gravity and dignity .
A sweet ode to the works of A.A. Milne is `` Winnie the Pooh , '' a beautifully animated tale that brings the beloved characters back to the big screen again .
Directors Stephen J. Anderson and Don Hall actually seem to have read Milne 's tales and have created one of their own that does n't feel torpid and sanitized .
It 's a pleasure to sink into an animated family movie from Disney that radiates charm with a gentleness that seems damn near revolutionary .
An absolute delight from start to finish that will have viewers feeling the same kind of warm and friendly glow normally associated with a yummy pot of hunny .
In an era of hyperactive , overly verbal 3-D animated entertainment , I hope there is still room for a film as sweet and gentle as Winnie the Pooh . At the screening I attended it seemed like the young adults in the audience were enjoying it even ...
In many ways , it is a good movie for the little one who is ready for his or her first cinematic experience .
Simple , bright and engrossing stuff for small children . There are no winking references for adults . But at this time of year , anything that diverts the young ones even for an hour is welcome .
Disney does n't offer much here that it has n't done as well before .
`` Winnie the Pooh '' is a very full jar of honey indeed .
This is indeed good old Pooh , nothing to fear . No space robots or serial killers have been added to the cast .
While most of the world is standing in packed lines to see Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows : Part 2 , real magic can be found in Winnie the Pooh .
One would have to have a heart of cold temperament to find much -- if anything -- wrong with the animated adventure Winnie the Pooh .
Adorable big-screen Pooh adaptation is short and sweet .
This Winnie the Pooh is , in every respect , a fitting tribute to author A.A. Milne and his illustrator E.H. Shepard .
An unexpected gift , an unlikely return to a magical and gentle world that belongs so firmly to the past that I would have thought the journey all but impossible .
Adult filmgoers without towheads in tow may `` pooh-pooh '' this delightful , no-frills adaptation , but kids will have a wonderful time .
Winnie the Pooh will make big people remember their childhoods . And small people will have fun getting to know all of us in the Hundred Acre Wood .
The under-5 set in particular should enjoy Pooh 's goofy antics .
A lovely storybook tale well-told . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
It 's a surprisingly solid , often charming effort .
The world of Winnie the Pooh and the Hundred Acre Wood is a quiet , gentle , kind , generous place . In other words , it 's the exact opposite of every single other children 's film or TV show in existence in the year 2011 .
The film works as a lovely update of Disney 's 1977 feature The Many Adventures Of Winnie The Pooh , adding a tender undercurrent of nostalgia for the adults in the audience , subtly encouraging us to remember how it felt to discover Milne 's stories .
`` Winnie the Pooh '' is such a relief from all the other movies yelling at us in theaters that it 's like smoothing Noxzema on a wicked sunburn .
There 's no bells and whistles here , no 3-D or useless grey fluff , just Pooh as he 's always been , silly and true .
Clocking in at a zippy 63 minutes , the story is precisely the right length for squirmy tots and concludes before the minimal plot grows stale for adults .
The 1966-1974 `` Winnie the Pooh '' shorts that used to air on Disney 's Sunday night program were thinly plotted , simply drawn and replete with silly songs and jokes for third-graders . Why mess with perfection ?
It does n't matter that the film is just for kids . When it does its job right , everyone watching it is a kid .
-LSB- A -RSB- reunion with old friends is always worthwhile .
It 's a charmer , yes , but let 's just say it has none of the nostalgic emotion of its wonderful , somewhat misleading trailer .
The best thing about this new Winnie the Pooh is that it is very much like the films that came before it-timeless and wholesome .
Reassuring on such a deep level because the characters are aspects of each of us and each of their struggles and mistakes feels very true to us .
It 's trickier than it looks to make a movie that offends absolutely nobody , but Winnie the Pooh is as close as it gets .
The makers of `` Winnie the Pooh '' had enough material for a good 65 minutes , and so they did something unusual , practically unheard of in modern times . They made a 65-minute movie .
While his movie does n't stand a chance at the box office , Pooh succeeds by embracing much of what modern films ... have largely forgotten : old-fashioned movie pleasures .
`` Winnie the Pooh '' may not be a movie that grown-ups seek out on their own , but it may make some of them jealous of the 4-year-olds who are making the noble bear 's acquaintance for the first time .
Winnie the Pooh revives the charm of the original Walt Disney franchise by returning to the source -- the A.A. Milne books about Christopher Robin and his stuffed animals as they learn life lessons amidst their adventures .
Proves a fitting tribute to one of the last century 's most enduring children 's tales .
`` Winnie the Pooh 's '' new innovations are welcome and the film is charming from start to finish .
This sweet , low-key , and utterly lovable movie reminds us that `` fun for all ages '' is n't just a marketing come-on .
It 's classically Disney , as if Walt himself -LRB- actually , John Cleese -RRB- were reading us a story .
-LSB- It -RSB- has a visual and emotional artistry that depicts the value of committed friendships , highlighting challenges that may come along . Yet what it expresses most of all is the sheer fun and joy these experiences can bring .
Sweetly , agreeably traditional .
a sweet , subtle expression of friendship and imagination
After a summerlong rampage of Hollywood 's obnoxious misbehavior , Pooh is mercifully without sting .
Recalls the beguiling lightness of the good old Disney , where clever visual and thematic feats are deftly interwoven and yet tossed off with an insouciance that favors playfulness above all .
Rather than a mind-blowing movie experience , `` Pooh '' is a cinematic snuggle .
Lovable and sweet - it 's delightful to spend time again with that silly old bear .
In an age when the Shrek films make oral sex jokes and Cars 2 flip-flops between tedium and terror , the real pleasure of the gentle , graceful Winnie the Pooh is that it is a kid 's film that really , truly works for kids .
Sweet , gentle and defiantly retro -LRB- the 2-D hand-drawn animation is superb -RRB- , the movie is irresistibly charming .
Light , sweet and gooey , just like hunny -- er , honey . If it 's wrong to vastly enjoy a warm movie about simple pleasures such as food , friends and teamwork , then I do n't want to be right .
In a time of shock-value 3-D animation and special effects , the look of the film is gentle and pleasing .
It 's refreshing to watch a children 's film that moseys along placidly to the soothing rhythms of a beautifully illustrated children 's book rather than attempting to mimic the deafening volume and speed of most children 's entertainment .
The innocence and simplicity of Winnie the Pooh is refreshing in an era of star-powered , smart-mouthed animated spectacles .
A down-to-earth and whimsical screen interpretation of three A. A. Milne inspired tales about fear , friendship , and the importance of play .
Although this is an adaptation of the A.A. Milne tales first published in 1926 , it unleashes an essential quality of dreaming -- and of cinema .
This is just 68 minutes of pure , hunny-covered satisfaction .
The animators tap our nostalgia for Pooh - the Charlie Brown of honey drippers - and for the gently homogenized whimsical flavor that was A.A. Milne gone Magic Kingdom .
If you are looking for a way to quickly bond with your younger kids , this truly is a wonderful hour of entertainment that will leave you smiling .
Imagine that , an entire motion picture built around the innate charms and feisty personalities of its cast of characters , without the need for bathroom humor or story padding . This movie is downright huggable .
This film has the lovingly crafted , storybook feeling that was once Disney 's specialty .
It never feels as if we 're watching a brand-name cash-grab , but instead as if we 're participating in an endlessly imaginative afternoon of play .
A wonderfully faithful throwback to the '60s animated features -LRB- and the original Ernest H. Shepard book illustrations that inspired the studio 's watercolored , 2-D look -RRB- with a modest veneer of postmodern cleverness .
A breezy , bright and enchanting film that proves old-school characters can appeal to new moviegoers .
-LSB- M -RSB- ore of the same old crap we 're feeding our kids these days : Gratuitious destruction of the English language . Partial ursine nudity . Hunny abuse .
Though less morally empowering than Tigger Movie or Piglet 's Big Movie , there 's still something to be said for the film 's crystalline look at friendship and selflessness .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- One of the most deservedly beloved children 's stories of all time gets an affectionate filmic rendering notable for its delicate sense of restraint .
Directors Steve Anderson and Don Hall should be pleased that they have honored one of the most important legacies in the company 's history , and ... parents should feel confident in taking them to see this new generation Pooh .
... -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- concoct something consistently lively and clever and engaging and lovely to look at .
After 85 years consigned to the Hundred Acre Wood , Pooh thankfully displays no signs of aging or getting any wiser . Disney has the right attitude in revisiting the franchise every so often to introduce the gang to a whole new generation .
Enchanting and gentle enough to work for young kids making their first trips to the cinema .
As a child I disliked everything about Christopher Robin , from his nanny 's beautiful blue dressing gown on the door to his dim-witted friends Winnie the Pooh , Eeyore , Tigger et al. . My view has changed little over the years .
A charming tale of a trouserless binge-eater who lives under a tree stump .
Think Ice Age without the spectacle and you 'd be nearly there .
One : why does Pooh sound like an old man ? Two : why does teenager Christopher Robin sound like a six-year-old ? Three : what 's with the rubbish songs ?
Our affection for Winnie The Pooh has n't diminished with time and this delightful animated feature ensures the residents of Hundred Acre Wood will continue to enchant .
The main feature lasts just 54 minutes , with the running time padded out by two unrelated , forgettable shorts and extended closing credits .
The pity is that Disney has n't returned to basics in the voiceovers .
A sweet but strangely low-key affair , not least because of the slight running time .
A gentle , modest pleasure .
Bright , breezy and blissfully 2D .
Even if you have your reservations about the Disneyfication of Winnie The Pooh , you should consider giving this charming film a whirl .
Pooh 's return will no doubt charm both older and younger audiences .
Even at 73 minutes , the adventures of this feckless , hard-living bear feel overextended ...
Guess you ca n't go back , even if your name is Christopher Robin .
With any luck , it will remind audiences where the stories came from and encourage them to open a book .
Above all else , Winnie The Pooh succeeds in its portrayal of the cast of familiar faces . They 're exactly how you remember them .
Younger children will be enthralled ... and there 's also the odd adult-pitched gag to keep the mums and dads happy .
Despite some superb songs and some impressive animation , this is ultimately disappointing , thanks to a general dumbing down of the characters , irritating voice work and a script that 's guaranteed to annoy Pooh purists .
This is a relatively modest film but one that should entertain the very young - along with nostalgic parents and grandparents .
With comfortingly familiar voice work and a brilliantly understated sensibility , it 's every bit as charming , funny and adorable as the classic Pooh shorts of the 60s and 70s .
While it 's very cute , there 's not really much here for anyone over the age of 5 .
As jolly as Tigger , as sweet as honey and as undemanding as a balloon ride , this will delight the wee'uns and put a smile on the face of animation fans of all ages .
Nothing in this film really stands out , it 's one big non-event , but that means at least it wo n't ruin the memory of Pooh for older eyes , it 's far too bland to do that .
Short and sweet , Winnie the Pooh positively refuses to outstay its welcome . It takes us by the hand and quietly reminds us of a simpler time when 3D and CGI were a mere twinkle in someone 's eye .
Disney has done plenty right by the Hundred Acre Wood gang in its latest bigscreen outing , preserving the traditional hand-drawn appearance and gently whimsical storytelling of the A.A. Milne-based series in an era of CG-animated , 3D-accentuated excess .
Little kids will enjoy it all , while parents , when not checking their cell phones , will be thankful for the thoughtfully brief running time .



@highlight

Short , nostalgic , and gently whimsical , Winnie the Pooh offers young audiences -- and their parents -- a sweetly traditional family treat .