The film creates both a fresh text from old conventions and fresh kills with innocuous objects .
You 're Next made me jump out of my seat three times . In scary movie terms that 's surely job done .
Once past a formulaic opening , the picture opens up into something else entirely , ending up as one of the better slasher movies to hit the big screen -LSB- in decades -RSB- .
Screenwriter Simon Barrett masterfully blends horror and pitch black comedy throughout his story , and continuously finds clever ways to subvert the typical cat and mouse games we 're used to seeing in these types of projects .
Like an awesome grab bag of the best horror films from the past 30 years packed into a fun and exhilarating horror thriller .
Flirts with being a meta-horror movie , which can be a way of making a routine slasher flick while making fun of routine slasher flicks .
You 're Next might be one of the most audience-gratifying horror films I 've seen in quite a long time , rewarding the viewers as much as it likes to screw with them .
Not the perfect horror movie , but GORE-iffic nonetheless .
Not every slasher can be as smart as `` The Cabin in the Woods '' or `` Scream , '' but if they were n't going to at least try something new -LRB- or at least come up with a better mid-way reveal -RRB- , then why bother at all ?
Tthis run-of-the-mill slash - 'em - up flick has been floating around for two years looking for a distributor . Unfortunately , it found one .
Given its title , you can be forgiven for assuming that Adam Wingard 's home-invasion thriller will be just another blood-soaked body-count flick . But You 're Next is better than that . A lot better .
By slasher standards , the writing is good , with interesting turns and surprises . And the acting is n't bad , either , though Vinson is the one to remember .
A sick , scary , and exciting amalgam of `` Fortress , '' and `` Straw Dogs , '' with a hint of Richard Connell 's `` The Most Dangerous Game . ''
Amidst all the slashing and killing , director Adam Wingard -LRB- working off a script by Simon Barrett -RRB- injects a good deal of dark fun into the proceedings , especially when it comes to unmasking the psychos terrorising the family .
If you 're a fan of clever stalk 'n' slash horror movies , ` You 're Next ' should be your next choice . It 's a fresh spin on the ever-popular ` home invasion ' movies that have been around for years .
Director Luis Buñuel would be proud of the scabrous scene in which the Davison clan sits down to supper and the civilized bourgeois meal turns to rot before our eyes .
A thriller that indeed does thrill through suspense and wit , particularly in its rather inspired spins on all-too-familiar genre tropes .
You 're Next is pretty satisfying as a semi-horror film , sparring gamely with genre conventions rather than embracing or spoofing them outright .
Mumblecore may be dead but mumblegore is alive and , well , pretty grisly , judging from this tongue-in-cheek , blender-in-head home-invasion horror thriller notable for its go-for-broke brashness and what-the-hell spirit .
Make sure to check out this fresh scary movie with just enough thrills to have you jumping out of your seat .
The screenplay has some commendably good ideas , namely the reason for Erin 's proficiency at survival , and also the twist in the plot that explains why the killings are happening . It also has a really silly one
a smart , gory , and often darkly comical variant on the home invasion horror-thriller
While I did n't like ` You 're Next , ' I think it was pretty well made and it did what it was supposed to do . It scared me and repulsed me a little .
It has some truly creepy moments early on , as well as an authentic ruthlessness and some black humour .
As glib and gory as it is , You 're Next is a swift and energetic tweak of the dumb home invasion genre .
There comes a point where the difference between bad-on-purpose and just-plain-bad is wholly academic .
... not especially original or complex , but it might deliver the goods for genre aficionados .
Although the set-up remains distinctly stupid - the plot exists purely to service its own excesses - those who like to laugh at moments of gross violence should find their ribs are involuntarily tickled .
You 're Next is simultaneously a home invasion horror movie and a commentary on home invasion horror movies . That it does both equally well is a real achievement .
The film 's big problem is only too familiar . The victims are so cliched that we never care about them , still less identify with them .
It 's very low budget but made with some flair .
A smart alec horror of the highest order , Adam Wingard 's You 're Next revels in the thrill of taking a hatchet to the face of indie cinema 's most well-worn archetype : the upper middle class family .
Horror fans may indulge this movie ; I found it derivative and forced .
Wildly over-praised by audiences desperate for a scary horror movie , this film has little more than the germ of a solid idea followed by a series of predictable cliches .
Too often , audience expectations are built up only for the payoff to fall short .
The camera placement has the edgy verve of early John Carpenter , and the sound design throbs with an enveloping , avant-garde menace .
Better than expected but still nothing to get too excited about .
While it does n't quite subvert genre expectations as much as it could have , You 're Next delivers irreverent thrills by way of savage violence , lashings of dark humour , and a steely performance from Sharni Vinson .
How do you breathe new life into the tired home invasion horror ? Adam Wingard has the answer .
Wingard amusingly blends a vicious household dynamic - grim sibling rivalry in train with neurotic parents - with a straight-down-the-line home invasion thriller feeding off family hatred .
You 're Next is far too derivative to appear to anyone but hardcore slasher-movie fans with low-standards .
An unevenly acted , moderately efficient home-invasion picture with an old-as-the-hills plot Scotch-taped to it .
It 's scary and often graphic , but as the action escalates to the point of absurdity , the spirit of early Sam Raimi starts to creep into both the action and the dialogue .
`` You 're Next '' is a simultaneously nihilistic and grossly incompetent horror homage .
You 're Next shakes up the genre after a raft of recent contenders , such as the slicker-looking -LRB- but less effective -RRB- The Purge .
Fairly routine brunette-fighting-for-survival stuff with a liberal dose of dark humour .
finely observed social comedy of dysfunctional manners is slyly infiltrated by bloody home invasion tropes , & the generational decline of the haute bourgeoisie fast gives way to a more fundamental -LRB- but intimately related -RRB- struggle for survival .
Outside of this assembling of like minds , not many actual ideas are generated .
You 're Next -LSB- is -RSB- a damn good time at the pictures . If you 're looking for filmmakers about to blow up , big time , they 're next .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- parcel out the gross-out moments carefully at first , building up the bump-in-the-night surprises without drenching the whole enterprise in fake blood .
A mediocre , late-summer slasher , filled with pointless carnage .
Sharni Vinson kicks some serious butt , in this very watchable horror romp from Adam Wingard .
Smug and unfocused , falling prey to the very genre clichés it presumes to upend .
You 're Next attacks the home invasion genre with life and energy , providing the best sub-genre experience since the original Funny Games .
a smartly devised horror movie masquerading as a really dumb one
Nothing helps horror more than humor . People being hacked to pieces by a machete or having their throats cut just are n't topics that typically brings gales of laughter .
There 's enough innovation and enthusiasm for the horror genre present in You 're Next to make it worth recommending to gore-hounds and hardcore horror lovers .
The rare horror film that critics and genre fans can actually enjoy .
The best thing is to sit back and enjoy the discomfort .
Unlike so many horror films , You 're Next does n't cheat with the script for the sake of the action .
You 're Next offers the perfect set-up for a home invasion film : a family 's weekend reunion at a secluded estate with murderous masked intruders .
Just as I was starting to think of it as a `` motiveless psychos terrorize rich family '' movie -LRB- a la The Purge -RRB- , it gave me good reasons to watch .
Ultimately , You 're Next is fun , scary and smart , with a mastery of the genre that manipulates audiences by scaring them with techniques they 've experienced , and then surprising them with creative choices that they have n't .
The characters are written so absent-mindedly that it 's on the verge of world record stupidity . Its poor writing , bad acting , and stupidly predictable outcome ruin the few good things You 're Next has going for it .
It 's fair to note a certain similarity to certain home-invasion films of recent make . In the end , however , Wingard 's film is its own subset of fractious family crazy .
Home invasion thrillers seem to come along every five minutes ... Kudos then to indie director Adam Wingard for kicking in with some fresh ideas .
You 're Next aims for the middle and lands there .
Yet another home-invasion body-count movie , the just-released 2011 effort You 're Next adds humor to the mix - with mixed results ...
Maybe , in another time and place , and with different actors and a better director , it might have worked . But this thing collapses right from the get-go .
`` You 're Next '' finds its bullseye in the dark humor of familial ruthlessness and sibling rivalry .
There 's really nothing new that we have n't seen before , although the change in tone from serious to comedy-tinged at least makes all of the blood , gore and standard killings go down a bit easier . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
Satisfies the expectations of Midnight Madness gore hounds - and then it happily goes about exceeding those expectations .
A well-executed horror-comedy ...
Most of these characters are disagreeable , so the prospect of their imminent demise is n't too upsetting .
Funny and tense , rather than hilarious and terrifying , You 're Next does n't rip up the rulebook but it 's definitely read it .
A wickedly clever play on the genre that takes you by the scruff of the neck and drags you through 90 minutes of the most inventive mayhem , murder , and pitch-black comedy you 're likely to see this year .
Although there 's a twist in this tale , most of it - the brutal home invasion , the anonymous creeps in spooky masks - is stuff we 've seen before . And Wingard does n't think of a new way to show it , either ...
This is smart , frightening , and funny material that 's an invigorating kick in the genre 's ass .
You 're Next wants to mess with our expectations , and by doing so , delivers the shivers .
... maybe the best answer to what 's next for `` You 're Next '' is a legitimate stab at full-fledged stardom for genuine scene-stealer Sharni Vinson .
It 's not exactly an instant classic , but You 're Next is a horror movie lover 's treat that embraces as many genre tropes as it subverts .
You 're Next brazenly merges the home-invasion thriller with the dysfunctional family dramedy .
This uninhibited slasher movie has sick-joke humor and variety -- it 's more of a hack , chop , slice , dice and purée film .
Injecting the home-invasion thriller with fresh DNA , Adam Wingard 's `` You 're Next '' strays just enough from formula to tweak our jaded appetites .
A film of repetition , a bloody dance consisting of three steps : stab , scream , repeat .
It clicks as an exercise in suspense and well-paced , slowly unfolding answers .
a bit of a one trick pony - once the ` surprise ' is revealed , it mostly just goes through the motions .
Oh , it 's horrific , all right : wooden performances and stilted exposition , punctuated by bouts of random bloody sadism .
A clever , genuine and crisply chilling take on terror that should appeal to cinephiles and Saturday night popcorn-throwers alike .
A taut , garish gut-wrencher about a family attacked by masked gate-crashers , it 's presented with audacious mastery of its pulp material .
A smart , feral flick with a wicked sense of humor .
`` You 're Next '' draws on the home invasion/haunted house scenario , but outclasses -LSB- other films -RSB- with its wit , irony , and technically proficient terror .
You 're Next does n't do much with the genre that has n't been covered in the 1970s by Straw Dogs , The Last House on the Left or Black Christmas , or in the 2000 's by Straw Dogs , The Last House on the Left or Black Christmas .
The film begins as an utterly routine horror flick with all the usual musty tricks , but that 's just rope-a-dope . The expectation of stupidity makes the cleverness to follow stand out .
Every issue I had with You 're Next was beat into bloody submission by what works about it - it 's a primal force of a movie , a sledgehammer to a genre in need of waking up .
What had been a chaotic free-for-all becomes a butt-kicking crowd-pleaser once the hero surfaces to take charge .
The film falls flat on its face as many times as its murdered characters and ends up as a barbaric waste of time , lacking any genuine scares or unique qualities .
Wingard does pull off a few stylish setpieces : He is clearly talented . But the movie , which was shot two years ago and has been kicking around the film festival circuit since then , feels dated and trite .
Exploitation aficionados who bemoan the Disneyfication of Times Square and the loss of the amazing , decrepit grand dames of grindhouse that lined West 42nd Street will feel a frisson of memory as strong as anything prompted by a Proust madeleine .
So superbly conceived and carried out , so draped in tension yet also naturally funny in its tonal command , that it seems nearly impossible not to walk out of the film on a nervy , satisfied high .
Thin excuses to trot out the usual sequences of maniacs busting through windows and gleeful deaths that add layers of bloodlust-fueling cruelty the film 's premise does n't support .
It 's not for the squeamish . Fortunately , it was n't made by or for idiots either .
`` You 're Next '' tries , somewhat valiantly , to add new twists to the usual bloody horror-flick shenanigans . But aside from a few fresh chords , it 's same-old , same-old .
The family 's reactions and fights for survival are played for laughs just as often as shock , and the horror/comedy blend pays off .
The surprisingly adept mixture of tones ... is offbeat enough to keep even hardened connoisseurs of body-count entertainment on their toes .
What the film lacks in originality it mostly makes for in personality-a quality fatally lacking from too many contemporary extreme-horror offerings .
It kicks ass with the abandon of a place kicker . There 's so much kickage that the filmmakers no doubt had to wear special shoes .
A deliciously dark exercise in slicing 'n' dicing , Adam Wingard 's indie horror You 're Next gleefully revels in its nerve-tingling unpleasantness - and makes sure its audience does , too .
It 's a blast , perhaps best experienced with a theater packed with horror fans -- insiders already on the production 's wavelength , able to appreciate the subtle twists of formula contained within .
The film 's transformation from bleeding-out grim to blender-on-the-head silly is pretty hard to take .
Do n't you just love when movies are aware of themselves , their limitations and focus on what they do well ?
The `` Home Alone '' of horror movies ! Prepare accordingly and you should n't be disappointed .
You 're Next wants you to leave the theater with a big dumbass grin on your face . It succeeds .
To put it simply : miss it , and you 're missing the most entertaining American horror film in years .
While it misses the mark in some important areas it comes far closer than most . And bottom line ? It 's a fun and bloody good time at the movies .
The only thing more terrifying than a home invasion is a home invasion carried out by people wearing spooky masks .
A tautly-edited , harrowing adventure that kept this critic on the edge of my seat and constantly reminding myself that ` It 's only a movie . '
Nothing here is new , but you ca n't call expert craft like this warmed-over . Solidly satisfying with ruthless forward momentum , the film plays like a minor triumph .
A thoroughly repulsive picture that 's even worse when it tries to add some dark humor to the grisly mix of carnage and gore .
A film made by people who clearly love the genre and have skillfully taken a simple premise and infused it with laughs and scares to craft what may be the most downright entertaining horror film of the year .
This is one of the most creative , original , genre exploring blood baths in a good long while .
Wingard is on his way to becoming the next Sam Raimi , and You 're Next may well be your next favourite horror film .
The frights are passable , the foreshadowing telling and the humor - sick as it is - quite funny .
You 're Next always keeps itself fun , always keeps itself moving and always gives the audience something to care about . What a weird gimmick : they made a movie that 's actually just really good .
It 's like watching a nature show where the gazelle turns to the hyena and says , `` God , already - just get it over with . ''
A nasty little slasher film that starts poorly but gets better once most of the cast has been butchered .
You 're Next does n't break new ground in the horror genre , but it sticks to rules that work
There may be no great originality on display in You 're Next , the latest indie horror opus from Adam Wingard , but there 's certainly plenty of energy .
Like THE CONJURING , proves that horror movies can be ambitious , sophisticated , and R-rated without being schlock . Highly recommended .
The most nerve-racking horror film to come out in a long time , You 're Next is a blast , from the viciously intriguing beginning to the humorously nihilistic ending .
While the filmmakers clearly did their homework on how to make a scary gorefest , they fail to give us something that feels particularly new or different .
It 's often funny , exciting and harrowing , and has some better-than-average character work supporting its familiar premise -LRB- masked thugs terrorize a well-to-do family in a remote mansion -RRB- .
Effective scares and an excellent shift in gear mid-film ensure that it not only hurdles the generic slasher label , it fearlessly does a triple somersault over it
A rare example of satisfying horror-comedy , a crowd-pleaser laced with some hilariously gruesome violence .
You 're Next reminds us how much fun it can be when the filmmakers have fun with an audience .
If horror 's your bag , You 're Next should be your next . Movie to see . Is what I 'm saying .
Where Agatha Christie 's fiction took you towards many of the very same solutions , You 're Next ups the stakes to having its protagonists fight back and that only adds to the level of insane pleasure .
While it is n't quite the groundbreaking genre triumph many initially made it out to be , it is still a whole lot of fun . Barrett and Wingard are clever filmmakers , but unlike many modern day horror directors , their cleverness never gets in the way .
An incredibly fun scary movie .
The best thing I can say about the violent indie horror/thriller You 're Next is that it had a kick-ass heroine and some creepy animal masks .
You 're Next is stand up and cheer style horror . It 's the kind of horror film that comes along once every decade , announces its supremacy and then shoves an axe into someone 's face .
A superior home-invasion thriller ...
An energetic mix of dark comedy , senseless violence , satisfying surprises , and good old-fashioned mayhem .
Proof positive that not all `` home invasion '' horror movies have to be bleak and miserable .

@highlight

You 're Next 's energetic and effective mix of brutal gore and pitch black humor will please horror buffs and beyond .