Superficial , cynical and irritating dramedy about hustling Big Apple dwellers trying to score sex or make a fast buck or live a hedonist amoral life .
The slapdash plot , paper-thin characters , misogynist undertones , and mechanical crosscutting are all soft-core standbys .
Not in the foreseeable future , that 's when , assuming your name is James Toback and you insist on making phonily provocative movies .
Many viewers will be turned off by this depraved look inside the darkest corners of one filmmaker 's psyche , but I found it refreshing and quite daring .
Too pointless to be artsy and too decorous to be sexy .
Tries hard to be endearingly eccentric but crashes in a web of its own convolution .
Campbell is clearly having a great time with such a duplicitous , multi-layered character and as a result , it 's her sexiest performance to date .
If you 're looking for something hip , brisk and sexy , then this is a pretty decent proposal .
Despite the fact that the central character is a very strong woman , the film is essentially a male fantasy .
-LSB- Do n't -RSB- mistake it for anything new .
The most disturbing aspect is that Vera 's selfish introversion does n't require dramatic exaggeration ; the extent of her greed is common enough to almost pass unnoticed .
As desnecessárias participações especiais irritam um pouco , mas as fascinantes conversas entre Vera e seus admiradores salvam o filme .
The story behind this deeply explicit drama often falls short -- in fact , it 's arguable if there even is a story -- but the quality of its words keeps it fresh and compelling .
Careening and indulgent ... a triple-loose oration on gender , power , wealth and age that asserts its points without ever owning them .
Mr. Weller 's Ford Welles attains a new extreme of self-loathing on Mr. Toback 's part : This compulsive chain-talker has even less charm , substance , dignity or wit than any of his self-hating predecessors .
The opening and closing nude scenes serve no purpose in the story except to sell tickets - Neve , you 've been pimped .
Another art film that 's more pretentious than it needs to be .
This is an old and familiar tune in fiction , but , like the modern musicians he admires , Toback has sampled , rearranged and given new life to the song .
Most atrocious movies build into their badness , as lacks of talent , ideas , self-confidence , or a total hatred of an audience , are revealed . This one gets it out of the way up front and never looks back .
Like a jazz solo that touches familiar themes on its way to a triumphant and unexpected conclusion .
Collapses under the weight of its own pretension , a victim of misogyny trying to pass itself off as female sexual empowerment .
Weller has a bright future ; he 's compelling and funny as Ford . Campbell , with her little-girl voice and easy , guileless smile , is the perfect choice for the role of a woman everyone underestimates .
Toback does n't seem to have much more in mind than looking for new ways to give his festering observations about Manhattan a kinky pull on the whiskers .
A funny , sexy and always compelling report from the front lines of the never-ending battle between the sexes .
The conglomeration of shtick never adds up to be anything particularly interesting , the story has no compulsion or bite as a dark melodrama or psychological voyeurism .
Fascinating and irritating , but more the former than the latter .
When Will I Be Loved is n't so much a variation on the indie director 's earlier themes as it is an amusing riff .
Once you get past the sleazy residue of the borderline soft-core porn scenes , When Will I Be Loved gets into a kind of low-rent Cassavetes groove .
It offers no new insights into the corrupting effects of money and erotic power .
Toback 's tangled noirish plot , with Vera as a post-feminist femme fatale , is n't particularly clever or original . Nor is its feminist slant totally convincing .
It 's unfortunate that , nudity and all , this is one of Toback 's absolute worst efforts .
About half an hour worth of story seasoned with a lot of sex and other padding . More failed experiment in speed film production than serious attempt at making a feature film .
Part Indecent Proposal , part Toback wordiness and is so short it feels like a one-act play with a curtain that never rises again .
Toback makes it perfectly clear that this is a woman making the best out of a man 's world that has hemmed her in .
Campbell is surprisingly good in a role that calls for sweetness on the outside and black-eyed predatory ennui within , while Weller and Chianese deliver their single-notes on the sweet spot .
This is far from a coherent picture , but it does contain a complete performance .
announce Neve Campbell 's transformation into a stunning actress - but it does make clear that she 's ready to be used by a better director
Ca n't we at least pretend that we did n't get into the film business so we could meet beautiful actresses and desperate starlets ? Guess not .
While this is represented as a ` new kind of noir , ' it 's actually just ill-informed , ignorant , nihilistic nonsense .
Toback ... forces his characters to spout the most inane dialogue imaginable ...
Nothing more than brazen indie softcore porn .
There are many enjoyable bits sparkled through and the third act really works , but it 's just a little too uneven .
Neve Campbell is amazing in this film to be able to handle that dialogue .
Another depressing dispatch from the war between the sexes by James Toback .
Campbell 's remarkable and provocative performance rescues Toback 's film from its obvious , even glaring weaknesses .
The -LRB- inadvertent -RRB- question we are left with is , How much is there to know about -LSB- Vera -RSB- anyway ?
The whole picture seems coated with a slimy sheen of drool .
Diverting .
An out-of-touch , misogynist mess of a movie .
The faux-feminist streak that has run through Toback 's recent work feels no less inauthentic this time .
A slim idea for a pulp-fiction short story padded out to 81 minutes with random encounters and celebrity sightings .
Though once capable of writing distinct characters , Toback now populates his pictures with one-dimensional conceits who all talk like undereducated hustlers , from college professors to bottom feeders and international lions of business .
When Will I be Loved is n't a great leap forward for Toback , but it certainly is a step up from the noxious delirium of his last effort , Harvard Man .
There 's always something both depressing and perversely fascinating in watching a bad movie made by a great filmmaker .
Plays like a sustained , 81-minute irritation .
The hustle has always seemed more exciting than the payoff for James Toback . When Will I Be Loved is no exception to this filmmaker 's own idiosyncratic rules of conduct .
Plays like a film made by an aging writer-director who is still trying to prove he 's hip . Instead , it comes off as Larry Clark-Lite -LRB- R -RRB- .
You wo n't like anyone you meet in this trifle , nor care whether anyone gets any bang for his buck .
The story seems like yet another flimsy excuse for the aging auteur to show us how hip and sexually liberated he is .
With its improvisatory tone and loose , rambling structure , which often approaches a total breakdown of coherence , the story takes about half an hour to emerge .
Those who fret that Woody Allen 's finger is no longer on the pulse of New York City can take cold comfort in James Toback 's smudged postcard of a city in thrall to sex and money .
Morphs into a deconstructed remake of Indecent Exposure and it 's downright riveting , with Campbell doing her best acting to date .
Toback 's been known to get windy and heavy-handed with a setup like this . His films tend to get sticky from their overheated yearnings . Yet When Will I Be Loved has a surprisingly airy feel compared to his previous work .
At its best , the movie is a reminder that , among contemporary filmmakers , Toback is perhaps the most keenly perceptive about the way sex can alternately -LRB- or sometimes all at once -RRB- be used as a gift , a toy and a weapon .
A ripe psychosexual compost heap of a drama that emits a provocative scent of rot and nonsense .
Naked Neve Campbell gets painstakingly clean in one of the most beautiful showers I have ever seen .
More wacky than wack .
Maybe it 's the rich milieu , or perhaps it 's Toback 's obsession with sex and money , but there 's something distinctly `` French '' about the film 's vernacular .
Intellectually , you can respect the desire here to mesh low and high culture , black and white culture , and a Hollywood plot with an indie aesthetic , but for all of the ambition , there 's very little that 's able to enhance the characterizations .
Effectively shows us how women can make putty out of men .
An hour 's worth of story with 20 minutes of filler tacked on at the beginning .
Were it not for Campbell 's classy magnetism in the role , the crass motivations behind this episodic pastiche would be easier to reject .


@highlight

Neve Campbell bares all in this seemingly misogynistic trifle .