Hugo falls short in imagining that using one 's talents toward useful work alone satisfies our need for significance . But its message that we are all here for a purpose , endowed by our creator with good gifts , is a rare subject for cinema .
Scorsese luxuriates in artifice , but at its generous best Hugo offers a lovely instance of technology made human and spun from one generation to the next .
Beyond its value as a technical marvel , Hugo 's most rewarding aspect may be the spirit of kindness and community that fills the final act .
A wonderful film about film cloaked in an emotional and deeply rewarding , multi-layered children 's tale .
Hugo is a pleasurable love letter to the art of film-making and a tribute to the early days of cinema .
I ca n't imagine loving movies and not loving Hugo .
A gorgeous , moving and amorous love letter to the very cinema it is born from , and a celebration of the youthful wonder that is concealed in everyone - yes , even those of us resolved to the cynicism of adult thinking .
But once the `` Cinema Paradiso '' - esque celluloid nostalgia bits kick in , it makes total sense why he succumbed to paying lip service to family entertainment in order to make the movie he really wanted to make .
`` Hugo '' is a magical cinematic experience , and a masterpiece so unlike anything Scorsese has made before . Captivating and original , it is the director 's most human film yet .
Henceforth when people speak of movie magic they will think instantly of Martin Scorsese 's mind-blowing ` Hugo . '
Scorsese 's moving and magical tribute to the pioneers of filmmaking .
A children 's film for grownups - grownup film buffs .
A luminous triumph that may just remind you why our hearts leap when the lights go down in a movie theater .
Scorsese is a master storyteller and one of the best directors working today . He does n't need a gimmick like 3-D to prove this . His films speak more than enough for themselves and `` Hugo '' is no exception .
It 's an ode to cinema ; it 's everything that modern cinematic audiences take for granted . This film is Scorsese 's gift to an audience that is n't old enough to have ever heard his name .
If you 've become a little cynical about going to movies due to inflated ticket prices , Michael Bay films and chatty audiences , Hugo may restore your faith in the wonder of cinema .
a paean to the birth and continual rebirth of movie magic
One of the year 's very best , Hugo is a rousing , moving , poignant tale being told on many more levels than what is seen on screen .
... not only pays tribute to the splendors of filmmaking by talking about them but by demonstrating them . It 's a picture for film lovers of all ages .
the most soulful , most personal fiction film in -LSB- Scorsese 's -RSB- career
Hugo is far too charming , welcoming and beautiful to look at to be dismissed as one of those films that critics adore but audiences ignore .
Uma obra com dupla personalidade que inspira sentimentos conflitantes : é fácil admirá-la intelectualmente , mas difícil abraçá-la emocionalmente .
den prospathei idiaitera na kalypsei ton yfologiko toy axtarma , dinontas soy thn entypwsh oti h istoria toy hrwa toy den ton endiaferei kai poly
La imaginación y la perfecta ejecución cinematográfica de Martin Scorsese y su equipo de maestros colaboradores son la llave y la puerta de entrada a este cálido homenaje al arte cinematográfico .
On some very basic levels , Hugo just is n't very good .
This movie is magic and it honors all those magicians like Martin Scorcese who make dreams we can all share .
It is a miraculous achievement that , during this home stretch , engages on levels and in ways few other films can admit to , and as such makes a decided case to be considered as one of the year 's finest achievements .
Scorsese 's unlikely 3D family film takes an agreeably pragmatic stance , that we must embrace the past yet never deny progress .
A movie that needs to be appreciated for its finer aspects and deeper meaning if it is to be appreciated properly , which is noble enough but could feel exclusive to some .
Never mind that the tone wavers and the pace is mostly plodding , the film champions all the right things and the beautifully crafted images -LRB- in 3D glory -RRB- leave a lasting impression
There are many lovely things in this film it is easy to forgive its small shortcomings
Martin Scorsese takes a left turn into family film territory in Hugo and delivers a movie that celebrates the wonders which the imagination can conjure .
An exuberant and meticulous 3D spectacle by one of the greatest filmmakers of all time .
Scorsese , now in the winter of his career , has tapped into his own childlike passion for film with this late-period masterpiece .
It 's not an adventure , but a loving tribute to all the broken things , and those who would fix them .
You can practically feel time stop in sync with the audience 's halted breath . It 's nothing short of wizardry .
Who knew ? The director who put the rage in Raging Bull the fear in Cape Fear and the mean in Mean Streets could make a family-friendly , dazzling 3D film .
In Hugo Scorsese not only tells an important story about early cinema , but delivers a film that is a passionate and convincing reminder of the essential role art and imagination should play in our lives .
Scorsese 's exuberant , magical odyssey transports audiences to the dawn of cinema .
The energy that 's behind all of -LSB- Scorsese 's -RSB- films is definitely present here .
-LSB- Hugo is -RSB- movie that will probably appeal more to hardcore film nerds than to nine-year-olds , unless of course that youngster will grow into a movie geek . If that 's the case , Hugo will be a touchstone in their cinematic development .
Being a hardcore cinephile -LRB- like Scorsese -RRB- might add a layer of enjoyment , but it certainly is n't a prerequisite for walking in the door . A sense of wonder , however , is .
Kingsley , who is surely this generations Robert Duvall -LRB- the man NEVER gives a bad performance -RRB- makes the character of Papa George come to life .
One of the ten best films of 2011 .
As $ 150million public service announcements about the importance of the film preservation movement go , this is one of the best .
A monument to wonder and excitement for all those still in knee socks or short trousers .
Behind the horrible marketing lies a brilliant movie .
A lovely , lavishly constructed dreamscape of long-ago movie magic , told with a spectacular flourish of modern-day movie magic all its own .
Beautifully filmed in 3D it , turns into an education for the viewer on a subject near and dear to director Martin Scorsese 's heart .
Both a joyful and enchanting adventure tale and a loving tribute to the early days of cinema and one of its neglected pioneers .
Scorsese has pulled out all the stops - and keeps yanking .
Unlike any of the other Scorsese films .
Hugo is an intensely personal statement from Scorsese , one not just about magic , but also the magic of cinema .
An utterly beautiful film -- both visually and emotionally -- and itself an enchanting gift from Scorsese to film fans everywhere .
Hugo may not be entirely successful as a children 's film , but as the culmination of a lifetime love of the pure magic of film , this movie is a gift to be treasured and revisited .
Hugo -LRB- 3D -RRB- is a sumptuously crafted film that underlies Scorsese 's aims of touching hearts , taking us to other places and providing us with striking visual memories .
... too long , but a sweet story with excellent acting .
As much as Hugo is being touted as Scorsese 's foray into 3D , Méliès ' images , flat , awkward , and strangely beautiful , are its most memorable .
Wow . This is now my favorite film of 2011 . It is beautiful to look at and a great nod to the nostalgia of cinema from a true master .
Is it possible that Selznick 's award-winning book is even half as marvelous as the movie -LSB- Martin -RSB- Scorsese and writer John Logan have made from it ? If so , I can hardly wait to read it .
Hugo is a moving , funny and exhilarating film , an imaginative history lesson in the form of a detective story .
Achingly beautiful .
Director Martin Scorsese brings us an enchanting Christmas gift ... a marvelously inventive and inspiring 3-D film that has a heartfelt holiday message .
` Hugo ' was an amazing cinematic experience for me , even though I 'm not a 3-D fan .
Hugo is a master filmmaker 's gift to children . It teaches , in an age-appropriate way , why movies are important and why it 's essential that we take care of them . One of Scorsese 's best !
Opulent , dazzling , enchanting screen adaptation of a beloved children 's book . It 's family-friendly fun .
-LRB- ... -RRB- goose down floating around the set takes Scorsese 's hard-hitting career into soft new dimensions
Leave it to Martin Scorsese to use 3-D not as a gimmick , but as a means of drawing us into a unique and magical environment ...
The lesson to be learned is that -LSB- Scorsese -RSB- should stick to what he knows best , for Hugo wo n't appeal to anyone , least of all kids .
The on-screen craftsmanship is impeccable , from Robert Richardson 's stunning cinematography to Dante Ferretti 's production design and Sandy Powell 's costumes .
Hugo is cinema shining a light reverently up its own fundament .
A dreamy triumph for Scorsese
The film demands patience from children and adults alike -- in fact , it 's simply too slow for young viewers -- but like great literature , if you immerse yourself in it , the rewards are plentiful .
As a crazy mix of Cinema Paradiso , Cronos and David Copperfield it 's unusually stimulating family fare .
The man responsible for Raging Bull , Taxi Driver and GoodFellas has tackled his first family film . Not only that : it 's in 3-D , and a must-see for anyone who loves cinema .
The heart-shaped story may be the key that sets Hugo in motion , but this rediscovery of the cinéma de papa is most memorable for its technical wizardry and astonishing visual trickery .
Scorsese transforms this innocent tale into an ardent love letter to the cinema and a moving plea for film preservation .
Hugo 's best moments are those that are n't actually Hugo .
It is glorious to be thrown and blown about in this make-believe metropolis . The digitally enhanced shapes and colours suggest Jeunet and Caro reworked by a polychromatic Piranesi .
As soon as the lights went up in the theater , I told my viewing companions that I honestly felt that seeing the film was a privilege .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's certainly much to admire here ... -LSB- but -RSB- Hugo feels like two very different films inelegantly spliced together ...
It 's possible to see the attraction , but when people break into applause over the credits , some are going to be left cold .
It 's a deeply felt piece of work , something which only Scorsese could have brought to the screen ...
Beautifully photographed and well acted but the storyline , especially when Kingsley 's character takes center stage , is tediously tiring
Martin Scorsese unleashes his devotion to the magic of movies with a zeal that is enchanting .
Hugo is nothing short of gorgeous .
A masterpiece of visual storytelling and a heartfelt homage to the industry that Scorsese has triumphantly made his own .
Beautifully made and superbly acted , Hugo features terrific 3D effects and stands as a charming love letter to silent cinema , but it 's let down by a weak central plot and the script never quite connects on an emotional level .
It might be curtains for celluloid , but Scorsese , a boyish 69 , clearly is n't leaving the stage any time soon . He directs every film with the passion of his first . And it shows .
Director Martin Scorsese 's well-documented affection for all things cinema has never been more evident than in the enchanting and imaginative Hugo .
It sounds a bit strange to say this about the man who gave us Taxi Driver , Raging Bull , and so many other classics of hardcore machismo , but Martin Scorsese 's new movie Hugo is delightful .
Scorsese 's best film since Goodfellas ... a celebration of the transportive joy that comes from watching -LSB- movies -RSB- .
The charming if overly gilded story of an unwanted teenage boy rescued by art and friendship .
Something very rare : a celebration of past achievement that does n't succumb to nostalgia .
This love letter to the movies is something to cherish .
Thematic potency and cinematic virtuosity -- the production was designed by Dante Ferretti and photographed by Robert Richardson -- ca n't conceal a deadly inertness at the film 's core .
This is a great director 's greatest love story .
For all the wizardry on display , Hugo often feels like a film about magic instead of a magical film ...
Scorsese uses 3D to submerge viewers into a glittering storybook world , but all of Hugo 's beauty ca n't make up for the sidetracking of the tale of the orphaned boy living in the train station in favor of a film preservation PSA .
If however , you are not a film scholar or a fan of the period , Scorsese will skillfully turn you into one without you even knowing it .
Scorcese does not mess around . This is a magnificent film .
The movie itself runs a bit long at 127 minutes , but `` Hugo '' is worth every minute for the visual feast it provides .
Hugo is a love affair -- palpable and personal -- between director Marty Scorsese and cinema . It sputters , floats , and soars .
An infectious ode to the early days of cinema . Scorsese 's use of 3D is inspired , although it might be more interesting for parents than their children .
A powerful reminder of the magic of cinema and Martin Scorsese 's astounding versatility ...
`` Hugo '' is a movie that children will enjoy , adults will admire and film buffs will cheer . It is a movie that will surprise and delight you with its wonder and awe .
Exquisite - Definitely Oscar Worthy
... a phantasmagorical fusion of ` Oliver Twist ' and ` Edward Scissorhands ' ... but in the end it feels pedantic and , like Méliès ' robot , proves a wondrous contraption motorized by a spring-driven heart .
Hugo is a work steeped in cinema lore , drunk on the fumes of a bygone era yet canny enough to channel its nostalgia through modern innovations .
Please , please , please do n't think you need to be a child to see this incredible movie . Indeed , `` Hugo , '' a smart , classy film that deserves to be watched on the big screen in 3-D , will find a special place with grownups who love movie art and history .
A deeply felt , hugely personal , glorious and heart-swelling ode to the magic of cinema and stories : the way they bring us together , allow us to understand each other , allow us to see our dreams come true .
Probably the first kids film in history to double as a propaganda film for the cause of classic film preservation . And I mean that in the nicest possible way .
It has its sluggish moments , but Hugo is mostly a delightful tribute to the magic of early cinema , and boasts excellent use of 3-D .
Martin Scorsese 's affecting , gorgeously rendered 3-D debut is one of the best films of this year and any other year .
... the best children 's movie of the century so far
Believe it or not , the director of Taxi Driver , Raging Bull and The Departed has made a family adventure for the ages .
I have seen the future of 3-D moviemaking , and it belongs to Martin Scorsese , unlikely as that may sound .
It 's a fairy tale for mature viewers , but the airy exterior hides emotional depth .
One of the most magical viewing experiences of the decade so far .
Like a labyrinth larded with shards of celluloid sensations past and filtered through the latest in Tinseltown commercial gimmickry , Hugo is an amazing masterwork .
... an attentively crafted reminiscence of wonderment remembered , rather than wonderment experienced .
The fact that the images are so finely cut with stunning detail helps keep viewers engaged but the pretty pictures are n't enough to carry the film .
Under the hand of a lesser director , it might have been a plodding bore , but with Scorsese 's brilliant use of the tools of the medium , it 's a gorgeous , brilliant film .
People who think of Scorsese only in terms of crime films sell him short , and they are the ones who will miss out on this thrilling , beautiful movie that believes we each have a place and a purpose , and true peace only comes from finding it .
Aside from being one of Scorsese 's most personal films , it 's also one of the least cynical films of this or any other year .
Hugo and Scorsese have found a way to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt the usefulness of the 3D format .
Hugo is a potent argument for films being the realization of dreams . There are real moments of danger , clear consequences , and sympathetic characters all around , so when tears come at the end of the movie , they feel earned .
Scorsese has created a world of wonder ... in his elaborate adaptation of Brian Selznick 's illustrated book The Invention of Hugo Cabret .
Hugo is a celebration of film and its power to create magical , dreamlike worlds .
Hugo is the kind of movie you will fall in love with and want to share with everyone .
Scorsese has the perfect vehicle to look at the notion of a contemporary society that tosses out the old to make way for the new , instead of venerating what has come before .
Hugo is a mixed bag but one well worth rummaging through .
In the film , the title character finds a broken-down automaton , a robot that he works to fix with his father . Hugo the film is not unlike that automaton - stunningly made but hollow and expressionless .
One of the first movies since Avatar that absolutely must be experienced in 3D , it takes a bit longer to pull you into its world but leaves you fully satisfied with the experience .
Scorsese films the action with immense brio , his cameras swooping and dashing along platforms and tracks , ladders and walkways , snaking round the clock 's intricate gears .
Can maestro Martin Scorsese sell today 's youth on a Paris-set 3-D steampunk adventure that takes them to film history school ?
Scorsese has created an exquisite jewel box of a movie , polished and honed to glittering , diamond-hard brilliance .
I found Hugo to be unrewarding , despite its impressive look .
The film is really about Scorsese sharing with us , on a deep visceral level , his extraordinary affection for the medium that 's his passion , his profession , his everything .
Filled with more passion , emotion and drama than most `` Oscar contenders '' of 2011 , Hugo transcends its fantastical predecessors .
Spectacular book adaptation is great for tweens and up .
tremendous and beautiful
A movie for grown-up film buffs , but one children can enjoy , so long as they do n't mind a history lesson on the founding fathers of cinema , complete with 3-D visual aids .
Just as sure as Hugo will make some viewers restless , it 's also guaranteed to provide everyone who sees it with an astonishing array of dazzling sequences to remember forever .
A free-flowing and enchanting celebration of movie-making , finding the way home , and the kind of caring that can transform the lives of others .
Scorsese and his team have now set the 3D bar so high that filmmakers will have to create a whole other dimension ... just to keep up .
Although it brings Scorsese together with people and techniques he has n't worked with before , it also touches on themes close to his heart : the birth of cinema , and its preservation .
`` Hugo '' is as much a tribute to the medium that gave -LSB- Scorsese -RSB- life as it is to the magical world Selznick created in his illustrated book .
An absolute wonder to behold for viewers of all ages .
Scorsese 's Hugo is oversized , ambitious and expensive-looking - and still it manages to be lovely , which is the hardest task of all to pull off , even for an alleged movie genius like Scorsese .
Scorsese 's film is a richly illustrated lesson in cinema history and the best argument for 3-D since James Cameron 's Avatar .
From Harry Potter , we know children appreciate magic when it comes from a wand . Hugo asks , in convincing fashion , that they see it in a simple flickering light .
As befitting both its fetishistically detailed source material and the era in which it 's set , Hugo is Scorsese 's most visually accomplished film .
Hugo is pure movie magic .
An ode to the making of movies and the sacred art of turning dreams into reality .
Quite a charming , engaging and entertaining delight about movies of yesteryear and their effect on those who made and saw them . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
Exquisite technical achievements that encourage a genuine sense of awe , yet it 's a production better valued for its ambition than execution , with Scorsese caught between his ease with gloom and his inexperience with warmth .
Hugo is gorgeous movie-making that , in the end , feels mostly like an homage to itself .
If ever the movie gods were to smile on an adaptation , it would be Scorsese 's take on Selznick 's bestselling book , a valentine to the cinematic artists whose work the filmmaker has toiled so tirelessly to champion and preserve .
It 's as if David Copperfield wandered into a History of Film lecture . Maybe it is n't a great idea to wait till you 're nearly 70 to make your first kid movie .
A state-of-the-art affair , an epic adaptation of Selznick 's pretty-epic-itself tome , full of dazzling visuals and rapturous tributes to Méliès and the magic of movies .
Movie magic hangs in the air of Martin Scorsese 's Hugo , much like the steam and dust that fills almost every frame .
Beautifully shot by Robert Richardson and designed by Dante Ferretti , making 1930s Paris pulsate again ... It is a striking technical achievement bordering on indulgent . But when things are this lovely , you indulge .
Martin Scorsese 's love letter to filmmaking finally proves that 3D is a necessary aesthetic to storytelling if used correctly . I definitely shed a few nerd tears !
Arthur C. Clarke once wrote that ` any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . ' It 's a sentiment that Scorsese seems to have taken to heart ...
A slow starter , Hugo gradually evolves into a grand celebration of the art of filmmaking that rivals anything of its ilk , including Cenema Paradiso and Day for Night .
Here is a special film , overflowing with unanticipated delights .
A thrillingly immersive adventure .
Extravagant but unpretentious , a touching fable with a thoughtful message and eye candy galore . It 's one of the year 's richest entertainments .
Bursting with earned emotion , Hugo is a mechanism that comes to life at the turn of a key in the shape of a heart .
Scorsese has skillfully reimagined the book in a way that could bring early film classics alive for young people .
An odd combo of Babe : Pig in the City and Godard 's Histoire -LRB- s -RRB- du cinéma , Hugo is the strangest bird to grace the multiplex in a while .
An endearing homage to a pioneering master of the movie medium , Georges Méliès , from that most masterful modern-day moviemaker , Martin Scorsese .
Nearing age 70 , Scorsese has given the joyful boy inside him a chance to play , and the result is a superb film and a delight .
A haunting , piquant melodrama about childhood dreams and yearnings , enhanced with a pleasant survey course in early film history .
Can we take back the Oscar for The Departed and give it to Hugo instead ?
`` Hugo '' is a miracle of storytelling and technology .
`` Films have the power to capture dreams , '' Méliès said , and the way they 've captured Scorsese 's ca n't be denied .
A film that somehow works both as a love letter to the joys to be derived from the cinema , as spectator and creator alike , and as a marvelously engrossing and high-spirited adventure that is as enchanting as any of the `` Harry Potter '' movies
A personal statement disguised as a sellout .
Though it 's bogged down by a dreadfully slow and mostly uneventful first act , the movie eventually finds its groove as a rather enchanting valentine to cinema that any film lover will appreciate .
Scorsese makes an eloquent plea to remember the past ... When a character in the film remarks that movies are where dreams are made , it 's no mere boast .
But the child at the center of the story , looking back more than a hundred years to the wellspring of his art , is Scorsese himself .
... often plodding , the plot unfolding as if through a sea of molasses . The only real audience for this is film critics , scholars and buffs .
Visually dazzling fantasy is both a 3D landmark and a warm personal tribute by Martin Scorsese to early movie pioneer Georges Méliès .
Scorsese 's mad infatuation with films and filmmaking streams through every frame of this gorgeous adventure .
Ultimately , the biggest disappointment of Hugo is that it fails to make the case for 3-D as a legitimate tool for the serious filmmaker .
Scorsese 's mastery of the medium is evident in every frame of his beguiling adaptation of Brian Selznick 's children 's book , which is also the director 's love letter to the art of cinema itself .
It 's serious , beautiful , wise to the absurdity of life and in the embrace of a piercing longing .
Yes , `` Hugo '' is a family film and , yes , your children and your inner child stand to be enraptured , but the family Scorsese really made this for is the 100-year-old tribe of watchers in the dark .
One of the rare films where 3D is worth the money and those ugly glasses . However , that 's far from the only thing to recommend about his family-friendly - heck , human-friendly - story .
It 's a complex fusion of film history and personal history , filled with dazzling embellishments and unabashed sentiment about the glories of cinema .
Recognizes the fragility of youth while affectionately saying , ` Believe it or not , kids , your parents had lives before you came along . And they went to the movies too . '
Scorsese 's `` Hugo '' is a hugely ambitious and wholly satisfying feat . It 's a living lesson in movie magic wrapped in a classic kiddie flick .
`` Come and dream with me , '' a filmmaker pleads in Martin Scorsese 's exquisite fantasy `` Hugo , '' offering an invitation that 's clearly extended from Scorsese himself .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- as much of a personal Scorsese picture as Raging Bull or Taxi Driver . In some ways , this could be his most heartfelt movie .
`` Hugo '' is big , and it exists mainly to dazzle , but its storytelling ambitions are more modest . I enjoyed it more than many a later Scorsese picture .
What Scorsese has really made is a beautifully crafted love letter to movies , the passion of his life . What sounded like an odd pairing winds up being a perfect fit .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Martin Scorsese 's foray into the fantasyland of children 's cinema via Brian Selznick 's delightful children 's graphic novel is a visually and emotionally rich love letter to the creativity of French filmmaker Georges Méliès .
Thoroughly enchanting . Transports us into a magical world of movies , yet looks forward in its embrace of dreams and imagination . The first truly artistic use of 3D I 've seen .
If Martin Scorsese is going to do a family-friendly film in 3D , it should be no surprise that it turns out to be a visually stunning -LRB- if ponderous and over-long -RRB- tribute to nothing short of the invention of cinema .
What makes this Scorsese 's best film since The Age of Innocence is the curious view he takes of both this boy and the sea of artifice in which he 's set adrift .
In Hugo , the hero has a terrifying dream , perhaps an unconscious recollection of that event . Reality , filmed illusion , and dreams are so intertwined that only an artist , playing merrily with echoes , can sort them into a scheme of delight .
This is n't a stuffy exercise for movie buffs . It 's a real and touching story , full of childlike wonder .
`` Hugo '' is unlike any other film Martin Scorsese has ever made , and yet possibly the closest to his heart : a big-budget , family epic in 3-D , and in some ways , a mirror of his own life .
A plea for film preservation made in the medium that 's killing it , Hugo unwittingly proves that old movies really were better .
The moment it begins , you step inside , the train station closes in around you and you 're fully immersed in Hugo 's adventure , which is packed with heart and a ton of fun .
Hugo emerges as a spectacular adventure for film lovers of all ages .
Magical and imaginative , this eye-popping masterpiece from director Martin Scorsese will transport audiences to a place they wo n't believe .
A wondrous blend of fantasy and mystery that will appeal to adults as well as children .
A must-see fable for movie lovers of all ages , Hugo is full of paradoxes : a children 's tale likley to be more savored by adults , a technologically-determined feature yet also personal tribute to the medium 's origins and magical power .
In attempting to make his first film for all ages , Martin Scorsese has fashioned one for the ages .
A passionate brief for film preservation wrapped in a fanciful tale of childhood intrigue and adventure , Hugo dazzlingly conjoins the earliest days of cinema with the very latest big screen technology .

@highlight

Hugo is an extravagant , elegant fantasy with an innocence lacking in many modern kids ' movies , and one that emanates an unabashed love for the magic of cinema .