Earnest but lackluster period biopic on the final days of the mentally tortured deaf composer Ludwig von Beethoven .
Stuck between Kruger 's blankness and Harris 's overemoting , the film never finds a balance .
The once promising Polish director Agnieszka Holland -LRB- `` Olivier , Olivier '' -RRB- stumbles with this muddled story about Anna Holtz -LRB- Diane Kruger -RRB- , a 23-year-old composition student sent to 1824 Vienna to transcribe sheet music for the demanding and cruel Ludwig
It 's the kind of movie made purely for acting awards , which is really unfair to audiences who deserve at least some story for their money .
You can mock this film if you like , but it remains watchable throughout . And the ears have it when the eyes do n't .
As wooden as a piano stool .
If the composer 's shade could hear the words this script has put in his mouth it really would be a case of `` roll over , Beethoven '' , right there in his grave .
A great example of that time-honoured genre , the biopic so silly it plays like a spoof .
Amateurishly written , scarcely acted tosh .
A fatuous , bafflingly imagined tale of the unhappy and unwell Beethoven and his ordeal in preparing the Ninth Symphony for its premiere .
Diane Kruger is the most appealing scenery in this rose-tinted nonsense .
Boring and pointless .
Like the wrinkled buttocks he flashes at Kruger , however , this portrait of the artist could use some tightening up .
The direction from Polish New Waver Agnieszka Holland feels more like she 's testing a new camera than attempting to capture the nuances of the artistic process , and if we 're to believe the script , then all great art derives ` from the gut ' .
Brief bursts of passion aside , this is a lifeless facsimile of the great artist 's last days .
A dull and uninspiring film , despite Harris ' best efforts .
A great soundtrack is drowned out by a lot of tedious harping on .
A horrid mess of a film , only the music elevates it from being a total dud .
Enough to keep the interest going -- and one sequence that raises the film to a level many better films never dream of attaining .
Beethoven turns out to be like every obnoxious self-absorbed creative type you 've ever met
While much of this film is intriguing and nicely performed , it also feels rather strained and corny .
As you watch , this conspicuous act of bravado is transformed into a display of great courage and exhilaration , with Harris and Beethoven in triumphant harmony with each other .
An overblown piece of biopic fantasy .
If you love the music of Ludwig van Beethoven , avoid this film .
Does Agnieszka Holland hate Beethoven ? That 's the only explanation I can offer for this horrible , horrible attempt at making the maestro 's final year of life into a biopic .
Male muse feminist construct resonates musically but falters historically and politically .
Holland 's impeccable taste , along with Caroline Amies ' superb production design , give this unlikely feminist polemic as much dignity and grace as any historical film could muster .
full review in Greek
Quando escrevi sobre Amadeus , comentei que aquele longa estava à altura do homem que o havia inspirado . Lamentavelmente , aqui Beethoven não teve a mesma sorte .
The entertaining fantasia spotlights the composer 's last years as viewed through the romantic prism of a young woman who works for him .
The irresponsibly fictionalized Amadeus was an exercise in realism in comparison -- and it was simply a much better film .
Ed Harris plays Beethoven , but , with this material , maybe the producers should have turned to Ben Stiller .
The movie is completely beguiling , and it delivers joy , the beautiful spark of the gods .
A sadly conventional treatment of the career of a man who defied convention ... Beethoven still awaits a cinematic craftsman as imaginative and driven as he was .
Someday someone will make a great movie about an immortal composer , but for now the best movie about any Beethoven I 've ever seen stars a Saint Bernard .
The film 's most successful agenda is in linking Beethoven 's inspiration to God and nature and noting his revolutionary methods .
... what sinks the film -- almost to the point of risibility -- is the combination of the preposterous script and the casting of Kruger .
There is an absolutely fantastic moment when Beethoven conducts the Ninth Symphony . Then they go back to talking and spoil all the good vibes .
More music and less melodrama would serve audiences better .
Always an intelligent presence on screen , Harris here embraces the challenge of showing us the man behind the wall of music .
You may walk out of Copying Beethoven humming the movie . But that 's not the same as singing its praises .
Copying Beethoven is all too reminiscent of those glossily ersatz biopics that Hollywood used to crank out in the 1930s and '40s .
It works on an aesthetic level but it 's uneven as a drama .
... Tin-eared script and tone-deaf direction sabotages a fortissimo performance by Ed Harris in the title role .
It was audacious of the filmmakers to imagine they could build a story and characters around the creation of the Ninth Symphony that would play as dramatically as the music .
Agnieszka Holland directs with obvious feeling rather than cynicism , and I was swept away by it despite the story 's anachronisms .
... Too many dull subplots , notably one concerning Anna 's disapproving boyfriend , and director Agnieszka Holland 's typically heavy hand , dampen any musical fireworks that the film might have generated .
Harris saunters through this toasty little piece of biographical fiction in love with the part 's fixins ' .
It 's a pointless movie , except for Harris .
In Copying Beethoven Ed Harris proves an ideal substitute for the deaf , brooding composer , acting with a violent turbulence that sometimes floods the room .
Enables us to ride the waves of emotion during Beethoven 's premier performance of the majestic Ninth Symphony and to savor the composer 's spiritual perceptions of his music .
Harris is allowed to roam freely with this embarrassing , indulgent reading of a multifaceted man , and the film essentially liquefies because Harris ca n't be bothered to calm down and work his instincts carefully .
While Copying Beethoven eventually finds its way , the movie is unfortunately too bogged down by its script 's extended rough start to fully recover .
You ca n't just copy the final shot of Shakespeare In Love , especially when the music just reminds us how much we 'd like to see Die Hard again .
It reduces Beethoven to a moldy cliché .
The script offers some striking wisdom about the nature of art , and the leads are individually fine , especially Harris , who takes a lot of risks with the role and gradually makes us believe we 're getting a privileged look inside the mind of a genius .
Harris officially bites off more scenery than he can chew .
Holland spends another hour showing , less successfully , how Beethoven 's desire to abandon formal structure for a more intuitive kind of music amounted to early modernism .
What makes this film float -- if at times just barely -- is the characterization of Beethoven by Harris and the Christopher Wilkinson script .
A feminist fantasy that you can either embrace -- as director Agnieszka Holland -LRB- Europa Europa -RRB- seems to have done with an unbecoming schoolgirl gushiness -- or repeatedly be pulled out of the story by its falseness .
If you 're going to tackle Ludwig van Beethoven , you 've got to go as hard and high as he did . All this movie does is flounder and flail around his tempestuous spirit .
A movie with some flaws but also with moments of beauty and intensity most other films ca n't match .
If Harris scores another Academy Award nomination for his role , it 'll be for the quantity rather than the quality of his acting .
Knows as much about the creative process as Beethoven does about snowboarding .
Da-da-da-dumb .
Thank goodness for the music , for it is the only thing that can be heard above Harris ' embarrassing bellowing .
I have nothing against historical fiction : books or movies using real characters in situations that did n't happen . However , one would hope in such cases that the authors would have a story worth telling .
So many of the films I see lack any obvious passion , or sense of theatrical flair , and whatever its flaws , Copying Beethoven does not stint on those .
As LvB , Harris is intense , and intensely bewigged .
The whole thing is sitcom , but that is n't necessarily a bad thing . This is really great television that works as a movie .
Perhaps poor in execution , but I 'd rather have this exaggerated depiction and reminder of the man than no film about him at all .
Bargain-basement Amadeus , this Beethoven biopic is even worse than the 1994 Immortal Beloved . Laying a false feminist streak on the narrative , Holland has made a cliche-ridden , dull film about the artist .
While this is no ` Amadeus , ' the fictionalized tale of Beethoven 's relationship with his young , female copier hasexquisite music , pretty scenery , and a booming Ed Harris .
Will there ever be a decent movie made about any part of Ludwig van Beethoven 's life ?
There 's a lot of Romantic hokum here that probably wo n't play well with many postmodernist sensibilities .
That Ed Harris actually makes a fairly convincing Ludwig van Beethoven is undoubtedly a testament to his ample abilities , and it 's his electrifying performance that keeps the viewer engaged throughout Copying Beethoven 's admittedly erratic running
Its fictional frame about a woman copyist helping the maestro complete the masterwork hits too many duff notes .
Fails to hit a satisfying note .
It 's about as much fun to watch as transcription .



@highlight

A pretentious historical drama that 's ultimately a drag , despite Ed Harris ' powerful performance .