Nevertheless a must-see for Smiths ' devotees willing to be deprived of just about everything Smiths .
It is the war within him -- and by extension , within the minds of many embittered , working class young men left behind in Thatcher 's England -- that Meadows 's film most strikingly portrays .
Steeped in the raw mix of ska and punk sound as expression of the youth alienation and misguided rage of those tumultuous times , an alarming voice of the surging army of jobless youth back then dubbed ` no hopers . '
Stephen Graham delivers a bravura performance as the brooding , mesmerizing Combo , clearly channeling Russell Crowe in Romper Stomper .
Riveting .
Meadows obviously knows the working class neighborhoods that he depicts . There 's a grit and honesty to his film as he chronicles the mundane details of these kids ' lives .
How sad and predictable is the fate of those who counsel violence as a means to an end . And yet how poignant it all seems when viewed through Shane Meadows ' thoughtful lens .
An intelligent , spare , mean-streets sort of story , This Is England features superb performances ...
You would n't think a film about a group of British skinheads during the early 1980s could be a sweet , nostalgic coming-of-age period piece , but that 's the surprise of the authentic , fresh and utterly relevant This Is England .
Its tough but moving neo-realist approach make it one of the better British films of recent times .
This Is England grabs you by the scruff of the neck and yanks you into the Thatcher 1980s with brute force .
A post-punk gem of a drama that seems bent on being both funny and deadly serious .
This is not the England that makes you want to hop on over for a visit , but the movie is worthy of a quick look .
-LSB- Meadows -RSB- captures the palpable anger of impoverished youth , without money or jobs or hope , seeking to blame somebody else for their troubles .
-LSB- Shane -RSB- Meadows ' fictionalized version of these events is at least as vivid -- and at times as hard to watch -- as some of Ken Loach 's more stark dramas .
This Is England is a movie like a punch to the solar plexus .
It may be the best work to date from the talented 34-year-old writer-director of Twenty Four Seven -LRB- 1997 -RRB- .
A drama that 's so potent and persuasive yet also natural and intimate that it almost has the heft of a documentary .
Somewhere between the pop jouissance of Guy Ritchie and the social realism of Ken Loach , this ballsy drama freeze-frames bleak Thatcherite Yorkshire and exposes its racist underbelly .
A successfully executed cautionary tale condemning war and racism in the context of growing up in cloudy Northern England
He -LSB- Director Shane Meadows -RSB- He has a gift for getting under the skin of his working-class characters , who are invariably from the British Midlands and are invariably struggling to hold onto honor and innocence in a violent , dangerous world .
Powerful and wrenching .
The rare coming-of-age tale that offers real historical resonance rather than mere nostalgia .
Every now and then a film gets it so right that you wonder why they ca n't do it all the time .
A movie about the allure of groupthink and how the warm comfort of being surrounded by peers wilts all sense of balance .
A hard-fisted punch of reality based on the filmmaker 's experiences growing up in England 's Midlands in 1983 .
Director Shane Meadows finally digs the terrific film out of his provincial home that his fans -LRB- myself included -RRB- always suspected he had it in him to make .
Until the final scene of Meadows ' edgy , uneasy film , the suspense is killing .
Humane and complex .
This Is England may be set in 1983 but it 's as relevant today as it was then .
A sympathetic , deeply human view of figures whose usual cinematic function is to get thrashed by Chuck Norris .
Shane Meadows has taken a traumatic moment of violence from his own childhood , together with the themes of victimisation , bullying and thuggery from Dead Man 's Shoes , and set the action in 1983 , about the time of his own experience with skinheads
Do n't expect a history lesson : Shaun 's story is more than enough to grab and hold your attention .
Strong performances and powerful sense of time and place are almost enough to make a convincing argument for spending 98 minutes squirming with dread .
Masterfully charted and acted , as are the boy 's early forays into sex .
There 's a gutter pride taken in how aggressively Shaun confronts the world , but there 's also a blunt , no-nonsense analysis of where the kid goes wrong .
Meadows ' recollections of his own youth ... lend a terrible immediacy to an unusually potent coming-of-age story .
The movie is taut , tense , relentless . It shows why Shaun feels he needs to belong to a gang , what he gets out of it and how it goes wrong . Without saying so , it also explains why skinheads are skinheads .
It does n't seem the slightest bit like real life , even though writer/director Shane Meadows reportedly based it on his own .
The writer-director brilliantly juxtaposes the personal and the political , bookending a stirring coming-of-age drama with the provocative opening and an equally affecting end sequence .
There is scarcely a false note in writer-director Shane Meadows ' semi-autobiographical drama about a withdrawn , fatherless boy coming of age in Thatcherite England .
It 's one of the simplest and best re-creations of downscale urban England during the gritty post-punk years ever put on screen , and it 's both upsetting and very funny .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's nothing precisely wrong with This Is England except its complete predictability .
A predictable story with too many minutes spent with a gang just hanging out but featuring two extraordinary performances .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Meadows does such a find job creating the tiny universe that it seem hermetically sealed from the rest of England .
Turgoose , in his first film role , is entirely convincing .
A gripping bit of British drama .
The lensing by Daniel Cohen captures the day-in , day-out dreariness of dead-end lives , and the musical soundtrack is infectious .
The connections he makes between skinhead jingoism , Thatcher 's aggressive governing style and an aimlessly spunky kid coming-of-age are trenchant .
A modest , near-flawless gem , This Is England is a humbly , if insistently political , autobiographical homage to a lost world of youth .
An edgy , engaging and easily believable coming-of-age portrait whose intimacy and plausibility probably derive from the fact that it was in part based on the real-life experiences of its writer/director .
It 's a thoroughly exhaustive , hand-wringing emotional stick of provincial dynamite that viciously grabs the audience by the collar and drags them through the gummy muck of lives gone horribly wrong .
explosive
Like all of Shane Meadows ' work to date , his latest captures the simple pleasures of hanging out with a big group of friends , laughing at nothing . And it shows how easily that camaraderie can shade into hooliganism .
Meadows ' electric drama takes the audience with it from the percolating opening moments through its hopeful -LRB- if ever-so-contrived -RRB- denouement , filling the landscape with memorably engaging characters and potent ensemble performances .
Even if the story is misty in its didacticism : No matter how tough the times , just say no to racism and hatred .
It 's only a half-great film , which is to say that its best moments are more perceptive and powerful than any other movie this summer .
Shaun 's dark journey into an English heartland where ultra-right , National Front thugs successfully tap into the growing alienation of working-class youth is a frighteningly accurate depiction of the seductive power of hate .
This is England is a vile exercise in nihilism that goes nowhere fast .
One of the best movies about this troubled time in UK history ... shows a noticeable improvement and growth in Meadows as a filmmaker over his last few films .
A riveting English film about a fatherless 12-year-old English kid who joins a band of skinheads and is initiated into a world that rocks his being .
Isolated excellence and larger lack of nerve-all dots , no connection-grows frustrating as England turns from the personal to the political , from character study to social studies .
The director 's affectionate warts-and-all portrait of his milieu and subculture is blistering , cogently capturing how England 's early - '80s skinhead movement was driven less by blind racial intolerance than by intense socio-economic tensions .
Starts out as well-acted and superbly designed mid-eighties time-capsule but degenerates to a formulaic conclusion that cheapens everything that went before .
With bad boy conviction and feisty demeanor , Turgoose ably shows us sharply responsive nerves bared to the erratic side of reactive behavior .
Meadows has a fighters ' way with his camera , but an increasingly mature way with story .
As This Is England 's coming-of-age story unfolds , and even as it careens towards an inevitably violent ending , Meadows manages to see beyond the potentially clichéd trappings of depicting the tired , the poor , the huddled masses , and presents us with very
Few directors tap their damaged past as brilliantly as Meadows . This is England is by far his most personal and powerful testimony .
An affecting but uneven memoir of council-estate Britain in the summer of 1983 .
This is the best of British ... UNMISSABLE .
In short , this is , mostly , bloody brilliant .
The best British film of the year . You 'll be floored .
It 's part western , part pornographic money shot .
This is English cinema .
Meadows gets great , moving performances from his young cast .
An honest , emotional , funny and deeply moving portrait of growing up . Do n't miss it .
Deeply impressive , as both a recreation of â -LRB- TM -RRB- 80s working-class England and an intimate tale of one childhoodâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s brutal end .
Meadows would have made Alan Clarke proud with this must-see , partly autobiographical dramedy ... This is England depicts a sensitive , whip-smart , and richly detailed portrait of the subculture from its heartbreakingly humble roots .
Meadows brings together the various elements perfectly , balancing sharp social commentary with realistic wit and humour .
Superbly written and directed by Shane Meadows and featuring a terrific soundtrack , this is a compelling coming of age drama with a brilliant performance from young Thomas Turgoose .
Cross-cutting between Roland Rat and Maggie Thatcher , rioting and the royal wedding , itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s a nifty scene-setter for a deft , heartfelt local story .
Apart from its sharp screenplay , This is England derives its power from a pair of extraordinary performances .
With its knockout lead perfs and taut if slightly familiar construction , this '80s - set dramedy about a skinhead gang reps Meadows ' most fluently made film so far .
The breakthrough performance from Turgoose , though , is the real draw here .







@highlight

A moving coming-of-age tale that captures the despair among England 's working-class youth in the 1980s .