Clearly aware of the impact of visual style on the narrative , Jonathan Ogilvie uses a stylised 1920 Australian setting for a love triangle that involves all the basic drivers of human frailty
This is a story that sizzles with its themes of corruption , infidelity , racism and power . But there 's a vital flaw ...
There are so many chances for Illegal Tender to get things right that it 's depressing to realize that it misses all of them .
bland and forgettable .
Brainless bloodsport , Cholo-style .
An entertaining genre piece boasting a terrifically sinewy lead performance from Wanda De Jesus .
More care seems to have been taken with the cut of Gonzalez 's sideburns than with the shape of the story , and the hyperbolic soundtrack does most of the work of the mise en scene .
You know the film is off to a paltry start when you see the rookie Rick Gonzalez attempt to strut bad-boy , awww-yeah stuff . Instead , he feels like a 21-year-old boy just going through puberty .
Unlike Black Snake Moan , Illegal Tender never transcends its cliches .
A mix of cinematic thrills and sagging melodrama .
What in God 's name was going on with this movie ?
Over-the-top melodrama that offers lots of freewheeling gunplay and action in desperate search of a believable story .
There 's a supposed family values clause tossed into the violent mix that goes something like , the family that slays together , stays together . And with assassins closing in , mom needs her son to spend some quality time with her , mowing them all down .
For a film about growing up , Illegal Tender loses itself in a lot of silly juvenilia .
Produced by John Singleton for writer-director Franc . Reyes , this preposterous tale of crime-family values should be far more entertaining than it is .
Plenty of movies have combined a blazing-guns revenge story with a family dynamics drama , but Illegal Tender never gets the mixture right , lurching between bullet-happy shootouts and overwrought domestic content .
Pointless , gratuitously violent , and stupid , stupid , stupid .
Illegal Tender is n't quite the mess you expect this time of year , a film that achieves a certain level of originality by reversing gender roles .
The real mystery here is why this slapdash semi-effort did n't go straight to video .
While Illegal Tender has misguided pretensions towards Serious Filmmaking , it 's surprisingly likeable if you see it instead as a cheesy thriller good for a lazy Friday night .
It wants to be Scarface but makes The Pacifier look plausible by comparison . -LRB- Do real bodyguards hold their guns sideways ? -RRB-
A laughable low-budget mess about third-rate drug thugs , put together with the sheen and polish of a fourth-grade Christmas pageant . Except with really loud reggaeton .
There 's supposed to be an underlying message here about the value of family and giving up the bad life for respectability , but writer-director Franc Reyes is really just using it as an excuse for a standard -LRB- at best -RRB- gangland shoot - 'em - up .
A cohesive story is an afterthought in yet another gangster movie that pretends to denounce violence and materialism while so obviously reveling in it .
Potentially compelling questions of ethnicity , privilege and societal inequities lurk in the background , but instead of addressing them , the film flounders in melodrama .
Illegal Tender has the potential to be a better film than it is .
It 's helpful if you walk in with the expectation that it is a genre picture -- not a parody , not camp , but a loving homage to gangster movies of the 1980s like Scarface .
A solid meat-and-potatoes B-movie with enough personality to spin it in unexpected directions .
Illegal Tender has its moments -- including the aforementioned shootout involving Millie -- but it is ultimately undone by the litany of genre cliches it embraces .
The movie is n't manic enough to qualify as pulp or coherent enough to serve as a social critique .
De Jesus ' outbursts are the only excitement in ` Illegal , ' since the performances of most of the rest of the cast are barely amateurish and Reyes ' story is not so much old-school as it is old-hat .
Grace is not the film 's strong suit . But trashy -- albeit sporadic -- fun is .
... a lurid and overwrought action film that imagines it 's a drama of a family in crisis . In the end it does n't really succeed as either .
The script is so formulaic , the atmosphere so bright , the acting so off , it 's a bit of a mess .
Illegal Tender is n't a very good film , but it shows a genre filmmaker who is full of ideas and unwilling to settle .
It is fun to see Wanda de Jesus get all Pam Grier and shoot off two big guns at once after making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for her son . But the big dumb story and the big dumb dialogue keep getting in the way .
Pure B-movie hokum ... a cheesy , goofy combination of family melodrama and gangster cliche that strains not only credulity but patience .
Credit Illegal Tender for actually taking time to tell a story , though the lack of momentum sometimes makes the movie feel like a two-hour slow motion sequence .
A throwback to 1970s blaxploitation flicks , with a Latin accent , Illegal Tender would be a brassy , sassy guilty pleasure if it were more , well , pleasurable .
Can you say ` overwrought , ' boys and girls ? I knew you could .
This second-rate action drama features a mostly Latino but mostly wasted cast .
Wanda De Jesus ' Pam Grier-worthy performance is the life force of the film . She 's like a domestic Foxy Brown .
Pic is too muted to have much lasting impact , and remains modestly diverting only on a scene-to-scene basis .
For a second , the movie has the snap of a truly surprising thriller ... But then we go back to following the kid , who manages to both mope and strut along the path to manhood .
A problematic but compelling exaltation of violence , privilege , and ethnic pride , Illegal Tender is incessantly but hotly scored , suggesting something of a Sirk melodrama for our Reggaeton times .




@highlight

Lackluster acting and a ridiculous plot make the over-the-top Illegal Tender an unrealistic bust .