Sing Street has a great pace and a fantastic climax that will find you leaving the cinema smiling after a truly excellent Irish film .
Sing Street captures the happy/sad state of adolescence . It 's a cinematic ear-worm you wo n't want to shake .
Sing Street is not an especially important movie that will long be remembered , but its virtues make it an enjoyable viewing experience .
A departure for Carney is that Sing Street is set in the past ; another is that it has teenage protagonists ; and this combination gives his new film a nostalgic sweetness and exuberance that is thoroughly winning .
Pretty much every song in this movie -LRB- especially `` Drive It Like You Stole It '' and `` Riddle Of The Model '' -RRB- all feel worthy of Academy Awards consideration for Best Original Song
Carney is no stranger to musical movies and this one is no different .
... Sing Street is sweet and fun and well worth a watch .
As 1980s nostalgia goes , it 's purely delightful .
A warm-hearted film which brings simple yet effective storytelling to the fore .
Audiences with memories of the 1980s will surely find themselves humming right along with all the right sentiments .
Scenes transparently designed to sweep an audience away with the power of music falter , because the songs are weak . But the young cast do look the part .
With its buoyant storytelling , witty exchanges , and charming young characters , Sing Street is an immensely enjoyable film .
Sing Street is n't all bad ... but the bad parts are pretty bad .
In the end , `` Sing Street '' may cause you to grimace , it may also inspire you to find your own song .
Sing Street is a feel-good movie and there 's nothing wrong with that , especially when it is a well-done homage .
There is more to like in Sing Street than there is to hate , but it is the missteps that truly stay with you .
One of the year 's top 10 movies . Bonus points for including the best line of 2016 : `` No woman can truly love a man who listens to Phil Collins . ''
Immensely satisfying .
Like the best pop bands , Sing Street is more than the sum of its parts ; like the canniest pop songs , it transcends a familiar formula with charm .
Touching and achingly funny .
Piffle , really , with guitars .
A great film that remind us of our teenage years and the energy and dreams that for once made us think we could conquer the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the best films of 2016 , with good music , which also makes you understand that you are able to create it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its levity and humor are made stronger by the underlining pain of the characters . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
The humour is sweet and cheerful , and the pastiche songs in the styles of Duran Duran , the Cure and others are spot-on .
Executed with graciousness and sweetness .
... catnip for anyone who grew up with 1980s bands like Duran Duran and The Cure .
A film where music is a escape , and that stretches credibility to a breaking point , but it is undeniable that it works . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sing Street always wants to go further and fortunately has what it takes to do so . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A nostalgic film about dreams , illusion , falling in love , wanting to discover the world , write love songs and running away with your loved one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More than three hours of irresistible footage that , even though is a trivial film , it will get stuck in your head . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film focused on the transforming power of music . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A real treat for the melancholy and music lovers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun and inspiring coming-of-age that you can not miss this weekend on the movie theater . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a good message that will last in our minds once we get out the movie theater . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A guilty pleasure that works . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sing Street has the hair of the 80s , but a timeless heart .
Sing Street , while not telling a tale that could be labeled as anything close to original , still crackles with an innovative vitality all its own , making its climactic leaps into the starry-eyed unknown all the more wonderful because of this .
Carney has managed to show all of the melancholy and loneliness of youth , but has counterbalanced it with so much joy and enthusiasm that you 'll be left reeling .
Sing Street takes its inspiration from the music and movies of the '80s , tapping into nostalgia for the time with its messages about self-expression .
John Carney just continues impressing with brilliant , beautiful tributes to the magic of music and how much is represents the language of life .
What it lacks in the bigger-budget , star-filled polish that was Begin Again is compensated for in charm .
While Sing Street may not have a lot of originality to offer in the story department , it still rises on the strengths of its incredible soundtrack , a great ensemble , and a charm that permeates its classic setup .
Irish filmmaker John Carney 's abiding affection for the emotional pull of making music gets a buoyant charge of adolescent nostalgia in Sing Street , a charming tale of first band and first love .
It 's like Say Anything meets Billy Elliott meets The Commitments - in the best possible way . ... Joy is the film 's reason for being , and joy wins the day .
Writer-director John Carney successfully rehabilitates the movie musical in this heartwarming coming-of-age story set in Dublin in the 1980s .
Sing Street is a pleasing , heart-warming journey with a tight screenplay and a strong soundtrack .
... leaden ... saccharine ...
Ultimately , this coexistence of joyful fantasy and dispiriting reality is what lifts Sing Street above the cheesiness of its premise .
With a great cast , soundtrack and a tender soul , Sing Street deserves to be an enduring antidote to nostalgia , a giant of modern Irish cinema .
It might look and feel like just another coming-of-age , finding-of-talent affair , but there is something a little extra in play here that takes the film well beyond its modest ambitions .
It feels like Carney 's characters are finally getting the fate they deserve , and that 's not just a demo tape and career prospects .
John Carney 's Sing Street is a total delight from start to finish , and the best film about the pure joy of making music since We Are The Best ! -LRB- 2013 -RRB- , with which it shares similarities ... It is also a completely engaging , hugely romantic love story .
The authenticity of place and time , the bubbling performances of the teens who take centre stage in this almost mythical story of growing into their dreams , and the music combine to give us an enthralling time
This feel-good flick should please musical devotees as well as hopeless romantics everywhere .
If there were an Oscar for capturing the alchemy of composing songs on screen , it could only go to Carney .
Sing Street is a shaggy , uneven , but undeniably endearing and entertaining film , especially if this was the music of your childhood , as it was mine .
If anything , it 's even better than The Commitments because it does n't go in for the slick manipulation associated with that film 's director , Alan Parker .
` Sing Street ' hits all the right notes .
Sing Street pays loving tribute to a decade of woeful fashion choices and the music of Duran Duran , Spandau Ballet and The Cure , while capturing the emotional vulnerability of adolescent artistic expression .
A buoyant celebration of the power of music , this is the third blissfully entertaining musical romance from John Carney , who also wrote and directed Once and Begin Again .
Carney nails every quirky detail .
After Once and Begin Again , Irish writer-director John Carney makes it a hat-trick of delightful rites-of-passage musical films with his latest , Sing Street .
Coming after Once and Begin Again it offers further proof of director John Carney 's ability to make crowd-pleasing musical dramas with a lingering , bittersweet aftertaste .
I laughed , I cried , I bought the soundtrack album .
Carney 's captivating combination of catchy songs and compelling characters is so charming you wo n't want it to end . Surely set to be one of the films of the year .
For at least half its running length Sing Street is tremendous : a coming of age story set in early 80s Dublin that has the comic poignance and truthfulness of a Gregory 's Girl or a Son Rambow .
Love the film , buy the soundtrack , paint your nails , put some blusher on and fall in love for the first time , again .
Exuberant in a winningly ramshackle way , this is the cinematic equivalent of a classic disposable pop song and - as Noel Coward pointed out - it 's `` strange how potent cheap music is ... ''
Cornily heart-warming , it 's an absolute delight and a welcome relief from the shock and bore of the typical multiplex blockbuster .
Carney seems to be viewing his imagined world with both sepia and rose tints , yet the result is still , with sufficient suspension of disbelief , sweetly enjoyable .
John Carney 's love affair with pop music is one of indie cinema 's pleasures , blending a busker 's spirit with lovely songs presented in stirring dramatic context .
A delightful coming-of-age tale that both celebrates young love and laments how quickly the fire of youth can be snuffed out .
Like a great pop song , this film is over much too soon .
As joyous a moviegoing experience as 2016 has offered to date , sweet and funny and just dark enough to keep the admittedly imitative story interesting .
Energetic and enjoyable - it 's nostalgic music to your ears !
Like a tie-in soundtrack album in search of a movie .
A nostalgia-infused , fairytale of a movie that is simply impossible to dislike .
Sing Street very definitely intends to revive those feelings you had at hearing that music and seeing bands you had often never heard of that displayed undeniable fashion risks and quirky visual choices .
A truly touching tribute to teenhood and that time when you did n't know what you did n't know .
Carney has pulled a beautiful and bittersweet dream from the ether and shared it with us .
At its best , this is an absolute darling of a movie , offering a tender and rueful look at the intensity of youth , when love and music are practically inseparable .
I liked Sing Street pretty much from the word go and only went on to like it more from that point onwards .
Good-hearted , charming , winning little movie with doses of genuine magic -- and an authentic sense of time and place and youthfulness . It might restore your faith in the musical film .
` Charming ' is a perfect word to describe Sing Street .
Great fun , with a terrific euro-grunge soundtrack .
As a testament to the power of music , the bond of brotherhood and the boundless possibilities of youth , `` Sing Street '' just plain works .
With ` Sing Street ' , John Carney once again is pleasantly tuned in to the music scene .
The three leads make Sing Street as alive and vital as the spirit of rock 'n' roll that it celebrates .
The film captures the earnestness and the silliness of the boys ' efforts , but also how little that matters when you 're discovering what it feels like to create something .
A spunky romantic drama about a gifted singer and songwriter who is transformed by music and love
Singing for Survival
There are enough delicious details here to keep `` Sing Street '' alive and kicking .
John Carney 's third film is a joyous celebration of 1980s rock , youth , and love . One of the best films of the year .
No one will ever hate him - or herself for going along with the sentimental Irish improbabilities .
Sure , it 's only `` Commitments-Lite . '' It 's still infectious and sweet
Save some time . Go buy the soundtrack before you see this vibrant slice of '80s pop culture .
... a delightful little film that feels true to its time and place .
With its intriguing characters and exhilarating music , `` Sing Street '' is the best film about being young , gifted and Irish since `` The Commitments . ''
An exuberant musical ... graceful , with warm humor and a touch of bittersweet nostalgia .
The music-minded filmmaker is on surer ground in Sing Street , with his own Irish upbringing viewed through wish-fulfillment goggles .
Just as with Once and Begin Again , Sing Street will make you laugh , cry and leave you humming its songs for days .
It 's official : John Carney is making the best movie musicals anywhere in the world .
In three features , Carney has made his personal greatest hits album .
A delightful film that is almost impossible to watch without a smile on your face .
As long as Sing Street stays on this sweet , sentimental path , the film is an agreeable toe-tapper .
Carney has an uncanny way of telling a story through music . `` Sing Street '' reminds us of being young and lost in a song , realizing with a jolt that someone else had the same feelings we did .
Sing Street feels personal , as well as universal , and it captures the warring factions of youthful euphoria and despair .
Carney 's best work to date , smoothly merging his storytelling and jukebox obsessions . Even with a few rocky moments , it all works with irresistible confidence .
`` Sing Street '' is hardly original . It 's not even original for Carney . But , like a great old song that comes on the radio , just because you 've heard it a thousand times before does n't mean you wo n't crank it up .
That knockout sequence holds the key to ` Sing Street , ' and to all of Carney 's musicals - the idea that when you find your way into a song , you can create your own destiny .
Sing Street is no Once , but it 's a huge improvement over Begin Again , and a must for anyone who cares about the pop music of the mid-80s . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Sing Street is a crowd-pleasing , glittery '80s nostalgia trip , and John Carney 's most red-blooded effort yet .
I could scarcely be more delighted to report that Carney has rediscovered the magic of Once with Sing Street , another tiny , winsome charmer set in Dublin .
Carney casts a nostalgic glow that never turns into overt sentimentality and hits all the right notes . Growing up is hard , but it goes down easier when the music is this good .
If Sing Street confirms that Carney , who made his name as the writer/director of Once and Begin Again , has only one trick as a filmmaker -- the infectious rapture of musical collaboration -- well , it 's a pretty great trick .
If the narrative hits familiar notes , Carney has a knack for presenting it in a way that makes it feel fresh .
Another marvelous movie-music hybrid from Dublin auteur John Carney .
John Carney 's latest romantic dramedy set to song is a return to a contemporary model of cinematic musical that he 's making his trademark .
The film may only be about ` this kid , a girl , and the future , ' but that 's just a simple way of saying it 's about everything that matters .
While this darling film is inspired by a year in the sentimental filmmaker 's own early life , it is founded on the hope and charm of song .
Carney understands how music not only provides a soundtrack for a life , but can change a life , too .
As in `` Inside Out , '' Conor comes to understand how sadness and happiness need each other . And , after all , there 's no better place to combine them than a rock song .
This rock 'n' roll fantasy , set in Dublin in 1985 , will leave you feeling as warm as a gorgeous pop song , and nostalgic for that time in your life when discovering new music that sings to you is the most important thing in the world .
It 's a movie that peers through nostalgia like harsh light through a sheer curtain .
Sing Street knows what it takes to form your own band , made by a guy who really loves music .
Sing Street is certainly a joyous movie , but it lacks the lightning-in-a-bottle quality of Once .
Those put off by the prospect of a musical in the '80s pop style of Duran Duran or Pet Shop Boys should cast their prejudices aside when it comes to John Carney 's `` Sing Street . '' You might find yourself singing along .
Here -LSB- Carney 's -RSB- got the balance just right , delivering a funny and heartfelt tale about a Dublin teen in the mid-80s .
John Carney -LRB- Begin Again -RRB- once again tries to reheat a Once soufflé and instead serves up a flat , cheerily antiseptic period musical .
A modest , playful , beguiling coming-of-age musical set in the 1980s Ireland of Carney 's formative youth .
Faith in the transformative power of music courses through Sing Street like an electric current .
Warm , ingratiating , with a beat you can dance to , `` Sing Street '' is a feel-good movie that never demands to be liked . Instead it asks , politely and irresistibly .
A good-natured , old-fashioned , crowd-pleasing Irish pop musical that does n't go anywhere unexpected but has a great time getting there .
Do n't be deterred by the timeworn material - as a romantic vision of youth and rock , `` Sing Street '' is number one with a bullet .
Sing Street has the potential to achieve unmistakable popularity with not only teens but also audiences of all ages .
There are no two ways about it : `` Sing Street '' is pure bliss . This is the kind of joyous movie where audiences drift out of the theater as if on a cloud .
... this time Carney takes the autobiographical route with an ensemble of impressive newcomers . It 's a blast of 80 's nostalgia specific to a place but universal in its music .
Maybe the idea that an unflaggingly optimistic and overly simplistic music video could inspire such great hopes and effort is not something to scoff at .
It 's all too sweet and easy , and the band 's music-which is composed by John Carney , the movie 's writer and director , and Gary Clark-is bland and overproduced .
Director John Carney scores again with a ragtag musical coming of age story that should please fans of his Once and Begin Again .
As it hurdles over slight used clichés , Sing Street pops out as more than a piece of art , but instead it rings in a story that 's honest and true .
John Carney 's `` Sing Street '' is a pint-sized , new wave -- and similarly crowd-pleasing -- version of `` The Commitments . ''
It overflows with appealing performances and nostalgic charm .
Built out of crowd-pleasing elements as durable as a lacquered , sky-high '80s hairdo , writer-director John Carney 's coming-of-age musical is a synth-drenched joy : a tuneful , deeply personal ode to the impulse that forges a high school rock band .
In Sing Street , filmmaker John Carney provides a wholly charming , delightful , amusingly familiar passage of life .
Sing Street is the kind of film that enthusiastically bellows its feelings to the sky , with full band accompaniment and a triumphant guitar crescendo to drive it all home .
Music and joy . We could all use more of that , and Sing Street has it in abundance .
A sweetly funny , charming and poignant depiction of this very specific time in life - at once universal and specific - when anything seems possible . And with killer pop tunes to boot .
Brilliant -LRB- if edgy -RRB- musical drama celebrates creativity .
Carney has a humorous and loving eye for detail , an intuitive ear for dialogue , and the film is extremely personal in a way that is universal .
Sing Street takes teenagers ' troubles seriously while also letting them create like grown-ups -- and it 's a rollicking time at the movies , too .
The movie understands how enchantment and disappointment go together , like the A and B sides of a single that wo n't leave the turntable .
Once with a bigger budget and smaller actors , this is a winsomely entertaining musical tribute to how passion can pave the way towards a better life .
Fans of Carney 's lush romanticism and hook-laden lyricism will be thrilled to add this one to their playlist .
Sing Street is the most romantic movie you 'll find anywhere these days , brimming over with music , fun and the thrill of first love .
The whole film is unlikely , a joyous story of youth , innocence , sweet earnestness , charming ineptitude and a shaky but productive belief on the hero 's part that he can do anything he pleases .
If `` Once '' was a densely crafted album , `` Sing Street '' is more like a perfectly crafted single : `` Crazy Little Thing Called Youth . ''
You 've seen every element of Sing Street hundreds of times before-it 's Carney 's knack for assembling them that makes the difference .
Carney digs deeper than the usual universal love story to comment on Irish life in 1985 and sets it to a soundtrack that hits all the right notes for those with fond memories of Swatch watches and Trapper Keepers .
The beguiling modesty of the film ends up being even more important than its music or incredibly likable characters . Like most of the bands it honors , `` Sing Street '' may be a bit disposable , but its electric emotions linger like a warm memory .
The fun of Sing Street , set during a big boom period for U.K. rock , is that it allows Carney 's fond , romanticized memories of his glory days to double as a musical history lesson ...
Singing , dreaming , making out : Despite some familiar formula , these characters make all three feel new again .
`` Sing Street '' is just like the old singles it idolizes - sharp , slick , snappy . And it leaves you with nothing more than an urge to sit through it all again .
This is the type of film that has the power to make its audience overjoyed with optimism .
All traces of grit from John Carney 's earlier films have been scrubbed away in favor of relentlessly crowd-pleasing slickness .
Once director John Carney returns to his native Dublin for Sing Street , a 1980s set coming-of-age crowdpleaser with real depth , heart and wit to match its toe-tapping musical beats .
Though Sing Street is much more stylized and broad than Once , it remains true to Carney 's fondness for grounded fantasy .
Sing Street is a bittersweet celebration of youth and that sweet spot where life 's possibilities seem infinite and terrifying all at once .
Superficially gritty but hopelessly romantic .
A classic , and yet another durable blossom in Irish cinema 's current purple patch .
Sing Street trades in a similar sort of heightened reality to that which energised Stanley Donen 's post-war musicals .
Few films are ever as enjoyable and endearing as Sing Street . From its five-star cast to its unforgettable soundtrack , Carney 's latest musical masterpiece dances around with a jovial charm that 's addicting and innocent enough to revisit again and again .
Sing Street is a feel-good New Wave/pop coming-of-age love story .
Sing Street is an absolute crowdpleaser , and while there are some false notes along the way , they 're not enough to drown out the joyous experience of watching these kids make beautiful music together .
While the structure can be a touch too formulaic , it 's difficult to resist getting swept up in the music and its modest ambitions .
Sing Street blends relatable strife , young love and cheering acts of rebellion into a funny and foot-tapping treat .
Carney simply loves the music of the era and adores these kids , and his affection is infectious .
Sing Street is simply lovely at conveying the beautiful foolishness of being young , in love , and moved to create .
A portrait of a beloved decade , an essay on the struggles of a family and evidence of how good music can be silly and sublime at the same time .
I say this with love , sincerity , and respect : Sing Street is Once : Kidz Bop Edition
What makes `` Sing Street '' such a joyously entertaining film -LRB- besides the songs -RRB- is that it thinks the best of its characters , and it presents them the way they 'd like to think of themselves .
Virtuoso filmmaking . A mini-masterpiece .
A rite-of-passage romance wrapped in a let 's - make-a-band scenario , the disarming film colors its social realism with the kind of wish-fulfillment fantasy often found in a four-minute music video .
Sing Street is guaranteed to get you out of your seat and dancing in the streets .
It 's crowd-pleasing , heart-warming , hits all the right notes , and is eager to please .
John Carney is saving the world through music , one movie at a time .
Lightning strikes thrice as Irish writer-director John Carney 's let 's - make-a-band formula once more yields winning results .
Did you like The Commitments ? Did you like We Are the Best !!? Well , Sing Street is n't as good as either of those two , but it 's still pretty terrific .

@highlight

Sing Street is a feel-good musical with huge heart and irresistible optimism , and its charmimg cast and hummable tunes help to elevate its familiar plotting .