While it desperately wants to crossover to a mainstream audience , it is what it is : a movie for skiers .
Steep is more promo-reel than documentary .
Catch this on an IMAX screen if you 're interested , but for a great movie about mountain-based triumphs of the human spirit check out the inspirational Blindsight instead .
In this handsomely shot documentary about extreme skiing , thrill-seeking devotees boast of their exploits , but shed no light on what drives them to risk their lives .
It gets a little wearing , hanging out with these lions , but there 's no denying the beauty of the landscape , with its fluttering avalanches , plumes of powder and vertiginous , zigzagging descents .
Remarkably , given the extraordinary descents captured on film and despite the less than subtle stirring score , the film is ultimately lacking in any real excitement .
Amazing imagery of remarkable achievements and a chronicle of the sport but one that could have dug a little deeper into the psychology of the extreme skiers .
If you 're a fan of ` extreme skiing ' -LRB- ie . hurling yourself down terrifyingly steep terrain with sticks on your feet -RRB- , this film is your Holy Grail .
There 's awe-inspiringly beautiful footage in Steep and awe-inspiringly stupid talk .
A tedious movie about excitement .
It 's nearly impossible to walk away without a new motivation to find what can make you feel the way these characters do .
As enchanting as all this alpine footage can be , as a movie , Steep is flat .
The tediousness becomes a little too palpable and the film 's first half is frankly dull , despite some fine acting from Depardieu and Balibar .
Sometimes it takes escaping death to feel alive -- especially if we have survived a cancer scare , a road accident or some other potentially fatal encounter . But Steep is about those who actively seek that dance with danger .
Leaves us with images that are n't easily forgotten and a grudging respect for people who blaze new trails in search of a thrill .
Steep is a throwback to the early days of movies when the sight of things in motion was a thrill in itself . Seeing leaves rustling in the wind or waves on the sea was a marvel .
Steep is one of those rare endeavors able to touch on the human condition without neglecting the film 's true star : big-mountain skiing .
Obenhaus 's movie certainly contains a lot of spectacular photography .
Even though the pull of the mountain remains a mystery , we do gain some understanding of the humanity that fuels the hair-raising risks captured so eloquently on film .
In the end , you will believe the film 's talking heads , but , more than likely , what they say may still make little logical sense to you .
If you like your skiing extreme but your documentaries safe , then carve a sharp turn over to Steep .
Steep is a visually exhilarating sports documentary that is also more than a little exasperating .
In the end , I liked this movie , sometimes quite a bit ; it just did n't blow me away .
Adrenaline junkies and armchair sports enthusiasts should enjoy this informative history of extreme skiing .
A second-rate documentary for extreme ski fans only .
In the end , Steep plays like a TV infomercial -- and who wants to hand over $ 11 to watch one ?
so many shots of one person skiing down impossibly steep slopes that the film becomes mundane . The shots of snowy peaks are pretty , but they get pretty old after 92 minutes .
With more white powder than even Al Pacino 's nose housed in ` Scarface ' , Steep pushes human endurance and achievement to the limit with indescribable eye-popping crazy feats of Big Mountain glory .
I 'm not a skier . My balance is bad , and that stuff scares me . So more power to those who are - this flick 's for you . And probably not anyone else .
The movie takes us to the most dangerous peaks of the French Alps and to the breath-taking slopes of southeastern Alaska that are accessible only by helicopter .
I wish the filmmakers had gone a bit more into the psychology of what drives these men ...
Steep is an undeniably impressive visual spectacle that follows the sport of extreme skiing .
For a portrait of a sport that 's all about breaking the rules , the approach is far too reverent .
Enthusiasts and neophytes alike should be able to join together in gasping at the sight of people plunging down vertical walls of ice , taking their lives into their own hands for a brief , lion-lifed adrenaline charge .
It takes a remarkable anti-ability to grab hold of a subject as visual and dramatic as big-mountain skiing and turn it into a dull night at the lodge .
An avalanche-in-progress aside , there 's no hook for the audience , who would probably have more fun getting drunk in the lodge .
Unquestionably one of the most amazing films dealing with man 's battle against nature since Kevin Macdonald 's Touching the Void
Helicopters take us astonishingly close to the skiers as they climb up dizzying peaks , then race down 90-degree cliffs and sometimes jump off precipices with parachutes to bring them back to Earth .
-LSB- A -RSB- gorgeous documentary .
Steep provides a skin-deep history lesson on extreme skiing .
You can choose to risk a heart attack watching these skiers take off on 55-degree mountain passes or breaking your neck trying imitating them yourself . Thrilling sport . Great photography .
The sport and its stunts have evolved , captured beautifully and thrillingly here by director Mark Obenhaus and cinematographer Erich Roland .
Less a documentary than a sales pitch .






@highlight

Steep is a mixed bag of breathtaking mountain footage and yawn-inducing banter .