If you 're a fan of gore and mystery , this is a movie for you .
... gradually loses its strength . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Øvredal hands himself over to a familiar and uninspired cat-and-mouse runaround , but even when his film relies on clichés he presents them with a calculated confidence not often seen in studio horror flicks .
Whatever its eventual frustrations , Autopsy of Jane Doe is original and deftly handled , one of the better scary movies I 've seen in recent years .
As successful as -LSB- its -RSB- elements are , they would be considerably less effective without such excellent central performances .
Øvredal builds on a pair of strong performances to craft an unnerving chiller with a genuine sense of mystery .
The Autopsy Of Jane Doe 's premise is jaw-droppingly exciting , but it soon gives way to ticking off every horror cliche in the book .
A surprising film that could go unnoticed but that surely will not disappoint you , and whether you 're fan or not of this type of cinema , certainly we recommend it extensively . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Autopsy of Jane Doe does n't take the time to innovate , but it does show that it 's possible to reuse conventional elements to create an effective work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film may have collided into something more epic but , despite falling into conventionalism , its climax and the Hollywood style , it manages to be a horror story above average . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An effective weekend treat , no more , no less . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A horror-mystery of elegant craftsmanship and genuine unnerving fear .
Norwegian director Andre Ovredal plays with tropes of genre and gender in this clever horror film .
A very nicely handled chiller set in a small-town morgue .
Fans of the genre will rejoice in the rare sight of a new kind of threat . They will celebrate further at the director 's success in satisfactorily exploiting a challenging premise .
Olwen Kelly makes Jane Doe a genuine , legitimate presence in the film - literally without batting an eyelash . Make no mistake : this is a great performance .
This chilling chamber piece from the Norwegian director André Ovredal is an exercise in restrained horror .
Small-scale horror to be sure , but not one you should cold shoulder .
An engaging combination of nerve-jangling suspense , graphic swerves into unexpected shock , queasy surgical procedures and the blackest humour .
A creepy supernatural yarn from the director of Trollhunter .
There are some problems , but this is an intelligent , unpredictable and very well-made horror mystery that subverts the expected genre clichés and really does get under your skin .
The second half is merely morbid runaround , punctuating its soundtrack crashes with self-justifying footnotes on historical misogyny .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is a solid , scary , and worthy addition to the horror genre .
Creates a successful feeling of mounting dread punctuated by crashing thunder and surgical viscera .
Øvredal ruthlessly ratchets the tension - with no little assistance from Olwen Kelly , conveying menace without moving a muscle .
An enjoyably twisty little throat-grabber .
It 's hard to think of another film that has brought such lip-smacking relish to its sound design .
What begins as a novel spin on the claustrophobic thriller takes a turn for the familiar about halfway through , but strong performances , lean exposition and tight camera work keep indie-horror rising star André Øvredal 's new feature compelling .
Exceeds in scares and creates a story of intrigue that more importantly features fully realised , three dimensional , characters we genuinely care for .
A less flashy take on CSI , but with dark , occult ideas slowly seeping in from the edges .
Horror films have become so formulaic these days that it 's refreshing , even exciting , to see something that defies categorization .
Cox and Hirsch lend marvelous gravitas to their father-and-son team , whose reactions to the unfolding mystery pile on the ominous sense of dread that will soon be punctured by a chaotic chamber-of-horrors fight for survival .
A lean indie horror flick that manages to creep us out even before getting to the part that 's meant to be truly unsettling .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is a smart indie film that knows how to turn its budgetary limitations to its advantage .
For at least the first 50 of its 100 minutes , Andre Øvredal 's coroner horror story is nearly flawless .
Director Øvredal lets the tension and claustrophobia build , and the end result is chilling .
It burns me when a film starts with such promise , to fail when wrapping up it 's ending . Unfortunately , The Autopsy of Jane Doe is a huge let down .
A true horror film haunting needs depth to get under our skin , to chill us down to the bone . This one ca n't leave us cold enough .
A horror film that dramatizes the destruction of masculine rationality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you 're into the weird stuff , you should definitely catch this one .
You 'll have to deliver more than a few scattered scares to make Jane Doe the next horror franchise .
A modest production with elaborate horror destined to the fans of the genre but appreciable by anyone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Smart shocks punctuate The Autopsy of Jane Doe , a tight little horror-thriller that surprises to the end .
Although the director does n't take full advantage of a format that allows him to play with the genre , the film manages to keep the interest thanks to its characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cox is a flawless pro even in a role that many peers would consider a phone-it-in paycheck part .
Essentially a chamber piece for Brian Cox and Emile Hirsch , the film benefits from the actors ' skills and their believable father/son rapport .
One of the most distinguished surprises of 2016 , thanks to its harmony and precision to handle the suspense indoors . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A master class of staging applied to genre films , where the director returns to demonstrate his talent as storyteller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... you come to this movie looking for thrills and peril , and you get plenty of it , along with some terrifically gross prosthetics
A cut above most horror flicks , especially the jump-scare-heavy fare that tends to be dumped into multiplexes this time of year .
Even when the movie 's falling into a straighter line , the early emphasis on quietly nuanced characterizations and a measured pace give the danger more dimension .
Ultimately what the movie accomplishes is that it stands on its own ... The Autopsy of Jane Doe is enticingly uncomfortable .
Even with an ending that does n't quite work I still kind of loved this chilling horror opus , and as such I 'm eager to dive into its macabre layers again relatively soon .
Once the movie shifts from looming dread to outright horror , it loses most of its elegance .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is remarkably graceful , and even respectful of it eponymous character
When it works , it works magnificently . When it does n't , it only has itself , and it 's overreaching screenplay , to blame .
Fans wo n't be disappointed by its scares and secrets .
While it does n't shy away from the requisite blood and gore , the genre clichés and arbitrary twists diminish the suspense during the final act .
You could do a lot worse than this effective little chiller from the director of the 2010 Norwegian cult cheapie , Trollhunter .
Dark , gory new film is almost the scariest movie ever made .
Norwegian director Andre Ovredal follows up his terrific Trollhunter with an equally smart and satisfying chiller .
Although it frequently traffics in cliché , The Autopsy of Jane Doe is an effective horror film , using many familiar elements -- mirror scares , creepy old-timey music , eerie sound design and lighting -- to great effect .
Featuring stellar performances from both Emile Hirsch and Brian Cox , the film marks yet another exciting addition to André Øvredal 's growing resume .
Øvredal distracts from the cheesy script with dramatic camera angles that imbue even silly scenes with an ominous air .
Øvredal offers a more sophisticated and scarier story that pulls audiences to the edge of their seats , then pitches them back in genuine fright .
This morbid film takes body horror to a new level , but leaves its brains behind .
Gruesome without being gory , `` The Autopsy of Jane Doe '' achieves real scares with a minimum of special effects .
Seemingly torn between more refined art house pretensions and knowingly pulpy schlock , The Autopsy of Jane Doe ultimately feels like an unsatisfactory compromise between the two .
a crafty undertaking that balances mystery with panic
In just three films , Na Hong-jin has emerged as one of South Korean cinema 's best kept secrets .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is good genre fun - if little more .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is an age-old story of family horror that benefits from an approach focused on dark whimsy instead of typical genre jumps .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is n't destined to be a classic , but it 's got grotesque imagery and ideas to spare-a modern day fairytale with a thoroughly rotten core .
-LSB- A -RSB- polished shocker whose realistic special effects will limit its audience to hardcore horror fans .
Utilises customary horror components to assemble an enjoyable , assured genre effort .
This is cinema 's most comprehensive look at the gruesome business of necropsy since The Act of Seeing with One 's Own Eyes .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is basically a great haunted house movie-the house just happens to be the morgue .
Cox and Hirsch are both accomplished actors with an easy , believable chemistry , and Cox in particular has the gravitas to really sell some of the more grotesque plot twists .
It is particularly pleasing to see Øvredal return with a film that not only lets his talent shine but is one of the best horror movies of the year .
I feel , with the star draw but uninspired story , that I was cheated by the filmmakers .
... an effective and engaging mystery with some unexpected twists and turns ...
A campy , nasty , tremendously fun horror experience in which death proves not the ending we might expect .
While there 's so much to admire in the way this horror is fashioned and the fear it conjures up in the moment , what lies beneath does n't sit quite right .
One of the best horror movies of the year .
A genuinely intriguing and compelling gothic mystery .
carefully balances charm , mystery and frights , without ever forgetting a feminist subtext wherein it is better that past wrongs against women , however traumatic , be faced than merely buried , ignored or passed on .
A fairly thin yet entertaining horror flick ...
To say much more would spoil the film 's surprises , but it 's fair to say that it hits all the right notes .
-LSB- Øvredal -RSB- elegantly and disturbingly unwraps the enigma , dismantling this puzzle box and finally unveiling a creepy collage from this stack of clues .
It 's a half-good film , but that 's a small comfort when up to a certain point I thought I was watching something really special .
The Autopsy of Jane Doe is a creepy motion picture , festering with atmosphere and frequently very frightening .
Terrifying and relentless , with the terrific Brian Cox and Emile Hirsch as two coroners who come in contact with terrible evil .
Lifeless and lackluster .
Ovredal 's first English-langauge feature makes good on the promise of his homegrown 2011 fantasy action hit `` Trollhunter . ''

@highlight

The Autopsy of Jane Doe subverts the gruesome expectations triggered by its title to deliver a smart , suggestively creepy thriller that bolsters director André Ovredal 's growing reputation .