A blissfully mean-spirited and aggressively creepy terror tale , and one that 's not content to simply rest on its one good concept .
Here is one of those rare movies that penetrates the membrane separating all those disposable `` gotcha '' scarefests from genuinely engrossing supernatural thrillers .
It 's Assault on Precinct 13 meets the The Thing with vampires as the baddies -LRB- Can we count the ways director John Carpenter has influenced genre films today ? -RRB- .
30 Days of Night is a great example on how to combine chills , thrills and gore with the end result a serious and effective horror movie .
These 30 Days feel like an eternity
Scrapping many of the undead cliches and aided by troublingly realistic special effects , Slade has crafted one hell of a monster movie .
About as scary as Count Chocula .
Not bad , but let 's just say the movie could have used a tad more intentional humor .
30 Days of Night aspires to be little more than a movie-movie , where you 're supposed to enjoy the ride , without asking any questions .
... -LSB- T -RSB- he hissing foreign-language chatting vampires , with all pointy teeth , make for dull , screaming villains .
The action is fast and gruesome , but beyond Niles and Templesmith 's unique setting , in which the typical race to daylight is stretched out to an agonizing marathon , '30 Days of Night ' offers little to stir the imagination .
Frankly , after you 've seen one writhing , orgiastic vampire feeding , you 've seen them all .
This is n't my favourite genre , but it 's evident that the film delivers all the requisite elements for fans itching to sit through decapitations , body ripping and blood-soaked , tooth gnashing devourings directed in as fresh a way as is possible .
I was done when there was a needless scene abusing a woman . And the ending was on the verge of interesting , until it came down to one little punch .
30 Days of Night reinvents the vampire movie , but only with its novel premise .
It certainly does entertain , particularly for those who consider a man chopping off the head of one of his friends ... entertaining . Twice !
Concept : excellent . Setup : intriguing . Execution : well ... too many interesting ideas bungled .
aniso thriler poy mpalatzarei anamesa sti mpimoybiariki anapologitikotita toy kai ti mpantmoybiariki ektelesi toy , kai dihos na mporei na anaparastisei peistika tin komikistiki aisthitiki tis pigis empneysis toy , parapataei me epiloges poy toy prokyptoyn
Feels derivative of 28 Days Later .
Os vampiros vistos aqui são pouco mais do que animais irracionais e desinteressantes .
It would be fun to rent with friends who talk back to movies and imbibe a little ETOH to facilitate the witty comebacks . Compared to the other Halloween offerings out there this year , 30 Days of Night is really pretty decent value for your money . Great
an okay flick
Redeems the vampire sub-genre , yanking it from the abysmal depths ...
Overall , the film is freaky and gruesome enough to keep horror fans thrilled , especially as the monsters get stronger , faster , badder and nuttier .
30 Days Of Night has a terrific premise and an intriguing setting , but it 's badly let down by poor direction , dismal acting and an appalling script .
A real baying-at-the-moon gorefest , unusual both for its savagery and for a half-decent performance from Hartnett .
Adapted from the graphic novel by Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith , 30 Days of Night is so dead serious you may feel the frequent urge to poke it in the ribs .
If you are looking for a genuinely scary Halloween film , this is a good bet .
30 Days of Night has a striking comic-book aesthetic and macabre sense of fun - if your sense of fun includes watching a vampire turned into pâté in the gnashing metal jaws of a rubbish processor .
The portrayal of small-town dynamics amid the loneliness of the frozen North is more artful than the frenzied , sloppy , shaky-camera fangwork .
An extremely gory but never completely gripping horror .
A refreshing variation on the vampire movie formula , with a strong premise and a fair bit of splatter , but insufficient verve to last out its nearly two hour running time .
Good idea , boring execution .
I 've seen more creepy vampires , I guess . But the thought of waiting out the ghouls in `` 30 Days of Night '' is pretty interesting .
This has more bite than we 've come to expect from Sam Raimi 's Ghost House production outfit . Some of the action misses the jugular , but Danny Huston makes for a sensational baddie .
A frustrating mix of imaginative design , erratic plotting and underwritten characters .
In comparison to recent anaemic vampire offerings , it does make your blood run cold - assuming you 've got any left .
This slick and sticky horror is the most accomplished treatment of vampire lore since Near Dark .
30 Days Of Night strikes out a nerve-jangling , bloodily unpredictable route to a truly stunning ending that 's well worth the wait .
The isolated , unique nature of the town 's plight keeps the film from tapping directly into universal fears , but it will certainly make you grateful to see the sun rise
Great setup , a mediocre middle , and no follow through make this story a swing and a miss , although an entertainingly bloody mess to watch .
They are counting the number of days to the sun and I was counting the number of minutes to the end .
Director David Slade is clearly of the opinion that more is more , so there is lots of blood , lots of gore , and lots of vampires in black coats standing around as if auditioning for a remake of the Michael Jackson Thriller video .
It 's not quite torture porn , but there are lots of flying body parts to play with . And that flyin ' body part fan base is really going to have a good time with it .
The problem is structural . After the invasion , we 're marooned with the dull survivors .
The vampire 's attacks are nicely manic - think of an over-zealous contestant at a pie eating contest -- but they get repetitive after the first few kills .
The unscary 30 Days of Night has shallow bite .
Potentially biting off more than he can chew , Hard Candy indie director David Slade moves on from pedophile revenge fantasy to a ravenous Alaskan vampire buffet .
a vampire film of unusually grave conviction , way too cold for camp .
your best choice for fun frights before a night of track or treating .
A terrific horror premise goes begging in the garbled Halloween offering 30 Days of Night .
The premise is slightly intriguing , but the execution is blander than Josh Hartnett 's screen presence .
A somewhat shrug-inducing vessel of unfulfilled potential , consisting of solidly executed attack passages followed by great stretches of relative tedium .
30 Days is gory , graphic , suspenseful and occasionally nonsensical . But it 's a vampire movie and if you 're into that genre you 'll probably be into this .
Let 's call this one ` Vampire Movies for Dummies ' , complete with our hero -LRB- John Hartnett -RRB- having the job of solemnly stating the obvious as a pseudo narrator .
It has a fairly original premise and some blood-curdling moments , but it 's also predictable , repetitive and vile .
If the comic book had never existed , this would be pretty cool . As is , it 's a slightly missed opportunity with enough fun parts that it does n't feel like a total waste .
Now if you dig vampire flicks that will gross you out and are filled with gory set pieces , then maybe the high number of ax decapitations will catch your fancy .
It 's not a classic , but it 's good blood-spattered fun .
Final analysis : vampires cool ; humans suck . Go read the comic .
Bleak , bombastic and belligerent , Slade 's blood-busting bohemians will indeed take a caustic chunk out of your imaginative horrifying souls .
Danny Huston is the vampire leader . Who knew that vampires look like traveling salesmen , belly up to the bar at the Holiday Inn by the highway in Poughkeepsie ? ` It 's time to sink my teeth into a free breakfast buffet , ' says Danny .
Decent vampire movies are few and far between , and I 'm having a hard time remembering a recent one that impressed me like 30 Days of Night .
Gone are filmdom 's traditional seductive vampires , but '30 Days of Night ' still contains chills and thrills galore .
Slade does n't skimp on the gore , or on the disturbing imagery of these fast-moving vampires ... hunting the townsfolks through the snow .
If this is the kind of movie you 're looking for , it delivers .
You may not believe there 's any more blood to suck from the shriveled corpse of the vampire movie , but you 'd be wrong .
30 Days of Night redonne ses lettres de noblesses à monstre édenté depuis des années , pour ne pas dire des décennies .
Your enjoyment of Hollywood 's latest vampire flick , 30 Days of Night , is largely going to depend on how forgiving you are towards the flaws of the Underworld movies .
In order to enjoy the best , you have to put up with the worst ... and rarely have `` best '' and `` worst '' commingled quite so completely .
The most impressive effect in 30 Days of Night is Danny Huston 's haircut .
At its core , 30 Days of Night is a siege Western relocated to the frozen north .
The premise of this film has just got to be the ultimate wet dream for your average vampire .
Director Slade has fashioned a horror film that , for all its narrative shortcomings , succeeds at what it set out to do : make vampires scary again and terrify audiences doing it .
30 Days of Night is the kind of gruesome but entertaining survival guide you pray you never have to follow : how to stop vampires killing you during the darkest days of Alaskan winter .
30 Days of Night manages to do for the vampire genre what 28 Days Later did for the zombie flick : give age-old monsters a modern-day makeover .
Vampires stage a blood orgy in a tiny Alaskan town that spends a month of every year sunk in the darkness of polar winter in this gory adaptation of Steve Niles ' popular graphic novel .
It 's clear the film script has gone through the standard Hollywood death-of-a-thousand-rewrites wringer to emerge as shadow of its former self , drained of much of its creative synergy .
It 's an unusually thoughtful chiller .
Fleshing out their minimalist story in a way that wo n't cause the blood to drain from fans ' faces , it 's one of the better recent efforts as both a comic adaptation and a fright flick .
30 Days of Night is the well-paced and entertaining horror debut of Hard Candy director David Slade , who captures the coolest parts of Steve Niles ' comic book series on the big screen .
A truly terrifying hell-ride through darkness for grownups .
30 Days of Night is a high-concept movie idea that 's so good , I 'm surprised we have n't seen it .
Director David Slade takes the film adaptation halfway home by getting the look exactly right .
Whatever power the original comic had , this film adaptation lost it in translation .
You could make a horror film with shocking story developments and creepy twists . Or , you could just have monsters with pointy teeth jump into the frame while making loud noises . For the latter , check out the vampire flick 30 Days of Night .
The increasingly ridiculous behavior of some of the other humans turn the film laughable by interrupting its brutality with banality . And when it comes to vampires , brutal is always better .
An anemic adaptation of Steve Niles and Ben Templesmith 's creepy comic series , 30 Days of Night is lighter on horror than it is on inadvertent humor .
See the movie for the vampires , which are at least visually interesting . The humans are so boring I could n't wait for them to die .
30 Days of Night is n't deep , but it 's effective , and at least it does n't seem like something you 've seen a dozen times before .
Even as stage blood flows like water , this wicked-mean vampire thriller pushes ahead with effective characters , a fantastic visual schema and a terrifying plot .
Like most kiddies games , this one starts out fun and then gets tired . Inevitably , that 's when Slade tries to revive our interest by upping the gore quotient .
Eventually , the film just runs out of fresh bodies -- sadly , about 29 days after it 's run out of fresh ideas .
Even when it resorts to the hoariest clichés , 30 Days of Night still chills .
The filmmakers have tried to expand the original source material by adding more characters to the mix . But as a result , it actually feels character-thin and a little sketchy .
30 Days the movie conjures the ominous atmosphere that haunted the graphic novel , but squanders much of the rest .
I have pretty much reached my quota for vampire movies , but I should n't hold that against this one . If you have n't seen too many , you might like it .
30 Days is a proficient , atmospheric fangfest that does nothing you have n't seen before but still does it passably well .
30 Days of Night turns so monotonous and repetitive that , by the end , you feel as if you 've lived through an entire month of Black Sundays .
... works in its updating of ancient folk lore , but wears us down with its extended jack hammering approach .
A fresh , gruesomely fun take on the bloodsucking creatures .
Scary is back in the cold deadly way . This horror film contained all the necessary ingredients for a classic fright .
The humans are a bore , but the vampires light up this Night .
This is a failed fright flick that is so inspired by Stephen King that the famous horror scribe should consider suing .
... a horror film as dim as its prevailing palette , a graytoned fugue set in the blankness of the Alaskan Arctic .
The performers have little to do besides spill and drink blood in this tedious , inconsequential B picture . The sun doesnâ -LRB- TM -RRB- t rise nearly fast enough .
It 's the Bourne Ultimatum of horror movies ... It is Ghost House Pictures ' first great film . Actually , it 's their first good film but it 's a great one .
The producers just had to give the material to director David Slade , a hack filmmaker of the worst kind , who drowns any promise this nihilistic tale of frosty survival held by smothering the picture in excessive , pedestrian visual gymnastics .
Nearly passes muster on atmosphere alone .
The concept ? Brilliant ... The execution ? Oh , dear .
A bloody bore that utilizes lots of CGI blood and rapid-fire visual glitz in a doomed effort to cover up the fact that there is nothing going on here that even the least committed consumer of vampire-related entertainment has n't seen many times before
For a horror picture being released only weeks before Halloween , 30 Days of Night does n't thrill and it definitely does n't spook .
Why see the same old Saw when you have a chance to see the best and scariest vampires you have seen in a long time ?
So the remaining survivors huddle together . A few get bitten and turn . Some splatter kills in-between . Remind me again of what exactly is ` groundbreaking ' about this .
... a breath of fresh air amidst the relentless deluge of watered-down , teen-oriented cash grabs and remakes .
30 Days of Night amounts to two hours of missed opportunities .
The film builds terror with ferocious subtlety , admittedly using some of the usual clichés to do so but still in a way that feels fresh and new -LRB- even if they 're not -RRB- .
A frightening genre offering , raising the bar on raising the dead .
With such a good concept for a vampire movie , it 's hard to believe it turned out to be this boring .
The rare horror film that actually lives up to its potential .
30 Days of Night sparks with crackling energy . It 's a symphony of shocks .
The same conflict over and over is not frightening . Once it collapses under the weight of its own preposterousness and lack of suspense , it does n't matter how many cool-looking vampires screech like feral beasts - the movie has already lost all its blood .
Here 's a story set in a place where people are almost as impervious to cold as vampires , and roads remain plowed even after a blizzard .
Not only is 30 Days of Night the first fright flick in a long time to be chilling in every way , it 's also the one to return our fangy friends to their rightful frightfulness .
30 Days hangs on a pretty cool conceit .
This is the perfect film to help you get a head start on Halloween .
This high-concept vampire film suffers from a disappointingly low-concept approach .
This is a full-on , non-stop horror film . You 're either on the bus or off the bus . But if you are on , you 're hanging on with both hands and your hair flying back for the better part of the movie .
This is a gory , nasty movie that never gives its characters or its audience a moment 's rest .
Hartnett has the same empty , mildly worried look in his eyes all the time , whether or not he 's a vampire .
The film moves from truly creepy to truly inane .
These vamps could use stakes as toothpicks and garlic as garnish on their meals of human flesh . Their only weaknesses are a well-swung ax to the jugular and sunlight . Much like Larry King .
Certainly bloody , but not bloody good ... does n't go the tongue-in-cheek route , but by the close it 's pretty risible .
During bad movies my mind often drifts toward better ones , which explains why 30 Days of Night reminded me of High Noon .
The script is simple stuff , simpler than the graphic novel , which at least managed to devote a page or two to the vampires ' back story .
Result is a mixed bag but has a catchy premise and quite enough splatter to satisfy gorehounds .
Despite the clever twist of fighting vampires with an ultraviolet lamp -LRB- good thing grandma grew pot -RRB- , this horror-flick fondue settles into an extended cat-and-mouse sequence dotted with the occasional dollop of gore .
more likely to induce a coma than a nightmare
Rises above its source material , both in plot and gut-rumbling tone . Even accounting for a few logy sequences , it 's the most relentless , sustained freak-out since The Descent .
Doomed to have its best scenes mistakenly remembered as parts of better movies .
-LSB- A -RSB- turd covered in tasty Ghirardelli chocolate - as soon as you sink your teeth in you know you 've got mouthful of sweetened sh*t .
You ca n't have horror without suspense . Do n't they teach the films of Alfred Hitchcock anymore in film school ?
You can only see so many snarling hissy fits by vampires with perpetually bloody chins before they start looking less like monsters and more like ill-tempered circus clowns whose makeup is running .
30 Days of Night is relentless , but it 's also relentlessly one-note .
Commendable for its daring , unconventional vision of vampires , but its erratic pacing makes it a jarring experience that 's hard to adjust to .
Pushes things into violent , hardcore territory all too similar to Danny Boyle 's zombie-outbreak flick 28 Days Later and its 2007 sequel .
The movie 's just not very scary .
David Slade has n't revolutionized the vampire genre , but he may make you wet your pants .
no amount of desensitization can prepare you for David Slade 's chilling vampiric bloodbath . 30 Days of Night is relentlessly brutal horror with nary a comedic wisecracker in sight .
30 Days of Night grabs this hoary monster by the throat , pumps it full of the thick rich blood of life , and shoves it out to greet you , eat you , and coat you in glorious mists of red firing from oh-so-many newly exposed arterial sprays .









@highlight

While 30 Days of Night offers a few thrills , it ultimately succumbs to erratic execution .