This animated WWII story may not engage all kids .
A fun simplistic cheeky British cartoon that entertained me consistently .
You 're are much better off renting `` Chicken Run '' for an evening of entertainment with your progeny .
A valiant effort .
For parents who are tired of the hip , stupid bombast of films like Shark Tale , it 'll do .
It 's a tale with plenty of spirit and a good heart , and yet , this story does n't so much soar across the screen as it does waddle .
Will probably keep youngsters entertained for its short 76 minutes running time .
I think history will remember it as the usher to the mid-list CGI feature .
Pode não ser uma obra-prima -LRB- não é mesmo -RRB- , mas é suficientemente bem realizado para merecer uma conferida enquanto o novo projeto da Pixar não chega aos cinemas .
It 's a happy and welcome debut , showing not only a genuine sense of humour and technical brilliance , but a clever ability to combine serious themes with family entertainment .
A mildly engaging but thoroughly forgettable piece of work .
Vanguard Animation anda volando bajo .
... this spunky little film does n't let the minor matter of a bland central character and a lackluster script get it down .
An OK kids ' movie with a decent story
The film soon proves to be not only unfunny , but something worse : boring .
A computer-animated movie from Disney about the contributions of carrier pigeons in World War II . Good topic , fair animation , but the story quacks like a duck .
Not the finest hour-and-a-half of British animation .
Unoriginal , boring , and not all that cute .
Where are the real fairy tales -- the ones without the relentless number of jokes aimed at grown-ups ?
Unfortunately , the dazzling colors and inspired vocal performances are n't enough to make the whole thing soar like an eagle .
This is not a top grade animated effort , but it is a sweet , enjoyable one .
It feels obligatory , like the boss barged in and said , ` I want a movie about pigeons who help the British war effort on my desk by Monday ! , ' and so everyone had to do it .
So mediocre it ca n't even be called a valiant effort
Here 's a not-so-valiant attempt to recreate the charm of `` Shrek . ''
A film with a story that little kids will find to be too obscure and older viewers will find too juvenile and which is told with a visual style that viewers all ages will find drab and uninteresting .
Disney sticks to that formula of goofy nonchalance - this time without music
Tedious and unfunny computer-animated film .
Arguably the blandest of the burgeoning crop of big budget digitally animated films , Valiant aims to prove that the death of traditional animation has simply pushed lackluster screenplays into the digital realm .
The movie 's takeoffs on old war-movie and RAF-flyboy cliches will certainly not connect with the knowledge base of America 's current youngsters , which will only cause Valiant to seem that much more foreign .
This bird 's got no wings .
Despite its formulaic trappings , ` Valiant ' proves that great heartfelt storytelling will almost always win out over big budget brawn .
It has enough laughs and close calls to keep the target audience entertained for an hour or so .
There are far more aspects of the film that may leave younger viewers confused and may not even be fun after lengthy parental explanations .
I ca n't really tell you why , for a family flick revolving around WWII Carrier Pigeons it 's an obvious gag , but just the idea of department devoted to crafting propaganda for pigeons gets me to smile and chuckle far more than it probably should .
An animated war epic - it does n't sound like it would fly but it does .
These pigeons do n't fly .
Valiant never takes flight . This Disney animated war film is dull and ugly .
Even though its historical references and battle scenes may fly over their heads like so many homing pigeons , kids will enjoy Valiant , too , if only for its nonstop action and lively visual design .
Despite a handful of good aerial ` birdfight ' sequences , ` Valiant ' fails to get off the ground due to a by-numbers script and dodo-ugly character design that add up to less than one would expect from ` Shrek ' producer John H. WilliamsJohn H. William .
This cleverly told animated World War II adventure aims high and scores a pretty lofty goal .
Not only is the pacing less hyper , the humour less pop-cult savvy and the story almost creakily old-fashioned -LSB- than a Pixar production -RSB- , it even looks like it was made in a cloudier climate : the dominant colours are muted blues and greys .
Though it 's made with wit , style and sweetness , it may be a tricky match for American audiences .
A passable animated feature that will entertain small children , but feels as if it was thrown together quickly .
The picture often lacks the essential wackiness needed to please young audiences .
It 's watchable . But try explaining all of this not-particularly funny adult history , humor and clutter to a child .
Apart from the puns and regurgitation jokes , the story of a group of carrier pigeons on a death-defying mission in 1944 Europe will fly over the heads of actual youngsters .
Stick to the genuinely delightful Chicken Run -- this one 's for the birds .
Valiant is a movie that is trying to be an homage but winds up a pale imitation .
It 's no Shrek , but what Valiant lacks in looks , it makes up for with its perky winged heroes and high-flying concept .
Valiant is amiable enough , but there 's little in the humor or story that could be considered fresh .
Take all the movie money you 've just saved and buy the kiddies a good book .
Even young viewers will recognize Valiant as second-tier Disney .
Well-intentioned but woefully bland and forgettable , this oddball concoction might appeal to pre-teen military buffs , if there are any out there .
It 's tempting then to call this U.S.-British-produced endeavor an odd duck . Except that Valiant uses nearly every pun in the book .
The thought of this motley crew in the recording studio , laying down vocal tracks and cracking each other up , is far more entertaining than anything in the film .
Ever noticed how many pigeons look like John Cleese ? Me neither .
Very short and very slight , Valiant still carries a dainty , retro charm amid heavy technology . A fine effort with a sweet message kids will be happy to hear only once .
Aside from some fun voice casting ... , the movie is a stodgy and slow affair .
Harmless but generally uninspired .
One complaint I have with Valiant is the lack of humor - there is some but not enough for a kids ' animation
Animated pigeons ? British wartime humor ? Disney ? The mixture is ripe for something amiable , if unremarkable . Sadly , the production forgot the amiable part .
` Fall in , featherbrains ! ' It 's a funny , high-flying , family-friendly flick .
The depth of vocal talent squandered in ` Valiant ' is staggering .
Valiant does the job of providing some suitable entertainment for youngsters but not much more .
Strictly for the birds .
The movie dashes through its obstacle course plot run with all the refinement of a straight-to-video Rescuers Down Under spin-off .
Adults will be bored and irritated by this thin film .
So $ 40M will buy you a film good enough for cable ... well , that 's depressing .
It 's a movie that will be good enough , but not memorable or worth seeing again -LRB- like a date with me -RRB- .
No matter how hard the CGI animators try , the idea of Ricky Gervais as a bird is not as funny as the idea of Ricky Gervais as a human being .
Valiant is sadly boring , and while its rote mechanics may function nominally on children , it 's going to be a long 76 minutes for the adults .
Lightweight and easily forgotten about once it 's over . While it last , though , it is congenial and pleasingly innocuous .
Too inoffensive to engender the hostility once reserved for Howard the Duck .
An unconscionably dreary and amateurish-looking thing , and the rote plot and annoyingly predictable script -- a compendium of bird puns , mostly -- do n't work nearly hard enough to make up for the hammy awfulness of the images .
The presence of A-list British vocal talent ... work wonders to make the film seem better than it really is .
-LSB- E -RSB- xactly as cozily silly and as charmingly touching as you 'd expect from a nation that gives medals of valor to birds .
Too dependent on a knowledge of RAF-inspired cinematic derring-do like ' 633 Squadron ' -LRB- or at least Hogan 's Heroes -RRB- for the average tyke , yet too tepid for their taller counterparts , Valiant is ultimately one strange bird .
Valiant is n't up to the computer-animation standards of Pixar -LRB- Finding Nemo -RRB- or even Dreamworks -LRB- Madagascar -RRB- .
Poorly plotted , suspense-free film .
The animated feature Valiant , a story about the carrier pigeons that ferried messages from France to England during World War II , takes wing but never quite manages to soar .
Valiant may not fly in the stratosphere of Pixar or the best of DreamWorks , but giving these plucky birds their due is not a bad way to wind up the summer .
Unlike the terrific claymation film Chicken Run -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , here the jokes largely lay eggs .
A mix of top-notch voice talents , standard computer animation and several missed story opportunities .
What Valiant does most is give pigeons a break from the nasty ` flying rat ' reputation . Aside from that , it 's does n't ruffle any feathers .
the animated tale of misfit recruits accomplishing a heroic mission lacks an integral component - humor .
Like its title character , this little animated film has heart and charm . What it will have trouble finding is an audience to appreciate it .
The script is typical family-flick underachievement , with feeble puns and other stabs at birdie personification .
Valiant seems built merely to distract and divert for a brisk hour-and-small-change .
-LSB- The vocal talents -RSB- and some meticulous period details make up for the film 's unsurprising plot and occasional tepid stretches .
It 's not at all clear which audience director Gary Chapman has his eye on .
A lame-duck movie about pigeons .
A nice half hour documentary on the Discovery Channel would have sufficed quite nicely and been much more entertaining .
People who liked the Shrek flicks may actually try to prove their sophistication amongst themselves by rejecting this pale imitation of an embarrassing cultural artifact .
The slapdash construction and narrative inconsistencies , however , are n't nearly as damaging to this aerial adventure as the general mediocrity of its animation .
A cornucopia of British character actors enliven this flashback to the war movies of yesteryear .
Doomed by its script to a sort of tedious mediocrity , this pigeon 's as dead as a dodo .
This movie 's aesthetics seem governed by its bottom line : The CG is on the rubbery side , and the backdrops are jarringly 2-D . But Valiant is n't so hard to look at -- it 's hard to listen to .
modern kids wo n't get any of the World War II references , and to be honest , the rest of the adventure is mediocre at best .
Will engage your little ones minimally while in the theaters but will leave them without any desire to get the DVD later in order to see it again .
As education by anthropomorphism goes , Maus this ai n't .
... Serves its purpose as end-of-the-summer entertainment for the young ones ... it will likely be viewed once and forgotten in favor of other films with better repeat value .
not a laugh riot , but it is an amusing and sweet diversion with a dash of dry wit and the courage of its convictions
A plucky little bird that just wo n't fly .
Of all the animals to be immortalised by cartoons , there are few less fluffy and endearing than the pigeon .
The soundtrack is good too - it only has a few songs but it uses them in interesting ways and also features the sight of an all-pigeon Mis-teeq performing Shoo-Shoo Baby at the end .
Valiant is the plucky little outsider with a lot of heart
A disarmingly enjoyable movie with a lively cast of characters and an action-packed plot based -LRB- very roughly ! -RRB- on real-life events







@highlight

Valiant has a good collection of voice talents , but the story is strictly by-the-numbers .