Like its predecessor , Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island is a race against time to survive , but the inclusion of new characters adds a little more interest .
For a family , this is an agreeable Saturday outing , largely because director Brad Peyton does n't set his sight higher than the material actually is .
`` Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island '' is light , airy family entertainment that actually ends up being too light and airy .
It 's a harmless , lighthearted film with wooden acting , a nice message about accepting your parents-whoever they are-and again , lots of ridiculous CGI .
The only defense for this movie is to say that it 's not actually ` trying ' to be good ... Are we supposed to applaud just because they set the bar low and barely reached it ?
It definitely has its appeal to the crowd it 's pandering toward , and it 's a success in its mission to bring the awe and thrills .
The whole movie has such an air of giddy adventure that I had a good time with it . Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island is charming , in spite of its imperfections .
Visually rich with lavish sets and fun movie monsters , but Journey 2 is about as underdeveloped and hollow as assembly-line filmmaking can get .
... a family adventure aimed squarely at children . For kids , it 's fine ; they 'll probably enjoy all the color , action , and preposterous goings-on .
Panders to the kiddies , caters to the teens , and tosses in a loser-ethnic-sidekick . The shrugging tone of this 21st-century sabotage of the original novel is summed up by this slogan masquerading as dialogue : ` It 's Jules Verne , man-ya got ta believe . '
Falls far short of cinematic art but goes down pretty well with a box of popcorn and modest expectations .
Amusingly childish ...
Feeding this to a young mind should count as a chargable offense .
It 's all a bit silly . But Journey 2 does have the uncomplicated charm of those ancient mid-budget epics in which Doug McClure narrowly avoided being eaten by Pterodactyls .
Utterly disposable and -- apart from Dwayne Johnson 's ` pec pop of love ' -- almost immediately forgettable .
Silly , colorful , harmless and fun .
The visual effects are as artificial as the genially preposterous story , but the movie is all in fun , and painless for grownups .
It lost me at the bees . ` Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island ' is kinda/sorta based on the writings of Jules Verne , in a similar vein as its predecessor , ` Journey to the Center of the Earth . '
Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island is as clumsy and clunky as its title .
With only occasionally awesome CGI , it 's destined to thrive when it comes out on DVD .
... everybody seems to be having fun ...
It 's only mediocre , and there are many reasons why it could have been far worse than that .
Surely the silliest outing for Caine since he swatted rampaging killer bees in the 1978 disaster flick `` The Swarm . ''
A good cast and an enjoyable adventure equals solid family viewing .
A lack of inspiration permeates every foot of Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island 's frame .
There 's very little Verne left in this adaptation , and the nebulous way they connect him to Jonathan Swift and Robert Louis Stevenson is tenuous to say the least .
` I used to serve in the Navy , ' Rock explained , by which he meant the Village People song of the same name .
A big ol' shrug of the shoulders , that 's what it gets from me .
Family values trump suspense , fun , and , of course , mystery .
Reminded me of the old Saturday morning live-action television shows of my youth , like The Land of the Lost and Danger Island .
Everything is juvenile -LRB- deliberately -RRB- and predictable -LRB- undeliberately -RRB- .
The island is disintegrating . You know no one is in any real danger . The only possible harm coming from this one is the potential of it turning your brain to mush .
Any sign of cutting-edge 3D effects are gone in this sequel . Now we just have Dwayne Johnson pec popping , and squabbling with Michael Caine in this forgettable adventure .
Younger children may find some of the action a bit scary , but the filmmakers have tried to keep this element under control-brief and just intense enough to get a rise out of their audience but never gory .
As a would-be adaptation of the novel , it 's pure nonsense .
I would love to support a `` dumbed down '' version of classic fiction that might get young viewers doing something that seems increasingly uncommon - cracking a book . But does it have to be this far down ? And this dumb ?
Colorful , undemanding , PG-rated boys ' - and-girls ' adventure .
The in-your-face 3-D effects -- debris flying , etc. - are fun at times , but not enough to justify the darkened screen or warrant wearing those glasses and paying extra .
Offers giant rocks clearly made of Styrofoam and Dwayne Johnson , who fits the same description .
I swear some of the giant , Day-Glo vegetation had `` Property of ` Lost in Space ' '' stamped on it .
Concepts appear and are abandoned with ruthless efficiency ; threats rise and are dispatched with the glum drudgery of a janitor cleaning up puke in the toilet .
Burdened with a leaden script built only with cliché , the sequel manages to pack a harder punch of adventure than its predecessor , making better use of its 3D environments
At its heart , ` Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island ' aims for fun , old-fashioned thrills and delivers for the most part . It 's a fun ride . -LRB- Parental Review also available -RRB-
The many shortcomings of ` Journey 2 , ' including its lack of chutzpah and sense of fun , are all secondary after its lack of anything truly spectacular , or even just exciting to look at .
The equivalent of those pre-made sandwiches you buy at Starbucks -- not bad for you , and not entirely lacking in flavor , but nothing particularly memorable , either .
Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island is an anything-goes funhouse disguised as an adventure movie . That 's not a bad thing at all .
The equivalent of throwing `` Jurassic Park , '' `` Avatar '' and the absolute worst episode ever of `` Land of the Lost '' in a blender and pushing `` garble . ''
Grown-ups and reviewers are n't supposed to like movies that are almost entirely CG and PG-rated eye candy , but screw it . The inner child wins out on this one .
The Mysterious Island is everything a 12-year-old boy could want - endless adventure involving a reckless adolescent hero , with a pretty girl in a clinging T-shirt around to watch him struggle .
Unfortunately , there 's as yet no way to computer-generate character development or sharp writing .
You know we 're in serious trouble when even old pros such as Michael Caine and Luis Guzman ca n't do anything with the uninspired and unfunny script .
Sincerely tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and Robert Louis Stevenson but is too contaminated by today 's tame sensibilities to make it fly .
A wretched shipwreck of a film that will appeal only to young minds of the most limited discernment and imagination .
Hey , it moves right along . It rockets on a certain goofy bliss . Never mind the filmmakers have clearly never read the original Verne/Stevenson/Swift books beyond cover blurbs
A mild improvement over the already out-dated original , even as it still does n't quite warrant a recommendation .
Michael Caine has at long last managed to appear in a movie with the word `` island '' in the title that is even worse than `` The Island . ''
A well-paced and highly entertaining family film made with good humor , panache , and imagination .
... a delightful entertainment for children and adults alike with the best 3D I 've seen since the first of the series in 2008 .
Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island is a definitely a fun time to be had for parents with young kids
Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island makes a nice case to your kids that reading books is a good idea .
Do n't expect anything resembling believability , but enjoy the blend of strikingly colorful visuals and banter between odd couple Johnson and Caine , which combine for a mild escapist treat .
A brainless 3-D sequel to 2008 's brainless 3-D `` Journey to the Center of the Earth . ''
The sequel to 2008 's `` Journey to the Center of the Earth '' is n't a movie so much as an amusement-park ride without the park . Or much grown-up amusement .
The usual escape-before-the-big-blast stuff ensues , augmented by some fairly tedious family dynamics .
Perhaps adequate as a surrogate babysitter for parents of pre-teen boys who need a ninety-minute rest from the kids ' constant badgering , but is otherwise less engaging than its predecessor .
The island locale rings with reggae music regardless of its proximity to Jamaica , and any action sequence is rendered in painfully deliberate slo-mo .
Although lacking in the previous version 's creaky charm , the new ` Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island ' is an agreeable , family-friendly adventure that benefits from an appealing cast .
Even kids will be shaking their heads during Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island , an amiable if daffy updating of a Jules Verne novel .
Blithely idiotic ...
Even by the unambitious standards of some children 's movies and many movies that star Caine , this one has a difficult time making a case for itself as anything other than an adventure in baby-sitting .
A swift , somewhat bland adventure aimed at young moviegoers .
simplistic and straightforward
Harkens back to so-bad-they 're - fun '70s children 's epics like `` At the Earth 's Core '' and `` The Land That Time Forgot . ''
Your neighboring 8-year-old will giggle-and is n't that what it 's all for ?
If you 're around nine years old you 're going to think this is very cool . Teenagers and adults should look elsewhere .
The result is a goofy-weird mishmash of some pretty swell CGI creatures and some downright lousy screenwriting .
... the best that moviegoers who do n't much enjoy genial sci-fi/fantasy silliness can expect is a relatively inoffensive time ...
A franchise somehow gets more mediocre without Brendan Fraser .
Johnson 's disarming commitment to the doodle of a character he 's playing is n't enough to inject life into the rest of the film , which is an anemic retread of beats and elements from its predecessor ...
Anyone old enough to have read Jules Verne or seen the way his work was successfully adapted in the past will suffer worse than the kids in the audience who just came to laugh .
It 's only disguised as fun .
It is n't a `` good '' movie in the usual sense -LRB- or most senses -RRB- , but it is jolly and good-natured , and Michael Caine and Dwayne Johnson are among the most likable of actors .
Please tell me I did n't really see what I think I just saw : Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson sitting on a log , playing ukulele and singing `` What a Wonderful World '' to Michael Caine .
The 3-D setpieces are the film 's sole raison d'être , but Mysterious Island doles them out stingily , and its exotic setting registers as a poor man 's Pandora .
... if you ca n't even just sit back and enjoy the spectacle , then what point is there to a film like this ?
The movie flies by pleasantly , and is then instantly forgettable . Perhaps Jules Verne can explain the science of that .
A kid-friendly special effects romp that will either give you a few chuckles or bore you senseless .
Giant jungle creatures lunge and hiss into the screen , projectiles appear to whiz past your face , and the whiff of vintage cheesiness reeks from easy gotcha ! moments .
Rarely has a big-studio feature integrated real-world figures into artificial landscapes with this little grace .
Johnson ca n't save the movie , directed by Brad Peyton , from being a sloppy skip from one seemingly unrelated idea to the next .
The presence of actors as good as Caine and Guzman only highlights how dreadful and dumb the banter is .
Great news , family film lovers - The Rock is back with his best movie yet .
A dose of romance and adventure from the regions of good intentions for the sake of airy entertainment .
Screenwriters Brian and Mark Gunn still have trouble scripting action sequences or dialogue that rises above `` Let 's do this '' level .
The story is a bit outlandish and the dialogue is far from smart , but the young ones will be entertained and it wo n't be too painful for the adults thanks to Johnson 's likability factor .
Thrills , laughs , excitement - these are the kind of treasure that this film by Brad Peyton fail to locate .
-LSB- C -RSB- rams three times the hoo-hah -LSB- of the first film -RSB- into a 3D CGI theme-park ride , yet reduces itself to one-third the fun ...
The best 3-D adventure since Avatar !
It resembles King Kong written by Enid Blyton for undemanding children ...
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- ... a passable PG-rated family adventure movie .
It is easy to admire this film 's goofy charm , its odd lack of desperation to seek your approval , to simply sling as much lunacy at the screen as possible and hope that some of it sticks .
The scariest thing around is n't any one of the island 's predatory beasts but the sight of The Rock tutoring Hutcherson in the art of wooing by bouncing berries off his prodigious chest : ` the pec pop of love ' . Ugh !
This follow-up to Journey to the Centre of the Earth is strictly for kids .
Enough already with these uninspiring jaunts - especially if no effort is going to be made to stimulate our curiosity and imagination in a way that would truly honour Verne 's enchanting writings .
Enjoyable enough as eye-poking spectacle .
It 's probably best recommended to those who need to see Michael Caine mounting a giant bee .
Go on this 3D journey with low expectations and you wo n't be disappointed .
This turns out to be an excuse for outlandish special effects , including Michael Caine -LRB- right -RRB- riding bareback on an oversized bee .
The far-fetched fantasy is often ridiculous - wait until you see Caine riding a giant bee - but is fun , and kids will love it .
In this pleasant slice of family fare , teen Josh Hutcherson and stepfather Dwayne Johnson trace the actual location of author Jules Verne 's supposedly fictional island .
Thoroughly daft and entertaining .
-LSB- the film -RSB- runs its course quickly without ever leaving a moment to reflect on how ridiculous it is .
Most of the talent look embarrassed to be on screen
Journey 2 may not offer any exciting new premise to the genre ... but its appealing cast has a great chemistry and an infectious team spirit ...
It 's an enjoyably ridiculous romp with far-fetched action for the kids and a few deranged gags for the grown-ups .
It 's a harmless family film with an old-fashioned spirit of adventure , but the writing does n't live up to the promise of the premise .
An exuberant race-against-time adventure in an exotic world of outsize bugs and reptiles , gamely performed by a likable cast , especially Johnson and Caine who spar amusingly .
Ultimately , it 's a good-old fashioned action romp - there 's no mystery about it .
It 's a lot more entertaining than you 'd expect , but do n't go in expecting anything revolutionary .
It 's the hamburger meat of American family adventure films .
Massively throwaway , but funnier and more likable than the first entry . Mainly that 's due to an A-list pairing that 's as inspired as it is demented .
3D adventure and slapstick comedy ensues . The fun remains marooned .
It 's difficult to side with anyone or care much - one character dislocates his ankle and you 'll merely shrug and say ` meh ' .
Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island offers much visual spectacle yet falls flat in every other way , making this a lost adventure movie not worth seeking at the multiplexes .
A fun though rarely funny family adventure whose lively special effects compensate somewhat for actors who largely sleepwalk through their roles .
As the band of adventurers skips from one supersized Survivor-like challenge to the next , one ca n't help feeling the creative potential of Verne 's vision is wasted .
Pleasant enough but lacking the grounding -LRB- even with Caine in tow -RRB- that would give the film some badly needed edge , the entire adventure is based on perfunctory elements that seem shallow and artificial . But then this is an escapist movie
A likeable film that speeds along with a happy rush and is filled with grandiose , imaginative ideas not only those plucked from its well credentialed source materials that are woven into the storyline


@highlight

Aggressively unambitious , Journey 2 might thrill tween viewers , but most others will find it too intense for young audiences and too cartoonishly dull for adults .