... Alex Cross is certainly the weakest of the series , which reportedly will continue with Perry in the next film . God help us all . We can only hope for the best with that one .
-LSB- A -RSB- fast-action crime thriller that will keep you glued to your seat till the very end .
Perry 's got surprising talent , and it would have been nice to see him better utilized by a director with a more discerning eye for actor-interaction .
Clobbers you with stupidity so often that you eventually stop noticing .
The usual over-familiar mélange of forensic evidence and titillating torture porn that reminds me why I do n't watch network television procedurals .
At least this confirms my long-held suspicion that Tyler Perry is drawn to bad scripts whether he wrote them or not .
The cliched plot and terrible dialogue make this so-called `` thriller '' nearly unbearable .
Where to start with all the things wrong with this film ?
Never quite rises above a run-of-the-mill , cop-chases-killer-thriller flick , or much expands beyond would happen if an hour-long TV drama was given an extra half-hour to stretch .
Suffering from delusions of franchise , this is more Scooby-Doo than Silence of the Lambs , and bears all the hallmarks of a cult bad film in the making .
Cohen slices and dices the finale so much you can not fathom it .
If you crave a genial crime thriller about a forensic psychologist then go and buy a boxset of Cracker . Alex Cross is simply an inexcusable misfire .
A lot of rather unpleasant things unfold , delivered with a consummate laziness that it 's terribly hard to engage with .
-LSB- Perry -RSB- has rarely been less convincing than when locking and loading from his home arsenal or dangling from a decaying Detroit edifice .
The only appeal here is the sick kick of watching a franchise blow itself to bloody stumps .
It does n't take a detective to determine it 's not the fault of Tyler Perry that ` Alex Cross ' is subpar .
The film is crammed with inevitable -LRB- and admittedly enjoyable -RRB- cop-vs-psycho cliches , yet the proficient , pacy direction by veteran action specialist Rob Cohen keeps the fights , carplay and chases moving at a nifty , time-killing clip .
Alex Cross was n't conceived as spoof , but such poorly written and executed dross is laughable .
The screenplay and direction deliver several scenes that are unintentionally funny , being either too leaden or too ridiculous
Unsure whether it aspires to be a police procedural , an action thriller , a revenge drama or a buddy movie , Alex Cross is a mess of a film , devoid of tension
Alex Cross is clumsily directed , poorly acted , and shoddily scripted to the point that with the right crowd you may find yourself laughing at the all the things wrong with it .
So many other things are wrong with the wretched ` Alex Cross ' that Perry 's somnambulistic performance does n't even crack the top five .
It 's an embarrassment for all involved .
Late-night TV fodder for insomniacs , perhaps , nothing more .
Alex Cross is a total trainwreck . You 'd think it would be hard to mess up something as simple as a cop vs. killer story this badly , but Cohen and his crew seem to screw it up at every turn .
The style is n't matched by the substance in a film that strains unsuccessfully to be taken seriously .
Yes , outside of a dress , Tyler Perry is a powerful screen presence .
Are we sure this is n't a TV pilot that accidentally ended up on the big screen ?
With each anguished look , each dramatic pause , Perry gives the impression that he has an invisible third hand patting himself on the back for courageously straying from Madea .
Tyler Perry is better at cross dressing than at playing Alex Cross .
Alex Cross is coarse , punishing , and , in all the ways that matter , conscienceless ...
So cloddish , slapdash , gracelessly written , and visually fugly that it 's difficult to distinguish Perry 's limitations in the role from those of the whole unpleasant enterprise .
Floundering attempt by Tyler Perry to fill Morgan Freeman 's trench coat
Revenge becomes the dish served cold . In this case , non-entertaining cold .
Standard procedural that is worth seeing for Matthew Fox 's amazing transformation .
Its casual cruelty serves to render it slightly repellent ... The performances are solid , with Fox the notable exception -- his camp performance suggests too many screenings of Mommie Dearest prior to filming .
If you 've seen any number of Tyler Perry 's Madea movies , you probably do n't think he could sink lower in his career . But he manages to do just that in Alex Cross .
Alex Cross fits in lock-and-step with the other entries on director Rob Cohen 's resume : thin , B-movie genre entertainment .
Matthew Fox is sick , deranged , and absolutely outstanding . Think of Alex Cross like popcorn entertainment with extra butter that you did n't ask for , but you 'll appreciate in the meantime .
A strong candidate for dumbest film of the year ...
There is one bit of casting that pushes Alex Cross into watchable territory , and that 's Matthew Fox in full-out-insane mode as the serial killer nicknamed Picasso .
Tyler Perry , who made his considerable fortune in drag as Madea , was wise to embrace a film that pulled no punches and shows he can be a bad ass on screen .
Slick , fast-paced and mindlessly entertaining despite many contrived and awkward moments . It takes a while to get used to Tyler Perry in a non-Madea role .
Tyler Perry 's bid to reinvent himself like Bruce Willis or Matt Damon in Alex Cross is ultimately a failure , but if it 's any consolation to him , he 's hardly the only reason this film is not worth your time .
For a franchise with an off-the-charts nuanced thinker as its protagonist , Alex Cross is n't very smart .
A stomach-churning mix of sadism and sentimentality .
What 's really a kick to the nether-region is that the story is so bad that you never really get a chance to admire or dislike any of the acting .
Perry is n't a spitter , so his attempts to bring the rage come off as forced and unintentionally comical . And Perry , tall and doughy , is n't convincing in the fight scenes or other physical moments .
Perry underwhelms in formulaic , violent action thriller .
Detroit cop battles serial killer in a listless adaptation of a James Patterson novel .
With ` Alex Cross , ' the script is filled with such a lack of suspense , that this cat-and-mouse film feels cliché and laughable . The team behind the camera did n't do Perry , in a non-Madea lead role , any justice .
Tyler Perry trades Madea drag for the shoulder holster and scowl of a genius police detective , but the movie could n't be any sillier if Alex Cross pursued the story 's sadistic killer in a gray wig and granny panties .
You should definitely cross this ` Alex Cross ' off your must-see list . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Silly plotting , murky action sequences , indifferent acting -- and a lot of violence against women . Not even the locally shot scenes are reason enough to see it .
If the Alex Cross books are known for being poorly written with bland characters , little emotion and plots that never amount to anything than this movie is one of the best adaptations I have ever seen .
All wrong in just about every way .
Perry 's supposed to be its center . And as an actor - certainly as a movie star - he 's absolutely nowhere to be found .
You may be expecting just a standard mystery/thriller . You 'll get a mess that 's so poorly constructed that if it were a pilot for a cop show , no network would pick it up .
I just hope that they give Perry his granny wig back for any sequels . Because CSI : Madea seems far more appealing than another film like the slack Alex Cross .
A leading contender for the year 's funniest movie . Wait ... what do you mean it 's supposed to be a thriller ?
Tyler Perry finds it easier to step out of Madea 's dress than into Morgan Freeman 's shoes in the thriller Alex Cross , a trite attempt at franchise building .
Imagine Bob Uecker pinch-hitting for Stan Musial , and you get an idea what it 's like to see hyphenate Tyler Perry step into Morgan Freeman 's shoes .
Most of the acting is lifeless , except for Matthew Fox who is hamming it up more than fat guy at a bacon festival
Stripped down to his undershirt or brandishing an assault rifle , Perry looks both incongruous and ridiculous - an icon out of water .
It feels almost cruel to laugh at such a blindly stumbling , dunderheaded action-thriller , but you wo n't be able to help it .
There 's still a marketplace for a smart , well-crafted cat-and-mouse thriller . But `` Alex Cross '' is n't it .
Cohen squanders a surprisingly recognizable cast on a half-baked plot adapted from James Patterson 's series of novels .
The first thing you 'll want to know about `` Alex Cross '' is : Can Tyler Perry carry it off ? The answer is : Sort of , but not really .
Perry fails to breathe new life into the character , even as co-star Matthew Fox 's scenery chewing eviscerates whatever traces of a script existed for this ham-fisted and mindless thriller .
Could very well be the funniest film of the year .
While Tyler Perry slips into Madea 's wigs and plus-size dresses just fine , his attempt to squeeze into the guise of psychologist/detective Cross strains at the seams as well as the credibility .
Between Cohen 's dizzying editing style , the ear-assaulting soundtrack and a leaky script , there 's plenty of suspects that ruin this case .
A blundering mess .
The entire film is a walking , talking checklist of '90s serial killer movie clichés .
A warmed-over relic from the 90 's incompetently directed by Rob Cohen , Alex Cross is a mess from top to bottom .
For a relatively simple story , Alex Cross makes a multitude of bad decisions .
`` Alex Cross '' is a good example of what a seriously talented director can do with a heaping pile of garbage .
Alex Cross is a misfire , but it 's sometimes an entertaining one - enough to make you curious about who else Perry could go up against in another installment , and just how much overacting would take place .
The opening scene of `` Alex Cross '' serves notice of what 's to come by taking us down into a Detroit sewer .
A grim , dispiritingly stupid waste of time , energy , money and talent ...
The problem is that `` Alex Cross '' is just not a great movie , and its breakneck-paced , sometimes logic-optional story does n't allow Perry to realistically develop his character 's transformation from cerebral detective to action hero .
A shockingly incompetent major studio release that strands Perry in a poorly written and poorly executed police procedural .
The 6 ' 5 ″ Perry 's most believable moment is when his character has to reach something from a high shelf . That feels real .
An ugly , imbecilic buddy-cop action picture that makes little sense and offers few thrills .
-LSB- Cross -RSB- has a really bad temper , really big guns and really bad dialogue . He will use all of them excessively if pushed .
As goofy as it is gruesome .
A movie that is almost as insane as its villain .
From its cliché opening -- an irrelevant gun battle and chase -- to its derivative climax , this is a film with decades of dust on it .
If I had n't had to stay awake , I would have slept though the whole thing . At home .
Given $ 45 million , it seems likely that the famously inept director of `` The Room , '' Tommy Wiseau , would make something like `` Alex Cross . '' Or maybe even something better .
Like Perry , Fox overplays his character to the point of parody , but at least he looks as though he 's having some fun carving up people . Perry just looks apoplectic .
Perry is a likable presence , but the movie around him is such a mess that he never gets to prove his potential .
When it 's not being completely idiotic , it 's frightfully tasteless , with both Perry and Cohen making sure the entertainment factor is thoroughly sucked out of this ludicrous thriller .
As an attempt to establish another franchise , `` Alex Cross '' is modestly successful , but the series will need directors with more finesse than Cohen .
Matthew Fox is terrifying and awesome while Perry proves he can not act , especially in emotional close-ups . I did like the phantasmagoric story
Ever a pro , Cohen orchestrates a couple of energetic set pieces , but the whole thing feels doomed from the start .
There 's just enough genuine emotion to connect us with the characters , whether we watch Perry as the quietly dogged Cross or Edward Burns as his lifelong friend and investigative partner .
Cohen 's resume argues that he 's a better action director than this ; the laziness is inexcusable . The denouement is easily decoded and suitably cheesy .
Clichéd , improbable , and frequently risible .
The movie is ugly in spirit and looks . All Alex Cross spiked was my appreciation for Morgan Freeman , the original cinematic Alex Cross .
You can get better mysteries any night on TV , but the performers are worth checking out .
Formulaic serial-killer crapola ...
Perry is no more out of his depth here than anyone else in the cast .
A thriller that can not be taken seriously . Incompetent on every level .
Perry 's actually not bad , but everything else sure is .
Somebody got it wrong . A lot of people got it wrong . And the result is one of the most ridiculous , laughable ...
Picture Alan Alda in the title role of `` Dirty Harry , '' and you have a good idea why Tyler Perry playing a hard-edged cop in `` Alex Cross '' does n't work .
When you make Tyler Perry run and point a gun , you remember why nobody 's ever used him as an action figure before .
`` Alex Cross '' is a grim yet silly piece of work , even as serial-killer thrillers go .
The closer Cohen rams the camera to his pummeling actors , the more you do n't know what 's actually transpiring .
It 's downright painful to watch Perry struggle to take over James Patterson 's forensic-psychologist hero Alex Cross ...
The direction by Rob Cohen is so careless that the film 's climax is set up by a car crash that , if I am not mistaken , is completely coincidental .
The relentless ugliness of the story is n't thrilling or involving , and its vague undercurrent of misogyny makes it even more off-putting .
Thanks to a game cast , taut action scenes and a surprising dose of raw emotion , Alex Cross finally gets the movie that he deserves .
Madea this ai n't .
If you 've seen Tyler Perry 's Good Deeds or Tyler Perry 's Why Did I Get Married Too , you know that a non-Madea Perry barely registers on the screen .
Tyler Perry should not give up his day job . At least not until he chooses better dramatic vehicles for branching out .
Casting Perry as Cross was a bad idea , though it 's not necessarily the worst in a movie built on bad ideas .
Alex Cross comes to theaters with the distinct timbre of a merger rather than a singular entertainment .
Slipping out of his comfort zones for a bit as both Madea and director of his own movies , Tyler Perry tries on a new persona for size in Alex Cross as , well , Morgan Freeman . Sort of .
You almost feel sorry for Tyler Perry , stepping out of his own universe for the first time to try to expand his range and finding himself in something as thoroughly dismal as Alex Cross .
The director acquits himself on the action front , but makes the simple procedural elements feel wooden and melodramatic , particularly in sappy home-life scenes .
While Tyler Perry no doubt envisions `` Alex Cross '' as his opportunity to branch out , the actors around him rightly regard this pedestrian effort as just another gig .


@highlight

Tyler Perry and Matthew Fox do their best , but they 're trampled by Rob Cohen 's frustrating direction and a tasteless , lazily written screenplay .