Horns is best watched as a midnight movie , with your intoxicant of choice , and possibly as part of a marathon .
Horns simply feels like a misfire that could have been an awesome mash-up of black comedy , sleuthing , and fantastical romantic drama , all with provocative commentary on religion and the never-ending discussion of good vs evil
It 's not that there 's no value to Horns , it 's just that what value there is , is severely handicapped by a dumb script .
No one 's going to pretend that Horns lives up to its source material , or even achieves any tonal consistency .
Ultimately , its best results are too few and far between - to which excuses for its tone and intent can only go so far .
At nearly two hours , `` Horns '' is about 30 minutes longer than it needs to be . But it 's doubtful even a shorter version would cure what ails this film . Maybe you have to be tripped out on LSD to appreciate it .
Draws out a heretofore unseen compassion in Aja , who dials the grue way down and focuses on the terrific cast he 's hired .
There are times when you will want to look away from the horrors shown on the screen but it will be hard to wipe the smile off your face .
Horns appears to be of the persuasion that everybody is a liar and inherently evil , and it 's a disappointingly one-note approach to a premise that could use a lighter touch .
Daniel Radcliffe gives an absolutely incredible performance that Horns does n't really seem to fully appreciate . But the ludicrous ending derails the film from what was otherwise a gripping mystery thriller .
An uncomfortable hybrid of fantasy , horror and romance genres -LRB- with elements of black comedy and religious allegory generously drizzled in -RRB- ...
You never want to rip into actors . They 're a sensitive bunch . They do a job that brutalises the soul at the best of times ... And yet I really struggle with Daniel Radcliffe .
There is a moment late in the picture where one almost envies the position of the deceased - because at least she has been provided some level of escape .
Harry Potter is transformed into a horny devil -LRB- literally -RRB- in this horror movie with a comedic edge to match its title pair of satanic growths .
Horns is not quite a horror film , not quite a whodunit , not quite a comedy , indeed not quite much of anything , except a stuttering attempt to bring Joe Hill 's source novel to the screen .
It seems to have been made by people who could n't decide if their film was a horror flick , a whodunit , or a Hellboy knockoff .
There 's no plumbing the depths of this shallow version of Hell
For a genre that rarely deviates from the cyclical and the tried and true -LRB- torture porn this time around , '70s throwback terror another -RRB- , Horns is a welcome bit of weirdness .
Only in spurts does the film achieve an outre flavour of pop Gogol .
Although the film is relatively faithful to the plot of the book ... missteps in casting , tone , structure and editing leave Horns a barely functional mess of a film .
Although starting with a titillating concept and intriguing opening scenes , the story then goes downhill , and those silly looking horns do n't help .
Horns is the sort of concept that just did n't translate effectively from page to screen .
Alexandre Aja 's sprawling , wildly uneven film suffers from its continual shifts in storytelling style . It 's at its best as a Twin Peaks-style mystery with supernatural elements .
Radcliffe neither hides from his wizardy roots nor embraces them . This makes the magical things that happen in Horns something unique rather than being derivative .
The weird mix of humor is unsettling , as it plays against another tale that centers too much on violence against women .
... has elements of horror , comedy , mystery and supernatural thriller , but winds up only as a slick and sporadically amusing oddity .
Fills its screen time with playful yet sadistic explorations of subconscious desire , and increasingly intriguing , exciting and horrifying dips into a new mythology .
Horns is a very wacky , oil and water mixture of coarse black comedy and gory supernatural thriller .
Daniel Radcliffe continues to make the case for himself as a charismatic leading man in a fun but uneven horror vehicle .
If it were n't for the sex and violence I would have sworn Horns was made for 13 year olds .
A misbegotten , unpleasant mess .
Radcliffe , through his sheer presence and the piercing honesty of those big , blue eyes , makes this mixed-up material watchable .
In its later stages , Horns plays a little like a pastiche of a 1970s high-concept detective show : Quinn Martin presents Devil Cop !
With his most stylish film yet , horror specialist Alexandre Aja takes a wildly irreverent approach , packing the screen with rude humour , visual flourishes and spiky characters .
Horns juggles a lot of balls , and admirably keeps them in the air for longer than you might expect . But it does n't know how to bring them down gently .
The problem with a movie about a guy who suddenly sprouts big fake horns on his head is that for nearly two hours you have to watch a guy running around with big fake horns on his head .
An effective , low-budget horror movie is lurking at the edges of `` Horns '' but never gets a chance to reveal itself .
The effect is less spine chilling and more eyebrow drooping .
We get slithering snakes , rock music , woozy camera angles . And zero sense of danger . Without that ingredient , Horns feels like Harry Potter meets Ken Russell .
There are a couple of decent movies somewhere inside `` Horns . '' But here 's the real sin - Aja has no idea in hell of what they are .
Campy-fun but pointless ...
`` Horns '' is a good-ideas-gone-wild movie that leaves the best of itself behind .
The movie 's hormone-level anger reeks of brimstone , Axe-body-spray and mid-1990s trenchcoat-mafia egocentricity . Mess with this much bull , you get `` Horns . ''
Does n't always click as tightly as it should , but the ambition of the picture is refreshing , with Aja weaving the wild , violent , darkly comic world of author Joe Hill into an impressively demented feature .
The gimmick ... keeps us at a distance from the real toll on these characters .
The result is that a story with a couple of good ideas founders for lack of a third or fourth good idea .
Anyone could imagine the better , cleaner , more coherent 90-min . film at the core of Horns : the one about the physics of apparent demonic possession .
Horns is too long and too convoluted , and it does n't take nearly as many risks as it might have , but in its off-kilter way it has something to say about humankind and the nature of evil .
`` Horns '' shifts from nifty Gothic thriller to obvious but meaningless allegory .
Radcliffe gives it his all and makes the film worth seeing . But the supernatural story feels scattered .
Somewhere inside this lumberingly long fantasy-horror is a smart little black comedy trying to scuttle out .
A muddled mix of murder mystery , metaphysical horror and dark comedy .
There are so many red herrings and plot twists , such a dense barrage of flashbacks and quick cuts , that you may find yourself as rattled and breathless as Ig himself .
The movie 's anything-goes quality ends up deepening instead of torpedoing the narrative , as can sometimes happen in horror flicks .
Potential with the premise is wasted with a kitchen sink approach that acts as a wet blanket , extinguishing heat from the drama and the fantasy
There 's so much going on that some of its actually interesting ideas get lost in the thicket .
What in the world is Mr. Radcliffe doing to himself in his post-Harry Potter movie career ? Movies are supposed to be entertaining , and directors are supposed to protect their actors , not expose them to derision .
Heedless of purpose , `` Horns '' charges full speed ahead anyway , ramming its high-concept hooey down your throat until the only heat you feel is from indigestion .
Headlined by an unconvincing Daniel Radcliffe with a lame American accent , this sluggish and atonal fantasy saga awkwardly straddles the line between comedy and horror .
Demented , twisted and at times gonzo humorous , `` Horns '' is shamelessly amusing .
Strangely enough , in its thorough devotion to its premise , `` Horns '' winds up taking concepts of good and evil , god and the devil , and salvation and damnation more seriously than many of the so-called faith-based movies that have come out this year .
Radcliffe looks ready to stretch beyond the black comedy into something grave and mysterious . Director Aja shuts him down - cold . Horns has style to burn , but there 's no there there .
As a showcase for the still young actor -- bitter , vulnerable , grieving , and furious -- the film is mesmerizing , but as a middle finger to mass media frenzies : less so .
As the bedeviled Iggy , Radcliffe strives admirably , with mixed results .
However crass and mean-spirited this 2013 fantasy gets , the handling of fairytale conventions is sincere , which gives the film an emotional weight .
A near-miss , a supernatural romance-cum-whodunit that strains under the weight of its warring elements .
The producers were smart to cast Radcliffe , who 's always had the air of a martyr . But Radcliffe was n't smart to tell the producers yes .
Will drive one to distraction with its histrionic acting , multipronged approach to storytelling and infernal attempts at social commentary .
Never lives up to the promise of its contemporary-Grimm-brothers conceit .
Invariably entertaining and -- better still -- it 's a horror movie with more on its mind than making you jump or grossing you out .
Careening between genres and subplots like it 's trying to outrun a second draft , the film is admirably held together by the cohesive power of Aja 's steady hand and Radcliffe 's committed performance ...
Beneath it all is a fairly conventional murder mystery . But the film 's defining gimmick -- those curlicue horns -- help provide just enough newness to keep things moving .
Seems most likely to please intense adolescents .
Horns ' tonal fluctuations undermine its attempted emotional heft .
Hill 's book has its ardent admirers , but the mixture of black comedy , gore and biblical archetypes would be a hellish challenge for anybody to translate to film .
Despite Radcliffe 's best efforts , Aja 's film lacks any real bite .
The pointless kind of weird .
If its moments of Aja-ian archness blended better with the macabre sincerity that presumably comes from the source material , it might have provided a real autumnal chill .
It 's an interesting idea that loses steam as it gains gore . The development of the story is much better than the payoff . It 's fun while it lasts .
The underlying crime at the heart of `` Horns '' ... is too grotesque - and graphic - to work with even the bleakest comedy .
Sadly , Aja is n't content with comedy . He also wants to make a whodunnit , a love story and a touching coming-of-age drama . That is too much for one movie to bear and way too much to ask of the young Radcliffe .
Gauzily romantic flashbacks , ultradark comedy and religious iconography are all jumbled together , without sharpening into focus .
Setting aside a couple of enjoyably fantastical visual moments in the third act , which descends fully into dizzy , nasty horror , Horns is a tonally muddled mess .
... the success of Horns is immeasurable .
It is borderline unwatchable .
Ultimately this teen horror lacks any real hiss or bite .
The best material here is the film 's satire of smalltown American values , of the modern media and of celebrity culture -LRB- the last embodied by Heather Graham 's fame-hungry , narcissistic waitress Veronica -RRB- ...
These Horns just are n't as sharp as they could have been .
Daniel Radcliffe grows a pair .
This patchy supernatural black comedy is Daniel Radcliffe 's latest and least successful shot at putting distance between himself and the boy wizard .
Sweetness and splatter , romance and horror , comedy , fantasy ... Alexandre Aja 's movie boldly mixes flavours , to satisfying effect .
The satiric , religion-over-toned humor , the romance and the serous murder mystery make for an odd , but entertaining , mix of genres .
Daniel Radcliffe anchors a scary , amusing movie .
Horns is best described as a grown-up fairy tale , with all the sex and violence that implies . It 's not Grimm , but it is grim . It 's also an enjoyable and original story , which these days is almost a kind of magical experience in itself .
The black comedy is delicious , though the more violent set pieces are not for the faint of heart .
This satirical tale reminded me of what would happen if TWILIGHT had been crossed with HEATHERS .
Would that Aja approached the material with more Beelzebub-ian fire .
Take out Ig 's horns and snake attacks and special powers , and what is left is an attentive exploration of fate and loss that flirts with profundity .
Horns is right up there with The Cabin in the Woods as among the most engrossing horror flicks ever made in and around Vancouver .
Aja 's version is a blunt , Ghost Rider-esque superhero origin story about a kid and his devil-themed powers , punctuated by moments of weird comedy .
Horns may bounce from fable to black comedy , but that erstwhile boy wizard keeps the focus where it belongs .
While Horns is a mixed bag - tonally , it ca n't quite decide if it 's fable or grit - the flick 's fine .
Aja directs this tragedy as if it 's a flavorless comedy .
If you can suspend your disbelief and embrace the somewhat silly concept , there 's fun to be had watching Daniel Radcliffe dance with the devil .
Feels almost like they took a Nicholas Sparks script and gave it to a schlocky horror director who hated it . None of it works , and it 's pretty much a waste of time on every level .
Fans of horror and of Radcliffe will have some reason to celebrate , and Horns delivers some soaring moments for both . The book 's readers will be less lucky .
Horns sometimes feels like a uncomfortable departure for Alexandre Aja , but Radcliffe 's demonic performance strikes a devilishly indulgent balance between dark comedy and romantic tragedy that saves the day .
... a decent adaptation that benefits from Aja 's slick direction and Radcliffe 's tremendously charismatic performance ...
It 's a shame that Aja 's noncommittal attitude wins out over the tragic dimension of the story , because there could have been something more substantial here .
Benefits from the helmer 's twisted sensibility , but suffers from a case of overall silliness .
Predominantly a failure of tone , `` Horns '' has plenty of admirable traits and yet dooms itself from the outset . It 's an admirable conceit stuffed into far less subtle material .
While this all begins as a kind of supernatural black comedy ... the tone grows darker with each revelation .
Given the surprising sweetness of the story , HORNS could have a lot of appeal beyond horror fans .
Radcliffe has got the chops and determination to ensure a solid career post child stardom , but his performance here and feels like the probing of an actor eager to cast off the iconic role that defined him .
It trades some of the subtleties of novelist Joe Hill 's source material for a Dogma-style mash-up of grim comedy and religious satire .
For the most part , Horns ca n't decide what it wants to be , whether genuine story of innocence lost , crude comedy or gory horror flick .
... a smart distributor could make ` Horns ' into a big win for all involved .

@highlight

Horns is a bit of a tonal jumble , but it offers enough thoughtful horror-comedy -- and strong work from Daniel Radcliffe -- to hook genre enthusiasts .