This absurdist political farce has its moments but requires a deft touch for satire ... perhaps no one could have made the uneven script work .
Sophisticated political satire , ridiculous farce , black humour , spoof , intellectual game playing and comic invention
It 's as if the movie is stuck in a muddy middle , unable to go whole hog with its sending up of toxic Americana and unwilling to be serious about exploring how toxic it really is .
War , Inc. squanders some top-tier talent -LRB- Marisa Tomei , Sir Ben Kingsley -RRB- as well as our patience .
What is supposed to be a sharp parody is so slow , we 're always several steps ahead .
Either too cartoonish , or not cartoonish enough .
This John Cusack-driven exercise in scorched-earth political comedy is neither as dark nor as timely as intended , and certainly not as funny .
Piercingly funny political satire with terrific cast is on view in this future-set story .
If there 's one thing a comedy needs , it 's a good exit strategy .
Despite flashes of comic inspiration and an abundance of anything-goes boldness , this well-intentioned but wobbly satire is a chaotic free-fire zone .
Nice try , but this hallucinatory polemic never jells .
Any hopes you might be holding out for a smart , sophisticated political satire will immediately be squashed at the sight of Dan Aykroyd on the toilet .
Only occasionally hits the target .
While its plot aligns War , Inc. with other , higher-profile action-thrillers , its political critique is more explicit and its ad campaign more oblique .
... there 's plenty of material ripe for savage satire out in the world right now , and while I approve of the targets War , Inc. took aim at , I ca n't say that it ever scored a direct hit .
Cusack as a mercenary in bulltetproof designer suits and Hilary Duff doing a kinky Arab superstar sexpot shoving scorpions down her crotch , ca n't save this satire crossing the line between the chaos of war and the chaos of filmmaking .
A film that confronts the absurdity and violence of modern warfare by taking it to the surreal and goofy next level .
An Iraq satire being released past the point when discussing the occupation has become wearying and parodying it a slow-target yawn .
For critics of the war with an appetite for red meat , War , Inc. will prove filling , if not quite completely nourishing .
Each earnest impulse blunts the edge of an already scattered satire and obscures the logic beneath it . And the laughs are buried in the same pile of disorderly conduct .
A great political satire - a Dr. Strangelove for the YouTube generation
It is as though the cast and scriptwriters are constantly nodding to one another and admiring their own cleverness .
A sprawling folly , this uniquely hellish war film has almost breathtakingly impressive -LRB- and busy -RRB- production values and is anchored by a memorably complicated performance from John Cusack .
Its comedy too often blunders into meaningless slapstick , with bombs and bloodshed replacing pratfalls and pies in the face .
Like the smart weapon technology it mocks , War , Inc. aims at the right targets but misfires so severely that even the clever details get obliterated in the resulting mess .
War , Inc. fires off dozens of lethal dialogue squibs like ` War is the improvement of investments using other means , ' but it does n't connect them into anything that can truly rattle an audience 's complacency .
Like so many satires in the Strangelove mold , this never comes close to working as a story , but its lampoon of U.S. imperialism and military privatization is so bracingly obnoxious I did n't really care .
This is broad satire spun completely out of control , overloaded with obvious gags and cannonades of yuks where quivers of sleeking wit ought to be .
Like the Iraq conflict itself , the exit strategy fails and the whole thing becomes a complete mess . And it was n't that great an idea from the beginning .
A brave and ambitious but chaotic attempt at political satire .
War , Inc. has that provocateur 's edge , and it 's at least awake to the world around us .
And yet , while even the most charitable viewer would be forced to consider `` War Inc. '' to be a somewhat unfocused and undisciplined mess , there are still a lot of good things strewn throughout the wreckage .
The hilarious jokes and one-liners make take two viewings to fully absorb , but the movie also has an almost off-putting cynicism .
Cusack reminds audiences of one of his great films without quite making another one .
It 's a savage , tediously exaggerated `` SNL '' lampoon that misfires .
It 's a lot more dystopian than I thought it would be , at times reminiscent of something as nutty as Brazil .
An overbearing lampoon of American war profiteering -- a comedy so leaden it could make a liberal hate liberal Hollywood .
This non-nihilistic film is a vision of our political complicity and humane potential .
The filmic equivalent of a bleating , hot microphone - all crossed wires and misfunneled energy .
The jokes about evil corporations and wartime profiteers and hitmen fall flat , and the last 20 minutes are loud , and violent and ridiculous and endless .
First-time director Joshua Seftel over-stirs this burlesque brew and flattens out the fizz .
This dog does n't do enough wagging .
It 's a bewildering mix of very smart and very dumb , but the cast is tiptop .
Somehow , what starts as a series of cheap shots in a barrel develops into something more , thanks largely to warm , engaging performances by Cusack and Tomei . War , Inc. is both right-on and somehow off , but it gets points for trying .
War , Inc. , which takes on the shifty world of Bush-policy blowback , has too much happening , which befits a comedy with a lot of targets but ultimately makes the whole operation scattershot .
The overall experience is manic , juvenile , and hit-or-miss , as if the auteurs behind Epic Movie were trying to remake Wag The Dog .
The trouble with this satirical take US involvement in Iraq , penned by Mark Leyner , John Cusack and Jeremy Pikser , is that the real thing is equally absurd and only marginally less funny .
Though it occasionally tries too hard , the fast-paced and sharply written War , Inc. is audacious and entertaining .
Despite the film 's tongue-in-cheek nature , it 's never really funny , throwing a lot of ideas into the mix and creating a convoluted story that 's probably too smart for its own good .
The problem with gonzo moviemaking , in this case , is that nothing really adds up . What initially appears whimsical eventually seems sloppy . And when the bleeding heart kicks in , you feel betrayed .
Those who get it will surely spread the word .
The politics of War , Inc. are not problematic so much as pedestrian . There 's nothing new in embracing the anti-conservative screed to show how off kilter the country really is .
Not dumb and definitely bold , War , Inc. is too shrill and nervous to really hit its political targets effectively . The humor 's dominant tone is curdled , when it needs to be wickedly caustic .
Even less funny than Southland Tales and not nearly as adventurous .
Just embarrassing for everyone involved .
Challenges the corrupt military-industrial complex and privatization with such an embarrassingly generic , dated , fish-in-a-barrel aplomb that it 's no wonder David Mamet denounced his former life as a `` brain-dead liberal . ''
A wildly free-ranging satire -LSB- that -RSB- runs riot through a fistful of genre conventions .
War , Inc. was non-directed by Joshua Seftel , who is to film direction what Marvel Comics is to classical literature . It was filmed in Bulgaria -- and they should never have allowed it out of the country .
Like a campy cross of Dr. Strangelove and Wag the Dog , this celluloid anti-war screed serves up a mesmerizing melange of action , romance , slapstick , intrigue , sentimentality and sensuality while warning of the dire prospects of a corporatized planet .
Any random five minutes from lefty talk-radio hosts Rachel Maddow 's or Randi Rhodes ' shows would provide more entertainment and deeper insight into current events .
A punk-rock Strangelove riff on a mission very much unaccomplished .
Look at War , Inc as a back-flipping , over-the-top political farce , and the results are far more pleasurable . Consider the film an unofficial sequel to the 1997 classic Grosse Pointe Blank , and War , Inc. is absolutely wonderful .
The constant barrage of jokes , in-jokes , snide comments and bizarre plotlines becomes wearying after a while , and eventually the point of the whole enterprise is completely lost .
No matter how dark your sense of humor , the Bush Administration 's joke has become a harsh reality . There 's no spark of humor when you 're staring into an abyss .
The film clearly intends to skewer our country and its `` corrupt '' , `` foolhardy '' , `` hypocritical '' , `` self serving '' policies in Iraq , and maybe many of the lacerations are well earned , but War , Inc. reeks of generic Hollywood liberal grandstanding .
A blackly comic take on the first totally outsourced war ? We 're too close to being in one right now , which makes this John Cusack vehicle too close for comfort . It 's also so close to being funny you can just about taste it -- just about .
The story fairly zings along in War , Inc. as Hauser struggles to complete the mission he does not believe in , woo the reporter who despises him , and watch over the vile teenage singer -LRB- Duff -RRB- he feels an unexplainable fondness for .
So lost within its own ideas of satire and its own ridiculous plot , War , Inc. never really figures out anything to say .
I love John Cusack , but I ca n't imagine what he was thinking as the star , producer and co-writer of the mind-boggling Iraq satire War , Inc. .
This well-intentioned satire is a regrettable misfire .
The John Cusack ` comedy ' -LRB- generic term used loosely -RRB- gives anti-war filmmaking a bad name .
A disastrously heavy-handed satire ...
The ongoing corporatization of war is definitely ripe for satire of Catch-22 calibre . One hopes others will rise to the bait and hit the target dead centre .
It all adds up to a fast pace , lots of shooting , and a movie that , in its heart , is as corrupt as the politics it attempts to satirize .
If Harold & Kumar feels deliberately dumbed down , War , Inc. tries too desperately to show off its intelligence .






@highlight

War , Inc. attempts to satirize the military industrial complex , but more often than not it misses its target .