Punk 'd star in adult jail-house comedy .
Shepard 's character periodically rattles off damning statistics about America 's booming prison industry , but most of the gags are of the do n't - drop-the-soap variety .
As a comedy , Bob Odenkirk 's penitentiary send-up is bootless .
evern less funny than brothers solomon
The short and the sweet of it : Let 's Go to Prison is one of the worst pieces of Hollywood garbage I have ever seen .
... has its share of effective moments - most of which come courtesy of star Will Arnett ...
Though sloppily edited like a bad B-movie , this poor man 's version of Trading Places will undoubtedly resonate for anyone with a taste for gruesome gallows humor , and a desire to see a spoiled , rich kid get a taste of how the other half lives .
89 minutes that drag on like , well , a prison sentence .
its off-kilter wit is displayed with stinginess -LRB- or is it laziness ? -RRB- .
Oh gee , let 's not .
Let 's not . And say we did .
Prison makes its 84-minute running time feel like a five-year sentence with no chance for parole .
It 's hard to get laughs out of stuff that devolved into parody 10 or 20 years ago .
Life 's too short .
Consider this one disarmed and extremely pointless .
If movies could be punished , Let 's Go to Prison would be sent to solitary confinement for impersonating a prison comedy .
As crazy and subversive as Let 's Go to Prison 's makers might believe it to be , it 's too undisciplined and predictable to amount to anything
Arnett underplays to the point where he seems as shellshocked as his character , while Shepard seems to have forgotten that the film is supposed to be a comedy .
Because the movie ca n't bring itself to take that leap into full-on absurdity , the characters and comic opportunities stay confined to their cells .
Let 's Go to Prison feels like an overextended sketch-comedy idea insufficiently filled out by subsidiary characters -LRB- few significantly figure -RRB- or standout setpieces .
The movie 's too dryly detached to even enjoy its own tastelessness : jokes constantly fall with the dull clatter of cutlery on the mess-hall floor , and the relentless abuse meted out to the hapless Biederman backfires by dint of sheer ritual repetition .
Let 's Go to Prison announces its desperation right from the opening credits , thanks to a montage of celebrity mug shots and arrest footage suggesting there are still laughs to be had at James Brown and Martha Stewart 's expense .
This really is n't a comedy . It 's more of a woolly spoof , stretched out to criminal lengths .
Let 's Go to Prison is a sly , very funny comedy that stays admirably deadpan every time you think its about to veer into gross-out territory .
The writers of this movie should be sentenced to a comedy chain gang peeling bananas and making cream pies .
Arnett has seven movies coming out within the next year . It seems safe , or at least optimistic , to assume that this is not going to be his high point . But he does make a consistently amusing Felix to Shepard 's frustrated Oscar .
It is awful , unfunny and moronic . And that applies to the best bits . Most of the movie is even worse .
The main crime in this movie is that the whole thing feels lazy -- it 's as if they filmed the first draft of a script that still needed some trimming and sharpening .
This movie 's 90-minute run time definitely feels like too long of a sentence .
There 's an interestingly ugly social comedy to be made about jail , but Let 's Go to Prison is n't it .
It has laughs , it has some cleverness , and it has a lot of problems . But it 's not ` bad , ' exactly . ` Dysfunctional ' is more like it .
A comedy of tremendous miscalculation that does n't even have the conviction of its own stupidity .
A clueless , pointless , unfunny dud . The kind of movie where one can tell that the actors already know they 're making a piece of crap .
Since this stars Dax Shepard , a more appropriate title for Prison might 've been Relentlessly Awful , Laugh-Free , Cinematic Torture Device .
The elements of dark comedy , prison system satire , and juvenile gross-out gags eventually blend like the slop ladled out for inmates at feeding time .
The sad thing is that Arnett , Shepard and McBride quickly establish a loose , easy camaraderie that 's a real pleasure to watch . The shame is that they 're working with such unrewarding material .
Odenkirk 's visual sense ai n't the greatest , but he definitely knows funny .
I can not stress enough how unfunny Let 's Go to Prison is .
Should have been titled Let 's Go to DVD , where it will clearly move with unbecoming alacrity , and where it will be much more at home . Though , one hopes , not yours .



@highlight

Let 's Go to Prison is guilty on all counts of cliched setups , base humor , and failure to ellicit laughs .