... a go-for-broke goof on classic Chinese warrior dramas and revenge thrillers that packs a lot of action , a crazed cascade of comedy , a parade of characters , and a non-stop barrage of loving jabs at classic martial arts adventures into 99 minutes .
You might think you 're in for some simple happy-slappy , punchy-kicky type fun -- and indeed you are -- but Mr. Chow has more tricks up his sleeve .
Chow is a genius in generating extraordinary drama from the familiar .
Slapstick silliness and martial artistry of the highest calibre .
A smart and very funny action comedy that will really knock your socks off .
The ever-shifting genre of martial arts films takes on yet another variation with writer/director/actor Stephen Chow 's CGI spectacle infused comic Kung Fu adventure .
Gravity takes a backseat to levity .
Keeps the gags flying almost as rapidly as the fists .
A film that is geared simply , straightforwardly and , above all , honestly to providing absolute entertainment .
So disarmingly eager to please that only a stone-faced kung fu purist could object .
The laws of physics no longer apply , if they ever did ; characters leap , run at neck-breaking speed , bash each other through several walls with one blow .
While those who ca n't stand long fight scenes might find it a bit tiresome , everyone else is going to consider this a sweet , light-hearted martial arts treat .
Giant action sequences , funny characters , and , my favourite , a giant hand carved into the earth , whomping the bad guy into submission . So much fun .
A strange , fun flick that loves its source material dearly , Kung Fu Hustle is destined to become a cult classic .
Simultaneously and paradoxically irreverent and loving . A terrific piece of cinematic entertainment
Chow 's movie may seem nutty on the surface , but its slyness , its dreamy unfolding of so many moods and genres , becomes intoxicating .
Kung Fu Hustle flies by on bursts of dizzying slapstick invention . There 's rarely a dull moment , but the wise-guy tone and the non-stop frenzy wear you down .
More like a cartoon populated with human actors .
Invigorating , bombastic , out-there and very funny .
A film where special effects erase physics and the constraints of the human body , there 's absolutely no telling what will come next .
Few directors in world cinema are working so competently and consistently in any mode as Chow is in this one .
Kung Fu Hustle is made with such infectious humour and gee-whiz visuals it 's easy to simply surrender all over again to Chow 's brand of lunacy
`` Hustle '' attempts to bring a different style to the forefront of popular cinema but fails to be more than a shoddy mischaracterization of the Asian culture .
Dono de um senso de humor interessantíssimo , Stephen Chow recorre constantemente ao absurdo para provocar o riso do espectador .
Stephen Chow is a nut -- and I mean it with the utmost affection .
The best time you 'll have at the movies all year .
... it 's so refreshing to see a movie willing to be spontaneous and uninhibited .
A deliriously enjoyable roller-coaster ride of a movie , from which you 're liable to emerge punch-drunk , grinning from ear to ear and demanding to go round again
What a good time . Got all those Lucas cooties out of my system , that 's for sure .
Great fun , even if the genre-bending is a little grating .
An entertaining theatrical outing that is always amusing and visually attractive .
Kung Fu Hustle is essentially one long computer-enhanced Looney Tunes punch-up - - and probably the most fun you 'll have at the movies all year .
Kung Fu Hustle snaps and crackles like nuclear popcorn on a scorching griddle .
It 's an explosion of solid silly fun .
an overload of giddy action and physical comedy
Exudes untroubled mirth .
a maniacally comical blitzkrieg of slapstick humor , movie parody , musical numbers , and chop-socky action
An enjoyable but lightweight kung fu movie .
Imagine a Jackie Chan movie on amphetamines and steroids with an LSD chaser , and you get some idea of what Stephen Chow 's new movie Kung Fu Hustle is like .
The hugely enjoyable Kung Fu Hustle races across the screen in a colorful collage of various styles , from classic kung fu films to silent comedies to Tex Avery and Chuck Jones cartoons .
The fighting scenes are so ridiculous that they ultimately achieve gloriousness ... Kung Fu Hustle sweeps you away with its unrepentant silliness .
Alive with more wit and mischief than any movie to hit theaters so far this year .
What makes Chow unique , perhaps even revolutionary , is that he is the first movie comedian to consistently make hilarious use of digital effects .
Not so much hustle , a lot of kung fu , and a surreal cartoon ride inbetween .
As ... Shawn of the Dead did for zombie pictures , Kung Fu Hustle does for chop sockey : both honor and spoof the genre that spawned it .
A film that is not only very entertaining , but also emotionally satisfying for a broad international audience .
The heir apparent to Jackie Chan , -LSB- Stephen -RSB- Chow creates a world where kung fu comedy fuses with a Roadrunner cartoon and The Matrix ...
For all his cleverness and flights of fantasticated fancy , the director proves himself an unabashedly romantic filmmaker , and there are n't enough of those .
Chow 's aesthetic demands an appreciation of the absurd : The events are often silly even as the ideas and feeling behind them are not .
You do n't take any of this seriously for a minute , but you ca n't take your eyes off the screen .
I can only assume Stephen Chow 's Kung Fu Hustle is the first chop-socky extravaganza to lift entire passages of dialogue from Jean Renoir 's Rules Of The Game .
Part live action cartoon , part love letter to the cinema , Kung Fu Hustle is one of a kind .
Can a movie be hilarious and violent simultaneously ? Well , yes , if it 's `` Kung Fu Hustle . ''
... an exhilarating martial-arts extravaganza that barely allows pause for breath .
Stephen Chow 's pure , pop blast of martial arts action , giddy physical comedy and sheer movie love bursts off the screen .
A lush piece of entertainment ! Wow ! Big action . Big comedy . Big heart . You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll laugh and cry at the same time .
About the only thing missing is a good dose of fart jokes , but then this movie stinks enough without them .
A brilliant kung fu `` nonsense style '' special effects action/comedy film .
Rock crumbles , wood splinters , and cartoon sound effects yelp in Chow 's full-bore looney tune .
Satire , parody , slapstick and just plain comedy combine with some pretty spiffy martial arts moves to make this one of the season 's most entertaining films .
An entertaining cartoon , but if there is anything more to it than that , it gets lost in translation
You 'll either love it or feel hustled .
It may be premature , as we 're only four months into 2005 , but I 'm going to go out on a limb and call Kung Fu Hustle the funniest movie of the year .
But for all its stylishness , verve and moments of visual poetry , the relentlessly punishing slapstick and overall cruel tone left me cold .
Retrieving the martial arts movie from the gentrified middlebrow tastefulness of movies like House of Flying Daggers is only one item on Kung Fu Hustle 's agenda .
With Hustle 's release on 2,000 U.S. screens this week , Americans get to see what 's so funny about Chow . The laugh 's on them for not noticing him before .
Kung Fu Hustle is destined to be the next Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon -- a subtitled movie for people who do n't do subtitles .
Kung Fu Hustle , from Asian star Stephen Chow , is the sort of total entertainment package that tends to exhilarate the viewer or grind him down into a spent grist of weariness . Or even both .
Low-brow but involving , and never predictable , this is a feast even for those who ca n't stand subtitles .
Rockets forward on creative sparks of pure adrenaline and excitement we rarely find outside of carnival rides .
Toss into a blender Kill Bill , Roadrunner cartoons , the Matrix films and the complete Three Stooges and Jackie Chan collections , and push purée . Pour the result onto a movie screen and call it Kung Fu Hustle .
When I saw the woman drop a flower pot on her husband 's head , a scene straight out of The Bank Dick , it struck me that Chow was channeling W.C. Fields .
Broad , low farces with little story and stuffed with epic fights built on plainly impossible , plainly faked gags , they 're still a stitch .
Being a movie critic is like being a prospector : After almost 30 years of exploring terrain , you can stumble upon a streak of pure gold you 've never seen . From the looks of Kung Fu Hustle , Stephen Chow is a mother lode .
It 's a wild laugh fest where anything goes and often does so at the speed of light .
... the knockdown hilarity of it all made me wonder where this subgenre of martial-arts action flick might be heading . A lot of it is riotously funny .
The latest film from Hong Kong 's reigning comic star and director , Stephen Chow ... is a celebration of Hong Kong action cinema that mocks gravity , both emotional and physical .
So filled with crazy energy that it seems to leap off the screen , Kung Fu Hustle is the most wildly inventive , purely entertaining and cuckoo-cool flick to hit movie houses this year ...
If anything , this Hustle is more frantic , more frenetic , more cartoonish - and more enjoyable - than filmmaker Stephen Chow 's previous film , Shaolin Soccer .
Ridiculous ? Nah . Kung Fu Hustle is sublime entertainment .
At times , Kung Fu Hustle feels like too much of a good thing .
Like a meal prepared by an extreme chef , ` Hustle is more than a bit of a mess . It still tastes like nothing you 've ever had before .
It may not be a classic , but ` Kung Fu Hustle ' is a playful , unpredictable comedy , overflowing with the impishly clever personality of its maker .
Lingering on such details is a new development for Chow , recalling the style of another aspirant to global pop cinema , Sergio Leone . Given all the hyperbolic kung fu , it 's easy to overlook such quietly observant grace notes .
For all its excitement Kung Fu Hustle is mostly a marvel of comedic ingenuity and mile-a-minute creativity run wild . You 've never seen anything like it .
Here , finally , is the first must-see movie of 2005 .
It would seem all but impossible not to have a good time watching Kung Fu Hustle ...
Kung Fu Hustle is n't much more than a series of embellishments , but when you 're talking about a movie that puts this much cartoon crunch into its violence , it may not matter .
Chow 's comic flair calls to mind Jackie Chan at his pre-Hollywood peak .
Le film transpire le plaisir .
Chow packs a lot of action , a crazed cascade of comedy , a parade of characters and a non-stop barrage of loving jabs at classic martial-arts adventures into 99 minutes .
Probably the most imaginative film thus far of 2005 ...
The humor may be lowbrow , but the Looney Tunes timing is impeccable .
-LSB- C -RSB- ompletely pointless except as a silly diversion ... and that , when you need to check out from the all-too-palpable insanity of the real world ... is a very good thing .
Kung Fu Hustle has a new spin on an old genre ...
a better movie for lovers of the kung fu genre because they 'll get the jokes , but still funny
The film does n't make much story sense at times , but it 's a forgivable flaw as `` Kung Fu Hustle '' is one of the most entertaining movies I 've seen in years
Irresistibly peppy and absurd in all the right ways ... guaranteed to deliver more innovative eye candy and smarter fun-per-second than most of this summer 's fare .
If you 're not entertained , it 's time to get off the decaf .
While his film has no shortage of extraordinary special effects , they are musical rather than mechanical . They animate rather than stifle the imagination .
A lively , visual treat .
When I saw it at Sundance , I wrote that it was ` like Jackie Chan and Buster Keaton meet Quentin Tarantino and Bugs Bunny . ' You see how worked up you can get , watching a movie like this .
The hugely enjoyable Kung Fu Hustle races across the screen in a colorful collage of kung fu films , silent comedies and Tex Avery and Chuck Jones cartoons .
Kung Fu Hustle is inventive , wild and completely pointless .
Kung Fu Hustle will not only please martial-arts fans , it 's witty and energetic enough to engage those who usually ignore such choreographed Asian dust-ups .
A slaphappy cartoon in any language ... Thaaaat 's all , folks .
Chow has created a hyper-animate fantasy world that honors kung fu movies as it satirizes them , and the similarities between it and a cartoon are entirely intentional .
There 's nothing in Kung Fu Hustle you have n't seen before , but you 've never seen it put together in quite this way .
... has a nasty streak that is at odds with the otherwise genial mood Chow creates .
Though I applaud kung-foolery and find Chow nimbly hilarious , Kung Fu Hustle 's shotgun marriage of slapstick and brutality is unnerving in the make - 'em - laugh , make - 'em - gag manner of Quentin Tarantino .
Hatchet fu , shotgun fu , flowerpot fu , harp fu , cobra fu , disco fu , Zen fu , Kubrick fu , Road Runner fu , geezer fu , bullfrog fu . Kung Fu Hustle features every type of fu except déjà fu .
Must we say it ? Do the Hustle .
The action is so absurd and clever that it taps the funny bone more than the adrenal glands .
Hilarious , thrilling , toon-like martial arts flick that 's an absolute joy to watch .
The second half suffers somewhat , but only in the sense that the inspired gags slow down to one or two per frame . More , please , and soon .
-LRB- Kung Fu -RRB- Hustle is a rapid-paced conglomerate of action and laughs , mixed with special effects that look like they were lifted from a Warner Bros. cartoon .
A full-on-the-mouth , sloppy-wet kiss to Hong Kong martial arts movies .
A nonstop orgy of madcap martial arts mayhem .
Stephen Chow 's giddy genre grab bag of a movie is infectiously silly , breathtaking and easily the most exhilarating pure kung fu movie in years .
Kung Fu Hustle is so over-the-top that it could break Sly Stallone 's wrist and stall his big rig circa 1987 ...
It 's a short , sharp , shock to the cinematic system that 's virtually impossible to dislike , and if you do n't leave the theatre grinning your face off , then , buddy , movies just are n't for you .
... it 's a shame about the R rating Most of these fights are so cartoony that there 's no reasonable danger of children copying them , and they 're sure to enjoy the movie .
The film mercilessly mocks martial arts films to such a divine degree that it manages to transcend the genre .
A deep river of imagination flows through Stephen Chow 's indiscriminate fairy tale .
Chow 's best all-around achievement , meshing a coherent story , character arcs ... , and technical depth .
Thumbing its nose at gravity , deflating Zen solemnity , embracing big-top artifice with childish glee , Kung Fu Hustle zings you with some of the most unfettered slapstick ever put on film .
In the end what Chow has here is a good gag , not , as he seems to think , a genre .
When the villains of Kung Fu Hustle introduce themselves with a swishy line dance , you know you 're in for something special .
Do n't expect a masterpiece of an action movie , but a masterpiece of a comedy that happens to take the martial arts as its theme .
The truth is that I have n't seen nearly enough unimaginative martial-arts movies to respond to Mr. Chow 's bizarre flights of fancy .
As an exercise in craftsmanship it 's certainly a success , but in the end it offers lots of sound and fury but not a great deal else .
Joyfully chaotic and impishly outrageous , Kung Fu Hustle has a schizophrenic imagination in the way it insists on presenting its wacky charm
While it needs emotional coherence and better timing , it offers manic , madcap , wacky , over-the-top kung-fu justice .
It is everything KILL BILL wanted to be , but actually was n't .
I 've never been a big fan of that over the top slapstick stuff .
It is at once a coming of age story , a gangland epic , a martial arts melee , a romantic comedy and dissertation on spirituality .
There is so much slapstick humor , so many comic book like characters and outrageous special effects that Kung Fu Hustle should easily cross demographics
Listen , it 's a fun movie . I should probably shut up and let you enjoy it .
You do n't have to be a kung-fu freak to revel in the film 's energetic silliness , but it helps .
Kung Fu Hustle boasts not just audacious action , but tons of laughs , a likeable -LRB- in spite of himself -RRB- hero in the seemingly hapless Sing , and one kick-ass , foul-mouthed , and awe-inspiring Landlady .
The imagination lies not in the film 's fight choreography , but in the way it mines Hollywood clichés for off-kilter comedy .
Kung Fu Hustle is an absolute hoot .
With its mélange of influences , Kung Fu Hustle is everything , and with its lack of emotional coherence , it 's nothing .
Mayhem does n't get much more fun than Kung Fu Hustle makes it .
An underdog story disguised as a fairy tale and an action-packed kung fu free-for-all , Hustle is simultaneously one of weirdest and most wonderful films of the year so far .
The first thing you see in this rock 'em - sock 'em kung fu picture is a butterfly .
The soundtrack is cool , the action is hot , and the laughs are numerous . Step aside Jackie Chan ; there 's a new master in town .
Chow knows what his audience wants , and what that audience wants appears to be utter comedic insanity .
A lively , action-packed and witty piece of globalist entertainment .
inspired silliness at 100 mph
Stephen Chow 's kinetic , exhausting , relentlessly entertaining film throws scraps of a half-century of international pop culture into a fast-whirling blender .
One thing 's for sure , if you love cartoons , martial arts , humor and fun ... this flick 's for you .
If the plot elements seem like a duck soup of every Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan picture ever conceived , they are lifted into a whole other stratosphere of ingenuity by Chow and his design team 's indefatigable visual imagination .
Simple ideas resound the loudest in Hustle , never the overtly choreographed fights or blistering visual effects . Chow is at his best when it 's just him to contend with .
... half homage to old kung-fu movies , half sheer comic goofiness ...
An almost exhaustingly inventive action comedy that uses every available trick .
A delirious-verging-on-surreal send-up of Kung Fu attitudes and traditions mutated with a Tex Avery cartoon .
Chow , perhaps the first action star and filmmaker to be as influenced by classic cartoons as by the karate-chop balletics of human movement , directs like a gonzo fusion of Tarantino and Tex Avery .
Viewers will discover that the film has something to offer nearly everyone , whether they are a novice or a black belt in kung fu cinema .
Martial arts action as jaw-dropping as Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon or The Matrix filtered through ` The Three Stooges ' and ` Looney Tunes '
Kung Fu Hustle delivers as an action-comedy-musical . Its fiendishly entertaining most of the time , but its flimsy plot is a just an excuse for Chow 's histrionics
A kung fu parody that 's also a terrific kung fu movie .
Does the plot spin out of control ? You bet . But dumb fun this smart is a gift .
Derivative , repetitive , and over the top to the point of weariness .
Absurd insanity that would make even Jackie Chan gasp
With everything bigger and grander in Chow 's singular universe , it 's easy to overlook one small detail ... that Kung Fu Hustle is less satisfying than its predecessors .
Stephen Chow 's peculiar vision of an action - comedy - musical - drama . For over-the-top excess , this takes pride-of-place .
Wildly funny and inventive , a giddy re-imagining of martial-arts flicks that might be one of the most audaciously entertaining films of the year .
Avoids the slickness and self-congratulatory winks of many other comic action films .
A technically expert and visually seductive tour de force from someone who is very likely the funniest man in Asia .
... like a smorgasbord of high-pitched artistry and homages ...
Chow 's screen persona lies somewhere between the poise of Bruce Lee and the comedic timing of pre-Hollywood Jackie Chan , with a little Looney Toons thrown in for extra kick
Not only is it hilariously funny , but it 's also a fiendishly entertaining -LRB- albeit somewhat cartoonish -RRB- action movie .
A chop-socky on f/x steroids that 's devoid of genuine inspiration or involving character development .
It 's quite possible that we can hand the title Most-fun Movie of 2005 to this romp .
Like Shaolin Soccer , the film is positively insane , a genre-defying spectacle of postmodern signs colliding at rates seemingly faster than the speed of light .
The supreme battles are brushed away by the ultimate battles and the ultimate battles are pushed aside by even more absolute battles .
Brilliantly original and very highly recommended .
Those looking for martial arts magic here will find they 've been hustled , too .
With a delirious mix of the sublime and the silly , Hong Kong comedy king Stephen Chow Sing-chi has taken the kung fu comedy genre to new heights of chop-socky hilarity .
Imagine a movie in which Wile E. Coyote , Jackie Chan and The Three Stooges share top billing . That 's Kung Fu Hustle .
Stephen Chow masterfully blends and bends genres like no other , and Hustle is no exception .





@highlight

Kung Fu Hustle blends special effects , martial arts , and the Looney Toons to hilarious effect .