This is a horrifying situation .
The Invisible War is as compelling as Silence in the House of God , Alex Gibney 's study of abusive Catholic priests .
Where this picture is truly triumphant , is within the significance of its very existence . This film simply needs to have been made , and it needs to be seen .
Directed with straightforward economy , The Invisible War sheds much-needed light on a very dark secret .
Kirby Dick 's typically insightful and compassionate documentary presents a harrowing picture of an epidemic of sexual assault and rape within the US military .
The film works both as advocacy and as a very moving study of women -LRB- and one or two men -RRB- whose idealism and patriotism have been utterly shattered .
What calibre of male personnel is the military attracting ? And how will this dysfunction affect its relations with foreign civilian populations ? It is a grim picture .
Tears are not hard evidence , but they are hard to resist as anecdotal testimony .
That the Pentagon has , since the making of this documentary , revamped its rules to try to improve things - in particular , offering immediate transfers for those who allege abuse - is testimony to the power of Dick 's work .
This is an enraging film , as it is meant to be , -LSB- and -RSB- not just because it is a microcosm of rape culture , the collection of pervasive attitudes that rule our society that deny and dismiss men 's violence against women .
... an erratically-paced yet often harrowing documentary that shines a light on an important -LRB- and under-reported -RRB- topic .
Addressing a rarely discussed social problem , Kirby 's shocking docu could function as an agent of real change .
I can hardly wait to see which closet Dick will throw open next .
The film delivers a sledgehammer blow to the audience , with an experience every bit as shattering and overwhelming as one might infer from the subject matter .
A must-see exposé of the abuse of power in an institution that is supposed to serve and protect .
I have rarely been more righteously riled up than I was while watching the documentary The Invisible War .
It 's an important , infuriating work . The testimonials from assaulted servicewomen and men should be screened on a loop in recruiting offices around the world .
Interview after interview , statistic after statistic , Dick 's advocacy project thoroughly incenses -- and appears to be having results .
Let 's hope the film causes enough change that we do n't have to `` discover '' such abuses in yet another decade .
This travesty has been encouraged by a military culture that blames the victim and a policy directing soldiers to refer complaints to their commanding officer , which typically results in no action or even reprisals against those speaking out .
A disquieting investigative essential documentary that sheds light on the massive problem of rape and the systemic cover-ups in the US military .
The Invisible War is a crushing indictment of a system that is way off the rails .
This is one of those documentary films that makes me so angry I could just chew nails . This is because of the awful way the victims of sexual assault are treated by the military establishment .
makes a compelling case that the military is , as a retired Army general says , `` a target-rich environment '' for sexual predators . It is a difficult film to watch , but it should be harder to ignore .
The Invisible War presents 98 minutes of outrage , delineating in painful detail how our country 's military has failed so miserably in protecting the women and -LRB- in some cases -RRB- men who made the choice to serve this nation with courage , pride and dignity .
Even if you do not see this movie yourself , please encourage any young woman you know who is considering enlistment to watch this movie first .
Kirby Dick has again shown great restraint in presenting such inflammatory material , betting a clear-eyed approach will have an inflammatory effect on his audience -- and it does .
Basically , the message from the military to potential rape victims is : if you get raped , it 's your own fault ...
One of those documentaries that you watch both fascinated and repulsed - and one of those films that you sense just might be instrumental in helping to change an utterly unacceptable status quo .
... totally serious but , still , incredibly informative and quite shocking with his plethora of data .
`` The Invisible War '' makes all too clear that the military is n't very good at justice .
In the end there is something to cheer about - vindication for some victims , and proof that a film can make a difference .
We learn that a military court has determined that rape is ` an occupational hazard ' of serving in the military .
If this enrages you , it should .
One hearing noted that the victim was dressed provocatively . In her official uniform .
If it does n't make you angry , you 're not human .
Agonizing , infuriating - and effective .
The film is persuasive and infuriating without leaving much hope for change .
-LSB- P -RSB- owerful rage against system carried by victims who detail sexism , harassment , stalking , rape , reprisals , and rebuffed complaints -LSB- whose -RSB- attackers have n't been punished .
Convincing look at how the military ignores rape and sexual assault within its ranks .
Powerful , provocative and deeply moving . One of the most vital and enraging documentaries of the year .
For sheer infuriation value , you ca n't do much better than Kirby Dick 's quietly scathing documentary on rape in the US military .
Dick , whose films include a revealing expose about the movie industry 's film ratings board , has created yet another galvanizing call to action with `` The Invisible War . ''
What happened to these women after the rape often shocks and disturbs them as much as the physical act itself .
It is far too difficult to watch . Which means we must .
This is not a movie that can be ignored .
Presents a sickening chorus of accounts not just of rape but of institutional betrayal , of a system that 's utterly failed to protect or serve those who 've joined it .
The movie depicts the military 's culture of intimidation and assault as global , not as an aberration that might be explained by the pressures of combat or the tedium of life on secluded posts .
Every adult who owes a debt of gratitude to American soldiers should see Kirby Dick 's heartbreaking documentary about sexual violence in the military .
There 's a sense that Dick would rather be effective than fair , but The Invisible War wants to tear down walls , and sometimes a sledgehammer comes in handy .
The intense interviews and damning statistics -LRB- 20 percent of all female personnel have experienced sexual assault -RRB- do the work of whipping up outrage .
Dick 's films often strut with a lilting impudence , but his new work is dead-serious , as suits the subject .
Tough , heroic stuff - heroic on the part of the women who are brave enough to come forward to speak to Dick 's camera .
An extremely emotional film , but another terrific investigational exposé by one of the more underrated doc filmmakers out there .
Any attempt to look at deeper-rooted causes behind these assaults is completely AWOL .
A disturbing , hard-hitting , and emotionally-shattering documentary about the rapes of women serving in the U.S. military .
Kirby Dick 's devastating documentary about the U.S. Military 's systemically endorsed sexual abuses against its own soldiers , puts yet another puzzle-piece in America 's horrific reality ...
... one of those few films one sees in a year that deserve the label `` important . ''
Kirby Dick 's spartan use of graphics and statistics conveys arguments with little grandstanding .
Consisting primarily of interviews with the victims ... -LRB- director Kirby -RRB- Dick 's film is hard-hitting and upsetting . -LRB- Includes interview with Kirby Dick -RRB-
This powerful doc is surpisingly only the first to attack the victimization of tens of thousands of women in the armed forces by their own fellow soldiers .
One of the most important films of the year ... a strong and quite damning expose .
The Invisible War , though revelatory , is perhaps the most straightforward film yet from a director who likes to broach the fault lines of sex and society .
Seeing Kirby Dick 's shocking expose about rape in the U.S. military is a civic obligation !
So powerful it 's apt to change minds
This eye-opening documentary turns a glaring spotlight on sex crimes in the American armed forces , and on the military establishment 's astonishing insensitivity to the issue .
An aptly infuriating expose of sexual abuse within the U.S. military .


@highlight

The Invisible War is a vital and frank expose on sexual assault in the U.S. military , shot by master filmmaker Kirby Dick -LRB- This Film is Not Yet Rated -RRB- .