A striking debut .
While it may win over folks with its woozy , dreamlike , visual look ... Bellflower may also disgust others with its nasty , nihilistic narrative .
Mr. Glodell 's sexist , one-dimensional depiction of women notwithstanding , he also seems to champion domestic abuse when justified by infidelity .
Girls , be careful how you break up with a guy who owns his own flamethrower .
Glodell 's debut is undoubtedly an immature work but it 's such a genuine and energetic achievement that the flaws ultimately do n't matter . Bellflower is an amazing mess .
Bellflower is an all around great movie that benefits from excellent filmmaking and gorgeous cinematography .
A turbo-charged indictment of male adolescent fantasy and a biting critique of misplaced machismo . A burnt-out , bloody , brave debut , Bellflower rides the fallout from a relationship to a stomach-churning conclusion ... or does it ?
Bellflower is a visual spectacle of independent cinema .
An artistic celebration of the extremes in life but , without anything in between , most everyone is reduced to an unrelatable outline .
It is infuriating and exhilarating , wonderful and annoying , cliché and revolutionary , and with more problems than I can easily count -LRB- or recount , for that matter -RRB- the simple truth of the matter is that I borderline loved it .
A `` promising '' debut rather than an `` exciting '' debut .
A surprising film all around , not just because of its far-out plot twists and distinctive DIY look , but because it illuminates a highly-charged part of the modern male psyche and the restlessness of a very specific kind of young adult .
The movie is about things that seem awesome in the abstract turning terrible up close , because life -LRB- and love , and violence -RRB- can not always be awesome .
reminds me of that infamous photo by Andres Serrano of a crucifix submerged in a golden , rosy liquid ...
Made for $ 17,000 and worth about seventeen cents . Mumblecore for the first half , incoherent violent imagery in the second half . Does n't anybody making movies nowadays understand the need for compelling characters , a lesson lost on mumblecore makers .
The beauty of this picture is that it 's impossible to predict where it 's going to lead from scene to scene .
`` Bellflower '' is your typical boy-meets-girl , boy-loses-girl , boy-builds-flamethrower-equipped-car kind of story .
Hey dude , this low-budget pic sucks big time !
It seems to be a cross between an experimental art film and a grindhouse movie , comparing favorably to some similarly-themed mainstream movies such as ` Grindhouse . '
At first appearing youthfully naïve , Bellflower would , by film 's end , be more accurately described as almost hopelessly disenchanted .
College-aged but without college , friends find solace in Mad Max and alcohol
It does appear to be the kind of movie people either love or hate . Either way , it gets under your skin .
Bellflower revs the engine of an exciting new maverick .
May be arresting , but not necessarily in a pleasant or significant way .
The three main stars keep the action emotionally grounded , even as it spirals downward into increasingly unhinged acts .
There 's a fine line between passion and self-indulgence - and Bellflower hops back and forth between the two .
However messy it may be at certain points , Bellflower is a unique cinematic experience .
For all the flair of the narrative 's later back-and-forth , Bellflower is hollow in its metaphorical take on a romantic breakup .
A delightfully strange hybrid creature .
Is n't an examination of mid-20s invincibility so much as a demonstration of how risky it can be to give unemployed dumbasses access to flames and other weapons .
Possibly represents the debut of a one-of-a-kind filmmaker , a natural driven by wild energy , like Tarantino .
It 's like the world 's coolest iPhone camera app writ large , and while it 'd be misleading to make too much of this picture , it 'd be a shame to make too little of it , either .
The film wanders through the purgatory of romance and action .
It 's such early-20s melodrama , but in a way it fits perfectly into a world in which people are drunk all the time , grow hipster beards , and talk to each other like this : `` Dude , what 's up ? '' `` Nothing , what 's up ? Dude . ''
In a cinematic climate where bland compromise is often the rule , Bellflower may be impressive simply for its unapologetic willingness to be so bile-raising and hateful .
Bellflower has some admirable qualities but just not enough .
After a while , `` Bellflower '' feels like it ca n't stop checking itself out in the mirror . It 's a pose , not a movie .
Handmade and helpless , it 's nevertheless the real deal , an artful blurt of sensitivity and rage .
In Bellflower , Woodrow may have an ideal girl in mind , but he 's unable to articulate his vision .
Its non-linear structure leaves that of Blue Valentine in the dust , and its elliptical narrative and unreliable point of view take at least two viewings -LRB- for me -RRB- to unravel -LRB- maybe -RRB- .
Bellflower is weirdly gorgeous . Its intentional post-romanticism is mirrored in evocative chapter headings and ace cinematographer Joel Hodge 's images -LRB- using a camera of the director 's tweaking -RRB- .
Glodell does n't have the emotional intelligence or filmmaking finesse of the early Martin Scorsese , but his film is a new-millennium descendant of `` Mean Streets . ''
After seeing about 20 minutes of `` Bellflower , '' I wrote the following on my notepad : `` What is this about ? Anything ? ''
Glodell 's vision is a disturbing portrait of the first generation to come of age in a post-9 / 11 America .
I grudgingly forgive Bellflower , mainly for the vivid way it paints its characters into this baked , wilted world .
Equally fascinating and tedious , `` Bellflower '' is a lost cause of a movie , torn apart by incompatible ambitions .
Halfway through it occurs to us that writer-director Glodell is riffing on Charles Bukowski . Or Antonin Artaud or Daffy Duck . Who cares ?
A motion picture most viewers will probably find themselves admiring more than actually liking . It 's well-made , yes , but also annoyingly arch , self-absorbed , and contrived .
`` Bellflower , '' writer , director and star Evan Glodell 's debut , bursts at the seams with wild creativity .
So determined to depict the emptiness within the two main characters , it has become the thing it portrays .
Often a concept-heavy film like Bellflower suffers from lack of sufficient attention to , you know , storytelling , but that 's definitely not the case here .
For an independent production made for very little money , Bellflower is an achievement , and will definitely find an audience with badasses , drunkards and dropouts .
the movie is so in love with itself that it 's difficult to say where observation ends and revelry begins
Glodell created the film 's distinctive , hazy look by homebrewing his own camera rigs and attachments , and the result is a film that looks like no other in recent memory .
The movie peels back the damage and lays it out in a way that 's as fractured and sad as the mess its characters make , like a Judd Apatow dramedy with skull-cracking baseball bat beatdowns .
Replete with occasional moments of grunge on the lens and other clear indicators of its ultra-indie origins , Bellflower is not perfect , it 's post-perfect ... which is exactly the way reality feels right about now .
Bellflower is ballsy , unflinching and an absolutely unforgettable experience ; and I ca n't wait to see what Glodell does next as a filmmaker .
Bellflower unfolds in a charged-up but emotionally honest hormonal haze . It 's the sort of polished , distinctive freshman effort that is told with such cool assurance as to restore one 's faith in indie filmmaking .
This is a movie made for fellow filmmakers , not audiences eager to be engaged or challenged . It 's a love letter to itself , a statement of purpose preaching to the already converted .
As the guys ' favorite character from `` The Road Warrior '' might say : Too much violence , and too much pain , but there is within it some sort of honorable compromise .
Glodell is a filmmaker with a future , if the apocalypse does n't get in the way .
This frequently dazzling , eccentric portrait of mutually assured destruction is that most delirious of combos : charmingly funny and emotionally terrifying .
Evan Glodell 's explosive debut feature is a thing of toxic beauty .
A daring feature debut by Evan Glodell , `` Bellflower '' looks like it was shot with the digital equivalent of a Brownie box camera , and generates an almost palpable aura of anxiety .
There 's more here than initially meets and sometimes assaults the eye , including the hyperbolic dudeness of it all .
It is , without a doubt , a striking debut . But it 's also punishingly distasteful and disjointed almost beyond coherence , a repetitive heap of a film that feels disgorged rather than crafted .
Instead of focusing on what keeps the film from being great , or sometimes even good , consider what makes this an exciting debut
Straddling the madness of Nicolas Refn or Lars von Trier and the low-fi production values of Joe Swanberg , Bellflower proves those two things do n't necessarily coexist well within the same movie .
Bellflower is stylishly watchable - even when it 's preposterous .
In one grease-monkey swoop , Glodell proves that he 's a subversive talent worth following . Let a thousand of his future projects bloom .
Sometimes that works well and sometimes it works poorly , but Bellflower is a genuine breakthrough , and after its own profoundly flawed fashion , a work of genius .
Writer-director-actor Evan Glodell 's testosterone-fueled fever-dream indie Bellflower impresses less for its screeching take on extended adolescent fury than for its own macho , wacko , pedal-to-metal embodiment of same .
Muddled , overlong , indulgent in uninteresting ways and eventually afraid to go any place provocative , Bellflower has only a cool car and a promise of future filmmaking from talented first timers .
It 's warm and beautiful and terrible and scary , full of heart and blood and truly unique .
Bellflower is a mess , but one that 's unquestionably the product of incredible ambition and potential .
The over-the-top , disjointed climax -- seen largely from the perspective of a character with brain damage -- will likely shoo away anyone who 's not on-board with the film after the first hour , but I admired the bravura of it .
I think writer/director/star / producer/editor Evan Glodell is something of a marvel . Thank god he made this film , because no one else could .
Evan Glodell 's uncategorizable debut mixes messy romance and ill-advised D.I.Y. obsessions into a knotty but compelling vision of pop culture-damaged youth .
Despite its meandering plot , Bellflower presents its doom-laden vision as an astonishingly distinctive state of mind , arguing that the end of one self-made world always marks the start of a new one .
It offers hope that original storytelling is still out there , lurking in the darkness , just waiting for a massive flamethrower to light it up .
An agonizingly intense , almost unbearably beautiful first feature from the writer-director Evan Glodell .
Heartache is the gasoline and betrayal is the spark that ignites it in Bellflower , an apocalyptic powder-keg tale of love , treachery , and flamethrowers .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Here is a movie that sears itself to your eyeballs and brain .
Involving tale of people on the cust of adulthood who get their kicks from firebombing targets while awaiting Armageddon .
A stunning debut for writer/director/actor Evan Glodell . My favorite - so far , of 2011 .
... a solid calling card and , maybe , next time around -LSB- filmmaker Evan Glodell -RSB- could wear fewer hats .
Here 's an interesting American independent which , while flawed in the storytelling department , exhibits gritty technical flair on a shoestring and a kind of nightmare logic .
A likely cult hit among horror fans and a gleeful affront to more delicate sensibilities .
Evan Glodell -LSB- is -RSB- a mad scientist of a filmmaker .
A solid vehicle for four new actors . It shows they can hold the screen .
Glodell took incredible risks as a filmmaker , telling a completely unorthodox story in a wholly audacious manner .


@highlight

This fevered , stylish vision of the end of the world stitches multiple genres together and marks writer/director/star Evan Glodell as a true talent to watch .