... the tape is an excellent way to have fun , without question . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hancock is funny and pretty fresh but finally gives up on idiosyncrasy , leaving you nothing much to discover .
And if you 're still not willing to forgive Hancock , and least there is the scene where he shoves a guy 's head up another guy 's butt .
Hancock is what happens when you have talented people working on quality material : it 's really a no-brainer that it works so well .
Kicks into tired oh-it-sucks-to-have-superpowers territory and opens up a can of racial issues it has no intention of investigating
I have no problem signing on to recommend this . Get it ? Signing on ... John Hancock ... nevermind .
A few actors such as Clint Eastwood , marry substance and popularity . But very few . Most actors ' egos lead them to slum in the box office . I 'm reminded of this often when a major , talented actor opts for popularity instead of substance when the latter beck
... an engaging and thoroughly innovative spin on the superhero genre ...
What an odd movie !
This is a different take on the superhero genre with an interesting , offbeat twist .
A fun , fairly crisp opening hour gives way to a muddled , entirely unsatisfying ending .
The trouble with Hancock is that its wry , reflexive commentary on the pressure of being Will Smith gets lost in the more typical reflexivity of the big-budget Hollywood fiasco .
The strain of messianism in Will Smith movies is becoming ever more pronounced .
It becomes an entirely different film , one not really premised on the bad-superhero comedy idea , and the film is then oddly without a sense of humour , and its vague interest in satire vanishes completely .
A relatively satisfying ending that leaves just enough of an opening to warrant a sequel if the box office receipts are right .
Train wrecks are intrinsically spectacular , and Will Smith 's new movie offers a doozy . Two of them , in fact .
Smith and Bateman are great , and the first half of the movie is terrific . The second half ... well , you 'll either go with it or you wo n't .
Will Smith , Fourth of July , superhero . It all seems to add up to a great combination . But they only made half a film .
The fourth of July will not be the only day for fireworks , July 2nd will definitely heat up at your local theatre when Hancock is released . Be sure to check it out .
While the film never quite reaches an Alan Moore-level deconstruction of the superhero mythos , it has a fun time offering up all the joy of a big-budget action movie without taking things too seriously .
The most adult of the new wave of superhero dramas .
Has plenty of funny , even tender moments until it veers in a different , messy direction an hour in .
It 's let down by a disappointingly uneven plot , painfully underwritten characters and dodgy effects .
Smart enough to use the CGI madness in service to the story , rather than just ending and scene or conflict with a big effecty showdown . -LRB- I 'm looking at you , Transformers ! -RRB-
It 's definitely a mish-mash , but really good performances .
Squeezing every bit of originality out of its concept , Hancock fails on so many levels that it 's surprising the film is n't a bigger success with audiences .
Less like a complete movie , Hancock plays out more like the first two episodes of a television series shown back to back .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Una buena idea no hace necesariamente una gran película , y Hancock está lejos de ser perfecta . Aún así vale la pena y Will Smith está perfecto en su rol titular .
Most of Hancock 's faults can be forgiven because Will Smith creates a quintessentially American hero : flawed , frayed , but always sacrificing for the sake of others .
`` Hancock '' is two films jammed together . The first part , deserves an `` A '' -LRB- Kudos to Jason Bateman -RRB- , but the second part is clearly a B movie . I 'll average only to a B .
Hancock suggests the Colin Powell ` Pottery Barn ' argument , but before it gets really interesting , veers wildly off course .
Hancock is a movie that tosses the genre cookie cutter under the bus .
Hancock is n't by any means a dead loss , but it could have been a lot better .
It 's a pointless , plodding and just plain ugly effort which fails on just about every level .
The phony mythos turns into equally spurious pathos that plays like bathos because not one iota of the sentiment or sympathy has been earned .
Hancock endures by finding the right rhythm to match its star , and by lashing enough amusing moments together to provide a trim 92 minutes of entertainment .
` What are those jammin ' sounds ? Is it a musical jetstream of crunk ? `` No , it 's Hancock on approach ! Use runway Six Left , Hancock ! All jiggy for landing ! '
Smith 's invincibilty at the box office may come down , for this film is a mess . Not even his charm and personality can save this train wreck .
There are more problems afoot than just its misleading rating , beginning with the story itself .
The structure of Hancock is a bold risk that supplies more storytelling ambition than your more typical summer popcorn blockbuster .
Hancock tries to reinvent the superhero movie - until it loses interest in its own story .
Fatally compromised -LRB- but -RRB- ambitious and clever ... It reminds us of the way majority America treats black men in particular , with a humiliating mistrust that 's never far behind the admiration expressed for those who ` earn ' approval through their talents ...
After a frenetic and funny first half , ` Hancock ' falls apart , devolving into a sentimentalized and scattershot piece short on integrity and sense .
A strange hybrid of a movie ; a film that never congeals and is the first misstep that I can recall Smith making since he refused to kiss Eric Thal on screen in Six Degrees of Separation 15 years ago .
It feels like a couple of reels are missing ... devoting an enjoyable first hour to our dirtbag crusader 's unlikable antiheroics , before jumping to the conclusion without benefit of a second act .
It 's certainly the most complexly ornery superhero flick we 're likely to get this summer .
The special effects feel rather synthetic for a big-time summer blockbuster . When the smoke finally clears Hancock emerges as just another routine riff on the superhero genre
An interesting idea , but it falls a bit short of being a compelling story .
While by no means a perfect film , I still found a lot to enjoy here . There have been at least two dozen superhero movies in the last six or seven years . It 's kind of nice to see one that looks at things from the other side of the coin .
Uma variação interessante sobre um gênero que vem surgindo com freqüência cada vez maior nas telas ... e ver um super-herói massacrado pelo peso de sua responsabilidade é um conceito que , por si só , já merece aplausos .
An unfocused , ill-conceived , and rather ridiculous Smith vehicle ...
A disappointing mishmash .
... the bottom line is that , as far as botched movies go , Hancock is a painless way to pass a couple of hours enjoying a mindless summer popcorn movie .
... a tale of redemption hard-won , and all the more rewarding for that .
Morally bankrupt . And this is coming from someone who thinks Ted Bundy was misunderstood .
The acting matches the action
The more we get to know about Hancock and how he acquired his name and mysterious powers , the less entertaining it becomes .
There are lots of interesting ideas and some fine work on display , but it never gels into a fully satisfying movie experience . Like its titular super-anti-hero , it only works sometimes .
The dynamic between the sullen Smith and sincere Bateman may be the best thing in the Peter Berg 's movie , but it 's a tough call because the whole popcorn fest is flat-out fantastic .
See-saws between straight superhero movie and parody , with layers of soap-opera fudge in between . A lot of solid scenes - but Hancock lacks the power of super-coherence .
His symbol is the eagle . He beats up on little Frenchmen . He is ` the only one of my kind , ' the world 's lone and lonely superpower . Hancock is a clever metaphor for America in the world .
Here 's a movie filled with bright ideas , crammed uncomfortably into a story burdened by confusing and often contradictory exposition .
About halfway through the film it shifts gears ... One wishes -LSB- they -RSB- had focused on a single story and saw it through .
A superhero movie with soul , a magically endowed boozer , and quirky chemistry fueled between those two dramatic heavyweights , Will Smith and Charlize Theron , who go at it like Hillary and Obama duking it out at a presidential primary .
This summer has been defined , over and over , by boys maturing into men ... Hancock is by far the most thoughtful exploration of this issue .
There 's a good chance Hancock will still rake in the cash over the next few weeks solely because of Smith 's marketability , but as a whole the film is his most deplorable project since 1999 's Wild Wild West .
With superhero films as hot in 2008 as psychedelics were in the 1960s , the new blockbuster superhero film Hancock fits with the label but without any of the ancestry . The 1983 film The Return of Captain Invincible is flipping in its grave .
Fate , mythology and even racism in America are tossed in to a climax so grim it 's like watching `` Men in Black '' morph into `` Requiem for a Dream . '' The movie does n't earn that drama , feeling cobbled together from earlier , less-commercial drafts .
A peculiar and occasionally charming poke in the ribs of the superman myth .
As popcorn movies go , this is fleet , funny , and even thoughtful : its central question , nicely underplayed by director Peter Berg , is why power and altruism never seem to intersect .
Why on earth anyone would want to waste a summer matinee afternoon with Hancock when they could get wasted with Shakes the Clown in the DVD privacy of their own lair ?
While not a total failure , what would the result have been had director Peter Berg been able decide what he wanted his movie to be ? As it stands , Hancock is a wildly uneven ho-hum affair that really should 've have been much more .
`` Hancock '' is a mess of a movie , a bizarre combination , believe it or not , of `` My Super Ex-Girlfriend '' and `` Breaking the Waves . ''
The shaking and almost random cutting destroy the movie 's timing and humor , though Smith is skilled enough to sneak a few laughs through .
Feels like they shot the story treatment without ever bothering to turn it into a screenplay ... the film is full of empty patches : not plot-holes exactly , but spots where it seems we are n't getting a full movie .
-LSB- A -RSB- bout three-fifths of the way in , things take a sudden turn ... While this switcheroo has put off many critics , it is precisely what I found most interesting ...
Something big and different during that time of the year when something big and different is so rare .
It 's like dating Britney Spears . Too much drama .
A slightly messy movie , but it 's also one of the year 's best .
Do n't expect to laugh more than five times and you wo n't be disappointed .
Hancock is not the light and fluffy comedy you may think it is - it 's dark and coarse , but well worth checking out .
Hancock is a rarity . It 's an action yarn that feels like a drama and , alternately , a drama that takes our breath away with bursts of eye-popping action .
I 'm willing to give a superhero film some leeway in terms of realism but a film has to remain true to its own inner logic and this one keeps changing the ground rules .
The problem is that director Peter Berg , aided and abetted by Smith and Theron and third banana Jason Bateman , seem to have made it literally , not realizing its out-of-whack tonalities and grotesque plot twists were meant to be played for laughs .
The good cast does what it can with the weak material , but the waste of talent only makes the film 's total failure that much more regrettable .
Hancock leaps fluidly from comedy to action to romance . And it has bigger surprises in store .
As soon as the hero becomes another wounded demigod brooding on rooftops , the movie loses its sting .
Ill-conceived and oddly executed , this Will Smith vehicle perplexes more often than it entertains .
Hancock makes for one unexpectedly satisfying and kinky addition to Hollywood 's superhero chronicles .
There 's a great idea here , but it 's buried within a muddled story that lurches between dark comedy and maudlin drama .
Drunk superhero comedy turns into ... something else , not all that successfully .
Hancock can fly ; Hancock can punch ; Hancock is bulletproof . Regrettably these things do n't hold true for Hancock as a film , which starts promisingly enough , but ultimately gets knocked off course by a reveal of dubious dramatic value .
Since The Pursuit of Happyness , actor-producer Smith has made no secret of his desire to make movies that entertain in that big-studio way but also dig deeper . Hancock is a rousing measure of that intent .
The first half is diverting and inventive . But the filmmakers use the second half as a box-office insurance policy . They fill it with the conventional super-heroics and heartbreak that they spend the first 45 minutes gleefully deconstructing .
... in spite of its flaws , I very much enjoyed Hancock , for both its interesting and creative storytelling and Smith 's great lead performance .
A floundering action comedy with an interesting premise that self-destructs in its second half .
As delivered by director Peter Berg , Hancock is never as serious or funny or poignant as it could be . And despite clocking in at a reasonable running time , it has a big sag in the middle that nothing could have fixed .
Audience members willing to hop aboard this emotional roller coaster ride will respond to the resultant pathos far better than viewers wondering why the laughs suddenly went MIA .
Will Smith and a great cast are not enough to keep this from becoming a soaring disappointment in this summer 's superhero movie sweepstakes .
A few more films like these , and this will be remembered as the beginning of the end of his blockbuster career .
`` Hancock '' is not a bad movie , just an underachieving one . It lacks a `` wow '' factor . It is bland and routine and flies off in too many directions .
Hancock is an irreverent hero for our times -- perhaps reflecting our own national zeitgeist , with America 's previously untainted superpower image suddenly a matter of debate rather than fact .
... where -LSB- director Peter -RSB- Berg makes it work is by refusing to sacrifice the integrity of his characters for an easy ending .
Hancock is still a lot of fun . Will Smith remains one of the most likable of movie stars , and he 's a virtuoso of underplayed sarcasm .
Has action , heart , but superhero is an alcoholic .
The tragedy of `` Hancock '' is that Will Smith is so damn good in it .
Yet because it 's Smith , you know that Hancock ca n't be all bad , and as the film spends the next hour trying to rehabilitate him , proceedings slowly starts to fall apart .
John Hancock is a black superhero desired and derided by crowds who are informed by spectacles , stereotypes , and fear .
-LSB- ... -RSB- it 's always nice to see someone revisit Christopher Reeves ' drunken Man of Steel act from Superman III .
If Hancock did n't try so hard to be `` edgy '' and `` different '' it could have been a winner . Instead with the only villain in the movie being a Whiskey bottle it barely registers as a blip on the radar .
Hancock is a mess that is n't even fun to enjoy for its little pleasures .
Flashy and funny , but extremely uneven , this superhero action comedy lets its gifted cast stroll through a series of ill-defined characters
as daring and audacious as its eponymous hero , venturing into realms of mythos and sentiment with equal dexterity and erudition
Hancock is either a brilliant disaster or an often uneven masterwork .
Only half a good movie -- the whole of it becomes confusing , disappointing , and non-sensical .
Even Smith needs good material , and it 's fitfully supplied here .
This antihero merely spreads his suckage filmwide .
Has a promising premise .
Too bad it 's brought down by the most dreaded form of cinematic kryptonite % u2013 the fear of going against an audience 's expectations and giving them the same old superhero song and dance .
Remember Wild Wild West ? Well ...
A promising idea about a superhero with an existential crisis wobbles through wildly misjudged moments and then has something of an existential crisis of its own .
Best as a comedy and worst when it tries to get serious .
It does n't take itself as seriously as it should , and undercuts a final act that should have and so could have packed a mighty emotional wallop .
Despite having a few ` wow ' moments , this is one of the more frustratingly inconsistent movies in recent memory .
Part of the joke lies in seeing a megawatt star embrace his inner grouch with fantastical blunders , and part of the anticipation lies in seeing Hancock become , well , Will Smith .
To be sure , Hancock mines the superhero mythology and pays homage to the rich folklore on which it feeds and sustains itself , but what it does with the raw materials is thoroughly , refreshingly unique .
No one can tell a coherent story anymore , and before long no one will notice .
Setting out to be both a parody and the very thing that it 's parodying , the movie comes up short on both accounts .
A new movie that makes the previous pandemonium seem downright restrained .
There were many moments where I was going from nail-biting to knee-slapping .
Director Peter Berg knows the difference between cartoon violence and the real stuff , and Hancock mixes both to good effect .
You have to admire any summer blockbuster that freshens and subverts the superhero genre , and you 're in fine hands with these actors .
It 's worth it just to see a ready-made Superman-sized superhero in action without all the baggage of decades of retellings and reworkings ; even looking at familiar faces working through a familiar genre , it 's nice to be surprised for once .
Smith 's pictures deliver familiar pleasures ; they work with efficiency but not inspiration , honoring the time-honored movie platitudes that will neither shock nor stretch an audience .
Hancock the jaunty , jokey riff on the screwed-up inner emotional life of a traditionally ironclad superhero becomes Hancock the icky lesson in the importance of personal responsibility , loyalty , and continued family togetherness .
Credit must be paid to director Peter Berg for pulling off such a tricky balance of such diverse elements while delivering an impressive and affecting superhero adventure with as much heart and soul as sound and fury .
But for most of its running time , Hancock is a refreshing piece of cinema that should be another solid summer hit for Smith .
This is an open letter to director Peter Berg . I just wanted to say , `` Good Job ! ''
Hancock is a giant mess of a movie . It 's not just misguided , it 's insulting .
There are some moments when it looks as though it is somehow going to work but then , much like its anti-hero , it comes crashing back to Earth , leaving nothing behind of note besides a giant mess .
The attempts to deepen the emotions turn Hancock into a strange , conflicted and often joyless film .
There 's a game-changing plot twist that is at first fascinating , but ultimately infuriating because the movie never capitalizes on it .
A fascinating film about exploitation as it applies to blacks and the entertainment industry .
While Hancock certainly is n't lacking in ambition , unfortunately it does lack coherence .
Between the jittery pseudo-realism of Peter Berg 's direction and the maudlin undercurrent to its hero 's redemption , all Hancock can summon up is the faintest sensation of nausea .
Another great departure for Smith to put his charm and popularity to the test , offering more than a few solid laughs within an original superhero premise .
The bottom line , of course , is Will Smith who carries the film and salvages things even while the story falls apart all around him . The guy has charisma to burn , and makes Hancock appealing
Most of the film is zippy , funny , and fascinatingly strange -- all qualities that are often lacking in some of the more bloated action blockbusters .
The superhero genre screams for a makeover , or at least a smart deconstruction , but Hancock is n't that movie . It just ups the foolishness ante .
The strain of sadism that 's crept into mainstream American movies eventually overtakes and undercuts Hancock , which should embarrass the filmmakers , who pay lip service here to gooey idealism .
A strange but cool comedy .
even with Smith 's considerable charm and his proven track record as Independence Day weekend movie god , Hancock does n't succeed as a truly satisfying holiday-movie blockbuster .
The second half gets so worked up over itself that Hancock becomes nearly unrecognizable as the movie we were all enjoying twenty minutes earlier .
Even Will Smith 's jerky superhero -LRB- and another winning supporting turn from Jason Bateman -RRB- ca n't save the latter half of this film 's messy script .
Hancock has about 50 minutes of action and dark , edgy humour before it veers off into cheese land .
Leaving behind the laughs for schmaltz , Hancock chickens out at the last minute , lurching toward a cop-out happy ending that gives every indication of having been reshot at the behest of test audiences . Well , at least you wo n't be bored .
Passable if profane , Hancock chugs along right up to that when this comic superhero engine goes off the tracks , and pretty much off a cliff .
As for Smith , he 's on fire . There 's nothing like a star shining on his highest beams . You follow him anywhere .
Hancock is still worth seeing , if only for a glimpse of what might have been a truly innovative idea .
Hancock is a lot of fun , if perhaps a little top-heavy with stuff being destroyed .
Initially , it seems like Hancock is going to have some fun with the superhero paradigm , but this dark , muddled and tedious noise machine winds up being an inferior copy of that genre 's highlights .
The basic truth everyone should know here is that , for all its savvy and slick promises otherwise , Hancock is an empty , ill-plotted and highly vulgar disaster that 's going to disappoint virtually everyone who takes the time to see it .
A super-dud .
The set-up is there , but the big payoff is a huge letdown .
-LSB- Smith -RSB- should have pushed for a rewrite as `` Hancock '' only flies so far before degenerating into a lame and illogical `` My Super Ex-Girlfriend . ''
In this highly superheroic summer of Iron Man and the forthcoming The Dark Knight , Hancock can offer only an A-list headliner in a D-list project .
Hancock is a film that starts off promisingly , but takes a left turn about halfway through and literally comes apart at the seams .
Hancock is horrendously disjointed and barely manages to tell a story , but I was delighted by its charisma and Will Smith 's unexpected middle-finger timing .
Hancock is a hodgepodge of intriguing ideas that , if developed further or presented as more than throw-ins to a confused production , might have made for a unique superhero film .
Successfully mocks goofy superhero conventions while affectionately reveling in some of the best-loved clichés of the genre .
A ton of potential , but ultimately a mess .
With great power comes great -- irresponsibility .
Part of Smith and Berg 's subvert-your-expectations game plan involves a major midfilm shocker , one that takes the movie to larger mythological places unrelated to Hancock 's self-improvement quest .
Hancock is the sort of Fourth of July cinematic fireworks celebration Hollywood dreams about but rarely achieves .
Thanks to Smith , it 's a story about movie stars -- and why the multiplex-going humankind needs to have them kicking around , too .
This superhero saga fizzles .
That pain in your neck is cinematic whiplash .
It 's a strange feeling to see the summer 's most promising premise self-destruct into something bizarre and unsatisfying , but that is the Hancock experience .
What does one say about a movie that wants laughs from a shot of one inmate 's head up the derriere of another ?
Almost any moviegoer should be able to find something to enjoy , but it 's hard to imagine anyone liking this mishmash from beginning to end .
What starts out with a sense of quirky fun loses direction and devolves into a mishmash of story lines .
The promise is dangled yet never developed . Rather , the narrative slips into a backstory that alternates between confusing and contradictory .
The final third seems all shot in a strange blue light that makes even the gorgeous Theron look consumptive , and is , in a nutshell , no fun at all . Are n't Fourth of July movies supposed to be fun ? No fireworks this time , Will .
It 's the sort of role Smith ought to be able to pull off easily . But even his superpowers apparently have their limits .
There are many joys to be found in Hancock , not the least of which is Smith 's effortless performance ...
If you thought you were in for something light-hearted , prepare yourself for more superhero angst than Batman Begins and Hulk combined .
By the expedited conclusion it all feels less like a Peter Berg film and just another chapter in Will Smith 's tentpole history of major creative failures .
The premise alone is worth the price of admission and the first hour is some of 2008 's most intriguing cinema .
Hancock tries to be several things at once , but fails to be anything at all ! I was hoping that this was going to be a fun take on the superhero genre , but instead it 's easily the worst film of the summer !!!
Director Peter Berg mounts a special-effects extravaganza that 's very boring indeed , and does n't quite deafen us to the inadequacies of the script , while Smith pretends to be a grumpy git but , naturally , winds up begging us to love him .
For anyone who thinks Spider-Man 3 needed more superhero angst .
The filmmakers can not resist embracing the conventions they were tweaking . Hancock turns from a moody , darkly funny character piece trimmed out with a bit of engaging action and veers into a poor impersonation of a standard superhero movie .
Hancock 's light-hearted comedic elements sit uncomfortably next to its more ` adult ' cussing and violence ...
Hancock suggests new visual directions and emotional tonalities for pop . It 's by far the most enjoyable big movie of the summer .
The action comedy , a biting satire of superhero mythology and the comedy that results from its real-world applications , makes you love the guy for his brutally logical demeanor .
Frenetic , forgettable and unfulfilling . Even Will Smith looks uncharacteristically uncomfortable .
A bunch of strange , vague ideas crammed into a movie with nowhere to go and absolutely nothing to show us .
I love surprises and would happily be led up the garden path with Will Smith , but there 's a fatal flaw to Hancock , with alien-sized plot holes and worse still , characters behaving out of context .
A clumsily executed , forgettable mess that 's too dark for kids , too dull for teens and too dumb for adults
Sheds essential exposition in a mad , foolish dash to the finish line .
Subtlety and nuance take a summer vacation .
Sadly , the bar is set too high and the movie implodes under the weight of its own ambitions .
I 'm not so sure Berg is losing faith that his audience can follow along ... but in the face of so many comic book films entering theatres , it seems a poor choice to differentiate yours by way of tacky TV-level antics .
Smith clearly has fun sending up his image .
If Will Smith can pull off this hodgepodge of a movie , an ill-conceived poorly executed effort that tries to be all things to all people , then he really is Hollywood 's most bankable star .
For a robust action story about three people from very different backgrounds attempting to make a positive influence on their world , `` Hancock '' is a step in the right direction .
This misguided attempt to wring a novel twist on the superhero genre has a certain whiff of The Last Action Hero about it .
Great concept , shaky execution .
There 's enough good stuff to justify action fan attendance .
No surprise to me , because I fully expected it to be awesome .











@highlight

Though it begins with promise , Hancock suffers from a flimsy narrative and poor execution .