The movie puts us in Maria 's shoes , taking us step by suspenseful step through her physical and spiritual ordeal .
A stunning performance by -LSB- Catalina Sandino -RSB- Moreno is the hallmark of the film ...
Unflinching drama of the journey of a drug mule .
The subject could be , and has been , exploitative in other films , but Joshua Marston shrewdly sketches asides of drama about whether Maria should simply remain in New York . To his credit , that outcome feels as fraught with peril as her drug-running .
`` Maria Full Of Grace '' was a hit at the Sundance Film Festival and carries the cinematic currency of an important and thought provoking drama .
` Maria Full of Grace ' offers a clear picture of the economics that drive the hopeless many to take risks in the enrichment of the few .
Moreno gives a very memorable debut performance ...
The film 's star , Catalina Sandino Moreno , has heavy-lidded eyes and a lovely , open face that belie Maria 's steely resolve .
the filmmaker 's eye and ear for authentic detail and believable characterization ... make the film an unusually tough and gritty slice of underworld life .
Belongs to Moreno .
Maria Full of Grace provides an authentic and compelling view of a drug mule 's experience .
Moreno é uma daquelas atrizes que prendem o olhar do espectador , que , fascinado , mal percebe o sutil trabalho de construção de personagem que está sendo desenvolvido .
Moreno communicates without words - she immediately sells the film , the concept , the struggle , the danger .
Catalina Sandino Moreno gives a superb , naturalistic performance as Maria and Marston is careful not to glamorise her , despite the fact that she 's absurdly gorgeous .
Su principal fortaleza es la convicción con que Sandino Moreno lleva el peso de toda la película -LRB- ... -RRB-
Marston never romanticizes , never goes for the easy cliche . He allows his hooks to pull at the film 's center without revealing the lines that make his movie so gripping .
The story is told in a lean , clean way , with no missteps .
it never quite goes where you expect it to , yet you 're glued to the events all the way .
`` Based on 1,000 True Stories '' is the most pompous tag line of the year by far , especially from an American director claiming to speak for all the people of Chile .
Marston has made an amazingly lean debut feature ... . But everything he trimmed was n't fat .
It 's a testament to the filmmakers ' creative maturity that -LSB- the film -RSB- navigates its narrative without once capitulating to obvious emotional readings .
In a time when many politicians seem eager to define morality as either black or white , ` Maria Full of Grace ' dares everyone to look at the ocean of gray in between .
A strikingly personal story with realistic characters and a strong emotional core .
Colombian director Joshua Marston knows that direct , immediate suspense is the key to making the audience share the ordeal of his heroine who works as a drug mule .
The shadowy underworld of drug smuggling is brought into the light and given a radiant and vulnerable human face
From the standpoints of technique , interpretation , cultural sensitivity , and narrative integrity , Maria Full of Grace is an astute and unforgettable work .
Whatever its flaws , Maria Full of Grace is a daunting debut work well worth catching .
Here the picture took me somewhere I 'd never been .
The documentary-like detail and lack of sensationalism allows us to make our own judgments and to make connections between the drug trade and the legitimate business world .
What 's remarkable about Marston 's filmmaking is his ability to present scenes of shocking defilement without a hint of gratuitousness .
Marston 's compact , personal film does n't judge his Maria , it merely observes her , explains her and humanizes a dark corner of a dirty business .
Socially conscious character drama unencumbered by sensationalism .
Sad , but it does n't sting nearly as much as a movie about human debasement demands to .
The fact that -LSB- Moreno 's -RSB- Maria is so believable , so compelling , rests entirely on what she brings to the part , not what the part brings to her . Her face is the kind that can carry a movie on the strength of sheer screen presence .
Shares the traditions of socially-conscious filmmaking of modern practitioners like Britain 's Ken Loach , with an intelligent and nuanced treatment of a challenging issue .
A different kind of drug movie -- one that dives straight into the trenches .
For the most part , the film is done effectively , and there are some genuinely tense moments .
Moreno conveys much of Maria 's plight - her frustration at her dead-end life , or her fast thinking when things go wrong in New York - with quick glances and minimal gestures .
-LSB- Marston -RSB- allows the extraordinary Moreno , also making her debut , to carry all the uncertainty , terror and pain on her own young , striking shoulders .
Catalina Sandino Moreno makes Maria into a character with whom we sympathize not because we feel sorry for her , but because we 're charged by her steely determination
Strangely unemotional and flat for a character journey , irritatingly at its worst when it should be its most moving ...
Sad , sobering , tension-filled and disquieting .
Moreno gets us to root for her even though we disapprove of the illegal activity she is pursuing .
Undeniably powerful .
Indie filmmaking at its very best .
Powerfully realistic film about `` mules ''
Marston and Moreno make us stop and look , and to see Maria Alvarez as not just another face in the crowd but as an individual person , someone nice . Someone worth knowing .
A remarkable independent film that combines the power of first-rate drama with the reality you 'd expect from an expert documentary .
A spellbinding drama rife with both tragedy and hope .
One of those films that finds strength in its directness , that passes up the fireworks and cheap tricks and just goes straight for the starkness of a powerful situation .
Greatly enhanced by Moreno ... While I do n't doubt the documentary truths in Marston 's account , as drama it 's hard to swallow .
With ... her command of the moment , -LRB- Moreno -RRB- could develop into an actress to watch in the future . One thing is certain . We ca n't take our eyes off her in this one .
Sensitive and lucid portrayal of innocence lost and dignity reclaimed .
-LSB- C -RSB- oncerned with laying out what is , with a clear-eyed realism that 's devastating and mesmerizing in its simple , unembellished authenticity .
Marston 's zeal in telling the story is a flaw and also a boon
through both Marston 's and Moreno 's refusal to play up her pain or struggles , we care even more about how her believable tale will end .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Joshua Marston 's meticulous eye for cold , hard facts on his subject matter raises Maria Full of Grace above the level of mere docudrama .
One of the emblematic migration stories of our time .
From start to finish , fascinating , compelling film , filled with excellent performances and sage direction .
A stunner of a film .
A gripping , deeply moving film .
One of the most viscerally felt films of the year .
With its sharp eye for telling details Maria Full of Grace often has the feel of the very best documentaries .
We get a truly gut sense of what it must be like to carry , next to your pregnant womb , a shipment of potentially lethal contraband into an alien world .
What keeps the movie watchable is n't its politically , culturally charged material , but something more elemental -- the fact that its young star , Catalina Moreno , is strikingly beautiful and photographs like a dream .
Shot in the style of a documentary , which lends the movie an aura of utter realism , Maria Full of Grace derives an unsettling power from the clinical details of Maria 's ordeal .
Maria Full Of Grace may not be a classic but it is a compelling effort with a great naturalistic performance at its core .
This American-directed , Spanish-language movie metes out the dramatic and authentic with a measured , believable grace .
Compelling and highly accomplished .
Maria Full of Grace has a power that does n't announce itself until it 's over : You leave not wanting to give up on life , just resentful of the world we live in .
Maria is no saint , but she is full of grace and her movie 's divine .
A keenly observed and compelling movie that will open your eyes to a world of trouble and sorrow .
Although a work of fiction , the film evinces the power and grit of a documentary .
Maria Full of Grace is an extraordinary experience for many reasons , including , oddly , its willingness to be ordinary .
Provides a moving critique of the heroin trade as well as a powerful portrait of an unjust global economy in which the lives of the poor are exploited and often discarded for the recreational purposes of the rich .
The 23-year-old actress Catalina Sandino Moreno is a revelation as 17-year-old Maria in this Sundance and Berlin Film Festival prize-winner .
A tense , immediate , no-frills drama about desperate choices made under desperate circumstances , and the consequences of those choices .
Our main interest in Maria Full of Grace is whether careless Maria will ever take responsibility for herself , and the movie is strongest when it focuses on answering that simple , compelling question .
-LSB- An -RSB- unpretentious and straightforward film .
Maria Full of Grace is a consistently engaging , if unpleasant to behold , movie .
A remarkable picture , full of suspense and discovery .
It is the most amazing first film I have seen in a long time .
We do n't endorse anything Maria does , but we have to applaud her courage . And we applaud Marston 's courage for telling it like it is .
Takes a simple story and molds it into something eloquent and menacing .
Maria Full of Grace is an important and powerful film . It serves both to educate and tell the story of a very strong-willed and thick-skinned female character .
Draws the viewer step-by-step into the seemingly ineluctable fate of the `` mules '' -- beasts of burden caught in the trap of poverty without opportunity .
An arresting drama that delves bravely into the realm of Columbia 's human drug-trafficking market , film is exceptionally executed and performed .
What 's striking about ` Maria Full of Grace ' is the way it manages to remain beautifully direct while generating enormous emotional impact .
Marston , making his directorial debut , made some choices while creating his film that simply can not be described more accurately than as ballsy .
Deciding whether or not to view this unique glimpse into a seldom seen world should be easy . It 's a must-see .
In Marston 's film , New York appears as it actually does , a concrete jungle billowing smoke , noise , and confusion . Somewhere within , opportunity lies , but there 's no travel-brochure guarantee to ensure that Maria will find it .
... one of the best movies of the year .
socks a one two punch with the breakthrough performance of lead actress Sandino Moreno ... and its harrowing and tense midsection
If I 've ever seen a movie that better produced riveting drama on a low budget with no exaggeration of character or CGI effects , I ca n't remember it .
it made me give up my career ambitions to become a Colombian drug mule
Moreno 's subtly calibrated mix of intelligence , naivete , rebelliousness , charisma and practicality produces an unforgettable protagonist .
Depicts potentially sensational material with intelligent restraint and gritty verisimilitude .
It has a respect for the cultures it observes , and a nice sense of place . But it has no compelling character . It might have in real life . But on the screen she 's as diluted as the drugs she helps to sell .
By ensuring that the focus remains on the captivating Moreno , Marston gives life to a pawn in an ugly game .
It breathes life into a small story that has larger ramifications . It also shows that America , as represented by Jackson Heights , is still the promised land for people about whom movies are rarely made .
Marston , who wrote and directed Maria , has created three authentic , ordinary women , whose flaws are apparent and whose motivations are completely understandable .
The tension is addicting in this drug movie that 's not only compelling as a drama as a telling human story .
Pulls no punches about the dangers of the drug trade but at the same time paints few characters as out-and-out villains ...
Subtle , quiet look at a desperate journey hurts and haunts by giving us people 's stories -- not a politicized slogan .
I was stunned by the handy and frightening way that this film brings its conflict onto our home turf .
Depicts a world full of moments of squalor and terror , but one that still holds the promise of actual beauty .
Moreno 's performance is so sure-footed and clear that it smoothes over some of the rougher patches of the piece .
Jim Denault 's subtle , handheld cinematography makes clear Maria 's perspective without overstating what 's obvious : she 's in crisis .
Women like Maria definitely exist , and Marston 's fascinating cautionary tale rings terrifyingly true .
Both artistically and spiritually itself full of grace .
Harrowing story of a young drug mule .
Sustains a documentary authenticity that is as astonishing as it is offhand . Even when you 're on the edge of your seat , it never sacrifices a calm , clear-sighted humanity for the sake of melodrama or cheap moralizing .
Timely , pointed messages about oppression and opportunity come poignantly through in strongly dramatic terms .
Maria Full of Grace contains a tour de force performance by Catalina Sandino Moreno as a courageous and adventuresome seventeen-year old Columbian .
The unalloyed earnestness with which Marston tells his story , the frankness of that story and the insistently powerful performance of Catalina Sandino Moreno make Maria one of the more noteworthy debuts in recent filmmaking .
Marston builds incredible tension . But it 's the human drama etched on Moreno 's young , weary face that gives Maria its potent punch .
Thrillingly subjective , teeming with the fullness of everyday proletarian life that one finds in the work of the directors who most influenced Marston in the making of this movie : Hector Babenco and the Brazilian realists , Ken Loach and Mike Leigh .
Writer/director Joshua Marston has created an almost Dickensian tale with a refreshingly empathetic protagonist .
Unfolds with a simplicity that 's as breathtaking as its inevitability is harrowing .
It 's a remarkably assured and humane feature debut .
It 's a brilliant motion picture , not only because of the meticulous detail used in presenting the process from start to finish , but because of the clarity with which Marston develops the characters .
From one part of the world to another , Maria Full of Grace swirls with movement and stirs us with its torrents of feeling .
Catalina Sandino Moreno , making her film debut as Maria , gives a moving performance that will stay with you .
Marston 's strikingly confident debut maintains an unblinking focus and sustains an almost unbearable level of tension .
So much is done right and so little is oversold , we can easily believe in this small story and multiply it in our minds into the thousands of human stories it represents .
A story about risk , determination and survival that 's at once of great eloquence and great import .
A captivating and compelling performance by newcomer Catalina Sandino Moreno
It 's a ` good person in a bad situation ' movie , and while the grim realities of life are dealt with dramatically and capably , it is not as inspiring as perhaps it means to be .
Throughout , we 're constantly rooting for Maria , aware of her underlying decency and protective of her missteps .















@highlight

In a striking debut , Moreno carries the movie and puts a human face on the drug trade .