Remarkably , the director Terry George and his co-writer Keir Pearson have pulled it off , rooting the big picture of anonymous murder in one small precise close-up .
Like `` Schindler 's List , '' `` Hotel Rwanda '' shows how the madness of genocide and war converted one man 's context of wealth and success from capitalism to humanitarianism . Don Cheadle honors Paul Rusesabagina by tapping his brave face and internal rage .
potentially fantastic material ... unfortunately , -LSB- Terry -RSB- George 's attempt is too mired in movie-of-the-week sensibilities ... to do any justice to its subject matter
Cheadle , in his richest role since Devil in a Blue Dress , burrows deep inside this complex man , who discovers in himself a strength he never knew he possessed as he faces the disillusion of all the `` civilized '' notions he believes in .
Don Cheadle gives a beautifully restrained tour de force performance as a singular voice of reason at the epicenter of writer/director Terry George 's depiction of Rwanda 's outbreak of genocide in 1994 when Hutu militias slaughtered one million Tutsis with
This is a solid film , but it is the truth that holds the power , not the direction .
The film belongs to Don Cheadle as Paul and , not surprisingly , he walks away with it .
The filmmakers want to respect history and not exploit it as so much slasher movie fodder .
Cheadle is outstanding in his first major lead role , one where he is present during practically every important moment in this story .
There 's a tidiness and sense of convenience in the film 's stock characterisations and button-pushing plotting that detracts from its impact . The film does n't just contrive to contain the slaughter , but also its own anger .
Who cares about overdone orchestral blasts or signpost-waving lines of dialogue when such raw , naked , painful humanity is displayed by Don Cheadle in the central role ?
Cheadle has an Oscar nomination for best actor . But this is n't a grandstanding portrayal : it is a performance at the service of the work .
In 2004 , with Darfur burning and Congo smouldering , has anything really changed ?
Showing traces of the well-meaning paternalism that dogs many Western films about Africa , Hotel Rwanda does n't go far enough in indicting Europeans and Americans for protecting their own while failing to intervene in time to stop the mass killings .
Cheadle has been doing great , often hilariously comic , work in supporting roles for years ; Hotel Rwanda is his first lead role , but it likely wo n't be his last .
... disappointingly conventional -LSB- but -RSB- an important film nevertheless ...
The film is an overwhelming , sad , and heartfelt achievement .
The fact-based story it tells of instinctual heroism in the face of unspeakable horror is powerful enough to overcome its flaws .
Incapable of honestly confronting its ugly subject matter .
As powerful as the movie was , Don Cheadle was better .
Here , now , is the true face of human barbarity , and the true face of human heroism . Not in the now-distant mythology of World War II
Director Terry George takes his screenplay , which he co-wrote with Keir Pearson , and turns it into a south African `` Schindler 's List '' .
One of the most disturbing films in recent memory .
Oscar-nominated , Cheadle and Okonedo are the film 's impressive heart . Despite the madness around them , both are never less than believable .
Don Cheadle 's eyes have an openness and depth like Martin Sheen 's in Apocalypse Now : they 're the lens through which we can watch this incredible war .
As it should , leaves you feeling exhausted and wrung-out .
Cheadle has always been a talented , watchable actor in supporting roles , so it 's a delight to see him get a lead part this good
The emotion comes from Don Cheadle 's thrilling portrait of ordinary heroism , a performance that 's matched only by the magnificent Sophie Okonedo as his wife Tatiana .
Despite the shocking realities , you 'll leave Rwanda discussing one positive above all the negatives , and that 's Cheadle 's tremendous performance .
The astonishing thing is we are left with a sense of human dignity and courage , and the evil of tribal/racial/ethnic hatred seems unable to overcome that .
Cheadle embodies the humanity and bravery of a man who does the right thing despite his own terror
Don Cheadle is terrific in a movie that sometimes rises to the level of his performance , but which too often plays it safe when capturing the horrors of the Tutsi-Hutu war .
The most significant event of the year .
The finest film of 2004 .
Don Cheadle provides heart and hope in this story of tragedy
A tragic and tastefully poised film that not only tackles human tragedy , but also faults in Western intervention .
There 's not a single false note or insincere moment in either Cheadle 's or Okonedo 's splendid , Oscar-nominated performances ...
It 's all the more successful ... when we realize the sad truth that even a film this powerful is n't likely to change policy .
... an instructive and even profound movie about the survival -LRB- if not the triumph -RRB- of human decency .
Not uncompromised , but still powerful ...
Solid acting , a shocking-because-it 's - true screenplay and wisely simple direction make `` Hotel Rwanda '' into a movie that you wo n't soon forget .
It 's Cheadle who pushes the movie to at least near-greatness .
Don Cheadle is a revelation in his performance and is my pick as 2004 's best actor .
It should be mandatory for everyone ... to see Hotel Rwanda . The carnage it graphically shows and the lessons it painfully teaches should be burned into every soul .
Cheadle brings a needed intensity to the film ; his character 's fear and compassion are quite vivid .
Portrayed by Don Cheadle in one of the great performances of ... his career ... -LSB- Paul -RSB- Rusebagina is a man who rises to the extraordinary challenges of his time .
This is n't a simple morality play with cardboard characters tugging at our heartstrings .
This is one of those movies , like Schindlers List , that may give you nightmares . This is one of those movies , like Schindlers List , that should be seen anyway .
Hotel Rwanda views the effects of tyranny at the level of personal , intimate determination and injustice .
A star-making performance from a guy who should already be a star .
The best scenes are the ones that show the chaos of what was happening ... Unfortunately such scenes are too few .
Don Cheadle has always been a good actor but with this film , he has raised his own bar to excellence .
Strong stuff .
A stunning portrait of a nimble and brave man , performing an exhausting and potentially deadly tap-dance among corrupt bureaucrats and soldiers , as he fights a relentless battle for his life and for the lives of his family , his friends and many more .
An articulate plea to Westerners not to repeat these terrible sins of omission . Is anybody in power listening ?
For all its indignant ire , the movie is more than anything a humanist saga , and it 's in this area where Hotel Rwanda draws its greatest power .
A wrenching fact-based account of the 1994 genocide ... Hotel Rwanda skillfully explores the horrifyingly general through the agonizingly specific .
A tale of heroism of a few people against a massive tide of hellish chaos .
' ... this will be the film that takes Cheadle from the ranks of character actor to one of the most respected performers of his generation . '
The characters are cardboardish and even the uplifting moments of rescue seem antiseptic and set up .
Scrappy , powerful , and shocking .
This is a movie that makes you sick to your stomach with embarrassment at being a human being , that we could do such brutal and senseless things to one another ...
It is worth seeing for the performances and for its depiction of a tragedy many are only vaguely aware of .
Long one of the best actors in movies , Cheadle commands the film as a man who instinctively does the right thing , all too aware that one false move can be fatal .
A powerful , sobering film , alive with energy and urgency . It brings immediacy to a tragedy that most of us paid little attention to when it was happening .
Reduces the unthinkable tragedy to a banal TV disaster movie replete with narrow escapes , tears , and embraces .
This film reminds us that goodness can always be found , no matter what the ungodly circumstances , and that that goodness lies within each and every single one of us , every single day .
the film fits easily into the Hollywood mold , in which trauma is dealt with best by a resourceful , individual hero
May be the most important film released in the past year . Among the class of 2004 , it is certainly one of the best .
Despite the film 's infrequent fall into mawkishness , it delivers the emotional impact it seeks .
Move past the big picture , of race hatred , arbitrary maps and guilt over what the UN and the West ca n't or wo n't do , and find the human story within the inhumanity of war .
A small , honest , emotionally complex film , Hotel Rwanda simultaneously destroys and reaffirms your belief in the intrinsic goodness of man .
In addition to being an epic slice of riveting drama , Hotel Rwanda is that rare movie that can actually make a difference .
It is a passionate and powerful cautionary portrait of what can and does happen when the world looks away .
Please make a reservation on the Oscar watch list for Don Cheadle for his four-star triumph in Hotel Rwanda .
A powerful , stirring , necessary film .
Functions better as an emotional drama than a history lesson ... remains an important and , at times , profounding moving film .
Powerful , moving , shocking , and unforgettable .
When I say that I would happily watch Cheadle and Okonedo in anything ... I do n't mean more movies like Hotel Rwanda .
This is an achingly stunning film . Using a word my partner is very fond of , it is riveting !
A sure candidate for best film of the year , Hotel Rwanda is not to be missed .
An important film , for its commitment and engagement , as well as its insistence that viewers make choices .
The great strength of Hotel Rwanda is that it 's not about superhuman heroism but simply about human decency .
The almost forgotten but all too real African genocide documented in Hotel Rwanda hits us as suddenly and as hard as it does Paul Rusesabagina , the accidental hero played so masterfully by Don Cheadle .
It has a genuine power : the ability of film to beam light onto dark days of history , making it impossible for us to look away , reminding us of what we should never forget .
The supporting cast is particularly strong , especially Nick Nolte as a frustrated U.N. peacekeeper , Joaquin Phoenix in an extended cameo as an American photographer and Sophie Okonedo as Rusesabagina 's supportive wife .
What makes the film not just harrowing but transcendent is Cheadle . He does nothing traditionally heroic . He just presents a picture of basic decency , showing how , when combined with courage , decency can result in an awe - inspiring moral steadfastness .
The tears it inspires -- the tears it demands -- are earnest and earned and true .
This is the first time Cheadle has been asked to carry a film , and he plays Rusesabagina as a man of grace and cunning , a somewhat reluctant hero who must use his every resource to save the hundreds of desperate people depending on him .
By avoiding visual stylization , refusing even a smidgen of overt sentimentality and remaining stubbornly on a human scale , it shows unequivocally that even in the most horrific circumstances the cliche holds true : One person can make a difference .
All we can do is hope that films such as Hotel Rwanda remind us all -- moviegoer and politician -- of the terrible cost of doing nothing .
A film that uses the comfort of the predictable to make horror palatable to a wider audience .
This is a story too big to even begin to comprehend , much less turn into a movie ; still , by keeping the focus small , the filmmakers manage big impact .
Because of the subject matter , this feels like one of those films you see because it 's good for you . But it also is an extraordinarily moving drama .
There is much to respect in Hotel Rwanda , not least Cheadle 's subtly crafted performance , which allows the audience a direct connection to his ethical growth .
If Hotel Rwanda does nothing more than provoke the obvious questions of ` How did this happen ? ' and ` How can we prevent it from happening again ? ' it has , like the hotelier who refuses to consider himself a hero , done its job .
The film serves as reminder and educator for those who 've forgotten or never knew about the situation in Rwanda .
A story so powerful it ca n't help but speak to both the heart and the conscience .
The world stayed out of Rwanda for fear of doing an imperfect job . Bold filmmakers are at their best when they mature beyond that kind of paralysis .
Sometimes a story is so essentially powerful and interesting that flaws in the actual telling do n't much matter .
The subject is crucially important , but the movie dilutes its impact with by-the-numbers filmmaking , and Cheadle 's one-note performance displays few of his acting gifts .
Cheadle gives one of the best performances -LRB- if not the best -RRB- of last year -- an Oscar-worthy portrait of a man who kept his head clear and his humanity intact in the midst of a man-made hell .
The twofold agenda in Hotel Rwanda is to commemorate what Paul Rusesabagina did and to shame each and every Westerner who sees the movie . On both of those counts it is successful .
Here 's a thrilling , socially committed film that knows how to engage an audience and communicate a point of view without degenerating into a harangue . More of these , please .
In a breathtaking performance that could easily be the best performance he will ever give , Don Cheadle plays Rusesabagina .
-LSB- Director George is -RSB- so successful that even the little dramatic tricks used to tie together disparate events glide smoothly and unobtrusively with the journalistic flow .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- sweeps over you with blunt , unequivocal conviction .
-LSB- A -RSB- flat , cramped staging which , combined with d.p. Robert Fraisse 's harsh overlighting , gives the film the feel of a cheap backlot production , even though it was shot on location .
Sobering film .
If -LSB- Schindler 's List -RSB- had never been made , Hotel Rwanda might seem better than it does , and probably better than it is .
A gut-punch of a drama .
A must-see for teens -LRB- and adults , for that matter -RRB- who know the Rwanda massacre as but a distant headline .
A horrifying yet compelling story of man 's inhumanity to man .
It 's simultaneously haunting and inspiring .
Hypnotic , harrowing and heart wrenching , film is a powerful and explosive film . The best movie of the season .
Hotel Rwanda is a strange history lesson that leaves us more overlectured than properly overwhelmed .
Moves us to deep emotion and , naming names but not belaboring culprits , to great shame .
This is many times more exciting than any James Bond film , with the advantage that it 's mostly true . One of the best movies of this year or any year .
A cross between Schindler 's List and Killing Fields , but not as good , Hotel Rwanda is too concerned with being an inspirational , uplifting movie .
The film defines how , using cunning and courage , a person can change the course of history -- and stand up to the inhumanity in our midst .
Hotel Rwanda is filled with urgency ; there 's not a single second of the film that does n't feel intensely real .
It has to be watched by as many people as possible .
Don Cheadle 's inspirational performance draws us more deeply into his character 's plight with each successive scene .
It 's much like an African Shindler 's List and is just as uplifting .
By turns harrowing and stirring , it 's a shame-inducing history lesson that never feels like a lecture .
Don Cheadle takes his rightful place among America 's greatest actors in Hotel Rwanda .
Cheadle will be discussed come awards season , and not undeservedly , for his performance , but , again , the attention this film deserves stems from its historical relevance .
... the consensus for heartbreak and rage is always at a premium high . This certainly can be said for filmmaker Terry George and his blistering genocide saga Hotel Rwanda
This was a story that needed to be told because the ethnic war that raged in Rwanda in 1994 is often forgotten by the rest of the world .
A deeply affecting film as well as an impassioned one ... featuring a stunning lead performance by Don Cheadle .
Cheadle 's portrayal of a steady hand in a vortex of hate and human decimation is an admirable model for courage and leadership .
The story it tells is such a wrenching one it can not help but move us .
It 's a great story . But it 's Cheadle who makes the movie really special , delivering a memorable and utterly convincing portrayal of a truly good man .
Real-life drama about the horror of the Rwandan genocide and the heartfelt compassion of one man is a knockout .
This is n't a great film , but it threatens to be an important one .
An uncommonly good film of considerable intelligence and passion .
The most truly inspiring movie of the year .
It 's a sad state of affairs when it takes a movie to teach people about a horrendous catastrophe that occurred just a few years earlier .
One of the year 's most moving and powerful films , anchored by a magnificent performance by Don Cheadle .
It does portray , brilliantly , the transformation of one man , as he moved from servant to saint . And it gives the lie -- 1,268 times over -- to the belief that one person ca n't make a difference .
Cheadle affects a flawless Rwandan accent and gives a performance that should shame every UN member who voted to ignore the Rwandan Tutsis ' pleas .
Cheadle is great in anything and wrings the drama out of this uneven movie so that you 'll want to feel for his -- and the people 's -- plight .
The film works not because the screen is filled with meaningless special effects , formless action and vast digital armies , but because Cheadle , Nolte and the filmmakers are interested in how two men choose to function in an impossible situation .
Mostly hoping to get by on its subject matter , which works out well for it because that subject matter is indeed compelling .
A riveting , heart-rending and ultimately uplifting account of the human spirit 's refusal to be extinguished ...
Rusesabagina remains a vivid , remarkable character , and the screenplay crafts a hero without hero-mongering or phony tributeering .
George has constructed a fine dramatic feature , and a good first step to educating the masses on this disturbing event .
powerful story , dynamic acting and careful crafting
Conveys the horror and anguish of anarchy and massacre while keeping the violence off screen or depicted at a distance
Hotel Rwanda is a political thriller based on fact that hammers every button on the emotional console .
Not only did it give me a better-rounded perspective on the Rwandan tragedy , but it introduced me to a modern hero who stood against tyranny and oppression at the risk of losing all that was dear to him .
Don Cheadle shows once again why he is the most underrated actor in Hollywood .
Raises an impassioned cry of rage at the savagery people can inflict on fellow human beings .
Cheadle , whose Rusesabagina is both heroic and psychologically complex , is never less than utterly believable .
There are not enough words to describe how fantastic Don Cheadle 's performance is in this film .
It 's a gut-twisting story handled , largely and predictably , with asbestos mitts .
Don Cheadle 's work is subtle , not showy - he wo n't have a clip of him howling and shaking his fist in some kind of Pacino Actorrhea moment . Very moving .
If Don Cheadle could not have pushed the UN into genuine action in Rwanda of 1954 , no one could .
Compelling , suspenseful depiction of the 1994 genocide during a Rwandan civil war - with an incredibly powerful performance by Don Cheadle
This is a film that shows humanity at its best and at its worst . Hotel Rwanda is a film of epic proportions that puts a human face on the disaster .
Perhaps the best movie of the year , worthy of multiple Academy Award nominations .
A slightly better , slightly more expensive version of something you 'd see as a television movie of the week .
The story here is stronger than the actual screenplay , which is too bad , since this is a tale that deserves to be told with as much impact as possible
Takes your breath away .
A film long on drama , short on politics and history
maintains a low key feel throughout , and it is that approach , removing the palliative shield of melodrama , that produces the chill in the gut
Hotel Rwanda is one helluva film ; strong , blunt , moving , unsettling and eye-opening .
Hooks viewers by having us ride shotgun to Paul 's awakening consciousness .
Despite flaws in execution , this is a film of rare courage and imperishable heart .
I can hardly think of another movie in which sheer intelligence and decency have been made to seem so attractive or effective .
Hotel Rwanda and Cheadle make the events come to life for us by focusing on one man 's amazing , heroic struggle .
Best film of the year : an ethically rich story of a heroic African who responds to the deep dimensions of violence in a chaotic world by widening the circle of his compassion .
Achieves an incendiary level of power that has the ability to simultaneously anger and shock .
told in an unflashy way that heightens the authenticity and gently -- but rightfully -- shames the West
A notable film in numerous ways .
Inspires and entertains
destined to make its relatively small target audience more aware of the current conflicts strangling much of Africa
Not recommended .
... the `` devil in the detail '' prevents George ... from delivering a more searing condemnation of those who , through -LSB- murder -RSB- or willful blindness , allowed the slaughter ...
This is an important film to see , but its `` importance '' does not alone make it good . It only makes a powerful film even more worthy of your time .
Not the masterpiece that Schindler 's List is , but still a powerful film and an important reminder .
A well-crafted and moving film that relates an important true story that needed to be told .
As a dramatization of non-fiction events , a film that , more than anything , sets out to evoke distinct emotions within the viewer , Hotel Rwanda is certainly effective .
An effective example of social conscience on the screen .
Terry George 's Hotel Rwanda takes a cue less from history than it does from Schindler 's List .
... it 's impossible to deny the power of this true story - particularly given Cheadle 's Oscar-worthy performance .
Both tough and tender , the movingly rendered production often strikes a devastating chord without resorting to any of the manipulative string-pulling known to accompany movies about ` men who made a difference . '






@highlight

A sobering and heartfelt tale about massacre that took place in Rwanda while most of the world looked away .