It 's been two whole years since the team of Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer subjected us to one of its godawful parodies . Alas , the vacation is over .
With the level of humor here running to flatulence jokes , groin kicks and high-school smart-aleck cracks , their movie does , indeed , -LRB- surely no other critic in the world will be this clever -RRB- SUCK !
A witless , slavish pastiche of the series of romantic dramas based on Stephenie Meyer 's Twilight novels . It is a knowing film that knows nothing about comedy .
Vampires Suck , and films like it , not only fail to parody elements of contemporary society , they barely spoof the genre they are trying to mock .
For the most part , the jokes are mildly relevant at least
I know comedy is subjective , so grant me that Vampires Suck just did not make me laugh . It probably does n't help that , as a spoof on the Twilight franchise , it 's making fun of movies I also do n't enjoy .
It 's almost as cynical as the actual Twilight , and not nearly as funny .
It is as monotonous and predictable as rain in November .
All but the most die-hard fans can agree that the Twilight movies are spoof-worthy . So it 's too bad they do n't get a worthy spoof .
An insult to other bad vampire movies , which is saying a mouthful .
There are few things worse than watching a comedy flatline for over an hour , tossing its `` funny parts '' into a vacuum of uncomfortable silence .
A banal mess that sacrifices anything resembling satire for a series of smutty jokes .
Only Friedberg and Seltzer could film this dross with the belief they are making even a half-decent comedy .
Casting two lookalikes and coaching your young actors to mimic the trio from ` Twilight ' is n't enough to make for a great parody .
There was a time when , for a certain generation , the release of a new Naked Gun or Hot Shots movie would be cause for real excitement .
A movie that will have you pining to watch the real Twilight films . Yes , it 's that bad .
A witless , puerile spoof of the Twilight movies .
Vampires Suck misses its targets in spectacular fashion thanks to the directors ' usual approach of simply recreating scenes from the original movies without any real understanding of what to satirise or even how to go about it .
It 's not quite as bad as Friedberg and Seltzer 's usual output , but only in the way that measles is better than mumps .
So many accurate puns could be made about the title of this film that it hardly seems worth bothering .
They do n't suck as much as lame-brain parodists Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer .
It 's almost fascinatingly awful , nailing the moony tedium of its target franchise with something close to suicidal exactitude .
The last time I heard a film audience in such a state of silence was during Ingmar Bergman 's Winter Light .
The erratic , barely humorous dialogue here is even more ghastly than your average spoof , while Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer 's direction is patchy , to say the least .
It 's marginally sharper than the likes of Meet The Spartans -- yes , that good -- but essentially as tatty as a porn parody , without all the best bits .
Every time we see a new Friedberg/Seltzer film we hope maybe they 've learned something and put their skills to more creative use . But no , instead we 're once again astounded that anyone gives them money to make these unfunny rehashes .
A Twilight pastiche with all the wit you 'd expect from the makers of Scary Movie and Meet The Spartans .
A few broader references might have made this punishing one-note trawl through the eminently spoofable tween-vamp saga slightly more watchable .
The Twilight Saga is an obvious target for parody , but this crude and unfunny movie makes a hash of it .
It seems to have brought out the best -LRB- well , better -RRB- in serial spoof merchants Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer , who have never been so focussed in their mickey-taking mash-ups .
The specific target of the Twilight movies gives Vampires Suck a little more structure than these films normally have , but this is still a painfully unfunny comedy ...
Talent borrows , genius steals . Rank idiocy , on the other hand , spoofs .
The jokes are hit or miss , though the batting average is slightly better than usual .
Tosses off some blunt-force one-liners , coasts on character impersonation , riffs off the originals ' plot points , and pretends its cheap imitation of the Saga 's mopey , slow scenes are parody . In other words , Vampires Suck bites .
Obviously , Vampires Suck is not a good film , but that it 's not a complete and total abomination makes the attempt feel like something close to progress for its creators .
THE most surprising thing about Vampires Suck is that some parts of it almost work . Almost .
A characteristic work of monumentally lazy spoof comedy by Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer , Vampires Suck confirms Idiocracy 's prediction of modern man 's devolution from humdrum mediocrity to sub-caveman levels of intelligence .
You want vampiric satire with actual laughs ? Try Mel Brooks ' Dracula : Dead and Loving It , Love at First Bite , or even Roman Polanski 's The Fearless Vampire Killers . Anything is better than Friedberg and Seltzer 's un-comedy .
They certainly do here .
Vampires Suck has its heart in the right place , but it could 've done with sharper fangs .
The latest nitwit spoof from the opportunistic Friedberg-and-Seltzer team is a cut above its scattershot predecessors , due to the specificity of its target and to Jenn Proske 's spot-on impersonation of twitchy , angsty Kristen Stewart .
Boy , talk about truth in advertising .
The greatest achievement of Vampires Suck is an entirely unintentional one -- in condensing the key story elements of the three Twilight films into less than 90 minutes , it pinpoints what bloated melodramas Meyers ' films really are .
However , there is a shining light . And that is first-timer Proske . She 's obviously done her homework because her twitching , moping performance of Kristen Stewart 's Bella is spot on . In fact , it 's so good that it becomes annoying .
A parody of the Twilight movies so painfully unfunny it could turn proud Twilight haters into lifelong fans .
Given the coy handling of sex and violence that was portrayed in the original Twilight movies , it 's a mild thrill to see their titillating subtext so brutally spelt out .
This movie sucks more .
Will it top Rotten Tomatoes ' worst of the worst at year 's end ? If anyone still remembers it by then , it 'll be the leading candidate .
Rated PG-13 for , among other things , crude sexual content ... I disagree in the strongest terms with the implication that this film has anything resembling content .
If I ever feel the unlikely urge to see Friedberg and Seltzer 's work again , I 'll be going back to YouTube . As this latest effort confirms , their small bites are definitely the best .
With luck , practice and divine intervention , these boys might aspire to mediocrity borne on a cloud of the sophomoric .
Truth in advertising ` Vampires suck ' and so does this movie
Below bottom-of-the-barrel .
fails to find anything remotely winning with its hunt and peck sense of humor
Imagine a clever cartoonist turning his pen from the politicians to these -LSB- Twilight -RSB- characters and you 'll get some idea of the fun that can be had
While I 've seen worse movies than Vampires Suck this year , I doubt I 'll see another as lazily constructed -- even a homemade YouTube video capturing a dog chasing its own tail displays more effort and imagination than what passes for entertainment here .
Vampires Suck lives up to the title .
It 's not too bold a move to call Aaron Seltzer and Jason Friedberg the two worst filmmakers alive .
In the long , miserable history of Aaron Seltzer and Jason Friedberg 's joint film making career , Vampires Suck is a definite improvement .
What Friedberg and Seltzer need to know is that in order to create a successful spoof , you have to understand the genre 's more mature older brother , satire . And they do n't .
Any way you put it , it is not worth the price of admission .
An exercise in lowest-common-denominator humor , in which the pop culture reference is king . Merely dropping a name or imitating a scene or a character passes for a joke in these films .
The various comedy bits are lame , rarely elicit a chuckle and certainly never a guffaw or , God forbid , an actual belly laugh . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Plenty of gags fall flat , but writer-directors Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer ... have tapped the vein more effectively than their norm , with enjoyable details and on-the-mark senseless brutality .
This is the kind of film that is so bad that you almost wish that it had been shot in 3D simply so that you could just take your glasses off and not have to look at it anymore .
Vampires Suck could have been dreamed up by frat boys too drunk to change the channel on a Twilight movie telecast .
It achieves the basic minimum level of narrative competence . Still not funny , though .
What sucks more than vampires ? Lame , lazy movie parodies aimed at attention-deficient tweens .
If you 've ever read a single book -- we 'll include Stephenie Meyer -- you 're probably better than this .
With Vampires Suck , the film is just as guilty as the vampires .
You know a spoof is in trouble when it 's not even as funny as its target . All three installment of the ` Twilight ' series ... offer more giggles than this excruciatingly prolonged public-access-cable-quality sketch .
The Twilight Saga , with its operatic gloom and straight-faced fantasy , is undoubtedly ripe for a smart , good-natured ribbing . This is n't it .
Perhaps the filmmakers deserve credit for their one show of restraint : No jokes in this movie have been made at the expense of Justin Bieber .
Parodies can be hilarious . This one sucks .
The best recent parody movie . Not because it 's good , but because it 's only unbelievably boring while the others were unbearably irritating .
With a title like Vampires Suck , you do n't buy your ticket expecting sophisticated satire , but is it really too much to ask for a few funny jokes ? Sadly , the answer is yes .
Aside from the difficulty of spoofing a saga that has always been winkingly aware of its own angsty excesses , there is the inadvisability of angering a tweeniverse whose emotional investment in the originals borders on pathological .
There 's a joke or broad sight gag every 15 seconds or so , but the ratio of hits to misses is nearly nonexistent .
Vampires Suck finds Friedberg-Seltzer evolving ever so slightly , but adequacy remains out of their grasp , and mediocrity might just be an impossible goal .
The running time is a merciful 80 minutes . That 's the one reliably great thing about reviewing bad movies : Almost all of the biggest losers are less than an hour and a half long .
Two very important things to note about Vampires Suck : The film is a spoof of the Twilight movies , and the title is a good indication of where the level of wit lies .
It 's the sort of movie where `` finger food '' is offered at a party . And it 's fingers . Haw .
Vampires Suck has too much in common with its target . It is a forgettable ploy designed to shamelessly rip money out of teenage wallets before its audience matures and develops a real taste for quality films in the same genre .
Mocking ` Twilight ' is like shooting fish in a barrel , and yet this lazy satire still misses the target .
So here I am , down on my knees , begging you not to go see `` Vampires Suck . '' Who knows ? If we can get enough people to stay away from the theater , maybe we will finally be able to rid ourselves of Friedberg and Seltzer once and for all .
This instantly forgettable trifle is fairly close to worthless .
It is the latter word in the title that most accurately describes the film : suck .
Generally goes out of its way to be one of the worst , most shamelessly slapdash films of 2010 . But I 'm sure you already knew that .
This is from the morons who brought us `` Epic Movie , '' `` Disaster Movie , '' and `` Meet the Spartans . '' Do I need to explain myself anymore ? Do I really ?

@highlight

Witlessly broad and utterly devoid of laughs , Vampires Suck represents a slight step forward for the Friedberg-Seltzer team .