While not a particularly great documentary , it succeeds hugely at what it sets out to do , aided by a dramatic storyline that would probably be dismissed as too fantastically implausible if it was in a fiction film .
What a cool documentary . What a cool memoir .
The story itself would be largely untold if Belman had n't wheedled his way into their trust , filming his own footage and being granted use of a wealth of home-movie material .
Really , it 's just an extension of the LeBron James brand , released to coincide with a book on the same subject and designed to explore the star 's humble roots even while further buffing his galactic glitter .
It drags in places , becomes repetitive and could use a more rigid hand in editing , but it also has a kind of pleasing earnestness that would be lost in a more sophisticated effort .
No make-believe Hollywood script could match this once-in-a-lifetime , all-American story .
There 's plenty to both cheer and ponder .
What 's amazing , and what Belman captures perfectly , is how Coach Dru achieves his dream of becoming a head coach by being a role model to these boys in need .
Expertly orchestrated and unavoidably moving , More Than a Game is nevertheless your standard inspirational sports story about spunky kids who defy the odds to become champions .
More Than a Game is more than a feature-length profile of LeBron James , and that 's good news .
Despite opening with a statement that basketball should be a means to an end rather than an end in itself , the film itself is about 99.9 % basketball .
The filmmakers go a little too far with the superlatives , at times trying to portray these gifted and often immature players as bigger underdogs than they appear to be in real life . But the movie is comprehensive and interesting ...
Like a gambler with an inside bet , you can know the final score , but still enjoy every second of the game .
It 's a resonant story about four boyhood friends , determination , sacrifice , overcoming obstacles and the mentor who guides them from rough beginnings to the national basketball championship . It 's about victorious lives , not games .
Utterly captivating for the humanity at its core .
The film is pretty superficial in its reporting and is by-the-numbers in its storytelling . If the subjects were n't interesting , the movie would be a complete snore .
What 's almost as impressive as James 's talent on the court is his poise and character .
You 'd be hard-pressed to find a better documentary about on-court dynamics and off-court camaraderie ; but as journalism , it 's less than thorough .
Let 's start with the title , which is problematic by nature : There is nothing more than a game on display here .
It 's especially effective in exploring the pressures on the boys and their fragile dreams .
There is dazzling basketball here and an interesting father-son relationship -LRB- Coach Dru Joyce was father of the shortest player on the team -RRB- .
The skilled editing eventually brings out the personalities of all five players , adding an emotional stake to the footage of key games .
While More Than a Game succeeds in depicting the friends ' deep mutual affection , the edges of the LeBron James story are too often smoothed to a dull , inspirational point .
Around the halfway point when the LeBron James crew runs into some adversity beyond the socioeconomic circumstances that get short shrift in the movie , it starts getting pretty good .
Somewhat engaging and well-edited with stylish cinematography and great music , but it ultimately falls short in terms of offering insightful and provocative revelations .
` More Than a Game ' is a riveting , emotional and inspirational documentary that captures the ups and downs of five young men who bonded as friends and teammates .
LeBron becomes a high school star , and this doc entertains without getting too heavy .
The footage is terrific , and all the guys make for charismatic heroes . But Belman barely addresses the stories happening off the court .
It 's always risky to mix sports metaphors , but it 's hard to resist the notion that the basketball-themed More Than a Game is a knockout of a sports documentary .
A superb , slam-dunk documentary about young boys achieving personal and team goals on the basketball court .
Sometimes the narrative suffers from a surfeit of hindsight -- earnest sermonizing on the importance of friendship , family and dedication in the boys ' development . The sermons are worthy ones , though , and Mr. Belman 's film dramatizes what it preaches .
There 's no `` I '' in team . But there are two in stultifying .
evoted fans of the game , and especially of LeBron James , will love More Than a Game . The skeptical and the curious may find themselves wanting more .
Maybe Belman 's film will instill in youngsters an interest in documentaries , of which this is a generally fine example .
It 's an inspiring tale not just for lovers of basketball , although the games featured are so thrilling and tense that it 's a challenge to remain sitting placidly in one 's seat .
Deeply inspiring . That said , for every young kid who sees More Than a Game and thinks they are the next LeBron James -- it should be mandatory to watch 1994 's Hoop Dreams .
Belman does n't look into the bigger problems of James ' team jet-setting across the country during the school year , or the spectacle allowed to build up around him .
keeps the hype at bay long enough to create a story about real characters , rather than indulging in glorified player profiles .
More Than a Game is a documentary , but it 's every inch a triumph-of-the-underdogs fairy tale .
Belman only skims the surface ; even his depiction of the admirable Joyce -LRB- who ditched corporate America to chase his dream of being a mentor -RRB- shows a preference for tidy sound bites over intense inquiry .
Teamwork , not victory : That 's the message of More Than a Game and it 's a worthy one that makes for exciting filmmaking .
Good game footage , a few clear looks at the kids behind it , but mostly as processed as Space Jam .
An inspiring story that works very hard to remind you it 's an inspiring story at every opportunity .
Conforms to the classic three-act story structure of unexpected success followed by hubristic downfall followed by triumphant return .
Even non-basketball fans should enjoy this terrific human interest drama of skill , loyalty , and passion .
An inspirational bio-pic about the transcendent magic of friendship forged in pursuit of hoop dreams .
Not exactly your average sports saga , filled with extraordinary characters and equally extraordinary circumstances that Hollywood could craft no better in any feature script .






@highlight

Though the film may not delve as deep as some would prefer , More Than a Game is an inspiring documentary featuring likable youngsters , a positive message , and some exciting in-game footage .