In truth , it is about an addict and how his behavior , rather than reverberate , transforms the lives of those who love and surround him . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is modest and honestly scaled - adult in the best sense .
Jacobson 's performance was nothing short of stunning .
Franco has the showier junkie role , but Abbi Jacobson is the one you identify with , the long-suffering sister you want to hug and reassure
There are n't too many new ways of putting drug addiction under a filmed microscope , but writer-director Marja-Lewis Ryan has created an original , affecting drama that will both disturb and inspire .
Much like its frazzled protagonist , 6 Balloons has a strong sense of direction , but the film is too constricted to let go , embrace the detours , and allow life to takes it course .
The narrative arc of 6 Balloons is not much either , a progression from positive to negative that leaves no space for a gray scale or ambiguity that might have added value to the story . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As a mood piece and character portrait , 6 Balloons is a strong debut for Ryan . But though it does n't overstay its welcome , by the time the credits roll , 6 Balloons feels like it still has more to say .
6 Balloons is moody and moving , yet frustrating and clumsy and sometimes too on-the-nose .
Though Katie 's arc becomes fairly predictable by the last of 6 Balloons ' breathless 74 minutes , the transparency of her character 's development does n't render it any less powerful .
Sure , it 's not easy to watch , but maybe that 's exactly why you should .
It 's a compliment to first-time feature writer-director Marja-Lewis Ryan that we want more of what she has to offer .
At just over an hour , it feels worthy of expansion , but as a short , sharp reminder of the sprawling horror of addiction , it makes its point with a stinging sadness .
It 's a brief portrait with a devastating subject , but it feels unfinished , relying too often on well-worn techniques to complete an intimate study that may have simply needed a second pass .
`` 6 Balloons '' is wrenching stuff , but it offers points of behavioral illumination to enhance the viewing experience , and there 's Franco doing his best work to date .
At just over 70 minutes , Balloons feels more like a sketch or a character study than a fully realized film , but it 's an affecting sketch nonetheless .
6 Balloons is a film that shows what a sibling is willing to give up in order to save the other sibling .
There is a sense that the picture ends just as it gets going . But it 's a movie that understands co-dependency from the inside , as well as the helplessness and hopelessness of trying to cure someone else 's addiction .
A gripping sibling drama ... 6 Balloons carries us to a very dark place before bursting in a beautiful final catharsis of relief and release .
Shot in a near-claustrophobic handheld style , -LSB- Marja-Lewis -RSB- Ryan 's film is a hell and back 24-hour journey across L.A. that is sometimes too hard to watch .
It 's always refreshing to see a take on a social epidemic that does n't wallow in clichés of suffering , but rather examines the humanity underneath it all .
The movie leaves you with a deep respect for the willingness evidenced by Ryan and her collaborators to take several gambles that pay off dramatically and emotionally .
What stays with you is -LSB- Abbi -RSB- Jacobson 's grippingly understated lead turn , which promises a fruitful future screen life beyond Broad City .
A heartfelt , scary drama about what addiction does to the people around the addict .

@highlight

Delicately sketched but thematically rich , 6 Balloons rises on Abbi Jacobson 's gripping performance -- and marks writer-director Marja-Lewis Ryan as a talent to watch .