The films true strength , though , lies in the young cast . Alongside -LSB- Hayden Panettiere 's -RSB- Kirby are Kieran Culkin and Emma Roberts . Their performances elevate the film from simply a great movie to a rewatchable classic .
Its gimmicks have n't grown up , although its older fan base has .
A half-thought-out lark , the movie mocks and rejects every current trend of the genre .
Easily rises up its peers in the genre and is a suspenseful sequel worth screaming about .
Weak plot , half-assed performances and lacking any originality make this a lame and uninspired film .
Fails at chills , stumbles as satire . Tired . Played out .
Everybody is still a suspect and everybody is still a victim , but narrowing down our Ghostface has become easier than ever .
Returning horror fans should enjoy Scream 4 . The series remains smartly unapologetic in toying with meta-references and horror-film expectations .
Brutal ? Funny ? Clever ? You get the feeling that maybe , just maybe , Randy would have approved after all .
`` Scream 4 '' continues to show that the series has passed its prime .
As a commentary on the ongoing -LRB- d -RRB- evolution of horror cinema and infotainment culture since the last film , it 's sharp , perceptive , and funny .
If you only watch Scream 4 once , it might prove satisfying . But the film fails to hold any value beyond its first screening , largely thanks to a sloppy script that feels like a rough draft .
... Basically back to the same old , same old . Which is n't necessarily a bad thing in this age of endless `` Saw '' sequels .
The characters grapple with the ` rules of horror ' films , but the number one rule that I am sure everyone involved with ` Scream 4 ' knew but refused to say : The fourth installment always and forever sucks .
Scream 4 bucks the horror trend by retaining a level of quality rarely seen this many sequels in to a series .
even more self-regardingly postmodern than the earlier films , although Williamson is smart enough to include a gripping whodunnit frame to prevent viewers from becoming totally lost in his hall of mirrors .
It 's great fun .
Why do teenage boys like to watch pretty girls get eviscerated and why do the would-be victims get off on watching their proxies get butchered ?
Made more for fans of the original than for new audiences , this installment has plenty of fun and horror goodness to please them while possibly picking up a handful of new converts .
The Scream movies are generally thought of as horror-comedies , but one of the things that makes them such fun is the fact that they 're also mysteries .
Like its predecessors , it 's the horror movie for people who do n't want to be on the edge of their seats throughout the whole film .
This fourth instalment will please the older fans of the series and should make some new ones amongst the audience who were too young to catch Scream on its first go round .
Craven happily treading water , exploding the clichés he exploded so successfully 16 years ago . Result is a brain-dead brainteaser , a mirror reflection of a mirror reflection .
This is what happens when a movie series that 's stuffed so full of red herrings , movie references , and meta musings about its own plot finally collapses under the weight of its own ridiculousness .
The Screams have always focused on the grisly business of turning horror into entertainment , and predictable entertainment at that .
-LSB- They 've -RSB- taken the ideas of the first film and twisted them in on themselves , using the technological advances of the last decade and society 's celebrity-obsessed culture to give the series an invigorating kick .
Compared to director Wes Craven 's previous horror outing , last year 's unforgivably awful My Soul to Take , Scream 4 is one of the greatest horror movies ever made .
The self-reference that looked mildly clever in 1996 is getting downright masturbatory ...
There is such a thing as too much meta and , contrary to popular belief , irony is not always good for the bloodshed .
The ` meta ' cleverness of what may be the talkiest slasher film ever made may annoy viewers who prefer their scares straight , but the movie works as both a well-cast horror-comedy and a multiple-suspects mystery thriller ...
there is only so much one can do with self-aware characters
Scre4m will please those who want the same old movie dressed up in Primark clothes .
Bright , bloody and enjoyable , and completely worth seeing when you stand back and look at what the filmmakers have done to subvert a beloved but played-out genre .
Scream 4 is thankfully a strong , if imperfect , return to form .
This movie is going to have more than its fair share of detractors . I 'm not one of them .
It is better than Scream 3 , but so are most things ... I , personally , can not recall the last time a film insisted on its own pointlessness with quite this much ferocity .
This attempt to jump-start the long dormant franchise is entertaining and splattery enough , but there 's a sense that Craven wanted it to be something more .
`` Scream 4 '' lacks the qualities that would make it a masterpiece , but it testifies to the cyclical nature of commercial storytelling in sharp , nearly timeless fashion .
It 's time to lay ghost face to rest .
The unstoppable triumvirate of Neve Campbell , Courteney Cox and David Arquette keep the film grounded despite more BONKERS META CRAP that you ever imagined possible in 111 mins
A worthy sequel certain to scare the bejesus out of Scream franchise fans with a strong stomach for gratuitous gore .
Although not without momentary charms , `` Scream 4 '' eventually splashes around in a shallow pool of blood - which is precisely what it bags on its peers for doing . As it lumbers to a ludicrous denouement , `` Stab 5 '' starts to not sound so bad after all .
The creative cognitive dissonance on display in Scream 4 is truly astonishing ... Forget meta horror comedies : it 's as if neither Craven nor Williamson have seen a single movie of any kind at all in the past decade .
Fifteen years ago , I ended my Scream review by saying that the horror genre needed a new face . It now needs considerably more than that .
Welcome to the one of the best fourth parts of a horror franchise ever made .
Too bloody and too profane but still quirky and twisty enough to be fun
You know a movie franchise has lost its pop culture clout when it goes from creating the most popular Halloween accessory to successfully tracing the arc of Courteney Cox and David Arquette 's failed marriage .
Scream 4 is fun , but more clever-clever than fiendishly ingenious .
Scream 's brand of horror , which lampooned the slasher genre while simultaneously embracing it , was fun and breezy in 1996 . In 2011 , it 's about as fresh as the whiff of something stale and rank from a crypt .
It works as well as a comedy as it does a thriller . Not perfect for either genre , but thoroughly enjoyable .
Fails to be a cut above the rest and merely another boring rehash that actually had me praying for a remake ...
While definitely a cut above most slasher flicks ... not quite funny or scary enough to hit the mark .
I 'll admit I had my doubts , but Scream 4 is a lot of fun .
Silly and stale with far too many extraneous characters . Its multiple false endings becoming monotonous far too soon .
... É difícil levar a sério alguém que aponta a calça rasgada de outra pessoa quando suas próprias roupas estão em frangalhos .
... does what Scream 3 failed to do : further the franchise while keeping it fresh ... certainly a better conclusion than where the previous installment left off .
The only real problem with Scream 4 - which wo n't be an issue for series fans - is that it 's a bit too Screamy for its own good .
But in the end it makes a lot of noise about challenging genre stereotypes and clichés but then is too lazy and simple-minded to do anything but fall victim to them .
Boring , derivative and killed its own gimmick within the first five minutes .
11 years later after the last film , it 's still worth a fun trip to travel back to Woodsboro and see who makes it out alive .
Craven and Williamson ca n't let go of the original stars , whose sullen characters and cruise control performances add a layer of dullness on top of the by-the-numbers scares .
A film that 's both frightening and hilarious .
If you ask someone ` What 's your favorite scary movie ? ' and they answer Scream 4 , they are a **** ing *** hole .
A smug , arch , irritating thing that hates its audience , hates genre films , and , curiously , hates itself most of all .
Watching it feels like watching an aged retiree rouse himself for one more round of golf .
If you like the tricks and the jolts and the jokes of the Scream series , you 'll have fun at Scream 4 , which immediately plunges the audience into a funhouse-mirror of suspense mixed with self-reflexive humor and does n't let up .
Craven guides us expertly down a series of blind , bloody alleys , a journey that 's more pleasurable than frustrating . On account of his steady hand , the last act is as good as could be expected : skillfully conceived and entertaining in its preposterousness
Still , I think it might be time to finally put the Scream series in its grave . At least that way it will go out on a high note . And is n't that what we all want ?
Scream was snarky , insightful , and sorta cool . Scream 4 is a aging hypocrite with delusions of insight .
Scream 4 is n't the embarrassment one fears from such a belated return to a sleeping franchise . But it 's neither scary nor inventive enough to warrant its existence .
This sequel 's requisite film geek character keeps espousing the idea that reboots are nothing more than lame , tired rip-offs of the original . Scream 4 seems to have been made entirely to prove that point .
The fresh bloom may have faded from the series but Scream 4 is still smart , amusing and more entertaining than the average horror film .
This installment is nowhere near the hip , serrated-edge blast of newness the original was in 1996 . Suddenly , it 's the horror thriller that , like , your parents are excited about .
Scream 4 is a total hoot . Assuming you can find the humor in knife stabbings .
Compared with so many of the rebooted slasher flicks , Scream 4 remains a cut above . No , that is not an intended pun .
On its own terms , Scre4m is pretty good .
It 's not perfect , but it 's good , scary fun , a fourth installment that any franchise would be proud to call its own .
A perfectly acceptable Friday night , Scream 4 delivers plenty of scares without consequences , murder without depth , and a flood of legacy laughs .
Even if you 're a fan , you can feel the franchise fatigue setting in .
But nothing in the film is scarier than Rory Culkin 's eerie resemblance to 1960s creepy-crooner Tiny Tim .
Fun and forgettable , Scream 4 is simply another piece of popcorn in the sequel snack pack .
While it never fully realizes its intriguing ending - thematically or dramatically - there 's a savage critique of our obsession with unearned celebrity and an honest , if too gentle , admission that franchise filmmaking is often worthy of mockery .
The plot buried beneath all the narrative playfulness has a fleeting , pedestrian feel .
Between a diabolically funny start and a surprise climax , Scream 4 offers nothing more than a series of gory deaths that grow tiresome with repetition .
In many ways , Scream 4 is exactly the kind of dumb , mechanical slasher movie that Scream was talking about .
Not even the smug irony endures -- it 's hard to congratulate yourself for being in on a stale joke .
If this proves to be the last in the series , it 's a bloody shame it ended not with a Scream but a whimper .
In a world of cash-grubbing reboots , remakes and an endless assembly line of self-serious Saw sequels , that love of the genre earns it a welcome return .
Scream 4 ? More like a wheeze .
`` Scream '' always made fun of itself even as it was frightening us - and that has n't changed a bit .
Like the previous `` Scream '' movies , `` 4 '' also has a decent handle on what 's ridiculous about slasher-film conventions .
Relying on obvious clichés does n't seem ironic anymore , just easy . And though there are several genuine jolts , poor pacing leaves too much time between the silliness and scares .
The problem is , the movie does n't really care if we are laughing with it or at it .
The body count is high , as is Craven 's determination to make us smile occasionally as the blood spurts .
The `` Scream 4 '' -LRB- I refuse to write it the other way anymore -RRB- drinking game : Take a slug every time someone on-screen remarks how meta it all is .
The best of the Scream sequels ...
The movie constantly stays on its toes .
This one is so insistently self-reflexive that watching it is like watching a snake eating itself -- it is interesting to watch for a while but there is nothing left to hold onto once it finishes its mildly nauseating task .
How easily self-reference can veer into accurate self-criticism .
Wes Craven proves yet again that he has the ability to bounce back and offer a bloody slice of entertainment as well-made as most of the films he has inspired in the decades since his debut .
The best Scream since the original .
Like its predecessors , `` Scream 4 '' replaces the values of storytelling and suspense with the value of being in on the joke . Unfortunately , in the 11 years since `` Scream 3 , '' the joke has gotten pretty old .
The filmmakers ' subtext - at least in the movie 's first quarter - seems to acknowledge that you ca n't top the original . And they did n't .
`` Scream 4 '' is a strange concoction , clever and self-knowing in the extreme and yet operating in primal ways that bypass wit . Something about it feels very modern .
The meta-nature of this film 's constant self analysis makes it impossible to suspend disbelief , but Craven relies on this , harvesting laughs and gasps in equal measure .
Well paced and shrewdly written , Scream 4 works just fine as both a whodunnit and a who 's - gonna-get-it-next .
Though director Wes Craven and screenwriter Kevin Williamson do n't quite generate the lightning-in-a-bottle energy that made their first Scream movie a hit , they manage to awaken a 15-year-old slasher franchise that has been dormant for a decade .
This is quite effective as horror filmmaking and more pungent than anything -LSB- Craven 's -RSB- done in a while .
`` Scream 4 '' finds a way to live up to its gory past while it carves out new terrors in new ways -LRB- new media helps -RRB- .
Regardless of how badly it goes in the home-stretch , it 's still worth seeing .
Fifteen years in , the series now looks more than ever like a Möbius strip that reflects on itself in a perpetual loop . But meta-arbitrary is still arbitrary .
... damned if they have n't managed to give an old saw a new twist ... The film 's a fun ride for those who remember the original fondly , but some of those jokes about the cutting room floor should have been taken to heart .
All Craven & Williamson have done is dress down their baby to resemble the lot of unnecessary remakes with no fresh take , personality-free actors and a finale so unsatisfying that one prays for all the dead to make one last appearance to yell April Fools .
Characters keep mentioning the trendy term `` reboot '' , but Scre4m is really just a rehash .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The sardonic laughs are mostly gone in this wheezing cash cow and the cries do n't resonate . The greatest shocks are the ones facing the now middle-aged main actors when they look into the mirror .
Craven no longer appears to be directing a cast of characters . Collectively , they 're a knife block .
Retaining all the elements introduced in the 1996 original -- gut-clenching tension , sharp whodunit plotting , self-aware humor and a sympathetic core cast -- it advances the story to a new-media era .
As a horror-comedy hybrid it brings some funny but not a whole lot of fear ; in other words , it 's very much like the original .
For genre geeks , this can be fun - although nothing in Scream 4 is quite as clever as the filmmakers seem to think it is .
`` Scream 4 '' gives lip service to the idea that DIY technology could make any killer his own Craven , but the idea languishes .
It 's exactly what a ` Scream ' sequel should be - fun , feisty and , after 11 years out of sight and mind , both refreshed and refreshing .
Better than the two previous sequels in large part due to the inspiration Kevin Williamson found to return to Woodsboro without ignoring everything that 's happened since the last movie .
Scream 4 is not without enjoyment . It 's good to see familiar characters back and the opening moments are quite spirited . But it 's a film about horror films without being a horror film itself .
Better than its anaemic predecessor in every single way , but no more , please .
Scream 4 may not be the best-made movie in Wes Craven 's series , but it is the most entertaining .
The actors do what they can in a film that does n't care about human insights . The characters are almost preternatural in their detachment ; if you were embedded in events like these , would n't you be paralyzed with panic ?
The Scream movies have always been clever . The problem is that they never move beyond cleverness .
Much has happened to movie horror since Wes Craven 's Scream franchise began calling its bluffs 15 years ago . It 's about time that another Scream flick came along to gouge the new cliches out of their sockets .
Bloody entertaining .
Wes Craven 's fourth installment in the `` Scream '' franchise is yet another scattershot postmodern comic play on the slasher sub-genre of horror . Still , it 's an improvement on the disgraceful `` Scream 3 . ''
Scream remains a highpoint of the slasher genre to this day . Scream 4 does n't achieve those heights , but for a third sequel it 's a hell of a lot better than it deserves to be .
It 's funny and scary at the same time , and fans will `` Scream '' with approval .
The perfect Scream film for the Charlie Sheen age , a bloated , overhyped folly trading the intelligence of its origins for empty calories and dull platitudes - or , as they call it in Hollywood , what the kidz want . #Winning , etc. .
Scream 4 will either fail your high expectations or go above your low ones . Whichever it is , just please do n't call it Scre4m .
Highly enjoyable with no great revelations , surprises or significant inventiveness , Scream 4 is still a fun and welcome visit from an old friend .
As fourquels go , Scream 4 is pretty decent , with strong performances , a knowing script and a superb final act , though it drags for long stretches in the middle and is never actually all that scary .
Succeeds on its own carefully prescribed terms as a piece of diversionary puzzlebox entertainment , but does n't pack the wallop of the best moments of its forebears .
At this point , the title should really be Shrug .
It 's almost really cool , without quite being really cool .
You 'll watch it to see a horror movie that has a sense of humor about itself . For `` Scream '' franchise fans , or for those who like their horror not too horrific , that 's enough .
Better than the woeful Scream 3 , partly thanks to the influx of new faces and the return of Williamson . But really it 's more of the same , as the franchise slips further towards total self-parody .
Written and directed by the Scream duo of Kevin Williamson and Wes Craven -LRB- who really should have known better -RRB- the film makes painfully clear just how tired and tedious self-referencing horror films have become .
The movie is at its best when it 's mocking - rather hilariously - the shameful condition of cinematic slashers . But it comes at a price . All that comedy and meta self-awareness totally deflates any tension .
There are few surprises to be had and even fewer intense and dare I say scream worthy moments .
I 'm too old for this movie . Scream 4 is for the internet generation , and I 've kept up as best I could , but I am simply not the person a movie about webcam and found footage is for . That 's for them .
Scream 4 has the perfect opening and then slowly declines to a slightly above average slasher flick . It could have used more scares and less self-aware satire shtick .
Boasts quite a few throwbacks from character details to visuals , but it is n't really a reboot , rather a reimagining and if you do n't mind the change in tone , it 's quite enjoyable .
Derivative , uninspired and painfully unconfident about its ability to scare audiences without the help of a phalanx of foley artists
It 's not a disgrace -- indeed , it 's not bad if you like that sort of thing -- while not particularly good , and yet it 's one of the better horror films I 've seen in a long time .
Against all odds , Scream 4 proves that sometimes you can go home again .
Honestly , it 's not an unwelcome thing to watch the return of Neve Campbell as the slasher victim who would n't die , Courtney Cox as the tabloid hack in bloodlust for a story and David Arquette as the bumbling Barney Fife of fright-flick cops .
The big question is , has the Scream franchise lost its relevance , especially to a new generation ? The answer is : No , but with qualifications .
The film very quickly , and tediously , becomes more of the same old and Craven thing -- self-referential film buff gags accompanied by a clockwork killing spree that seriously reduces the population of a small town .
It 's a giddy reminder of everything that made Scream such a fresh scream in the first place .
It 's a solid one , one that does the Scream brand proud , and it should inspire a new generation of moviegoers to think twice about picking up the phone when they 're home alone .
Overblown , overlong and overstuffed with genre self-referentialism , yet undercooked in terms of credibility , worthwhile new characters and memorable scares , it 's not the razor-sharp reboot fans were hoping for .
A self-aware riff on the futility of trying to recapture lightning in a bottle .
The entertaining Scream formula still works : When there 's a big shiny knife , the action never gets dull .
There are some awesome throwbacks to the original film , some terrific one-liners and blocks of dialogue referencing movie-lore that only Williamson could be responsible for , and , admittedly , it 's wonderful to see the original cast back .
It 's Craven 's best film since Scream 2 , back in 1997 , as the veteran horror director seems to flourish -LRB- Scream 3 aside -RRB- when telling a story of this sort and balancing the comedy and horror elements .
This self-referential movie is eager to appeal to viewers who were not even born when the first Scream came out , but it seldom finds the balance between scares and laughs , narrative and violence .
There is some fun here , but ultimately it 's more self-satisfied than anything else .
Defies all rules by being a post-trilogy sequel as vividly original and resourceful as any horror film released in years .
Scream 4 never meta horror scenario it did n't like .
Get ready to start dancing the Macarena again because Scream 4 is spearheading 90 's nostalgia with a vengeance .
My biggest grievance is that the movie lacks suspense when required .
The most telling aspect of this latest film is its conspicuous refusal to address the bottom-line cash-grab motivations of most slasher-saga follow-ups .
It 's a professionally polished package -- cinematographer Peter Deming frames the carnage beautifully in widescreen -- but do n't go in expecting scares so much as laughs .
Scream 4 feels to me like the most direct sequel to the first film , both thematically and stylistically ...
Wes Craven and screenwriter Kevin Williamson were triumphant in delivering a fresh , smart , twisted , and ultra-violent slasher sequel that will not only please fans of the original trilogy , but introduce an entire new generation of kids to horror .
it 's hard to tell if this new installment is a mere cash grab or the result of some manner of delusion
There are so many characters and bit parts , with a mystery bathed in relentless red herrings and half-baked false scares that it turns Scre4m into an episode of Murder , She Wrote outfitted in a push-up bra designed for A cups and a bit too much bronzer .
It 's a tired , overstuffed , overlong picture that labors to revitalize a comatose concept . The scream has effectively become a yawn .
Directed with the true eye of a horror master , with a smartly written script by the series ' creator , Kevin Williamson , `` Scream 4 '' is what a horror movie should be . Fun .
The unengaged and overlong fourth Scream plops its self-awareness on a new generation , who must endure a late - '90s flashback that 's aged as well as the Nu-metal songbook .
The best horror films have always reflected the times . The provocative , energising Scream 4 , however , goes one better : it does n't just mirror the times , it boldly refutes them , throwing down a big , bad middle finger salute to a world gone seemingly crazy .
An entertaining albeit flawed return to form from horror maestro Wes Craven , Scream 4 packs as much wit as it does bloodshed .

@highlight

The franchise is showing its age , but Scream 4 is undeniably an improvement over its predecessor , with just enough meta humor and clever kills .