The film does not feel like it gives sufficient exploration of the temptation of Christ , but there is no denying the deep spirituality and thought-provoking nature of it .
A visually powerful film that seeks to be a deeply human reading of man . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that shows simplicity when its background is very complex . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie advances towards a synthetic , resonant , terrestrial and enigmatic epilogue that raises the scope of this paradoxical secular film about faith . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A symbolic and almost parabolic story that walks through the most intimate of the Gospels supported by Lubezki 's photography . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A realistic approach to a dark period of the life of Jesus of Nazareth , endowed with an unusual humanism , with the intention of inviting to contemplation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The seventh film from an appreciable artisan as Garcia is as risky as personal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though fails to create a deep psychological study of a character as attractive as Jesus , Garcia 's film is an honest meditation about loneliness , the dilemmas of freedom , obedience and filial responsibility . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that stops too much in contemplation , imposing a distance between the character and the viewer , however , the beautiful landscape and exquisite photography are very enjoyable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Do n't think about it as a religious film because it could keep you away from a pleasant surprise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is simple and primal , with unadorned , plainspoken yet eloquent dialogue and a story that plays like an enigmatic parable with no easy answers to Yeshua 's questions .
Last Days in the Desert drags a little too long , but is interesting in its consideration of Jesus as a man , not only a religious figure .
Director of photography Emmanuel Lubezki -- the person who gave you vertigo in Gravity and froze your cheeks in The Revenant -- makes the desert throb with spirituality .
Though Last Days In The Desert is n't a new perspective , that does n't mean it 's not moving , especially in bringing out the loneliness underlying the messiah complex .
A promising exercise in a style of film-making I 'd like to see more of , but it 's a promise somewhat unfulfilled .
Last Days in the Desert is a Jesus story that plays well for the nonfaithful who nevertheless appreciate the example of Jesus and his teachings .
Yet another meditation on the Jesus story .
The film is so slow and distant it 's more likely to test one 's patience than their faith .
Directed with admirable patience and spaciousness by Garcia ... Last Days achieves something very few Jesus films have achieved : Strangeness .
Beautiful to look at , Last Days in the Desert still feels nearly as empty as the land Jesus is traversing .
McGregor pulls off the trick of making two iconic figures register as flesh-and-blood characters .
A middling compromise between Terrence Malick-style meditation and Last Temptation of Christ-like spiritual probing
The performances feel unadorned by affect or any contrivance . It 's simply the emotions and the words that matter , offered up to contemplate in a meditative cinematic state .
McGregor 's Jesus is one of contemplation , introspection , and quiet frustration and his Demon is nearly an exact mirror of Jesus himself , representing the potential for Him to carve out a different path-one in which he denies his Father .
Thought-provoking drama wrestles with faith relatably .
At a time when cynical , pandering ` faith-based ' movies have gained an extraordinary foothold at the box office , it should be exhilarating to see a genuinely provocative movie about the trials and tribulations of Jesus Christ . It is n't .
`` Last Days in the Desert '' soon expands into a meditation on such themes as fathers and sons , family responsibilities , trust , destiny and death ...
Is it scripture ? No . Is it flawed , struggling , human ? Yes .
Last Days in the Desert is a work of reflection on the burden of the unanswerable .
Ultimately `` Last Days in the Desert '' never quite hits its stride as either an art piece or a biblical variation .
The quiet beauty of the film adds a meditative power .
A quietly compelling portrait of the human side of Jesus , wrestling with his doubts while wandering through the Judean desert .
Cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki , who used only available light , imbues the rugged landscape with an otherworldly majesty .
Last Days in the Desert is the most intelligent , engaging film about Jesus since The Last Temptation of Christ .
Garcia 's reluctance to go overboard supernaturally , and his commitment to relative good taste -- save for one fart joke , not kidding -- take an already lean parable and render it stingy .
No matter what I tried , I could not , can not and never will be able to see Ewan McGregor as Jesus Christ .
Last Days in the Desert accomplishes something that too few modern films about religion even attempt to grasp : faith and mortality are inextricable , from the early sequences of the Bible to the crucifixion and onward .
This wo n't be for everyone .
Garcia has managed the extraordinary with `` Last Days in the Desert , '' infusing one of the world 's most familiar stories with the genuine shock of the new .
The core of the film , the beauty of it , and the spirit of it are what I wish religious movies would be about . Scratch that . It 's what I wish all movies would be about .
As encouraging as it is to see a religious movie that does n't turn on an alternately cloying and fiery insistence that miracles , heaven , and/or God do factually exist , it 's hard not to wonder how much there really is to Last Days In The Desert .
Last Days In The Desert weaves a biblical tale with fictitious roots , and finds just enough success in McGregor 's Jesus vs. Devil head-butting .
Both as parable and personal drama , the film leaves something to be desired .
At first it looks like it 's going to be less ` The Young Messiah ' and more `` Gerry ' but with Jesus . '
McGregor is actor enough to make all the open-to-interpretation interior drama compelling . As Jesus labors and listens , the suspense becomes not what he 'll do next but what he 's thinking and feeling .
Unquestionably difficult viewing , taken on its own terms it can be a bracing , rewarding experience .
It 's never made clear how witnessing a family deal with their specific issues affects Jesus 's own perspective on his destiny .
The story turns the Messiah into a family therapist who reveals his own neuroses in snippy exchanges with the Devil about their Father .
An immersive spiritual drama in which God speaks to Yeshua/Jesus through the world , his experiences , a family , and a Demon .
Replacing the kitschy pieties of Son of God with art-house arthritis and a fretful string section does n't go far toward revivifying the Greatest Story Every Retold .
Rodrigo García 's beautiful , spare drama can frustrate as much as it allures with meditations on finding meaning in one 's life -LRB- and beyond -RRB- .
` Last Days in the Desert ' is a surprising treat that has the careful wisdom of knowing that there 's no blame in the disconnect between fathers and sons , sons and fathers . That is universal , regardless of faith .
... I found the idea of Last Days in the Desert more interesting than the film itself .
It 's a thoughtful , beautifully shot film that respects its characters .
A notable cinematic exercise that revolves around Jesus Christ in a creative way that takes some liberties with the known story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
McGregor 's dual role allows him to play to his strengths - open-faced amiability as Yeshua , and glinty mischief as the rather sympathetic Devil figure - and Hinds is marvellous .
So pared down , so sure in its aesthetic , and so expertly performed , that it glides past most of the pitfalls of contemporary Biblical adaptations .
Remarkably fresh and unprecedented .
The director 's restrained approach works wonders in terms of atmosphere ... But García 's cautiousness clogs up the human drama .
Garcia 's take , however beautiful physically , is intellectually opaque and creatively cautious , leaving the interested viewer , whether or not a believer , with much to wonder about but little to actually chew on .
Garcia strips the New Testament versions of Christ 's wandering to their mythic bones , and from them grows a slender fable of fathers and sons , mystery and grace .
An admirable and touching picture , `` Last Days In The Desert '' can be deeply moving in moments , but as restrained and elegant as it is , the picture never quite transcends .
If `` Last Days in the Desert '' was just an empty vessel , it would be worth watching because it 's so beautifully shot and so well acted . But it 's rich with both ideas and empathy .
A very special story that captures the imagination and challenges the mind .
A smart and beautiful meditation of fathers and sons -LRB- and the Father and Son -RRB- that is slow but never boring .
Arresting visuals and a magnificent performance by Ewan McGregor make this a cut above most religious fare .
Ewan McGregor 's dual performance as Jesus and his demonic tormenter ensures that Last Days In The Desert never loses track of its grace and humility .
A quietly captivating and remarkably beautiful account of Jesus ' time in the wilderness before the beginning of his ministry .

@highlight

Last Days in the Desert offers enough stately grandeur and spiritual exploration to offset an occasionally ambiguous narrative .