good fun to watch the bad guys drop like flies
Bad big screen adaptation of comic book .
Standard , styleless revenge fantasy .
Despite some admittedly strong moments it 's certainly nothing special and barely above ordinary .
If you thought `` Daredevil '' was lousy , then you 'll be thoroughly irritated by the asleep-at-the-wheel pacing of the story of the Punisher 's origin .
Yet another trophy in Marvel 's movie gallery ...
A true study in the pathology of sadism that 's also one of the best action films in years .
A comic-book-movie-that-pretends-it 's - not that falls between stools .
There 's something to be said for letting a comic book adaptation operate at the level of a comic book , dispensing cheap laughs and ice-cold sadism .
We are treated to John Travolta in yet another gloriously unconvincing evil guy role as ... a cross between Hugh Hefner and his own Tony Manero from Saturday Night Fever .
Listless , lifeless , uninterestingly bleak and quite often ridiculous .
Ultimately , Frank 's victim - to-vigilante transformation is so morally unexplored it 's emotionally alienating .
The biggest guilty pleasure of 2004 . An entertaining throwback to the kind of hardcore vigilante films Charles Bronson used to star in .
The Punisher opens itself up to ridicule in so many different ways I get giddy pondering all of them .
It could make you cry , laugh or just shout out for more bloody violence , but regardless of your reaction , you 're going to love it .
The Punisher is Commando with an identity crisis .
Run of the mill revenge proped up with a couple of good fights and a singing assassin .
Ungainly and grim , the movie is loaded with comic-book heroic clichés and explosive effects -LRB- the surfeit just turns silly by film 's end -RRB- .
This reactionary revenger will bring real satisfaction to fans of Bush 's foreign policy -- but probably not to anybody else .
I enjoyed this film because I took it with a grain of salt and viewed it as a comedy . If you 're looking to see a serious thriller , this is not it .
A comicbook action movie with an unpleasant edge .
Revenge , they say , is a dish best served cold . Leftovers like this do n't count .
Marvel 's first serious misstep for a while , this is a clunky set-up for a sequel that should never come .
Not great , but nowhere near as bad as it could have been , thanks to an occasionally witty script and strong performances from Jane and Travolta .
The Punisher is mildly entertaining , for all the wrong reasons
There are plenty of moments in the film that betray the talent of the people behind it , but they 're sporadic at best -- unsustainable over long distances .
As the Punisher , a beefed-up Jane does his best to channel Charles Bronson and Steve McQueen , but the movie keeps smoothing out the character 's rough edges .
Immediately forgettable .
Revela-se corajoso ao levar o espectador a perceber que , depois de tantos esforços , Castle não alcança a paz de espírito que procurava .
La cinta resulta demasiado oscura para ser un producto devenido del mundo de los comics .
it may be cinematic punishment for the Denzel crowd , but this is a low-brow blast for the rest of us schlock-lovers
Was `` The Punisher '' worth the price of admission ? Not in any conceivable way . Would I see it again ? Have n't I been punished enough ?
Unfortunately , people who make movies about The Punisher comic book character always seem to do so without having read the freaking thing .
True to its name , `` The Punisher '' is indeed a punishing experience ...
Asks us to justify sadistic brutality simply because the central character is the designated ` good guy ' .
I 'm pleasantly surprised to say that it could have been a lot worse - which is what I fully expected it to be .
Essentially , `` The Punisher '' turns John Travolta into a diva . If he were n't in a suit , he 'd be in `` Connie & Carla . ''
Tolerable junk if viewed in the right frame of mind .
The Punisher is a guy whose every bomb goes off , whose strategies of decimation never fail , who gets shot , beaten to a pulp and pulls together as only a comic strip hero can .
This is a revenge story told straightforwardly and economically , but with a lot of memorable character all its own .
Although the character 's methods may not be admirable , Jane 's execution is perfect .
Whoever first had the big idea of revisiting this material should be hung up by his Buster Browns and forced to watch the result -- then he 'll know what ` punishment ' means .
` yu guz are dead yu runned punnishur the most awsome comik ever i wil sent frak cassel aftr yu to puniss yu for wut yu did !!!!!! '
A sadistic action movie in which the body count is exceeded only by the number of times the hero bares his chest .
There is n't a moment in The Punisher that is n't borrowed or stolen from another movie .
The Punisher '' is a film so bad - it actually becomes fun to watch .
There 's something to be said for the mere existence of a comic-book movie that is n't dependent on CGI effects to tell its story .
Mismanages its greatest asset : an unusual embarrassment of camp riches .
While The Punisher may not be a particularly good film , it is a particularly important one .
Take the skull t-shirt away and The Punisher could be any cookie cutter revenge flick .
`` The Punisher '' does n't know what it wants to be .
An unrelenting assault on good taste and intelligence .
Basically special effects-free , The Punisher portrays violence with unflinching realism .
... a lot of fun .
Good first try , hopefully the sequel will be a little less violent .
-LSB- S -RSB- uffering is the whole point of the story . That may make viewers who have n't disengaged all of their higher thought processes somewhat uncomfortable .
A fun actioner that delivers per expectations .
We knew Marvel Comics was going to toss out an indisputable turkey one of these days . They 've just given us the gobbler to beat .
The Punisher is such a bad film that it becomes inadvertently entertaining .
Insane , fey villain , steely-eyed avenger -- should n't Steven Seagal be starring in this ? And if he were , would I even have wasted THIS much space writing about it ?
By the time The Punisher reaches its depressing conclusion , one is more likely to feel unclean about the whole experience than to walk away with an adrenaline rush .
Gets us lost early in the first half-hour and never succeeds in completely luring us in .
Another comic book blow-up posturing to be the next big action franchise .
Although the concept is old , The Punisher puts some clever variations on the vigilante theme .
action junkies , like myself , will feel like they 've been duped
For fans of vigilante justice , The Punisher is a guilty pleasure . A very guilty pleasure . We 're talking moral , intellectual and judicial culpability here , folks .
Hensleigh 's direction is heinous . He even stoops to having thunder and lightning crash at the exact moment a dramatic point is being hammered home .
The pleasure we take in -LSB- the Punisher 's -RSB- inability to resist his basest instincts is like taking a bite of deliciously dark chocolate : probably bad for us , definitely bitter , but still sweet and stimulating .
A film that is n't sure whether it wants to be smart-alecky or gritty .
The graphic nature of the violence that makes The Punisher hard to recommend without serious caveats .
This is an improvement over the unspeakable 1989 Punisher with Dolph Lundgren , but too often just seems like an unintentional parody .
An entertaining , if silly , film adaptation of the Marvel comic .
While Hensleigh 's film is faithful to its source , quoting it freely , it feels more like a flesh-and-blood Peckinpah movie than another filmed comic .
There are a couple of decently staged fight scenes , but there 's no visceral charge to this visually undistinguished and monotonously formulaic action film .
In order for The Punisher to really work , its big payoff has to be the Punisher 's Monte Christo dismantling of Saint . As played by Travolta -- mincing , vain , whiny -- this villain simply does n't hold up .
The Punisher is Hollywood 's second attempt to interpret Marvel Comics ' black-clad vigilante , and it 's hard to see why the town keeps bothering .
It may be pulp , but at least it 's good solid pulp .
It actually makes the 1989 version -LRB- starring Dolph Lundgren -RRB- look pretty good by comparison .
For those who can stomach two hours of brain-dead brutality , the film has more laughs than most comedies .
Tom Jane is a great-looking Punisher , darkly handsome and chiseled , even if the movie goes nowhere with the character .
If the recent Hellboy suggested how good comic book-inspired movies can be , The Punisher illustrates how dreary they usually are .
-LSB- The Punisher 's -RSB- brooding , even suicidal moments are decently handled . It is most of the rest of the movie that is a disaster .
A flatline affair from beginning to end , The Punisher is painfully dull , offering no characters , actions , scenes or special effects of note .
A brainless revenge-thriller that thinks it is smarter and more clever than it actually is .
Hensleigh , co-writer with Michael France , makes the paint-by-numbers of organized-crime movies look fresh by tapping good actors and sleek camera work .
The Punisher is so grim and cheerless , you wonder if even its hero gets any satisfaction from his accomplishments .
Thrill-less garbage that aspires to franchisehood .
Oh , it 's a punisher all right .
An OK example of the genre .
A movie as one-dimensional as its antihero .
The Punisher does n't rise to the top of an ever-growing , comic-book movie heap .
Frank Castle , the character , is nothing more than a weapon , a gun that keeps going off till its chamber is empty . When he 's spent , so 's the movie -- but not the audience , which could n't care less about anyone on the screen .
This whole movie seems to be a cry for help -- or I should say , punishment .
An overemphatic revenge fantasy devoid of even a trace of excitement or wit .
Thomas Jane is just wooden and buff enough to pull off the role .
A wildly uneven adaptation of the crudely appealing , ultra-violent Marvel comic .
This franchise is already out of ammo .
This remake is such a nasty , brutish wallow in sadism and homophobia that laughing at it is never an option ; one can only gape in dumbfounded horror .
Failure , that 's definitely the word . But from an audience perspective , the title 's fairly apt as well .
I do n't remember the Dolph Lundgren movie all that well ... Of course , this is a movie about characters , plot and tone , so it 's no comparison to a straight to video B movie .
If this is going to become a franchise , somebody better send Jane to charm school , and pronto .
... just the right mix of comic book poeticism , violence and comedy .
`` The Punisher '' has bad acting , bad directing , and a bad script . But at the end of the day `` The Punisher '' is an entertaining , brainless , b-grade action film .
The Punisher is to superhero movies what the White Stripes are to arena rock .
The Punisher is not a good movie .
The comic-book tone is quickly supplanted by cruel scenes of torture and horrible revenge
-LSB- Thomas Jane -RSB- delivers a gritty performance that 's entirely believable ...
It 's not a punishment to sit through this movie -LRB- well , it might be to some people who hate comic-book action films -RRB- , but it 's not quite the reward it could be .
For a film about bloody revenge , `` The Punisher '' is about as mean-spirited as a box of `` Hello Kitty '' stickers .
The Punisher should n't be this silly even for a comic book film brought to life .
To say that the film redeems this genre from recent semi-lapses like Hellboy is an understatement .
It 's dark and gritty and even a little tawdry , pushing ... deep into Death Wish territory , which is exactly as it should be .
Thanks to Thomas Jane 's carefully-oiled muscles and John Travolta 's huffy hair-flipping , ` The Punisher ' supplies your daily minimum requirements of both beefcake and ham .
Where 's Dolph Lundgren when you need him ?
Comic book revenge fantasy would have to struggle to hit two dimensions -- and why is Thomas Jane on board ?
The Punisher 's world is a world of pain . That 's about the only insight one can take away from this ... -LSB- otherwise , it 's -RSB- not much more than a straightforward revenge movie .
Fails on any number of cinematic levels .
A strange and violent blend of silliness and sadism .
Travolta is terrific as a bad guy , making Saint almost sympathetic . His co-stars however , flounder in a sea of bad lines , with poor Romijn-Stamos getting stuck with the worst .
Long , unfocused film .
The Mafia slaughtered my family and all I got was this stupid T-shirt .
The Punisher is a shame , an example of a good story turned to crap .
The fight scenes are , well , punishing , well-staged but so brutal that they throw the thin plot out of balance .
Pic plays like a paint-by-numbers pilot for bygone basic-cable teleseries .
Trashy and disturbingly violent yet fairly zippy and amusingly cast .
A sickeningly manipulative , by-the-numbers revenge movie .
It 's hard to imagine how anyone could sit through this thing except squirming critics and violence addicts in need of a particularly gruesome fix .
Its lack of subtlety is clearly a point of pride , and Mr. Hensleigh 's flat-footed , hard-punching style has a blunt ferocity that makes Kill Bill look like In the Bedroom .
Not long into the movie , you 'll be checking your watch , wondering when your punishment will end .
-LSB- Hensleigh has -RSB- made a film that is less self-consciously operatic , something that has both the visual flairand the lean , determined drive of Old School comics .
For an action movie written and directed by a guy who has written a lot of lively flicks , The Punisher is surprisingly inactive , full of long , slow stretches punctuated by perfunctory car chases , shoot-outs and-or fist fights .
A ridiculously violent revenge story with no redeeming value .
This is not a very good movie , but it 's fun -- intentionally , and not . Rather consistently uneven .
Jane is a decent actor , but this is not a part which calls for acting .
By the end , the Punisher 's greatest adversaries emerge as an unwelcome trio known as jokey , hokey and hammy .
The most entertaining scenes focus on the lovable louts and losers who share the boardinghouse where the protagonist -- based on a comic-book character billed as a superhero without superpowers -- prepares his grisly exploits . The rest is mayhem .
He 's The Punisher , he fights bad guys , and he blows stuff up . That 's my kind of movie .
As the violence takes over , we are left with a protagonist whose genius for sadism makes the villains look like schoolboys pulling the wings off flies .
Acted and directed with conviction .
As an action film , The Punisher thrills with scenes of spectacular violence and death .
No , The Punisher is n't pretty . But , like its low-rent superhero , it gets the job done and then some .
For such a formulaic vigilante film , The Punisher has a far better cast than it deserves .
-LSB- Hensleigh 's -RSB- trying to pack in too much and the density clogs the narrative machinery .
In this by-the-numbers payback melodrama , even the explosions seem half-hearted .
Hensleigh wants to make a hard-ass , old-school vigilante drama à la Death Wish , but there 's no visceral charge to his bloodletting , or any sense that what Castle is doing is really for the betterment of society .
In a case study of how to screw up a simple , powerful revenge story , director Jonathan Hensleigh punishes audiences with an unbearably sluggish action movie that requires the word ` action ' to be placed in quotes .
The ad for it claims , The Punishment Begins April 16 . And boy , does it . About 1 hour , 59 minutes worth of punishment .
Un désastre . The Punisher échoue sur absolument toute la ligne .
Sleek , sexy , savage and entirely too serious about itself ... that 's `` The Punisher '' in a nutshell ... but three out or four ai n't bad .
Think of what might happen if someone grafted parts of Batman and Robin onto The Crow , and you 'll have an idea of how unpalatable The Punisher is .
A revenge scenario so simple it could have been created on a playground .
The film 's attempts at noir nastiness are sabotaged by Jane 's goofy furrowed-brow performance and solemn voice-over narration .
A moronically inept and tedious piece of death-wish trash .
In The Punisher you 'll find a kind of Gotham-styled urban-hued Deathwish-y story , welded to a rich chromium frame of comic book anti-heroes and logic .
It 's slickly solemn and about 20 minutes too long , but the violence is staged with style and photographed is bright , vivid colors .
Edgy , dark , and menacing .
After enduring this long ode to cruelty , you 'll feel punished .
When it 's good , which is not often enough , it 's a kitschy delight exploring the wilder shores of nihilism and true love . When it 's bad , though , yikes .
Aptly titled : it 's punishingly long , slow and tepid , as flat and glossy as any issue of the comic ... a long-winded , curiously unexciting revenge fantasy .
... ca n't begin to measure up to the popcorn vengeance of Mel Gibson 's Payback or the moody , provocative , primal reprisal of Steven Soderbergh 's The Limey .
Alternating between hammy melodrama and rabble-rousing scenes of graphic violence , it 's dishonest entertainment for adult-age children .
Constantly prods and provokes , hitting certain emotional notes and asking why we reacted the way we did ... One of the most thoughtful comic book adaptations I have ever seen .
I miss Dolph Lundgren .
Laudably exposes the dark core of the human heart .
The problem is that the movie is played utterly serious , but keeps tripping over the world of the cliché and ridiculous .





@highlight

A good cast fails to elevate this overly violent and by-the-numbers revenge flick .