Perhaps one of the most striking works of art about the Holocaust yet made .
Son Of Saul is unmissable either for those interested in the subject or in potent film-making .
If I 'm honest , I 'll admit that the film works on a purely visceral level .
It gives you too little information to answer questions you may have .
Son of Saul is as grim as you 'd expect from such material , but it is also resolutely affirming .
Nemes is n't able to place us directly in Saul 's shoes , but we can more than imagine living in his skin , feeling the pain - literal and metaphoric - and seeing , up close and personal , the shape he 's in .
Under any other circumstances , Saul 's devotion to his mission might seem baffling . But , then , as any camp survivor can tell you , hell requires it own sense of logic .
Son of Saul is a masterwork that leads viewers right to the gates of hell .
Although it is emotionally and thematically overwhelming throughout , Son of Saul is undeniably essential viewing .
It 's a story of a man who fights for triumph in the worst of circumstances , a parable about how the slightest glimmer of light can give those engulfed by tragedy a renewed sense of life .
Catapulted into confusion it 's Saul we cling to , and it 's a grasp which never looks to loosen .
A film to make your blood run cold , Nemes ' first-person account of life , and death , in a concentration camp contains horrors you ca n't - and should n't - unsee .
It is a film set quite literally in the voiceless pits of hell . Harrowing .
Nemes shows the horrors of the Holocaust instead of an entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Important as it is essential , the movie is a remarkable achievement deserving of every honor and ounce of acclaim it has so far achieved , watching it a catastrophically profound experience I 'm not soon to forget .
Of the countless films about World War II , Son of Saul is a truly unique piece of cinema that shows the horror of the Holocaust with restraint and control .
Unlike most Holocaust movies , Son of Saul does n't go out of its way to show you the horrors ; in this -LSB- film -RSB- , the atrocities pile up in the corners , on the edges , often out-of-focus or , worse , via the film 's human score of whispers , screams and gasps .
There 's no arguing its technical achievements , its star performance , its powerful story , or its greatness as a film .
Son of Saul reaches a new kind of complex emotional height I 've rarely experienced .
Frankly , Son of Saul might be most effective if viewers are not fully briefed on what to expect .
A modern masterpiece , full of awe and pathos , and justly sworn to a cause that reveals more about ourselves than we might be willing to deal with in isolation .
... an overwhelming , numbing , confusing experience by design .
This is not comfortable viewing , but the film is the better for it .
A painful and pessimist film that 's not easy to watch , but at the same time has an irrevocable human factor in it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's difficult to imagine a new way of approaching that topic , but writer-director Laszlo Nemes has come up with something that 's staggeringly powerful in its simplicity , as he closely follows a tenacious man over two days at Auschwitz in 1944 .
It 's an extraordinary method of making this unfathomable act personal , a formalist experiment that yields stunning emotional dividends .
It 's a rarely expressed side of an oft-told story that proves simple , harrowing and effective .
The whole film is a crushing experience , giving you very little chance to regain perspective .
Nigh on unmissable .
It 's unsettling and unforgettable .
One of the year 's most powerful , unforgettable films .
It is relentless , horrifying , and skilfully implies the endless carnage going on in the background while driving forward a simple but powerful narrative which proves that , even in hell , you never stop being a parent .
A film that plunges you , shoulder height , into the horrors of Auschwitz-Birkenau during the final days of the war .
The film manages to complete it 's goal : to show that humans can be death machines , but that in the end , there 's always hope . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has sometimes been suggested that there 's little more to be said , in cinematic terms , -LSB- about the Holocaust -RSB- ... . The single-minded power and visceral immediacy of Nemes 's achievement , rightly acclaimed and awarded , prove otherwise .
A difficult watch ... but essential viewing .
An intense , immersive experience that harrowingly but respectfully explores the personal and public horrors of the Holocaust .
In a time in cinema when you would think the subject feels tired , Nemes shifts the usual victimization and gives us a raw and horrifying story of a particularly dark moment of history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story about morsels of humanity rescued from an unspeakable hell . If there 's a film to feel trapped in , this is it .
I can only say the film is , by its own measure , a triumph . Engineered with virtuoso skill , every moment screams You Are Here . And here is hell .
a remarkable and unsettling drama
It 's hard to adequately describe the magnitude of László Nemes ' harrowing debut .
Unthinkable as it seems , there is a glimmer of light in this appalling darkness , infinitesimal yet inextinguishable . Ultimately , it is that glimmer which makes Son of Saul so traumatic .
An often gut-wrenching work of precocious mastery , it 's as close as the cinema has ever been to the middle of the Holocaust . If you can bear it , you will not soon forget it .
Powerful WWII concentration camp film is horrific , violent .
Wrenching not just because of its bereft story but because Nemes gives us as a guide a man who may be broken beyond repair .
-LSB- Son of Saul -RSB- has moulded the Nazi death camp testimony into a first-person narrative experiment unlike any other fiction film before it .
Even if you 're sick and tired of Holocaust movies , make room for this one .
Son of Saul manages to bring the horror home in a fresh way .
It 's true that Son of Saul does n't fall prey of Spielbergian sentimentalism ; a pyrrhic victory for a film whose only trick is creating a -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A renovation of this subgente dedicated to the tragic historical event . -LSB- Full revirew in Spanish -RSB-
Eventually it makes us forget the horrible real world it portrays , charming us with flashes of lyricism and high-octane action . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if we 've seen this subect many times in the past , Son of Saul shows it in a different light , full of horror and suffering , but also a glim of hope . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is no pleasure or confort in this film , but Nemes is skilled and honest enough to show us the real horrors of the Hollocaust . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Son of Saul is a sober cinematic aide-mémoire that lives and breathes with the testimony of a thousand others .
If the monstrously terrible scale of the Holocaust makes it impossible to truly understand ... now the Hungarian feature Son of Saul offers a gripping new perspective .
It 's hard to overpraise Son of Saul . It is one of the greatest films ever made .
I think Son Of Saul tries a little too hard , its mechanism too obvious , and the film can also feel like a manipulative pummeling .
The accrual of small details adds immeasurably to this film 's nightmarish tone .
A challenge , but a rewarding one .
A stunning cinematic achievement .
Daring for some , opportunist to others , Nemes knows what he wants to say and how to say it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sober and impecable tale . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Nemes has said his goal was to tell a Holocaust story `` without projecting postwar emotions or emotions codified in film . '' I think it 's safe to say the filmmaker has created an unforgettably fresh hell .
This cinematic style grows tiring after the first hour , but at the same time it is the only way that this film could have been shot and is the most important feature in making the film unforgettable .
It 's a considerable and calculating task , and one that Son Of Saul handles commandingly .
Laszlo Nemes ' Oscar-winning Son of Saul is as experimental as mainstream narrative cinema gets , and as bold .
Géza Röhrig , a poet who has never acted before , gives an extraordinary performance in the lead role .
Saul 's progress is a tour of a factory of death .
A razor-sharp treatment of one Jewish prisoner 's mission of mercy in a World War II concentration camp .
Saul is no hero , and there 's no victory to be won here against the grinding machine of genocide . There 's only a small act of hope , a flame that has n't yet been snuffed out .
The brute force is punishing , but there 's real moral and intellectual rigour behind it .
A beautiful , exciting and accurate portrayal of the ambivalence of human nature in hostile situations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that will leave you breathless . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
To say that this is a challenging experience is an understatement .
Easily one of the most intimate and harrowing Holocaust films yet made .
A new take on Auschwitz that defies the spectator 's passiveness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The thrilling action scenes and chase sequences make Son of Saul a roller coaster of emotions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This work is not just an important film ; it is also deeply human and deeply moving .
Nemes , in his first feature , is a bold , experimental voice with a clear vision -- a filmmaker to watch and study for years to come .
It 's a harrowing reminder of exactly why we must never forget .
Did you think you had heard all the unbearable stories about the Holocaust ? You had n't . Hard to watch , but an essential installment of Holocaust cinema .
If you think that having seen your share of Holocaust movies you have seen them all , you are in for a surprise
Son of Saul is a disturbing film ; so intense is the feeling of claustrophobia that at times I felt I could not breathe
A towering landmark for filmic fictionalizations of the Holocaust .
... if the human brain is fooled by dreams , then surely making a movie like this one changes those involved . Nemes can not take us to Auschwitz , but he has tapped into something powerfully frightening .
One of the most devastating Holocaust movies I 've ever seen .
The result makes it possible to watch the unwatchable . And for this alone , Son of Saul is a rare accomplishment .
Though exhaustingly grim , it reminds the viewer that a moment in history this horrific should never , ever be forgotten .
`` Son of Saul '' is an unforgettable and visceral experience from first time director , Laszlo Nemes - stays with you long after it 's over .
Son of Saul is effective not necessarily because of its emotional story , but because of the way Nemes draws the audience into that story .
Formally riveting , emotionally shattering , and astonishingly confident .
Nemes ' prowling extended takes rarely feel like showy flourishes , instead creating a unique sense of the concentration camp as a physical space .
Nemes is unsparing -- almost merciless -- in his insistence that we go beyond merely bearing witness . He wants us to go deeper , to feel and hear and see , up close , what the prisoners of Auschwitz experienced .
Son of Saul 's achievement is to scrape away our benumbed awareness of the Final Solution in the abstract .
Brutal and brilliant , `` Son of Saul '' may be the most harrowing film ever made about the Holocaust , which should give you an idea of how hard it is to watch .
As a directorial debut the film is little short of astounding . It gives us one more reason to never forget .
The film is shot as if you were sitting on the Devil 's shoulder while touring Hell .
Hungarian writer-director László Nemes makes an extraordinary feature-length debut with this film , which requires us to put together bits of information and leaves us guessing at a few missing pieces .
This Oscar-nominated Hungarian film is a remarkable look at a single life in the Holocaust .
Nemes 's subjective approach means the attendant horrors of Saul 's existence - the bodies , fires , executions - are either out of focus or off-camera , suggesting Saul 's own psychological removal from the horror of his existence .
An appalling , overwhelming descent into the heart of the Holocaust .
You may have seen movies on the Holocaust , but you have never seen one like this .
A challenging but captivating protagonist , Saul is wisely presented not as a hero but as a casualty of Nazi evil . We can not embrace his mission , but there is something deeply moving in his quest to make his life meaningful .
`` Son of Saul '' is completely horrifying , and yet , we can not , and should not , look away .
It 's a disturbing look at this dark period of man 's inhumanity .
It 's a simple story , simply told of one man caught in a hopelessly desperate situation . Yet its moral is something worthy of all mankind 's attention .
A harrowing immersion into the lives of a lesser-known caste of prisoners in the camps . The film 's ultimate message , however , is a puzzle .
Son of Saul is a tremendous accomplishment of form -- from -LSB- László -RSB- Nemes ' intricate staging to Mátyás Erdély 's oppressive cinematography to -LSB- Géza -RSB- Röhrig 's performance .
May be the most visceral , intimate take on the Holocaust ever made .
Hard-hitting , gripping , gimmick drama .
You will never shake this film off , ever , and that is a powerful and enriching thing .
Easily the most exciting new film I 've seen over the past year .
Nemes has made a gripping film almost entirely free of movie heroics or placating visual strategies . It 's not an easy experience . Nor should it be .
Brute , haunted furtiveness of Géza Röhrig 's Saul ... his handsome-yet-spent features are as central to the success of Son of Saul as sound or image . So many of the film 's silences speak against the tumult of torment .
There are numerous powerful Holocaust movies available but I do n't think I 've ever seen anything that offers the kind of grim , you-are-there perspective of Son of Saul .
'' ... zeroes in on humanity in the singular . ''
Under Hungarian filmmaker Laszlo Nemes 's direction , Röhrig 's portrayal of a desperate man hanging onto the thinnest shred of humanity proves to be as cathartic as anything in the history of cinema .
One of the finest films ever made about the Holocaust . Saul 's seizure of his own humanity through an insistence of a proper burial is a grand act of defiance
It 's not a bad film , in fact it 's often very good , but it 's also obsequious in the way Nemes allows technique to continually trump emotion .
A harrowing and unique Holocaust film from Hungarian Laszlo Nemes .
There 's beauty in this film , but it 's beauty that the characters will never touch , always looking over their shoulders , always looking back at someone who 's been left behind .
-LSB- A -RSB- harrowing portrait of life and death at Auschwitz-Birkenau that also becomes a tale of redemption for one of its Jewish prisoners .
`` Son of Saul '' is brilliantly executed and chillingly evocative , creating a screen space that , while suffocating , also provides a window to pure behavior .
On the whole it 's daring and committed , and in Röhrig 's tremendously focused performance , it honors all the saints we 'll never know .
It is a marvel of aesthetic control , speaking almost entirely from images , giving the film a documentary feel that it earns the hard way and puts to worthy use . We have entered a place where a false step could be fatal .
Offers a crushing view of humanity at its most desperate , and a view of one man 's fevered efforts to find grace and dignity amid the horror .
The film 's tight focus works in a number of ways . It 's literally a new way of looking at the Holocaust and , as a result , it uncovers bits of behavior that you may not have thought about ...
A perfect mix of Godard 's `` travelling '' and the provocations in the work of Lanzmann . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Your gut stays clenched for the entire film but there is a sense of deliverance in the end that makes this , strangely , uplifting .
The movie is at once clinical in its accumulation of small details and dreamlike in its execution , a waking nightmare through which Saul somnambulates , the audience right alongside him .
... a riveting , fascinating account of one man 's struggle , in the face of terrible suffering , to salvage human dignity through a single act of religious piety . -LRB- Not that it 's ever stated so prosaically , or stated at all . There is no need . -RRB-
László Nemes 's Son of Saul is the stuff of nightmares . -LRB- That 's a compliment . -RRB-
Distinctively different in subject matter and in the form of storytelling , it deserves serious attention .
Finally , a cinematic genre heretofore mired in pietistic melodrama and safe aesthetic distance has been blown open and virtually reinvented , even the well-known contours of its subject matter reinvested with urgency , meaning and mournful honesty .
The opening sequence achieves the outer limits of film art . Movies simply do n't get more powerful than this .
For all its intensity , Son of Saul is never ponderous . It moves so quickly , and relies so little on dialogue , that you need to race a little to keep up with it , and to keep your eyes open every second .
A Holocaust drama like you have never seen before .
Son of Saul is a breathtaking film with a premise which you either connect or not . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
a vision of hell ... this stunning work about one man 's last grasp at humanity when it appears to have been wiped off the face of the earth is a shattering , profoundly moving experience .
The movie does n't expand in your mind - it shrinks along with its protagonist , its conclusion a reductio ad absurdum .
If most Holocaust films are about survival , Son of Saul is a stunning portrait of a specific kind of survival : the kind where , in extremis , people radically reduce what success looks like .
Increasingly allegorical but never less than visceral -LRB- visceral and thoughtful -RRB- ... a film about the aftermath of a miracle and then a series of miracles that , in its brutal tact , compassion , and intelligence , is something of a miracle itself .
Son of Saul comes off as something of a disappointment given the inherently intense nature of its subject matter .
Director László Nemes films within a very claustrophobic and shallow-focused frame , bringing home the reality of the Nazi horror while also leaving much terror to the imagination .
A thing of harsh beauty . It is also a thing of great understanding , showing us what we would rather not see , but making us glad that we have borne witness
Son of Saul understands how many different forces conspired to facilitate it , and moves its endlessly suffering protagonist through as many of them as it possibly can .
If Son of Saul aims to disturb and repulse , it does so with the same sort of fierce , unwavering purpose that guides its protagonist .
... a visceral and visually stunning examination of confinement , injustice , childhood innocence and unsung heroism .
An intensely personal exploration of the Holocaust viewed through the experience of a prisoner at Auschwitz-Birkenau .
It 's not an easy sit , but it is a riveting , effective one .
-LSB- A -RSB- tense , harsh , and superlative Hungarian drama -LSB- with a -RSB- compellingly ambiguous script .
Right away , we know we 're in the hands of a director who wants to tell the story of the Holocaust from a different perspective than we 've seen before in films : a more personal , intimate one .
A Hungarian masterwork from first-time director László Nemes . You do n't merely witness horror , you feel it in your bones .
If the direction at times seems a little restrained , a little formalist - how else do you tell this story ? What other choice do you have apart from simply giving one long , raw scream ?
The filmmakers have created an intensely stark and visceral representation of this hellish place , and the cinematography is intimate and stunning .
Information - including the gassing of victims - is conveyed less by images than by complex , ominous sounds . The audience is the midst of horror , yet can barely discern it .
It 's a beat-the-clock thriller wrapped around an allegory .
Son of Saul is a movie from which it will be very difficult to turn away from , though it will be nearly as difficult to watch .
Good movies summon up worlds . `` Son of Saul '' -LSB- is -RSB- a great movie ...
No matter how many Holocaust films you 've seen , you 've not seen one like this .
`` Son of Saul '' is a work of superlative filmmaking craft and moral intensity .
Son of Saul hammers the theme of helplessness , and it sometimes gets a bit redundant , but it carves out a series of images that will be incredibly difficult to suppress .
Son Of Saul , for all the enormity of its subject matter , is an oddly gripping experience-a vision of intense purpose found in what may be the final hours of a life . It 's also a pretty stunning formal accomplishment ...
As a first feature , this is a spectacular achievement .
It 's a harrowing story , as Tamás Zányi 's sound design spells out the horror left in soft focus behind Rohrig 's head .
Although the style of László Nemes ' Holocaust drama at times threatens to overwhelm the substance , the movie has a cumulative power that 's difficult to shake .
It 's impossible to be a lover of cinema without having been down this road before in films like Schindler 's List and The Pianist . But Nemes is telling his story in a revolutionary new way-and it 's devastating .
Like a connect-the-dots austere art film . And yet it still devastates . After all , how could it not ?
What we see and do n't see , what we hear and do n't hear - all rigorously determined to evoke a historical evil as fully as possible without marinating in it .
The remarkable thing is that `` Son of Saul '' is a début : Nemes has never directed a full-length film before .
The film 's meticulousness orchestration only calls attention to its dubious sense of purpose , which lies beyond human subjectivity .
Son of Saul stands as one of the most extraordinary films ever made about the Holocaust . The fact that it was made by a first time filmmaker makes it one of the most extraordinary film debuts in years .
Nemes 's style is undeniable , but it might also just be a brilliant disguise : the handed-down vestments of an ascendant yet fundamentally unclothed emperor .
Every day , like everyone else , I need to be awakened from complacency . Of the experiences that can ring the necessary alarm , Son of Saul is especially potent .
There have been many movies about the Holocaust , made in a wide array of approaches , styles and tones . I do n't believe I 've ever seen one that immerses viewers in the darkest horrors of history 's greatest crime like Laszlo Nemes ' Son of Saul does .
Cinematographer Matyas Erdely shoots much of the film in a tight focus on Saul 's face or head , with the shallow depth of field partially obscuring the horrors taking place around him .
Intense and engrossing , an existential warning from history ...
The Holocaust Nemes presents , it 's the same one we 've been shown many times , however , he decides to keep it out of frame and show something completely different and personal .
Unquestionably grim and deeply uncomfortable , it makes for unforgettable viewing .
Son of Saul is bracing , but its power diminishes as the film wears on ; we become numb to Nemes 's bravura direction just as Saul has become numb to mass murder .
Intense and challenging it may be but it 's a film that 's rich with both empathy and insight .
Elevator Pitch : A uniquely honest Holocaust drama .
Imagine the kinetic immediacy of Emmanuel Lubezki combined with the claustrophobic intimacy of Dreyer 's The Passion of Joan of Arc .
Spellbinding , suspenseful and emotionally devastating . It 's one of the most powerful Holocaust films since Schindler 's List .
Nemes vacuums everything we think we know about filmmaking and the Holocaust , and gives it a raw , intense , and fresh outlook that we have n't seen since Roman Polanski 's `` The Pianist , '' perhaps even Steven Spielberg 's `` Schindler 's List . ''
Though not a film with a tight narrative structure , this look at the Holocaust from the point of view of one of its prisoners is likely to be the most visceral experience you will have in the movies this year .
The opening of Son Of Saul is one of the best moments in Holocaust cinema ever .
The technique continually impresses even as the moral perspective of the enterprise is ultimately squelched by all the aural-visual gimmickry .
A powerful aural and visual experience that does n't quite manage to sustain itself over the course of its running time , but is a remarkable -- and remarkably intense -- experience nonetheless .
It 's so visceral and so intimate that it 's hard to put into words .
Using techniques of distanciation that sometimes make it an alienating , even confusing experience , László Nemes 's cogent , strikingly confident debut is harrowing , but cinematically rewarding .
Compelling and astounding .
Son of Saul is one hell of a debut , with the emphasis on hell : it 's set entirely , and with pitiless , unyielding intensity , inside Auschwitz-Birkenau .
What elevates Son of Saul is that first-time feature filmmaker Laszlo Nemes has constructed a new way of grasping the insanity and senselessness of those long-ago crimes .
Nemes ' ability to inject the material of a concentration camp survival story with bracing cinematic energy is all the more impressive because it 's the writer-director 's first feature .
The tight focus on one character to the exclusion of everything else can be exhausting to the viewer , but it never comes across as just a gimmick ; it 's too central to the story Nemes is telling .
It is unlike anything you have seen before-a film that constantly uses the tools of the form to produce emotional impact and yet does n't allow that formal rigidity to defeat its human element . It 's unforgettable .
Son of Saul is undoubtedly one of the most revelatory , emotionally charged , and unforgettable films 2015 has had to offer .
There have been wonderful films about the suffering and tenacity of Holocaust victims , but to see how Saul manipulates the situation tactically makes us weep for the loss of feeling .
Harsh and understated ... With an emphasis on psychological nuance rather than on shock and revulsion
-LSB- A -RSB- devastating Holocaust drama .
The young Hungarian director has to strike a tricky balance between verisimilitude and an acknowledgement that not even a hint of the true horror can be conveyed on screen .
An Auschwitz-set drama that 's numbing , provocative and impossible to unsee .
Ataggering and completely devastating .
`` Son of Saul '' is an ambitious movie for a first-time filmmaker , but it pays off . The film has a visceral , experiential quality that captures the mundane horror of day-to-day duties early on , and the Goya-esque hell as chaos erupts later on .
Announces a bold new talent .
The emotions are so complicated , the scenes so horrifying , that it 's hard to watch at points .
This is a film that easily stands with the giants that have tackled the subject matter , crafting a new and vital facet of an impossibly complex story , and doing so in a way that 's both riveting and revealing .
Nemes 's film has found a way to create a fictional drama in all this , with a gaunt , fierce kind of courage - the kind of courage , perhaps , that it takes to watch .
Hungarian helmer Laszlo Nemes and actor Geza Rohrig make a powerful debut with this grim , unyielding Holocaust drama .

@highlight

Grimly intense yet thoroughly rewarding , Son of Saul offers an unforgettable viewing experience -- and establishes director László Nemes as a talent to watch .