Spirited docu follows Middle Eastern female racing team .
The movie 's rough-and-tumble look works in its favor , and the occasional doldrums allow for reflection on the obstacles , military and otherwise , the women face daily .
Although Speed Sisters is not comprehensive , it 's vital .
Speed Sisters is as much about sexism in a Palestinian institution that arguably has n't existed long enough to develop institutionalized sexism as it is about life under the occupation .
The film 's appeal is universal .
Director Amber Fares finds a frankly astounding subject for her first feature-length doc , using the story of a few brave sportswomen to shine a bright headlamp on lives lived under occupation .
'' ... an exuberant , action-packed film about the first all-female auto racing team in the Arab world . ''
There 's some nail-biting internecine tension as a climactic race result goes down to the wire , but the overall tone is celebratory and affirmative .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating profile ...
Speed Sisters is a muscular , unapologetic and surprisingly feel-good documentary about the Middle East 's first all-female team of racing drivers .
The film interview-race-interview-race format is slightly repetitive and there 's little in the way of tension even as the championship nears its conclusion , but Fares proves that life carries on even amid the chaos of war .
It 's not exactly hard-hitting stuff , and is n't meant to be , but it spins an entertaining yarn .
It 's a scrappy piece of work , but all the more fascinating for it .
Speed Sisters sometimes dallies like it 's looking for a reason , or has lost its point in the vibrant camaraderie , but the film judders with an energy lacking from most documentaries .
Proof that life goes on , even under occupation .
This half-throttle documentary might better be called The Fast and the Uneventful .
Solidarity through defiance that proves to be one of Speed Sisters ' greatest charms .
Five Palestinian women pursue their passion for car racing -- and smash stereotypes at the same time -- in this high-energy documentary directed by Amber Fares .
Speed Sisters may be light but it 's never lightweight .
Forget the lame jokes about women drivers . These girls , full of ambition and enthusiasm , just want to have fun ! Not everyone can win a race , but Speed Sisters , an amiable 80-minute miracle in the unlikeliest of places , will capture your heart .
Speed Sisters is a relatively short documentary about a fascinating subject that receives a disappointingly shallow treatment .
If Vin Diesel is looking to up the ante for the next `` Furious '' entry , he might start by looking at the Speed Sisters .
Beguiling tale of three young Palestinian women with a love for fast cars trying to hone their skills under conditions of occupation and insecurity .

@highlight

Speed Sisters honors its incredible subjects with an absorbing stranger-than-fiction look at a real-life story that 's equal parts thought-provoking and purely entertaining .