Perhaps you need to be a lover of the original series to fully appreciate this latest effort .
There are no perfectly happy endings in noir , but if this is the last word on Veronica Mars , it 's a fitting and even hopeful one , but it also opens up some great possibilities for the future of the franchise .
Veronica Mars will definitely please the fans desperate to catch up with the residents of Neptune , but I feel certain it wo n't sate us for long .
Veronica Mars will inevitably delight fans of the series to no end , but newbies should n't be shy -- it 's actually quite the perfect introduction to the series .
As a whole , I loved the movie . It felt like filmed fanfic , and I mean that in the best possible way : No pretension .
Veronica Mars retains all of the humor and intriguing human dimension it possessed while on the air .
It 's basically a two-hour episode of the show . And I mean that as the highest compliment .
The tone is exactly right , and the passage of a few years has been good on everyone 's looks .
Despite its middle-class magnolia feel in one respect , it has some sharp lines , twists and turns , revived characters , a neat score and good jokes about Warner Bros ' stalwart Clint Eastwood .
A return to the admired television series is equal parts fun and frustrating .
It 's not much of a movie , but it 's a mostly good time with old friends .
It 's hard to say how `` Veronica Mars '' will play to the uninitiated , but it 's everything a fan could want .
A film like this always raises the question of whether newcomers can enjoy it , as they are unarmed with an understanding of the characters ' histories and all the references that are surely contained within the screenplay . In this case , the answer is yes .
The Veronica Mars movie is sure to delight the legions of fans of the show , while also acting as a satisfying mystery for those who are just meeting these characters for the first time .
Such an appealing heroine makes it easy for anyone , existing fan or not , to be entertained by this yarn .
Bell slips back into her Veronica character with ease , and while newbies to the franchise might wonder what the fuss was all about , the `` Marshmallows '' are happy .
I 've never seen the show that spawned it , but it was still exactly what I was expecting . I am neither overwhelmed nor underwhelmed by it . I am whelmed .
Let 's be honest , this movie is for the fans .
The film is an obvious labor of love for all concerned , and the good times are infectious .
Veronica is still the spit fire and quick witted Amazon who lands on her feet in every situation no matter how awkward or dangerous .
The film even manages things neatly at the end : we get a mixture of closure and openness , in which things are rounded off , yet there 's still the possibility of another adventure .
Strictly for fans of the show
The uninitiated may not go for the all-too-convenient crime solving , melodramatic love triangle , and playful banter , but cultists will find all the show 's pleasures intact .
Until now , Veronica Mars has been that movie that got funded by that Internet site . Now , it 's just a good mystery movie with snappy dialogue . That 's an even nobler thing to be .
Veronica Mars is exactly the film that fans were pining for and offers the kind of confident , small-scale storytelling that is eminently watchable to those new to the ` marshmallow ' army .
Veronica herself is such a breath of fresh air as a strong female character : smart , secure , resourceful , loyal , funny and not the slightest bit chickish .
Sassy , snappy two-hour spin-off from the original cult favorite .
The plot is labyrinthine , the direction televisual and the explanatory voiceover incessant , but a smattering of sharp one-liners hint at the series 's enduring appeal .
You do n't need to be an obsessive fan of the series ... the self-mocking cameo from James Franco - caught by a celebrity spy camera trying to squeeze into a pair of skinny jeans and to find words that rhyme with ` orange ' - is funny without footnotes .
Will the big-screen ` Veronica Mars ' leave its devoted Marshmallows hungry for s ` more ? It 's a pretty good bet .
Veronica Mars did something new , but bringing back something old . And even Veronica , with her cool , cynical detachment , would think is pretty cool .
This is n't just a nostalgia trip . Almost a decade has passed , and the characters are n't just older , they 've changed in recognizable and gratifying ways .
The fan of the series will go bonkers with this big-screen adaptation . However , the casual viewer can also find a catchy whodunit with some unexpected laughs .
Charming , bantery thriller is made by and for die-hard fans .
It feels like a pilot episode : perfectly good entertainment , but do you really want to spend money on it ? Then again , 90,000 people already did , and I suspect they 'll be pretty pleased with the outcome .
Anyone who loved the television show and supported the Kickstarter should adore this film . Rob Thomas and the VM crew deliver a brilliantly constructed film that redefines the phrase `` fan service . ''
A no-brainer for Veronica Mars fans , but for viewers that have never seen the TV show , the movie will be -LRB- slightly -RRB- confusing and offer only average mystery drama in return .
Veronica Mars , then , accomplishes what it set out to accomplish , and in that sense it can be considered a success .
Basically , this is a movie for people who read US Weekly but are smart enough to feel embarrassed about it .
Talky , harmless comic detective yarn .
It 's A Very Brady Christmas but with snappier dialogue and murder .
When the film gets down to its selected core of primary characters , Veronica Mars picks up like it only went off the air yesterday .
There should be a sequel to further explore this intriguing concept . Gather your pennies , Marshmallows .
Somehow , miraculously , the Veronica Mars movie is definitely not bad . It 's pretty damn good , actually .
Private eye mysteries are so rare these days - indeed , the form is almost extinct on the big screen - that the film ends up feeling surprisingly fresh .
Not so much a feature film as an extended network-ready TV special -LRB- some cuss words notwithstanding -RRB- , Rob Thomas ' Veronica Mars ... ca n't seem to lift itself from its own low budget , low-concept doldrums .
The Veronica Mars movie is n't the groundbreaker or the life-changer that you may have hoped , but like the show it 's highly enjoyable , and probably more of a cult favorite than a blockbuster .
Bell 's Veronica is still a tough cookie with a nice line in deadpan wisecracks -LRB- and now an Internet sex tape , too -RRB- .
Not great , but it reminds us why we liked her so much in the first place .
Veronica Mars is a delicious and fulfilling outing for those who remember the series fondly , and even those who are non-fans should be able to follow along for most of the fun .
In giving the fans what they want , Thomas has found an excuse to bring Veronica back , but perhaps not the right reason .
Thomas 's offering may not be earth-shattering but does induce a tingly sensation .
If there is one thing to be said of this picture , it 's to simply enjoy it for what it 's worth .
A big-screen outing for the small screen Nancy Drew-alike that puts the ` fun ' into ` crowdfunding ' .
If you are new to these people , it feels like it takes forever to get to its tiny point .
Perfectly captures the magic of the show . A great follow-up .
Funded by fans , this follow-up to the cult TV show feels a lot like an extended reunion episode . But even those unfamiliar with the series will enjoy the twisty plot and smart dialog , plus the sparky Kristen Bell in the title role .
It 's a decent offering for its target audience , be that the rabid fans who brought it to fruition or those new to the scene . -LRB- Content Review for Parents Also Available -RRB-
All in all the movie delivers what you expect but not in the way that you expect it , which makes it work as both a long-delayed fourth chapter in Veronica 's story and a rare big-screen version of a TV show ...
Right now , the question is how did Veronica Mars turn out as a movie ? It 's a mixed bag . Too much time wasted on a whodunit that 's more like a who-cares . No matter . Mars fans will have a blast .
-LSB- T -RSB- his continuation of the story from the television show is so dependent upon one 's intimacy with the show that , as a standalone movie , it is restrictive .
A triumph for the show 's rabid fan base , a fun excursion for relative newcomers , and tangible proof that , sometimes , deceased shows deserve new life .
Veronica Mars is a delightful piece of fan service - a supersized TV reunion episode expanded for viewing in movie theaters .
In the center , of course , is Bell , still right on target with the wisecracks and attitude that made `` Mars '' work .
It all seems like an overblown TV episode .
Veronica Mars is a great deal more than a bonus episode , but slightly less than a movie .
I never watched an episode of Veronica Mars when it was on TV , but you do n't need to be a die hard fan to like the film .
If `` Veronica Mars '' gets one thing right -- and , let 's be serious , it gets a lot of things right -- the most lasting impression is the one it leaves its viewers with .
For the uninitiated , it 's enjoyable enough to see what the fuss is all about even if it will likely lead you to Netflix or other binge-viewing options for a marathon session afterwards .
Scenes with wise-cracking , whip-smart Veronica and her loving father , investigator Keith Mars -LRB- a wonderful and thoroughly genuine Enrico Colantoni -RRB- are among the film 's best .
Ties up a lot of loose ends and opens up a new can of worms .
Luckily , the action picks up when the dialogue stalls , with startling car crashes , cat-and-mouse games and unexpected gunshots that make for a spellbinding climax .
The mystery is absorbing , but it is the depth of characters and richness of the relationships that makes this movie so effective . Fifteen minutes in , I was a marshmallow .
Thomas Wolfe professed you ca n't go home again . Veronica Mars proves him wrong . This trip back to her old mystery-solving stomping ground is pleasantly entertaining for the uniformed and a perfect thank you to all of the loyal fans .
The plot , as skinny as a latte and just as filling , wo n't win any new converts to the defunct series .
The fan-funded revival of Rob Thomas 's much-loved teen-PI series proves more footnote than fresh start .
Be careful what you wish for , and also what you buy into .
There are so many in-jokes and silly cameos that it 's easy to look past the fact that `` Veronica Mars '' feels not so much like a cinematic experience , but an extended TV show on the big screen .
It 's effective as a sequel to the television series and works just as well as a stand-alone film .
Everything feels forced , from Veronica 's almost compulsive snappy patter to a class reunion that includes a sex tape and a brawl .
`` Veronica Mars '' is n't really a movie but another episode -- and not even a grand finale -- with all the familiar characters and in-jokes that viewers expect .
It 's briskly entertaining as a mystery , and such a pleasing revival that it 's not even that frustrating when the film concludes on more than one bit of unfinished business .
They 're calling `` Veronica Mars '' a movie , but no matter which way you squint at it , it 's a TV show .
For devotees of the much loved series , this long-awaited Veronica Mars feature film is a five-star proposition . For everyone else , Veronica Mars is a pleasant diversion .
A workmanlike but hardly scintillating mystery that spends more time and energy reintroducing characters from the show and trying to capture its original flavor than constructing a compelling narrative .
For those new to the character , this smart mystery succeeds in introducing viewers to this delightful little world .
Marshmallow nation , you may now exhale : Rob Thomas did ya right .
The movie proves you can go home again . But it will take a better sequel to decide whether you want to .
Even though I enjoyed watching an older Mars reacquaint herself with Neptune , no small amount of disappointment set in as I realized Thomas was guiding the proceedings to an ending that would reinforce the series ' status quo .
Thomas makes for a competent if unspectacular feature director and the writing is characteristically sassy , even if it ca n't compete with the show 's finest hours .
Everything about the way the movie version of `` Veronica Mars '' came to pass is more intriguing than the movie itself .
Congratulations , loyalists . Veronica 's return is everything you 've hoped it would be . It 's so much fun you may want to put a few bucks aside for a sequel .
Good news for the 91,000 donors to the `` Veronica Mars `` Kickstarter campaign . Your money was well spent .
Newcomers will be less pleased , discovering a product that looks and feels like a scaled-up television show . The inside jokes and receiving line of nudge-wink cameos only adds to the small-screen feel .
Cinematic fan-fiction for the show 's most impassioned audience , Veronica Mars is everything fans could have hoped it would be .
A smart , fun movie that also feels distinctly like at least a half-season worth of plot and character crammed into a film 's running time .
You have to wonder whether it was really all worth it .
The chemistry within the cast has survived the long separation , and although some of the reappearances do n't exactly serve the story , they certainly contribute to the atmosphere .
It 's the definition of watchable , without exactly being the definition of memorable .
Middling mystery less mind-tickling than Non-Stop . That movie goes from kind of fun to really bad . Veronica Mars is so average it may as well never have existed at all .
As a nostalgia trip , and a valentine to the virtues of its terrific source material , Veronica Mars gets the job done .
I do n't know how much money Veronica Mars will make , or how much money it has to make to be deemed a success , but as means of fan-satisfaction it is a needle to a major vein .
The adaptation is akin to a killer episode - plus a few swear words and a sexy PG-13 roll in the sheets thrown in for good measure .
I know it was a long time ago , and maybe you have n't thought of her lately at all , but trust me : Veronica Mars is still your friend .
For all its references to the show 's history , the film never panders . It 's an evolution of the core concept as opposed to a nostalgia-tinged reproduction , and is all the better for it .
The film gets us to see , in a new way , the strengths and weaknesses of weekly series television that viewers too often take for granted .
There 's something rather bland about Veronica Mars ... But the one-liners are sharp , the plot unpredictable and the whole thing ticks along with a minimum of fuss .
For better and for worse , this is a movie where you can truly say that fans have gotten everything they 've paid for .
For people who loved the show , as I did , it 's like fan fiction without the delusional megalomania . We do n't have to keep writing these characters ' stories for ourselves ; Thomas has done it for us - and , trust me , he 's better at it .
... a good-natured movie that feels like one elaborate , protracted TV episode .
Bell , as charming and witty as ever , smoothly steps back into the role she was made to play .
This movie takes great pains to thank the fans who made this possible by including many characters from the series - a good deal for them , not necessarily so great for the rest of us .
The plot is about clearing Logan . But the movie itself is about Veronica coming to terms with her identity .
Not bad for what it is , but what is -- it never lets you forget -- is a self-aware , self-absorbed TV movie .
An emotionally rewarding reunion tour for established fans and a taut , sharp-tongued , character-driven thriller for all , Veronica Mars makes a compelling case for its heroine 's continued existence .
You get what you pay for , and the Veronica Mars movie , literally funded by 91,585 fans via Kickstarter , is evidence enough .
The film does n't just feel like a double-length episode of the series . The scope feels bigger , the look is richer , and the focus on who Veronica is and why she 's so good at this job goes much deeper than the show usually did .
A solid cinematic turn for the Nancy Drew of the new millennium , sure to delight crowdfunding backers and other fans of the source series .
There is a definite feeling that these are old friends that we are being reunited with , and I hope new viewers do n't feel left out .
Though back by popular demand , consider this edition of Veronica Mars compelling enough even to hold the attention of folks unfamiliar with the original TV show .
The movie is clearly more for the diehard fans and they likely will get more out of this experience than the mildly curious .
Veronica is still hard as nails yet also , in her honest self-appraisal , as soft as a marshmallow - a description that unfortunately also applies to the movie .
The Veronica Mars movie is , finally , a reality . It was worth the wait .
Veronica Mars makes the jokes witty , the mystery challenging and the suspense and action tense . You do n't have to have tuned in to the small-screen version to enjoy it on the big one .
`` Veronica Mars '' does n't so much expand the show 's universe as recycle it , but without the lively mysteries and poignant undercurrents that were its hallmarks .
A cynical , dark thriller with a marshmallow centre , Veronica Mars is both a labour of love for a legion of fans , and the kind of shrewd , focused , character-driven mystery that has become an endangered species on the big screen .
There have been photo spreads in Entertainment Weekly of old TV casts brought back together that have provided as much satisfaction , for a whole lot less money .
This is the Veronica Mars fans have been dying for , and if that means non-fans are n't going to have as good a time as fans at the movie then screw them , they should be fans in the first place .

@highlight

It might be a more entertaining watch for diehard fans of the show , but Veronica Mars offers enough sharp writing and solid performances to entertain viewers in the mood for a character-driven thriller .