What a shame that the remake fell into the unwieldy hands of the same jokers responsible for last year 's execrable Prom Night redo .
Horror remake has more tension than blood .
The genre has diverged into two paths : the brutally gruesome and the suspenseful . This is going for the latter , which would have been fine if it were in fact thrilling .
Any subtlety or implicit social satire to be found in Joseph Ruben 's original went out with the last neighborhood trash pickup . Too bad the service was canceled before it could haul away this waste-of-time remake . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
There 's mayhem all over the place and not a policeman , or much logic , in sight . Watchable nonsense , with performances better than the story deserves .
Cliché-ridden and full of plot-holes .
Not so much a contemporary re-make of Joseph Ruben 's 1987 psychological thriller as a lobotomised bastard step-child : over-plotted , over-long , and stripped of the original 's sharp , satirical subversion of suburban family values .
If the movie 's attic-bound climax is a little predictable and the plot holes rather gaping , The Stepfather , unlike many of its more prestigious A-class competitors , is never less than entertaining .
It 's all very silly , but effective popcorn entertainment .
Nelson McCormick is ridiculously lax with inventive or plausible staging : it 's the kind of movie where a door ca n't open without thunderclaps and the bad guy flinging himself into the frame .
The Stepfather is full of unintentional laughs , shameless plot contrivances and cheap scare tactics , but this adds to the fun once you 've tapped into the risible nature of the production .
Lazy , predictable and seriously lacking in shocks .
This rehash - toned -LRB- and dumbed -RRB- down for adolescent audiences by the director responsible for taking the slash out of Prom Night - provides thin gruel .
Mercilessly talky and deathly dull , this bloodless , sex-less misfire plays more like a housewife-baiting telemovie than the taut , teen-centric psycho-thriller it 's supposed to be .
McCormick 's lacklustre reboot is just another indistinguishable psycho thriller .
A pointless , dumbed-down remake of a slasher movie of the same name .
Uninspiring and , crucially , not all that scary . There are no attempts either to explore the killer 's motivation and none of the original 's black humour .
It has some good moments but there are much better relationships you could be having at the cinema than with The Stepfather .
Fond memories of Joseph Ruben 's thrillingly unpleasant B-movie of 1987 will be offended by this bland and almost blood-free remake .
The new version is serviceable , bland and forgettable .
This is multiplex fodder for the -LRB- very -RRB- undemanding : they should give this kind of cinematic junk food away free with the popcorn .
The Stepfather is watchable enough in a good bad movie sort of way but the finale is disappointing and it fails to improve on the original film .
Forgettable but watchable pap - in a leave-your-brain-at-home sort of way .
... yet another toothless and entirely needless horror-movie remake .
Astonishingly dull and carefully scrubbed of all but the most sanitized violence in the name of securing a PG-13 rating .
Substitutes an Oedipus complex for sexual menace by replacing the teenage daughter heroine of the earlier film with a hunky military school bad boy , then compounds the mistake with a bad pop/rock soundtrack and a silly action climax ...
What is there to be said about this utterly worthless , addle-brained waste of 101 minutes except that it 's an utterly worthless , addle-brained waste of 101 minutes ?
a shameless exercise in promoting the lowest common denominator
Wait till your father gets home ... on DVD .
As characters get startled but you do n't and you suspenselessly wait for everyone to figure out what we realized long ago -LRB- Mr. Harris kills people , then 105 minutes of your life -RRB- , you may well wonder about the bloody point of it all .
The Stepfather is , finally , only as good as its stepfather -- and Dylan Walsh ai n't bad .
If you call a film The Stepfather , then your title character -- in this case , David Harris -LRB- Dylan Walsh -RRB- -- should have the decency to marry into that perfect little family that he 's predisposed to butcher and kill .
Ooh , daddy ! If you want some old-fashioned cheesy suspense , look no farther than ` The Stepfather . '
Dylan Walsh shines in the title role but the film is only mildly entertaining
That last stormy night of violence should be the shocker . Giving away his ruthlessness in earlier killings robs the movie of it its payoff as it saps the climax of much of its power .
Riddled with implausible situations , including many instances of Creepy Stepdad appearing suddenly in doorways and mirrors , and zero instances of genuine suspense or style .
Shallow and inert , `` The Stepfather '' goes through the motions of a suspense film without ever broaching the horror genre that director Joseph Ruben employed in the original . Talk about `` unclear on the concept , '' this remake does n't even get the genre right .
This perfunctory retread had a tame , made-for-TV feel , and not just because the humdrum cast is composed of network and cable B-listers .
This remake turns a fondly remembered horror/thriller into a mild and tedious suspense film .
Even by horror-remake standards , The Stepfather sets the bar for pointlessness .
Better to honor history and rent the original .
The trouble with the movie , apart from its rather monotonous dourness of tone , is that everyone in the family ... comes off as tougher , smarter , and quicker on the draw than the stepfather who 's supposed to be outfoxing them .
The Stepfather is that rarity , an effective remake of a screen classic that can stand alone on its own considerable merits .
A clumsy remake of the 1987 cult thriller .
It 's hard to get absorbed in a story with so many unresolved issues .
I did n't think anyone could match Terry O'Quinn 's riveting performance in the 1987 film , but Dylan Walsh nails the title role in this remake .
This kind of film needs a `` R '' rating . Making it `` PG-13 '' leaves even horror fans yawning . And , there 's not enough drama or originality to keep anyone glued to this very poor remake . Just leaves you wanting the original . Paul Chambers , CNN .
A little more guts - not necessarily more gory -- could have turned The Stepfather into a real re-imagining , not just a re-heating ; what we get is just another trip down memory lane that runs out of gas .
There are some movies that should not be re-made . This is one of them , as proven by this updated , cliche-filled version which fails to build up the necessary tension and truncates the mystery .
a shabby substitute for its original .
if you can think past the thirty second mark , the house of cards that is the script dissolves faster than cotton candy in the rain
The original is notable for being a breakthrough role for Terry O'Quinn , nowadays best known as John Locke on Lost . The remake is notable for nothing whatsoever .
A botched remake ... A real thriller has you on the edge of your seat ; watching this one , you 're more liable to sit back and snooze .
Dylan Walsh 's demeanor is more compelling than the small handful of perfunctory kill scenes , all of which you 'll see from six miles away .
Poorly scripted and executed , this quickie slasher remake suffers from weak casting and does n't even exploit the sexual politics involved in a major gender change from the 1987 feature , which satirized the rigid family values and has become a classic .
The well-choreographed five-minute chase sequence offers more excitement than the rest of the movie combined . By then , it 's far too late to forget the boredom suffered over the course of the rest of what 's essentially a competent but dull and highly unnec
-LSB- Nelson -RSB- McCormick has crafted a horror remake so undistinguished it makes Prom Night look like a masterpiece of transgressive filmmaking .
The Stepfather is studio-produced drivel that puts a negative label on horror movies and psychological chillers . The only pleasure to be had from watching it is to so easily be able to pick it apart .
Comparing the original to this one is like comparing regular basketball to donkey basketball -- a perfectly good thing has been needlessly `` improved '' by making everything bigger and dumber and by allowing a bunch of jackasses to dump all over it .
The original was a no-frills , psychology-based affair that got most of its juice from the conflict between the dad and his suspicious stepdaughter , but the new one is needlessly complicated and more overt .
100 minutes of dopey behavior and filmmaking inanity wrapped up tight in a bland , gutless PG-13 wooby , taking a proven premise and watering it down to a parade of nonsense created only to tickle gullible teen audiences .


@highlight

This tepid remake of the 1987 cult classic lacks the tension and satirical undercurrents of the original .