I swell with pride at this film as it 's a respectable and thoroughly entertaining exploration of the bonds of a tightly knit large Puerto Rican family ...
A warm , unabashedly sentimental drama ...
Same people , different dishes on the dinner table .
A harmless , slightly charming and warm family drama .
mesa stin amerikanila tis , skoyrainei poly ta pragmata prin ta afisei na paroyn tin poreia toys pros to aisiodokso ksempoyrdoykloma toy koybarioy tis
Enormously appealing characters .
just like the gifts one gets every year , Nothing Like the Holidays is a hit-and-miss entertainment experience .
The spirited , superb ensemble assembled by director Alfredo DeVilla lends the familiar proceedings pep and personality .
De Villa and the ensemble cast provide a comfortable , lived-in feeling -- like your own family , only louder .
Nothing Like the Holidays most certainly is . It 's about as welcome as a cup of canned eggnog and a slice of 3-year-old Claxton fruitcake -- and just as indigestible .
The movie is bland . Which is a crying shame when the source material has so much flavor .
Not a great movie but it does have good likable actors playing good likable characters .
Watching Leguizamo dance to the ` The Show ' and compete in a ` who 's got the bigger chainsaw/penis ' contest was certainly funnier than Vince Vaughn in a short skirt or Reese Witherspoon trying to figure out how a breast pump works .
A film that we 've seen dozens of times before .
The actors are all very good and seem to be enjoying themselves , but it does n't disguise the fact that it 's just pretty ordinary .
There are some standout performances from some young stars on the rise .
Harmless , predictable , contrived -- if those are the best things you can say about a movie I think you should definitely skip it .
It 's kind of like going home .
A sentimental , warm-hearted and tell-all dysfunctional Puerto Rican family holiday pic .
It 's a warm , friendly movie , and infinitely more human than , say , Four Christmases . It deserves credit for that .
You know that time-honored holiday dish that turns up on the table every year ? The one that reappears annually because it just would n't be a holiday celebration without it -- even though everybody 's sick of it by now?Consider this the cinematic equivalent
Yeah , people really behave this way , but they should n't . You want to complain about violence and sex in movies influencing kids . How about making movies that teach people to find a better way , so that the next round of grownups does n't have so many psycho
It borrows storylines from many different films , and not just the holiday ones .
... the best scenes , which are concerned more with the ordinary interactions of families and neighbors than with pushing the plot forward , feel as natural as real life .
With help from a lively cast and a twist on the formula , it seems fresh and enticing -- like a Christmas present you did n't know you wanted but are delighted to receive .
It 's as familiar and comforting as a cup of eggnog .
While there may well be nothing like the holidays , there 's a lot that is dully familiar about the movie of the same name .
If the film maintained this breezy tone for the entire time , it would be a low-key charmer , but when resentments and secrets come spilling out of everyone , the film 's attempts at drama ca n't match the comedy .
Though the turf is well-traveled , the characters ' camaraderie and their palpable sense of ethnic pride trumps the predictability and makes for a tale that is pleasantly appealing .
The ensemble cast boasts some of the finest actors in the business . They do their best to breathe life into the stereotypes , but they simply do n't have enough to work with .
The umpteenth holiday-family-gathering film to hit theaters in the past few years , Nothing Like the Holidays distinguishes itself from the pack with fine acting .
The whole thing 's a little like the meals it spotlights . You know , while you 're guiltily indulging , that it 's no good for you . But that does n't keep you from feeling full afterward .
` God is punishing me , ' says the matriarch . Not just you .
Sometimes it 's fun to unwrap a present even if you already know what 's waiting inside .
The Rodriguezes are dealing with divorce , a war injury , cancer and even Christmas , but these setbacks are all played for jokes .
Have you seen it before ? Well , yeah . Lots . But have you seen it quite like this ? Doubtful .
Sadly , nobody has much to do .
It 's the latest entry in the dysfunctional family holiday genre ... that dark blossoming group of films that remind us how thoroughly messed up life is even at special times before concluding that family makes it all worthwhile .
Beyond the movie 's seasonal familiarities of resentment and reconciliation are plenty of sweet-funny details of Latino life .
Nothing Like the Holidays is more dramatic than rompish , and lacks the seasonal spirit and musical chestnuts one expects from this kind of film . At least there 's snow and ice .
The movie 's not really interested in originality , though . Instead , it wants to wrap the old seasonal homilies in the warm specifics of time and place and ethnicity . At that , it succeeds .
Director Alfredo De Villa clumsily weaves his way in and out of the various plot threads , pausing at each one just long enough to let the audience wonder if this movie will ever get past its cliches . It rarely does .
Familiar but funny holiday story with a Latino flavor .
An efficient home-for-Christmas ensemble comedy trimmed with plastic teardrops .
Right away , the charms of this heart-warming -- even if completely predictable -- film become obvious . Shot under a bright winter sun , the thick snows glistens and sparkles .
I 'd rather watching `` Nothing Like the Holidays '' every holiday season than ever watch `` Four Christmases '' again .
The picture is exceedingly familiar , often humorous and has its share of flaws . So it 's a lot like most family Christmases .
Parental Content Review
The recipe for an entertaining celluloid Christmas is followed to the letter in ` Nothing Like the Holidays . '
This is the same old holiday film with a dysfunctional family that you have seen a million times .
There is no heart , there is no soul , instead there is only the coldly calculated mechanics of a familiar tale told far too many times before . As gatherings go , this is unfortunately one I 'd rather have avoided .
The efforts of the game and likable cast at least serve to make it slightly more tolerable than most takes on this particular subgenre
Simplistic and soapy , Nothing Like the Holidays nonetheless succeeds in warming the cockles .
The stars quickly create an authentic sense of the rhythms and short-cuts of family communication .
Like fruitcake , movies like this are ubiquitous at this time of the year but rarely are they devoured with great relish or enthusiasm .
Holidays adds a welcome ethnic twist to the mix , but not much else
There 's no shortage of warmth in Nothing Like The Holidays . It also features no shortage of clichés .
The film has its soapish machinations and some cliched characterizations . However , it features a great cast of mostly Hispanic actors .
Familiarity is part of the pleasure of holiday movies , and Nothing Like the Holidays gets by not on originality , but on chemistry and warmhearted charm .
Vividly conveys the happiness and the heartbreak of a Puerto Rican family gathered together to celebrate Christmas .
Ay Caramba , the holiday season can be difficult enough , but think how much worse it would be if you lived in a family full of movie stereotypes ?
The cast , including Luis Guzman and Jay Hernandez , is strong and attractive but ultimately hamstrung by artificial situations and a hackneyed ending .
... beneath the cultural color and Spanish exclamations , the dilemmas and conflicts that swirl around the family gatherings are just like the holidays in every such movie .
There may be nothing like the holidays , but Nothing Like the Holidays is a lot like the family reunion movies we 've seen in previous Christmas seasons .
If the conflicts feel warmed over and the resolutions obvious , the performances , particularly those of Rodriguez , Ferlito , Messing and Peña , are so warm and winning that director Alfredo De Villa makes it a tasty entertainment .
It 's the modest goal of a modest little picture like this -- to capture something heartfelt and real , finding anyone doing anything and meaning it , regardless of how patently false the situation seems .
Despite a cliché-ridden story , this holiday family reunion manages to be the heartwarming , affecting piece it sets out to be .
It just would n't be Christmas if there was n't a group of actors pushed into a room together with thin characterization , forced to fight for limited screentime .
Surely the concept of ` family ' is one of the laziest bits of shorthand Hollywood films use ...
A family movie that makes you anticipate the holidays more , not less !
There 's nothing new under the mistletoe in this warm but generic family-stressing-for-the-holidays dramedy .
To a necessary degree the screenplay by Alison Swan and Rick Najera follows familiar formulas . But then the dialogue , the specifics , and the acting take charge , and the movie becomes funny , sad , corny , romantic , heartfelt , all when it needs to be .
Nothing Like the Holidays is vaguely unsatisfying , caught somewhere in the middle between popcorn flick and serious cinema .
There 's nothing like a holiday film that gets you in the spirit of family reunions in all their disastrous glory .
A solid Christmas-themed dysfunctional family drama is enlivened by its superior cast of fine Latino stars .
The roles are paper thin , which is too bad considering the talent of the cast . They have all been better . Molina and Leguizamo , in particular , deserve better material .
The troubles are broad , the plot twists giant , and the performances cheery in this carol to ethnic pride in Chicago 's traditionally Latino Humboldt Park .
Though the picture follows a well-worn path , it does so with a winning degree of warmth and humor .
Spruce with superficial ethnic color -- as opposed to intimacy with a specific social reality -- and you 've got yourself a real niche-filler .
Moving from a Cassavetes wannabe to an unbranded movie-of-the-week helmer , de Villa still shows promise , and after all , even directors have to eat and pay rent .
One could have made a much stronger movie with a cast this good , one that was n't so erratic and driven by such obvious and formulaic holiday silliness .
Almost every Christmas there 's a different version of this movie . Whether a given entry works depends on its character-interplay , and that makes Nothing Like the Holidays pretty good .
True to its bland title , it is n't too Puerto Rican for a wide audience , is n't too racy for a family audience , and hell , is n't even too Christian for an audience not celebrating Christmas .
Nothing Like the Holidays may be less repulsive than The Family Stone , but that 's simply because it wields its strikingly similar story with slightly more subtlety .
Falling somewhere between a telenovela and a sitcom 's big holiday show , Nothing Like the Holidays mixes family melodrama with the good cheer of the season , all with a distinct Latin flavor .
After getting past the awful title , which evokes images of madcap Christmas mayhem , Nothing Like the Holidays proves a mildly efficient holiday stocking-stuffer , albeit one whose one truly distinctive characteristic is its predominantly Hispanic cast .
Set amongst a sociable Puerto Rican-American family in Chicago 's Humboldt Park area , the film leans on a strong ensemble cast to easily trump its narrative familiarity .
About family and forgiveness and coming together as can only happen during the holiday season . And itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s Latino/a to boot !








@highlight

The performances are the strength of Nothing Like the Holidays , a rather ordinary holiday comedy with a latin twist .