It 's easy to see why -LSB- Annette Bening -RSB- was nominated for her performance during the 2017 awards season .
Despite its modest trappings , 20th Century Women reveals itself to be a surprisingly ambitious , freewheeling exploration of a precipice moment .
By sheer repetition , 20th Century Women becomes Dorothea 's coming of age story 40 years late . Mills ' movie is ultimately as aimless as her life has been , messy and marked by fleeting pleasures but not enough .
It 's a warm , wise and funny movie that is heartwarming without being sappy .
Annette Bening does n't get as many leading roles as she should . Part of this may be the lack of roles for older women overall . Or , it may be that she holds out for interesting , dimensional characters .
Mill 's script is very solid ...
The result is a low-key , beautifully acted if somewhat angst-ridden delight , as you might expect from writer-director Mike Mills .
The lovely moments outweigh the bad ones by a meaningful margin .
Mills does n't seem able to get an overview away from his own perspective of the time .
... a rumination and an affirmation on the female lifeforce , and its evolution throughout the 20th century ...
Mike Mills ' whip-smart film revolves around a single mother and her adolescent son amid a time brimming with cultural change and rebellion .
This movie , too , is like a collection of snapshots , frozen in time , as each generation struggles to understand eternal human mysteries that may only make sense as time goes by .
20th Century Women is really more mixtape than movie .
20th Century Women does n't entertain , not as a moment in time or as a study in 20th century women 's characters .
20th Century Women is a smart , funny , warm winner capable of staving off the January blues .
Mike Mills 's new movie is full of small , precise moments .
A solid feminine/feminist film with an excellent cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has the quality of a remembrance , not quite idealized but seeped in good memories and great textural details ...
The narrative is fully under the director 's control , but in this case this is n't a good thing because he controls the past , present , and future , thus the character development is linear and banal .
Writer/director Mike Mills , who gave us the fabulous film Beginners , tries hard to inject style into this semi-biographical coming-of-age yarn , but it 's a long , slow haul .
20th Century Women is n't a perfect film -- some of the changes in perspective are a little jarring and the resolution feels rushed . But Mills has a keen eye for observational detail and the world he creates feels authentic .
Filled with fantastic actresses not only interacting with cultural touchstones , but playing characters trying to make sense of their life through art .
Mills is clearly fond of all these characters , and is happy to dwell on their moments of happiness and sadness , all of which provide knowledge and worldly wisdom to the teenage boy whose life they will so profoundly affect .
A thoroughly entertaining , sophisticated , beautifully crafted film . Highly , highly recommended .
Often warm and funny , this is n't -LSB- simply -RSB- a rosy-hued view of those long-ago days .
Although there are some great insights into the era -LRB- late 70s -RRB- and the struggle to counter the generation gap is effective , the film feels like a contrivance , despite Bening 's superb and refreshingly ` real ' portrayal
` Quirky ' can often be a dirty word , though it does apply somewhat here . Yet , thanks to its five main performers , 20th Century Women feels whole and human . It was only raised quirky .
It 's a nice film with some great moments but Mills ' touch is too tentative to make all that talk buzz and hum as resonantly as it should .
Highly recommended as one of the year 's best .
Mills has created an incredible , heart-warming drama . I could listen to these characters talk and watch them interact for hours .
Mike Mills ' new film 20th Century Women resonates because it is intimidating and deep .
When `` 20th Century Women '' ends , it 's not with the same air of hope and possibility . That 's after all , not its purpose . Instead it finds an essential shared moment in time where these great characters converge ... ` we 'll always have Santa Barbara in ' 79 . '
We finally have a good film that explores what it looks like to raise a male feminist , particularly during this crucial era . More importantly , we finally have a film that actually cares to do so -LRB- shout out to writer/director Mike Mills -RRB- .
Mike Mills ' 20th Century Women features a magnificent ensemble and several intriguing characters , but thanks to a slight case of overcrowding , many of them and their connections to each other are left largely unexplored .
Through a polaroid aesthetic and a psychedelic and selective image distortion , the film embarks us on an iconoclastic journey through the devastating irruption of punk in American culture . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bening shines in 20th Century Women , a small gem of a film .
Clean-shaven Billy Crudup comes off like a creep , but give him a big floppy '70s moustache and the guy 's a movie star .
Annette Bening gives a subtle tour de force as the crumbling heroine of this feminist epic .
A missed opportunity .
There are louder films jostling for attention out there . This one is the secret treasure of the season , though - crafted with tender precision , and built to last .
There 's a certain arch self-awareness in the screenwriting that wo n't appeal to everyone , but I loved the film for its scrapbook structure , its warmth and candour .
Too often , one yearns for the simple organising principles of three-act structure and boring linear storytelling .
More a series of intense character studies than a coherent , linear story , 20th Century Women is nonetheless suffused with charm .
A story about the lives of women , the challenges of parenthood , the value of art and a recent past that now seems unreachable .
Given the impressive intellectual and cultural insight of certain scenes , the narrative aimlessness is frustrating , as emotion is built only to dissipate . Overall , 20th Century Women is somewhat less than the sum of its parts .
A film about people fumbling through life , often feeling lost and confused , that does something very special - it avoids mawkish sentimentality and rings completely true .
The highlight ... is the sparkling screenplay , blending wry observation , provocative conversation and frequent hilarity .
A poignant reflection of life 's joys and sorrows with a smartly written script from director Mike Mills and an understanding of the scary , wonderful things that happen to everyone as they grow up and older .
While all the cast are sublime , this is Bening 's film . She is incredible . It is a performance of the utmost nuance .
This incredibly well written film - where nothing yet everything happens - shows how short our time is and how important it is to remember that and to be with people who matter .
Exasperatingly supercilious and smug - unfocused , self-consciously cute , nostalgic and empathetic , but never properly funny . It feels like someone else 's long therapy session .
20th Century Women , deeply charming though it is , takes its cues from Dorothea 's parenting . It may seem all loosey-goosey but there 's a dictatorial streak underneath , as there is in so much US filmmaking , indie or otherwise .
Mills brings the era alive with spot-on pop culture asides , but he smartly makes the movie all about Bening , who crafts a brilliant portrait of a woman unwilling to pamper her son or shield him from the realities of her own life ...
Eras and generations mingle productively in this film . It 's a social-historical mural that exists in flexitime , where America the Beautiful is an eternal and unassailable dream .
Annette Bening was straight-up robbed of an Oscar nod . This is a delight from start to finish , thanks to a warm-hearted script and terrific performances .
Bening beautifully captures the internal devastation of a well-meaning mother who is n't ready to let go of her son and ultimately loses sight of her own worth .
You wo n't see any other film this year that tries as hard to get under the skin of its characters as Mike Mills ' 20th Century Women . That 's both its glory and what makes it sometimes such a trial .
An insightful and , on occasion , laugh-out-loud piece of filmmaking . Artfully shot and structured , while its warmth and wit shine as brightly as the Californian sun .
A poignant , often hilarious tapestry of family and femininity and masculinity and mortality anchored by two of the most undervalued actresses in the world .
Mills ' perspective on formative relationships is absorbing , and he seems like a great guy .
Poignant and hilarious and wise , a melancholy ode to a moment when the world was changing for women -LRB- and men -RRB- ... and how it still and always is .
It 's the character of Dorothea which makes this such a wonderful piece of cinema , with Bening turning in a remarkably nuanced performance .
Acting honours go to Bening , but it 's Mills ' wit and originality that make this story-lite dramedy shine .
20th Century Women speaks to the ultimate inscrutability of each and every human being .
Though aspects of Mills ' film play out like a guide to the female psyche , for the most part this is a poignant and witty mix-tape .
The film does have some problems with its pacing , but the energy jumps up when any of the three female leads are on screen .
Sometimes Dorothea seems like a time traveler , and so does Mills , as he offers this wry elegy for a loved one and her era .
This film belongs to Annette Bening ; it 's hard to imagine any other actress pulling off her role with such wit and flair .
20th Century Women is really a politically correct emotional biography of that 21st-century anomaly : a non-gender-specific male .
It is Jamie , as played by Lucas Jade Zumann , who gets your attention .
`` Women '' an actresses ' showcase .
A beautiful depiction not just of family but of different generations of characters , mainly women , and what it means to be one in a time of transition and growth .
Personal history is an enchanting muse , particularly in the hands of a skilled and thoughtful filmmaker whose story is worth sharing .
Writer-director Mike Mills creates a world that feels at once distinctly individual and broadly typical , and it 's the same for his characters : We recognize these quirky-ordinary people , even though we 've never met anybody exactly like them .
The bottom line is this : Anytime you get the chance to see Annette Bening work , you should . 20th Century Women is an exceptional film that speaks to all of us .
Mills , a graphic designer , injects 20th Century Women with beautiful , hazy , colourful effects and interstitial artistic side notes , and they only add to the experience of this eminently watchable film , a love letter from son to mother .
Mike Mills gets just the right bittersweet tone here .
At times , the whole thing smells of period psychobabble , but it 's more often a compelling coming-of-age tale with accomplished cast to match .
Though there is n't much of a message to glean from this inappropriately-titled homage to the dawn of female empowerment , one can easily appreciate its vivid triptych of poignant personal portraits .
Mills 's world is certainly not devoid of pain , but it 's leached of bitterness , leached of conflict , leached of aggression , leached of hostility ; the pain and the trauma are leached of consequence .
Dorothea may be eccentric , but she 's never reduced to the cutesiness often seen in pop-culture moms . Bening 's work is just too prickly and warm and real .
20th Century Women is n't overtly that funny , but it 's nicely witty and droll enough to bring forth happy laughs and chortles anyway .
Brilliantly acted , lovingly shot by Sean Porter and seamlessly edited by Leslie Jones , Mills shows that the near virtuoso brilliance of Beginners was hardly a fluke .
Dorothea 's swirling mix of worry and resilience forms the film 's center . It also makes 20th Century Women , a movie detailing history , an oddly perfect movie for the present .
The film is well worth a look , if just for the performances ; just know going in that director Mills calls upon his cast and script to do most of the heavy lifting .
There 's that old expression-may you live in interesting times . Mills ' addendum to that is : And may you be raised by interesting women .
It 's a sweet memory of a movie . It 's just a little too pretty .
It may not be the movie about the cusp of the '70s and the '80s , but it gets so much so right that it 's immersive : a bittersweet reminder of a lost world .
Bening 's Dorothea ... Her baffled but sympathetic expression , her pitch-perfect , one-woman Greek chorus approach to child-rearing , and her essential maternal wisdom add up to one of the finest performances of this past year , in any category .
When you do n't buy into a movie , even the skillfully-turned witticisms float there as isolated one-liners instead of insights in a larger , connected tapestry .
The title is a bit of a misnomer .
The film provides that rush of pleasure and sadness that can come from pulling a favorite album out of the basement and putting it on the turntable . The moment in your life the music connects to is long gone . But it still makes you dance .
It 's a credit to Mills that he makes it feel like he 's making the Earth move even when he 's just capturing a snapshot in time .
Mills ' script is shot through with such gems , precisely worded and beautifully said by a talented ensemble .
It 's the texture Mills brings to his characters that completely sells `` 20th Century Women , '' securing a rich understanding of personality to go along with his more artful take on the flow of life .
What 's intended to be poignant or profound is instead too precious , and what 's meant to be insightful is often confusing .
Touching and well-crafted .
Nothing huge happens , but all of it evokes the subtle stuff that makes us the men and women we are , were , and will be .
It all seems like an excuse for writer/director Mike Mills to revel in the time and place and play lots of cool music .
Mills ' follow up to Beginners is another warmly original film as quirky as it is heartfelt .
Simply put , they are not very interesting or intelligent people . They 're just a bunch of rudderless nitwits drifting down this lazy and chaotic river of a movie .
Mills ' setup could be played for sitcom shallowness , but here his two leads inhabit their characters with small gestures and moments that add up to an unexpectedly compelling film .
The film 's greatest strength is its specific set of characters . While no big events or personal crises happen , no one seems two-dimensional or thin .
`` 20th Century Women '' takes a while to kick in but eventually finds its groove .
This movie is delightful -- funny and dreamy and sometimes desperately sad .
Mills has crafted a loving tribute to the women in his life , and all three of Jamie 's would-be maternal figures are fascinating , fully realized characters .
The drama of Mike Mills ' `` 20th Century Women '' takes place in Annette Bening 's masterful pauses .
There are moments when the movie is wittily revolutionary .
The boy `` coming of age '' in it is n't that interesting . But the women ...
Empathetic and self-searching ... a highly witty , deeply humane look at people who may be too conscious for their own good , people who think and feel too much ever to be truly happy .
A rather poorly directed and edited movie about a mother struggling to raise her son in a world she does n't quite understand or embrace .
20th Century Women , itself melancholic , is a medicine for melancholy .
... for most of these characters , this is a season of life in which everything seems to be happening too quickly .
Mills puts so much of himself into his work , you can almost see yourself .
Mills tells his story with a glancing quirkiness , both affectionate and meandering .
The most surprising part of the movie is how well Mills writes his three women , and how accurately he pinpoints their very distinct anxieties .
The result is a film that alternates between universality and navel-gazing , with the latter turned irritating and the former too superficial
Boasting a perfectly-curated score to go along with well-timed use of archival footage , Mills beautifully captures the passage of time and the changing tide of an era .
If the small domestic drama established in this rich period setting proves satisfyingly emotional , it is because the characters are acutely well observed , both by Mills 's script and by his excellent cast .
There 's not a single false , `` actor-y '' note in Bening 's work . It is a master class in nuanced acting , and it is deserving of an Academy Award .
The women are drawn so fully , and so artfully , that I had to give the film a conditional pass .
It 's Bening 's presence , though , that quashes the quirk factor . She becomes the film 's conscience , restrained and questioning , her eyes filled with the turbulent blues of the nearby ocean waves .
Bening 's characters are always as comfortable as Dorothea 's abode ; we never see or feel the exertion behind the acting .
A funny , complicated burst of joy , confusion and melancholy .
20th Century Women will likely mean more to anyone old enough to have experienced the '70s , but the movie 's big draw is Bening .
As a celebration of personal and social history , `` 20th Century Women '' takes the audience back . But it also lifts us up on a wave of openhearted emotion and keen intelligence . It bursts with the sad , messy , ungovernable beauty of life .
Every time the story is on a knife edge and can drop deeper into turmoil or recede back to the normal flows and ebbs of life , Mills chooses the latter . But this time , the strategy works . It feels real .
If you 're looking for the big plot twist , the dramatic breakdown , the heroic action or some other revelation , you wo n't find it here . Instead we see a woman working through her life , albeit in unconventional ways .
Essentially an autobiographical coming-of-age movie , one that includes a good many affecting moments but , in the last analysis , does n't manage to bring them together into a satisfying whole .
-LSB- Mills 's -RSB- screenplay , rich in the details of a turbulent time as experienced by two generations , is unfortunately undercut by some fanciful directorial choices
It breathes with the open-ended friendliness of a '70s film - vintage Jonathan Demme , perhaps .
A fiercely inquisitive performance from Annette Bening buoys this otherwise pedestrian indie drama by writer-director Mike Mills .
-LSB- Bening -RSB- devours the role , nervously smoking throughout , shy in the face of her attraction to her handyman tenant and embodying steely frustration at her inability to deal with being out of control . It 's the best work she 's done in years .
There is not a single misstep in this poignant , true , and ingenious character drama , an extraordinary film that is one of 2016 's best .
After a thirty-year career and four Oscar nominations , Annette Bening seems to have found her magnum opus in the form of Dorothea .
`` 20th Century Women '' does n't get unduly hung up on plot , or even with the usual forward motion of a coming-of-age narrative . It 's a group portrait of a makeshift family .
Every character is fully-formed and every performance is a gem ; each actor has a scene or a line or a gesture that tells us everything about these people , and by the end , all you want to do is hang out with them for a couple more hours .
Unique , powerful , mature look at '70s mother and son .
The most important thing is that Jamie gets to see these women exhibit full autonomy over their lives and bodies . It 's feminism through -LRB- Jamie 's -RRB- male gaze .
Its charm comes entirely from its characters , and the stellar actors behind them ... Sharp , witty and still emotionally resounding , Bening is fantastic as the lead .
It might just be -LSB- Bening 's -RSB- single greatest performance in a career full of grand ones .
A thoughtful and detailed evocation of an era and especially of one complicated character , with little story to speak of .
If 20th Century Women is as wistful and pleasant as an ocean breeze , its message also dissipates about as quickly as the sand between your toes .
20th Century Women , in a very real way , is about the evolution of the American female psyche .
Willfully meandering but undeniably engulfing .
The movie does n't have a plot , and it does n't really need one . The stars , all superb , say all that needs to be said in their characters ' quiet yearning and desperate search for meaning in a world finally allowing them to find it .
Feels amazingly larger and grander than it actually is .
20th Century Women is refreshing , beautiful , and feminist .
Trying to adjust to the times ... It 's possible they all have learned some lasting lessons in this preciously researched , suburban version of late-1970s California .
A dramedy about a mother 's unusual project to teach her son how to be a good man .
20th Century Women is something special .
A tender , introspective film you 'll want to pull in close , hold tight , and keep with you .
Annette Bening has never looked cooler or more in her element , as she gives a career best performance in 20th Century Women , which is as rich as it is understated .
One of the year 's best movies -- a coming-of-age story in which even the grownups are still coming of age .
Annette Bening gives a radiant , tour de force performance in a simultaneously overstuffed and undercooked film with a dishonest , oversimplified third act .
-LSB- 20th Century Women is -RSB- a multigenerational story that 's light on its feet , funny , and wide-ranging , full of bright performances , evocative music , and the occasional experimental flourish .
A simply glorious Annette Bening -LRB- the Academy needs to that Best Actress nomination happen -RRB- leads a stellar cast in Mike Mills ' semiautobiographical story about a bohemian women raising a teen in the age of 1970 's feminism and punk rock .
Its evocative re-creation transports you to a very specific time without resorting to cheap nostalgia .
Despite the movie 's title and Bening 's central role , women are oddly peripheral .
Love and loss go hand in hand in `` 20th Century Women , '' a funny , emotionally piercing story about a teenager and the women who raise him .
Despite being set in the late 1970s , `` 20th Century Women '' feels like the perfect movie for this moment .
A bracing , invigorating gulp of cinematic oxygen .
Ultimately , the value of 20th Century Women is that it provides Annette Bening with a prime showcase . It 's worth seeing just to watch her grapple with this challenging character
' 20th Century Women ' demonstrates how skillful writing and outstanding performances can transform a simple bittersweet story into something very special indeed .
Bening 's eyes dance with joy , darken in sorrow , flicker with anger , and mist over with regret-sometimes in staggeringly affecting sequence during the same , long take .
Sensitive yet snarky , observing , `` Wondering if you 're happy is just a shortcut to being depressed . ''
For those following filmmaker Mike Mills ' career , `` 20th Century Women '' is a kind of revelation , the ideal he 's been working towards .
The most pleasurable aspect of 20th Century Women -LRB- and it 's pleasurable throughout -RRB- is that it allows itself to be messy .
It is the performances that ultimately ground the film , particularly that by Bening-a marvelous piece of work that deserves all the awards buzz coming to it .
Quite simply , it is unlike any other film out there right now , and cements Mike Mills ' place as one of the more quiet and profound auteurs of his time .
Plotwise , Women is a wisp ; as a mood piece , though , it 's almost irresistibly rich .
What 20th Century Women shows us is more than just a family drama ; it 's that if you look closely enough , anyone 's life , however small it may seem , is a story worth telling .
Although there 's not much of a plot , Mills 's vision spans both the small and large , capturing everything from Bening 's dead-serious response to listening to a record by Black Flag to god 's - eye riffs on passing time and changing history .
Detail-packed but never dull , with dialogue that absolutely sings and characters we want to stay with forever , it 's the kind of work that begs revisiting , like a favorite collection of short stories .
-LSB- Mills is -RSB- good with actors , and with Bening especially , he 's really keyed into her prodigious gifts .
Annette Bening is nothing short of superb .
20th Century Women is irreducible ... although certain adjectives and adverbs do leap to mind : generous , reflective , absolutely delightful .
20th Century Women proves that Mike Mills is the real deal , that his previous success story was not a fluke but the announcement of an exciting new voice .
Mills - who last gave the semi-autobiographical treatment to his dad in `` Beginners '' - draws on strong memories and a rich imagination to recreate Santa Barbara circa 1979 and its denizens .
The movie belongs wholeheartedly to Bening , and to the age , come and gone , that she enshrines .
There 's something to 20th Century Women , something real , but a lack of follow through keeps it from ever being anything more than potential .
20th Century Women ... is an indie film quirkapalooza with more great character work and worthwhile insight than such things usually boast .
The appealing messiness of the characters ultimately matters far more than the overly neat generational scheme .
Every needle drop and every flip of an author 's page is intensely felt because we are getting to know characters through their cultural choices .
20th Century Women is filled with the kinds of people you know very well or ones you would like to know . By the time the movie has reached its bittersweet , tearful conclusion , you 'll want to hug the person who made it .
It 's not that Mike Mills makes it look easy ; it 's that he can so deftly alternate concepts and executions inside a concentrated playing field , mining what 's present for most , if not all , of what they 're worth .
Mike Mills 's 20th Century Women incurs sorrow at the prospect of saying goodbye to its characters .
The beauty of 20th Century Women is that the warmly empathetic Mills never loses track of the characters ' anguished beating hearts .
When 20th Century Women concerns itself with the utterly human question of personal satisfaction , it 's huggable : the kind of movie you wish more directors had the courage to grab for .
Sweet-minded and shimmering in its comedic beats and even more irresistible in its dive into the dramatic elements , `` 20th Century Women '' is one the year 's most pleasant surprises .
20th Century Women is a brilliantly insightful portrait of an extended family told from the perspective of 1979 .
There is a generous amount of visual and intellectual wealth to unpack in Mills ' exquisite 20th Century Women , where female lives are revered , wrinkles are earned , and the idea of a perfect future is astutely confronted .
Writer-director Mike Mills again demonstrates a sharp , sensitive eye for the ways that people learn to make peace with lives they did n't quite anticipate or want . The film is lit from within by its endless curiosity about its evolving characters .
20th Century Women relegates a set of extraordinary female characters to supporting players in a standard coming-of-age narrative . It 's entertaining , but also disappointing .
Imagine if Almost Famous told the story from Elaine Miller 's perspective ... That 's kind of what we 're getting with 20th Century Women .
Impressive and moving .
`` 20th Century Women '' is an endless chain of anecdotes , and though many individual moments are winning , the movie as a whole is rudderless . It never achieves an emotional power surge .
The sheer likability of these lived-in characters is a powerful magnet , thanks to insightful writing and a note-perfect ensemble anchored by a never-better Annette Bening ...
The result is much more complex and exploratory than Beginners which , for all its charm , felt a little thin .
Less twee and more textured than Beginners , this is the film that Mike Mills was put on this planet to make .

@highlight

20th Century Women offers Annette Bening a too-rare opportunity to shine in a leading role -- and marks another assured step forward for writer-director Mike Mills .