This really is Irish cinema at its best , a truly transcendent and palpable experience shedding glorious light on an issue all too relevant from a bold and emphatic director at the top of his game .
We ca n't wait to see what he accomplishes with feature number three Brain On Fire , as we 're sure -LSB- Gerard -RSB- Barrett the director will continue to go from strength to strength . Here 's hoping Barrett the screenwriter does n't remain too far behind .
There 's so much self-sacrifice that 's meant to be noble - it 's unhealthy - and yet there 's not much going on in Glassland outside of that .
Glassland has a minimalist purity to it , and Barrett avoids manipulation and lets the images and characters speak for themselves .
You 've seen stories of substance abuse and its effects on a family , but rarely one as deeply unsentimental and candid as this one .
Glassland smartly plays off Jean 's unhinged disintegration against John 's tense , subdued control . In that contrast lies the power of this film .
A harrowing Irish drama of a young man being torn apart by his mother 's destructive alcoholism .
It earns its tears , even if it skimps out on everything else .
Glassland is impressive , although Barrett struggles to give this carefully crafted narrative a coherent resolution .
A downbeat serving of kitchen-sink social realism with the sink itself thrown in for good measure .
Glassland is a small film with an emotional punch that wallops above its weight class .
The dialogue is sparse , and a certain plot point is so vague as to be positively confusing . But the actors accomplish a lot with a hooded look , a weary sigh and a guilty sip of wine .
While the cast masterfully shoulders the sad affair , their efforts are undermined by Barrett 's unfortunate tendency to tell when showing has already done the job .
Two rock-steady central performances and a handful of gut-punch scenes raise Glassland above its lingering levels of aggressive despondency .
This is a hard , spare , tough movie , at times nearly jarring in its lack of adornment .
A moving drama that reveals the struggles of a compassionate caregiver at the end of his rope .
All we see is a good man in a desperate situation , and it 's up to the audience to dole out any judgment to the character , or to perhaps realize that our own imperfect humanity disqualifies us of judging his actions in the first place .
There 's much in the movie to admire until it runs headlong into a stone wall .
In the movie 's best scene , as mother and son dance to an old pop song , the look on Reynor 's face speaks volumes about loss and hope . It 's a look that 's going to be breaking hearts on screen for decades to come .
The film is an intensely descriptive , head-to-the-ground mood piece , and when it 's not talking too much , Glassland is the satisfyingly tangled love story of a boy and his mama .
Many will -LSB- ... -RSB- praise -LSB- Toni -RSB- Collette 's unflinching lack of vanity and honesty in this portrayal , but I found her performance predictable .
Alternately alive and old-hat , and eventually maddeningly vague , it does n't have much to recommend apart from fine acting and burnished , painterly cinematography . That may be enough . Sometimes it is .
Jean is such a monster , and John such a put-upon sweetheart , that Glassland offers little more than undiluted bathos for over an hour .
Bring plenty of Kleenex . A nickel pack wo n't do .
The film trudges along in Collette 's wake , fumbling for something to focus on apart from the bleeding wound just offscreen .
A very artful portrayal of the storms of the ultra-human condition .
`` Glassland '' is n't the kind of film that will make a lot of waves . In fact , it 's specifically designed not to .
Jack Reynor -LRB- future star -RRB- ably carries the movie until Collette intermittently pops up to seize the camera and devour her desperate son 's entire life force .
Gerard Barett 's low-budget drama is marked out by raw performances and a strong empathy for its characters that help buoy up its downbeat subject matter .
A miscast , not fully convincing Collette hits some wrong notes along the way . Reynor , though , is superb , and his tightly wound , taciturn performance lets us feel the clenched desperation of the young cabbie 's plight .
Despite its über-grim setting reflecting the box-ticking familiarity of a lot of publically funded European cinema , this ... pushes at the contours of its characters ' alcoholism and crime-riddled existence in ways that transcend such strictures .
Gerard Barrett 's second feature is n't short of integrity , but it 's hampered by solemnity and - even for this school of hard-times realism - a somewhat puritanical refusal of visual appeal .
The best Irish film in years .
A tough , but ultimately incredibly-satisfying watch .
Through coiled tension , hooded frustration and , eventually , voluble remonstrating , he gets across a terrible truth about addiction .
Slow-moving and sometimes very bleak but benefits from two exceptional central performances .
While there are some powerful emotional moments , the sense of despair is enervating .
Some may find the ending more cryptic than understated , but for those who embrace it , Glassland is a haunting study of the damage done by personal demons and desperation .
Like the emotional equivalent of a massage with a sandpaper loofah , the film leaves you feeling raw and tender , thanks particularly to the knockout performances from the small cast , especially Collette .
A proper film , robustly made and beautifully acted .
In its rage and its pain , in the wire-brush scrub it gives to the movies ' woozily romantic notions of alcoholism , Glassland feels wholly honest and true .
A thoroughly engaging and involving - albeit tough - viewing experience . Barrett 's strong second feature marks him out as one to watch .
An absorbing drama that deals with severe themes in an intriguing manner .
This sombre , artful but fatally unfocused Irish drama takes us to some grim places .
Gerard Barrett has crafted a clear-eyed look at alcoholism , thwarted hopes and the ruts in which we get stuck.With its unexplained title , downbeat subject matter and deliberate pacing , it 's not exactly Friday night fodder but it 's absorbing all the same .
A powerful study of the personal battles being fought behind myriad nondescript doors .
A small but pretty impressive indie from Ireland with top-notch acting .

@highlight

Glassland 's grim setting is leavened by writer-director Gerard Barrett 's compassionate treatment of his characters -- and bolstered by a strong cast led by Toni Collette and Jack Reynor .