Cunningly directed and well acted , it 's a wholly rewarding film on its own .
If the Elkabetz siblings take orthodox marriage laws to task , the look and tone feels more Scandinavian in the vein of Carl Theodor Dreyer , a great champion of women , like Viviane , who held their own against religious hypocrisy .
Gett : The Trial of Viviane Amsalem opens in a courtroom ; we mostly wo n't leave it for the next two hours , which span five years .
In terms of themes , tone , and intensity , Gett most closely compares to Asghar Farhadi 's A Separation -- both are seamlessly exhausting viewing experiences .
A great testament of an intelligent woman that , throughout history , only wanted to open the roads to equality , comprehension , and tolerance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ronit and Shlomi Elkabetz , who based this trilogy loosely on their own family history , have managed to illuminate the humanity in the characters and turn what could be a preachy , issue-oriented movie into a moving film .
A serious and sometimes humorous and even compassionate consideration of spousal responsibility .
The movie 's not entirely grim-there are colorful supporting characters and moments of comedy-but the experience is absolutely nerve-wracking ... Given the film 's political nature , that 's as it should be-Gett is meant to agitate , not gratify .
Stand out roles include Menashe Noy , who plays Amsalem 's lawyer , and Sasson Gabai , who plays Elisha 's lawyer and brother . However , it is Elkabetz 's performance that carries the film .
I never thought I would enjoy a film that takes place in such a small space for so long . Well , not since Hitchcock 's `` Lifeboat '' anyway .
The film is minimalist but moving , A Separation meets Anatomy of a Murder , a methodical and emotional process film fused with a potent legal drama , as well as a fascinating look inside a religious bureaucracy where male supremacy is written into law .
The movie is soberly directed by Shlomi Elkabetz and Ronit Elkabetz , contemplating a brilliant complexity that sorts the passionate earnestness between two extremes , and that explores a divorce trial in a profound sense . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie is a great discovery . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shlomi Elkabetz and his sister develop a strong narrative , free of melodrama . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Trial of Viviane Amsalem has a script full of sharp wordplay , with just the perfect amount of expressive silent moments . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie appeals to an unreal world , that would easily make the viewer believe it is a real chronicle of a real trial . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie could just be a two-hour lecture , but star Elkabetz and her brother Shlomi , who co-wrote and co-directed , make it into an affecting and even suspenseful human drama .
-LSB- Ronit Elkabetz -RSB- brilliantly captures Viviane 's mounting frustration and the sense of release in those moments when she just does n't care anymore .
If the goal of Ronit and Shlomi Elkabetz was to convey the sheer grueling ordeal faced by their protagonist , they succeeded in a way that 's both powerful and challenging to maintain dramatically .
And you thought Sharia Law was the only thing liberal Western women had to fear .
`` GETT '' shows that sexism is not an aberration , but baked in by design into some of our deepest institutions , and fighting it is a long journey down a hard road .
It 's tough and unsparing , but the grimness is never gratuitous .
Ultimately the movie is wearying , but then it 's likely supposed to be . If Viviane 's going through the wringer , you 're going through the wringer too .
A frequently stunning examination of frustration and indignity .
What the film , directed by Elkabetz and her sibling , Ronit , does , is cast a harsh light on a dark segment of Israeli society that is mostly obscured from the outside world .
Embattled and infuriating , Israel 's submission for the Foreign Language Academy Award epitomizes the concept of male entitlement .
What initially seems daunting and repetitive , blossoms into a riveting exercise in profundity , building toward a wrenching third act that 's as suspenseful as it is disturbing .
Smooth , subtle and continually disturbing .
The kind of tragic and absurd blend that can only be labeled as Kafkaesque .
An unrelenting and important exposé of a system that , as depicted here , has no place in the modern world .
Shot in intense close-ups , the better to study the emotions burning off the characters ' skin , the film is all talk and gestures , but it begins to take your breath away like a chase movie would .
... the largely black and white palette of both the set and the characters ' clothing creates a sense of unreality that emphasizes how removed the court 's deliberations are from real life as it is lived outside the courtroom .
A microcosm of women victimized by patriarchal institutions worldwide as well as an allegory of the universal struggle for freedom .
As Viviane laments , this kind of thing would n't happen in America . True , but there 's not an actress in America who would n't twist her hair into a bun for the chance to play this role .
Suspenseful , wonderfully acted , emotionally jarring .
An overwhelmingly intense film about an Orthodox Jewish Israeli woman trying to get a religious divorce .
Though there is no action , there is vibrancy to the dialog that enthralls for the duration of the film .
Sibling writer/directors Ronit & Shlomi Elkabetz turn a spotlight on an Israeli women 's rights issue using drama , comedy and farce in a stylized courtroom procedural like no other .
One does n't have to have seen the previous films in the trilogy for ` Gett ' to provide a searing view of the Israeli system of divorce , or to make one feel deeply for a modern woman trapped in its religious intricacies .
Ronit Elkabetz holds the camera with great skill . Through its claustrophobia and muted hues , this drama gives you a new appreciation of color and freedom .
How this did not beat out `` Ida '' for Best Foreign Film at the Oscars last Sunday I will never understand .
This movie manages to get under your skin unlike most other films you 're likely to see .
The filmmakers impressively indict an egregiously sexist policy that regards women as men 's property .
The power of the film 's critique is in the overall sensation of a claustrophobic , seemingly endless , and Kafkaesque nightmare from which no one can escape ...
-LSB- Gett -RSB- is as tightly crafted as any courtroom thriller . The difference here is that what hangs in the balance is not guilt or innocence , freedom or the death penalty , but a very different kind of life sentence .
The set-up can seem frustratingly constrictive and redundant , but that 's the point . The film is no more exasperating than the rigid , patriarchal legal system it depicts .
It may puzzle audiences unfamiliar with the Israeli system but the rigid religious bureaucracy devoted to keeping a married couple together at all cost makes for a superb way of adding layers of tension to this effective drama .
Elkabetz commands the screen whether she 's quietly seething or lashing out at the judges and their pointed questions . Her plight provides a painful argument that marriage - and divorce - are better served in the civil sphere .
One feels the oppressiveness of Israeli domestic law , but how one is supposed to feel about the subjects is n't clear .
Despite the seemingly uncinematic nature of this inert , even claustrophobic scenario , the film mesmerizes , utterly .
A highly compressed , exquisitely acted tale of two people who do not belong together plays out as a courtroom saga that , in story terms , runs longer than many marriages .
A world is constructed inside a spare room ; the camera does n't move , cutting between medium shots and close-ups , with each placement reflecting a Sisyphean quest for freedom .
Ronit Elkabetz is the star of the show . For a film enamored of faces , hers is most important , and what she does with it is magnificent .
This may not sound like the merriest way to spend time in a movie theater , but Gett is compelling from its first frame .
Every shot , cut , line , performance , indeed every moment in this feature is perfectly judged , always conveying precisely what it needs to convey in to define its characters and move the story forward .
Almost all of the film takes place inside a courtroom , at irregular intervals over five years , but there is no sense of drag or slump ; on the contrary , the action quivers with tension , impatience , comic heat , and , beneath it all , an irrepressible rage .
Forcefully crystallizes juxtaposition of hypocrisy , cynicism , frustration and absurdity when a woman is forced to abide ancient rules ... caught in colorful and funny tales .
Gripping cinema from start to finish , almost implausibly so .
The divorce-centered drama is so provocative it 's become a lightning rod for debate inside the country . Even watching from a distance is unnerving .
Methodical and agonizing , much like the five-year dispute it depicts .
This all might be laughable if it was n't based on the very real facts of the Israeli court system , which as portrayed here is like Kafka without the surrealist trappings .
Gett has a formal rigor that works like a vise .
The acting , especially from Menash Noy as an ineffectual attorney , is phenomenal , resulting in a feminist knockout told in inverse .
A couple of plot turns threaten to overload the drama , but overall this divorce is more riveting than many a murder trial .
Ronit Elkabetz gives a lively and at times moving performance as Viviane .
I nevertheless found myself pretty much mesmerized by every frame of it .
-LSB- A -RSB- ferocious portrait of a woman who is desperately fighting Jewish religious dictates to regain her freedom from an arranged marriage .
In the hands of sister-brother co-directors Ronit Elkabetz -LRB- who also co-stars -RRB- and Shlomi Elkabetz this patriarchal legal loophole becomes the wellspring for densely rich drama , told with stringent austerity but also humor and judicious empathy .
Siblings Ronit and Shlomi Elkabetz bring their blistering trilogy of male domination in an Israeli family to a rewarding close with Gett , the Trial of Viviane Amsalem .
The film never devolves into finger-wagging hysterics thanks to Ronit and brother/co-director Shlomi Elkabetz 's keen attention to their actors ' performances , especially Ronit 's star turn .
The courtroom 's cramped , near-featureless air of bureaucratic stagnation becomes oppressive even for the audience , making it easy to identify with Viviane 's growing hunger for freedom .
What does a gal have to do to obtain a divorce -LRB- a gett -RRB- from an Orthodox Jewish man ? Quite a lot as this fascinating courtroom drama indicates .
We see a woman imprisoned in her own marriage , and even though there is no direct reason why she needs the divorce , she is unable to have her own goals realized .

@highlight

On paper , GETT : The Trial of Viviane Amsalem might seem less than thrilling , but on the screen , it delivers two hours of nonstop , tightly wound , brilliantly acted drama .