The real suspense is in seeing just how far out Gerald Di Pego 's script is going to go , as this paranoid thriller leaps to the supernatural . It 's poppycock , but well directed : Ruben delivers two or three guaranteed jolts .
Creepy thriller not for faint of heart .
Who wants to see -- or remember -- a wildly implausible thriller that 's also grim and humorless ?
The climax is a disappointment , lacking the quick visual thrills earlier in the movie and failing to answer many key questions raised throughout .
The early scenes work because they rely on Moore 's performance for their effects , but soon we 're thrust into the machinations of the plot , and the film begins to fall apart .
Few films have title more deserving .
Not since Star Trek V : The Final Frontier has there been such a stupid omnipotent force .
The Forgotten , though not an outright bad movie , is yet another frustrating example of a Hollywood film that simply lacks the courage of its convictions .
Starts out as a psychological drama and gets a whole lot weirder as it goes along .
What the father-son bond was to Frequency ... mother love is to The Forgotten , a `` Twilight Zone '' / `` X-Files '' - esque thriller with a pro-life twist .
* Rarely has so much cinematic stuff -- star power , special effects , set design -- gone on in the service of something so evanescent and feathery .
Unusual mix of drama and science fiction , masquerading as a horror film .
... -LSB- Julianne Moore -RSB- is the heart and soul that lifts The Forgotten from direct-to-video fare and into something genuinely interesting .
Goes from figuratively to literally sucking as characters mysteriously go flying into the sky .
Two films in one - a mad rollercoaster thriller in the cinema , and a more subtle psychodrama in your head afterwards .
La frustración proviene de ver un pésimo abordaje de lo que originalmente fue una buena idea que contaba además con una estupenda actriz .
Lurking beneath is an equally creepy sense of latent antagonism now , between Mom and the State when it comes to possession rights over human offspring .
The more you understand what 's really going on , the less you like it .
O que tinha tudo para se transformar em um thriller psicológico de primeira acabou assumindo a forma de um filme B pouco inspirado .
Cool idea . Realized pretty darned well , with some faults . In the `` M. Night Shyamalan '' genre .
The film never grabs the audience ...
-LSB- W -RSB- hy dramatize your premise when you can blow the windows out of an abandoned warehouse instead ?
The set-up is promising but it crashes and burns when the film turns into a bad episode of The X-Files
has a penchant for getting at gooey sentiment through the fantastical
The filmmakers have their characters screaming and running for their lives , and it becomes exceedingly hard to figure out or even care why .
Satisfying explanations of the whys , whats , and whos are missing . Yet this ` X-Files ' type thriller has its moments .
Forced to fess up , a G-man tells Moore , ` The truth wo n't fit in your brain . ' That may be , but I doubt it took up much room in writer Gerald DiPego 's brain .
More stilted and manipulative than any of M. Night Shyamalan 's films . All that 's missing is a scene with Moore sculpting geological landmarks out of mashed potatoes .
The art direction is shoddy and sparing , the antagonists more laughable than menacing , the ending more PG than Full House . Amnesia never sounded more appealing .
Stylish , moody , gripping and utterly nonsensical -- what else do you expect from the director of Sleeping With the Enemy and the writer of Instinct ?
At risk of sounding like a total suck , I mostly liked The Forgotten because it made me want to hurry home and hug my kids .
There is n't much here any semi-regular viewer of The X-Files has n't already seen a dozen times before .
There 's no excuse for a big budget Hollywood production having as many holes and loose ends as this one .
With some improvements in tone and philosophy , would have made a good hour-long episode of Star Trek
Screenwriter Gerald Di Pegoto ... -LSB- is -RSB- like a child caught in a fib , trying to wriggle out of his predicament by cooking up ever more extravagant fantasies .
What begins as an unsettling psychological thriller eventually morphs into a sci-fi curio that becomes less intriguing as it plays out .
The first major rip-off of The Sixth Sense .
Moore is too precious a commodity to fritter away her time and talent on a no-thrills thriller as bland and superficial as The Forgotten .
Despite a terrific cast , thriller walks a thin line between camp and conceit . **
A freaking delight . Ruben keeps the threat both palpable and eerily undefined , and his payoffs are both ridiculously scary and hilariously unexpected .
Moore is actually required to deliver the infamous movie line , `` Give me back my son ! , '' while moments are pillaged from everything from Labyrinth to Dark City .
... in this particular case I 'm happy to value old-fashioned meat-and-potatoes genre craftsmanship over such pesky , trifling matters as logic or common sense .
Late in the proceedings , we get the depressing news : ` This is n't over ' -LRB- those words have n't been so disheartening since Vin Diesel said them in A Man Apart -RRB- .
Any film capable of simultaneously causing me to douse my lap with Mountain Dew in surprise and inspiring the biggest unintentional laugh I 've had all year deserves credit .
None of it is particularly compelling , except in that vague way that your Bad Movie Alarm engages ... : In which particularly ridiculous direction will the film take us ?
It will be . And soon .
` The Forgotten ' deserves to be .
It 's very manipulative , it 's very maddening -- and yet I found it very entertaining .
... a disjointed and derivatively dour drama . Sadly , The Forgotten is n't worth hosting a memory cramp in the cloudy , convoluted noggin .
Joseph Ruben directs this thriller that kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time .
It 's not the impossible premise that snaps the suspension of disbelief but the absurd details -LRB- these all-powerful conspirators use WALLPAPER to cover up evidence ?? -RRB- ...
In this dumb movie , people do more running than anyone in `` Chariots of Fire '' and `` Forrest Gump '' combined .
... felt like a mid-list X-Files episode ...
Moore 's strength as an actor lifts this film above itself and makes it a fun and exciting ride , as long as you do n't know anything going into it .
A fun thrill of a movie .
It has action , moments that will make you jump , plus an emotional connection . It takes an unexpected shift in direction , but it 's still entertaining .
After toying with the audience for most of the picture 's time , ` The Forgotten ' simply leaves us hanging .
Mood over matter ... -LSB- If -RSB- a puzzle is more about spending time with the pieces than regarding the finished picture ... you can enjoy The Forgotten as a matinee trifle .
Like a trashy supermarket tabloid , we are drawn to its cheap thrills .
A profoundly silly film that fails as both a sci-fi head trip and a deeper drama about a mother 's love for her child .
The ending is one of the most awful I 've seen in a major motion picture .
Thrumming up a bravely silly premise with some forceful and dexterous acting choices , Moore is palpably haunted through the film , and yet you imagine this is fun for her .
Mother knows best in this unforgettable thriller .
The Forgotten is kinetic enough to keep you in your seat , but it slips from memory quickly .
The Forgotten delivers enough chills and thrills to make us forget its flaws
Despite its thriller and sci-fi trappings , this film is , above all , a tribute to the strength of a mother 's love and courage .
The sort of movie where , once you learn what 's really going on , you realize you liked it better when you did n't know .
Because the film starts off so believably , its eventual transition into `` Outer Limits '' territory seems dishonest .
if mind - * & $ ! s are your kind of thing , The Forgotten is your kind of movie .
Veers from moving to thrilling to wildly silly like a temperamental patient who has lost his meds .
One of those movies that reaches such ridiculous heights , you hang around just to see how outrageous it 'll get .
Slightly predictable and dumb when all is said and done .
An uneasy mix between Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and the The X-Files , and one not nearly as smart as either .
Perhaps wisely leaves more questions than it answers and for the most part manages to maintain its suspense .
Will be forgotten by the filmgoing public very , very quickly .
Di Pego 's convoluted construction is all frippery with no foundation , and eventually its intricate inventions just seem ridiculous .
It 's the central casting of the remarkable Julianne Moore that gives the movie both a core and a heart , particularly when Di Pego 's script starts making its way further and further out along the limb of credibility .
` You know this is getting out of control , ' someone says near the end of the film . No kidding . Scully and Mulder could have told us that .
Never comes out from under the weight of its dreariness , despite fine acting , foot chases and conspiracy theories galore .
It is not easy for a parent to watch , or anyone who has cared about a child , but not making it easy is what lifts Ruben in good form above the go-for-it thrill grinders .
Fast-paced and gets quickly into its story , generating tension and moments of superficial excitement on a par with director Joseph Ruben 's earlier explorations of families under dark clouds .
Has shocks and a solid performance , but no intelligence to go with them .
Abandons psychological horror for cheesier thrills .
You could wind up with whiplash watching this film , and that 's a compliment .
Moore acquits herself admirably , though it 's frustrating to see this talented actress stuck in such a generic piece .
... draws you in with the promise of a mind-blowing payoff and instead offers nothing more than hysterical hooey .
The only mystery here , once the lights come up , is why these good people signed on to appear in this sad mistake .
Devolves into a best-forgotten clone of an utterly illogical X-Files episode .
It has been 17 years since Joseph Ruben last directed a good thriller -LRB- The Stepfather -RRB- , and it may be another 17 if he ca n't find better material than Gerald Di Pego 's script for The Forgotten .
Such unabashed ludicrousness can be fun , in a brainless sort of way , especially when it 's coupled with lots of sudden defibrillator jolts underscored by crashing cymbals .
As the psychological thriller moves steadily into science fiction , the switch in genres is never convincing .
There is nothing worse than a thriller that does n't play fair .
While this is mainly just an okay X-Files-ish creep show , there are serious jump-out - of-your seat moments .
We get all of Moore , which is a lot , but only half a story , which is not quite enough to make The Forgotten a winning thriller .
Wo n't linger in the memory banks for long , but Julianne Moore 's ability to dazzle will .
The movie begins with a premise : A mother remembers her lost son , and everyone she trusts tells her she only imagines she had a son . That 's a great story idea . But it 's all downhill from there .
Maybe you 'll kick yourself upon leaving the theater , but while the lights are down you 're engaged and increasingly , pleasurably thunderstruck .
I would like to declare a temporary moratorium on movies where people do n't know things , feel like someone 's following them , think they see dead people , or ...
Gerald Di Pego 's maddeningly vague script plays like a M. Night Shyamalan knock-off , all the dread and gimmickry but without a satisfying payoff .
For all the supernatural/science-fictional trappings , this is essentially a love story . The best genre pieces always have real world connections ...
A gripping , disorienting thriller that delivers several jolts that throw the audience off-balance and never lets them get upright .
-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- a quadruple Oscar nominee ... with nothing left to prove . What 's she doing in a cheesy popcorn flick like this ? I think it 's called paying the rent .
The Forgotten is certainly thrilling ... but by the end you just want to slap the protagonist across the face before she mentions her son , Sam , one more time .
A serviceable X-Files episode , elevated a bit by Moore 's contained yet furious take on never-say-die mother love .
It 's fun ... trying to stay one step ahead of director Joseph Ruben -LRB- Sleeping With the Enemy -RRB- , who plays the game well , even throwing in a couple of legitimate scares along the way .
Starts off with great promise but has nowhere to go , missing as it is that small but crucial element of storytelling known as the story .
Ruben builds the same edge-of-your-seat suspense as he did in Sleeping With the Enemy and The Stepfather .
It 's amazing the acting talent assembled for this mess .
A surprisingly action-packed wingding of a flick , a snappy Twilight Zone episode blown satisfyingly large beyond expectations .
Wastes the talents of some very good actors .
Before it 's done , The Forgotten has resorted to such uninspired devices as car chases , perhaps so the script can speed past the many plot holes that open as the story progresses .
If you want to watch good actors do good work , the film will entertain , but some of the plot twists beg to be , um , forgotten .
Plays less like The Twilight Zone than a Bizarro World Lifetime Channel Movie of the Week .
Nothing in The Forgotten happens for any reason other than that it 's in the script .
With my plausibility sensor safely disengaged , The Forgotten was a workout for my imagination .
Creepy , weepy and understated , The Forgotten works thanks to Julianne Moore and a careful mix of sentiment and the supernatural .
It 's almost worth it to keep watching , just to see what ill-advised but unpredictable lunacy we might be in for next .
The Forgotten has a foundation built for thrills and twists , but somewhere in development , the material was thrashed by the stick of stupidity .
Pick it apart , and The Forgotten is a flimsy vehicle indeed ; choose to enjoy it for the cinematic scooter it is , and you 'll get happily sucked in .
Includes what might be the greatest and most unexpected disappearance of a character since that shark gobbled up Samuel L. Jackson in Deep Blue Sea .
It struck me as the most exciting and original Hollywood thriller , occult or otherwise , since The Sixth Sense .
Perhaps it 's in the air , this desire to manage memory , even to refashion the past , with all the discomforting apparent realities out there .
Joseph Ruben 's The Forgotten devolves from a puzzling psychological thriller into paranormal X-Files hogwash .
A pseudospiritual , mumbo-jumbo , science-fiction inflected mess .
For a movie that begins on such a strong note , by the time the end credits appear , it 's become , well , rather forgettable .
Knocks us out of a nice creepy atmosphere into oh-come-off-it-land . They randomly spun the wheel of movie genres to pick an ending . They should have spun again .
An episode of NYPD Blue devolved into an underwhelming X-Files episode .
One-half a good movie . The second half goes wildly out-of-control , leaving the entire film in self-destructive mode .
Now we find out what The X-Files would be like without Mulder and Scully . And it 's not good .
A genuine spellbinder , with the power to suck you right out of your seat .
Members of Forgotten 's classy cast ... turn what could have been a standard Twilight Zone episode into a psychological drama that grapples with compelling questions about grief and memory .
Telly 's unrelenting search for the truth , although depressingly predictable at times , does deliver a few good jumps and allows Julianne Moore to display her acting prowess once again .
When gaps in logic started to show , Di Pego and Ruben started another chase scene , using physical chaos to cover mental chaos .
One of those films that leave you wondering if any of the actors read the whole script before signing on .
One of those mysteries in which the initial premise is appealing , but every step toward the solution puts the film on shakier ground than before .
Ruben 's film is more like The Sixth Nonsense .
Nestled comfortably in the lower-middle level of the they-won ` t - believe-me - but-the-truth - is-out-there subgenre .
The warped yardstick by which this year 's stinkers will be measured .
Cool effects and a great central concept do not a good film make . A decent one ? Yes , but wait to rent it .
It 's enigmatic in the worst sense , in that every explanation for what 's going on holds less water than the last .
An often gripping , puzzling and scary trip through Manhattan , remote Long Island beaches and mountain cabin getaways .
The more spelled-out the puzzle becomes , the less convincing it is .
... leapfrogs from -LRB- an -RRB- intriguing premise to ludicrious levels .
The Forgotten just does n't quite hold up as either a gut-wrenching tale of loss or a convincing psychological thriller .
It invites an audience laugh track with the absurdity of its big reveal . And sucking characters into the sky is a good metaphor for what the film does to its acting talent .
Things are too tidy , too wrapped up with a neat bow ...
Raises more -LRB- and rather obvious -RRB- questions than it answer about the impetus and intelligence behind the eventual truth -- and especially about the coherence of its conclusion .
Had its screenplay not been quite so riddled with inconsistencies and dead spots , The Forgotten would have been curious for more than its timing .
An engrossing thriller that promises to be great but settles for merely good .
I really wanted to like this movie , right up until THE BIG TWIST , which is jaw dropping in the sense that you ca n't believe someone thought this was a good idea .
A pleasantly nonsensical roller-coaster ride .
Even the slightest brainwave crumbles the tale 's infrastructure .
Unless you 've trained your sights on anal probing , you really have no idea how crazy this tale eventually gets .
it works as long as you do n't have time to think about what 's really going on . Unfortunately , the last act slows down to unravel the mystery and the whole film falls apart .
A silly shaggy-dog story that even a slick production , canny direction and a fine cast ca n't rescue from absurdity ... put it out of your mind .
A well-crafted thriller with a dash of horror and a pinch of the surreal .
... a serviceable thriller ... even though it feels an awful lot like a mediocre ` X-Files ' episode at times .
Frightening and enthralling , and quite often , but the film 's consummate thematic missteps cripple the project beyond repair .
Car chases , special-effects jolts , and a socially irrelevant sci-fi story line lifted whole from The X-Files .
Folks are inhaled into the sky like a line of coke up a producer 's nose . If ever there was a movie where the cast should be sucked into the stratosphere , this would be it .














@highlight

The premise grows too ridiculous to take seriously .