Howard the Duck is the single-worst film based on a Marvel Comics character to come into existence .
As you watch `` Howard the Duck , '' you get the vivid sensation that you 're watching not a movie , but a pile of money being poured down the drain .
A fun and fast paced piece of eighties schlock ...
The first big-screen adaptation of a Marvel comic book makes their subsequent films seem like the flowers that bloom beneath a heavy load of dense fertilizer .
The best to cling to is that some of the elements are merely insipid and not actively rancid .
In duck talk , it 's a quacker -- noisy and shrill .
The sad fact is that the duck gets lost in what becomes a special effects film suspiciously reminiscent of Ghostbusters .
In the absence of anything resembling structure , character , point of view or sense of purpose , there is no place else for this empty project to go .
What can you say about a comedy in which the biggest laugh is in the end credits ?
Reservations aside , it 's hard to fault the tongue-in-bill high spirits of a movie like Howard the Duck .
As the film shifts from drab , duck-out-of-water comedy to madcap chase caper , things modestly improve .
Marvel Comics meets George Lucas 's Industrial Light and Magic , and an uneasy , bland alliance it is , too .
For all those who cottoned to the charm of the comic books , the duck stops here .
If you want to know why grown-ups do n't go to the movies anymore , try suffering through this ludicrous curiosity .
The movie is too scuzzy to beguile children , too infantile to appeal to adults .
Who was this stupid film made for ?
As bad as you 've heard . Actually , it 's worse .
... a hopelessly uneven and needlessly frenetic piece of work that 's unlikely to hold much appeal for viewers over a certain age ...
It really is that bad .
Howard the Duck is the first clear sign that George Lucas , who exec produced this mess , ran out of pixie dust after wrapping `` Return of the Jedi .
Howard the Duck is n't quite the booming nightmare its reputation suggests , but I defy most viewers out there in DVD land to sit through the entire feature without maintaining a sweaty , alert finger on the fast-forward button .
The duck does n't fly , but did anyone ever really think it would ?
Everyone concerned with this should have been seated on a ducking stool and drenched .
Daffy Duck will be pleased to hear he did n't miss any career opportunities when he was n't chosen to star in Howard the Duck , although producers certainly could have benefited from his talents .
-LSB- An -RSB- aimless movie .
Actually suprisingly underrated for its ... Oh , who am I kidding ? A goofy disaster of a movie .
This is a genuine clinker .
Um grande embaraço para todos os envolvidos , o filme tem um roteiro ridículo , péssimos efeitos visuais e um protagonista patético -LRB- ou eu deveria dizer ` patótico ' ? -RRB- .
Okay , so I liked it . I 'm one of five people on the planet . Sue me , all right ?
Not as bad as you 've heard . Just a silly sci-fi adventure .
Not even worth a sarcastic , duck-based pun . Diabolical .
Choose the part that suits your taste , but this is a case where half a movie -- either half -- is apt to be better than the whole .
Possibly even worse than its reputation .
Underrated - it was supposed to be bad !
Yeah , like The Phantom Menace was worse than this .
Whatever made George Lucas think that Howard the Duck could have worked as a live-action film remains a mystery .













@highlight

While it has its moments , Howard the Duck suffers from an uneven tone and mediocre performances .