The Disappearance Of Eleanor Rigby : Them is a lovely enough film even though it may not stick with you much long after the ending credits .
As a concept , these retellings of the same story from two perspectives is a brilliant idea , and it 's executed thoughtfully .
It 's a glum , wrenching experience to watch , but the emotional impact is just far too shallow to linger .
If you have three-plus hours to spare , you 'll find good company . McAvoy and Chastain are great , plumbing the emotional depths of their characters ' broken marriage .
It 's a very good film , but throughout it , its phantom limbs tingle , hinting that it was something much more special before its Frankenstein job .
The movie is sad and , occasionally , devastating , but not without hope .
McAvoy and Chastain offer his-and-hers perspectives
A nostalgic , moving and tender story of love , change and loss , made beautiful by the mesmerising performance of Jessica Chastain .
Even the most adamant art-house snob will have trouble defending this one .
Something about this film was n't very satisfying for me . It is largely due to the pacing , which to be blunt is glacial , verging on deathly .
There 's a doleful beauty and elegance to the look of the film .
A haunting meditation on love and loss .
A beautiful look at love and loss featuring Chastain in one of her best performances .
By the time the movie ends , we do n't even know very much more about these two than we did when we started : that they 're a pair of privileged , great-looking people with a photogenic case of the oh-so-sads .
The film is a whole mess of things , but at heart it 's a poignant character study of the divergent ways in which people experience and cope with tragedies , and a powerful reminder that those often have a blanket reach .
It 's dreamy and evocative stuff without fetishizing the experience of grieving or succumbing to the usual cliches
The characters maintain a frustrating emotional distance , not from each other as much as from the audience .
Eleanor Rigby is n't Scenes From a Marriage meets Rashomon - it 's more like Before Midnight turned into a listlessly melancholy TV miniseries .
Them alone feels inescapably like a half-told story , albeit a tender and earnest one with two powerhouse performances at its centre .
American movies are running perilously low on fresh , youngish talent . Who knows what -LSB- director -RSB- Benson will do next . I just left his first movie desperate to experience the second one .
Her is such a well-drawn character sketch-with such a fantastic Chastain performance-that it practically justifies the whole experiment .
Sensitive and sorrowful , it 's a love-gone-awry trilogy .
A glum , torpid tale of grief and loneliness that 's intended to be profound but instead is simply dull .
The characters are realistically flawed and the film tackles grief in a way that is completely believable . James McAvoy and Jessica Chastain are perfectly imperfect together . But the unpolished script slows it down and makes it feel unpleasantly erratic .
The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby '' winds up being a frustrating movie-going experience . You just are n't sure if you are watching the movie 's best possible version of itself .
Chastain delivers a brilliant performance that could earn her another Oscar nomination .
An edited-together version of two movies that explain the dissolution of a marriage from different viewpoints is a mixed-up mash-up .
Benson 's inexperience shows in tackling such a complicated narrative , but a pair of truly great performances save the day .
They get on your nerves . And it all takes place in an environment of casual wealth and privilege that movies too often take for granted .
Worth it for the talent on display , disappointing for what the talent has been given , or not given , to work with .
The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby : Them does not play fair with the audience or its characters .
It unfolds gradually , and with intimacy and immediacy , as it chronicles the first blush of romance between Eleanor and Conor and their relationship 's worst days .
Maturely written , richly characterized , and flawlessly acted .
It 's a keen , dual character study that goosed both hot tears and teeth-grinding from me .
A delicate and ephemeral romance .
`` The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby : Them '' is worth seeing , if only for the way the camera lingers on Jessica Chastain as if she 's a silken magnet .
Lacks the chemistry and cohesion to make us give a hoot about any of the people portrayed by a stellar cast .
The emotions these people feel , the moments of grief , of anger , of love and of clarity they experience , feel both real and recognizable .
It 's an honest exploration of loss of the most devastating kind , an examination of how different people try to heal , if such a thing is possible .
For me Chastain 's unerring honesty is the only element keeping `` The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby '' above the realm of pure affectation .
The performances are uniformly strong and there are some powerful scenes but the overall story arc is less insightful or affecting than one might hope .
The film feels more thrown-together than thought-through .
All I 'm left with from Them are the memories of a great-but-squandered premise and a film so uninspired in its editing and rambling in its presentation that it , like its title character , almost disappears .
Mature drama examines a marriage , warts and all .
What remains is knowing and allusive , but muffled-the earnestness is stalled by pauses and misgivings and occasionally made handsome with long tracking shots .
Six hours to hear the whole pretentious saga of Eleanor Rigby ? Let me spend the day in the Yellow Submarine instead .
The three takes of this film add up to a single okay but not outstanding movie , the two companions of each of them no more than the others with out-takes spliced in .
Written and directed by Benson , `` Them '' crafts an emotional and passionate tale of love lost , regained , and ultimately doomed to exist .
This movie feels more like an actor 's reel than a cohesive narrative .
It boasts -LRB- nearly -RRB- all the elements of a perfectly fine , even very good , movie , without ever quite becoming a movie at all .
Benson 's writing never feels anything but honest down to its smallest details and his exceptional cast is one of the best ensembles of the year .
This is a patiently directed film with a rare sense of how the layout of a space can affect interactions within it .
Slow , solemn , and too elliptical to reward sustained interest .
Smart , sensitive , passionate .
What 's conspicuously missing is any grasp of the lovers themselves . They suffer and yearn , dance in the moonlight and act out prettily , without benefit of recognizable inner lives .
A melancholy ode to love found and lost .
At one point late in the turgid tale I found myself wondering what this movie would amount to if its heroine 's parents had n't named her after the Beatles song .
Of the countless novels and movies that take up this grim theme , few find the right blend of tact , horror and honesty . `` Eleanor Rigby '' is not one of them .
This movie resembles a Beatlemania version of an art house cult film .
What looms largest is the sense of abiding loss of a potentially great movie .
One of Best Films of 2014 with its fresh insights into love , loss , marriage , and family life .
Jessica Chastain is a shining star with acting skills that resonate beyond her beauty . She is at her fierce , unerring best , which is saying something , in The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby .
-LSB- ` Them ' -RSB- is the experiment you see out of vague interest after you 've imbibed the more radical -LRB- and successful -RRB- experiment that is ` Her ' and ` Him . ' The Weinstein Company has it backwards .
`` Eleanor '' is about messiness , and risk - in life and in love . But it 's not all sad .
Rigby may succeed more as a pair -LSB- of films -RSB- ; cut together , Eleanor 's dazed , dreamlike perspective sometimes feels burdened by the weight of Connor 's darker , worldlier one .
The Disappearance Of Eleanor Rigby tows the line between just enough and a bit too much .
I 've seen only a handful of films in my life that were simultaneously so flawed and so powerful .
`` The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby '' is neither a mystery nor Beatles-themed , but it is an elegantly wrought tale of anguish .
Watching these lost characters stumbling through life 's challenges , it becomes clear that the true subject of Benson 's film -LRB- s -RRB- is n't rare or extraordinary heartbreak . It 's the universal confusion of ordinary adulthood .
Disappearance is worth watching for Chastain 's fierce performance as a woman swallowed up by bone-deep grief . If we can feel exactly what Eleanor is feeling , maybe we 're not so alone after all .
It may not be a perfect look at romance gone wrong , yet it is a somber and memorable one .
Boiling these two romances down to one overlong was simple common sense -- or an act of mercy
Benson 's efforts have turned Eleanor Rigby into an accessible , garden-variety love story , and that 's its biggest problem .
Tragic star-crossed lovers are centrally featured here , but the writing and handling are so annoyingly arch and arty that you do n't care a fig about them .
James McAvoy and Jessica Chastain display some of the best on-screen chemistry of the year in Ned Benson 's ambitious romantic drama - an emotionally-charged story about testing the bonds of love while struggling with crushing grief .
If Eleanor disappeared any more from her own movie , everything between the credits would be a black hole .
It 's a measure of Benson 's sure , skillful hand with actors that all the relationships in the movie -- husband and wife , parent and child -- feel lived-in and true , even when the dialogue strains too hard for the meaningful and poetic .
The film abounds in excruciatingly obvious , often precious , articulations of grief , where armchair philosophizing volleys back and forth with punishing abandon .
The beauty of Benson 's two films is that while they do work best as companion pieces , the material and performances are so strong that they also work as standalone movies , both driven by the heartbeat of their separate subjects .
As one movie , it may not be a groundbreaking look at relationships , but what remains is an unusually delicate American drama .
It is very much a first film , albeit one of rare ambition , and there 's every reason to think that Benson will nail it next time around .
It may not say anything new , but it is says it with style and with heart .
It 's ultimately clear , however , that The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby could -LRB- and probably should -RRB- have been edited down to a single , much tighter movie ...
What makes The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby truly stand apart from all the other films of its kind ... is the emotional depth that is allowed to be dug by the film 's premise and length , executed almost perfectly

@highlight

Led by strong performances from Jessica Chastain and James McAvoy , The Disappearance of Eleanor Rigby is a hauntingly original rumination on love and loss .