I think a blanket apology to both audiences and the cast themselves would be more appropriate - it should never have come to this .
Suck it , Avatar .
Jackass 3D is incredibly stupid , but it 's also hands down one of the funniest and most entertaining movies I 've seen all year . Anyone who thinks differently just does n't have a sense of humor and needs to lighten up a bit .
JACKASS 3D is n't just about the pranks and crude humor - it 's a celebration that connected all of them and changed their lives ten years ago , when Jackass first aired on MTV .
Ultimately , they just want to have a good time and take their fans along for the ride . On that front they 're completely successful .
I think it 's because we 've watched these guys get older without growing up one little bit , and since we ca n't all get away with that , there is a freedom and , yes , a beauty to watching someone else pull it off .
All of this happens in 3-D and that 's fantastic .
The filmmakers never fail to take the low road every chance they can , but they must have laughed all the way to the bank .
If you ca n't do something smart , do something right . And Knoxville simply does it right .
There is a reason these men have thrived for so long in a world where any moron with a Flip Video can get on YouTube . They are simply the best at what they do .
It 's clear from the third film that the real movie star who should emerge from the trilogy is not Johnny Knoxville , but the downright charming Chris Pontius , who is loaded with screen presence .
Knoxville 's gang have transformed from ` a band of oddly resiliant dudes making dicks of themselves ' to `` men who really should know better '' . It 's lost that essential youthful energy
Is this the future of cinema ? Let 's hope not . But the concept of grown men debasing themselves for your viewing pleasure is proves worthy of one more go-around .
Taken on its own terms the utterly imbecilic Jackass 3D must be judged a success ...
The real star is the slow-motion high-definition camera that gives even the most basic punch to the face a cinematic sensibility .
Just a case of ` same s *** , different day ' . Literally , in some cases .
Undoubtedly the nadir of the Jackass franchise ...
It 's every bit as anarchic as the TV show and the last three movies with the guys egging each other on before collapsing in laughter at the results .
This latest collection of stunts from Johnny Knoxville and his crew of masochistic nutters achieves at least one distinction : it showcases the most pointless use of 3D in movies .
If you 've ever wanted to see someone vomit , urinate or defecate on a big screen in 3D , it 's your lucky day .
Will the gang ever get too old to cope with the stunts ? Somehow I fear that will just provide a new , more disturbing twist .
It might be the guiltiest of pleasures , but there 's no question Jackass 3D delivers .
Their third and worst film will appeal most to the evolutionally challenged and anyone who retains an infantile obsession with bodily waste .
Why ca n't non-Jackass films show this kind of energy , clarity , force and ingenuity ?
The performers are getting older , and their laughter seems as strained as it always does in zoo-format entertainments .
It 's a healthy form of sadomasochism , built on a simple , homespun philosophy : suffering is part of life , so you might as well enjoy it .
The naked and the damned , or the damn-near naked and the volitionally damned , subject themselves , over and over , to pain , punishment and humiliation . I enjoyed it a lot .
Fans of the series will know what to expect , and this ably delivers it .
The knuckleheads are back with another collection of random acts of idiocy , this time with a 3D camera at their disposal . The result is slightly more controlled than before , but just as stupid .
Undeniably funny and frequently repulsive , the third Jackass movie is n't going to win any new fans or lose any old ones -- you already know whether you 'll like it or not .
The real quibble with the film is that while a few stunts raise some decent laughs , too much of Jackass 3D relies on grossness for its own sake , which can become a tad tedious
These guys are all pushing 40 years of age now , and their post-stunt laughter -- as fake and forced as ever -- sometimes goes beyond an expression of mirth and becomes a coded cry for help .
If you 're ever considered whether a port-a-potty would make a good catapult , this is for you .
It 's fabulously funny in small doses , but these unrelenting pranks and farcical set-ups become too monotonous to endure for a full 94 minutes .
As ever , pratfalls beyond your wildest dreams will deliver moments of unrestrained hilarity for those in search of easy laughs .
The gags come thick and fast . Literally .
The latest installment contains some of this year 's biggest gross-out laughs and fans will be glad to hear the 3-D escalates the madness .
A slap-dash bunch of halfass-ness that 's Fear Factor meets Whack-A-Crotch . Its do n't - give-a-shit indifference to the basics of suspense-building and story cohesion is amazing . A hit-and-run -LRB- to the bank -RRB- , sucker-punch prank on viewers who 've seen better .
Jackass is comedy without an inch of malice , cruelty or cynicism . Its stars may be driven to hurt one another , but they do so with giant , authentic grins , and always end with a cuddle .
More of the same of what we 're accustomed to by the show and previous films , although the gags remain creative , and it makes better use of the 3-D format than perhaps any movie since `` Avatar . ''
It 's not just the audience taken to the edge ... even the cast throw up and the cameraman spews into his lens
PLEASE EXCUSE ME FOR SHOUTING . BUT IT IS IMPERATIVE TO REALIZE THAT IF YOU ARE THE LEAST BIT QUEASY , YOU MUST STOP READING RIGHT HERE . RIGHT NOW . LC drums her fingers and waits for the faint of heart to head elsewhere . -RRB-
Not because I hated it , but because it made me physically ill , a sequence right at the end so putrid and unbelievably nasty I had trouble eating -LRB- or looking at my bathroom , for that matter -RRB- for multiple days after .
Dozens of eye-popping displays of depravity not for the weak of stomach !
The 3D is totally unnecessary .
The boys often wear helmets for their stunts , evidently believing their heads contain something worth protecting .
It 's been a decade and perhaps I 'm somewhat jaded , but cattle prods , whiffle balls , and the efficacies of flesh-on-flesh super gluing are less terrifying , frankly , than the idea of these incorrigible hooligans ever straightening up and flying right .
If you like watching guys subject themselves to insanely stupid and dangerous stunts and pranks , than by all means , this is the film for you . Just keep a vomit bag handy .
Hey , I might be flunking Calculus , young viewers tell themselves , but at least I 'm not letting someone swing a dead mackerel in my face .
Roughly a third of Jackass 3-D is , frankly , flat-out hilarious ... but the rest of the movie is either not funny or absolutely vile .
Jackass 3D has its moments , but it lacks the ingenuity and hilarity of the previous films -- no doubt in large part because of the aging process .
Jackass is at its best when all composition breaks down . Something like `` Beehive Tetherball '' gets its considerable power from the stunt going spectacularly wrong .
For the most part , the dumber the stunt , the funnier it is .
Die-hard fans of the original series , which had the good fortune to sprout before YouTube , may feel as if they 're getting their money 's worth here , though the 3-D component is awfully stingy and tends to be genital - or anal-based .
If physical comedy 's overriding purpose is to make fools laugh out loud , then the first two Jackass films should be regarded alongside Buster Keaton 's slapstick classics .
Jackass 3D : Everything you 'd Expect and Less .
Infantile ? You betcha .
Steve O 's Super Cocktail Bungee routine in a feces-filled port-a-john utilizes distance and trajectory in a way that recalls the great waterslide joke in Norbit -LRB- and should help rehabilitate that wonderful film 's unfair reputation -RRB- .
Whodathunk that Johnny Knoxville and the rest of his jackasses would produce some of the best 3-D of the year ?
Nothing you could n't see at any drunken frat boy party - for free
It 's a disgusting , repellent , sadomasochistic extension of the kind of slapstick that made ` The 3 Stooges ' so popular and filled with gross , gruesome pranks that men seem to find hilarious .
There 's certainly something charming about the camaraderie this gang of idiots shares , as well as their general inclusiveness . It does n't matter if you 're short , fat or ugly-if you 're willing to take a tee ball to the nads , you too can be a Jackass .
Is this great cinema ? No , of course not . But a lot of it made me laugh until I gasped for breath . . I was supremely happy that this film did not include an olfactory component .
Every so often , a routine will transcend merely showing us something we 've never seen before and inscribe itself onto the same coin as Buñuel or Günter Brus .
Why is it I can not resist the Jackass clarion call ?
Unapologetically sick , perverted , deranged and profoundly inane . You 'll have to see it to believe it .
What 's astonishing is that the movie is not a half-baked production . The spectacle now looks spectacular .
I 'm getting old , Knoxville is getting old and `` it '' is getting old . `` It '' is the Jackass franchise , the 10-year-old extreme prank war resulting in more lawsuits and testicular mishaps than Brett Favre 's sexts .
Ten years after debuting their hopelessly juvenile reality stunt show on MTV , the people behind Jackass still have n't grown up at all -- and thank god for that .
It 's gross -- and it 's fantastic .
Though its material is starting to age in a way that its Peter Pan performers reject , `` Jackass 3D '' is still gaspingly funny for most of its running time and the best fully live-action digital 3D film yet . Diarrhea has never looked this crisp .
To critically analyze Jackass 3D against the previous films or other films in the genre -LRB- are there any ? -RRB- is an exercise in futility .
Jackass 3-D is powered by a shamelessly regressive but infectious adolescent prankishness .
More than ever , Johnny Knoxville and his boys belong to a very elite club of idiocy .
The laughs are a little uneven and director Jeff Tremaine does not always take full advantage of the 3D technology , but the movie has enough going for it to satisfy Jackass ' legions of fans and make some new ones .
A fascinating aspect of their unique brand of perilous comedy is how effortlessly the team combine slapstick , Grand Guignol , Vaudeville , and circus sideshow elements .
Prudish ? Do n't go . Curious ? Go . It 's chock full of material that will set your funny bone shaking and your teeth rattling .
It 's everything a Jackass fan could want : projectile vomiting , male genitalia , and poop , all flying at your face in three dimensions .
For me , watching Jackass 3-D was like being plunged into a Hieronymous Bosch painting of hell , yet this very reaction attests to the franchise 's primal , diabolical power .
Indebted as director Jeff Tremaine is to Artaud 's Theater of Cruelty and the works of Luis Buñuel , `` Jackass 3D '' remains surprisingly accessible .
This feels like a natural end for the Jackass franchise . It 's been a great run , but nobody wants to see Grandpa Knoxville get toppled over by a speeding shopping cart .
Like everything else they 've done , `` Jackass 3-D '' plays less like a movie than a mindset . A really inane mindset .
When you create a genre and then excel at it , that 's art . Cinema is first and foremost about entertainment , and Jackass is the purest form of entertainment ... I took five pages of notes to come to this conclusion .
If the evil genius from the Saw films were real , these guys could survive his self-mutilation traps with little difficulty .
It 's like Mythbusters , except no one has a degree and in the end everybody farts on Adam .
It 's gleefully immature . It revels in destruction . And it made me laugh a lot , like it always does .
one of 2010 's guiltiest , and most consistently uproarious , pleasures
3D is stupid , and Jackass is stupid , so Jackass 3D should be a marriage made in stupidity heaven .
Seeing it in 3D was disgusting , but that is not a bad thing .
Too many of these sequences are merely disgusting .
Most of us think of a penis as having two purposes . But as we learn in Jackass 3D , this is a narrow view .
Knoxville would never admit to such loser taste , but he and his friends are obviously scholars of The Divine Comedy , from which they plagiarized all of their ideas ...
The third installment of Jackass contains 3D that is as good as , if not better than , Avatar . The only issue is the pranks are tamer and get old after a while .
It just might be that America 's favorite jackasses , having played around with sharks in their last big-screen effort , have this time actually jumped one , and in 3-D no less .
They 're still here , suffering for their art . Now it 's our turn .
While you will laugh your ass off , the gang could have used the 3D better .
It 's so celebratory that fans will probably be happy , but I miss the danger . I miss wondering how no one in this movie ended up dead .
So pointlessly nasty that it makes the comparatively compassionate Jackass : Number Two look like Toy Story 3 .
If you like fecal matter , I mean love the stuff , this sequel is the Avatar of poop-smeared extravaganzas .
When Louis Lumiere invented the portable motion picture camera in 1895 , it is safe to say he never envisioned it would be used 115 years later for the purposes of the sort of base , stomach-churning , idiotic gags found in Jackass 3D .
`` Jackass 3D gives fans exactly what they want from Knoxville and his crew : an outrageous , gross and raucous good time . ''
an antidote to this year 's cinematic doldrums - a gag-inducing celebration of stupidity
Whether one enjoys witnessing their antics or not ... one should be , I suppose , very glad that one does n't actually have to hang out with these fellows , their obvious camaraderie notwithstanding .
Ten years into the Jackass franchise , it 's obvious the well is starting to run dry . Then again , if you show Johnny Knoxville an empty well , he 'll jump in headfirst . After packing it with writhing snakes .
The Jackass guys , goaded on again by fearless leader Johnny Knoxville and director Jeff Tremaine , do n't seem as eager to outrage as they once were .
The only truly new element here is the use of 3-D , which occasionally brings various stunts leaping off the screen and into your lap , whether you like it or not .
More often than not , this third installment in the franchise , directed as always by Jeff Tremaine , does n't take full advantage of its visual potential .
Despite the added dimension , Knoxville and company end up falling flat on their aspirations .
Few suffer as cheerfully for their art as Johnny Knoxville and his band of scatological stuntmeisters , and the gut-busting pleasure they take in every act of self-humiliation proves as infectious as ever .


@highlight

The Jackass gang might be running out of gross-out stunts , but this installment contains plenty of brilliantly brain-dead comedy -- and the 3-D adds a pungent new dimension .