Jigsaw does n't quite get there as far as slasher films go . It 's a weak imitation of the previous films but it 's not the weakest in the franchise .
While largely one for fans of the franchise there is more than enough here to appease genre fans of all opinion .
Jigsaw : failing to pick up the pieces since 2010 . It 's a massive shame for what was once a playful and fun horror movie franchise .
The acting is pretty mediocre , par for the course for most Saw movies . This is n't the worst installment of the Saw franchise ... this movie does what it needed to do and what it intends to do .
... beyond the gore , it only offers 90 minutes of narrative conveniences that will test even the lowest of expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A missed opportunity for sure .
Dementedly twisted , like one of Jigsaw 's fiendishly constructed torture traps , the Saw franchise screams back to life with the Spierig Brothers ' ace eighth episode in the fun fear franchise .
New levels of sadistic boredom . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
But it also lowers that tone of morality or using morals to justify the avenging God by punishing the sins of others , and that 's appreciated . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... more filmic depth than it may seem . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Seven years after Saw : The Final Chapter , the torture series has returned with a fresh title and a stale everything else .
If you are looking for classic Saw , unfortunately this film only partially delivers , with the same being said for its attempt at fresh originality .
Jigsaw stands as a more-of-the-same followup that seems to have emerged directly from a template for the series ...
Fits perfectly inside the gear that is the machine of Saw ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For fans and newcomers alike , Jigsaw is a disappointment : this reboot has the worst story , the worst characters , the worst writing , the worst twists and the worst traps .
... it is completely unnecessary , a mere copy of something that worked many years ago . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is not as wild as its -LSB- predecessors -RSB- . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The resulting Grand Guignol will please fans , although the gore is never as groundbreaking as the drowning in pig entrails and reserve bear traps of old .
For this franchise , a full 13 years after it was born into the world , it could have been a lot worse .
There 's no possible mystery . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Considering that Lionsgate had seven years to refocus their flagship horror franchise , the whole of `` Jigsaw '' is puzzlingly undercooked .
Oh , come on , just stop . Stop it .
Jigsaw is not scary , it 's just ugly and cruel .
If it gives you morbid pleasure , you will see it . We do not recommend it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Jigsaw -RSB- seems like a necessary reaction to the everyday madness of our newsfeeds .
A marginally better entry into the franchise .
Disappointingly , most of the traps feel more like remixes of the past than anything drastically new .
Another grisly , cheating round of Jigsaw Roulette , where there a bullet stashed in every chamber of the gun .
... like its seven successors , this latest instalment of the horror franchise offers up the usual diet of gruesome visuals delivered with grim and grimy elan .
Jigsaw is n't a horrible film , per se . It just barely feels a part of the Saw universe . After having over a decade of creative traps and vile , claustrophobic settings , this latest addition lacks the heart and zest to stand out from most of the sequels .
You know the drill here . A movie like Jigsaw is not here to make friends . It is here to make you feel as if you might be about to lose your lunch .
Bloody and gory but also laborious and uncreative , fans will probably walk out happy , but even they wo n't be able to turn a blind eye to Jigsaw 's overall inferiority and shameless attempt at a much overdo Halloween cash-grab .
The revitalised franchise is more teen-friendly but if , like this reviewer , you enjoy a good squirm , this Saw needs a good sharpening .
You could say everything you need to about Jigsaw without ever mentioning the one film called Jigsaw , which is especially egregious since it positions itself as a vital puzzle piece . It is n't .
The eighth movie does n't bring anything new to the series . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite containing elements of sequel , prequel and reboot , Jigsaw feels very much like business as usual .
Jigsaw is n't just re-treading old ground ; it 's new and old at the same time , a complex , tense , and brutal gorefest that feels completely unlike any horror movie of the past half-decade .
It remains to be seen whether Jigsaw can hook in new generations of horror fans or bring back the crowds which supported the highly profitable earlier films , but this genuinely is a fitting jumping-on point for the Saw saga .
Which brings us to `` Jigsaw , '' which fails for very much the same reasons as `` The Mummy '' - It was made to launch a franchise rather than because it was actually about something .
Jigsaw is n't any less competent than the best of its predecessors , but it is little more than a capable rehash of things these films have done over and over .
Jigsaw is hollow genre exercise from a series that once dared to dip its toe into the health care debate .
All the Spierig brothers really bring to the material is cleaned-up camera work .
Seven years after Saw 3D , you would 've expected a back-to-basics approach , but Jigsaw doubles down on the franchise 's twisty storytelling . It feels too long , and it 's only 90 minutes .
There 's nothing to see here that needs to be seen .
There 's nothing left to Jigsaw but to wait on the next gory death , and then reset for the next . It 's a cinematic funhouse of viscera to be immediately discarded after viewing .
For the very first time , it feels like the makers of a Saw movie are n't even interested in their own game .
Watching Jigsaw go about his torture business is about as interesting as watching a child burn ants - a dumb and ugly waste of energy , resources and time .
Jigsaw is the law of diminishing returns elevated to lamentable levels
-LSB- Saw 3D -RSB- garnered the worst reviews of any Saw flick , scoring 9 % on Rotten Tomatoes . So of course they had to make another one .
Jigsaw feels like a forced hodgepodge of previous franchise entries that never carves its own identity , making you question what prompted such an expected reboot these few years later .
Hardcore fans should be delighted even if this reboot wo n't entice haters of the game .
It 's is n't what you 'd call ` necessary , ' but it 's made with enthusiasm and ingenuity .
Look , if you enjoyed the previous installments , you 'll like this one too ; it 's designed to be precisely the same experience . This is not an endorsement .
Jigsaw continues that trend , afraid to reinvent the conventions that first turned the series into a reliable moneymaker .
Fans of the ` Saw ' franchise should see this movie . Everyone else , not so much .
Saw cleans up pretty well in these modern times : This is the first movie that actually looks sort of expensive , and it trades the sickening green color palette of the first seven efforts for actual daylight .
It 's fun to watch . I just do n't think it 's the kind of fun the filmmakers ' planned .
`` Jigsaw '' is simply the same old stuff , only more deflated and desperate , missing visual oomph , ghoulish imagination , and a reason to be .
The pieces may be flimsy , but they manage to fit .
Despite its meticulously detailed gore , Jigsaw is rarely scary .
As a one-off serving fans a nostalgic dose of a mid-2000s fad , it 's just what the coroner ordered .
Considering the long amount of time since the last installment , you 'd think that more effort would have been put into creatively reviving the franchise .
It 'll do the job for anyone who must see a `` Saw '' movie in theaters on Halloween weekend .
The `` Saw '' genre was originally dubbed `` torture porn . '' But at this point a more accurate description might just be `` overkill . ''
A slick soulless horror flick just in time for Halloween , more trick than treat .
Grisly , deviously twisted and wince-inducing , Jigsaw plays like a greatest hits of the Saw series , blended up to if not a series high , then certainly a return to form .
The traps are much higher tech than John Kramer 's old rusty Rube Goldberg machines , but they remain true to his spirit of anticipating your every move before you even knew you were going to make it . That 's what 's important .
... this is a capable enough Saw sequel , definitely better than parts 4 , 5 , and 7 .
He 's up to his old tricks again , even though he 's been dead for a decade , and by old tricks , I mean old-and-musty .
It does n't justify a seven-years-later return of a once novel/unique horror franchise .
Torture-porn fans rejoice ! The franchise that lumbered on for seven films and grossed almost a billion dollars has been revived , meaning that another group of luckless so-and-so 's are facing a series of gruesome tests that they probably wo n't survive .
The cast just about sells it all ... making the brisk runtime fly by . You 'll wince , you 'll wile away 90 minutes , and you 'll struggle to work it all out ... what more do you expect from a Saw film ?
If you do n't like Saw , this is n't going to change your mind - but it 's skilful , satisfying schlock and respectful of its fanbase . And the final death is a show-stopping coup de grace .
It 's more by-the-numbers action than grab-you horror . Jigsaw 's screenwriters do n't have the guts to push beyond the boundaries .
The Spierigs give us gore aplenty , but nothing that can compare to a pit of hypodermic needles or the unflinching brutality of hacking off one 's own foot .

@highlight

Jigsaw definitely wo n't win many converts to the Saw franchise , but for longtime fans , it should prove a respectably revolting -- if rarely scary -- diversion .