Proves you can spell funeral without ` fun . ' -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Death at a Funeral never quite hits the farcical heights it 's aiming for , but it 's still got plenty going for it , thanks to an excellent cast and experienced direction .
When turned loose on accessible , not altogether-insincere dark-comedy scenarios , Frank Oz understands humor at a molecular level of structure , volume and timing . An impossible last-shot stinger aside , `` Death at a Funeral '' is farce at its most flawless .
Lazy comedy , and it 's only made passable mainly by its manic cast and pace .
Despite a final half hour that 's full of laughs , Death takes so long getting its farce gears moving that the audience becomes comatose with anticipation of mirth that is too late in coming .
... an ingratiating bit of energetic silliness that 'll surely delight fans of British comedy ...
Death be not proud , but it sure be funny in this deliciously dark comedy .
Who knew the man behind Miss Piggy -LRB- literally -RRB- did English humor so well ?
Oz goes back to the well and taps into British humor , which has been so influential over the years for him , going back to The Muppet Show '' in the 70s
It 's no classic , but it did prompt me to watch those great old Ealing Alec Guinness comedies again .
This Funeral wo n't leave audiences in a mournful state .
Dispiriting .
A fine British cast is wasted on feeble material .
Death at a Funeral has a great cast and a suitably chaotic plot but it 's never quite as funny as it thinks it is .
In the end the knockabout humour totally destroys the glimmers of spiteful sophistication which would have made it much funnier .
Take away the Four Weddings and you get this dismal Brit-com .
You 'll wince and fidget and groan , and finally wonder at the nerve of the film-makers who thought they could get away with this .
I hear the script was funny , which is hard to believe : this is grim , misjudged and seems to go on for ever .
A staggeringly inept farce .
Scientists believe that black holes can slow down the progress of time . A similar effect can be felt by viewers of this damp squib of a farce as it grinds on from one lame set-up to the next .
As funny as losing a finger .
A pleasantly unpleasant comedy that belatedly delivers . You wo n't die laughing but you should n't expire from boredom either .
A farce - but not in the way its makers intended .
An apologetic-looking cast treads gingerly over the resulting wreckage , though only the guy in the coffin emerges with his credibility intact .
A patchy but silly caper that will be dead funny -LRB- sorry -RRB- for anyone who 's recently wrestled with family hysteria . Perfect pre-Christmas fare then .
Scatological grue , nudity , swearing , drug-taking and the chance to watch two grown men wrestle a midget ...
When people try to make British comedies for American audiences , bad things invariably happen .
A sole potty joke is unnecessarily crass , but for the most part this is joyfully funny .
For farce to work well , the plotting needs to be watertight , whereas here the sheer excess of characters fails entirely to cover up this film 's flimsy underpinnings .
Feels strained .
Goofy burial digs up family secrets ; not for kids .
Death at a Funeral might have been made in the 1960s , not to be released until well past its stale date .
The film begins with a vaguely tired joke , but this just makes what follows that much more delicious .
Weighing in at a brisk 90 minutes , the picture does have the advantage of brevity , and on screen no less than off , there 's much to be said for a quick send-off .
Very funny and entertaining , a sometimes-dark comedy somewhere between Four Weddings and a Funeral and Meet the Parents .
A total misfire from director Frank Oz , whose endeavours to deliver black humour wobbles fatally . With its excellent British cast , it 's not all bad , but the plot is hackneyed , the tone is wrong , and what aspires to be funny leaves us embarrassed
It 's a British comedy that shows the minor miracles that can be performed with a cast of -LRB- mostly -RRB- British actors , a drawing room , and a funny idea .
I nearly died laughing .
Once everything is finally in place , Death at a Funeral springs to comedic life with such speed and assurance that it 's hard to complain .
The stench of desperation wafts from the screen , as Craig and Oz randomly grasp at one hackneyed device after another ...
Another Frank Oz comedy with a mean streak , this time with such delights as an old man defecating in his wheelchair .
Death at a Funeral may be the funniest movie ever set in such a deadly serious setting .
... the funniest movie in years , maybe decades .
Once it gets some speed behind it , the thing just barrels forward with reckless abandon , tossing out gags that work at an impressively effective rate .
Just when you think things ca n't quite get any crazier , they do .
No , there are n't a lot of surprise giggles in it . But at this Funeral , the pleasure is in seeing those giggles coming .
The result is the best British comedy in years .
The comedy does n't have much to say , but its humor is killer .
Writer Dean Craig creates a beautifully intricate farce , and it 's how the interlocking pieces snap together that provide much of the mirth , rather than the sometimes stale gags along the way .
The movie is not always laugh-out-loud funny , but at least it never becomes tiresome or aggravating -- and that 's more than a lot of comedies can say .
Death at a Funeral has almost no delightful machinations , no consistency of tone , no relatable characters , and worst of all , no funny jokes .
A well-stitched comedy that veers a little toward by-the-numbers but manages a few sweet surprises .
... it 's like walking into a fancy restaurant and being served a dead rat : tonally inconsistent and sufficient to discolor the entire experience .
If , like me , you ever thought the supply of British comic talent was unlimited , here 's surprisingly convincing evidence to the contrary .
This is classic British ensemble comedy in a traditional style , with wonderfully understated performances by everyone % u2013 except the unfortunate guest mistakenly high on acid .
I just found it tiresome and tedious and predictable .
It 's sillier but funnier than Knocked Up , the summer 's other notable comedy .
A standard but serviceable vulgar farce .
This is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen ... -LSB- It 's -RSB- practically Shakespearean in its exquisite foolishness and comedic intrigue ...
There 's no time to catch your breath ; Death at a Funeral is that funny .
Thanks to its finely honed timing , hilarious one-liners , quirky characters and non-stop laughs , ` Death at a Funeral ' is enormously funny .
I 'm all for a good poop joke but just getting pooped on is n't itself funny . Especially when they spend the whole movie setting up the old guy and he needs help with the bathroom . Might as well send a telegraph .
While trying so hard to have such a good time , the movie simply forgets to be funny , and begins to grate before the body even cools .
A refreshingly small , self-contained low-budget comedy in which Dean Craig 's clever script is the primary attraction and scene-stealer Peter Dinklage is the biggest star .
Insanely funny , if occasionally out-of-control , black farce .
A heartless film in which dozens of selfish people do n't care at all about the dead guy , which allows us to laugh instead of , you know , grieving .
Screenwriter Dean Craign exhibits a real feel for the way that a crisis brings out age-old hostilities . Craig uses humor as a cover-up to say something about the way families pull apart as well as together at difficult times .
As dumb and redundant as its wink-wink title . Devoid of the charm and wit that 's become the hallmark of so many British ensemble comedies , it feels more like some frantic , door-slamming stage farce than an actual movie .
Sporadically funny , but for the most part , Death is just thoroughly modest .
It takes a while for Frank Oz 's ensemble black comedy Death at a Funeral to hit its deliriously nutty stride . But when it does , the laughs do n't stop until the movie , like the subject of its family get-together , has taken its last breath .
Even at a brisk 90 minutes , though , the show begins to feel like a memorial that has dragged on too long . Comedy plus bad timing equals disappointment .
Struggles valiantly to be funny but is mostly dead on arrival .
Death builds slowly and inexorably to a comic explosion that 's just too good -- too insanely , impossibly mortifying -- to spoil here .
Frank Oz does some of his best work ever helping the actors get the most out of barbed throwaways .
A fast , furious and riotously funny british farce in the tradition of Monty Python and Peter Sellers .
It reminded me of A Fish Called Wanda , and while I ca n't say it reaches the perfection of that 1988 classic it comes just close enough I ca n't wait to see it again .
Death at a Funeral stands apart from other movies with rude humor because its characters are determined to keep a stiff upper lip no matter what .
Death at a Funeral finds its comedy in the peculiar human trait of being most tempted to laugh when we 're absolutely not supposed to .
I 'm just thrilled Oz is recharging his directorial mojo , making a funny movie that contains some actual funny
A slow burn that snowballs into a rip-roaring and veddy British climax . Very enjoyable ! Please read review .
Set among the perpetually polite and embarrassed British , the film is at least tolerable .
A fine example of how much tone and execution affect low humor .
` Wrong ' is the operative word with Death at a Funeral , which in the first very funny 30 minutes shows its hand and then , unfortunately , continues to wave that hand frantically for the next hour .
... this is the type of film where the deceased spills out of his coffin , people are splattered with feces and if one person can accidentally take a hallucinogen , three are funnier .
A well-crafted British farce -- albeit one with an American director , Frank Oz , working the controls - this throwback to the haughty high jinks of vintage Ealing comedies begins with an obvious , but effective , gag .
No , there are n't a lot of surprise giggles in it . But at this Funeral , the pleasure is in seeing those giggles coming .
Dinklage makes the most of a thankless role . The remaining actors are all OK , all immediately forgettable -- like the movie itself .
This broad farce blows the coffin lid off dignified send-offs , thanks to Dean Craig 's screwball script and the deft direction by Frank Oz .
Director Frank Oz has pulled off this kind of material before , most notably in Dirty Rotten Scoundrels . But Death at a Funeral is too crude , and a bit too mean -- in particular , the blackmailing subplot featuring Peter Dinklage .
Although set in England with a predominantly British cast , Death at a Funeral is no stiff-upper-lipped comedy , but a lean , mean , and often crude , farce .
Death at a Funeral is a passable example of the British species of comedy . Directed by Frank Oz , it has the requisite amount of knockabout silliness .
An old-fashioned English farce with enough gross-out humor to rival the dumb and dumberest of American movies , but also enough smarts to make your pleasure guilt-free .
Full of tired , sitcom-level gags .
In a successful comedy of manners , the screenwriter and director are supposed to build the carefully lain plot to a frenzied fever pitch . Between Craig 's lackluster script and Oz 's tepid direction , its gait never gets beyond that of an elderly mallwalker .
This is a rollicking good show , reminscent of two classic Alan Dwan-Dennis O'Keefe screwball comedies from the '40s , Up in Mabel 's Room and Getting Gertie 's Garter .
To call this rubbish would be an insult to rubbish .
Describing the plot and characters does n't begin to convey the out-of-control energy the film radiates . You have to be there .
Death at a Funeral shows us how funny farce can be -- even with the hokiest of premises -- in the hands of the British .
The talented ensemble cast brings a certain amount of class to what ends up being a genuinely laugh out loud funny comedy .
Like Altman 's Gosford Park , Oz 's film is an organism comprising intersecting oddballs ...
. . spins and whirls and sputters and wheezes , but never at exactly the right moments .
Screenwriter Dean Craig and director Frank Oz are not at all shy about possibly offending midgets , the elderly or the dead . From a hilariously insipid rambling eulogy to a naked man on the roof , this funeral turns into a demented upper-class riot .
Oz does a decent job of building up to Death 's big laughs .
Dying is easy , comedy is hard , as the saying goes . A comedy about dying , especially a British farce , requires a specifically light , deft touch , which director Frank Oz achieves only about half the time in Death at a Funeral .
Working with a broad script by Dean Craig , director Frank Oz goes for American-style physicality , marching his players around a country house in which a toilet , alas , plays a big part .
Oz keeps all these balls in the air pretty deftly , and the cast tears into it . What gums things up is Craig 's script .
Death at a Funeral never even approaches the best of Oz 's oeuvre .
Death at a Funeral is flawed , but I 'm willing to forgive a lot of flaws when a movie makes me laugh as much as this one .
Death at a Funeral is a dark British farce whose conventionality should not be held against it -- old-fashioned farces are murder to bring off .
An attempt at dark comedy that comes off more dark than comic ... strained and effortful rather than blithely lighthearted .
This is a comedy that favors mania over wit and requires a high tolerance for sh * & $ . It did n't evoke more than the occasional smile from this viewer .
Silly , screwball comedy - for those who enjoy droll British humor .
Starts off as a sedate British comedy , until the drugs kick in .
feels like a British attempt to pull off American humor -- broad versus dry . And while it does n't always work , it makes for an interesting take on a familiar dish .
A rousing British farce filled with many antic moments and huge embarrassments .
A strained farce in which lots of one-dimensional Brits converge at the memorial service for their family 's patriarch and proceed to act like buffoons .
In the end , the all-out pandemonium wins us over , but only just .
Puts the fun in funeral .
The tension in Death at a Funeral is between good manners and good comedy , something -LSB- director -RSB- Oz exploits throughout . Humor has a decided British accent , given that it 's all about making genteel people cringe .
This topsy-turvy funeral produces a number of smiles , giggles , pleasant guffaws and several solid , sustained laughs . Not a bad batting average as comedies go .
Director Frank Oz nearly redeems himself after his disastrous `` Stepford Wives '' remake , with a British black comedy that goes over the top backwards .
Everything that can go wrong does go wrong in the funeral that serves as the center of this serviceable , well-acted British comedy , which offers some clever hijinks and some amusing moments if not really big laughs .
A brilliant bunch of character actors completely let loose on the material .
A crisp and clever hour and a half that , like the best screwball comedies , barely pauses for laughs .
Funerals can be fun is the point made by this British comedy , a Feydeau-like farce brimming with brio , one that travels beautifully across the Atlantic .





@highlight

Death At A Funeral is a rousing British farce , with enough slapstick silliness to overcome its faults .