Harry Brown might just about have got by as a tongue-in-cheek popcorn romp , but by setting itself up as a virtual state-of-the-nation address it only draws attention to its own petty , embittered vacuity .
If all these aspects could be fleshed out and balanced , `` Harry Brown '' would be an excellent film . As it stands , it 's an interesting look into one man 's vigilantism , whose partial success is entirely do to the many talents of Michael Caine .
By the end , it 's turned from a geriatric Death Wish into a one-dimensional Taxi Driver ...
'' -LSB- Caine -RSB- elevates this grim vigilante-fest from pretty darn good to essential viewing . ''
A lot to digest stylistically and narratively , but Harry Brown is developed in an ever-increasing , shock-inducing manner and is undeniably successful .
Although Caine lives up to expectations in this nicely crafted -LRB- though violent -RRB- film , the oversimplified story he 's given to work with keeps it from the top of Caine 's impressive filmography .
Harry Brown is a more meditative take on garden variety exploitation , but its attraction lies in the same guilty pleasure centers of the brain that exult in a kind of movie violence that is the very opposite of senseless .
Caine , that master of gentle sadness , lets us know Harry immediately as a good man trying to get by -- and trying to understand what seems like madness .
A very good film -- albeit very violent and bloody -- and contains yet another splendid Michael Caine performance . I 'm not complaining too much based on those grounds alone .
Maybe Michael Caine just wanted to make his `` death wish '' before kickin ' his `` bucket list . '' Say what you wan na say , but I 'd rather watch old-timers bust gums than tandem parachute with Morgan Freeman while John Mayer plays softly in the background .
In the hands of a lesser actor , this would feel just as clichéd as it sounds . But Caine brings his smarts as well as his baggage to the character , making him more than another mad-as-hell guy with a gun .
A revenge fantasy that recalls the Charles Bronson Death Wish series and Clint Eastwood 's Gran Torino , Daniel ... would be unremarkable if not for the grave , lowered gaze of Michael Caine and the relentless grittiness of its cinematography .
Forget those boring , ludicrously overpriced , would-be summer blockbusters and go see the art of vigilante-movie-making done to a fare-thee-well . Caine 's Harry makes bad-boy Russell Crowe 's Robin Hood look like a sissy .
After a long run of baroquely plotted crime dramas like Layer Cake and Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , it 's a little depressing to come across a vigilante drama whose sole twist is its protagonist 's advanced age .
This latest in the slumming mini-genre offers a couple of new wrinkles : Michael Caine and self-righteous , soul-satisfying vigilante justice .
Full disclosure : I 'd happily rewatch even my neighbor 's vacation video from Dollywood if Caine were in it . And here , brooding , world-weary and emphysemic , he is , of course , magnificent .
What could have been a smart urban drama turns into a ludicrous revenge-thriller .
-LSB- A -RSB- poignantly observed portrait of the bitter loneliness of old age -- director Daniel Barber has a keen eye for making the isolation sneak up on you and sting ...
It 's simply the tale of a man who decides to do something and sticks to his guns , so to speak . That the man is played by Michael Caine is what makes it worthwhile .
The film is dark , beautifully half-lit and as controlled as it needs to be so Caine can work his way deeper into the character . His performance is astonishing : Harry is stooped , no longer physically strong , but he has immense reserves .
Stylishly filmed in a grimy palette of putrescent green and muddy brown , the movie seems at times almost to revel in the nastiness it depicts .
This is tabloid propaganda and an irresponsibly negative stereotype to attach to the youngest and poorest section of society .
Ill-informed pessimism is bolstered by childish ideas of revenge .
What substance Harry Brown has -- beyond selling fear and cynicism -- lies deep in the still-compelling eyes of Michael Caine .
On one side , it 's all compellingly believable ; on the other , it 's simply incredible . We do our best to straddle the rift but , in the end , the gulf proves too wide , the contrast too great , and a tumbling movie takes us down with it .
More DEATH WISH than GRAN TORINO , which is n't a bad thing . Caine is downright iconic !
At heart , this is pure exploitation trash -- a pensioner ` Death Wish , ' with a septuagenarian vigilante bumping off some of the most cartoonishly depraved scumbags since the heydays of Charles Bronson and Foxy Brown .
You can see why Caine would want to play Harry Brown ; it 's not so clear why he 'd want to be in Harry Brown .
The film ranks right up there with Sleuth , Get Carter and Mona Lisa as being amongst Caineâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s toughest and best performances .
Harry Brown is cinema for outraged talkback radio callers and tabloid readers as it revels in blatant fear mongering .
While Michael Caine delivers a terrific performance , the film 's predictable script and poorly developed characters result in an unengaging work
Unlike most films of its dubious genre , Harry Brown avoids gratuitous gunplay and sensationalism and has a down-to-earth and fallible central character .
The grit and vengeance are especially ire-provoking as the police do little but spout boilerplate and deny that an old man is capable of cleaning the streets .
While director Daniel Barber gives the film a suitably grungy look , Gary Young 's ragged screenplay leaves something to be desired . But Caine is able , channeling righteous indignation straight out of the Old Testament .
In Gran Torino , Eastwood took on the moral issues that screenwriter Gary Young and first-time director Daniel Barber studiously avoid . It 's the difference between riveting and repellent .
Such familiarity can breed contempt among all but the most bloodthirsty , and it would in Harry Brown as well if not for Caine , who somehow breathes life into the most cardboard of characters .
Exploitative and crass , the film paints an ugly portrait of youth gone wild and the ineffectuality of the police to curb the menace .
Michael Caine delivers a stunning performance in Harry Brown , a rancid little revenge fantasy that probably does n't deserve him .
Harry Brown thrashes , telegraphing its punches from a mile away and whiffing every other knockout attempt , but when it connects , it 's a whopper .
Caine 's impeccable performance gives the film unlikely stature . It 's impossible to imagine the movie without him .
Working itself into a lather of confrontation and conspiratorial hooey , Harry Brown ends in a cross fire of incredulity and cliché .
When it comes to combining vulnerability and menace , nobody does it quite like Caine .
Harry Brown is a mean and exceedingly well-made little B-picture , but the questions it raises are far too complex to answer with a gunshot .
Harry Brown lets Michael Caine show us his action-hero side one more time in a film that Charles Bronson would have been proud to call his own .
Michael Caine is at the top of his form as he goes out on his own in a cruel world in this fine ` Death Wish ' knockoff .
Caine acts dignified throughout , but there 's no way to dignify dreck .
Michael Caine 's the only reason to bother with director Daniel Barber 's middling , grim genre effort .
Harry Brown proves you 're never too old to take out the trash .
Gritty and almost unbearably intense , this British drama not only offers yet another terrific performance from Michael Caine , but it also marks the feature debut of a filmmaker to watch .
A suspenseful , grim and unflinchingly brutal revenge thriller anchored by Michael Caine 's brave and captivating performance .
Here are these terrible social problems , these kids dealing drugs and disrespecting their elders . What are we going to do about it ? Just blow their heads off .
Whatever charges might be leveled against this young director 's worldview , his in-your-face approach to filmmaking is refreshing and provocative .
Caine 's geriatric slasher may have gripes against UK youngsters with bad behavior . But the ` do n't trust anyone under thirty ' carnage , is really not the role model example that the elders should be setting , by killing 'em all and sorting 'em out later .
Barber brings a stylistic flair ... At the same time , his depiction of violence is disturbingly realistic .
Caine is magnificent as the title character , combining the sentiment of his more recent screen persona with the steely resolve he exhibited as an action hero in the 60s and 70s .
Caine 's finest acting hour in a while reminds us he can still get down and dirty with the best of them .
Gritty , engaging and moored by a fine performance from Michael Caine which again proves this sort of atypical avenger sub-genre is n't purely some aggressive Stateside phenomenon .
-LSB- Michael Caine -RSB- performs his nasty work with verve , not only because he 's fired a lot of movie guns , but also because he brings the memory of his great roles to every part .
A triumph of both technique and substance .
It thankfully strips away the veneer of glamour that Guy Ritchie and his imitators have applied to British crime films over the last decade or so .
We 've seen too many movies like Harry Brown before and most of them are better .
Caine remains a sublimely enjoyable actor to watch . He 's so smooth , even when he 's playing rough , that he can convince you that you 're watching something artistic rather than just a prettily rendered piece of peculiar formula ...
While the vicarious excitement of seeing a citizen mete out rough justice can be decried , it ca n't be denied .
He ca n't decide if he 's making a gritty social document or an escapist vigilante shoot-em ' - up/modern-day Western . In trying to have it both ways , he accomplishes neither .
-LSB- Caine gives -RSB- a performance that lends credence to a movie that desperately needs it .
Harry 's world is the apocalypse that far-right-wingers normally need romantics like Cormac McCarthy to dream up .
It 's a strong directing debut for Barber , who uses the poignant power of Harry 's experience to take a universal cut at decaying communities and the poverty of soul as well as pocket .
It 's unnerving entertainment for those watching , steeped as it is in realistic-looking , senseless violence . But this portrait of the soldier as an old man is deeply moving .
deeply conservative single-note exercise in self-righteous justice , as unfettered by its cruel and uncomplicated politics as any of its Death Wish forebears
Thanks to -LSB- Caine -RSB- , a film that might have been a cheap revenge melodrama instead becomes a rather moving tale of an elderly man 's valedictory crusade against the callous brutality of the modern world .
Caine 's weary , quietly towering performance as a lonely widower who does battle with local hooligans is a classic case of lipstick on a pig , obscuring the film 's roots as simple-minded , reactionary swill of the Death Wish school .
-LSB- Caine 's -RSB- vigilante hell-raising might have seemed more thrilling if only it were n't so overly familiar and predictable .
Michael Caine makes not a single interpretive misstep in the British thriller Harry Brown . The tragedy is that the performance comes to nothing . Nearly everything else in the film is vile .
Directed as a debut by Daniel Barber , it places story and character above manufactured `` thrills '' and works better . We are all so desperately weary of CGI that replaces drama .
Caine 's a superb actor -- nobody sneers with uglier , angrier menace-but his lack of standards has landed him in so many rotten movies that his act-aholic presence is distracting throughout .
Part punk-drab British art-house portrait of underclass despair , part bloody vigilante pic , Harry Brown is shakily held together by industrial-strength sound design and the expertly employed theatrics of Michael Caine in the title role .
It 's not always completely realistic but we always have Harry to keep us focused . He 's the man who would be Bronson .
Comes from a raw , tougher place than the Guy Ritchie gangster hijinx . These characters do n't banter or practice gymnastics ; they act brutally and are brutalized in return .
We like our secondhand vengeance as sleazy and bloody as the next grindhouse fiend , but even an intentional throwback should n't feel content to coast on so much déjà vu .
The ugly stuff in this movie is so over the top that sometimes you are forced to stifle a laugh , but the star always comes through .
Director Daniel Barber 's lame handwringing about the root causes of youthful alienation forms a thin veneer over the real purpose of this self-important piece of rubbish -- to hold us hostage to the director 's bottomless appetite for spurious depravity .
The moment Barber resorts to over-the-top violence as a means to an end , Harry Brown becomes an unintentional farce .
Do n't go looking for comparisons to '70s vengeance cinema of films like Dirty Harry or Death Wish because director Daniel Barber 's film is far grittier and more realistic .
Caine makes a grave , soulful vigilante avenger , and first-time director Daniel Barber gives the film a dank , streaky , genuinely unnerving palette .
This tragic London tale is an echo of a universal malaise , of bored and uneducated youths turning to drugs and crime , threatening not only their own well being and their own lives , but the safety and the lives of others
A hard-hitting drama that knocks you sideways , this superbly constructed film about an ageing ex-Marine faced with the problems associated with living in a dangerously depraved neighbourhood , is a wonderful vehicle for the great Michael Caine
When the simple and the predictable keeps you in a state of tension and admiration for its entire length , those characteristics become attributes .
The theme of a man 's aging and loneliness is intriguing but that violence is cartoonish .
Not that a mindless , teeth-gnashing , Bronsonesque exercise in screen fantasy was in order , but there are adrenaline shots within Barber 's direction that are never properly plunged , as if the filmmaker was fearful of indulging the obvious .
This despairing drama is ultimately less interested in revenge fantasies than it is in exploring themes of aging and urban crime .
It may be difficult to imagine someone as mild-mannered as Michael Caine in a vigilante role , -LSB- but -RSB- it 's exactly what makes Harry Brown so damn entertaining .
... the movie is generally far more successful as a subdued character study than as a revenge thriller .
Harry Brown is a vicious entry into the tried and true revenge formula . Michael Caine , no matter how old he gets , will always be able to kick your butt .
Caine 's mesmerising , tough-as-old-boots performance makes Harry Brown , if no Get Carter 2 , somewhere not a million miles removed . Get some .
As narrative - and moral - maths go , this is a cooking of the books that sidesteps any smart commentary on real life .
Harry Brown 's no Get Carter , but thanks to Caine , this not-so-big movie 's still in reasonably good shape .
Harry Brown is one of the most gorgeous-looking British films of the decade .
Daniel Barber 's film occupies an interesting position on a certain type of Britfilm continuum with Ken Loach at one end and Nick Love at the other .
Daniel Barber 's luridly brutal debut goes quickly way over the top .
Caine is fantastic . Playing Harry like a retired Jack Carter , he brings much-needed pathos to the film 's loud pontificating , and softens its rough edges with some well-timed comedy -LRB- dark and dry though it may be -RRB- .
Harry Brown could easily have been scripted by the staff of the Daily Mail with a helping hand from Jeremy Kyle .
-LSB- Caine is -RSB- never less than watchable and lifts what threatens to be yet another derivative revenge yarn into something better .
The hero might be Brown , but Harry is black and white in its treatment of inner-city blight . When all the bullets are spent you 're left with the dubious aftertaste of exploitation , but Sir Michael 's charisma keeps you watching .
Caine is surprisingly convincing as the septuagenarian avenger , even though it 's a little uncomfortable to root for a vigilante , no matter what the justification for his actions . No doubt , fans of Gran Torino will not be complaining .
Harry Brown is not a great film , but it is an important one , with messages we ignore at our peril .
A gritty and exceedingly violent revenge thriller set in Broken Britain . It may be dour at times , but -LSB- Caine -RSB- turns in a very respectable performance .
Harry Brown is less Gran Torino and more knackered Ford Transit but just as compelling as the Clint vehicle .
The youthful villain demographic , plus the prompts to our indignation , come straight from the UK tabloids . But before it spins into terminal hokum , Barber 's feature debut has moments of power and menace .
First-time director Daniel Barber delivers a full measure of foul-mouthed brutishness , but his picture is strictly cartoon-level in terms of character and story .
A morally dubious thriller that is caught between social realism and lurid sensationalism .
-LSB- Daniel Barber 's -RSB- bludgeon-you-over-the-head social commentary and borderline fascistic torture porn is thankfully offset by some remarkably sensitive camera work , plus a tear-jerking performance from the 76-year-old Caine .
Caine 's central performance is as impressive as anything he has recently done .
Fast and blood-splattered , stinks of weed , underage sex , mindless murder , blind loyalty and flexible morals and does n't sell out to a cheesy ending .
If you can get past the reactionary overtones of the plot , Harry Brown is an impressively directed , frequently gripping British thriller .
A blazingly confident movie from first-time director Daniel Barber , which is packed with strong performances . And the lawless mood is evoked so well , at times it feels like a Western . It 's a disturbing , downbeat but vital British film .
A movie that 's stuffed full of gratuitous violence that 's grounded in a gritty realism with the added masterstroke of Caine 's casting as Harry Brown .
As a slice of histrionic Charles Bronson-esque revenge cinema , it pushes all the right buttons .









@highlight

Its lurid violence may put off some viewers , but Harry Brown is a vigilante thriller that carries an emotional as well as a physical punch , thanks to a gripping performance from Michael Caine in the title role .