A perfectly serviceable thriller , with a few good twists and some properly frightening moments .
Sleep is expressly designed to make you a nervous wreck ... Frankly , the film does all this awfully well . But working against it is an enough-already-we-get-it finale , plus a sense that we have n't been pulled into Kidman 's plight as much as we could be .
There are a lot of decent jolts and pregnant pauses that build to an unexpectedly emotional ending - there wo n't be that much new if you 've read the book , but it 's still an intriguing premise all the same .
Ssuperbly acted and , for much of its intricately plotted length , grips like a vice .
What went wrong in this adaptation ?
It takes only 90 minutes -LRB- it seems longer -RRB- to get to an ambiguous ending that is typical of the cynical way mysteries are scripted nowadays .
... seriously lackluster ...
It was better when it was a comedy starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore .
This is 50 First Dates-dark , but lacking that film 's humor , characterizations , dramatic interest , and consistency .
Suspense is strong thanks to Joffe 's steady pacing and an unsettling , menacing atmosphere . Thanks also to fine performances from the three principals -- especially Kidman .
A lot of emotion but not enough screenplay to keep things moving even for the spare 92 minute run time .
There 's a resigned manner in the way Before I Go to Sleep plays out .
Before I Go To Sleep vacillates so wildly between aims and issues that the conceit seems worthless .
`` Before I Go to Sleep '' is a flimsy , disposable movie that 's only positive is it allowed a couple of decent actors to draw a paycheck .
Even the most indiscriminating moviegoer will see straight through the preposterous twists and lamebrain logic needed to propel a story about a woman who wakes up every morning with her memory erased .
Ultimately no more clever than a 10-year-old boy with a penchant for making armpit noises .
While it boasts an impressive cast and a promising premise , Before I Go to Sleep suffers from a lack of imagination and conviction , resulting in a mediocre mystery thriller .
An imponderable and grim psychological thriller .
A stylish , somewhat brutal , Brit-centric bedtime story about deception , danger and Nicole Kidman in distress .
Stylish and suspenseful - like ` Gone Girl , ' it belongs in a new sub-genre labelled ` marriage thriller . '
If I had the option of forgetting about everything that happens in Before I Go to Sleep , I know I 'd take it .
Joffe attempts to trump up the tension with some cheap scare tactics , an atmospheric score , a few obvious twists and red herrings , and some convenient nightmarish flashbacks .
The screenplay is very suspenseful in parts , but that tension does n't hold up throughout .
`` Before I Go To Sleep '' lacks the chilling punch of an earlier Kidman vehicle , `` The Others '' .
It 's hard to tell if the film is hampered or helped by the performances of its three stars , because it 's so amateurishly written and directed that their participation beggars belief .
Like GROUNDHOG DAY without the laughs . You 'd be better off sleeping .
Before I Go to Sleep does little to redefine the psychological thriller genre but still offers an intriguing central mystery that should keep viewers guessing .
Kidman and Firth are both excellent in their sadness and savagery , and Joffe builds tension far better than most of the horror movies available at your local Cineplex this Halloween weekend .
Before I Go to Sleep leaves you longing for short term memory loss to wipe away the 90 minutes spent watching an R-rated clunker that 's a violent , brutal , and illogical mess .
`` Before I Go to Sleep '' is n't merely bad cheese , it 's Limburger .
There 's no edge , no pulp , no grit under its fingernails .
It 's shallow , it 's silly , it 's pat . It 's ... forgettable .
We are all caught up in the messy web of deceit and mystery . It 's kind of fun .
Throbbing musical crescendos and flickery flashbacks abound but apart from some outlandish plot machinations , nothing here is good or bad enough to be memorable .
With luck , Kidman will erase this inept thriller from her memory as quickly as it leaves theaters .
It is n't Hitchcock , but it will do .
As long as viewers do n't get a close-up look at the puzzle pieces , the film offers a giddy tension , but eventually the teasing becomes tiresome and you just wish Joffe would cut to the chase .
`` Before I Go to Sleep '' describes the portion of the movie you 'll be able to endure before Nicole Kidman 's eyes well up for the 40th time , and the yawns commence .
Filled with far too many contradictions and implausible situations .
Such a snooze , barely putting in the effort to be a proper nail-biter before it reveals that it was never about suspense anyway . It somehow bores and disappoints in the same instant .
A dumb movie made by smart people who make way too much money for me to feel sorry for them . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The point is to make us distrust everyone and everything that everyone says . It works a little too well , because we end up distrusting the movie as a whole .
Were it not for the participation of two A-list actors , Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth , Before I Go to Sleep would have been headed straight to video .
Kidman , in particular , takes honors for her smart , unshowy work , conveying desperation with her eyes and terror in the way she refuses to trust anyone with her real emotion .
You could catch a quick nap during the film 's denouement .
The ending means most of the stuff that came before could never have happened .
It 's just another forgettable genre film . If you do n't figure it out within half an hour , you probably have n't been to a movie since 1999 .
If the story is a smidge predictable , at least the movie is pleasingly old-fashioned and grown-up , with a '90s paranoid-thriller vibe .
The story is so poorly-plotted , nonsensical , and misogynist that it 's hard to imagine one person liking this material , much less millions of literate book lovers .
If it were n't for the diligent performances of its stars , who inject some emotional depth into this bogus claptrap , `` Before I Go to Sleep '' would be an unwatchable , titter-inducing catastrophe .
Although `` Before I Go to Sleep '' is a handsomely made , often intriguingly twisty thriller , it feels like awfully familiar business .
-LSB- An -RSB- average thriller that 's punctured with annoying plot holes .
Unfortunately , the film turns out to be not quite as twisty as promised : it 's less a pretzel than it is a Cheez Curl .
This is really a B-movie posing as an A-movie and I do not buy it .
Grim , humorless psychological thriller which goes from scrupulously set up , clenched tension to violently haywire , senselessly brutal action .
It 's a pretty , beautifully acted turd .
At the moment `` Before I Go To Sleep '' looks like this year 's grand-prize winner for Most Befuddling Narrative Structure .
A lethargic , very silly would-be thriller ... featur -LSB- ing -RSB- scenes of abuse that are extremely nasty and protracted .
`` Before I Go to Sleep '' is a bad dream . It 's a wobbly psychological thriller with only a trace of thrills .
The premise is promising , but writer/director Rowan Joffe seems at a loss for how to handle the material ; it all eventually , like Christine 's memories , fades away .
Despite a palpable chemistry between Kidman and Firth , Before I Go to Sleep lacks the level of sheer suspense and fear factor we 've come to expect in amnesia thrillers -LRB- the best example being the daring Memento -RRB- .
A nifty premise , but other films have done this with more verve and imagination . The fine cast almost makes up for the ponderous tone .
Despite its intriguing premise , the film amounts to little more than tedious , clichéd melodramatics .
Before I Go To Sleep turns a ludicrous premise into a fitfully suspenseful , consistently interesting exercise in audience manipulation .
It 's a figure-eight effect where the shifting sands of the story make our loyalties and our readings of the central mystery ebb and flow . It 's a work of wonderful manipulation ...
A sheep in wolf 's clothing .
In short , the movie works , although probably not so well as the book does .
This dull thriller wastes the potential of Nicole Kidman and Colin Firth .
If Gone Girl 's success and artistry have motivated people to explore the marriage thrillers -LRB- or `` chick noir '' -RRB- further , Before I Go to Sleep may be the counterpoint to give it a rest .
Whatever else this puzzle picture is , or is n't , the three stars turn it into an acting tour de force .
Before I Go to Sleep feels like a recurring nightmare - the kind you wake up from and wonder why you dream in clichés .
Before I Go To Sleep 's combination of talents on both sides of the camera means that while it may not rocket you to the edge of your seat as quickly and cruelly as the recent Gone Girl , it 's hardly a snooze .
A relatively mild thriller , but the cast is excellent and the direction is slick and classy .
Before I Go To Sleep has all the right ingredients but it is not enjoyable : Tonally one-note - especially thanks to that score - it squanders its riches , which , when they 're Kidman and Firth , is a crime .
In the annals of amnesia movies , Before I Go To Sleep may not be remembered fondly . If at all .
Imagine Groundhog Day without any of the good bits .
Director Rowan Joffe , who adapted the screenplay from the best-seller by S.J. Watson , pulls off a stylish mystery for most of its duration , though the self-serious tone adds tarnish rather than polish to this otherwise engaging , diverting affair .
However silly the denouement might be , the journey there is quite intriguing .
Kidman delivers such a finely delineated portrait of a woman adrift that you may be willing to overlook the rest .
The basic problem with this thriller is that it 's not very thrilling .
With David Fincher 's Gone Girl a bona fide hit , multiplexes will probably soon be flooded with further examples of what is now being referred to as the `` marriage thriller '' . If so , it 's a trend I can get behind .
No front-loading of Oscar-worthy talent or uttering that over-used adjective , `` Hitchcockian '' , can disguise the fact that Rowan Joffe 's daft thriller , Before I Go To Sleep , is anything more than a high concept , low IQ , airport novel of a film .
Feels rather manipulative as it tries to assert its premise . . -LRB- but -RRB- this is just about the only negative in an otherwise taut and terrific thriller with a vulnerable female -LRB- Nicole Kidman -RRB- at the centre
There 's a compelling aspect to this psychological thriller in which reality , truth and reason struggle against the dark subtext of the unknown , but the heavy-handed cloak and dagger elements push it over into the realm of the incredulous
The final act pits the movie against logic , in a dust up that logic 's sure to lose .
What might have been a smart , insightful thriller is instead a creepy bedtime story .
Enjoyably preposterous ...
A lack of consequence and an absence of character development are to be expected in a film about a woman whose life is reset every night , but these are challenges that Steven Knight 's screenplay sets itself and then never rises to meet .
You could n't say that Before I Go to Sleep is n't entertaining . But you could n't say it was remotely plausible or logical either
When it finally collapses under the weight of its own preposterousness , this would-be elegant thriller becomes a cheap retrograde melodrama .
Joffe conjures superb performances from the perfect cast : this is Firth and Kidman at their best . A sexy , chilling and stylish trick of the light , this psychological thriller knows exactly what it 's doing .
Chilly and uninvolving .
Joffé needed to find a visual language to make Christine 's point of view loom large . He fluffs it .
A rousing , blood and thunder mystery that works even better if you have yet to read the book .
Joffe stretches for Polanski or Hitchcock , but his suspense is undercooked and his plot flails when it should twist .
Before I Go to Sleep is the kind of casually effective thriller we see too little of these days .
In short , it 's the sort of film during which you think about everything you should n't be thinking about during a film .
A clever premise ca n't help but grab the audience 's attention as this mystery-thriller plays with ideas of identity and memory , but the simplistic filmmaking makes it feel like a cheat .
Before I Go To Sleep is chiefly a grand manipulation with just about enough clever twists to keep you , if not on the edge of your seat , at least happily alert , guessing along with the plot .
Strong performances keep the viewer guessing as much as our heroine , but the character drama recedes as the thriller element builds , to its detriment .
Best we all just pretend like this never happened and move on .
A murky tale , intriguingly told .
As a thriller this is perfectly effective , but while director Rowan Joffe keeps the twists coming , something about Kidman 's blank , frosty performance is unconvincing .
The good news is that Rowan Joffe 's adaptation of S.J. Watson 's 2011 publishing phenom is far from a snooze ; the bad news is that it 's the film 's escalating , po-faced ludicrousness that holds our attention .
While Rowan Joffé attempts to rack up the trills and lay down plenty of false trails , this psychological thriller fails to spark despite the good intentions of a game cast .
A handsome thriller , absorbing for its duration and with a couple of neat rug-pulls .
Promises an exploration of memory and its relationship with identity but in the main delivers only superficial , yet admittedly stylish , thrills .
This decidedly average psychological thriller represents a missed opportunity .
This amnesia thriller is one of the most memorable films of the year .
Roland Joffé has constructed a briskly paced , devilishly clever cat-and-mouse game , with a shivery atmosphere and an impressively tight focus .

@highlight

If it does n't completely avoid thriller clichés , Before I Go to Sleep still offers a stylish , fast-paced , and well-acted diversion .