Eddie Edwards has an unbreakable spirit and undying determination to achieve his lifelong dream that is impossible to not respect
Even though this may not represent these actors ' personal bests , its rousing , uplifting spirit is infectious .
I did n't warm to Egerton at all in Kingsman but -- perhaps egged on by the starry company -- he 's excellent here , delivering an Eddie who is as likeable as he is naive and single-minded .
... with the combined star wattage of Egerton and Jackman , Eddie the Eagle is a fun little movie .
There 's a truly loveable sense of relating to Eddie Edwards .
The filmmakers rely on Peary 's brooding soul-searching and his need to redeem the downward slide of his own life and career through Eddie to carry the drama.The thing is , Eddie 's underdog career is dramatic enough .
Eddie the Eagle is infectious .
Egerton is a likeable hero -- as he was in Kingsman -- and the movie can easily claim a respectable third place on the podium .
As Egerton 's gurning , one-note performance is beginning to lose its charm , Jackman 's A-list grit arrives just in time .
A rousing underdog film about an Olympic ski-jumper that will send you home with hope in your heart .
Watching this eagle take to the sky still manages to be a cheery delight .
With his milk-bottle glasses , jutting chin and fuzzy moustache , plucky British ski jumper Eddie ` The Eagle ' Edwards ... remains an endearing figure of fun in this feel-good sporting romp .
Eddie the Eagle is one of those underdog sports stories we all love so much , with an excellent performance from the likeable , empathetic Hugh Jackman .
It gives a newfound appreciation of what -LSB- Edwards -RSB- achieved and turns his struggles into an amiable and enjoyable adventure .
`` Eddie the Eagle '' does n't soar as high as it could have , but at least it does n't crash .
A completely harmless and likeable film , but ultimately forgettable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A pretty conventional film that manages to have sex appeal , nostalgia and an overall uplifting feeling . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It might not transcend in history , but it 's entertaining and does n't offend anyone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A soft film that managed to capture my attention with its simpleness and optimism without a any drop of cynicism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A feel good movie about losers with lots of respect and love . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Part of what makes ` Eddie ' work is director Fletcher putting perspective on these shock-and-awe-inspiring ramps , showing us just how Achtung ! Verboten ! dangerous the sport is .
Cheesy and predictable in the extreme , what matters is that it works ... it 's the good old British pluck in Eddie 's DNA that really sells the film , making it stand out as a true hero narrative in a movie market choking with super-powered comic book ones .
The outcome of Eddie the Eagle is apparent to anyone who 's ever seen a sports movie before , but that really does n't matter .
The writers have tried to craft the ultimate crowd-pleaser but they 've got a few steps too far . Some parts feel unbalanced and do n't ring true .
Audiences will enthuse , chests will swell , and critics will struggle to avoid phrases like crowd-pleasing and heart-warming . Oh , bother .
It may be predictable , but there 's comfort in knowing what you 're going to get ; a feelgood film that will put a smile on your face .
Go on , you know you 'll love it , and if you do n't , well , you can go jump .
For those who watched the Winter Olympics in that era , this brings back the sense of disbelief and comedy and affection that this lunatic inspired .
Peary is a completely fictitious character , but Jackman plays him like a younger Clint Eastwood , full of rugged charm and common sense , even though he stresses over his own past failures .
The story has a no-frills clarity so clean-cut it is respectably straightforward and linear , though a repetitive 105 minute running time makes the journey feel rather long and cumbersome .
It is both folk and fairy tale , but sort of irresistible . Everyone loves a rags-to-riches story , even if Eddie never quite won the riches .
The film knows exactly how to land , just not how to take off .
It 's closest cousin is Cool Runnings , and while it wo n't endure like its Jamaican relative , Eddie The Eagle is an enjoyable Olympic underdog tale that 's hard to hate .
It 's a recipe that worked for Rudy and Cool Runnings , and it 's effective here .
It gets the butterflies fluttering as Eddie prepares his final Olympic leap on the monstrous 90m ramp , and really , that 's the only tricky jump this movie needs to land .
The inspirational story - with many echoes of Billy Elliot - is adapted into a mawkish attempt at a hero 's journey , and undermined by a characterisation of the genuine Eddie Edwards by a terrible miscalculation on the director 's part
It 's a terrific true story and an inspiring one - about a young boy who dreams of becoming an Olympian . But although the film 's heart is in the right place , it struggles to soar to the heights that it deserves
Stories of sporting prowess always tend to be emotional and full of moments that would get tears on even of the most hardhearted and that 's just what Eddie the Eagle achieves . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Touching , fun , unforgettable , greatly produced , and enjoyable from start to finish . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has the heart and feeling of the great British comedies inspired by true events . It will keep you on the edge of your seat and has a lot of heart . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Based on the true story of an unapologetic underdog who never won anything , this British comedy is a shameless crowd-pleaser .
It 's not that making a period film in a throwback style is all that revolutionary . But it sticks out here because so many of these tropes are still in circulation .
It 's hokum , but the best kind ... accessible to just about everyone with a pulse .
Capturing the infectious optimism and unyielding determination of his character , as well as his awkward walk and nerdy squint , Egerton ... manages to infuse his character with an endearing quality and a lovable can-do attitude .
A worthy tribute to Eddie Edwards that will leave audiences smiling .
The British do underdog stories well , and the good bits come from Edwards ' battles with a society that would prefer him to give up on his Olympic dream and remain a plasterer .
` Eddie the Eagle ' is so good-natured you 'll want to cuddle it .
A feel good film about following your dreams , especially when the odds are against you . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with amazing ski sequences and optimism all over the place . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It might have some irregularities , especially in the middle of the film , but the idea manages to soar . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Worstward ho ! Just leave your brains behind and it 's perfectly enjoyable .
It 's inoffensive and amusing enough . It just does n't soar .
It may not be the most subtle of films but it is hugely entertaining .
Not so much a movie , more a morale-boosting initiative , but briskly jolly , and given a dash of class by Jim Broadbent , Christopher Walken and a wonderfully unctuous Tim McInnerny .
It follows the tropes of a self help film , where in spite of adversity , the effort put into what you do i everything , regardless of the end result . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Taron Egerton turns a film full of cliches into something memorable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... winds up taking on the same personality as its bumbling goofball of a subject - mostly amusing , frequently cheesy , abundantly dorky and overall endearing .
-LSB- The -RSB- film rides almost entirely on the charm and amiable sweetness of Edwards , who is played to perfection by an unrecognisably dorky Egerton .
Eddie the Eagle might just tap into that teeming ocean of Saturday night punter-hood that lies somewhere between Mamma Mia ! and Made in Dagenham .
-LSB- A -RSB- whimsical and good-natured comic drama .
Here 's a hero impossible to dislike with Egerton delivering a memorable turn . All in all , the movie walks off with a respectable bronze .
Eddie The Eagle will lift your spirits , put a smile on your face and have you jumping for joy .
Hobbled by rigid formula , this lacks the off-kilter allure of Fletcher 's previous movies Wild Bill and Sunshine on Leith and comes across as pure crowd-pleaser .
How to make a hero out of a loser ? This is the question that drives , inspires , defines and ultimately bedevils the rousing new biopic Eddie the Eagle .
The film 's heart is in the right place , but Jackman and Walken are all wrong .
The light tone and Taron Egerton 's performance save the film from being too sentimental and full of cliches . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Eddie the Eagle will make some British audiences feel patriotism and pride for our oddball heritage .
Dexter Fletcher 's unflinching determination to shamelessly hit every cheap chord can not be faulted .
A thoroughly enjoyable feel-good movie that will have you laughing , crying and punching the air in equal measure .
You do n't need to be an expert on winter sports -- to be honest , Edwards was not , either -- to enjoy this entertaining tale of an ordinary man 's struggle against the odds .
Yet another celebration of an overconfident mediocre white man as charming , heroic , and worthy of emulation . It 's inspirational !
An oddly conventional biopic that uses a strained father-son relationship to frame its rabble-rousing , crowd-pleasing reflection on futility .
From niche subject matter , Fletcher 's crafted a movie that 's both universal but also unashamedly , gloriously British . Very funny , genuinely moving and endlessly good-natured .
Does Eddie the Eagle play it too safe ? Maybe . But even if it shuns the black-diamond slopes , this easygoing run succeeds in delivering us smoothly to the bottom , ready for a crackling fire and some hot cocoa .
Fletcher has a brilliantly attuned sixth sense for what his audience wants to see at any given millisecond , and Eddie 's final flight , from the 90-foot ramp at Calgary , is a mini-masterpiece of intuitive cutting .
Only the appearance of Christopher Walken , as Peary 's one-time coach , feels ill-at-ease with the bonhomie . Otherwise , Eddie the Eagle takes flight - and stays there .
The clichés in Eddie the Eagle are upfront , but these are also verities ; they are organic to the story and essential to the example that Eddie represents .
Fletcher does a great job of conveying just how terrifying it is even to stand at the top of an Olympic ski jump , let alone take off from one .
you 'd have to be pretty cynical not to feel some tingling of excitement when Eddie soars , even if he lands many , many meters behind the competition
Egerton is so gosh-darn sweet as the skier , and Hugh Jackman makes such a swell jerk as his trainer , Bronson Peary , that you 'll take the ride with them anywhere
The film does a couple of things right . One , it knows it 's exactly that movie and never pretends to be otherwise .
Some hilarious facets of the true story are left out while much is invented , but the movie is an irresistible sports tearjerker .
Eddie looks like a cockeyed genius who just had to believe in himself . By the end of the movie , everyone else believes in him , too . So did I. Nice one .
Eddie the Eagle , despite its shortcomings , will soar into moviegoers ' hearts .
This is the kind of film that will send shivers of excitement up your spine and tears of joy down your face .
An uplifting , feel-good film that soars with sentiment ...
A heart-warming movie based on the true story of Eddie the Eagle Edwards . In the title role Taron Egerton provides a nerdy but irrepressible hero .
An unlikely hero and a unique story help make this inspiring sports drama overcome its shortcomings .
You might say the character has some texture . The guy 's flawed , a born outsider , and you ca n't help but like him .
Eddie the Eagle tries to have it both ways with its main subject , simultaneously ridiculing and ennobling him . And , amazingly , it mostly works .
`` Eddie the Eagle '' is a delightful true tale of a light-hearted fellow who would not be denied .
Crowd-pleasing movies happen every once in a while , and though `` Eddie the Eagle '' is n't exactly `` Rudy '' -- the ultimate feel-good story -- it 's worth a look .
Eddie 's story is compelling all by itself . It did n't have to be turned into a broad comedy with an invented mentor
It 's shameless in its determination to make Eddie into a sainted blue-collar hero , but the strong performances make it hard to resist . Just do n't expect to feel good about it in the morning .
What makes Eddie the Eagle -- the movie AND the character -- so endearing is the performance by Taron Egerton .
Taron Egerton reproduces Eddie 's offbeat charm , turning him into an Asperger 's afflicted champion of the undertrodden .
... Eddie the Eagle might not soar above the pantheon of underdog sports films , but works as a charming , inoffensive addition to the very long list of fun sports movies .
Heart-warming and fun and embodies a sportsmanlike message that it does n't matter whether you finish first or last , but that you do your best .
Brings a big goopy sports lump to the throats of even the most hardened movie goers
For every easy , eye-rolling bit , there 's a moment of genuine emotion ; the champion jumper 's pre-climax speech on what matters in sport is downright joyful .
Entertaining and heart-warming , if not entirely original . It 's the cinematic equivalent of one of those inspirational posters featuring kittens and sayings about how you should ` hang in there . '
Even if you do n't remember Eddie , much of the film is similarly easy to predict , though that does n't dampen the enjoyment .
Eddie the Eagle might just inspire you whether you want it to or not .
Why are movies about inspirational stories so uninspired ?
Eddie the Eagle fits snugly into one of my favorite sports movie subgenres -- films about how sometimes losing is better , if it means that you stay true to your own moral code .
It can be uplifting for kids and teens , telling them to follow their dreams and never give up . The fact that it is based on a true story makes that message stronger , even though the movie Rudy did it much better and with more heart .
The story , partly inspired by the bobsled comedy Cool Runnings , goes nowhere imaginative or risky , and the characters do n't transcend their initial cartoonishness .
Eddie the Eagle is a light-hearted and thoroughly inspiring underdog tale - with lovable performances from Hugh Jackman and Taron Egerton .
This is a touching true story of a nerd who became an Olympics hero with a smashing performance by Taron Egerton and terrific skiing photography .
While it 's often cookie-cutter sports movie conventional , you 'd have to be stone-hearted to remain un-charmed .
It mostly just adds hoarier myths to the Eddie Edwards mythos , but Eddie The Eagle depicts the feeling of contagious enthusiasm almost perfectly .
Crowd-pleasing underdog story gets a little racy .
There 's nothing really wrong with it that a prayerful examination of conscience would n't cure .
Only diehard curmudgeons wo n't fall prey to the film 's charms , never say quit aura and message , and the winning performances from the two leads . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The lack of cynicism may be Eddie the Eagle 's biggest weapon .
His `` inspirational '' desire to be an Olympian is driven more by delusion and narcissism .
This one is a hoot from start to finish and is loosely based on the true story of British Olympian Eddie Edwards . Key word : loosely . Google the REAL story . It 's much more fun !
It is a rare biopic of any kind , let alone a sports bio , that merely celebrates participation . It 's that novelty that makes this simple comedy shine .
Though it aims for heroism , Edwards ' story does n't have a dramatic enough arc to be truly inspirational . It 's not about winning , it 's an ode to participation , which is n't enough for it to get off the ground .
A triumphant , feel-good , laugh-out-loud , sports biopic .
The people responsible for `` Eddie the Eagle '' might have made a better movie about Samuel F.B. Morse , since they 're devoted to telegraphing every plot point and potential surprise .
It 's never a bad thing to be reminded of the value of trying your best , regardless of the outcome , but there 's also no harm in hoping the filmmakers do a bit better next time .
What makes `` Eddie the Eagle '' so irresistible is the character 's consistent optimism . As portrayed by Taron Egerton , Eddie is neither deterred nor discouraged , despite constant opposition . ...
There are heroes who inspire us because they win , and then there are heroes who inspire us when they lose .
Prepare to be amused , moved and inspired .
Although Mr. Edwards 's last-place finishes in Calgary made him something of a sensation , a symbol of do-it-yourself persistence , this film does n't seem to trust the inherent likability of his story .
By the end , even though you know what 's going to happen , you might feel like cheering . He 's an unlikely eagle , but just for a moment , he flies .
The real Eddie was neither this big a klutz nor this inexperienced . But when the camera follows Egerton 's Eddie waaay up and down those heart-stopping jumps , it 's hard not to cheer him on regardless .
Eddie the Eagle is formulaic to the core . And the problem is ... ?
If you 're looking for some light entertainment or a feel-good movie , Eddie the Eagle will fit the bill .
`` Eddie the Eagle '' is certainly spirited , but it feels plastic and dishonest , working to turn a complex figure of failure and earnestness into a Hallmark card .
minimal and fleeting
Director Dexter Fletcher shoves inspiration down your throat until you gag or give in .
Fluffy as new-fallen snow , but Egerton is terrific as the unlikely Olympian and Jackman makes a fictitious character seem almost real .
This tale of the quixotic British athlete who became the darling of the 1988 Winter Olympic Games is a tad sugary sweet , but thanks to the performances of Hugh Jackman and Taron Egerton , the end result is a family film that 's highly entertaining .
Director Dexter Fletcher paints Eddie 's story in broad , bold strokes , never missing an opportunity to milk a suspenseful dramatic turn or go for the relatively easy laugh -- but it 's a style well-suited to this wonderfully ridiculous story .
This inspirational heart-warmer from director Dexter Fletcher is the cinematic equivalent of a hug .
The movie is phonier and more manipulative than the prefab backstory video packages that air during the actual Olympics .
-LSB- An -RSB- overwritten , overscored , inspirational , fact-based formula sports underdog comedy .
The infectious `` Eddie the Eagle '' succeeds by mining both aspects of Edwards 's story with an equally deft touch .
A bland underdog fable whose comedy never makes it off the bunny slopes .
Despite the underdog cliches , it succeeds for the same reason the real Eddie did : optimism , good humor , and infectious , heart-on-sleeve enthusiasm .
It 's a movie as warm and fuzzy as a comfortable blanket , and as safe as the milk Edwards prefers to anything stronger . Not as exciting , perhaps , but it gets the job done well enough .
It does make you feel good , but it turns out that the film 's story is 90 percent fiction .
... A genuine crowd-pleaser that earns all the good will it engenders .
A harmless piece of uplifting family entertainment ... inoffensive but trivial .
While it is stretching the truth to call `` Eddie the Eagle '' a good film , it is without question a nice one .
Egerton ... understands his role perfectly . He wears a look of stubborn worry tempered with unquenchable optimism , because he 's dead sure that finishing dead last would be a triumph .
`` Eddie the Eagle '' leaves viewers buoyed by satisfactions unique to classic come-from-behind stories . Even when it 's as ungainly and cravenly audience-pleasing as its protagonist , it soars .
Eddie the Eagle is a lot like its subject , an ungainly Englishman , Britain 's first Olympic ski jumper . Like this movie , Edwards was n't especially good at what he was doing but his spirit was irresistible , a joke insisting upon being taken seriously .
Within Eddie the Eagle 's core is a conventional , but acceptable message : Tis a far better thing to compete than it is to solely win .
The platonic ideal of a feel-good sports movie - exactly that , and nothing more .
It 's not to be taken too seriously , but Eddie The Eagle definitely succeeds as a silly , entertaining underdog story .
Like its protagonist , the film-produced by Kick-Ass and Kingsman : The Secret Service director Matthew Vaughn , of all people-is cheerful and unpretentious . But unlike Eddie , it 's not terribly original .
The best player on the team is never the fan favorite , and that applies to both Eddie 's PR story and Eddie the Eagle as source of undemanding smiles .
It 's a shame that a movie about a man with zero athletic ability , who had the fearlessness to attempt a perilous 90-meter ski jump for the first time ever in front of a rapt Olympic audience , takes no chances .
Predictable training montages aside , this is a prime opportunity for Winter Olympics buffs to nerd out on high-definition wipeouts .
A massive vat of hot cocoa with a mountain of whipped cream on top-sweet and warm and made with a mission to satisfy everyone who takes a sip .
Where ` Rudy ' merely meant to uplift , ` Eddie the Eagle ' - perhaps accidentally - winds up forcing us to question our notion of greatness and achievement .
A slight but entertaining crowd-pleaser that does n't exactly reinvent the wheel , but reminds you why it has worked this well for so long .
The film never admits it , but almost everything here has been invented for the screen . That leaves a bad taste : Edwards is still very much alive , and his story is bizarre enough without embellishment .
`` Eddie the Eagle '' is never less than a lighter than air experience .
Shares its uplifting underdog spirit with ` Rocky , ' ` Rudy , ' ` Seabiscuit , ' ` Hoosiers ' and any number of other sagas about individuals that come from behind , power through or are told they ca n't , should n't or wo n't ever .
Eddie is n't groundbreaking by any means , but effortlessly fun , packed with irony , and ready to woo even the most unathletic children through countless TV reruns .
Hugh Jackman does n't play Wolverine in `` Eddie the Eagle , '' which is too bad . The film deserves to be slashed to bits .
I was ready to lift Eddie up on my shoulders and parade him through the streets myself . There 's a reason mainstream film-makers stick to the formula : it works .
There is no stopping a film with this much heart . Eddie the Eagle is the quintessential crowd-pleaser , brimming with so much positivity that it 'll truly leave you feeling hopeful about your own endeavors when it 's over .
A delightfully feel-good though hopelessly fluffy affair directed by Dexter Fletcher that slaloms around complete hokum thanks to a pair of winning performances .
Adorable treacle , and Eddie has the English teeth to prove it .
Like its subject , this unpretentious feel good movie aims for and hits a more generous definition of the term `` winner '' .
A sentimental tearjerker which manages to make you weep , even though you see the manipulation coming a mile away .
-LSB- A -RSB- mildly diverting , feel-good biopic .
It remains more committed to printing the uplifting legend of its title character than in actually examining the human beings underneath .
A likeable family film that - much like Eddie 's own exploits - is guaranteed to put a big smile on your face .
You 're not sure whether to stand and cheer or to throw yourself off a 90-metre ski jump just to get it over with .
Eddie The Eagle turns a long-running joke of British sport into a crowd-pleasing story of inspiration . It 's a solid gold winner .
`` Eddie the Eagle '' is as appealing and fluffy as a new pile of dry snow . The factual changes may bother the real Eddie , but this movie keeps its eye strictly on the image of achieving a thing no one expects you to achieve .
A great little sleeper in the vein of The Full Monty .
Designed for audiences who will throw their weight behind the film 's schmaltz and sentimentality . Anyone unwilling to commit to the movie 's shamelessness will feel like they 've hit the ground headfirst .
If director Dexter Fletcher 's loose adaptation of Edwards ' story often seems content to mimic `` Cool Runnings '' beat for beat , at least it picks a bar it can safely clear .
Eddie The Eagle is a crowd-pleasing triumph about one of Britain 's lesser-known Olympic heroes , and the dream he would n't let die .
`` Eddie The Eagle '' is aggressively likable , but this inspirational sports movie 's consistently breezy disposability ends up being a crutch as much as a selling point .
Eddie The Eagle is a joyful , inspiring film where your fist raises in triumph , but to be so wildly funny too is icing on the cake .

@highlight

Eddie the Eagle 's amiable sweetness ca n't disguise its story 's many inspirational clichés -- but for many viewers , it will be more than enough to make up for them .