Hey , ever wonder about the secret lives of those guys dancing around in the Subway sandwich outfits in 100-degree summer heat , and all that brought them to that point ? Then Kabluey might be for you .
... a low-key comedy perfectly tuned for our times .
Short on substance , despite a watchable supporting cast and an amiable overall tenor .
an anthem for hard times
Kabluey nearly implodes in the opening moments but swiftly finds its footing .
An impressive debut both on screen and off .
Prendergast does n't chase alternative statements , he wants to make people laugh , and Kabluey is one of the more inventive , invigorating productions to come out of the industry 's lonely right field .
This heartfelt film , though a bit uneven , is touching most of the time , funny some of the time , but always original and appealing .
While it borrows from obvious sources , Kabluey eventually comes into its own as a wacky commentary on the state of America in the fifth year of the Iraq war .
Quirky and undisturbed , unaffected and unaffecting .
Dramedy with mature themes is light on substance .
Subtle , strange and off-kilter without becoming self-consciously quirky .
A dark piece of whimsy that enchants and befuddles in equal measure .
In costume and character , Prendergast is a little funny and more than a little sad . So is the film .
Kabluey , which has no discernible political agenda , is wildly uneven and often seems like a short stretched to feature length . But it 's also kind of oddly endearing .
If it comes to your city , be sure to check out one of the lost gems of the year .
The funniest movie I 've seen this year .
The Austin-shot movie catches the nation 's mood of economic anxiety and workplace exploitation more pungently than anything else in theaters .
An offbeat a comedy of discomfort .
The filmmakers here not only disguise what they would like to say about the long-waged war , they obscure the message , leaving one with not much more than a few brief glimpses of the war 's effects amidst a number of quirky distractions .
In the recent epidemic of comedies about 30-something men in the throes of severe arrested development , he is one of the most pitifully incompetent losers .
Beneath its eccentric premise , Kabluey is a deceptively insightful tale infused with a gentleness and humour that fans of independent film and folks who simply love good storytelling will treasure
There are worse ways to spend an evening at a movie theater than this movie that is far better with sight gags than character development , plot or dialog .
Prendergast seems clueless that an excess of pure weirdness wo n't lead to an excess of laughs . It wo n't .
Light-hearted , utterly charming , low-budget screwball comedy about loneliness and alienation - with timely , touching , thought-provoking relevance .
Another tired family values tale about women who make bad parents without men around . Not to mention that wives of deployed military men do n't need to struggle to make ends meet or for health insurance , the government does that . Kaphooey .
Dark humor abounds with Lisa Kudrow in a melancholy but humorous role of a woman whose husband has been recalled into Iraq leaving her with two bratty kids to take care of .
There 's real wit to Prendergast 's aesthetic .
A charming low-budget ensemble piece funny enough to be a surprise sleeper with enduring appeal , ala My Big Fat Greek Wedding and Little Miss Sunshine of years past .
A pleasing antidote to audiences tired of the summer movie blockbuster season , Kabluey is an affecting , noble-hearted charmer .
A `` rabbit-out-of-the-hat '' invention that 's so cool and charming they could n't blast you out of your seat . Magic . Genius .
Prendergast is clearly a force to be reckoned with -- his fearless performance as Salman/Kabluey is a thing of beauty , and his sense of story and humor are note-perfect .
There is oddness and whimsy and ingenuity -- exactly what it takes to get an indie film noticed .
Here 's hoping you 'll be able to see Kabluey somewhere near you at some point . It 's well worth it .
This charming , pointed comedy is a genuine discovery .
It 's a sweet , ingenious , twisted and surreal comedy , kind of Samuel Beckett by way of Adam Sandler .


@highlight

An effecting treatise on modern alienation , Scott Prendergast 's story of a hapless loser who finds recognition by donning a featureless suit is full of whimsy and sorrow .