Diabolically bad .
Making a kids ' movie that 's also funny for grown-ups is a very fine line , and Shark Tale has fallen way over the wrong side of it .
There are a couple of laughs , but for me , it 's a film that 's mainly just going through the motions .
I laughed quite a lot during this film .
Fast , fresh , funny action comedy set undersea .
Not up to `` Shrek '' level , but a feast for the eyes , DreamWorks ' computer-animated underwater adventure is crammed to the gills with pop-culture in-jokes , movie quotations and a stellar vocal cast .
It 's obnoxious , derivative , and ultimately an empty experience .
Fast , fun and fabulous .
The script is a long string of awful verbal and visual puns , and the animation , while colorful , is a big step back from the Shrek films -LRB- and nowhere near Pixar 's league -RRB- .
Quite simply the most middle of the road CG movie I think you 'll ever see .
Want a good fish story ? Watch Finding Nemo again instead
full review in Greek
The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that `` it 's just a kids ' movie . ''
Although the vocal performances often amuse and delight , the overall design is charmless .
Katzenberg and company still have n't figured out that was makes Pixar 's features so much better is n't just the quality of the art but the way they manage to generate actual emotion without coming across as superficial or cloying .
Shark Tale is no disaster , but despite the efforts of three directors , two screenwriters and phalanxes of technicians , it seems to be treading water .
The movie is clearly written and produced around the persona of Will Smith , which is either glorious news or cringe-inducing , depending upon who you are .
Nine years after Toy Story , the novelty of computer animation has worn off . Story and character need to capture our imagination .
A solid film with a fair share of chuckles .
` Es divertida , colorida y musical . Una buena cinta de animación que injustamente ha sido menospreciada quizá por los valores que la hacen importante '
I went into Shark Tale expecting a low-rent Nemo wannabe ; I left it understanding it to be a low-rent Nemo wannabe that works .
I think I am tiring of computer generated movies with 800 star voices and 800 real-world knock-offs like Katie Current and `` Kelpy-Kremes . ''
As far as fishy stories go , this one makes a pretty weak movie chowder .
This animated feature suffers form a severe identity crisis that even voices by De Niro and Will Smith ca n't help .
The overall tone of the film lacks accessibility , and much of the humor is so dry that even those who might get the jokes are not likely to find them very funny .
There are so many bright , vibrant colors utilized ... it puts your rods and cones at risk . But Shark Tale causes more than retinal fatigue -- it induces extreme boredom .
A colorful , yet misguided wad of pre-chewed bubble gum .
Without destination and purpose , the movie only reinforces the stereotypes it pretends to be mocking .
A colorful , jive-talking minnow that runs in shallow waters .
I did n't mind it but it should have been much better .
Shark Tale is acceptable entertainment for the younger set
... not exactly original , not terribly witty , and definitely not adult-oriented . But it 's still a good movie .
It 's simply a silly bit of undersea fluff ... jammed to the gills with pop culture references and fishy puns .
Worth seeing , but it could have been better .
Those in the audience with more refined tastes may find themselves looking at their watches and wondering when Brad Bird 's The Incredibles is due in theatres .
Should charm the small set and have everyone else boogying down in their seats .
Essentially , the anchor does n't go deep enough and Shark Tale is left to flounder .
Uno termina quedándose con la sensación de que algo -LRB- o mucho -RRB- faltó .
Amazingly , today 's two biggest media whores are n't on hand as , say , Larry King Mackerel and Stingray Leno .
Do n't bother to call the Coast Guard , kids . This one 's dead in the water .
If there 's a sequel , could we please have some bubbles or stuff floating by to make it appear to be underwater next time ?
Filled with all of the promise and originality of Finding Nemo . It 's all just too late to really appeal to the same all-encompassing audience .
Sua ótima qualidade técnica merecia ser aproveitada por um roteiro melhor .
A giant ad for stuffed toys and plastic figurines , Shark Tale 's best suited for the smallest human fry , moviegoers who 'll watch anything that 's colorful and in motion .
Lacks the charm and enchantment I expected .
It 's Fresh , but just barely . It 's like 100 other stories just like it , with the corporate stench of `` like this or else '' that has permeated Dreamworks ' animation .
It offers some nice animation and design , a not-unappealing theme , a few really good gags , some beguiling supporting characters -- and the flattest leads imaginable .
Not that kids are really going to care . If the packed preview audience is any indication , they 're going to eat Shark Tale up like gourmet sushi .
Ignore the complainers and see this film .
The plot is extremely predictable , there 's too much product placement , and the thing 's boring in spots .
The film vacillates between a mob picture and a Will Smith comedy and does neither one particularly well .
Too much in-joking and stereotypes drown the film in its own conceit . Beautiful visuals but tired and recycled premise .
... something smells mighty fishy about the lackluster Shark Tale ... does n't take the bait as a viable vehicle that can stand on its own melodious merit
There are laughs , yes , but nothing so witty you 'll remember it later , and nothing so touching you 'll get a lump in your throat .
If you want animated undersea entertainment , go find Nemo .
A colorful , vibrant and charismatic treat that plays to both kids and adults ...
With all the talent involved , Shark Tale should have been so much better than this .
Too many stars as the vocal talent sink this soggy saga
Nearly every joke involves placing a stereotype regarding urban culture or organized crime onto a fish of some kind .
This kindergarten bait is going to flood the boxoffice because of a juvenile hunger for tidbits they can get their hooks into .
A surprising dearth of action means kids may tire of this comparatively talky and character-driven film .
It is not in the same level of Finding Nemo but I still think it is worth seeing .
Shark Tale is not without charms , but they are lost at sea . A shallow one at that .
... more concerned with keeping the puns flowing than with actually telling a good story
it 's much like most of today 's children entertainment - vapid and uneventful - or in other words , this is one fish tale that anyone will have a tough time swallowing .
This clever film is a treat for the whole family in a season when very few films offer family entertainment .
... plenty for the kids to watch that will keep them entertained for the duration of Shark Tale but not nearly enough to keep any but the less discerning adults amused .
We need n't look further than ` Shark Tale ' to realize the studio that revolutionized the art of CGI animation does n't own the patent on wit and imagination .
Shark Tale spends too much story time promoting lying , bragging , fame , and egotism .
Let 's be blunt : It 's a place to dump the kids off for 89 minutes .
It 's too bad they have n't written a program that will spit out good characters and a good story , 'cause that 's what Shark Tale is sorely lacking .
It 's not really a movie for squids , but all the inside jokes and adult humor work ... if you want silly fun up on the surface , come on in - this shark-infested water is fine .
-LSB- A -RSB- miable fun , with jokes geared to all age groups .
Story is everything and Shark 's is rather thin and soupy , despite the winning improvisational skills of stars Will Smith and Jack Black .
One soggy , charmless heap of chum .
An uneasy cross between rival studio Pixar 's Finding Nemo and DreamWorks ' own Shrek franchise .
Cluttered , claustrophobic and self-referential .
Feels like more of a merchandizing scheme than a movie .
An entertaining 90 minutes .
Shark Tale is always up and often likable .
A happy , fizzy film , splashed in brilliant colors .
Shark Tale may not quite be an offer you ca n't refuse , but it certainly merits consideration .
Inside this dazzling animation is a dim plot that imagines Goodfellas living in the land of Jaws and being serviced by the dudes at the Car Wash. .
Dated and only intermittently funny .
A shrimp cocktail with a sob story is a. . . cute touch , but the good ideas stop flowing pretty quickly
A briny , buoyant offer that you ca n't refuse .
It 's hardly classic animated fare , but it 's breezy and distracting enough to make a passable entertainment .
An uneasy mix of warmed-over Mafioso jokes and watery fish backgrounds .
Despite the all-star cast , Shark Tale is a shipwreck .
The first must-see family movie of the fall .
Shark Tale has its funny moments and some outstanding design elements . But its story is fundamentally misconceived and , in the telling , diffuses like sponge squeezings in the middle of the ocean .
Forced and frantic .
An affectionate homage to such mobster classics as The Godfather , GoodFellas and The Sopranos .
Too unsophisticated .
Shrilly pandering to edgy , jive-talking , hip-hopping bents of the moment , -LSB- Shark Tale -RSB- churns up a sea of offensive ethnic stereotypes , unfunny situations , unsympathetic characters and lousy plotting .
A fast-paced , star-studded , joke-stuffed piece of fast-food studio product .
Colorful and zippy .
Funny , dazzling , fast and frisky , Shark Tale is a sparkling addition to the modern animation canon .
It 's all good fun , even when the inevitable animated-movie life lessons and homilies begin floating in .
This overly busy deep-sea comedy throws in so many gags that it almost forgets to tell a story .
With its mobbed-up sharks and hip-hop habitats , the animated feature Shark Tale might qualify as the first ` fishploitation ' film in movie history .
For all its swirling colors , funky tunes and impressive voice talent Shark Tale makes for lukewarm entertainment .
A timely film that still deals with timeless children 's themes .
Shark Tale makes the most of its setting , with terrific jokes and smart nods toward popular music and films .
It 's Finding Nemo gutted of all its charm and remixed for urban hit radio .
If you are n't entirely annoyed by the presence of every movie cliché ever written , you might get a kick out of how each and every one is worked into the dialogue .
... all shiny surfaces , bright colors and corny jokes , backed up by a percolating , vaguely irritating soundtrack of pop-rap ...
A limp fish stick that 's all crumbs and no meat .
Defers to easy sludge , whale poop and passed gas jokes meant to reel kids back into their seats every time the mature Mafia references swim over their heads .
Opportunistic , utterly calculated , marred by the cartoon minstrelsy of the Will Smith fish , and aggressively ` hip ' in the forced manner of a breakfast cereal commercial ...
The mystery is why Dreamworks continues to desperately imitate when they 're capable of brilliant original work like `` Shrek 2 ''
By the end of the film it was n't my stomach that was hurting from laughter ; it was my butt that was sore from the pop culture/product placement spanking I was enduring .
The uproarious Shark Tale is sure to please fish-lovin ' masses , but it might have benefited from a little Pixar fairy dust to make it more complete .
Gangster meets ` gangsta ' hip-hop in a -LRB- mostly -RRB- family-friendly but ultimately forgettable fish story .
The father-son business is tired , of course -LRB- and yes , Finding Nemo got there first -RRB- .
This Tale has been told before , but we do n't mind hearing it again
Never comes together into a convincing enterprise
While it 's no Finding Nemo -LRB- and is n't trying to be -RRB- , it 's the wackiest , most energetic , and possibly most entertaining effort to date from DreamWorks ' CGI animators .
Entertaining .
Everyone knows what the typical Will Smith character sounds like , and anyone who does n't want to listen to it magnified three-fold for 90 minutes should stay far , far away .
Lame undersea kid-flick mob comedy is rotten from head to tail , despite all the talent involved .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is the cinematic equivalent of dressing the dog and the cat up in frilly dresses and making them attend a tea party ...
If there 's any reason for Shark Tale 's existence other than to give celebs a chance to play around as animated sea creatures , I do n't see it .
Jack Nicholson , Prizzi 's Honor ; Dean Stockwell , Married to the Mob ; Robert DeNiro , Shark Tale . The mafia is no stranger to great cartoon characters .
Shark Tale does have moments of fun and a couple of the goofier gags work , but it comes off as Shrek leftovers and sloppy seconds to Finding Nemo .
This film is a marketing vehicle that reeks of focus groups and the involvement of the ` suits ' .
This effort barely qualifies as bait to catch the attention of its rivals , since many of them are far higher up the food chain to notice .
... has a few clever ideas and some impressive artwork but relies mostly on weary , recycled humor : it 'll likely be a big hit .
The whole experience just makes you feel dirty , patronized and exhausted .
These are jokes lame enough to make the writers of Yes , Dear groan like they 've been mortally wounded -LRB- and , yes , they deserve to be mortally wounded -RRB- .
Shark Tale feels borrowed , sampled and dittoed from the collective funniness of the past 10 years in studio-made animation .
Swimming in the lucrative wake of Finding Nemo , DreamWorks 's foray into computer-generated underwater animation is a rambunctious , reasonably amusing pop confection .
Although it is essentially entertaining ... it is also a derivative , formulaic and creatively tentative plaything .
It does not have as much invigorating freshness as audiences have come to expect in computer animation .
This one has the slickness of the Shrek movies , but there 's not a whole lot beneath the surface .
The screenplay is n't remotely as funny as it tries to be , and the visual style is equally unexciting .
For a kids movie , Shark Tale seems pretty old .
Finding Nemo and Shrek 2 really raised the bar for computer-animated films , and that makes the flaws here seem more glaring .
Is the fish fresh ? ... Shark Tale believes it can foist off high-speed energy in the place of wit .
The best animated films feel timeless and original , but Shark Tale is stapled together from dozens of hip-hop and movie references .
Likely to be more consistently entertaining to adults than the softer-hearted Nemo .
Whatever we found with Nemo and his determined dad seems to have been lost or forgotten in this fishy tale .
This star-laden animated fable feeds off Finding Nemo and Shrek , but it 's stale , like something you wrap in yesterday 's newspaper .
Adults will see Shark Tale on a different level than their offspring , but both will enjoy it .
All we know is that if you decide to see Shark Tale , go to a mall where there are other movies playing . Leave the kids . Take the cannolis .
The shallowness of the story and the washed-out characters leave Shark Tale swimming upstream .
What Shark Tale lacks in originality it makes up for with sassy humor , bright , effective animation and terrific vocal work .
Dreary , damp and derivative .
The characters are underdeveloped even for 2-D players . And the moral -- that being loved and unfamous is more important than being a big shot -- is so fatuous as to be condescending .
A delightful , delicious and fresh pop culture comedy .
A sprightly , funny DreamWorks feature .
Despite its well-crafted look and its urban verve , the picture falters in its second half . The storyline just is n't there .
The plot is nothing special , but the visuals are , with eye-popping color and wonderfully expressive fish faces , hilariously funny and surprisingly touching .
... its commercial pimping puts a NASCAR rig to shame , but Shark Tale is pretty , fun and smart .
Not even the eye candy animation is all that great . The film has a flat look that matches it comedic tone .
Psst ! DreamWorks ! Your Nemo envy is showing !
Shark Tale feels like a modest step backwards -LSB- for CGI films -RSB- , a regression not visually but conceptually .
No fish flop , but neither does it make a discernable flash .
An ocean story without much depth . The fun shark tale is secondary to little fish story that wo n't make any waves . Expressive animation though and Ziggy Marley .
As funny as it may have seemed at the time , Martin Scorsese should never , ever try to talk hip-hop . Ever .
By this time next year Shark Tale will be on a sale rack at Wal-Mart for $ 5.99 , probably as part of a bargain double-pack with Ice Age .
The kind of flashy and colorful but insultingly trite Hollywood regurgitation that far too often gets a pass under the excuse that ` it 's just a kid 's movie . '
Evokes `` The Sopranos '' under water , its lack of innovation akin to a boulder tied around its feet : `` Shark Take '' sinks to the bottom and quietly drowns .
charming , if suffering a surfeit of cutesy pop-culture references , it lacks both ... originality and the ineffable something that can best be described as zing
Oddly lacking a heart . In its place is misguided material decidedly unsavory for most of its target audience , and a string of inappropriate ethnic and racial stereotypes .
Du n no if the kids will dig Shark Tale as much as their parents might ... All I can tell you is that I enjoyed the heck out of it .
A disappointing series of sight gags lost at sea in search of a story .
A soulless platform for the Will Smith persona .
Shark Tale has a nonstop manic ability to keep its audience in stitches . It 's faster-paced and packed with more jokes than both Shrek films combined !
If your kid sees the comic side of mafia vengeance killing , the whole family will have a great time
The filmmakers do n't have enough faith in the world they 've created .
Dreamscape 's latest animated film is set in a sort of undersea urban environment and should entertain the whole family . The story is familiar but the jokes come rapid fire .
Good looking on the surface but empty inside ... ` Shark Tale ' works better as a soup than a movie .
A star-studded spectacle that confuses shallow of-the-moment jokes for human emotion .
Comes off as an overly jokey but often quite entertaining spoof that should please families everywhere .
Overfamiliarity extends to the story , jokes and music , most of which reference popular entertainment of about 30 years ago .






@highlight

Derivative and full of pop culture in-jokes .