Hector 's insane time-travel journey is an excellent example of high-concept sci-fi .
Watching `` Timecrimes '' is like stumbling in a pitch-black haunted house . Hitting walls where paths should be is fun , and time-travel tropes of choice versus fate are inventively goosed . Even with five minutes left , it could conclude in any number of ways .
The idyllic but mundane world of the film 's opening segues smoothly into a sequence out of a highly intelligent slasher film , before finally settling into its niche as a darkly funny , and at times mildly disturbing , sci-fi thriller .
That rarest of rare things : an intelligent time-travel movie that actually holds together on closer examination .
While I enjoyed the film a great deal , I honestly wonder if there 'd be this amount of hoopla if the picture , say , starred a yamhead like Val Kilmer and was set in New Jersey .
A smart , occasionally thrilling science fiction tale ...
A tight little movie where every setup is paid off
As a director , Vigalondo sweeps you up into his tale and keeps you running at what seems like full speed toward the finish line .
Very cool .
The key here is to keep things moving without letting the logical -LRB- or illogical -RRB- complications weigh down the action , and -LSB- director -RSB- Vigalondo does this well .
Nacho Vigalondo 's bleak time-travel thriller ... -LSB- chronicles the travails of a -RSB- classic film noir schmuck : No matter what he does , sooner or later fate will stick out her foot and trip him up .
His film is satisfying in its clever construction and vivid style .
The first feature by a promising young director who does n't know how to recapture the hare he has let loose .
A film that exemplifies the popular artistic notion of inescapable tragic destiny .
An enterprising Spanish time-travel thriller , that 's light on DeLoreans and lightning bolts , but heavy on fiendish cross-currents of temporal interaction .
Meticulous plotting , breathless pacing , paradoxes aplenty , and some surprisingly human dilemmas , all make this low-key sci-fi thriller well worth going back over again and again . It is a Primer-like triumph of ideas over budget .
Fiendishly convoluted and stylishly crafted , Time Crime is a low-budget sci-fi thriller from Spain that ably demonstrates the value of a neat idea , cleverly executed .
Enjoyable , smartly directed time travel thriller with strong performances and a genuinely creepy atmosphere , though the twists are a little predictable .
An invigoratingly imaginative and thrilling ride full of clever surprises and twists .
The director operates his metaphysical contraption with enough wit to jolt away your skepticism .
... handles the paradox of traveling in time with intelligence and combines it with a solid thriller/mystery story .
Timecrimes is a tremendously entertaining bit of Kafka that whirlpools down into The Twilight Zone .
Always entertaining , weird , funny , and consistently surprising .
The modest satisfactions of Timecrimes come down to a protagonist divided against himself .
Timecrimes is like a temporal chess game with nudity , voyeurism and violence , which makes it more boring than most chess games but less boring than a lot of movies .
Acaba se revelando excessivamente previsível e conta com um protagonista fraco , mas ainda assim diverte e prende a atenção com sua trama circular .
... an intelligent time-travel premise that owes more than a little bit to `` Blowup . ''
This amazing time-travel movie from Spain demonstrates that you can make a sci-fi movie on a low budget , using complex ideas , but delivered in a concise and streamlined manner .
The idea is n't bad , and Vigalondo makes the pretzel logic of the situation lucid , but he does n't have the chops to give the tale the suspense and humor it needs .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Vigalondo impressively never loses control of the deliberately bewildering material . Even Cronenberg would be hard-pressed to improve on this smart , mordantly funny film .
It begins slowly , but when it gets going , it rings a series of amusing , if not entirely unpredictable , changes on the theme ` what if you went back in time and changed things ? '
It 's fun , and if you 're willing to hang with time travel more than I am , I bet you 'll like it even more than I did .
A sci-fi thriller with no special effects , a cast of four and a single location used with Hitchcockian economy , Timecrimes boasts the kind of smart , resourceful filmmaking that champions ingenuity over spectacle .
There 's a dark and demented little psychodrama of self-inflicted madness beneath the narrative contrivances .
Nacho Vigalondo 's reinvention of Pandora 's Box plays upon the nerves as much as the intellect .
It 's not the first time a movie has played with the idea of a time traveler encountering an earlier version of himself , but the exceptionally gripping film takes the concept to a new level of devilish circularity .
A time-travel story swathed in the banality of everyday life , yet girded with the tense and extraordinary inevitability possessed by the best tales of this ilk .
Spanish filmmaker Nacho Vigalondo 's low-budget brain-drainer Timecrimes is only half as clever as it thinks and even less entertaining .
Trippy viewing awaits , as long as you 're not a stickler for logic .
Proof positive that a naked hottie and whiz-bang pacing can disguise gaping narrative cracks , Timecrimes makes sci-fi lemonade out of low-budget lemons .
A witty , well-made addition to the -LSB- time travel -RSB- subgenre .
You watch it , figure out how it works , and then never have to interact with it ever again .
Undeniably easy to watch , the film still is n't very fulfilling , the aftertaste left by the over-familiar finale one I just did n't like .
more tantalizing than satisfying
While it is n't that hard to stay a step or two ahead of Timecrimes , the movie is still a nifty little genre piece , an old-fashioned science-fiction mind-game with a healthy dollop of ` Oh , the irony . '
A grimly funny sci-fi determinist 's challenge to the very idea of free will .
If only American sci-fi filmmaking was this clever and involving .
Low-budget Spanish thriller about a guy that stumbles hours into the past and winds up trying to correct his last few mistakes ca n't survive its contrived plot contortions , non-characters , or `` well , duh '' obviousness .
By the end , details fall into place with a minimum amount of exposition or explicit explanation , making it the best kind of action movie -- the kind that 's actually about action .
Even though Vigalondo 's obvious direction lingers over every carefully arranged tile in the toppling-domino plot , there 's still some sinister amusement in watching them stack and fall .
Vigalondo 's film wastes little time in foregrounding the act of seeing .
A nifty little thriller , entertaining from start to finish , and just weird enough to seem unique .
Far too simplistic for something that masquerades as a puzzle , Timecrimes effectively holds your attention right up to the point where you figure the whole thing out . Which , unfortunately for the film , is about half way through .
something truly unusual -- a time travel film that does n't feel forced or overly illogical
This genre-jumping , expertly designed thriller is a craftily satisfying and wholly absorbing experience .
A super-low-budget genre exercise from Spain , writer-director Nacho Vigalondo 's extremely watchable work has long-running cult status written all over it .
More prone to play out as a case of style over substance .
Its verve and smarts more than make up for its occasional lapses in technique and casting .
Timecrimes , the Spanish language thriller that 's garnered a lot of buzz and is already in American remake turnaround -LRB- Cronenberg to direct ? -RRB- , tells an interesting story in a wholly uninteresting manner .
Bridging many genres , Timecrimes will score high among sci-fi , horror and thriller fans , as well as the arthouse set .
The film 's plentiful complications are n't necessarily unique ... but they 're given corkscrew verve by taut plotting and correspondingly fleet , no-nonsense direction .
A barebones-budgeted sci-fi B picture that 's more of an intellectual exercise than a source of chills and thrills .
Easily the best science fiction movie in a decade
Timecrimes is not for everyone , it 's leisurely yet tense pacing sees to that , but for those looking to utilize their gray matter some when digesting a horror film , you 'll find a lot to dig about it .
one of the best movie opening sequences in recent memory ... The rest , unfortunately , is a bit more predictable .
Twisty time-travel drama is rather hard work , but ultimately provides modest pleasures .
It may not be flashy but there are flashes of cleverness sparkling throughout .
The latest in a line of effective , low-budget genre items out of Spain , Nacho Vigalondo 's feature debut shows that good cinematic time travelers can be done on a shoestring with the right script .



@highlight

Timecrimes is a low-budget thriller that 's well-crafted and loaded with dark humor and bizarre twists .