Despite the occasional gruesomely gleeful tone of this film , -LRB- you may find yourself laughing in inappropriate places -RRB- it has an odd dignity , most of which comes from Tommy Lee Jones .
In The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada , there is heartbreak , loss , and adultery , all of it general and all of it far more affecting than any self-righteous ethics or anachronistic western codes .
An offbeat , tonal take on the Western , Tommy Lee Jones ' The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada is best described as soulful and creative , if scattered and overambitious .
Exerts considerable , groggy power
As an actor Tommy Lee Jones rarely makes a false move . A master of understatement , he conveys a sense of enormous power held in check . The same could be said of his first feature as a director , Three Burials .
Tommy Lee himself must be mentioned , as he pulls a nuanced role with a craggy , sunburnt face that 's impressive to behold . He 's at the top of his game in this flick , all the more remarkable as he 's literally wearing many hats on the production .
Part character study , part Peckinpah-esque border Western , part mystic epic , Three Burials traverses its uncharted territories with a humour and humanity that lighten the burden of its sadness .
Breathtaking tableaus , colorful characters , and a moving message about redemption end up overshadowed by wanton insanity one might normally associate with a sadistic snuff film .
A stunningly offbeat and finely controlled directorial debut .
The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada is a spiritual exploration so profound and complex that it 's impossible to take it all in with one viewing .
one of those offbeat dramas that would never have gotten produced without the clout of a major star behind it . ... a challenging , unpredictable film that never allows the audience to get too comfortable .
A parable , buddy movie , western myth and road movie all rolled into one % u2013 one excellent one
You owe it to yourself to saddle up with them .
A stiff shows up with gruesome repetition in The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada , and some will be surprised to learn that it is n't Tommy Lee Jones ' former college roommate , Al Gore .
It attempts to cover a lot of territory just like the American border patrol in Texas , but its results are mixed , perhaps , not unlike the border patrol .
The film skitters along the lives of sad people in low places .
A fotografia ressalta a secura e o aspecto rochoso das locações como forma de estabelecer uma metáfora visual da própria existência daquelas pessoas retratadas pelo roteiro .
Intriguingly structured , beautifully shot and superbly acted Western - this is one of the highlights of the year .
This gripping film about real people is well-worth excavating .
They say good things come in threes : burials , for one , and Tommy Lee Jones -LRB- for another -RRB- .
A messy drama that digs up a made-to-order villain -LRB- the racist U.S. authorities -RRB- and a dead hero -LRB- an illegal Mexican immigrant -RRB- ... Jones doubles-back on the story repeatedly , running roughshod over his characters to shovel in his political points .
A safe , satisfying drama steeped in classic notions of loyalty and friendship .
Jones ' theatrical directorial debut is imbued with all the intensity , compassion , fierceness and sly humor that mark the actor 's best performances
It 's a scorching journey alongside stubborn fools like us as they stumble awkwardly toward grace , or run headlong in the other direction until the wages of sin catch up with them .
I wanted to scream at the screen , ` Just bury him and be done with it ! '
Do n't let the near-impossible-to-remember title keep you away from this singular and slightly surreal Tommy Lee Jones scorcher .
The sweep and classic themes of The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada make it a rare modern western , and a good one , too .
The film is finally more successful in bits and pieces than as a whole .
This is a modest , low-budget , and low-key film but Jones shows a sure hand and real directing power with handling his actors .
strong characters that nurse us over rugged horse paths and through craggy nooks
`` The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada '' is rugged and quiet , absurd and humourous .
This is n't a film that demands to be enjoyed in order to be remembered -- one way or the other , it will stick with you .
That Burials works on multiple levels makes it great , and the fact that it 's great says a lot about -LSB- director-star Tommy Lee -RSB- Jones .
In true Peckinpah fashion , the harsh , involving Three Burials showcases lawlessness , heartlessness and gallows humor on the frontier . But this modern Western 's prevailing themes are propriety and friendship .
With all due respect to that important , quasi-controversial , most-honored film of last year , this is the best Western of 2005 .
-LSB- A -RSB- long , kooky , immensely absorbing picture , which forges the elegiac cruelty of a Cormac McCarthy novel with the two-fisted machismo of a Sam Peckinpah movie , and comes up with an altogether new brand of Western mythology .
Sam Peckinpah is no longer with us to stir up south-of-the-border madness , but Tommy Lee Jones has taken over the franchise .
Tommy Lee Jones ' directorial debut is an extraordinarily complex , robust tale . Deceptively , it looks like a violent modern western but the undercurrents and intelligence behind the story elevate this to art .
Funny , tough , filled with cut-to-the-bone moments and bleached in the heat of the Texas sun , The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada is a movie that sears itself into the viewer with uncompromising vision and stark approach .
It boasts genuinely and uniformly fine performances -- a credit to Jones the director and the actor , as well as his costars -- some stunning cinematography by the great Chris Menges and a uncompromising script by -LSB- Guillermo -RSB- Arriaga .
The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada features some solid , if not spectacular , performances , as well as a bizarre and dark sense of humor -- which come in handy when the film starts meandering and runs out of steam .
Burials barely has one plot : Grizzled Texas cowhand Pete Perkins -LRB- Tommy Lee Jones -RRB- wants to give his pal proper internment in Mexico and make his killer pay .
By turns brutal and sadistic , humorous and moralistic , Jones weaves a tale that has the moral heft of a fable and the gritty realism of 1970s cinema .
The strange odyssey that ... forms the heart of the movie covers emotional terrain as stark yet as varied as the borderlands themselves .
Jones gives himself the plum role , not out of vanity but to do justice to Arriaga 's story . ... The only actor capable of playing a man like Perkins is Tommy Lee Jones .
As ` Brokeback Mountain ' and now ` Burials ' demonstrate , filmmakers continue to find usefulness and meaning in the mythology and iconography of that most American -LRB- and masculine -RRB- of self-critiques , the Western .
... a smart and beautiful movie that touches on the nature of borders , actual and mythic .
Three Burials is a film with a lot on its mind , but it succeeds best when it leaves ideas behind and focuses on simple beauty .
A brooding , narratively brusque tale of the modern West , as unvarnished and stripped of pretense as bones bleached by sun , wind and drifting sand .
Tommy Lee Jones ' big-screen directorial debut might not be the easiest film to watch , but its payoff makes it one of the better trips to the movies of the past year .
Few films have ever captured the feel of the desert Southwest better than Tommy Lee Jones ' The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada .
A seriously promising directorial debut from an already great actor .
A satisfying little morality play about prejudice and responsibility .
The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada can at least rest on its laurels from Cannes .
Among the movie 's many grim figures , Mel 's decaying corpse -LRB- badly preserved with anti-freeze -RRB- serves as metaphor and reality , an occasion for respect and the limit of legend . % u2014 9 February 2006
-LSB- The film -RSB- echoes in its weary bones end-of-the-West films by the likes of Sam Peckinpah , John Ford and Clint Eastwood .
May not be a perfectly polished diamond , but it is one treasure worth digging up .
Jones holds it all together like old chaps glued by sweat , and if you want a modern offshoot of the Western even beyond the risks of Brokeback Mountain , here it is .
Gives us little information about Pete and Mequiades , but plenty about the loathsome border patrol guy .
While compelling in its own right , Three Burials is more an homage to a past master than an original work .
Without the wise and well-crafted words of screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga , it 's just so much posturing .
Wily , sad , funny , and full of life .
For a movie about the policing of borders , could n't this one have maintained a firmer one , between credulity and incredulity ? Between seriousness and self-seriousness ?
A loose , generous , funky little oater with a deliciously ghoulish sense of humor , it 's probably the sweetest movie I 've ever seen about taking a road trip with a rotting corpse .
Though this is Jones ' first attempt at directing a feature , his work is solid , in part because he know knows this place and these people so well .
New filmmakers are often told `` do n't mistake motion for action . '' This is why .
Part Homer , part Dante , set on the Texas/Mexican border .
All this edginess , combined with the grandeur and sweep of a classic western , demonstrates that Jones clearly knows how to tell a story -- and how to confound us at the same time .
Three Burials still reaches the kind of pungency it seems to be seeking , and it touches on issues of alienation and distance very relevant to the reality of countless migrants .
Jones , directing his first feature , finds the right note in every scene , bringing Arriaga 's elegant cipher to life .
As satire , The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada is n't funny or illuminating , and as a drama it has only a few scattered moments .
Behind the hype lies a banal morality tale told in needlessly jumbled flashbacks and gorged with gruesome atrocities out of a Sam Peckinpah flick .
A wry and sometimes alarming contemporary Western .
Jones , screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga and a crew blessed with pristine vision have delivered a tale of friendship and ethics worthy of Greek tragedy .
Tommy Lee Jones makes his feature directing debut here , and the film is as weathered , subtle , and sympathetic as the actor 's own face .
Melquiades ... is meant to function as some sort of potent symbol , but ` Three Burials ' is too oblique to give his presence -- buried or otherwise -- much significance .
When it stays on track , The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada turns into a thing of musty beauty .
-LSB- Jones has made -RSB- a rugged modern-day Western that evokes the spirit of Sam Peckinpah -- and reinvents it through his own perspective .
... the most impressive directorial debut the American cinema has seen in some time , a contemporary western both rough and poetic , laconic and passionate .
It 's a disorganized journey of redemption and a wandering study of prejudice and promises .
The acting is so good throughout , and Texas native Jones does such a sharp , unforced job of directing a story dear to his geographical and spiritual heart , The Three Burials is the rare film that gets better and better as it goes .
It is a brave look at the distortions created when an international border bisects what natural law intended to be a cultural melting pot .
The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada tells the kind of story that John Huston or Sam Peckinpah might have wanted to film .
At times , Burials seems to be arguing that ` civilization ' is a joke and that we 're kidding ourselves if we think we believe the world makes sense .
Begins deep in Peckinpah territory , but soon forges its own unique , queerly beautiful path ... A masterpiece , flat out .
Tommy Lee Jones ' feature directorial debut is probably much as you 'd expect : a blast of nostalgia that nonetheless accepts the realities of modernity
What , exactly , is the devil in Mr. Jones ?
Crash by way of Cormac McCarthy .
Tommy Lee Jones makes a sure-handed feature directing debut and gives one of the best performances of his career .
A beguiling and fast-paced Tex-Mex western saga of transcendent meaning and beauty
If you 've seen and loved Lone Star , you will not want to miss this similar character study and mystery .
Like Richard Farnsworth , L. Q. Jones or even Steve McQueen in his later performances , Jones ' world-weary western masculinity transcends `` movie acting . ''
The film works on three levels : as a visually appealing modern Southwestern saga , as an old-fashioned cowboy story , and as a compelling , slightly troubling look at modern ideas superimposed against an old-fashioned lifestyle .
A simple , stoic , well-structured contemporary Western that brings a humanist point of view to bigger issues .
Tommy Lee Jones ' stirring and deeply felt Three Burials proves one thing : Sometimes the most compelling films are the ones closest to the heart .
Beautiful , authentic and brutally observant of human nature .
A satire that touches deeply even as it amuses so richly .
Believable performances , excellent cinematography , and it is mixed with little oddities and humor that keep it from being overly oppressive .
A literally slow-moving western that plays out as laboriously as its title .
A simple , rugged tale about friendship , loyalty , keeping your word , and the importance of human life . It 's also a must see .
What does a masterpiece look like ? Like The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada , one of the best movies of the decade so far .
This , despite the brutality and diversions -LSB- two of the most boring sex scenes this year -RSB- , this is well worth a look .
A beautifully written and acted mini-epic about life and death , although it might be somewhat enigmatic for many viewers .
Has a type of quiet grace that 's out of step and perhaps out of style with modern Hollywood convention .
It 's worth a wary look before it attains midnight cult-movie status .
Ignore the rotten title ; make Jones -LRB- and yourself -RRB- happy -- see this movie .
Tommy Lee Jones has crafted a modern Western worthy of Peckinpah with a message of racial understanding that 's as relevant -LRB- and subversive -RRB- as anything you 'll find in movies today .
Three Burials is just a cluster of symbols , and what they symbolize is this : a director who has seen too many European art films .
I 'm afraid that this small but potent film may be lost in the shuffle and be pushed to the wayside by the big guys on the block .
Like most westerns , the action is slow and the dialogue slower , but that only helps to ratchet up the drama .
The essentially sanctified Melquiades ... is the least developed character ... Jones and Arriaga instead focus on the redemption of Estrada 's white neighbors .
Worth seeing as a hickory-smoke tale of contrition and redemption .
... a beautifully crafted and original piece of work . Hats off to Mr. Jones .
Incisive yet supple , wrenching yet deeply pleasurable , The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada easily ranks among the year 's best pictures .
A smug lesson posing as a Peckinpah deathfest .
The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada may not be a love story per se , but it is , for my money , the most deeply affecting portrait of cowboy camaraderie to be found on movie screens this season .
Jones handles his fellow actors well , drawing a hard , anguished performance from Pepper and allowing January Jones -LRB- no relation -RRB- to bring a touching vulnerability to Mike 's bored , vapid , baby-doll wife .
A small movie that plays like a Western epic .
A well-structured and literate yarn that employs the classic qualities of older films with a simplicity and sincerity that makes them fresh again .
Tommy Lee Jones makes the year 's most assured directorial debut .
Jones carries Pete 's weight of grief but without betraying the character 's emotional impenetrability or slack conscience .
As a vision of the American West and the wide country around it , Tommy Lee Jones 's western strikes both fresh and familiar chords , most of them pleasingly dissonant .
Takes the finale of Lonesome Dove to new levels with his directorial debut ; a poetic tribute to a dying breed and a Peckinpahesque examination of friendship and kept promises .
ultimately affirms the value of all humans , privileged and poor , good and evil , all of us -- and that 's quite an achievement
Three Burials is finally a little smug -- Jones , despite a Best Actor nod at Cannes , undergoes no Ethan Edwards corruption-of-the-soul , no ambivalence , no ordeal by rectitude .
Fascinating road-and-buddy adventure story on the Tex-Mex border .
This is the real deal , kids .
An excruciatingly boring morality tale with poorly developed characters and a big spiritual finale that sputters .
Sam Peckinpah lives !
My enthusiasm for The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada knows no bounds .
... hurt by an overlong running time ...
The helmer 's subtle work with his excellent cast and Chris Menges ' widescreen vistas of merciless West Texas landscapes help to temper the story 's excesses .
Tommy Lee Jones ' bracing bigscreen directorial debut , which copped acting and writing awards from the Cannes Film Festival jury , connects with both the head and the heart .
Jones displays a firm hand at the helm -- you sense that he is well within his comfort zone in this environment -- and performances including his own are lively and convincing .
A revenge Western that will do Peckinpah and Eastwood proud , this is a morality tale with political overtones about the culture clash between white Americans and Mexicans










@highlight

Tommy Lee Jones ' directorial debut is both a potent western and a powerful morality tale .