There 's nothing quite as devastating as tragedy treated with sharp and precise Northern European restraint .
As a critic , I do n't always have the luxury of choosing everything I see . And a lucky thing , too , because director Susanne Bier 's After the Wedding is making a strong argument that my instincts about Danish cinema are wrong wrong wrong .
Une oeuvre aussi sincère que les intentions de ses protagonistes qui épate par l'efficacité d'une mise en scènes dont les rouages se veulent entièrement au service du discours
Un buen ejemplo de cómo se puede hacer una película madura y atrapante con el mismo argumento base de una telenovela mexicana .
A top-notch piece of work by a director whose richly authentic dramas are regular inclusions in festival programmes .
It 's a treat when a movie offers characters this rich and layered .
One of the very best films to be released in America in the first third of 2007 .
After the Wedding is seamless , holding our attention , engaging our emotions and satisfying our cinematic needs with a story of human weakness , strength , heart and the capriciousness of fate
Every scene is kissed with irony , the characters all seem believably flawed , the narrative unfolds with just the right storytelling panache and everything else about the production seems right .
Those willing to overlook its emotional grandstanding will find much to admire and even more to think about in this Oscar-nominated Danish drama .
Some of the scenes are downright devastating , as the various characters come to terms with their own choices . It 's not nearly as spectacular as other contemporary Danish films , but the craft and acting bring it above the genre in which it slips .
Uma obra de intensa carga emocional .
Bier -LSB- is -RSB- the latest in a long line of filmmakers who have mastered the art of making movies about people we can all thank God we 're not .
Lovely , dense and surprising .
The portent of -LSB- director -RSB- Bier 's unyielding vision may turn some viewers off , but she has the extraordinarily moving story to warrant the self-conscious artiness .
Helene , caught like Jacob between lives , spends much of the film trying to explicate choices that now look only wrong .
One of the more interesting themes of this movie is the question of which is more important to a cause , the man or the money .
There are certainly some big emotional moments here that vibrate with emotional intensity , but they always stop short of sheer theatrics , and it does n't feel like any of them are unearned .
A shrewdly constructed narrative and strong lead performances make up for much -- including Bier 's irritating penchant for shoving her handheld camera in her cast 's faces .
After the Wedding 's anguished portrait of family , charity , and mortality peels back layers in the characters that defy their easy categorization .
After the Wedding has a dignity of purpose that is made to feel authentic by the performances .
... a highly entertaining film that manages to be brutally honest about human motivation and the compromises we 're willing to make to hold onto the people we love for as long as we can .
The odd cropping of the closeups is Bier 's way of acknowleding that the slices of life we see onscreen ca n't begin to convey the complicated messiness of existence .
... a powerful drama about secrets ... At times it threatens to veer into soap opera , but the filmmakers and actors keep it true .
After the Wedding is a sad film in many ways , but it 's also surprisingly uplifting . Thanks to -LSB- director -RSB- Bier and her cast , any tears shed in the audience will be perfectly natural .
The plotting in After the Wedding is melodramatic , even a bit soap-operatic . Yet , unlike many Hollywood features and TV soaps , the material is done in a way that seems refreshingly real and honest .
It 's Mikkelsen who anchors the movie , as his moody Jacob tries to reconcile his past mistakes with his current passion for his students in India .
... a rare film of conflict without villains .
Yes , they throw more than rice at this Wedding , but it 's all in service of an astutely observed and sometimes shattering human drama .
On its own terms and apart from the awards hoopla , AFTER THE WEDDING is a decent , if flawed feature that works mostly due to the efforts of its talented cast .
A fully engaging drama , with powerful emotional punches and surprises .
Bier 's not timid about tossing any number of volatile ingredients into an already-simmering pot .
You leave the movie feeling exhausted , argumentative and exhilarated , surely the sign of a powerful film in any language .
Initially threatening to turn into the most shameless of melodramas , it instead builds upon its rickety foundation with such dexterity and grace that it eventually emerges as a deeply moving experience .
An emotional masterpiece whose end is impossible to guess .
Just when we start to find these people interesting and credible , the plot tosses us something we do n't believe for a minute .
It 's a traumatic journey peeling away those layers of secrecy , repression and regret , but the actors are equal to those hyper-emotional demands . After the Wedding is a story told with unsparing honesty and skill .
May be the strangest and most surprising film you 'll see this year , in that its character development runs counter to the expectations aroused by its narrative sequencing .
A rare treat -- do n't miss it !
Director Susanne Bier is obviously fond of extreme close-ups -LRB- people smoking , people drinking , people licking their lips -RRB- , especially focusing the camera on the actors ' eyeballs too many times to count . I can overlook this annoying little technique becaus
A deeply intimate tale of regret and hope , with characters that will linger in your thoughts .
Who 'd have thought a Danish soap opera would be as bad as an American one ?
-LSB- Director -RSB- Bier 's careful touch and the skill of the cast make After the Wedding an emotional and often lovely film . It 's mostly a series of two-person scenes , delicately filled in with character details .
The film brings us face to face with the movie 's starkest truth : It 's not whether or not we prevail over the inevitable setbacks in life , but who we connect with along the way .
There are no guarantees with this sort of thing , but it really is possible that one or two scenes in After the Wedding will stay with you for the rest of your life .
Sounds like a soap opera . But Danish director Susanne Bier builds a high-minded melodrama from this plot material .
As the premise might suggest , Jensen 's dramatic structure is so visible this sometimes seems like a late Rod Serling teleplay , but Bier has proved highly adept at merging conventional drama with the immediacy of the Dogma 95 movement .
For once , the bigger the emotion , the truer the moviegoing experience .
Life 's a mess , it says , but you ca n't sweep up the dirt until you 've taken a good , hard look at it .
In less accomplished hands might have been dismissed as mawkish and contrived , but ... comes across as surprisingly honest and affecting .
... star Mads Mikkelsen is becoming internationally known and while he delivers another fine performance here it is Rolf Lassgård who proves the revelation as the billionaire with a huge hidden agenda .
Even when -LSB- Bier 's -RSB- movie ventures in deepest contrivance it pulls you along like a willing puppy on a gently tugged leash .
A serious adult drama that , in the wrong hands , would have certainly been a cloying mess . Instead , it 's a riveting character study/soap opera .
If what Bier and veteran co-writer Anders Thomas Jensen created is melodrama , then so is the stuff of life .
In my book it 's high camp -- a thrill ride for emotion junkies .
Mikkelsen , Lassgard , Knudsen and Christensen seem to burrow into the deepest parts of their hearts and souls to turn the stuff of soap opera into a search for the real self .
`` After the Wedding '' has the makings of a melodramatic soap opera were it not in the hands of a seasoned director like Susanne Bier
-LSB- The -RSB- handheld , digital camerawork provides an ultra-realistic , immediate feel , but also highlights the film 's cautious , dramatic sidestepping .
This is a fine tale of families and secrets , and its seemingly cold exterior gives way to something unexpectedly warm and soft inside .
Handsome drama that reveals depth beneath its polished veneer .
A cast from paradise , brilliantly directed by Susanne Bier .
We have Rolf Lassgard chewing the scenery like nobody 's business , and Ms. Babett managing to keep up with him . Mads Mikkelsen tries to keep up , but even though he ca n't , he 's close enough behind to almost keep up with them .
A paradoxical , if ultimately plausible portrait of a fractured family which deals with baby-daddy drama in a way which puts similar , relatively-flip Hollywood fare to shame .
After The Wedding could be the cinematic equivalent of a Coldplay song . And while that is n't necessarily a slam , it is n't a recommendation either .
Bier 's insistence on adding even more melodramatics into the mix feels like a mistake .
A thoughtful exploration of paternity and responsibility . Much of the film 's success lies in Bier 's sensitive direction , but credit is also due to the fine cast , particularly Mikkelsen .
A thrilling -- and harrowing , and beautiful -- celebration of the unpredictability of life .
It speaks the universal language of high romance in the distinctly unromantic Danish tongue . But do n't be put off by that . It is a kind of treat we are only rarely offered these days .
A deceptively unadorned movie that ends in huge , untidy and enormously satisfying emotions .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Bier has lots -LSB- of -RSB- surprises up her sleeve to keep After the Wedding humming for two solid hours .
The characters may suffer once the bride walks down the aisle , but -LSB- director -RSB- Bier , -LSB- writer -RSB- Jensen and their first-rate cast work together like a match made in heaven .
The filmmakers pile on a heap of life 's complications but for all the recriminations , the movie remains involving because of its convincing compassion for its characters .
Script takes one melodramatic turn too many , ultimately pushing the film 's characters around like so many pieces on a chessboard . What begins so promisingly ends on a decidedly soapy note .
A substantive film about an idealistic Danish aid worker who is forced to stretch his own capacities for love and compassion , directing them in new channels that surprise and challenge him .
Dark secrets eat away from within , but after 120 minutes of self-loathing this soapy tale fails to engage with either genuine mystery or genuine reconciliation .
After the Wedding is a modern creation with a classic theme involving haves and have-nots , bloodlines and family ties .
Every time you think you are going to hit a cliche , the film turns on it .
It 's that paradoxical melodrama that point-blank refuses to acknowledge that it 's being melodramatic , conveying its scenario with enough intensity , psychological acuity and forceful acting to ignore labels and flat-out overpower audiences .
Evidently , this bloated piece of Oscar-nominated nonsense was a big hit in Denmark , which makes me think there 's a glittering future in that otherwise discriminating country for several seasons of Days of Our Lives .
Crisply written and acted soap opera from Susanne Bier , but vague in its intentions .
What feels at first like a quiet , straightforward picture builds into one of the richest and most satisfying of the year so far , in any genre or any language .
Thanks to a tight script , sharp direction and excellent actors , new film by Danish helmer Susanne Bier manages to be both emotional and engaging .
Talented filmmaker Susanne Bier , armed with an outstanding compositional sense , keeps control over the storms of melodrama that swirl in this rich weepie .
Secrets are revealed . Tears are shed . One revelation leads to the next , but never once does the story seem gratuitous .
For a filmmaker who 's so attracted to psychological discomfort , Bier has a disarming affinity with the pleasure principle . In this she 's further blessed to have cast the riveting Mikkelsen , who here displays the self-conscious jitter of the young Pacino .
I hereby declare a moratorium on any such filmmakers entering India in hopes of preventing any further culturally condescending journeys into the white man 's heart of darkness .
As with many of Bier 's films , a certain suspension of disbelief is necessary : but she has a distinctive and engaging storytelling style .
The film generates such visceral heat , the whole notion of genre becomes irrelevant .
After the Wedding ends up feeling far weightier than it first appears , with its plot contrivances and unlikely coincidences generating such a messy range of emotions , they end up feeling a lot like real life .
A poignant and intimate drama about revelations that have life-changing impact , Bier 's film proves that the rude health of Danish cinema continues unabated .
At heart , Bier is an actor 's director , and it 's the uniformly fine performances she engenders from her cast that make ` After the Wedding ' as satisfying as it is .
The storyline is a highly melodramatic , but some solid performances and the relentless intimacy of the camerawork give this a Dogme sense of significance .
A superb performance by Mads Mikkelsen and an engaging , sharply written script .
This might n't be as fun as a Big Fat Greek Wedding , but there 's at least as many broken plates afterwards ...
This Oscar-nominated melodrama again shows Bier 's ability to turn simple character drama into gripping , almost operatic filmmaking , but unlike her last marvelous film Brothers , here , she juggles too many story threads to offer a similar emotional wallop
What could have been a soap soars thanks to a sharp script and magnetic performances .
The wunderkind Jensen 's scripts are all schematic and prone to stock characters , but they are soap operas after all , and After the Wedding is beautifully performed by its eager cast .
As in any good melodrama , After the Wedding indulges in its share of tears , but it 's also surprisingly hopeful .
This melodrama about a miserable Good Samaritan -LRB- Mads Mikkelsen -RRB- staring down a difficult -LRB- and heroically contrived -RRB- ethical dilemma gets soapier -- and dopier -- as it goes along .
At two hours , After the Wedding stretches out family flux too thinly and waits too long to reveal the final , devastating secret that we already know .
Incredibly heart-wrenching , and full of some very , very strong performances
A filmmaker who excels in peeling back those delicate layers of human frailty , Denmark 's Susanne Bier returns to Toronto , which premiered her previous two films , with another powerful family portrait .
Mikkelsen is fascinatingly angry throughout . He is , after all , the guy who weeps blood tears in Casino Royale , so he 's already earned his coolness points .


@highlight

The cast brings After the Wedding 's melodramatic script to life , creating a movie that is emotionally raw and satisfying .