These studios just do n't know when to quit while they 're ahead .
A boorishly bland supernatural action thriller .
Never will you wish more fervently for an Adrienne Barbeau cameo , just for old time 's sake . Your prayers will be in vain .
Even the geography of the film does n't seem to make sense .
So concerned is the film with contriving at least one gratuitous jump-fright every five minutes that elements like character and story soon become lost in the fog .
The production values are above par , but as in Carpenter 's original , seeing ghosts is less scary than imagining them .
Yet another anaemic horror retread starring a cast of good-looking TV totty .
A lousy remake of a not-so-good John Carpenter film .
Do n't be afraid .
With dialogue as dorky as the words new screenwriter Cooper Lane stuffed in their mouths , none of the hapless cast members could have sounded convincing .
If you are a fan of the original film , this remake might interest you . It 's not badly made . But why was it made at all ?
... the latest in a long line of needless horror remakes . .
The actors do their best , under the circumstances . Welling makes an engaging lead and Grace employs her trademarked wounded , fragile look -LRB- that serves her so well in Lost -RRB- to good effect and wanders around in her underwear a lot .
A mediocre remake of a 1980s horror movie of the same name which was n't that good to begin with .
Another remake bites the dust .
A dull , stupid , boring picture , inferior in every way to the John Carpenter film it remakes , but it 's bad for the same reason a lot of effects-driven movies are bad .
Best-viewed through actual fog .
Pale WB-style hunks and hotties and a ` funny ' black guy whose sole purpose is to say words like ` dawg ' confront a CGI mist that looks like it could be erased with a couple of mouse clicks .
If you want to be frightened , do n't bother with this remake .
Mildly scary here and there .
That John Carpenter , credited here as a producer , had a hand in diminishing his own legacy would be tragic if any of this mattered .
Like most remakes , The Fog is pretty unnecessary .
The acting is stilted and the direction clunky - not that the original was any masterpiece .
A pale remake of a 25-year-old horror film that was n't all that memorable to begin with .
-LSB- It -RSB- pales in comparison to Carpenter 's original fogbanks , some of which were created by optical effects nearly as ancient as filmmaking itself but still vastly more believable than anything seen in this absolutely dreadful and just plain dull remake .
There 's no good reason for another rendition of John Carpenter 's 1980 film about the ghosts of drowned lepers seeking revenge on the inhabitants of a seaside California town .
Either way , give it a week or two and it 's a sure bet The Fog will already have disappeared from theaters along with the morning dew .
Making concessions at every turn to the youth-horror market , the film slashes the ages of its protagonists by some 15 years , and its IQ follows suit .
It seems to set a record for the quantity of shock moments that involve either a pane of glass breaking or something catching fire .
The foggy bottom boys are back and kicking up quite a fuss in The Fog , a fright-filled remake of John Carpenter 's 1980 horror thriller .
Mold-covered clichés are the most frightening things in The Fog .
Although it 's rehash , it 's not that bad ... wait to rent it .
Even foggier than the disappointing original .
A film riddled with missed opportunities for good clean scares .
You may jump and wince a couple of times , but only because the soundtrack features a few loud bangs that are cranked up beyond pain threshold .
Simply , irredeemably , insufferably boring -- the one thing a horror picture just ca n't survive .
We 're meant to be unsettled by digital spectres , reckless Mack trucks , and rotting old pirates who look every bit as terrifying as the guy on the Fisherman 's Friend cold-lozenge box .
`` We got ta go ! '' Poor Nick -LRB- Tom Welling -RRB- says this a few too many times in The Fog .
It attempts to apply too much logic to the events going on that it distracts the viewer from pleasure and replaces it with boredom .
Yes , there 's `` something in ` The Fog , ' '' all right . Another weekend of low box office proceeds and more dismal reviews for yet another unnecessary , poorly made remake .
Lock your doors . Bolt your windows . And for heaven 's sake , stay away from the multiplex .
I was held in suspense throughout The Fog , aching to learn the answer to its central riddle : Why would any one remake such a crummy movie ?
The fog also does something genuinely eerie : It causes everyone in the cast to deliver dreadful performances and display inappropriate reactions when their friends are drowned , burned , stabbed or thrown into glass display cases .
Add one more to the list of unnecessary horror remakes .
It is all utterly formulaic and predictable , and there 's not even a rooting interest in trying to figure out who might live and who might die .
A soggy ghost story wrapped in an aggressively swirling wall of mist .
It 's typical of pic 's adherence to rigid genre conventions that the very first victims are brazen hotties who are shown drinking , dancing and wearing revealing attire prior to their deaths .
This Fog lacks the one thing the original had -- originality -- but it qualifies as more than a mist opportunity .
It 's atmospheric , but only in the literal sense .
Carl Sandburg once wrote that the fog comes on little cat feet . Director Rupert Wainwright 's ` The Fog , ' however , clomps around like an elephant in cement boots .
The Union of Fog Machine Operators can be proud of its contributions to this yawner .
... enduring The Fog is like trying to swim effortlessly through a giant bowl of dripping and sticky pea soup-it 's messy and just as pointless .
proof that maybe even moviegoers should sue
Like watching a cut-rate Roger Corman rip-off of a big Hollywood film , only the tables are ironically turned . The big budget studio version seems pale in comparison .
Hollywood is a remake junky and we 're its enablers . How long before the studio system has a fatal overdose ? The Fog could do it . Moviedom , you need help .
Irredeemably irresponsible .
Maggie Grace can be snobby-scared , or snobby-haughty , or even snobby-injured , but she ca n't seem to leave that snobbyness behind , no matter what is chasing her .
The Fog is a bore , laden with unspectacular special effects and dreadful acting from television-trained youth who do n't have the experience to truly deliver the goods .
A movie where everyone 's last breath ends in a scream . Where is Adrienne Barbeau when we need her ?
a plot that has been reworked into something resembling crudely made hash
It 's rather refreshing to encounter an almost quaintly retro thriller that depends more on tension and suggestion than on gross-out effects .
A textbook example of how not to make a horror film .
Wainwright 's Fog proves successful only at blowing .
The second absolutely atrocious remake in 2005 of a John Carpenter movie ... And where 's Tom Atkins when you need him ?
Who knows ? Maybe if we ignore these pointless remakes enough , pretty soon they 'll all go away .
Horror remakes like this one paint all the others with a huge and objectionable brush , because this flick absolutely stinks of half-hearted effort and assembly-line cynicism .




@highlight

The Fog is a so-so remake of a so-so movie , lacking scares , suspense or originality .