This is a poet 's film , harsh , cruel and lovely . There have been few better British films than Brief Encounter even at a time when our studios are taking their place in the vanguard of this great contemporary art .
Lean 's sad , buttoned-up account of unconsummated love is about all of us and our cautious natures .
Brief Encounter makes an illicit love affair more than that , giving the doomed romance more of a soul than a thousand tragic romances since then .
Romance and goodness are evoked with equal power and from these conflicting impulses , voluptuous demons spring eternal .
The leads are outstanding , but credit should also go to the forgotten Cyril Raymond , whose decent dullness as Johnson 's husband makes those stolen Thursdays seem so special .
One of cinema 's classic love stories .
Noël Coward 's Brief Encounter is , to my mind , not only the most mature work Mr Coward has yet prepared for the cinema , but one of the most emotionally honest and deeply satisfactory films that have ever been made in this country .
One of the most vivid , impassioned and painfully believable love stories ever committed to celluloid .
Sheer perfection-the gold standard of tragic romances whose influence can still be seen to this day .
... still embraced as one of the most romantic films ever made , and it has earned its reputation .
Haunting in its evocative mood -- one enhanced by Robert Krasker 's cinematography and Lean 's meticulous , muted direction -- Brief Encounter primarily hinges on the extraordinary performance by Celia Johnson .
Retrata seu par romântico com sensibilidade e complexidade -LRB- especialmente para a época -RRB- , pecando apenas pela insistência em introduzir diversas cenas de alívio cômico conduzidas por Holloway e Carey .
Lovely , small-scale romance by David Lean .
Solid romantic classic directed by David Lean . Johnson and Howard are terrific .
David Lean finds poetry and lyricism in Noel Coward 's initimate dram about the romance between two ordinary people married to others , acted with admirable restraint by Trevor Howard and Celia Johnson .
Back in cinemas and welcomed by me .
Cyril Raymond manages to invest the stodgy character with a lovable quality .
Rarely rises above the level of the old women 's magazines .
Stodgy and dated .
Go and see it again - and try not to giggle at the clipped accents .
David Lean paints heartbreak with perfect decorum .
The loveliest period piece imaginable .
Twee , but you ca n't help but get involved .
Noble and utterly heartbreaking .
Beautifully monochrome rendering of a love that can not be .
A classic of passionate reserve .
Some films do n't age well , and no doubt Brief Encounter had more of an emotional effect in the social climate of post-war Britain .
Perfect .
How extraordinary that such a simple , unassuming little film could work such powerful magic over so many people for so many generations .
the pair are so bloody high minded that the noble purity of their romance is almost laughable
A great film .
An uncommonly good little picture -- and one which is frankly designed to appeal to that group of film-goers who are provoked by the ` usual movie tripe . '
There 's something so potent about its mixture of doomed illicit love and Rachmaninoff 's Second Piano Concerto that it appears to be indelible .
They just do n't make 'em like they used to .
David Lean 's Brief Encounter towers over the majority of romantic films , precisely because it calls the bluff of the genre 's wish fulfillment .
Less cynical souls will weep buckets .
Tender without being melodramatic , intense without being tawdry .
A touching , exquisitely handled film dealing with two ordinary people who accidentally fall in love .
Brief Encounter -LRB- 1946 -RRB- is director David Lean 's brilliantly-crafted , classic British masterpiece - a simple but realistically-honest , unsentimental , self-told


@highlight

Brief Encounter adds a small but valuable gem to the Lean filmography , depicting a doomed couple 's illicit connection with affecting sensitivity and a pair of powerful performance .