Without romanticizing their often insufferable and alienating subjects , the Safdies extend them both a measure of compassion and moments of seemingly heaven-sent reprieve .
A film where the camera is always in motion without glamour and humor but , also , without horror or excessive miserabilism and that has the music of Debussy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story of addiction and survival with a very clean documentary style , with lots of seemingly out of rhythm zooms . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Safdies pull off this episodic plunge into a scuzz-nik world with brash , bracing immediacy : but it 's Holmes ' innate charisma that keeps you there .
For an hour and a half , we watch a vacant young woman batter herself with two ruinous addictions : heroin , and her love for a despicable fellow vagrant Remarkably , though , it all becomes kind of compelling -- a testament to the film 's aggressive vitality .
Kudos to the Safdies for not sugar-coating or otherwise romanticizing the experience of being an addict , but it is a bummer to watch .
In its own downbeat way , it 's a film with spirit and heart .
There 's an acrid authenticity to this portrait of the lives of homeless junkies in New York that seeps , pore-deep , into the viewer .
Cautiously recommended .
Despite the achingly raw performances and formal inventiveness , Heaven Knows What struggles as a piece of gripping cinema .
Lasts 90 minutes , but you could happily spend hours in the dangerous company of Harley .
The Safdie brothers have delivered a fascinating look into the lives of hardcore drug addicts that never feels paternalistic , nor alarmist .
Both heartbreaking and endlessly fascinating to watch .
It might invite you to think again about how you think about what 's real and what 's fiction .
I ca n't comment on how authentically this material is handled . I will say that the behavior of these people , while very often reprehensible , never seems to originate from anywhere other than the characters themselves ;
Heaven Knows What is the latest critical love train I just ca n't hop aboard .
Heaven Knows What ... is almost entirely propelled by the ebb and flow of its characters ' ferocious desires .
Heaven Knows What is a stringently unromantic portrait of fringe dwelling and love , but its authentically monotone picture of street life also makes it kind of deadening .
-LSB- Its -RSB- approach often feels less like an avenue to understanding than like an artistic dead-end , repetitive and limiting .
I have to commend its messy truthfulness and near-documentary DNA .
Heaven Knows What feels like an authentic , sometimes painfully accurate portrait of life in New York City as experienced by the homeless , ever-hustling teenagers .
It 's a hard movie , period , but it 's exceptionally well-made and beautiful in its execution .
Fans of the cinematic street poet Larry Clark -LRB- Kids , Bully -RRB- might go for this , though the unexpected moments of dignity and compassion that deepen his characters are in short supply here .
Holmes has a face that reveals everything and nothing . Besides being strikingly photogenic , she 's a natural .
Undermined by the offscreen truth that makes the world onscreen no longer credible , lost souls only an intrigued filmmaker away from a chance at being saved .
What could kill her ? What she believes : that she has a freighted case of true and fated love , or at least a willful misapprehension that nothing matters more than him .
This may not be a pleasant viewing experience , but it is an enormously compelling one , and with exceptional artistry it forced me to look at and consider people from whom on the street I too often look away .
The whole cast feels authentic , and the Safdies wisely avoid melodrama , keeping a grip on grimy reality that keeps a grip on us .
Aesthetically , the Safdies ' have made a picture of urgent , abrasive beauty .
While one can certainly admire the way in which Holmes and the Safdies immerse us in the hellish world of these characters , the result is really nothing more than a wallow in nihilism .
It 's hard to watch , and hard to turn away . The fourth feature by New York brothers Ben and Joshua Safdie , Heaven Knows What is a bracing , inside look at homeless life .
All this desperation and squalor reeks of authenticity .
A striking portrait of addiction that does n't say anything new - drugs are bad , kids - but it leaves a lasting and chilling impression .
It 's just a portrait of emptiness , but it feels a lot like the real thing .
Unpleasant moral ambiguity is served boiling hot in this drug-poisoned love story .
Obeys many conventions of the genre , trying its best to plunge viewers into a world that , while seemingly liberated of bourgeois proprieties , is actually a narrowly constricted prison of desperation and need .
There 's nothing appealing about the feature , but its stark understanding of illness is remarkably captured at times .
Although the film is raw , intense and even beautiful at times , the queasy knowledge of how it all came together constantly threatens to uproot any artistry .
The Safdies observe it all with a smart , sensitive eye , and of the truth miss nothing . Holmes , meanwhile , is electrifying : she really is a star .
Cinematography by Sean Price Williams is extraordinary , overhead shots of junkies walking along a tony NYC street or a tight shot in a corner of a public library creating a specific , insular world within a diverse and distinctive city
Even if you do n't know the place used to be called Needle Park , Josh and Benny Safdie 's extraordinary indie will put you in mind of that 1971 NYC classic . It may even become one itself .
This is an exciting , creative and exhilarating jolt of cinema , and one of the more perfect `` small gems '' to arrive for some time .
The bleak but captivating film uses music and visuals to create a mood that 's consistently gritty and evocative .
Heaven Knows What -LSB- has -RSB- a backstory precisely as fraught as what happens on screen . And that 's pretty fraught .
By the end of Heaven Knows What , you see Ilya 's fragile , unguarded soul through Harley 's eyes , and the film 's discordances sound like the music of the spheres .
The latest in a long line of movies that seem to assume the milieu of addiction is justification enough for its existence .
When going for gritty realism , it does n't hurt to have your lead actress essentially playing herself .
At the very least , the directors , Josh and Benny Safdie , have created a small , beautiful classic of street theater by rendering these public disputes within a vibrant Manhattan setting through ingenious photography .
For much of the movie , -LSB- the Safdies -RSB- keep the camera discomfitingly close to the characters , blurring out the background and immersing us in their telescoped world .
It also helps that Holmes , Jones and Duress , as well as the mainly non-actors in secondary roles , all inhabit their characters with real conviction .
I 'm glad I saw this film ; considered on its own merits , in terms of what I understand as its artistic goals , it 's a wrenching and finely wrought piece of work .
There 's never a false moment .
It 's not pro-drug per se but it does get them , and it gets , better than most films , that being hooked on dope is a lifestyle and , in part , a job .
Just how much is fictionalized is a toss-up , though mise en scène is location real and , tough for even hardened viewers , the tale strikes a true vein .
One junkie story tends to be much like another , so give brothers Josh and Benny Safdie credit for crafting one that 's genuinely distinctive .
Powerful and poetic , with a lush sense of realism .
The novelty of having a recovering junkie star as a junkie wears thin quickly in this meandering character study/streetlife portrait .
It centers on electrifying newcomer Arielle Holmes as a homeless junkie named Harley , a character largely shaped by the performer 's own extremely recent past .
Heaven Knows What is n't interested in merely exploring the world of New York City addicts . It wants to make their experiences felt .
Structurally too loose but the music in the soundtrack is awards-worthy .
Heaven Knows What is a disorienting , often brutal , haunting film , as emotionally naked and deeply empathetic a portrait of addiction as modern cinema has seen .
Heaven Knows has itchy energy and big city flavor to burn .
`` Heaven Know What '' gives back to people , who , on the rare occasions they 're even seen onscreen , are usually deprived of any agency at all , at least a little ownership of their stories .
The downward ride of two self-destructive heroin addicts living on the mean streets of New York City .
Despite its faults , the Safdie brothers ... have made an effective film that prizes form in a way many films of this kind do not . Not a great film , but one that excitingly suggests they have much stronger visions still to come .
New York-based brothers Josh and Benny Safdie look past Manhattan 's glossy surfaces to reveal an underworld of homeless young heroin addicts hidden in plain sight .
Together , the images and the sounds turn Harley 's reality into a pulverizing grind from which escape is barely even a distant thought .
Consider this a slice of the titular heaven to the hell that follows .
Heaven Knows What quickly obtains an oddly charming rhythm , a sense of eavesdropping on sometimes unlikable , but fully realized , social outsiders .

@highlight

Grueling and rewarding in equal measure , Heaven Knows What hits hard -- and serves as a powerful calling card for its captivating star , Arielle Holmes .