Like its source material from Haruki Murakami , this is a beautiful film that exquisitely captures grief and sadness , and unsurprisingly , it probably wo n't help you if you 're suffering from seasonal affective disorder .
The acting in the film is key . Every moment by Ken ` ichi Matsuyama as Watanabe and Rinko Kikuchi as Naoko is valid yet seems distilled by memory rather than presented raw .
Director Tran Anh Hung would much rather show than tell but he never wants to brag about what he 's showing .
... suffused in melancholia , with imagery as delicate as the lives it presents and atmospheres so fragile they look like they 'd shatter under too much emotional pressure .
Like an old memory that never loses its hold , `` Norwegian Wood '' stays with you .
As melancholy and fragile and at times even as lovely as the John Lennon composition from which it borrows its name ...
We cover years at a bound , but when we light , we tend to spend long , lingering moments through the camera 's loving eye . This is a beautiful film to see .
An angsty -LRB- albeit sensual -RRB- tale of great love and great loss .
Tran has drained the life right out of the novel .
It does n't hit you head on so much as seep into you , and its effects linger .
It becomes a film that , like its characters , remains elusive in its motivations and therefore detached from its audience .
A master of mood and visuals , Tran proves an inspired choice .
There are sequences and situations I found myself floating into the celluloid .
It 's most likely to appeal to fans of the Haruki Murakami novel on which it 's based , and they 're the least likely to enjoy it .
The mood is downbeat and the characters are slow to warm to the audience , yet Hung creates some visually striking imagery .
It 's sweet all the way up , wavers in dread and slides down to doom .
This lush , eventually torpid adaptation of Haruki Murakami 's more nuanced 1987 cult-favorite novel considers youthful love , loss , and eros ...
The juxtaposing of nature and three young lovers make this film a feast for the eyes and the heart .
A visually stunning and moving piece of storytelling bolstered by searing performances and a standout score by Jonny Greenwood .
Maybe this was the project Tran has been waiting for . I rate this the best film of his non-prolific career by far .
It takes no significant liberties with the plot , and it captures the novel 's delicate , half-hopeful , half-mournful tone . So why , unlike its source material , does it feel only half-alive ?
`` Norwegian Wood '' is a restrained portrait of liminal moments , a coming-of-age tale that feels more like a moody ghost story than a neatly contained chronicle of beginnings .
Even for a film set in a land that considers paper folding an exciting activity , this is dull stuff .
The gently diffuse light and color and the compositions by cinematographer Mark Lee Ping Bin , create a delicate , almost watercolored world , fading like a memory .
There 's plenty of sex and insanity , storywise , but the director takes a deliberately minimalistic and monochromatic approach , especially in the direction of his lead actor .
Outstanding performances blend beautifully with a sharp , unsentimental script , stunning cinematography and evocative score to make Norwegian Wood a haunting , mesmerizing symphony of heartache , love , loss and hope .
Low-key and sweeping , intimate and classically melodramatic .
The script does n't possess all of the answers , but there 's enough here to leave the movie sporadically stunning and consistently perceptive .
While this beautiful-looking film at times succeeds in capturing its source material 's delicate emo spirit , it 's far less attentive to the richness of Murakami 's characters .
The truth is knotty in Norwegian Wood , deftly adapted by Franco-Vietnamese writer-director Tran Anh Hung from Haruki Murakami 's most popular novel .
The emotions do n't always hit with the force of Watanabe and Naoko 's heartbreak , but the imagery perfectly realizes the shifts in romantic tone and emotional struggles
`` Norwegian Wood '' registers less as a coherent narrative than as a tortuous reverie steeped in mournful yearning .
Tran seems to realize that the best a filmmaker can do under these circumstances may be to substitute visual for linguistic beauty . And he has created stunning tableaux , before which the saddest of stories unfolds .
Norwegian Wood is a beauteous , lukewarm bore .
A seductive if uneven attempt to bring to the screen a cult novelist 's vision of young love .
The film is perilously close to being an exercise in tactile but touchy-feely passive-aggression .
Two and a half hours that offer barely a hint of the beloved 1987 cult novel 's true flavor .
There 's no escaping the swoony stateliness of the film 's melancholy , where loss and phantoms move like clouds over endless verdant fields .
Tepid , exhausting-overlong tale of sexual awakening adapted from a popular novel .
Looks great ; moves like a steam roller with a flat tyre .
While the film does n't work for me at all , it clearly works for others ; it was selected as one of the 12 in Competition at the 2011 Sydney Film Festival .
Love , death and sorrow are the themes delicately canvassed in this poetic ode to love
... a film suffused in melancholia and disconnection .
Beautiful and affecting , even if it does collapse under the weight of its own earnestness at times .
Vietnamese Director Tran Anh Hung has created a piece of cinematic beauty in Norwegian Wood , an adaptation of the modern literary classic by Haruki Murakami .
Murakami 's bestselling 1987 novel was long thought unfilmable , but Tran does an impressive job of translating the author 's dense and poetic first-person narrative to the screen .
A bit like watching an exquisitely handcrafted candle burn down to its wick - as heavy on woozy colours and flickering sensuality as it is a sense of dramatic inevitability .
A languorous , visually striking movie about love and loss , infused with the earnestness of young people struggling with powerful emotions and with evolving ideas about life , death , art , freedom and responsibility .
Gorgeous to look at , but not very involving .
Norwegian Wood is beautifully shot and stays faithful to Murakami 's novel but it 's also slow-moving , meandering and difficult to engage with the seemingly subdued characters .
You have to take it at its own meditative pace , to wait it out . But then what you get is a love story to cherish permanently .
Haunting , heartbreaking and gorgeous to look at , but a tad overlong .
Brave is the director who seeks to bring Haruki Murakami 's 1987 novel Norwegian Wood to the big screen .
Like most other unfilmable novels , this would have been best left alone .
One moment we are watching these characters , the next - without quite noticing - we are inside them , walking about in their emotional landscapes .
The performances of the young cast attain an affecting blend of reticence and hope , but it 's Tran 's fastidious technique that nudges the film into the realms of greatness .
Murakami 's ` unadaptability ' for the screen is self-evident to fans of his books , but this is a noble if bleak first stab .
You know me : I 'm flamin ' ALWAYS in the mood for 2 1/4 hard-going hours of sex and crying . And if it 's in Japanese , so much the better .
Lovingly faithful to the spirit of Murakami 's novel , capturing the sensual and emotional longing that pervades the original - but also replicating its frustrating story and weak protagonists .
Writer/director Tran Anh Hung seems hamstrung by reverence , as monotony sets in early and does n't lift .
Even if this Haruki Murakami adaptation amounts to a gorgeous but lethargic emo ballad , there 's no denying the stately lyricism of its melancholy .
-LSB- A -RSB- long , elegantly shot , sporadically involving Japanese film .

@highlight

Norwegian Wood is a poetic adaptation of the Haruki Murakami novel that uses rapturous visuals to draw viewers in its exploration of young love and lasting death .