The final result is a predictably off-kilter endeavor from an unapologetically avant-garde filmmaker ...
It is quite a miracle Lanthimos got this film to work . Not because of how leftfield it is , but because of the amount of international input that excels in it .
Greek director/co-writer Yorgos Lanthimos designs a distinctive dystopian world and questions the idea of typical relationships and how couples connect at a surface level .
The Lobster amounts to razor-sharp satire blasting away at the societal norms and constructs of relationships , but a shame that it decides to ditch its hotel setting full of intrigue
The trouble lies in the film 's noncommittal tone , which too often deviates from Lanthimos ' reliable deadpan . Set against the earlier films ' prickliness , The Lobster seems oddly ingratiating .
The Lobster is well-acted and its weird internal logic scrupulously maintained , but as the second half dragged endlessly on , I found its point as elusive as its ending .
I love it , I ca n't guarantee you will all love it , too , but if you 're open to trying a different flavor , The Lobster is definitely worth a shot .
While the first half is full of flavour , the second is unappetisingly bland .
The best parts of The Lobster made me laugh more than any movie in recent memory .
In The Lobster , the bottom-line examination of love gets dressed up and framed in curious ways .
As the architect David , Colin Farrell gives an unexpectedly restrained , brilliantly undemonstrative performance . Supporting actors are also remarkable : Ben Whishaw , John C. Reilly , Rachel Weisz , Olivia Colman and Léa Seydoux .
-LSB- The Lobster -RSB- captures what it feels like to be single .
The Lobster seem funny . But that feeling fades , leaving us with a sense of fatalism but without a larger sense of actual meaning .
I 'd much rather watch a rom-com that reflects the anxieties and concerns of an app-happy , monogamy-wary landscape , even if it 's bleak .
The film is a pitch-black satire about relationships and the unrealistic expectations modern society imposes about how they should work .
The Lobster is not perfect film and there are some holes in the narrative , but then again , it does n't really matter because its heart is intact , and there are so many rich details that one can examine the film through multiple lenses .
The Lobster is very much its own thing . And what a peculiar , exhilarating thing it is .
The Lobster frightens and entertains , saddens and inspirits us-in this case with a final vision of self-sacrifice and devotion that ultimately transcends society 's attempts to commodify and regulate the mystery of love .
Not just Colin Farrell 's best performance , but a film that reminds us what a contrivance marriage and relationships can be when mandated by societal pressures .
A movie that explores the full spectrum of relationships with impeccable wit , delightfully dark humor and insights so sharp they verge on deadly .
The Lobster is the kind of movie that can cure anybody going through a period of messy emotional distress , due to how sharply it satirises the ritualistic natures of relationships and single-life , taking its parody to levels of science-fiction extremity .
The Lobster just loses its charm at a certain point , and nothing interesting or exciting happens with the characters .
This movie is like science fiction , except that in it , human nature is altered in some fundamental ways . If you are a romantic like me , you might find this painful to watch , but cynics might love it . I really hated this movie .
You can see what The Lobster is trying to say so clearly that there 's never that refreshing possibility of misunderstanding or ambiguity , essential for a real work of genius .
The unabashed strangeness of the whole affair will mean only some audiences need apply . For me , this is easily the most original movie of the year , and it 's also one of the best .
The Lobster is not for everybody . But if you 're adventurous and patient , there are ample rewards to be had .
Alas , the movie loses its assurance in the over-extended second half .
Part of the joy of Lanthimos 's film is seeing in it any degree of subtext you like .
Among the recent crop of dystopias , The Lobster is quite possibly unique -- an actors ' workshop exercise that relies almost entirely on dialogue and situations instead of kinetic displays of heroism .
Like -LSB- Lanthimos 's -RSB- other films , The Lobster invents a world all its own .
A movie so unpredictable that you really ca n't be sure where it 's heading .
Lanthimos wrings emotion out of human interaction in ways that are both bizarre and funny .
A delightfully bleak satire set in a dystopian present .
Farrell and Weisz spark off of one another , delivering a convincing and rather touching on-screen partnership .
Hardly less kind in its satiric attack on the basic emotional pillars of human existence than Lanthimos 's last two films , but it adds a veneer of magical realism .
The Lobster wonderfully kick-starts a new year in movies with its breathtaking cinematography , performances , score , and storyline . Although it has a male lead , the film 's story is driven by women .
Lanthimos makes brutal , incisive points to make about the absurdity of coupling in the first place , much less society 's view of what makes a perfect couple .
The experience of inhabiting this otherworld even for two hours is so harrowing and demanding that The Lobster does n't easily relinquish its viewers , especially as its ambiguous ending offers no clean takeaway .
Lanthimos is obviously after bigger game than a black relationship comedy , every detail -LRB- even the most horrifying -RRB- in the movie contributes to what is becoming Lanthimos ' signature tone of heartbreaking hilarity .
`` The Lobster '' peters out about halfway through but regardless , director Lanthimos and co-writer Filippou have constructed a singular and ambitious vision , rich with symbolism and observant commentary about societal pressures to pair up .
Lanthimos invests his absurdist parable with a dark , deadpan humor and an eerie poetry ... .
This is the type of film I 'm going to watch multiple times , obsessing over every choice Lanthimos and his talented team of cinematic craftsmen made in order to see it come to life .
The Lobster is brilliant , but it 's bleak .
A brutal critique of the hell human relationships can be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos may have positioned himself among the world 's great , provocative `` maverick '' filmmakers with this bizarre yet fascinating dystopian nightmare for grown-ups .
The social pressure to be part of a couple is taken to Kafkaesque extremes in this poker-faced absurdist critique of the idea -- typically expressed most enthusiastically in commercial motion pictures -- that a successful , happy life requires a mate .
I just had no appetite for something I found under-cooked and unappealing .
... creates a fascinating world of repression and isolation , and tackles it with a deadpan sense of humor .
This one-of-a-kind film might just be the perfect date movie for people who hate dating .
The film is sort of allegorical , sort of science fiction , sort of philosophical , definitely original , definitely unpredictable and most definitely weird .
There is so much more , but part of the -LRB- perverse -RRB- pleasure of The Lobster is how it keeps you off guard , never lets you feel settled .
A brilliant and methodical consideration of strange cultural standards as they are practiced to the desensitizing peak of lunacy .
Hunger Games . Maze Runner . Divergent . This is how a dystopian movie ought to be made .
Its characters are merely single defining characteristics rather than real people ; they have nothing , and hence nothing to lose . And as for wit -- without that , satire is just meanness .
Claws down , The Lobster is the weirdest movie I 've seen this year .
the viewer is never allowed to feel he/she really understands what is going on . Strange ideas just keep being added to the mix .
It 's a doozy of a satirical premise concocted by Yorgos Lanthimos , who directs and co-wrote the screenplay , that evokes the fundamental absurdity of the very real social pressure to find a mate and proceed along a pre-determined path of existence .
The wildest love story in many a moon .
Farrell and Weisz balance the off-kilter dystopia with vibrant , sexual heat .
Lately , it seems to always come back to John Malkovich .
Lanthimos and his co-writer , Efthymis Filippou , neatly satirize the societal pressures of mating and the difficulties of finding a soulmate , but the movie runs out of ideas long before it runs out of story .
It is a puzzler that rewards . Fans of Kafka will embrace it . The Lobster also has a little of George Orwell 's 1984 and , maybe , behind all the pretense , a hint of good sense . But you 've got to work to get to the good sense .
It raises more questions than it answers during its fairly tedious and ultimately rather pointless two-hour run .
It 's remorseless and pure and unlike anything you 've ever seen before , and it 's now playing near you if you 're adventurous enough to take the plunge .
It 's a movie that latches on to your entertainment soul with a complexity that ca n't be dislodged , for better or worse .
Memorability is something . Maybe it 's even a recommendation .
I have an appreciation for absurdist fare , but The Lobster is an overcooked comedy that loses steam about halfway through the experience .
I was caught up almost immediately in `` The Lobster , '' a movie as prickly and difficult to approach as the title character .
The Lobster argues that the kind of pressure society places on us to find a soulmate can lead to reckless choices . But the movie gives the alternative - people who are happy being single - the same radical treatment .
Director Yorgos Lanthimos challenges society 's demands that we mate - for life .
It is weird , but it is also meaningful , emotional and unexpectedly hilarious . Best of all , it 's a strikingly original film , a precious thing in homogenous Hollywood .
It 's a satire that 's actually biting , and satirical of something not typically satirized . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Strange and surreal , an audacious , absurdist satire - it 's the most bizarre film I 've seen !
What animal would director Lanthimos pick to be changed into ? Would it be The Skunk ?
The Lobster is being marketed as a comedy , and it is frequently funny , but only in the way A Clockwork Orange is frequently funny . Go and have a laugh , for sure , but do n't be shocked when the claws come out .
There is much about this film that I love , and yet I ca n't embrace it fully . But I adore how Lanthimos creates a kind of ominous oppressiveness combined with a goofy absurdism .
`` The Lobster '' is a wild , fun , occasionally mean-spirited satire of the rituals and humiliations of modern dating . But it asks uncomfortable questions of us . It 's the best movie I 've seen so far this year .
Lanthimos does n't deliver all the way , but he sticks his landing mightily and whets appetites for whatever he decides to do next .
If you 're open to embracing a film that declines to pander to expectations , you should definitely make a date with `` The Lobster . ''
A darkly absurdist comedy with a surprising strain of tenderness beneath its edgy surface .
The sort of movie that makes you consider what the filmmaker is saying , as well as what the movie is actually about .
Lanthimos forgoes easy sentiments about the transformative power of love ; this may turn off some viewers , but there 's a certain liberation and even some relief in knowing that societal pressure to settle down can be just as cruel as loneliness .
Highly original and mordantly funny . Perfect for fans of Franz Kafka , Charlie Kaufman and other bleak surrealists .
Lanthimos 's unsettling tour de force reminds us of how chained to coupledom dignity remains at both the private and public level .
` The Lobster ' is a different species of movie ; one that takes great pains to create a world you may be hesitant to visit - but one you will definitely be happy to leave .
Interesting concept , but this vision of the future mostly involves Farrell , John C. Reilly , Rachel Weisz and the rest of cast lurching through their lines in a dull , passionless monotone .
The Lobster is what would happen if Wes Anderson set about doing Franz Kafka , with a hefty dash of George Orwell thrown into the mix : surreal , comic , sad , strange , beautiful , sublime .
Investigates the nature of our need for a partner -LRB- who else will apply that pain-relief cream to the small of your back ? -RRB- , how we cling to superficial similarities to justify our matches , and our denial , at our peril , of our animal nature .
The best romantic satire since Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind .
If we 've come to idolize marriage in contemporary Western society , The Lobster has come to desecrate it .
Humor in the Craziness of the Situations
It 's a murky soup of commentary and ideas about modern love and loneliness presented in the most unsettling and imaginative way .
By the 60-minute mark Lathimos ' bag of tricks is empty , kickstarting a long slide into tedium that sinks a project that should have sung .
Farrell absolutely kills it as David . Weisz gives one of her best performances since her Oscar-winning turn in The Constant Gardener .
-LSB- Lanthimos ' -RSB- commitment to his high-concept tragicomedies is extraordinary .
Loneliness is all-encompassing and human desperation can be disturbing : We 've seen these ideas before . It just so happens that The Lobster lets them play out in the weirdest cinematic thought experiment imaginable .
This is proof that you can be uniquely offbeat and utterly boring and nonsensical , too .
Farrell makes a convincing sad sack regaining his romantic pulse . Weisz is radiant as , depending on how you see her character , a triumphant or a tragic heroine . Take a chance and go with this one .
-LSB- A -RSB- n anti-romance that presents two , extreme ways of living as a means of dissecting the concept of love , tossing its organs on the floor , and then stomping on the carcass .
The Lobster is an incredibly weird movie , but its heart is totally on its sleeve and in the right place .
Lanthimos works the premise assiduously , especially after the Farrell character escapes and joins a band of rebel singles in the woods , and though the story slows to a crawl near the end , the poker-faced dramatization of a warped world is compelling .
It takes a touch of audacity and madness to make a film like this , a screwball , absurdist tragedy that might be a little too long and contrived for some viewers ' taste .
Lanthimos and Filippou keep the audience guessing about their ultimate ends right up to the final shot , and beyond .
The movie is worthwhile , thanks to a marriage of peculiar humor and thought-provoking content .
This kind of art is not on many people 's wavelength , but those who connect to it will remember it 20 , 30 , 40 years later .
Everyone 's excellent in `` The Lobster , '' and the suffocatingly bland settings brake just short of monumental claustrophobia .
People say this kind of thing all the time - I 'm pretty sure I have a time or two - but `` The Lobster '' is unlike any movie you 've ever seen .
The Lobster packs a wicked punch , eviscerating modern romance in surprising and evocative ways .
While it starts out as a sharp satire on the horrors of dating , The Lobster stretches so far into absurdity that its various eccentricities overshadow the point it 's trying to make .
Whatever its merits or intellectual pretensions , I am looking forward to never seeing it again .
If you can live with its blemishes , `` The Lobster '' is a bracing experience .
Perhaps nearly two hours of this world is more than necessary , but the themes and emotions presented in `` The Lobster '' are deeply felt , even when articulated by blank faces .
An uproarious yet deadpan satire concerning societal constructs , dating mores and power structures that also manages to be a surprisingly moving , gloriously weird love story .
Weird , confounding , amusing but perplexing - those are all words which spring to mind when trying to describe The Lobster .
-LSB- A -RSB- seriously funny horror-comedy .
Deadpan allegory without a single straight answer ... Lanthimos remains one of world cinema 's prime proponents of The Weird ... The moments of tenderness and weirdness are the movie 's highest , most Buñuelesque highs .
The Lobster 's delightfully original , disturbing and peculiar opening hour just about makes up for the fact that its second half is disappointingly dull .
The Lobster is a divinely weird satire of romantic conformity from Greek filmmaker Yorgos Lanthimos . It 's a recipe that 's as weird as it is tragic , as philosophically sabre sharp as it is hilarious ; this is a film that deserves your time .
... it plays cleverly with the compatibility assumptions behind , say , singles groups and online dating sites .
Its tone of deadpan absurdism never really develops into anything truly subversive or visionary . It 's a weirdo , sub-J.G. Ballard conceit : J.G. Ballard for Dummies .
director Yorgos Lanthimos made an art house splash in 2010 with his black comedy `` Dogtooth . '' While his latest is still dark in its outlook , it 's also more laugh-out-loud funny , it 's witty absurdism complemented by its deadpan acting .
A wild , sad , mordantly funny dystopia that gives sexual desperation the bad name it deserves .
Lanthimos takes our intrinsic desire for companionship , filters it through a funhouse mirror , and reflects it back to us brilliantly .
This festival favorite becomes a sometimes scary , if darkly humorous take on the future -LRB- maybe -RRB- in the hands of absurdist director Yorgos Lanthimos .
Yorgos Lanthimos has made a film that 's disturbingly hilarious , and perhaps even surpasses the benchmarks for discomfort he set with 2010 's Oscar-nominated Dogtooth .
While extremely funny , it is a bitter and ruthless film . Lanthimos plays target practice and his aim is deadly .
This is not a movie like too many others . Or any , in fact .
`` The Lobster '' is very much its own brand of horror movie , as well as a deranged thought experiment , a stealth love story , and a witty dismantling of the usual barriers separating man from beast .
A boldly imaginative Kafka-esque parable , `` The Lobster '' is loaded with dazzling ideas that do n't ultimately pull together .
Lanthimos 's terrifically twisted satire takes us places most films fear to tread . The symbolism is humanized by a top-flight cast and an ending that manages to be brutal and rapturously romantic at the same time .
In its own , surreal way , it says something about modern society . Who has n't felt pressured by parents to pair off ? Or by single friends to stay unattached ?
The Lobster is a droll piece of work lashed with grim humor . For every moment that makes you laugh , there may be another that leaves you with your mouth hanging open .
It 's life viewed at its most pessimistic , not just to get us down but to force us , like the best absurdist works , to reexamine what we take for granted .
The existential rabbit-hole plot of The Lobster could n't be more bonkers . The premise should n't work at all , but it does ... and beautifully .
Almost before you know it , The Lobster has morphed into a parable about sacrifice in the name of love-all without dialing back the brutal absurdism one bit .
This movie is crazypants , but , man , it is my kind of crazy .
Mr. Farrell , a habitual over-actor , is especially affecting because you can sense his effort to restrain himself . Rachel Weisz ... is perfectly cast as the only person in this world with the normal capacities for warmth , empathy and desire .
All of this could only have come from the warped imagination of Greek filmmaker Yorgos Lanthimos , here making his singularly strange English-language debut .
A cynical sci-fi comedy about life 's most clichéd script : pair off or perish . That 's been the formula since the first primeval fish , and every living thing since has been a sequel .
-LSB- The film -RSB- grandiosely aims to be a dark comedy reflection of our rigid world , but it is so dark that nothing can be truly gleaned beyond its own satisfied cleverness .
-LSB- CANNES 2015 -RSB- This lobster is a dog .
The Lobster is Lanthimos 's first English-language film - Kinetta , Dogtooth , and Alps were all in his native Greek - but no aspect of his sensibility has been lost in translation .
Imaginatively designed but also intellectually bracing , `` The Lobster '' boasts a nervous unease that pulses throughout the film , lending the story an endless tension and unpredictability . We never have any idea where Lanthimos is going next .
Darkly funny , it 's a perfect example of world-building . ... Set in a dystopian near future , it 's the ultimate Bridget Jones nightmare : singletons are being singled out .
The English-language debut of Greek director Yorgos Lanthimos is built on a terrific premise , but some cracks appear in the foundation by the final act .
A sad , warm and genuinely touching story about ... how hard it is to form a deep relationship in a society that values artificiality .
`` The Lobster '' is more than a satire on the dating game . It digs deeper , needling at the status of our most tender emotions .
The picture 's surrealism requires an attentive and particular audience which will find rewards therein .
A film that does n't take itself too seriously but it has a lot of great moments thanks to its highly stylish tone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This viewer appreciated ` The Lobster `` s willingness to take this premise all the way , without pulling any punches .
Lanthimos ' films are so laced with cruelty and despair that it can be easy to forget how fascinating and funny they are .
Even though The Lobster is full of dark humor , you wo n't see the characters winking at the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Clever and transgressive , sophisticated and intriguing , the film is a brilliant reflection on what society expects of individuals as members of a couple and the stupidity of dogmatism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like every great film it 's perfectly written and it does n't adhere itself to the conventions of the genre rising above the plot and development . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Colin Farrell is formidable in this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Lobster , like the crustacean itself , is delivered in segments .
An original film , outstanding , a success . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Lobster is a brilliant piece of satire , but largely fails in an attempt to build its wicked wit into a more conventional romance .
For this viewer the whole thing ran out of steam halfway through . A general flat affect , mirrored in visuals and performance , eventually stopped being funny .
Bone-dry dystopian satire , with Lanthimos piling absurdity upon absurdity , results in a film that is by turns entertaining and baffling , but also fully in command of its crazy world .
Pitched somewhere between Luis Bunuel and Larry David , Lanthimos combines small behavioural comedy and twisted surrealism with darkly cynical edge .
In this half-mythical , half-surrealistic portrait of an innocent Everyman 's confrontation with a cold-blooded system , Lanthimos achieves a level of audience identification that his previous films had failed to bring about .
A film worthy of being seen -LRB- again and again -RRB- for tenderize and view with concern the way that our relations have been taking over the years . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A narrative shapeshifter that gleefully toys with its audience 's perception of love and themselves .
In the end , The Lobster is one of the most bizarre -LRB- and therefore original -RRB- love stories ever told in cinema , exploring deep into human psyche . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The Lobster is a refreshingly outstanding film in its simultaneous originality and familiarity .
Lanthimos again exhibits his aptitude for creating insular , ruthlessly regimented microcosms through which to unleash his scathing satire .
The gag may ultimately wear thin , but it 's a hoot while it lasts .
To call the film weird would be an understatement , but it 's the strange , surreal world and the little details that make it even stranger that are the film 's best asset .
In a way , you could say THE LOBSTER is like a Woody Allen film if Woody did huge amounts of hallucinogenic drugs all through the scripting phase and principal photography .
Lanthimos trumps the outlandish premise and turns the film into accessible and timeless reverie . It 's a spark of ingenuity that does n't rely on subversions or meta humor . Just originality .
Though many elements are undeniably comedic , The Lobster belongs first and foremost to the horror genre ; a fact all the more impressive considering it never seeks to deliberately scare its audience
All so weird , intriguing and occasionally amusing . Unfortunately , director Yorgos Lanthimos tries to claw out too many ideas leading The Lobster to drift and go off the boil .
An rare movie that some will enjoy with passion , but general audiences might find it too weird . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Easily one of the films of the year .
As expected with Lanthimos , The Lobster is utterly bizarre ... it 's the director 's first film in English , yet also his first to show shades of human side , even as it concludes that we humans are an exceptionally silly and sad little species .
-LSB- Lanthimos -RSB- takes his sweet time in unveiling the full breadth of his film 's alternate reality and its governing laws , and the world we are introduced to looks very much like our own in the present day .
Throwing a solid Hollywood cast into a surreal arthouse satire , acclaimed Greek filmmaker Yorgos Lanthimos -LRB- Dogtooth -RRB- makes his English-language debut with a bang .
When it chooses to be -- which , thankfully , is often -- the film is so funny as to induce tears . Then , on a dime , it 's appallingly sad again .
It 's all pretty deadpan and frequently very funny - punctuated , as is Lanthimos ' wont , with brutal violence towards animals
The central issue is the inevitable paradox where you ca n't meet someone when you 're lonely , which is when you most want to meet someone .
The dry wit and pervasively odd sensibility of The Lobster make it very worth cozying up to .
A movie that seems kind and inoffensive ... but that will destroy and change your life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In this movie , Lanthimos shows himself as a seasoned director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ultimately , The Lobster is fascinating , funny , but a little under-cooked .
An overlong mess .
The Lobster easily gets you involved in it 's own universe to tell a story about forbiden love and a man 's struggle to overcome the obstacles he has to face because of it - all of this accompanied by slow and dry humor - . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very well executed scary comedy , supported by cold performances and lead by a splendid Colin Farell . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very peculiar love story about love , jealousy and control , sacrifice and selfishness , where there 's little room for a positive side of anything . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There 's a wealth of bleak comedy in all of this but , having carefully laid out his thesis , Lanthimos does n't know where to take it or what he really thinks about it .
-LSB- Lanthimos ' -RSB- vision remains intact , his humour as dry and at times unfathomable as ever . He is a true original .
It 's certainly one of most original films of the year , although not one of the most consistent ... Lanthimos and his co-writer Efthymis Filippou give us a fascinating set of questions , but they do not feel the need to answer them .
For all the absurdity at play , the genius of The Lobster is its depiction of a society and world view that 's unsettlingly not all that unfamiliar .
The Lobster is a bit of everything . At times it 's hilarious , especially in its first half-hour or so , sometimes it 's deeply disturbing and occasionally thought-provoking .
Lanthimos is an acquired taste ... This is an accessible , fun and occasionally frustrating entry into his body of work .
A brilliantly funny horror film about dating .
It all gets a bit lost in the woods , but there 's enough finely honed madness in the corridors of the hotel to cover the price of a room .
The sheer verve of the filmmakers earned them the Jury Prize at Cannes , where unique and risky filmmaking is rewarded ahead of commercially satisfying fare
Yorgos Lanthimos 's black comedy is entirely strange and a head-scratcher but its core message is certainly relatable to a large demographic .
The Lobster is a European arthouse film par excellence - precisely the kind of project you ca n't imagine ever being made in Hollywood .
It may seem like ludicrous nonsense on the surface , but what it has to say about love , fidelity and dependency is more revealing than anything Farrell wears under his kecks .
Superficially sharp but easily overcooked and with not quite enough meat to be entirely satisfying .
A film set in an alternate reality must take time to establish the rules of its particular fiction , and most of the joys of The Lobster arise from these early scenes .
Freaky-deakies need love too .
Appreciation for the sheer conceptual confidence of the film gathers momentum once you think back over it .
Inordinately strange and tiresomely glum , but in spots hideously funny .
This is cinema in quotemarks , tongue-in-cheek storytelling that uses absurdity to hold a mirror to how we live and love .
Seu senso de humor absurdo constantemente surpreende o público .
Lanthimos ' ability to combine arch humour and outbursts of shocking violence is as potent as ever .
Yorgos Lanthimos ' The Lobster is maybe the most romantic movie of the year . Or maybe it 's the most depressing . Or perhaps it 's the most funny . Actually , it 's all of those things .
Yorgos Lanthimos ' The Lobster is maybe the most romantic movie of the year .
It took some time to digest but `` The Lobster '' feels full of life and is a soulful opus on love . Quirky and clever , its black comic tones should n't distract from its core narrative and mission ; to engage the parimeters and infatuation of devotion .
The near-surgical precision with which Yorgos Lanthimos approaches the most surreal of conceits turns out to be a double-edged sword .
It 's an idea with delicious social parallels ripe to be explored and , for the first half at least , that 's exactly what you get .
Lanthimos presents a fully formed original vision that hits a perfect tone even when the narrative begins to get away from him a bit .
Richly rewarding but often very disturbing .
Acclaimed Greek auteur Lanthimos 's English language debut is a smart , funny and disturbing allegory about the absurdity of rigid societal norms .
A poisonously effective work from an utterly singular director . You walk out feeling ever so slightly changed by it . There are few higher compliments .
A biting and idiosyncratic combination of romance , comedy , and body horror , The Lobster is one wonderful , oddball chimera of a movie .
Savagely funny and ultimately tragic .
Lanthimos has a gift for making imagined social conventions plausible and even logical , and in doing so he exposes -- in often brutal , mordantly funny fashion -- the arbitrariness of our own .
Beyond the cruel deadpan humour and icy , muted visuals is a thoughtful romantic tale set in a world where people are forbidden from marching to the beat of their own drum . The Lobster is a defiantly oddball take on the classic dystopian-future narrative .
It 's a wondrously silly premise , and one that Lanthimos executes with rigorous illogic and immaculate formal control .
The Lobster is as weird and wonderful as it sounds and will make you think twice before asking the dreaded question , ` Are you still single ? '
Filippou 's script takes on a defiant , prickly life of its own , refusing to play as an easy allegory : this is no linear emotional journey dressed in dystopian clothes in the style of Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind .
Yorgos Lanthimos ' first English-language feature is a wickedly funny , unexpectedly moving satire of couple-fixated society .
There ... dozens of astonishing and strange and funny moments of the sort that only Lanthimos can conjure .

@highlight

As strange as it is thrillingly ambitious , The Lobster is definitely an acquired taste -- but for viewers with the fortitude to crack through Yorgos Lanthimos ' offbeat sensibilities , it should prove a savory cinematic treat .