How bad is this Zac attack ? Well , let 's just say I 'm convinced director Scott Hicks opted to render his buff-and-scruffy star the strong , silent type just to keep Efron from opening his mouth .
Falling victim to his source material , Hicks fails to invest it with any sort of edge , rendering the cinematic version as mawkish and saccharine as Sparks ' bloated prose .
Even within the company of recent Sparks releases like this year 's ` The Vow ' , ` The Lucky One ' comes across as a two-dimensional cartoon masquerading as heartfelt human interaction .
A pretty to look at but emotionally void film that does no favours for its otherwise lovely lead actors .
The movie follows the Sparks formula so precisely , you could write out every detail of the plot just from watching the trailer .
If you 're after a high-quality weepie , this superbly crafted romantic melodrama from director Scott Hicks -LRB- Shine ; The Boys Are Back -RRB- and novelist Nicholas Sparks -LRB- The Notebook ; Dear John -RRB- will drain your tear ducts .
If you are inclined to say , ` they had me at Zac Efron ' then the hunky actor and his scene-stealing boxer briefs will likely make any logic in this screenplay superfluous .
There is not one real , natural , or genuine second in this movie . It 's a standard , stock romance that felt more like the filmmakers were completing a checklist of `` romantic drama '' story cliches , than telling an actual story
Unfortunately , this film will only appeal to those on date night or diehard Sparks fans .
Clearly , weepie king Sparks is scraping for angsty love story scenarios .
There 's a thin line between the exploration of grief and its exploitation that this film crosses .
All of this -LSB- plot -RSB- serves as justification for the movie 's true purpose , which is to show two gorgeous-looking actors , Efron and Schilling , in artfully photographed and tasteful PG-13 sex scenes .
Old-fashioned romance to the core , Hicks ' film will win no film-making accolades , but will do neither of its attractive leads any harm in the notoriety stakes either .
It 's all very contrived and sentimental and could easily be unbearably slushy , but director Scott Hicks just about keeps the schmaltz in check .
After this performance no further evidence is needed of Efron 's ability to do vulnerability and puppy love - we 're ready now to see whether he can show any bite .
Hicks coats everything in a treacly glow that suffocates any sign of life , least of all from the cast .
It is dispiriting to see Efron fall prey to the most dangerous rival of artistic expression facing young actors today : the Nicholas Sparks adaptation .
Flicks do n't come chickier than this .
A tsunami of syrup and a Niagara of nonsense here in this mind-blowingly ridiculous romdram ...
Zac Efron is Tom Cruise-lite . Beyond the blue eyes and man-scaped stubble , you are left with an actor who simply pauses on screen when he is not speaking .
-LSB- Efron -RSB- sells it almost single-handedly through sheer force of scrumminess .
This is romance by numbers and though not execrable , it 's a movie for a wet Friday afternoon on the telly .
Mindless , pretty twaddle just made bearable by an enthusiastic cast -LRB- Efron in particular is strangely sympathetic -RRB- and an absolutely gorgeous setting .
An averagely entertaining and heavily clichéd romantic drama that stays the right side of watchable thanks to strong performances from Efron , Schilling and a scene-stealing Blythe Danner .
Romance is n't dead , but films like this are giving it a bad name .
If you 're plugged into Sparks , you 're in luck . Others are advised to bring a good book .
Even taken as simple schmaltz , ` The Lucky One ' lacks the romantic impact of the adaptation of Sparks 's ` The Notebook ' or even the Channing Tatum-starrer ` Dear John ' .
A through-and-through weepie that 's unlikely to convert any Sparks naysayers . The darker hues of its war-based story nonetheless make the sugary excesses easier to swallow .
In the end , you can only whistle admiringly at the shameless way this film doles out its clichés and conventions ...
The Notebook may have had us blubbing but since then Nicholas Sparks adaptions have offered thin pickings for cinemagoers . For all Efron 's boyish charms , this one could be the most ordinary of the lot .
Efron 's kind of handsome is more pretty than rugged . Do n't worry . The geniuses behind ` The Lucky One ' know how to solve that problem . He 's got scruff .
What we have here , readers , is a middleweight Sparks movie fit to stand toe-to-toe with Nights in Rodanthe and The Last Song .
A series of montages set to treacly light rock , loosely united by meandering dialogue scenes .
If you like movies that portray , cheesy , perfect romance between perfect and beautiful people , this is for you .
Zac Efron is stuck in no man 's land between boy and man . This movie needed a strong male lead and he did n't deliver - not that his hordes of fans will care .
You can sense that the more than competent director , Scott Hicks -LRB- the Oscar winning Shine -RRB- , was trying to cut through the schmaltz and give it a little edge .
Move along , guys . Nothing to see in The Lucky One , unless you 're in the doghouse at home and need to make nice . The movie is n't even in 3-D . How else do you expect real men to see two mushy hearts beating as one ?
The Lucky One is so dismal , so off-kilter , so nonsensical that even the ever-ready charms of Zac Efron can not redeem it in the slightest .
... the most disappointing Sparks adaptation since 2002 's A Walk to Remember ...
Exactly the kind of sappy hogwash that Efron 's detractors think is the only thing he 's capable of doing .
As with its gooey , smoochy Nicholas Sparks predecessors , The Lucky One is , beneath it all , a fairy-tale romance , just one with modern trappings .
A terrible movie through and through , featuring nonsensical plot elements , made-up legal entanglements and turns of coincidence that would make the writers of Scooby Doo blush
More time needed to be spent exploring these characters as opposed to showing us picturesque landscapes to the backdrop of songs preaching about love and sunshine .
... the latest big-screen Sparks adaptation to place aggressive tear-jerking as a priority over dramatic integrity .
With zero chemistry and laden with cliches , The Lucky One wo n't leave audiences feeling lucky to have spent two hours of their lives taking in a screening .
Sappy and sentimental , melting like a gooey marshmallow melodrama .
Zac Efron and Nicholas Sparks team up to complete a paint-by-numbers .
Efron is effortless as the wounded soul , Logan . He 's almost a little too perfect . I mean really -- who is that good looking , patient , understanding and plays the piano ?
The movie is manipulative , sentimental and totally predictable . Yet it works beautifully , primarily due to the fine performances of Efron and his leading lady , Taylor Schilling .
The most frustrating thing is that The Lucky One is the kind of movie in which the lead character has to be an idiot in order for the story to progress .
As long as Efron 's shirt comes off , he could play an accountant and no one in the target audience would care .
I wo n't elaborate on the plot points . I 'll just say that I could have done without the melodramatic elements that punctuate the film and underscore its climax .
Never let it be said that Nicholas Sparks does n't prefer easy fake greeting-card melodrama instead of something that looks more like complicated reality .
Sweet but formulaic love story OK for teen romantics .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Compared to a great author like John Irving , Nicholas Sparks is an example of everything wrong in contemporary American literature .
Well-acted schmaltz with some gaping plot holes .
All the sentiment and staying power of a greeting card .
This is guy repellent turf . You 'll likely want to let her do this one alone . And she ought to think twice .
Wondering who , exactly , is The Lucky One ? If , due to any combination of will , intuition or sheer ignorance , you circumvent this film then you , dear reader , are indeed the lucky one . And I am inordinately jealous ...
There 's not much to the movie besides handsome sets , sun-dappled photography and a plot as predictable as the verse in a Hallmark card .
Another story of two people thrown together to somehow display that they are soul mates , but all it did was make me dislike these movies even more .
Melodramatic comfort food for the Lifetime Channel crowd -LRB- Full Content Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
-LSB- Hicks -RSB- hits the beats - lonely woman , hunky stranger - without bothering to develop even the slightest depth .
Efron is surprisingly up to the task of conveying this humanity . His performance is powerful and contained . He is often silent and yet he still communicates .
The overheated eroticism could have at least made for a camp classic , but the film 's chilling narcissism ultimately makes for a pleasureless fantasy .
I 'm beginning to think writer Nicholas Sparks is n't one person at all , but a roomful of ladies doing Harlequin-romance Mad Libs .
A sudsy romantic melodrama that in the 1950s would have been directed with lurid overkill by the likes of Douglas Sirk .
Another Nicholas Sparks novel , another cinematic brush with insulin shock .
Hardcore romance fans may enjoy parts of this . It 's watchable , but overall , it 's disappointing .
A lazy -LRB- in all ways -RRB- Nicholas Sparks romance that 's as pretty and vacant as its hero .
If only the movies based on Nicholas Sparks ' novels did n't take themselves so seriously . If only they had a sense of their soapiness , and embraced their naked emotional absurdity .
For all its soap-opera psychodrama , The Lucky One is pretty boilerplate stuff , with barely a smidgeon of surprise and a foregone conclusion .
The film is at least good-natured and occasionally charming , less flagrantly offensive than many recent tear-jerkers . Yes , I am damning with faint praise .
... no amount of technical gloss can extract the sap nor divert from the utter predictability of a Sparks ' story .
It 's easy to get lucky when you look like Zac Efron .
Actually sillier and more unbelievable than `` The Vow , '' if such a thing is even conceivable
If those guys who make all those Scary Movie-style parodies ever tried to make fun of Nicholas Sparks books , you 'd hardly be able to tell their mockeries from the originals .
This is a paint-by-numbers romance without a trace of subtlety , wit or sophistication .
Logan 's opening voice-over describes how fate can throw one 's life off-course , but nothing about the film that follows strays from Sparks ' well-established tear-jerking formula ...
The two romantic leads want so badly to be together but are kept apart by , well , nothing , really .
Nicholas Sparks destroys everything .
... a big serving of buttery sentimentality , splashed with drops of romance and thrift store spirituality .
So hopelessly plodding and bland that an extra helping of fatalities could have only broken the monotony .
Too bad the story lets the young stars down , relying way too much on the villainy of a small-town bully and enough miscommunication for a whole season of Three 's Company .
I suppose that 's what all the lovemaking and partial nudity is for in these films , to distract from the obvious flaws in the writing .
Plays like a straight-faced parody of everything you 'd expect from a -LSB- Nicholas -RSB- Sparks adaptation . Or a prototypical version of what people mean when they say they hate ` chick flicks . '
Director Scott Hicks pours enough syrup over this movie to cover all the pancakes IHOP can serve in a month .
Another heaping helping of middlebrow mush from Nicholas Sparks , the modern-day version of Fannie Hurst .
You get just what you 'd expect from this Nicolas Sparks romance - good-looking people , ever so soft lighting , and music just tender enough to stir your soul while you watch the inevitability of soul mates finding true love .
The Sparks-styled romance has almost become its own movie genre - predictable , pure of heart , sentimental and never straying from the boy-meets-girl basics , or the surface , for that matter - and in that `` The Lucky One '' delivers .
When the film tries to inject anything resembling high drama , it gets dumb in a hurry .
The lucky ones will be those who give this a wide berth .
Another excessive melodrama based on a novel by Nicholas Sparks .
Unable as I am to locate any feelings about him , I see Mr. Efron as a hunk with a problem delivering sustained dialogue in units of more than one or two sentences .
A drama with little conflict aside from an easily swept-aside threat for sole custody and little energy expended by the participants .
The cliches are as thick as a vat of honey . And the love story proves just as syrupy .
The Lucky One does n't have a genuine emotion in it or a plausible reason to endure it . It 's strictly for the sisters of the cult of Sparks and the men who love them .
Efron and Schilling simply look like two pretty people who are bound to get together because they both have the big blue eyes of a porcelain doll .
The latest screen adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks romance in which fate , destiny , and sage cliches whirl together in a sugar crash of meaningful moments and tasteful eroticism .
Seeing -LSB- Schilling -RSB- and Efron fumble at each other is like watching a stick of butter and a bag of flour not turn into a cake .
How can bestselling author Nicholas Sparks , the Thomas Kinkade of the paperback novel , keep churning out sluggish melodramas that lose not one ounce of sap on the trip to the big screen ?
Despite a plot hole so big it could generate its own gravity field , it 's still not a bad movie .
Efron acquits himself reasonably well . Is he sexy enough to make credible a scene where Beth seems to have an orgasm while washing dishes and watching him lift bags of dog food ? Maybe not , but , honestly , who could ?
In `` The Lucky One , '' an occasionally shirtless Zac Efron lifts heavy things , plays the piano , reads `` Moby Dick , '' bonds with a small child and fixes a tractor . Puppies lick his face .
The immense success of Nicholas Sparks ' novels means he must be doing something right , but it sure seems like he is telling the same story over and over again .
Will those who are n't inclined to appreciate a familiar romantic fantasy change their minds about this one ? No . But if that concept is up your -LRB- carefully lit , dreamy -RRB- alley , then you may be the lucky one .
Has a dynamite premise which , sadly , it only sticks to in the first ten and last five minutes of the movie .
Who knew that PTSD is the secret to an ideal boyfriend ?
... a product that 's rolled off the Nicholas Sparks assembly line with every ridiculous plot contortion hard-welded into the structure .
Certainly no NOTEBOOK .
The problem with The Lucky One is n't the material 's familiarity ; it 's its lifelessness .
The film 's slow , relentless emotional manipulation eventually becomes insufferable to anyone who has n't already bought into Nicholas Sparks ' soapy formula .
The sun breaks through the clouds , you smile through your tears , and your cynicism - even the tiny voice in your head crying out , `` Wait , none of this makes any sense ! '' - is silenced by sweet music and swelling sentiment .
The emotions are flat , predictable and forced when they ought to be romantic .
Neither pulses with longing nor justifies putting a child in danger for emotional pull .
Zac Efron is n't a bad actor , but this kind of sappy movie will do nothing to build his credibility .
`` The Lucky One '' left me stone cold .
The seventh and latest Sparks project to hit the screen , and the sixth one likely to elicit the response `` Well , it 's no ` Notebook . ' ''
When extraordinary coincidences drive a story just because no other elements step up to get the job done , it 's hard not to feel jerked around .
If you 've ever liked a Nicholas Sparks movie , you 're likely to enjoy this one .
Scarcely enough substance to pad out a short poem , let alone a feature film .
You can roll your eyes , or you can give in .
A by-the-numbers romance , this momentarily interesting picture is very much of the Nicholas Sparks brand .
The luck runs out for novelist Sparks in dreary , soulless adaptation .
The trouble with the movie is n't that it 's too girly-swoony ; it 's that it tries to achieve emotion through glowy sunsets and a paint-by-numbers script .
Logan and Beth 's relationship feels dull and perfunctory , and Efron 's attempts at playing post-traumatic stress disorder are laughable .
`` The Lucky One '' is the edgiest-ever film adaptation of the writings of Nicholas Sparks . Which is n't saying much .
The central love story is well-constructed for what it is ; it offers the requisite amount of fantasy with just a miniscule dollop of realism . It 's escapism for women and an adequate date flick . Or , to be more succinct , it 's a Nicholas Sparks movie .
There 's no dramatic or visual scheme here , just random camera angles tossed and mixed .
The trouble with destiny is that it leaves no room for surprise ; ditto this safe midseason romancer .
Like its performers , The Lucky One is n't bad , so much as achingly banal , the sort of instantly consumable and forgettable factory-produced love story that leaves you with no impression whatsoever .
At this point , Sparksian romances unfold via their own preordained formula , and measures of their merits largely hinge on how well each can bend the cookie-cutter .
No amount of neck nuzzling or back arching can make us believe there 's real heat rising between these two .
with his page-to-screen romantic melodramas , Sparks is author and auteur , reworking same ideas of fate and love , but it 's Zac Efron , more physically mature and confident as actor , and Taylor Schilling who will attract the target audience .
Zac Efron 's performance is a break-out moment - the announcement that a teen dream has made the transition to adult dramatic actor .
Nothing can prevent this from being an empty , shallow experience for those unlucky enough to see it .
Another pat , paint-by-numbers masterpiece by Nicholas Sparks , the undisputed king of the syrupy soap opera .
Sparks 's books are more Mills & Boon than The Deer Hunter , with his characters little more than mere sketches . Only the women even vaguely register dramatically here .
Unashamedly a chick flick , The Lucky One can be a trifle irritating with its characters ' actions , but it 's all in the service of delivering a romantic story couched in highly romanticised cinematic terms
The setting may be tranquil , but the underlying emotions expressed in Nicholas Sparks ' novel are anything but , with complex themes involving relationships , passions and unresolved issues
The Lucky One features all of the usual Sparks hallmarks yet is played out at a steady pace where its tender love story flourishes to make for engaging , albeit sappy viewing .

@highlight

While it provides the requisite amount of escapist melodrama , The Lucky One ultimately relies on too many schmaltzy clichés to appeal to anyone not already familiar with the Nicholas Sparks formula .