-LSB- A -RSB- disconnect between content and intent characterizes the entirety of his film .
As a history lesson in digest form , it 's eminently valuable for cracking Rumsfeld 's cheshire grin without employing unsound interrogation methods .
He poses simple questions and lets them talk , and talk , and talk . In doing so , he gives them enough rope to hang themselves .
Frustrating and fascinating .
Delights in exploring sophistry and fine distinctions of language .
It 's about how human beings make horrific mistakes sometimes without ever understanding why ... and without ever once thinking they did .
Part political portrait , part Iraq war post-mortem , part interrogation , it 's a fascinating look at a man who -- like it or not -- will go down in history .
This documentary interview with Bush-era insider Donald Rumsfeld is like a horror movie with a calm sociopath at its center .
It is , by definition , nonfiction , but at times suggests a horror movie .
Part investigation , part inquisition and all around fascinating experiment into trying to dig underneath a deeply buried stone wall of charismatic defiance .
The Unknown Known does n't paint Rumsfeld into the Shakespearean archetype that Morris intended ; instead he toed the company line . This documentary has Rumsfeld winning on points .
Not even Errol Morris ' infamous Interrotron - a camera-rig that gazes right into the subject 's freaking soul - can pierce an unyielding Donald Rumsfeld in The Unknown Known .
The Unknown Known is like being stuck in a swamp .
Morris is admirably evenhanded , never demonizing his subject , but giving him enough rope to hang himself . Rumsfeld , cool and bemused , refuses to knot the noose .
Morris 's commentary comes in the form of stunning images ... and a truly beautiful score ... The Unknown Known is revealing , but what it reveals is emptiness .
-LSB- A -RSB- scary inquiry .
Donald Rumsfeld and Errol Morris live on opposite sides of the screen
By now the director 's technique is so savvy , so confident in its visual layering and atmospheric assurance , even a dodgy , cagey camera subject such as Rumsfeld becomes movieworthy .
Morris has questions , Rumsfeld has quibbles , and most of what he gets from the man are those infernal little grins that someone must have told him in his youth were very , very cute . He seems to think that he 's impish , a mere scamp .
The picture amounts to one grand show of self-incrimination .
`` It 's really more of a very minor TV broadcast , both because of its lack of substance but also because of its cinematic obviousness . ''
I hoped the film was a front for a citizen 's arrest : Donald Rumsfeld shipped off to the Hague . Still , the movie is as insanely entertaining as a Mad Hatter 's tea party .
Morris does n't `` break '' Rumsfeld , as some think he did McNamara . He has held a mirror up to the man , and found no reflection . The viewer simply has to realize that what 's important is what 's not there .
What emerges is a fascinating portrait of a bygone approach to power , marked by a seemingly contradictory mix of transparency and obfuscation . Rumsfeld embodies that discrepancy .
There is no ... introspection in Rumsfeld - only the same snarky double-talk that he displayed during his tenure in the George W. Bush administration .
Rumsfeld seems to suggest that any pre-emptive strike can be justified , if we have the ` imagination ' to envision future history as a succession of Worst Case Scenarios , enacted by America 's enemies .
... it becomes apparent that Rumsfeld is a situational pragmatist with a remarkable ability to craft responses that seek to transpose evasiveness into authority .
Just to get this man to sit down gives incredible insight into how a person whose influence on global affairs has been enormous actually works .
A portrait of a wartime leader determined to avoid , at any cost , an honest perspective .
What emerges from The Unknown Known is a fascinating portrait of a logical mind tasked with managing one of the messiest realms of human interaction : international conflict .
A fascinating and frustrating film ...
The most interesting thing about The Unknown Known is how seemingly unrevealing it is .
Although Morris asks plenty of pointed questions , he leaves any opinions about Rumsfeld up to the viewer -- and that 's all to the good .
A rambling documentary that fails to get under its subject 's skin , or obtain answers to difficult questions .
The handsome , rugged 81-year-old offers only flip answers when questioned about such wide-ranging subjects as bogus WMDs in Iraq and the torture of prisoners at Abu Ghraib .
The Unknown Known is a worthy addition to Morris 's body of work , an epic search that demonstrates the limits of language , the ease of sidestepping truth .
There is no great payoff or grand reveal . There 's just the cold , icy sensation of being in the presence of a known man who appears to be unknowable .
Rumsfeld is eerily unflappable . Morris is too polite , or too something , to push back on Rumsfeld .
Nauseating claptrap that allows a war criminal to waste 103 minutes of our time and over $ 10 of our hard-earned money in self-justification . Errol Morris should be ashamed of himself .
Just who is the cat , and who the mouse ? Conspiracy theorists , save your energy .
More than any film this reviewer has seen in ages , `` The Unknown Known '' richly rewards a second viewing .
In the end , The Unknown Known is inconclusive - albeit provocatively so .
We get little in response from Rumsfeld but a demonstration of his cunning at parrying , dodging , and twisting queries .
Like Jack Nicholson in `` A Few Good Men '' he does not think we can handle the truth . He may be right .
Despite the best efforts of Morris , the man comes across as not only shallow , but as a completely empty vessel . It makes for repetitive and depressing viewing .
Another portrait in Morris ' extraordinary gallery of self-deluding subjects , one more famous than the others .
The only self-examination he ever subjects himself to would appear to involve a shaving mirror and lather .
Fascinating and horrifying .
What 's so striking is the abstract nature of his discourse ; what 's so chilling is his dispassion .
The matchup , culled from 30 hours of interviews , is intoxicating , and at times maddening , to watch .
In short bursts , Rumsfeld is an engaging , witty personality . For the first half hour , no matter what your politics are , you will find yourself liking him . He 's good company ... until he 's not .
We might have journeyed inside Rumsfeld 's mindset for a while , but are we richer for the excursion ?
Much against Rumsfeld 's will , what the film inevitably reveals , in Morris ' words , is `` a man using language to obscure the world from himself as well as from others . ''
The film 's message seems to be that in corrupt governments , words are used not to communicate but as a kind of fascist confetti .
Morris is heard badgering Rumsfeld on camera about torture , WMD intelligence and the handling of the war . His subject , though , earns at least a draw .
If Morris always knew that he 'd never break Rummy , even when using his critically acclaimed enhanced interrogation tactics , what would the result - namely ` The Unknown Known ' - prove exactly ?
Rumsfeld enjoys the volleying to easily stonewall with a sly grin and sleights of semantics , a dazzling performance by the consummate wily politician ... Morris is no match .
If this was meant to be a portrait , it 's one completely framed by its subject .
Credit is due to any attempt at teasing a film out of Rumsfeld 's most notorious sound bite .
Yes , it is a probing and unsettling inquiry into the recent political and military history of the United States , but it is also a bracing and invigorating philosophical skirmish .
Viewers who expect answers to be handed to them are n't likely to take the time to work through The Unknown Known . Political junkies , on the other hand , will find plenty to think about here .
Viewers ' tolerance for Errol Morris 's apparent sheepishness will hinge on their prior appreciation of the filmmaker 's investigative acumen .
Morris proceeds with bonhomie and patience in this documentary interrogation of Donald Rumsfeld ; the result is a masterwork of political epistemology and dialectical jujitsu .
Morris ... is able to pierce Rumsfeld 's defenses and refute his excuses with his trademark interview technique and his `` Interrotron '' camera that forces the subject to look us in the eye .
Damning , but even the dogged Errol Morris ca n't land the knockout punch on the slippery , buck-passing Rummy .
The great documentarian Errol Morris did not have to work too hard to satirize Rumsfeld .
Not quite the interrogation that some viewers would want , The Unknown Known is nonetheless a compelling peek into the mind of recent American history 's most savvy and , surprisingly , scrupulous political player .
Regretfully , never once does Morris pin down Rumsfeld on the willful obfuscations he offered in office -LRB- and continues to offer now -RRB- ...
Built around Rumsfeld 's obsessive habit of pumping out memos , the film yields little insight into the deep agenda of America 's war in Iraq , nor does it crack its subject 's polished , affable veneer .
The unavoidable conclusion is that , rather than making any errors in presentation , Morris simply picked the wrong subject .
David Frost 's soft approach to Nixon got results . This does n't .
Morris still finds him fascinating . So , in a grimly compelled way , do we .
The great Errol Morris returns with a slippery profile of the slipperiest of the slippery politicians , Donald Rumsfeld .
Morris ' latest is a sequel of sorts to The Fog of War -LRB- 2003 -RRB- with its examination of another military mastermind 's imprint on history . His attempts to penetrate Rumsfeld 's delusions and defenses , however , are hindered less by fog than smoke screens .
Fascinating and frustrating .
Dedicated to Morris ' champion , Roger Ebert , who would be proud , this is a provocative , revelatory and disturbing film .
Revealing of a near-psychotic self-assurance , but does n't make for a very nuanced or enlightening film .
The whole movie is a hoot from beginning to end , but what we 're ultimately presented and left with is 102 minutes of lies - or , at the very least , what Rumsfeld wants us to hear , even if he knows we do n't believe a word .
There are known unknowns . There are unknown unknowns , and there are unknown knowns . Make any sense yet ?!
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` The Unknown Known '' is a valuable window inside the warped mind of an irrational sociopath ...
Perturbingly captivating .
Errol Morris cross-examines ex-Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld about Iraq , but with less success than he had grilling his predecessor Robert McNamara about Vietnam in The Fog of War .
It 's admirable that Morris took a decidedly nonpartisan tact to the material , but not having political affiliation does n't excuse the somewhat soft lobs that he fires at the slippery Rumsfeld .
The movie frustrates you as Errol Morris seems to pick up the bad habit of his subject - tedious repetition .
Perhaps that Morris was unable to stay wholly objective only speaks to the power of Rumsfeld 's verbal manipulation .
The film is illuminating only in its utter lack of illumination-for looking deep into the eyes of someone incapable of letting his guard down and finding , predictably , nothing whatsoever .
If there 's anybody who 's untroubled by the invasion of Iraq , it 's Donald Rumsfeld . Just ask him .
What we have on display here are the workings of a formidable intellect . The film is a case study in unbridled self-assurance .
Though watchable , the film pales in terms of enjoyment and insight in comparison to Morris 's last film interview with a former Defence Secretary , Robert S. McNamara , in 2006 's The Fog of War .
Rumsfeld takes this to another level , giving contradictory answers at different points throughout the interview .
Morris turns the Bush years into a character study that 's revealing in how little is revealed .
But Morris 's movie is a cat-and-mouse game , and Rumsfeld is the cat , virtually licking his chops as he toys with , and then devours , another rival .
From a procedural perspective , the film is an insightful look into the life of a Secretary Of Defense , but as an exploration into how the war in Iraq was allowed to happen , it 's much , much less satisfying .
Ranging over familiar material , but made vivid by Morris ' fecund associations and invigorating stylistic flourishes .
Morris tediously recycles points he already made in his 2008 look at the Abu Ghraib prison scandal in Standard Operating Procedure .
`` A failure of imagination , '' is how Rumsfeld chalks up not foreseeing the many and varied political blunders that littered his career . The same , alas , could be said of Morris ' movie .
The film winds up as a tense , frustrating stalemate .
The Fog of War is the superior film , but this is more unsettling .
The Unknown Known delivers the type of nuanced , fascinating portrait we 've come to expect from Errol Morris , and avoids offering simplistic conclusions about Donald Rumsfeld .
When Rumsfeld laughs , it 's frightening -- an alien thing 's attempt to simulate a human emotion .
That enigma -- whether Rumsfeld has ever doubted his public frontage , whether his most contentious war strategies were born of profound belief or tactical stopgapping -- is one Errol Morris does n't really come close to penetrating .
Morris asks the occasional tough question , but he 's never particularly aggressive . And with Rumsfeld ... still the career politician , he ultimately proves too slippery for his interviewer , who fails to get ... real reflection or revelation out of him .
Though it does n't go very far or deep , Morris has crafted `` The Unknown Known '' expertly .
Rumsfeld is too smooth an operator to let anything slip , and when confronted with a question he does n't much like , he simply clicks the detour button on his verbal sat nav and talks his way around it .
If documentaries slotted into feature film genres , this one would be close to horror .

@highlight

Viewers hoping to see Donald Rumsfeld admit making mistakes in public office -LRB- or hoping Errol Morris will force him to give straight answers -RRB- may find The Unknown Known frustrating -- but no less fascinating .