Sadly , Kitten himself is the sort you 'd be happy to string across a tennis racket , and the film never quite copes with his lethal insufferability .
Rambling romance about a man truely in love with himself . Cilian Murphy has great talent , but not in this loser directed by Neil Jordan . My advice to Murphy ... speak up and stop mumbling .
Celebratory subversion
`` Kitten '' is one of the most admirable characters ever depicted on-screen .
Murphy 's turn as the irrepressible Kitten is simply mesmerising - outrageous , tender and full of the sort of deep pain that no amount of make-up can conceal .
Another cross-dressing flick from Jordan , but this time with a wry sense of humour and whimsy , coupled with a fine soundtrack of UK bubblegum 70s tunes .
This is a long film that audiences will either love or dismiss .
Roaring with real life , Breakfast on Pluto belongs in that treasured subgenre , the gender bending memoir ... Cillian Murphy gives a career high performance as Kitten , so silky , so tough , so completely real that it haunts us .
Moderately entertaining fare .
It may not have the epic scope and complexity of Forrest Gump , but Breakfast on Pluto a small gem .
Breakfast on Pluto is definitely one of the most unusual , compelling films I have seen in quite some time .
As played by Murphy in what is an excellent performance , Kitten is sort of like a transvestite superhero -- able to overcome impossible situations and look fabulous while doing it .
Breakfast on Pluto 's novelistic feel can seem disjointed , but ultimately the structure frees the film to flit from one interesting encounter to another with a minimum of connecting material .
An amusing little romp , with all the substance of cotton candy .
One scene bleeds into the other and the whole enterprise slowly starts to resemble a fragmented comic book more than a high-quality auteur-driven motion picture .
Jordan plays the Crying Game again for this darly affecting epic .
It 's awfully hard to take the material seriously , even though the plotting seems to demand it .
Murphy models his frocks comfortably enough , but '' ` Pluto '' is draggy in other , disappointing ways .
Neil Jordan 's Breakfast on Pluto bursts onto the screen ablaze with more color , more ideas , more nerve , more invention and more heart than just about anything imaginable .
An offbeat fairytale populated by colorful characters and spot-on performances .
It could have easily been 15 minutes shorter . But you can understand why Jordan wanted to spend so much time with such a singular hero -LRB- heroine ? -RRB- as Patrick .
Enjoyable drama that 's both darkly funny and emotionally engaging .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is one of those crying-on-the-inside comedies , and Cillian Murphy 's sublime performance as Patrick is as touching as it is funny ...
It does one of the best things a movie can do : It makes you feel good .
The movie tries to be upbeat and find humorous ways to look at some very serious subject matter , but the fairy tale quality gets literally blown away .
The whimsy is so forced , a half-dozen Mitzi Gaynor references occur during the first 15 minutes .
There 's so much good stuff in here you 'll wish it all fit together somehow .
A charming , winsome slice of Seventies pop kitsch .
While there are moments that are quite amusing , by the end of the movie you 're apt to be wondering why this was a story that needed to be told .
... a colorful , poppy paean to a bitter time through the eyes of an incurable innocent .
If anyone 's qualified to make a movie about a transvestite who gets mixed up with the IRA , it 's Neil Jordan .
The film is downright aggravating .
There 's a thin line between innocence and willful ignorance . Breakfast on Pluto stomps all over it .
Breakfast on Pluto may seem a fairy tale at times -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , but this Kitten has claws .
Like Kitten and everything else about Breakfast on Pluto , it 's altogether too overstated and obvious , but at least it does n't pretend to have any significance whatsoever .
Breakfast on Pluto has its tongue lodged so firmly in its cheek that it nearly chokes on it .
Breakfast on Pluto , like its cross-dressing heroine , is appealing yet irritating , fun company at times but just as often a bore , occasionally quite touching yet frequently fey and self-indulgent .
Whimsical to a fault .
Too shy to reveal anything meaningful .
The result is immensely enjoyable from start to finish .
-LSB- Jordan -RSB- successfully grafts two Irish literary modes , snappy social satire and gloomy dirge .
Perhaps too audacious for some and too coy for others , Breakfast on Pluto is one of those mercurial movies where you really have no idea where it 'll take you next . Like its star , it 's smart , mischievous and fearless .
The structure Jordan introduces is more neatly symmetrical than McCabe 's rather shapeless novel , and it builds to a more satisfying conclusion .
Held together by a brilliant fiber of obscure pop songs from the era , Breakfast on Pluto may be Jordan 's most agreeable mixture of wisdom and whimsy .
... ambitious and endlessly intriguing ...
It 's a champagne cocktail of a film , with a giddy performance by Cillian Murphy carbonating it from within .
... despite the movie 's bouncy ebullience -LRB- courtesy of a terrific period soundtrack -RRB- and dashes of fantasy , the film quickly becomes an endurance test .
If you 're in the mood for an edgy , raucous , music-driven gender-bender , rent Hedwig and the Angry Inch instead .
Jordan is the kind of director you follow out of trust , even when his movies are n't perfect .
-LSB- T -RSB- he performance by Cillian Murphy ... is terrific .
Like Cillian Murphy in high heels , Breakfast On Pluto totters along with unnerving hesitancy .
Cillian Murphy makes an uncomfortably beautiful woman in this rambling tale that never congeals .
Breakfast on Pluto ambles along nicely , but feels as if it 's never going to end .
A cunningly crafted fairytale ...
It 's a film in and of its own world , sparked by a wicked performance full of wide-eyed wonder .
-LSB- Jordan -RSB- adds yet another uniquely beautiful soul to the list of otherwordly beings he has summoned to life .
The film does not shy away from the chaos or the madness available , but you could see a love letter to Ireland in Kitten 's indomitable spirit . It 's a letter you 'll enjoy reading .
Pure blarney , but it 's well-meaning blarney , told by a master cinematic storyteller and boasting an eye-catching lead performance .
The overall film lacks a sense of urgency , as if Patrick had all the time in the world to get where he 's going .
-LSB- A -RSB- playful , meandering , dreamily comic and yearning story about Irish transvestite Patrick ` Kitten ' Braden .
Thanks to a feathery script and Murphy 's sentimental , love-me performance , the bustling conceits of Breakfast turn into a load of burnt toast , sprinkled with glitter and sugar .
Enchanting and hopeful .
Ultimately , the film 's detachment is its inspired idea and its inherent problem .
We 're handed 36 separate chapters in the life of an androgynous sunbeam , but the whimsy is like a piece of caramel lodged between two of your back teeth : a sweet irritant .
By the time the movie finally creaks to a close , you may feel like it 's taken a lifetime to learn about Kitten 's .
Jordan takes his fey protagonist the most seriously of all , picturing him as just about the most perfect and true creature in the universe .
It seems like a simple movie , but it means more the more you think about it .
A fizzy tonic amidst stiller holiday fare .
Flitting through 22 chapters in the first hour alone , it feels like someone trying to speed-read through a bad novel the size of War & Peace .
An ungodly mess of a picture which plays like a Frankenstein-ish cross between an Irish Forrest Gump and a less cohesive version of the already inaccessible Velvet Goldmine .
You 'll be singing along to the soundtrack of Neil Jordan 's enchanting Breakfast on Pluto , which boasts the most felicitous use of wall-to-wall pop songs I 've ever heard .
Neil Jordan gives us another gender bending gem that plays something like Velvet Goldmine with guns and explosions .
Playful , poetic , shocking , saddening , and ultimately gratifyingly and honestly big-hearted .
The very characteristics that keep him alive and kicking are the ones that keep you at arm 's length . No surprise , then , that even the satisfying and semi-satisfying conclusions to various narrative threads do n't quite satisfy .
The problem is that the coy Kitten never really develops as a character and , as the film unfolds , your interest in him wanes .
I could n't help but feel that I 've already seen this character , and always portrayed in this similar manner -- fey , fanciful , indefatigable .
Pluto 's story is scattershot , though it occasionally resonates .
So horribly misconceived and shoddily structured that its good intentions are worn out in the first twenty minutes
It 's as coy and callow as you 'd expect from a movie with a lead character nicknamed Kitten .
An honrobale failure , Breakfast on Pluto is a tweener , neither epic nor intimate enough , neither campy nor earnest . Though dense in ideas and images , the film is too sprawling , lacking a discernible POV .
Kitten -LSB- Murphy -RSB- is like the bouncing ball following a singalong ... without adding any interpretation of her own .
This is not for everyone , Jordan 's stuff never is , but if you 're into good acting it 's worth a look .
Murphy has played two deliciously perverse villains this year , and it 's a measure of how amazing he is as Kitten that I never once thought of those earlier antagonists .
As meals go , this Breakfast is filling . In every way , Jordan 's return to action is a triumph .
The twittering main character quickly wears out his welcome .
In -LSB- Jordan 's -RSB- new film , Breakfast on Pluto , he 's trying for a much more elaborate version of -LSB- The Crying Game -RSB- .
The cast , camerawork and soundtrack are outta this world , but Pluto 's orbit is too erratic to make this offbeat odyssey worth the journey .
The writing , direction , music , and acting are all fantastic , but the film ends up being a little long and centers around a main character that 's a little hard to embrace .
A Technicolor 'd bird , flashed at the ridiculous capriciousness of life and Sartre 's other people .
Depressingly predictable
Jordan and McCabe 's real triumph here , however , is the tenderness with which they imbues ` Kitten , ' and the astonishing grace with which the extraordinary Murphy pulls it off .
Beneath the film 's monotony , one senses a whiff of cop-out , of playing it safe : Patrick , for all his tender yearnings , shows no lust , no messy ego . He 's a saddened saint in pouffy shirts , and Jordan turns his crying game into one big , long whine .
The movie 's drastic shifts in tone sabotage any attempt at sustained emotional engagement .
Breakfast on Pluto dishes out some inspired ideas and brazen performances but as a whole , it 's an unwieldy meal .
Murphy 's tour de force as the eternally optimistic Patrick surely deserves an Oscar nomination . Thanks to Jordan 's bravura storytelling , Breakfast on Pluto is one of very few movies this year truly worth remembering .
Watching Cillian Murphy in drag takes some patience and tolerance but it 's actually quite a touching story
It 's indulgent , and more than once it 's patently unbelievable , but Jordan knows how to make a movie , and it 's often lovely to look at .
Neil Jordan 's picaresque fairy tale stars Cillian Murphy as an Irish transvestite who is arrested after the bombing of a London disco .
So dense with dying fizzle and limp ideas that I began to wonder if Jordan has an evil twin , or if there are in fact several Neil Jordans , among them at least one literate stylist and one humor-handicapped village idiot .
Neil Jordan 's gender-bending again in this picaresque tale of a small-town Irish lad who becomes a transvestite , played by Cillian Murphy , whose versatility is astonishing !
Murphy is an actor to watch . Even in heels .
A lilting fairy tale told with feverish brilliance .
Starts out difficult to like but pays off with hard-won sympathy for a showboating hero/heroine .
Effortlessly nailing coquettish mannerisms and employing a hilarious come-hither vocal quality , Murphy is magnetizing , fascinating , and eminently likeable .
If an eventful life journey does n't produce maturity or just simple insight , it does n't feel terribly worth it .
Jordan 's film may seem like the tale of a gay Gump bumbling through history , but Kitten is neither as clueless nor as apolitical as he may seem .
Sliding back and forth between comedy and tragedy is the film 's strongest suit
An endearing portrait of a transvestite whose playful ease in the face of one harrowing experience after another makes him into what the Taoist sages call `` a disciple of life ''
Initially off-putting in mannerism , Cillian Murphy 's ` Kitten ' ropes the viewer in for the long , arduous haul .
Despite its sometimes-delectable whimsy , Breakfast on Pluto ... winds up being only moderately satisfying .
an entertaining story of an eccentric young man
Sprawling , ambitious but ultimately tiresome .
Episodic and uneven , the movie is a must-see with its tour-de-force performance by Cillian Murphy .
While the sunny production values and '70s bubblegum soundtrack carry the film up to a point , there 's a more-of-the-same quality to the narrative that simply ca n't sustain its 36-chapter , 135-minute running time .
An odd , at times off-putting mixture of camp inflection and earnest insight .





@highlight

Well-acted if monotonous drama about a transvestite prostitute in London during the 1970s .