Gritty girl soccer drama with a powerful message .
When you wake up after napping through this earnest timewaster , you 'll feel relieved , but you wo n't know why . Here 's a clue : Gracie ca n't bend it .
A gutsy performance by Carly Schroeder is the high point of this likeable story about a girl with a dream
In addition to Carly Schroeder 's performance , the highlights are its honesty , willingness to show real family struggles , and the gradual way Gracie achieves success .
A wholesome female empowerment adventure , and one very likely to resonate with youngsters of both sexes in the pre-teen crowd .
It 's too bad that Gracie 's story seems bent on staying on the surface of such familiar turf , rather than digging deeper to reveal what propels her .
The movie treats Gracie as a cause rather than an impassioned athlete .
Ends up more like a middling after-school special than an insightful look at family dynamics .
Bruce Springsteen has even given the film his own rare seal of approval by providing a song for the soundtrack -- something he almost never does . See that ? Even the Boss likes Gracie .
-LSB- Actress Schroeder -RSB- gives Gracie a credibly rugged edge , building her into a mini-tower of blond ambition and almost rescuing the role from cliché . Almost , but not quite , not when burdened with a script so proudly rooted in uplift 's trite traditions .
Though predictable at virtually every turn and almost relentlessly sentimental , Gracie ultimately establishes itself as a surprisingly moving and compelling story
It 's a nice film and the Shue family , honestly , they should be proud of what they 've done .
Lindsay suggests -- during the inevitable mother-daughter heart-to-heart -- that Gracie persist despite the many odds because Lindsay did not .
Despite flaws , though , this stirring independent production is remarkable for its honest portrayal of a family grappling with grief and a female taking the penalty kick to score points for gender equity .
Ultimately , `` Gracie '' scores as a feminist inspirational sports film .
This labor of love from the Shue siblings is a better than average sports movie . More than that , it 's about a family pulling together to help one member achieve her dream .
Making the team and playing in the big game grab the headlines , but the repaired relationship at the heart of Gracie shows that there are bigger prizes than kicking a ball around a field .
As labors of love go , this one is harmless enough . It 's just not particularly elegant or well-crafted , or even inspiring , to be worth seeking out .
Gracie is a gentle , easygoing picture -- it 's not exactly dramatically gripping , but somehow , its spirit carries it through .
It 's made bearable by sincere performances all around ...
Here 's a little winner of a sports movie that became lost amidst the ogres and the pirates .
More charming and enjoyable to watch than it deserves , primarily because the performances transcend the script flaws .
Gracie is painfully earnest , which might be OK were it not also painfully trite , painfully cliched and painfully formulaic .
The New Jersey locations and soundtrack help ground the story in a particular time and place , and Schroeder delivers a terrific performance .
There are some powerful moments -LRB- such as Elisabeth Shue , as Gracie 's mother , giving a touching , unexpected speech about how she does n't share her family 's competitive spirit -RRB- , and by its end Gracie earns its cheers .
Everyone who made this movie had his or her heart in the right place , even though they got so much wrong .
This more homespun film does n't let down its story or the Shue family . Its plain integrity outshines predictability . It is feminist without cant . And Schroeder delivers perhaps the finest young female performance of the year .
It 's in the same rousing spirit of many such films in the genre .
Gracie 's many heartfelt , well-calibrated moments , affecting performances , and evocative visual style should win over those who do give it a shot .
The movie tries a little too hard to weave in wholesome messages about how athletics can keep kids out of trouble .
Meant to be a thrilling inspiration , it only feels a little like a teacher-recommended Afterschool Special .
It 's puzzling to watch someone present her own life in terms of cliché .
A nicely confident Schroeder strides though the movie as if it 's a masterpiece , and Mulroney is equally charismatic . But they ca n't quite save Gracie from feeling like a vanity project .
For all the heartfelt emotion behind it , the movie plays out like your basic after-school special : no surprises , no suspense .
With so much invested in this film , Gracie represents the culmination of a family dream , so you ca n't really blame it for wearing its heart on its sleeve .
There 's a tough-minded authenticity at the center of the family movie Gracie that keeps it from being just another run-of-the-mill , inspirational sports flick .
The -LSB- Shue -RSB- family 's passion for the story is evident , and it shows through in a well-acted and even inspiring movie that will hold particular appeal for young female athletes .
For anyone who 's ever had an adolescent girl in the house , Gracie will be both eerily familiar and a bit scary .
Gracie , a tale about a teen girl blazing trails in soccer , is worthy , but it 's also formulaic to a fault .
All the film 's good intentions are still somewhat undercut by its corn content .
She shoots , Gracie scores .
A truly winning American soccer movie has yet to be made , but Gracie is good enough to play for a tie .
Screenwriters Lisa Marie Petersen and Karen Janszen pile on so much fake-feeling dramatic tension that they muck up an already perfectly compelling story about a strong young woman .
It 's a sweet and uplifting film , and though quite predictable , gives us a family drama that showcases simple truths about overcoming seemingly impossible odds and leaves you with a warm and very satisfying feeling deep down .
One need not harbor a deep and abiding passion for soccer in order to connect with is likely to be the summer of 2007 's most honest and emotionally rewarding movie .
Does Gracie work as a movie ? Just close enough , and closer still for a young soccer player who may already know her sports movie clichés but also recognizes when they touch on something once and truly felt .
Every triumph-over-tragedy cliche is firmly in place , but the movie still feels authentic .
There 's not a lot wrong with this feel-good sports drama except that it 's much like the 873 other feel-good sport dramas we 've seen this year . I like it anyway , for its go-girl spunk and tenderly solemn spirit .
A familiar underdog story told with unusual sensitivity , Davis Guggenheim 's Gracie depicts the obstacles faced by a young girl who dreams of playing on her high school soccer team .
Sometimes a formula picture can get that extra wrinkle that makes all the difference . Such is the case with Gracie ...
This is a sweet picture ; a surefire inspirational tool and a good piece of history for today 's neglectful young women .
Unfortunately , this is one of those times when keeping a family scrapbook would have been far more effective .
While doing fine work otherwise , Carly Schroeder is never able to elevate the athletics of the role to make us believe the guys are n't taking it easy on her .
What kind of cold , heartless , evil failure of a human being would I have to be to dump on a feel good movie about a 15-year old girl fighting for equality and the right to play soccer ?
Still , I liked this movie . Schroeder is excellent , while veteran Mulroney is even better .
A fifteen-year old girl becomes a fierce little soccer warrior thanks to some encouraging words from her brother and father .
Gracie balances its sentiment with gritty scenes on the soccer field .
No matter how many times we 've been through the ritual , it can still work when it 's done well . And it 's done quite well in Gracie , a familiar but rewarding little parable set in the world of small-town New Jersey soccer in the '70s .
It 's a trite , indifferently told underdog sports story that could only have been redeemed by perfect execution .
It would be easy to dismiss this drama about a high school girl who goes out for the boys ' soccer team as something we 've all seen before . But that would be ignoring the movie 's plucky appeal .
The strong family ties on screen and behind the camera and some gritty authenticity of place and feeling remind us how what could have been cliche can have the power of archetype .
GRACIE clearly was made with affection and was meant to serve as an inspirational story , but the reliance on trite and overused images undercuts its message .
While it may not be quite as memorable as such classic sports films as Hoosiers , Rocky and The Natural , it does have a worthwhile girl-power message and an appealing cast , along with a fairly satisfying emotional climax .
In the annals of sports flicks of the twenty-first century , Gracie eclipses practically all of them .
Only auds not exposed to similar inspirational sports scenarios will doubt for a second that she 'll eventually succeed .
Gracie is an engaging sports drama about a girl , a soccer ball and a family lost in grief .
Heavy on hokum but easy to like , thanks to the spunky Schroeder .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Guggenheim does n't bring much visual style to the game . But he brings heart -LRB- and some Bruce Springsteen on the soundtrack -RRB- to the story of a lost Jersey girl redeemed by sport . Yeah , I cried . And cheered . You will too .
... would n't know a nuance if one hit it in the face .
The genuine sense of loss and nicely observed family details do n't stand a chance against the generic buildup to the big game .
There 's nothing startling about Gracie per se , but it manages to do formula without becoming too formulaic , be a feel-good flick without being feel-good gooey .
There 's a reason the underdog sports formula is followed over and over : When it 's executed as skillfully as it is here , the damned thing works every time .
Disintegrates into movie-of-the-week predictability .
Gracie is painless enough and , at times , even enjoyable . But it suffers from an overriding feeling that this would be better positioned as a made-for-TV feature .
Gracie does hold you , in its oversimplified and sentimental way , and it deals with a real issue in semi-real fashion -- half-Hollywood , half-actual life , or something like it .
Who could possibly be interested in a movie about decent , recognizably human creatures dealing with believable problems and discovering within themselves the capacity to be better people ?
If you competed in high school athletics , you might be able to overlook that Gracie is just another formulaic , if well-intentioned , sports movie .
Between the schmaltzy messages about family and the super-sweet on-field heroics , this is cheese washed down with syrup . Yuck .
Gracie is no failure , but its mishmash of sports tropes and melodrama does n't satisfy the way it could have .
Gracie is a rousing sports film that ultimately earns that lump in your throat .
Predictable and cliched . ... The last time this movie was made , it was called Bend It Like Beckham , and it was a lot more enjoyable and genuine .
Gracie strives to be G.I. Jane in shin guards , but it ends up as She 's the Man without the comedy .
How often do you see a film that 's not only interested in girls ' lives but equally honest about their tribulations and their potential ?
Why is Gracie as processed as an after-school special ? You miss the knockabout edge of Bend It Like Beckham -- though the ending , in its Pavlovian sports-flick way , pumps you up .
It 's not without well-observed moments , and in the title role , Carly Schroeder makes an agreeably flawed and feisty rooting interest .
An unbelievable mix of sports movie clichés and girl-power attitude
Firing on all formulaic cylinders , Gracie is heavy with tidy meaning and mealy morality .
Not a terrible movie ... but it 's awfully familiar -- so much so that it probably should have been called Trudy .
Gracie 's only achievement is technical , yet it has nothing to do with creative merit : Prints for the film , Davis Guggenheim 's first feature-length fiction , will be carbon neutral .
In real life , Elizabeth Shue was quite the activist , the first person in her New Jersey community to break the gender barrier in soccer : this is her charming -LRB- fictionalized -RRB- story .




@highlight

Gracie can be rousing and touching in spots , but is ultimately undone by its predictable story arc and a lack of nuance .