How do you savage something this pathetic , this completely unbothered by the basic concept of passable composition ?
Who needs plot when you have plenty of bullets and heavy metal .
Do n't watch Alone in the Dark . Not even as a joke . It 's eighty minutes that absolutely no one can give you back . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The horror . The hor-ror !
Lame monster movies like this adaptation of the popular Atari video game are scary for all the wrong reasons .
The late Gene Siskel once devised a simple method of measuring a film 's worth : ` Is this film more interesting than a documentary of the same actors having lunch ? ' ` Alone in the Dark ' does n't come close to matching that standard .
There 's nothing even remotely entertaining about this film -- audiences should stay home and play the original -LRB- or one of its numerous sequels -RRB- on Playstation instead .
Christian Slater and Stephen Dorff , the reigning princes of Hollywood schlock , join forces in this brain-dead adaptation of a popular video game .
Any chance for suspense is thwarted by gratuitous violence , heavy-metal-propelled action sequences and laughably flat dialogue between characters who are barely more developed than in the Atari version .
better than expected , but , considering the reputation of its author , this is n't much of an achievement
In reality , -LSB- Reid 's -RSB- intellectual drag makes her look less like a scientist than a stripper at the beginning of her act .
Alone in the Dark pourrait figurer dans un dictionnaire en exemple frappant de ce que signifie insipide .
Eu devia ter suspeitado de algo quando meu aparelho de DVD pareceu se recusar a rodar este filme . E posso jurar que ele pediu um Cepacol depois que a tortura chegou ao fim .
This is pretty close to one of the worse movies that I 've ever seen and having to recap it is making my brain bleed . .
As long as director Uwe Boll is given money to make films , we are guaranteed at least one unintentionally uproarious gut-buster a year .
Boll 's vague X-Files rip-off is n't scary or exciting , but inadvertently he 's made a movie funnier than a lot of the purported comedies Hollywood cranks out .
How Uwe Boll manages to scrape together enough investment money to give wing to this type of overblown , amateurish gibberish is truly a mystery of the cosmos ...
Little of Alone in the Dark makes Earthly sense , but it at least knows how to be bad in original ways .
Has just about everything a snarky bad movie lover could want -- that is , except a guy and two robots sitting in the bottom right hand corner .
Remember to get your bets in early as the Razzie winner for 2005 .
You start hoping that Ashton Kutcher is going to come out and tell them they 're punk 'd , because you just ca n't believe this is for real . You feel sorry for these actors ...
It 's never good when the audience starts laughing as soon as the movie begins -- and nothing has happened .
For as busy as this movie is , you 'd think it would have more going on . Instead , it 's just a big , chewy wad of badness .
It 's just the most inept filmmaking you can catch in theatres right now , or probably all year long .
The most entertainment comes from watching Slater and Dorff and trying to figure out who 's got the biggest forehead .
In this chintzy video-game blow-up , Christian Slater battles zombies and transmogrified beasties , revealing the horror of a once-promising career turned miserable .
There 's plenty to snicker at .
I 've heard of the suspension of disbelief , but Tara Reid as an archeologist ?
... 96 minutes of pure torture ...
Utterly lost by its end , you can just sit back and let yourself be hijacked by the movie 's outrageous dialogue , hyperventilating performances and all-around commitment to overkill .
A violent and incomprehensible piece of gibberish .
-LSB- T -RSB- he filmmakers have no more ability to tell a story than to create three-dimensional characters . They do n't so much end the film as hit the reset button .
Maybe the only people who can explain this flick 's nonsensical plotline are those who squandered their youth mastering the Atari video game on which it 's based .
-LSB- Uwe Boll -RSB- makes things on the cheap ... so people keep giving him money , even though he does n't seem to know how to point a camera at his actors , let alone operate it .
If Ed Wood had the opportunity to fall under MTV 's influence , Plan Nine From Outer Space would have looked like Alone in the Dark .
Attains a level of awe-inspiring Velveeta dunderheadedness .
Wow . What an aptly named movie .
The garish editing and stilted , exposition-only dialogue induce the frisson of an America 's Most Wanted re-enactment that pays unexpected , sidesplitting returns .
When the giant , intelligent bees of the future sift through the ashes of our civilization , they will find Alone in the Dark , and they will understand . It 's so bad it 's postmodern .
The title is reasonably fitting , since I very nearly was alone in the dark when I saw it .
Somewhere , Ed Wood is resting pretty comfortably right now .
Grab your funniest smartass friends and have a good time ripping this piece of crap to shreds . I know I did . But if you 're looking for a good movie , stay away !
Anyone who chooses to watch this film will probably be alone in the dark as most theaters will be empty
It 's only January , but I ca n't imagine any upcoming film replacing ` Alone in the Dark ' as my leading candidate for Worst Movie of 2005 .
Believe it or not , it is possible to inspire decent cinema from the roots of Nintendo or Playstation . But you ca n't do it with Pong-caliber talent .
Woefully murky and meaningless ... The world 's most durable and heavy duty flashlight could n't bring an ounce of brightness to the underwhelming Alone in the Dark
If you find yourself alone in Alone In The Dark , run away as fast as you can . Not because this sci-fi horror movie is scary , but because it is so stupid .
If someone recommends you see Alone in the Dark , assume that person hates you or at least dislikes you .
One of the worst movies ever made .
horrific and horrible
Dear Alone in the Dark , ... It 's time for me to start seeing other movies . But I will think of you always , when I sit at the movies , alone in the dark , without you .
Chances are , you 'll probably find yourself alone in the theater too .
Quite possibly the worst of the year . Definiately the worst of the month .
Alone in the Dark does n't even deserve the indignity of going straight-to-video
Trying to rehash this plot is like trying to describe a Jackson Pollock painting while drunk
Unconvincing leads , nonsensical plot , dumb staging -- this movie has it all .
Director Uwe Boll -LRB- House of the Dead -RRB- has made a cottage industry out of this kind of junk . Maybe it 's time for him to close up shop .
Veers tantalizingly close to being one of those movies that is so bad it 's good , but in the end , it 's so bad it 's just ... bad .
Once the poorly staged mayhem erupts , there 's no disguising the fact that it 's all been a pointless buildup to 40 minutes of running , shooting and screaming , and you 've wasted whatever time and attention you devoted to following any of its minutiae .
The film looks like it was made for $ 1.05 with its murky cinematography , sloppy special effects , and cheap sets .
Alone in the Dark is so awful , anyone who spends 10 bucks seeing it ought to get 11 bucks change and a written apology from the director and cast .
Dreadful .
A film so mind-blowingly horrible that it teeters on the edge of cinematic immortality .
If you are alone in the dark with Alone in the Dark , be sure to bring chewing gum -- it will provide entertainment .
The acting is awful and amateurish .
A laugh-out-loud turkey .
Never trust a movie that opens with a written introduction scrolling by that 's longer than the collected works of Tom Clancy .
Too stupid to watch , too loud to nap through , Alone in the Dark shows just how tenuous Plan Nine From Outer Space 's hold on that ` worst movie ever ' title really is .
Ultra-violent , hyper-mindless and bruisingly loud , Alone in the Dark makes its video game predecessors look like Masterpiece Theater .
It does n't even qualify as ` so bad it 's good , ' although by that standard it does have its moments .
Alone in the Dark is no better than whatever you might pick up while wearing a blindfold at Blockbuster , even if you happen to reach into a trash can .
Alone in the Dark is amateurish at best and asinine at worst .
Some concepts are meant to stay in the gaming console .
As an audience-participation midnight movie , Alone in the Dark has potential .
Frighteningly bad cinema is the only thing scary about Alone in the Dark , which gives video-game movies an even worse name , if that 's possible .
So poorly built , so horribly acted and so sloppily stitched together that it 's not even at the straight - to-DVD level .
It 's tempting to call Alone in the Dark one of those movies so bad that it 's almost good . But that might send the wrong signal to Hollywood .
The film is filled with hilariously bad performances , expository dialogue and production values that suggest it could have been a low-budget film-school project .
Quite possibly one of the worst movies of the decade .
I did n't see director Uwe Boll 's zombie dud House of the Dead , but on the evidence of Alone in the Dark , he belongs in the pantheon of hopelessly inept directors .
Alone in the Dark presents splatter fans with garden-variety gore , and gives action-horror fans loud , unscary special effects rather than genuine suspense or bang .
Tara Reid responds to the camera like she 's just caught a paparazzo ; every line of dialogue begins with , ` Hey guys , ' be it ordering lunch or reacting to mortal danger .
No subtext , no moral , no cultural observation , no substance ; if it had calories , they would be empty
There is a reason to fear being alone in the dark : it 's this movie .
-LRB- Christian -RRB- Slater and -LRB- Tara -RRB- Reid share quite possibly the most awkward love scene ever recorded on film .
-LSB- A -RSB- n instant classic of cheeseball cinema , an orgy of overblown dialogue and hammy overacting , 90-some-odd minutes of cheap-looking , jaw-dropping incoherence ...
Thanks for the surgical enhancement , Tara Reid . As I always say , if saline made you a great actor then Sean Penn would have gills .
Actually has an entire group of adults call out to a lost comrade , ` Marco ! ' What does he expect the audience to do when they hear that ? I mean , come on .
There 's a point in the movie where it 's best to stop trying to make sense out of this unintelligible story ... right after the opening credits .
Perhaps hoping to be a sort of hybrid Matrix meets Indiana Jones meets Alien , Unfortunately , Alone in the Dark is just a bad movie .
They say that even ugly babies have faces their mothers love , but this is truly a film that not even hardcore genre fans could appreciate .
On the short list of Worst Movies Ever Made .
Worse than you can imagine ... see 1997 's The Relic instead .
... asking the viewer to accept Tara Reid as a scientist is pure insanity , requiring a staggering leap of faith that I ca n't even begin to contemplate .
The three stars have seen better days , but I 'd like to think they could still do something classier and more dignified than this . Like gay porn .
I laughed . I was bored . I could n't believe my own eyes .
As silly as it is stylish .
A hokey , recycled collection of mumbo-jumbo that unabashedly steals from a multitude of other horror films .
This is definitely for people who 1 -RRB- love the video game , 2 -RRB- think Slater and Dorff are eminently watchable , no matter what bad flick they 're in and 3 -RRB- are wearing industrial-strength ear plugs .
Alone in the Dark offers ample evidence that House of the Dead helmer Uwe Boll should put down his joystick -- quickly , before anyone else gets hurt .
Laughably bad .
This horror film , spun off from an old Atari video game , is so inept on every level , you wonder why the distributor did n't release it straight to video , or better , toss it directly into the trash .
If you took the 100 worst ideas ever conceived for a science-fiction film , rattled them around in a Lotto tumbler and spilled them out onto the screen at random , you could not produce a more asinine hodgepodge than Alone in the Dark .
If nothing else , Alone in the Dark proves that it 's possible to ` dumb down ' a video game .
As video game adaptations go , even Pong : The Movie would have a lot more personality .
None of it hangs together enough to make a coherent narrative .
There are some stupid films that rock , if you turn your brain off and enjoy them . Alone in the Dark is n't one of these , though it is very stupid .
Alone in the Dark co-stars perpetual party-girl Tara Reid as an archeologist . That alone should give you some clue as to how bad this movie is .
Reid delivers her lines as though she is calling for another round of Mai Tais for the house .
so far off the scale bad that the only possible reaction is to laugh at it -- and I do mean at it and not with it .
Saying Uwe Boll 's Alone in the Dark is better than his 2003 American debut House of the Dead is akin to praising syphilis for not being HIV .
... films like ` Battlefield Earth ' and ` The Adventures of Pluto Nash ' await a film of this magnitude because it gets awfully lonely on the island of misfit movies .
Alone In The Dark is n't going to set the world on fire , but it largely succeeds with what it has to work with . Just do n't take it seriously and you 'll have a fun time .
Obvious dry humping to inappropriate music does n't cut it in a horror flick - at least give us some skin .
Terrible beyond belief , like the worst 1940s serial ever made . As for Slater and Dorff ... well , they 've been in worse movies -- wait a minute , no they have n't .
you need an actor who can make the words SOUND smart , and Reid wo n't be winning a Nobel Prize anytime soon -LRB- she 's proof that alcohol kills brain cells ... with a vengeance -RRB- .
Director Uwe Boll -LRB- is -RRB- a latter-day Ed Wood who fancies himself a cross between action-sytlish John Woo and B-movie horror-ific John Carpenter .
as predictable as watching a bag of microwave popcorn pop and as terrifying as a herd of dust bunnies
If anyone were pondering what Ed Wood would be like today if he were armed with foreign financing and computer effects , look no further than Uwe Boll .
This is jaw-dropping , awe-inspiring , ` I-can ` t - believe-someone - made-this-crap ' badness we 're dealing with .


@highlight

Inept on almost every level , Alone in the Dark may not work as a thriller , but it 's good for some head-slapping , incredulous laughter .