The Goods is n't trying for much but what it is trying for it more or less succeeds at . That does n't make it a particularly good movie ; in fact it pretty much ensures that it ca n't be one .
The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard is an entirely throwaway experience that does n't offer anything vaguely witty or clever . Look elsewhere to satisfy your comedy needs .
... an agreeable piece of work ...
While it is brash and absurd and funny in fits and starts , it also seems to lose its nerve as it goes on .
The number of remotely chucklesome jokes in Neal Brennan 's comedy is way too low , and the stuff in between them is grimy and depressing .
Vulgar , pointless , unfunny comedy .
Like a dodgy old motor , this smutty comedy about car salesmen roars with life to begin with but putters to a stop all too soon .
Sometimes this kind of comedy just goes too far into rubbishness to make it back .
A throng of outrageous supporting characters do little to salvage this stalled effort .
These jokes are fired out like one of those ball-throwing machines used for baseball practice - sometimes they hit and they hurt , sometimes they miss , and sometimes they meet the bat .
It is n't merely bad , it makes you want to clamp your hands to either side of your face and do an impersonation of The Scream .
This film is so crass and so lowbrow its hairline is level with the carpet underlay . And yet , and yet , I must hang my head and confess I did laugh a fair bit .
They look as if they could provide more laughs but are defeated by bovine gags retrieved from a trashcan full of out-takes .
That mainstream cinema continually serves up such offensive offal is one thing , but the fact that the boundaries of taste are challenged with such regularity is made all the more alarming when passed off as harmless fun .
On paper , The Goods had the potential to be The Next Anchorman , but unfortunately somewhere in the drawing room , someone decided to pursue cheap laughs over something more substantial .
Jokes only get you so far , and The Goods gets increasingly bogged down in its uninspired plotlines . Ferrell 's cameo is a particular lowpoint .
Picture a knackered jalopy misfiring on all cylinders , lurching from one pile-up to the next and spewing foul fumes as it lumbers inevitably to the breaker 's yard . Then think of the cinema equivalent .
Some of the talent - like The Hangover 's Ed Helms - manage to escape with their dignity , just about intact , but the film 's attempts to justify its adult rating become increasingly desperate .
Nothing important is at stake . The characters are detestable , the jokes crude , the language foul . The attitudes towards homosexuals , the disabled and paedophilia are horrendous .
This scattershot comedy hits a few targets but is so desperate to amuse it feels more like a series of rejected TV sketches than a movie .
A dull idea to start with and packing it out with tasteless , unloveable characters does n't help .
The film is randy and rough-hewn even by the standards of its genre . I could claim to have found it tasteless and mirthless , but that would be a lie .
It sounds a passable premise but what we get is a toe-curling disappointment that wastes the talent of some familiar television faces . No sale .
A string of largely uninsightful comic set pieces with a nasty view of human nature .
-LSB- It -RSB- squanders its potential with hard-to-like characters and a largely unfunny script that relies too heavily on unnecessary crudity .
Packed with some very average and at times very filthy jokes , The Goods is thankfully redeemed by some decent laugh-out loud moments .
A shrill and lazily written wreck of a movie .
An SUV of a comedy : enjoy hate crimes , homophobia and terrorizing women ? Then this hulking , gas-guzzling beast -- completely out-of-touch with the economic climate and progressive politics -- is for you !
The humor comes not from the picture 's setup but the absurd behavior of its characters . Mr. Piven does an able variation on Ari Gold , the caustic agent from Entourage
A mediocre comedy that wants desperately to be `` Anchorman '' on a used-car lot , but ca n't measure up , mostly because it 's so lacking in laughs
-LSB- It -RSB- might be a bottomless barrel of idiotic yuks . But it 's not a total lemon .
It 's a grab bag of comic ideas , but some of the gags are impressively perverse .
It 's not that I was offended . It 's that I was bored by the attempt to offend me .
Piven is saddled with a lame backstory about a former partner 's tragic death , something about a lost son , a thoroughly forced romantic subplot , and a series of awful and increasingly desperate stabs at raunchy humor .
Needs Less Sentiment and More Charles Napier . But Still Rapid-Fire Funny in Nature .
I definitely laughed , just not enough to fully recommend it .
This was funny in the beginning , no question , but then it turned into I thought a sort of a very stale comedy .
It 's possible that this appallingly awful excuse for a raunchy comedy is meant to be satirical , but I suspect it 's merely shockingly incompetent , even grading on the raunchy-comedy curve .
I think it 's worth it just to witness the comic genius of Kathryn Hahn .
At times ` The Goods '' gets up and running on all cylinders , but misfires often with bits that simply do n't jell .
Raunchy , crass and simply loopy , this is a movie you 're either going to love or hate .
`` The Goods '' has to imply an antonym as it is far from good . Despite starring the Emmy award winning Jeremy Piven , the writing destroyed any chance of success .
there are a few good jokes , but for me a few laughs here and there are n't enough
With a comedy like this , you want to be laughing constantly , not every 15 or 20 minutes .
Parental Content Review
The Goods is uneven , mis-shapen , lumpy , bumpy and scattershot ; it 's also funny , or funny in bits , or very funny in very weird bits that almost , kind of , make up for how uneven , mis-shapen , lumpy , bumpy and scattershot it is .
` The Goods ' is n't going to revolutionize comedy , but it does exactly what a good comedy should : it focuses on laughs above all else .
Like a Frankenstein monster that can never quite find the strength to climb off the table , The Goods is a lumbering creation stitched together from body parts of past comedies operating in a similarly sophomoric vein .
Outrageous , crass and occasionally funny with a lively ensemble cast , but its humor often feels uninspired , lazy , asinine and ultimately forgettable .
I laughed more than I thought I would -LRB- though of course hope springs eternal at the movies -RRB- and if I ran the Hollywood zoo , I 'd give these particular screenwriters another assignment .
The oh-so-out-there mentality earns some chuckles , but that , along with Piven 's preening , gets very trying . A hard sell is still a hard sell .
The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard has a beater 's clunky , fast-moving charm .
The Goods , which shows signs of considerable tinkering in the editing room , is understandably not getting a hard sell at all by its studio .
Nothing wrong with potty talk . But if that 's all a movie has to offer , the humor quickly evaporates .
The gold standard of used-car comedies is still , well , Used Cars . But I laughed out loud about a dozen times watching The Goods , and not even in spite of myself .
The Goods gets saved from the scrap heap by the winning comic players behind star Jeremy Piven .
The Goods is not without its share of laughs . But the laughs come with contempt and condescension , not empathy .
Start laughing .
This film is like a piano falling on a car -- it may sound funny , but not when it happens to you .
Like Don 's sales technique , the movie ... pushes its humor aggressively but closes the deal .
Something about The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard feels forgettable , even though , in the moment , it 's often very funny .
Piven as lead just does n't work here .
Piven 's aggressive energy does n't wear well over the course of the movie , but the supporting cast is stocked with choice comedy talent .
Crass , stupid and ineptly made , this car-lot farce is so awful that it ought to qualify for the `` Cash for Clunkers '' program on grounds of polluting the atmosphere .
The flick has the right cast to be a funny ride , but instead suffers from a panicky sense of desperation to cram it all in while offending as many people as possible with lowball yuks .
Anything-goes comic raunch-fest is funny , but not for kids .
The audience will no doubt laugh on cue as The Goods hits its marks with dutiful predictability , but they should n't be surprised if they come to feel like they 've been had .
A grubby-looking comedy about the art of the sale .
At a karaoke performance , Ready calls a Jonah Hill look-a-like in the audience `` Superbad , '' but the joke comes off as an act of jealousy .
The Goods ' vulgarity is not new or clever or even comically shocking . It is , instead , prosaic and repetitive .
A movie so vulgar even babies and angels from heaven appearing in the film are cursing .
a raucous comedy that adheres to the one-joke-pony structure ... except the talent Brennan attracts is stronger , and the jokes his screenwriters attempt are more obscure .
Struggling to fill out its 80 minutes before the final codas , The Goods has the definitive feel of a film that has been chopped up and left for dead . Of course you have to wonder how bad the cut footage is if this is all we 're seeing .
I am not about to say that the new comedy The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard is a good movie . What I am going to say is that it is funny , sometimes very , very funny .
I 'm harboring a grudge against this movie for wasting an evening of my life . Do n't let it rob you of one of yours .
The funniest thing about `` The Goods '' is that the presence of James Brolin pretty much ensures that Barbra Streisand will have to sit through it at least once .
The movie gores many sacred cows , insulting families , capitalism , sexual responsibility , political correctness and smoking bans , with glee if not originality .
If cash for clunkers applied to films , The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard would be eligible . Its rusty comedy comes factory-installed with faulty gags , badly in need of a tune-up .
As film starts taking itself more and more seriously , it becomes less fun and more formulaic and tiresome .
Despite a few chuckles , this loud , obvious and raunchy comedy suffers from a worse fate than its cheesiness - it 's utterly forgettable .
This is slash and burn , shock and awe comedy and it 's cheery outrageousness makes enough of it work to , in Don Ready 's terms , make the sale .
Exists in a world where people still care about boy bands and Bo Bice is the hot new thing on American Idol .
Most of The Goods just sits there , a lumpen load of dullness .
The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard could have been more agonizing to sit through . As is , it is merely a disposable failure . The film just wanders along , complacent and insincere as it heads down a dead-end street .
An aggressively hard-sell of a loud , abrasive comedy .
A project about selling used cars invites abuse , but the movie indeed runs out of gas , squandering a wealth of comedy talent mostly associated with television .
A mean-spirited nightmare of throwaway gags .
Swings spastically for guffaws and jolts , but it 's more successful at eliciting blank stares or , during certain sequences , complete disbelief that something this jumbled and directionless could find a theatrical release .
The Goods has its exuberant moments . But the people behind the camera do n't appear to know what they 're doing as well as those in front of it .
Funny ideas bubble up from time to time only to disappear into a morass of stripper jokes and desperation .
It 's just too bad The Goods does n't give Piven the opportunity to shine like those freshly polished cars he pushes so well
Making copy editors ' lives everywhere easier : The Goods does n't deliver .
The film 's tone , however , never fully congeals .
It delivers the goods and then some .
The Goods is a cheerfully energetically and very vulgar comedy . If you 're okay with that , you may be okay with this film , which contains a lot of laughs and has studied Political Correctness only enough to make a list of groups to offend .
It 's just repetitive , adolescent and lame .
Mostly just feels stale , leaning on jokes about boy bands and MC Hammer and a plot recycled from the already recycled parts of stuff like Hot Rod .
Despite a cast stocked with comedy ringers , everyone flails about aimlessly , as if trying to get through the experience as quickly and painlessly as possible .
The comedy concept is solid ... It 's the execution that 's out of alignment in The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard .
It 's an unconscionable waste of talent , an immediate embarrassment for Jeremy Piven , Ving Rhames , David Koechner , Ed Helms and Tony Hale . Who knows how much they got paid , but if it was n't a lot , they were robbed .
It 's a car-selling comedy that plays like a backfiring Bentley -- a shiny ride that runs in fits and starts , never quite hitting on all cylinders .



@highlight

Despite the talent in front of and behind the camera , The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard largely misfires , proving a squandered opportunity for all involved .