This is James Bond done by Channel 5 , with all the tension and sophistication of the Victoria Beckham kidnap plot .
Making the transition from long-arc TV series to 100-minute feature film is no simple matter , but they 've accomplished it with some skill here .
Dreary thriller about British spook .
There 's a lot to commend in Spooks : The Greater Good , but at the end of the day it offers nothing new to the genre and it 's big-screen adaptation just needed to be more daring and step out of the confines of television .
Ultimately , it 's Firth 's film , and he ensures it 's never less than thoroughly watchable .
Can an enduring , hardy British television show make it on the big screen ?
It 's difficult to call it great , more like Spooks : The Quite Good .
Spooks : The Greater Good , though nothing entirely new , is a pacy , well-crafted spy-thriller that certainly matches the competition .
`` MI-5 '' is no action b-movie classic , but it manages to weave a complex and compelling narrative knot , mix in some absorbing musings about the nature of doing right and following orders , and pack in some nail-biting shoot outs .
There 's a surplus of double-dealings , plot twists and international locales to justify the theatrical treatment .
A film that , like most of its ilk these days , is more interested in action than motivation .
Nalluri confronts the familiarity of it all with commitment to speed and a general awareness that while his effort is n't going to look like a blockbuster , it can periodically play like one .
A dreary direct-to-video-grade adventure that should have been terminated before it ever began .
Written , shot and cut to the demands of TV . Dull and cluttered with over-the-top intrigues .
Led by the honorably dour Firth and the charisma-free Harington , MI-5 is convoluted and dull ...
If you can overlook the film 's weaker elements , however , then Spooks still entertains consistently enough to make it a genre entry worth investing time in , whether or not you 've previously been a fan of the series .
This may be bereft of the bombast that Americans expect from their spy adventures , but as a modern spin on a John Le Carré-style thriller , it 's a stylish and smart action film .
The big screen proves an unforgiving canvas : for both the show 's hitherto high-end production values and its topical urgency .
The film passes the time perfectly tolerably , but it is no more comfortable in this less intimate medium than were ancient movie versions of The Sweeney and Callan .
A solidly entertaining espionage thriller ; not up there in the first rank of spy movies but a decent enough placeholder to keep fans of the genre happy until the next James Bond .
It 's nonsense , but there 's fun to be had in the endless double-crosses , and fans of the TV show 's trademark gruff face-offs wo n't feel disappointed .
`` Undone by sentimentality , '' grumbles a senior secret agent in `` Spooks : The Greater Good , '' having been foiled when a long-favored rendezvous location proves a trap . He might as well be talking about the film itself .
In the end it does not feel much different from an above-par television episode but then that is probably no bad thing and it does leave you wishing that British film-makers would make better use of an old reliable such as Peter Firth .
It does n't exactly soar and the lack of levity grates , yet the Spooks movie still delivers some appealingly old-school mayhem ...
There 's an awful lot of to-ing and fro-ing across a rain sodden capital shot in steely greys yet this non-stop action fails to disguise bizarre motivations and plot holes as big as the London Eye .
It struggles to fill the screen . It gives me no pleasure to write this .
You would n't want to downplay the pleasure Spooks fans may derive from this return trip - however iffy - down a fast-disappearing stretch of memory lane . But you could drive in circles around a multi-storey car park in Staines and feel edgier .
Spooks addicts will probably be satisfied , but those used to the ambition and mega-budgets of Bourne and Bond may feel shortchanged .
The big-screen spin-off from TV 's Spooks is an old-fashioned affair -- a ripping yarn with more than a hint of John Buchan about it .
Here 's a thriller involving a huge amount of talking , sprinting and fighting and more sprinting .
Far too routine and neither big nor smart enough to justify its big screen incarnation .
A ridiculous , rote action thriller , but that does n't mean it is n't entertaining , crammed with all sorts of macho emoting and spy nonsense as it is .
There is a lot of scope in rebranding the MI5 on film , away from the traditionalist tropes of 007 , and vie for a more naturalistic take - but sadly Spooks : The Greater Good fails to deliver
Even if the film ca n't match Hollywood for spectacle , there 's a sobering sense of the painful sacrifices facing those who toil to keep us safe from harm .
Honestly this is very enjoyable , but cinematically pedestrian , looking and feeling like a long TV episode .
A decent , mid-list spy thriller , suspended somewhere between le Carré and Bond but with a budgetary austerity in keeping with UK government spending cuts that keeps it out of the real high-stakes game .
Smart , stylish , tense and reassuringly preposterous , it 's a fitting addition to the series and a rollicking spy movie in its own right .
For fans after a nostalgic hit from a beloved TV show of yesteryear this will hit the mark , for the rest it could be a case of spy movie burnout .
This tense , taut and intelligently plotted British thriller makes more generic instalments in the genre - like Jack Ryan : Shadow Recruit - seem like a dumb jock movie .

@highlight

MI-5 -LRB- Spooks : The Greater Good -RRB- is a stylish , albeit rather perfunctory , adaptation of a spy thriller perhaps best left on the small screen .