The film takes sex , a cliché of horror , and uses it to charge a narrative that is smart and compelling and boasts a soundtrack so hypnotic it elevates the intensity on every level .
It Follows still impresses as a savvy but sincere exercise in sustained tension-building and release-more of a machine than a film , maybe , but a finely wrought one .
It 's a game I 'd be happy to play again .
Yet even though It Follows fails to entirely convince whenever it most closely adheres to genre trappings , the underlying notes of tenderness and sadness are as acutely rendered as they were in -LSB- writer/director David Robert -RSB- Mitchell 's first feature .
It Follows is unnerving without being bloody , and more than this , that it cleverly inverts the sexual politics on which so much popular culture , most especially the horror film , often depends .
It Follows is more than just a terrifying horror movie - it 's a heady and heartbreaking exploration of both sexually transmitted disease and sexual abuse , and an unexpectedly poignant riff on the classic coming-of-age narrative .
Most horror films tap into a variety of fears , and It Follows is no exception .
After the striking visuals burnt through the screen , however , the structure underneath was more bark than bite .
Horror is at its best when it gives you something to think about along with your creeps . The new film It Follows , fits that bill quite well . It also happens to be one of the scariest movies this year .
It Follows is an incredibly evolved , joyously alive piece of `` dead teenager '' cinema that likely requires a few viewings to properly assimilate its rhythms .
Has no qualm about paralyzing the audience in deafening silence and then unleashing fearful episodes in very gradual doses .
It Follows is too uneven to fully recommend , but it does contain some of the most disturbing horror imagery . Far from the best horror movie of the year , it is still a vital reminder of how boundary-pushing American genre movies used to be .
It Follows is classical horror , and deserves to be sculpted into the Mount Rushmore of horror alongside other greats .
It Follows embodies the dreamlike , sensual hum of a foreign film and a concrete narrative indicative of American cinema .
It Follows is very much worth investigating , but like so many of its genre it does lose its way slightly at the very end .
If you 've enjoyed The Conjuring and The Babadook then get yourself down to It Follows
It Follows is miles and away better than a lot of the low-budget horror that abuses the eyeballs of genre fans , but it 's not good enough to be worth the time of people who are n't already into horror -LRB- like The Babadook is -RRB- .
This impressive throwback to 80s slasher flicks is packing houses for good reason .
It 's a brilliant concept , tapping the same primitive fears -- body horror , burgeoning sexuality -- that underpinned the slasher genre , while reining in the wanton misogyny .
Last year 's brilliant The Babadook set a new bar for horror movies this decade and yet , six months later , that mark has been reached by It Follows .
A tonic to the spate of `` found footage '' and shaky-cam horror films ... this is a carefully designed film that recalls the visual control of John Carpenter 's early horror films , especially the way it tracks movement within carefully composed shots .
This is a ghost film whose strength is in the overwhelming air of melancholy . Nothing is scarier , or sadder , than when you have to look back over your shoulder all your life .
You will leave the cinema looking over your shoulder - and if you see a girl in a yellow dress , just run .
The best little horror movie since last year 's acclaimed hit The Babadook .
Little more than a love note to John Carpenter , forgoing invention in favor of full-on homage .
The genius of It Follows lies in the simplicity of its set-up . ... In Mitchell 's intensely creepy movie , the dread only keeps on building until the end .
It Follows is a slow and unnerving horror film that builds masterfully ; it treats its characters and its audiences intelligently , offering layers beyond the usual horror tropes .
Orchestrating a number of jump scares with surprising grace , the film quotes John Carpenter with its scope lensing , yet also earns the comparison .
It is low-tech stylish , which gives it its convincing power .
There is something in Mitchell 's work that deeply affects us , for he knows how to tap our deepest fear of being left alone and helpless , and push us to face the ultimate dread that we wo n't know how to deal with it .
It Follows represents a compelling evolution in how studios and audiences can -LRB- and should -RRB- conceive of its monsters .
The horror of the new century , bet to the subtlety of the faceless monster , but is not less scary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like the best horror films It Follows will stay with you , making you look afresh at those trailing behind . It 'll take you back to your own teenage years , reminding you what a terrifying world it can be when the adults step back .
While the idea might sound slightly ridiculous , Jay and her friends are all so authentic that this stylish flick remains totally believable throughout .
No question that the storytelling here is impressive ; the story itself , however , is a bit thin .
This is a movie you need to see right now .
It 's a testament to how scary a movie It Follows is that for days after watching it , you walk around thinking up survival plans - should you hide , stay on the move forever , pass the haunting on to someone else ?
A good old-fashioned spooky tale that forces us to confront the inevitability of death and asks what we would do if we could see it coming .
With a great handle of fear and paranoia , also with the awesome dark and blue photography , Mitchell creates an atmosphere so tense that you can feel the despair in his characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the best horror films in years .
The photography , sound and feel of the film conjure up a threadbare and tawdry world . Detroit 's outer environs are seedy and slumish . It 's oddly claustrophobic to its teenage inhabitants , despite being devoid of functioning adults .
Horror fans might be surprised at the lack of gory action , and yet those willing to let this one work its eerie magic should find that it follows them home .
It 's been a while since a movie made me feel that way , but David Robert Mitchell 's It Follows creates that kind of constant anxiety .
A mixture of ignorance , helplessness , horror and suspense as a final connection with the American purest horror , sex is a fundamental ingredient . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It Follows is a rare movie these days , an original horror movie that actually takes itself seriously . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Uma obra que comprova que , nas mãos de um bom diretor , um longa de terror é uma obra de arte tão digna e memorável quanto o mais lacrimoso dos dramas de época .
Anyone who makes horror films should be inspired by movies like It Follows .
This sort of depth helps make It Follows that rare thing , a horror film that improves on a second viewing .
Monroe is fantastic in the lead , showing us Jay 's evolution from skeptic to believer to calculating survivor , and Mitchell has thought his monster through to the last detail .
It Follows is the real deal .
Mitchell successfully balances scares with provocative analysis complete with a minimalist tone , all the while establishing himself as a master of the widescreen visual , expertly capturing his `` walking dread '' no matter which direction it comes from .
One of the most provocative horror films in recent history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB- .
A refined and elegant version of a typical teen horror movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the few horror films that does justice to the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the best horror films in recent years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It builds up great tension between the protagonist and `` it , '' toying with the spectator in a subtle way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perfectly captures the theme of teenage angst and the stylized visuals are reminiscent of '80s horror films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not that scary , but it 's beautifully crafted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB- .
A great work in atmosphere with solid emotional impact . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The best I 've seen of the genre all year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It Follows is like nothing you 've seen in the genre : it 's well crafted , beautiful and it 's visually stunning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An exceptional horror film , one that focuses on innocence lost , and the cruelty of our world ...
Not much seems to be going on under the hood .
A low-octane horror film that gets under your skin and stays there . It 's hard to forget `` It Follows . ''
The American breakout horror hit has a few things going for it .
An artful-but-still-terrifying metaphor for the alien world of adulthood , that sense you have as a teen that the world is out to get you , and no one is going to help you .
The only control the teenagers have in the situation is to pass on the curse - and increase their sexual guilt tenfold . It 's a brilliantly clean metaphor , not just for sexual nervousness , but also the transience of youth .
Ultimately an excellent technical exercise , more interested in sustaining a mood and feeling than exploring the truly scary ideas rattling around beneath the surface of this story .
It Follows is a classy , scary horror show : Pass it on .
Mitchell is much more interested in creating an atmosphere of absolute dread that builds and builds , until your nerves are rattled and shattered . And that uneasy sense of foreboding will linger long after you 've exited the theater .
It Follows is intelligent and terrifying , an instant genre classic .
Like Jennifer Kent 's masterful The Babadook , It Follows is anchored by excellent performances and layered with subtext .
It Follows is without doubt the scariest movie you will see this year . And probably next year , too .
... more concerned with the psychology of horror than the blood and guts , as the film preys on common fears and paranoia without turning manipulative or sacrificing tension .
Earns its place on the list of classic horrors by honouring what came before while staking out bold new ground .
The film has style , has panache , and a strong vision ... It uses Detroit beautifully , evoking chilling foreboding from rows of deserted houses shot from the car 's POV in an autumnal dread .
In It Follows , sexual activity has metaphysical implications .
The fright film du jour succeeds as both cautionary teen allegory and unnerving blend of ` Blue Velvet ' and the underground ` Deadgirl ' ... an instant cult classic !
Even on its own kooky , spooky terms there are lapses in plausibility here that even the most forgiving horror fan will spot , but they are more than compensated by the film 's sheer number of quality shocks .
Conceived in a way that allows these clichés to be subverted , transforming ... safe havens into being more dangerous and terrifying than any of the tropes themselves .
Last year it was The Babadook , but 2015 's must-see horror film is this chic American indie .
While I did n't find myself particularly frightened by the film as many have suggested , I marveled at the gorgeous cinematography , retro score , and use of location .
The performances by the fresh-faced newcomers are spot on .
That ceaseless slow march will likely become 2015 's scariest image .
Ultimately , rather than sex , what seems threatening here is impending adulthood in all its dimensions , and in its floaty , insubstantial way , It Follows catches some of the mingled excitement and terror of growing up .
It 's brilliant .
It Follows is well worth a look and if you go in not expecting the second coming of horror , you 'll likely have a good time with this unique , slowburn supernatural fable .
The setting is contemporary crumbling Detroit , yet there 's a strong '70s and '80s vibe , with some dreamy visuals -LRB- above ground swimming pools , cherry red bitten-down fingernails -RRB- and a creepy electro synth score by Disasterpeace .
A kind of art-house horror movie , an allegory about AIDS and , believe it or not , a love story , ` It Follows ' is one of a kind .
Mitchell and his cast really make it work , and the soundtrack coats the whole thing in a sort of beautiful dread
There 's a chance you might , at night , catch yourself looking over your shoulder more than once after watching this .
So this is when I am going to break from the critical chorus of praise . It Follows was n't flawless for me - and perhaps a victim of its own hype in that regard .
It Follows is bold , provocative , original , artfully made , perfectly acted , and creepy as hell .
The next time some old lady starts following you with an emotionless stare on her face , you are going to lose your mind .
It Follows has an impressively sustained sense of dread , less explicit gore than measured tension . Mitchell slyly inverts the conventions of dead-meat teenager flicks , although not with wink-wink comedy like the Scream series .
Formally and visually it is a work of real craftsmanship , and it displays a conscious understanding of the paradoxes of the heart that the horror genre plumbs so well .
`` Follows '' Fails to Follow Through
It 's a wildly fun conceit ... Mitchell 's atmospheric rendering of It Follows gives the film a fanciful , otherworldly feel .
Easily the best horror film I 've seen since `` The Cabin in Woods '' -LRB- 2012 -RRB- , `` It Follows '' is an instant classic .
This is a genuinely creepy movie with a few scary moments , mostly caused by sudden , loud noises and quick film cuts . The landscape of urban decay is used to good effect . The raggedy edges of Detroit look like row upon row of haunted houses .
The perfect viewer for It Follows is one who wants to see the unsettling things that happen when genres and their expectations collide .
Even though the setup creates little more than variations on the same basic threat , the film maintains a rigorous tension that is as unrelenting as the ambiguous monstrosity that keeps coming at us .
Tense , creepy , filled with dread ... . We 're not afraid of what the characters are afraid of . We 're just AFRAID .
What the movie acknowledges is that the biological imperative that perpetuates the human race carries its own curse of mortality -- that the act of reproduction passes on both the gift of life and a death sentence .
... both memorable and controversial , inspiring the kind of water cooler horror-fan talk that the ` The Ring ' managed to generate before it was diluted with all the sequels .
Good horror films rely on suspense and tension , and this one has both elements aplenty .
It Follows has a unique concept that somehow combines elements from some of your favorite supernatural films with cult classic slashers , but the appeal wears off due to its sluggishness . It comes nowhere near the hype it is receiving .
The film might not be as deep as it aspires to be , but It Follows is one retro horror movie that 's quite creepy and has style to spare .
Even when you strip away the subtext and symbolism , It Follows is just a genuinely creepy movie .
It Follows specifically pays tribute to Carpenter 's horror precedent in its middle-class setting , its likable characters and its spare , nerve-fraying musical soundtrack .
Remember , kids , when you have sex , you 're having sex with every person they 've ever had sex with . And also with a demon stalking all of you .
The better things in `` It Follows '' are a tempting tease for what the film 's young director will do next .
Stylish filmmaking , invigorating and delightfully creepy .
... unique and arresting .
`` It Follows '' is the creepiest movie in years .
Less a conventional scary horror film than a fitful , disturbing dream , It Follows is all about atmosphere , with an unsettling soundscape and dislocating widescreen imagery .
Despite that title -- and the debt owed to 1970s cinema , most glaringly in the film 's creepy techno-organ score -- It Follows largely charts its own path .
It Follows manages to bend the rules of fateful juvenile sexuality , and does so in a manner that genuinely tingles the spine and disturbs the mind .
It Follows builds terror that finds its scares through all the earmarks of a very vivid nightmare .
It 's hard not to share Jay 's mounting panic as she watches the thing in its various guises walking slowly toward her wherever she may be , invisible to everyone else and entirely intent on destroying her .
It succeeds as a thriller , with performances that strike a grave , quiet tone suited to the film 's wide shots , long takes and carefully cultivated mood of foreboding .
Writer/director David Robert Mitchell forms a provocative filmic world of slowly unfolding secrets , creating a highly disturbing , highly recommended nightmare .
It horrifies . It disturbs . It rules .
I wanted to follow it , too .
It Follows has style to burn , and the cinematography , coupled with a nuanced , synth-heavy soundtrack keeps ratcheting up the tension in smart and creative ways .
The matters of sex and lost innocence work like a thematic undertow , pulling the characters down into the dark , psychological depths .
Promises more than it delivers , but engrossing throughout .
It 's about many things , but dread infuses them all . You wo n't be grossed out . You 'll be creeped out . And that 's a lot more satisfying .
There 's just enough detail to the movie 's mythology to make it hold together , and just enough left unexplained to make things genuinely eerie .
Every once in a while a low-budget indie fright flick comes along that makes everything on the major studios ' horror plate look like a pile of steaming crap .
Accomplished work , always interesting to watch , but it does n't quite live up to its potential , finding Mitchell scrambling to reclaim suspense lost to budgetary and thespian limitation .
One of those rare scary machines where everything just clicks together , with a ferociously single-minded rightness that keeps the nerves in a state of high , perpetual thrum .
While I do n't quite think that David Robert Mitchell 's It Follows is one of the scariest movies ever made , it is certainly one of the most unsettling .
It 's all made more powerful and paranoia-inducing because the shuffling stalkers could be anyone , anytime , anywhere . They 're as inexplicable as they are impossible to escape .
Mitchell reshapes tried-and-true scare conventions - teens in peril , a relentless malevolent force , jarring soundtrack - into an unexpectedly unique creepfest . And his riffs on sex and adulthood are refreshing in their allegorical complexity .
Most of it evokes the attacks on lust that flourished in Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho and The Birds and that were rampant in the high school nightmare movies of the 1970s and 1980s .
Brilliant genre filmmaking , nicely sinister camera moves , excellent cast , superbly terrifying score by Disasterpeace .
It Follows is both scary enough to please horror fans and deep enough to inspire term papers .
`` It Follows '' is a truly electrifying , even hair-raising horror film . But it does n't rely on gore to jangle our nerves . It merely preys on our imagination .
Delivers enough scares for those looking for them . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
It Follows is as scary as it is because , in part , it does n't try to be scary .
Mitchell 's skills in crafting mood and building tension result in one of the most mesmerizing and suspenseful horror movies to come along in a long time .
Follows is an effective pastiche but a studied one ; by the end , even its ambiguities feel overdetermined .
A sophisticated twist on the standard `` have sex and die '' themes of maniac movies from the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Where most teen horror movies revel in the peer group splintering and getting slaughtered , this one is more interested in how people gather around a loved one and shield her from harm .
Jennifer Kent 's The Babadook , from last year , turned parenthood into the scariest story of all , and now comes David Robert Mitchell 's It Follows , which merges paranoia and teen sexuality into an exercise in delicious dread .
An assured piece of filmmaking that works as both a horror movie and a coming-of-age story .
Mitchell conjures up plenty of eerie atmospherics - the camerawork and `` Halloween '' - esque score are excellent - but the film never reaches terrifying heights .
`` It Follows '' is one of the scariest movies I 've ever seen . It 's also one of the most beautiful .
Creates a quiet just waiting to be pierced , observing the experience of being young and finding normalcy punctured by something new and potentially scary .
It Follows deserves to be a hit ; it 's the pearl you search through loads of home-brewed horror to find .
Michael Gioulakis 's cinematography , more art-house than genre with its eerie pools of light at night , brings an arrestingly static , tableau-like quality that echoes the highly staged scenarios of Gregory Crewdson 's photos .
... David Robert Mitchell 's It Follows stands out as one of the stronger horror offerings of recent years .
Not since Freddy Krueger stalked teenagers in their sleep have I felt so completely like the poor kids on screen had nowhere to run , and nowhere to hide .
From the opening moments , the one thing clear about It Follows is that it will not follow in everyone else 's footsteps .
It Follows is itself a film that thrives in the borders , not so much about the horror that leaps out in front of you , but the deeper anxiety that waits at the verge of consciousness .
Written and directed by David Robert Mitchell , It Follows is the latest in a long line of sex-as-horror flicks that somehow grounds its terror both in reality and in the otherworldly , making this a smart and thought-provoking movie .
A wonderful horror film .
An intricate piece of work that derives its significant scares out of sheer cinematic bravado .
It 's an undeniable triumph of mood - perfect for anyone who wants to practice clenching their fists for nearly 100 straight minutes - as well as an ambitious effort at reinventing horror by eschewing the genre 's common tricks .
Mitchell pulls off a tricky balance with his ingenious response to 80 's horror films where teenage sex meant death and monsters walked leafy suburban streets in broad daylight by presenting his original , nightmarish idea via an homage to John Carpenter .
`` It Follows '' is not really about sex , but an unbearable , unsinkable mood that descends when you come of age , and never completely dissipates , not even after climactic sexual , or other violent acts .
Unlike many working in this genre , Mitchell does n't punish young women for having sex : This is a gender-blind demonic delivery vehicle .
My whole life I 've been a horror-movie freak , and I 've rarely been as scared as I was at It Follows . But it was n't a fun kind of scare . It was the so-upset-I-feel-sick kind of amorphous dread .
A creepy , counterintuitive fright fest that puts a perverse spin on the meaning of getting lucky .
`` It Follows '' pretty much earns its buzz as the scariest and best-engineered American horror movie of recent years , and that 's all down to Mitchell 's sophisticated understanding of technique and the trust and freedom he accords his youthful cast .
One more stylish reminder of how readily we the people can be creeped out .
-LSB- A -RSB- smart , relentlessly chilling thriller that opts for originality over cheaply rejiggered jolts .
A dizzyingly tense and creepy workout .
A beautifully shot , nicely acted , oddly multilayered movie . And one based on the simplest scare of all : Do n't look now , but something 's behind you .
Can one perfectly-executed shot redeem the less successful earlier attempts ? In this case , after the initial awe wears off , the effect is the opposite : it only makes you realize how much more there was to mine from Mitchell 's premise all along .
It Follows is yet another example of how smart the indie horror game is these days .
Rather than breaking new ground , `` It Follows '' recycles familiar teenage horror tropes - a girl alone in a house , evil forces banging on a door - but its mood is dreamy . Seldom do you feel manipulated by exploitative formulas .
Agreeably unsettling if not the terrifying experience some have claimed .
-LSB- A -RSB- teen slasher with one killer hook
There are ordinary homages and then there are high-quality cinematic mix tapes like It Follows .
It Follows may have a pretty terrifying premise - the kind of story that urban legends are born from - but it 's much scarier in concept than execution .
The creature 's terrifying persistence taps into a base fear that audiences may not have felt this strongly since Romero 's slow-moving living dead first shambled onto screen .
Writer-director David Robert Mitchell has clearly studied up on John Carpenter . But Mitchell has his own twisted gift for letting atmosphere help define character . It Follows creeps you out big-time .
The film turns its viewers into paranoid spectators , scanning the frame for signs of trouble .
With long-building fears and sudden shocks both in profusion , It Follows is one of the better horror films in recent memory precisely because it turns the border between the everyday and the supernatural into a knife-edge that cuts deep into your fears .
In love with old-school John Carpenter scares , this film will unsettle you from its first moments . Some of its ideas are just as chilling as its shocks .
The most fun will be in dissecting it afterwards . Film school professors , look forward to a decade of term papers .
A radically fresh , hair-raisingly inventive take on a thought-worn subgenre . In spite of its stop-and-start narrative structure , few motion pictures achieve the level of usurping dread that `` It Follows '' manages .
Mitchell puts a twist on familiar tropes , enhanced by Rich Vreeland 's eerily atmospheric electronic score and witty references to horror-meisters from George A. Romero to John Carpenter .
If the kids think this is the scariest thing ever , then so be it .
Mitchell 's deft handling of relationships gets threaded into an ingenious and exceedingly skillful creepshow .
A `` dead teenager movie '' that gives teenagers , and others , a moral dilemma to ponder ? Hair-raising . Literally .
A relentless working of the nerves done with techniques cribbed from the avant-garde .
`` It Follows '' is a fine title , blending a logician 's briskness with the job description of a stalker , and David Robert Mitchell , the writer and director , has fun with his various predators .
Though visionary , David Robert Mitchell 's film abounds in undigested ideas and dubious sexual politics .
Part 2 will surely establish the monster has a twitter account .
As kind to its audience as it is to its characters .
The crash-bang-wallop set pieces are economically choreographed and efficiently edited , but their real weight comes from the sense of brooding menace established in interim sequences in which not very much appears to be happening .
This is horror boiled down to its bones .
The remorseless antagonist is genuinely horrifying , all the more so because its malignity is seemingly motiveless .
Mitchell is sensitive to the complicated nuances of teenage friendship , rooting the horror in relationships that are believable and affecting .
This brilliantly unsettling , determinedly awkward film confirms that there is plenty of life in the high-end horror movie .
Wait . Really ? Horror movies are still doing the punishing-girls-for-having-sex thing ? Ah , but this is 80s retro , so it 's ` okay , ' then .
Acted on me as all good horror films should , generating that prickly shiver through the shoulders and into the neck .
Mitchell 's skill is to take this prosaic truism and turn it into poetry that is as terrifying and seductive as the score -LRB- by Disasterpeace -RRB- , which ranges from the plaintively melancholy to crunchy , distorted walls of electronic noise .
The ingenious new teen horror film It Follows will intrigue , puzzle and trouble audiences by turns .
The first thing that strikes you about It Follows is that it 's a film made with love . And that 's something that you infrequently get to say about horror films .
You wo n't see anything more scary this year . Unless it sees you first .
Just when it seemed that there would never be another original teen horror movie comes this rough-edged but pleasingly creepy American indie ...
A first-rate horror movie , It Follows adds a new monster to the pantheon .
It Follows unremittingly pursues the two greatest themes in both art and life , as its adolescent kids learn to stave off with sex , however temporarily , the ineluctable approach of death .
I do n't think I have ever had a nightmare quite as scary as this film - a modern classic of fear to be compared to something by a young Carpenter or De Palma .
With an inventive retro style , writer-director David Robert Mitchell offers an enjoyable riff on the teen horror movie ...
It wo n't let you go and you ca n't shake it off . Whether you like it or not .
A horror film that will haunt your waking hours for weeks . Every frame of It Follows is stamped with nameless dread .
Passive and relentless , familiar and terrifying , predictable and shocking - and impossible to shake off .
A sense of dread envelopes every scene thanks to combination of Mitchell 's slow , measured tracking shots and the stunning score from Disasterpeace .
A bold , terrifying attack of cinema , immersive on the levels of imagery both beautiful and grotesque , and scares from the shallowest to the most pervasive .
Mitchell 's measured camera movements and dedication to slow burn scares with big , terrifying payoffs are worth the price of admission alone .
Go into It Follows oblivious of what you 're about to see and you 'll exit terrified . It lingers .
Though visionary , It Follows abounds in undigested ideas and dubious sexual politics .
It Follows is a lot like sex ; even when it 's kind of bad it 's still pretty good .
There 's a primal fear at work here - everyone gets nervous about being followed - and even though the monster is fiction , I suspect the anxiety may pursue the viewer home .
A hauntingly original and genuinely unsettling take on familiar spooky elements that ultimately does n't quite hang together and might even alienate hardcore horror fans .
Suspenseful , atmospheric and spine-tingling horror cinema which nods at the masters and completely astounds as it manages the tough feat of being striking , sensitive and utterly disturbing .
A low budget horror that injects new blood into the genre 's evergreen ` teen sex has horrifying consequences ' trope .
It 's not about why things happen so much as it 's about why those things can be frightening .
A lot of horror movies use sex , or talk about sex , or even talk about how other horror movies use sex , but very few get to the root of what 's actually scary about it .
... one of the most inventive , exciting , and truly frightening horror flicks to come around in ages .
Despite all the fun-to-unpack ideas swirling around Mitchell 's premise , this is first and foremost a showcase for his considerable talents as a widescreen visual stylist ...
David Robert Mitchell 's idea might be the definition of `` Slow Burn '' , but besides a few insignificant pacing issues , It Follows is a horrific work of art with a fresh , rewarding concept .
Truly unsettling . One of the best horror movies to come along in a while .
Starting off strong before losing its way in the end , this stylish , suspenseful chiller should significantly broaden Mitchell 's audience without disappointing his early supporters in the slightest .
Refreshingly unironic in its retro vibe -LRB- it nods to the classics , but never winks -RRB- , for us It Follows worked like gangbusters as an exercise in atmosphere and allusion ...
Canny manipulation of tone , atmosphere and tension makes this a satisfying little horror movie .
Tender , remarkably ingenious and scalp-pricklingly scary .
Plays the teen horror conventions skillfully - and attractively ...
It 's a work that manages to be both old school and very fresh , a wonderfully restrained film that still packs quite a punch .

@highlight

Smart , original , and above all terrifying , It Follows is the rare modern horror film that works on multiple levels -- and leaves a lingering sting .