Nowar makes good use of the Wolfgang Thaler 's experienced camera and the open canvas reminds us of the classic western ...
Nowar uses the Wadi Rum setting in much the same way as American director John Ford used Monument Valley : as an iconic symbol , but also as such a dominant presence that it takes on the importance of character ... .
The epic and the intimate combine impressively in Jordanian director Naji Abu Nowar 's debut feature Theeb .
Part of what makes Theeb such a breath of fresh air is that it narrows its focus , examining a group of individuals -LRB- and one in particular -RRB- rather than getting stuck in well-meaning liberal `` typicality . ''
Come for a trip to gorgeous vistas in faraway lands ; stay for the character drama
The premise is beautifully executed , with a level of tension and unpredictability that builds and builds until the end .
The first movie from Jordan to be nominated for a foreign-language Oscar , Theeb is a stark and affecting drama about a boy growing up fast in the face of war .
Nowar operates with the understanding that less is more , and proves that you can make a strong film without dumb contrivances such as exposition and cliched character arcs .
A beautifully crafted coming-of-age drama that also doubles as a ` Bedouin Western ' .
A movie that combines direct and crude violence with an intimate story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An honest and fair portrait of a culture . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An exotic movie that does n't feel like a film debut . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The geopolitical complexities running underneath this period story will reverberate into the 21st century .
A coming-of-age story told with a genuine feeling for the vast , unyielding desert and an eye for the uncertainties of adolescence .
A gorgeous , cracking adventure with a smart ring of authenticity , full of pulpy twists and perils , and with a sweetly naive but gruffly charming young hero .
Young al-Hwietat is impressive at conveying the physical and moral trials Theeb faces in a basic survival narrative .
The result is a poignant story that will make you think and a beautiful landscape that will make you marvel .
Theeb is a delightful surprise . It 's not boring . It 's not shallow . It 's not predictable .
Theeb 's greatest distinction lies in its reliance on the misunderstood .
An inversion of Lawrence of Arabia -- a film told from the perspective of Arab bedouins rather than colonial adventurers , a scrappy coming of age story rather than a grand tale of epic , colonial ambitions .
The humanistic and intriguing Theeb is a debut feature , which is startling . It certainly does n't resemble one . It 's a film loaded with period detail , interpreted through character interaction .
The effectiveness of the story hinges largely on Al-Hwietat , whose performance is both convincing wide-eyed and complex .
Comes from an unfamiliar place but touches on universal themes ... a fascinating and moving film , and an auspicious debut for its director .
An intense coming-of-age and survival tale set in the desert that is both awesome and harrowing .
The burden rests on Eid 's shoulders , and he more than carries it . He 's a natural , showing us Theeb 's curiosity , loyalty and ingenuity while still retaining the innocence of a boy who has been sheltered from the world outside the desert .
A tightly wound little film that resonates deeply : as a coming-of-age story , as a historical drama , and as a myth about the beginnings of the modern world .
First-time director Naji Abu Nowar rehearsed his largely nonprofessional cast for almost a year before shooting began , and as the title character , Jacir Eid beautifully conveys a mix of emotions , from wonder to fear to determination .
Nowar 's story and locations carry the viewer along a journey of life and death . His pacing allows for the emotions associated with both to be absorbed and digested completely . It is a film journey well worth taking .
Theeb is a frustrating , undeniably beautiful piece of art that gets a lot of things right and a few crucial things wrong
The further this strikingly assured debut feature by the British-born director Naji Abu Nowar goes along , the more it seems a metaphor for fierce self-determination - an origin story for Middle Eastern discontents .
Viewed from the perspective of this young Bedouin , Theeb presages both the treacherous partitioning of Arab lands at the end of the Great War , as well as all the terrible echoes of the colonialism that continue to plague us today .
It 's not the strongest film , but for showing an exotic world through a young boy 's eyes , it 's pretty good .
Much is foretold by Thaler 's use of light and space , Salameh Al-Sweilhiyeen disappearing into the landscape not once , but twice , rock formations forming passages into the unknown .
A disarmingly complex boyhood adventure with no shortage of tension or harsh beauty , `` Theeb '' marks a winning debut feature for co-writer and director Naji Abu Nowar .
As the quiet , compact vessel for roiling fears and ambivalence , Al-Hwietat 's Theeb winds up being a strikingly memorable character , whose deceptively simple tale possesses both haunting power and a whiff of prescient pessimism .
Nowar overcomes every obstacle in style . He 's an upcoming talent to take note of .
The simplicity of its narrative and the stark beauty of its landscape make `` Theeb '' something close to a Mideastern Western . You 'd just have to trade the dromedaries for palominos and the desert tunics for ponchos .
Dramatically gripping , the movie offers stunning scenery , believable characters played largely by nonprofessionals , and a valuable picture of the consequences of colonialism .
A modest classic .
A cautionary tale about survival - and keeping one 's enemies in their place .
Theeb 's stunning cinematography , quietly profound performances , and familiar Western-movie themes make this world one you 'll want to inhabit for an hour and 40 minutes .
The desert in Theeb feels intimate , rough , real . You can run your hands through the sand and feel the flies on your face . That realism extends to the characters as well , thankfully .
`` Theeb '' is an arthouse gem that celebrates world cinema through a Middle Eastern perspective , and as an unfamiliar approach to familiar themes , should be lauded and sought out by those in the mood for some serious , and seriously good , cinema .
The film retains its own distinctive storytelling sensibility .
Theeb ... exists as a fascinating cultural counterpoint , but also in its own right .
If it is more art-house than epic , Theeb is classic enough - watching the final scene , somewhere Sergio Leone smiles and whistles weirdly .
That same overbearing heat works to slow the film 's dramatic betrayals and reversals . However , the resulting film feels timeless and polished , nonetheless .
The themes that Theeb explores are the clashes between modernity and decay , brotherhood and legacy , innocence and survival . There is little exposition about the colonial struggle , not that it is needed .
Nowar ... has described `` Theeb '' as `` an Arabic western '' in the tradition of Sergio Leone . The movie is that and more .
Theeb is splendid entertainment , as exciting as it is thoughtful .
Theeb is everything you could possibly want from a film , from stand-out central performances to heart-stopping set-pieces and thought-provoking themes .
The film 's delights ... include nods to classic Westerns and David Lean 's Lawrence of Arabia .
This is a potent and timely film debut for all involved .
Al-Hwietat , who is in almost every frame , can express a range of feeling without saying a word . The sound is startling , and the landscapes are spectacularly shot by cinematographer Wolfgang Thaler .
Free of sentimentality , Theeb is a beautiful tribute to a way of life that has nearly come to an end , set during the crucial period when it began to disappear .
A simple , old-fashioned adventure story , combined with a coming-of-age tale , that could stand to be considerably less simple .
A beautifully simple and stunningly elegant film .
A young Bedouin boy has to grow up fast if he 's to survive practically alone in the 1916 Arabian desert in Theeb , the confident debut feature of U.K.-born , Jordan-based filmmaker Naji Abu Nowar .
The palpable affection for each other conveyed by Eid and Salameh -LRB- real-life cousins -RRB- has a cinematic intensity that quickly wins over viewers .
Novice actor Hwietat is terrific in the lead role , and even if we go in knowing the historical backstory , we still discover it all from his point of view - and never stop wondering how the wolf will survive .
Directed by Naji Abu Nowar in his feature debut and coscripted by Bassel Ghandour , Theeb boasts an easy confidence and a striking sense of logic .
A captivating story shot on breathtaking locations in southern Jordan that feels like a companion piece to Lawrence Of Arabia .
Involving rather than totally gripping , but with an unimpeachable ring of authenticity .
Smart and enthralling .
Nowar tells an intimate story of betrayal and survival in a wide-open space , while rewriting an especially contentious chapter of movie history .
A truly memorable first feature .
Stylistically , Abu Nowar 's first film is an impressive effort , one that 's artfully nail-biting and that shows a keen eye for picking out natural beauty in the most desolate of landscapes .
Do not miss it .
Nowar , a smart , savvy filmmaker , keeps his focus narrow and the frame alert , eager to drink in not only action but nuances of culture and history .
Despite the film 's measured pacing and simple plot , the story takes several surprising turns , confounding viewer expectations throughout .
Theeb is a self-contained coming-of-age adventure at its core . A tense and really quite beautiful one to boot .

@highlight

Led by an outstanding performance from Jacir Eid Al-Hwietat in the title role , Theeb is a startlingly assured first effort from director/co-writer Naji Abu Nowar .