Takes a B-minus import and turns it into a D-minus retread .
Brothers Danny and Oxide Pang 's unnerving spook show from 2002 has been translated into a clunky , aimless interpretation that leaves you with just one overpowering thought : are Jessica Alba 's lips for real ?
Turns out seeing dead people can still be kind of a thrill .
Jessica Alba sees dead people in blah horror film .
Jessica Alba may be easy on the eyes , but a lack of dramatic heft makes her hard on The Eye .
It creates a good atmosphere , but no tension . The movie is just not memorable .
It 's all based on the creepy little Chinese film Gin gwai , an atmospheric spine-tingler that , we 're sad to say , is considerably more frightening than this tame effort .
Terrible direction , forgettable performances , and writers who are so faithful to the source material that they even pick up the original film 's plot holes ...
... ultimately establishes itself as the most effective endeavor of its kind since 2005 's Dark Water .
... it does n't leave us with much more than a feeling that we 've been there and seen it all before .
A terrifying treat for horror junkies , as Alba 's nervous wreck visionary wards off being attacked by apartments and restaurants , while dealing with a bad case of occult organ rejection .
With every twist of the second-hand plot telegraphed far in advance , you do n't need to be clairvoyant to see where this is going .
Effectively creepsome until it bogs down somewhat in plot explication .
Alba simply is n't good enough to carry this kind of movie , and lacks the presence to counter the major deficiencies of a weak and feeble ghost story .
One ca n't turn a blind eye to such conspicuous failings .
There are a couple of effective scares , but this feels like a retread too far . Enough with J-horror already - let 's do something new .
Lionsgate has delivered a solid PG-13 horror film that 's both entertaining and suspenseful ... and for those of you who do n't like it , there will be more SAW on October 24 .
The latest American remake of an Eastern import in which the thrills have been hopelessly squandered in translation , replaced with distracting , rapid-fire camerawork and thunderous bumps in the night that reflect a kind of creative desperation .
it could have been worse
Transforming Asian horror into American horror is n't so bad when the filmmakers respect the source material .
t probably goes without saying that the self-involved , privileged Sydney would pay scant attention to the violence and poverty that make up life in Ana 's pueblo .
Seeing is disbelieving .
Um exemplo perfeito da diferença entre um filme que recicla os elementos do gênero terror de maneira criativa e outro que apenas se limita a copiá-los .
The cornea-deprived caper The Eye definitely sports a blurry vision in the meager horror B-movie sweepstakes ... never sees clearly in its search for doomsday enlightenment .
Alba 's performance is rather limp ...
Moreau and Palud decide to trade in the creepy , atmospheric style of the Pang Brothers for a more amped up Hollywood approach ... it fails to distinguish itself either as a remake or on its own terms as a horror film .
The real movie is Jessica Alba as a blind girl ... Even the story of an eye transplant recipient would be cool , watching her adjust to the world of vision . Luckily , the bulk of the movie is that . That makes it classy and grown-up .
The Eye contains little worth seeing .
Directors David Moreau and Xavier Palud ... and screenwriter Sebastian Gutierrez ... cleave very close to the -LSB- original Hong Kong -RSB- film in many ways , yet the result is far less satisfying .
A thin premise frays the audience 's patience .
The film 's directors , David Moreau and Xavier Palud , bring nothing new to the table , and they are n't even particularly adept at reheating the leftovers .
does deserve points for an atmospheric first hour , it 's undone by bad acting and a pedestrian ending .
I operate under the belief that horror movies should be scary or , at the very least , surprising . The Eye is neither of those , although it is diverting and not without some entertaining moments . I 'm on this fence about this one .
Just be prepared to suspend your disbelief a little more than usual .
A film of no distinction of any kind , destined only to fill the late hours at some 10-year-olds ' sleepover party .
` This surgery was supposed to make me normal ! ' she complains . ` Why would you want surgery that does that ? ' says her doctor , trying to knock some sense into her . ` Normal wants surgery to be you ! '
When it comes to finding things in other movies that can be re-purposed , the makers of The Eye have a pretty good eye .
An effective if redundant fright flick .
When it comes to showing something to end the second-rate horror drought , The Eye is blind .
The major problem is the death of a horror film : It 's startling , but not particularly scary .
The most frightening aspect of this supernatural horror film -- a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong thriller -- is that there was a 114-minute version , before someone took pity and snipped it down to a lugubrious 97 .
Ever had a premonition of imminent catastrophe , only to watch helplessly as the worst unfolds ? You have if you saw the previews for this snoozer of a paranormal shocker and bought a ticket anyway .
Further proof that those fueling the Hollywood remake machine are the ones who could really stand to have their vision restored .
Yet another inferior remake of an Asian horror film .
Therapy for this fright-free , superdull remake of a stylish Hong Kong horror flick is probably not covered by your HMO .
The movie is watchable -- never more gratuitously so than when Alba is filmed showering and slipping into a tank top . But we 've been here before , no ?
The most vivid aspect of The Eye is its poster image , that of a huge female eye with a human hand gripping the lower lid from the inside . The least vivid aspect is the way Jessica Alba delivers a simple line of expository dialogue .
The Eye is the latest Western deconstruction of a successful Asian horror movie and it is louder and more literal than its inspiration .
The script is credited to Sebastian Gutierrez , who penned Snakes On a Plane , a movie that knew how to have scares and sex and a bit of fun . What happened ?
Neither a good movie nor a bad movie , The Eye is just ... a movie , sitting there unnecessarily .
The Eye remake rolls off Hollywood 's Asian horror assembly line like expired goods that have been repackaged .
A poorly acted and instantly forgettable supernatural thriller .
Alba is very good at looking very good ... but she 's quite terrible at looking very scared , or very traumatized ...
The feel-good Japanese horror remake vehicle of the year ! No , that 's a bad thing .
Not spectacular , not a waste , it 's clever enough to keep its momentum going , and smart enough to not overreach its mission of being a diverting 90 minutes or so
One of the less awful horror remakes in recent years .
You 're better off avoiding any eye contact with this movie .
The fatal flaw with The Eye is that it is a bland and boring work that is the cinematic equivalent of a dead light bulb .
Quite faithful until the dumbed-down Americanized ending , yet time and again the treatment is inferior .
You 'd think that a horror story concerned with the unreliability of sight might at least try to generate scares via the use of visual trickery .
Good special effects and some scary characters put together with great cinematography make this one notch up from a B horror film . Turn off those cell phones now , boys and girls .
It 's hard to know who bears the brunt of the blame for The Eye 's stunning dullness .
Jessica Alba is floundering here , forced to spit out idiotic dialogue and make goo-goo eyes toward cold fish Nivola ; not to mention she 's one half of the most implausible pair of siblings committed to the big screen seen since Schwarzenegger and DeVito .
Considering The Eye was held from critics for review , it turned out to be surprisingly decent - much better than the putrid One Missed Call
I spy with my little eye another unnecessary remake of an Asian horror movie .
The shocks are all cheap , the ending is ludicrous , and echoes of earlier movies are rampant , from Repulsion to The Sixth Sense .
A tediously noisesome English-language remake of an Asian horror picture that was n't any great shakes to begin with .
Alba is so believable as a woman thrown out of her comfort zone ... that it 's actually a disappointment when the plot kicks in .
Seeing is n't believing .
What 's worse than a bad American remake of a terrifying Asian horror movie ? Why , a bad American remake of a crappy Asian horror movie , of course .
stupendously bad
Someone else should have seen the obvious hurdle of making a horror movie that relies solely on Jessica Alba 's acting abilities .
Even an experienced viewer of supernatural pics will get an occasional jolt : I got mine from watching Jessica Alba 's character about to push her right eye out of its socket .
... turns things upside down for a horror movie - you want to be alone in the dark .
Despite some good , shocking visual images , the execution leaves much to be desired , and overall this remake is not as effective as the 2003 Hong Kong original -- or the helmers ' first -LRB- French -RRB- feature , Them .
The Eye never aspires to be anything more than slick sleepover fodder , but at least that qualifies as a step up for Alba .
... it does n't suck . It 's far from brilliant , but as weekend multiplex popcorn fare , it mostly gets the job done .
Although star Jessica Alba is undoubtedly easy on the eyes , this remake of a Chinese neo-classic is far too easy on the nerves .

@highlight

Featuring wooden performances and minimal scares , The Eye is another tedious remake of an Asian horror film .