... brilliantly played by a handful of young German actors . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Land of Mine '' succeeds as both a thriller and as a portrait of the Rasmussen character , a man twisted by hate and loss during war , unsure if he can find his way back to humanity and compassion in peacetime .
Land of Mine serves as a poignant reminder that revenge destroys more than it satisfies and that compassion aids the healing process .
Director Martin Zandvliet combines gripping tension and powerful emotion in this accomplished war thriller .
It may be made with the subtlety of an unexpected explosion , but the aftereffects are harrowing and lasting .
Land of Mines seems to want to tell us that when a war ends , another deeply buried mine also must be defused : hatred of the other .
Land of Mine is a refreshing surprise that deserves its nomination at the Oscars simply by being humane , heartfelt , and shocking without feeling necessary to delve into the platitudes of glorifying heroics .
It 's a conscientious , handsome drama in the middlebrow humanitarian tradition , but it makes obvious use of the easy option : whenever a new tragic jolt is needed , a mine can go `` boom ! ''
Land of Mine is small but powerfully formed .
Despite its grim substance , a crowd-pleaser of the traditional school .
Silence , but for the oblivious buzz of insects , is a vacuum , and tension floods in .
-LSB- Land of Mine -RSB- poses wrenching emotional questions , and shows how the battles of war rage on long after a victor has been declared .
Denmark 's so-called biggest war crime forms the historical backdrop of this nerve-jangling bomb-disposal drama
A tough , well-made war movie - sometimes shockingly violent - about a little known and very grim moment at the end of the second world war .
A thoughtful , poignant story that deservedly won Møller the Danish equivalent of the Bafta best actor prize .
Land of Mine is bolstered by great performances ... both from the young German cast and , especially , from Roland Møller as their terrifying , but increasingly empathetic , Danish commander .
The sense of place is as assured as the vigilant performances , while the defusing sequences are genuinely suspenseful .
A poignant and worthy tribute to a little-known postscript of World War Two .
Bringing to light a little known and far from honourable chapter of Danish history , this is convincingly acted and insanely tense .
A thoughtful , poignant drama that is comfortably carried on the shoulders of an ebullient , heartfelt performance from Møller ...
A film that maintains the tension almost throughout its length , as well as the embarrassment and the humiliations that the soldiers experience like prisoners , but mainly to the work that realize . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Most of the film 's power and interest comes from the ethical discussion it inspires .
His taste for revenge sours . And watching someone move through that kind of transformation - very , very gently , unearthing their own rage and defusing its power - brings the whole purpose of this film to the surface .
The sometimes manipulative film is perhaps too opaque regarding its own moral context . But its steel-blue skies and dispassionate view of men clinging pointlessly to masculine codes do get under your skin .
Zandvliet subordinates suspense and even existential metaphor to unilluminating brotherhood-of-man sentiment ...
Land of Mine is a gut-punch of a remarkable film , but anyone with even a little sensitivity may not actually enjoy sitting through it .
It 's a little-known story , powerfully told . The message is both timely and timeless .
An affecting film highlighting a little-known story , with the opening reels showing just how strong the impulse for retribution was against the Nazis .
A particularly intense and unsettling watch .
Zandvliet 's film succeeds mostly because of Møller .
-LRB- Møller `` s -RRB- portrayal of a crusty sergeant rediscovering his humanity does n't quite excuse the clichés that fill Land of Mine , but it makes the experience bearable .
The stakes in Land of Mine are certainly high , and the situation is urgent . Nonetheless , Zandvliet has trouble getting the story to move . While it 's easy to see why the lads burst into tears often , 100 minutes of it can get redundant quickly .
It zeroes in on a little-known chapter from the post-war era to spin an engaging and emotionally resonant story that , even after 70-plus years of WWII movies , feels fresh .
A riveting slice of life in traumatized post war Europe leads to the miracle of human connection .
In terms of tension and suspense , who could possibly imagine a better set-up ? Writer/director Martin Zandvliet , however , gives us much more than a bloody horrorshow ... -LSB- he -RSB- forensically examines issues of vengeance , forgiveness , compassion and humanity .
Even when Land of Mine charts a predictable path , it remains gripping from start to finish .
Remember how you felt observing the early moments of `` The Hurt Locker , '' itself a bomb-detonating masterpiece -LRB- and 2008 Oscar-winner -RRB- ? This one raises the melodramatic bar even higher . Can you really stand to watch ?
There 's a certain morbid and manipulative streak to a movie that generates its main suspense over which innocent kid will get blown up next .
Its story of innocence lost and humanity found is a strong one .
Land Of Mine is ... gripping , well-acted by all , and a good , strong tale well told . It 's also that uncommon thing : a movie that touches on the theme of redemption without descending into bathos or inanity .
Land of Mine is a compelling , fascinating history lesson with a moral that is just as relevant today .
It 's a harrowing story neatly shaped into melodrama by Danish writer-director Martin Zandvliet .
After laying some considerable scripting groundwork in a patience-testing opening act of the movie , Zandvliet transports us deep inside the haunted , hunted psyches of these blighted souls with uncommon sincerity and compassion .
A wrenching portrait .
A handsomely made , powerfully acted but not particularly probing drama .
Melodramatic and predictable in the extreme , but worthwhile
The cinematic theme of `` war is hell '' is an old and often cliched one . Land of Mine defies all those tired tropes and comes up with something searing and hopeful to say about the possibilities of the resilience of the human spirit .
... a well-done film about a little-known chapter of history ...
Comparisons to The Hurt Locker are unavoidable given the subject matter , but Land of Mine is the better film , and quite possibly an instant classic .
It 's more a melodrama than a war film , peppered with an indignated suspense shot in scenes with precision . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story that deserves to be told , although the film constantly reveals its commitment to not cause too many problems - neither moral nor ideological - to its viewers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The saying `` no good deed goes unpunished '' may ring truer in wartime than in any other ; Land of Mine knows it has to go looking elsewhere for the cause of human kindness .
Manipulative -LSB- but -RSB- manages to generate a good deal of suspense , and empathy , from a tale based on actual historical events .
Ham-fisted though the drama might be , this 2015 Danish-German production will almost certainly keep you awake , not least because every few scenes some poor kid is getting blown to bits through fear , incaution , or plain bad luck .
This is n't a war movie ; it 's an after-the-war movie . But the battle lines are still drawn , and every ragged breath the film takes braces for an explosion .
If you like moral quandaries , this one presents a doozy . And that 's its chief asset .
Watching Danish writer-director Martin Zandvliet 's debut feature is unnerving , shocking , depressing and scary .
As the difficult mission continues , nationalities erase and sympathy emerges . It 's doubtful that Zandvliet made Land of Mine to reflect the divisiveness that 's now imbued the world . But his film is of the Zeitgeist anyway .
This is the stuff of nightmares , but also of powerful drama .
Zandvliet is n't above a few unnecessarily manipulative moments , but he handles intense drama with confidence , delivering a WWII saga that 's engrossing and harrowing .
-LSB- A -RSB- gripping story of young POWs forced to remove the millions of landmines along the coast of Denmark after World War II .
`` Land of Mine '' maintains a resonant level of anxiety throughout . It 's exhausting by design .
Both grimly naturalistic and infused with classical values at their most thoughtfully composed , `` Land of Mine '' is epic but deeply intimate ; elegant but tough .
Gaining in intensity as it moves along , `` Land of Mine '' combines the suspense of Henri-Georges Clouzot 's `` Wages of Fear '' -LRB- 1953 -RRB- with the psychological complexity of David Lean 's `` The Bridge on the River Kwai '' -LRB- 1957 -RRB- ...
Land of Mine is a fictionalized version of a neglected piece of postwar history , detailing the often-ruthless practice of using WWII German prisoners to defuse land mines .
It 's as powerful a denunciation of nationalism 's destructive force as one will see in 2017 .
Every performance here is deeply felt and quietly heartbreaking-crafting Land of Mine into a measured , often beautiful meditation on moral relevance .
Despite the constant theme of death , `` Land of Mine '' has a hopeful note in the end . It says something about understanding people , not just the ideology that made them enemies .
The audience ca n't help but sympathize with -LSB- German -RSB- boys during grueling days crawling on the beach defusing mines . . . Vivid reminder of terrible risks mines still pose .
It 's a harrowing , sensitively realized study of cruelty , revenge and post-war retribution that ranks high among films about the cost of war and its continuing damage to humanity .
... mostly avoids heavy-handed contrivances and offers an intriguing perspective on true-life historical events .
Land of Mine is absolutely riveting from start to finish , both on a thematic and a visceral level . It tenses your muscles and engages your mind simultaneously .
Zandvliet has crafted a handsome , affecting and questioning film about post-war revenge and forgiveness . On a tough field to navigate , he makes it to the other side , commendably .
Zandvliet masterfully brings all the elements together to create a suspenseful , sorrowful and memorable tale .
For a movie in which anything can explode at any moment , Land Of Mine is awfully predictable .
Land of Mine 's fitful jolts of suspense ca n't compensate for the story 's wholly familiar trajectory .
The loneliness and regret permeating the movie illustrate eternal truths about the lingering consequences of such massive destruction on the everyday individuals tasked with carrying it out .
The visceral excitement of `` Wages of Fear '' combines with a sharp critique of `` Good War '' mythology . Brilliant filmmaking with a moral edge .
It 's a well-intentioned movie that winds up favoring sentimentality over genuinely disturbing introspection .
With its muted colors and naturalistic lighting , the film aptly captures the beauty of seaside locales that frame the human struggle at the story 's heart .
This well-made drama borrows a little-known sliver of history concerning Denmark 's post-war mistreatment of young German POWs forced to defuse and extract land mines .
Land of Mine , which overseas bears the title Under the Sand , is a provocative drama that poses timeless questions . It 's easy to see why Academy voters chose it as a contender for this year 's Best Foreign Language Film Oscar .
Zandvliet 's bleak compositions are particularly striking - soldiers lying facedown on the sand , inching along and fixedly disarming mines , their youthful skin almost one with the pale beach in contrast with dark warning flags dotting the landscape .
Land of Mine is essentially bomb porn .
A tight and suspenseful film ...
An act of expiation , Land of Mine is honorable , harrowing and stirring .
This World War II epilogue does n't break new ground , but its beaches are stunning . So are the bloody lessons it leaves on them .
Land Of Mine is tough and admirably grim , turning a harrowing history lesson into a study in how the battles of wartime do n't always cease with the ceasefire .
The film is sometimes too sentimental , too predictable in its drift , but electric in individual moments .
Again and again , its stark and suspenseful compositions strike the eye-figures in dark clothing , prone on a pale beach , with lines of wire , black warning flags , and the chill gray waves beyond .
Justifiably chosen as an Oscar semi-finalist , this stunning film demonstrates with appropriate nuance the mixed feelings of a Danish sergeant toward his German captives .
Land of Mine carefully sidesteps the clunky pun of its title to tell a powerful , moving story of young men sacrifiiced to war and its equally violent aftermath .
It 's the journey rather than the destination that 's affecting .
Yet such lack of character development would n't be so significant if it did n't converge with the sidestepping of larger issues .
It 's clear from the way writer-director Martin Zandvliet sets up the story that the fiery Rasmussen ... will eventually soften . It 's to the film 's credit that he does so in ways that are eminently believable .
A classic wide-screen World War II epic but with a number of unsettling twists .
The performances are uniformly excellent .
Land of Mine is not a conventionally entertaining movie , but it is very well made .
In almost every scene , Zandvliet takes the least subtle path of storytelling possible , turning in an overwrought and underdeveloped humanist war drama .

@highlight

Land of Mine uses an oft-forgotten chapter from the aftermath of World War II to tell a hard-hitting story whose period setting belies its timeless observations about bloodshed and forgiveness .