If you revel in brutality and find hard-to-watch violence to be the kind of challenge you 're up for , this is probably the movie for you .
A brutal nightmarish exploitation prison movie where Vince Vaughn , once a nebbish comedian , apes badass Charles Bronson .
Zahler 's latest offering is an assault on your senses that sees Vaughn in one of the best performances of the year .
In his second turn as director and third as writer , S.Craig Zahler again hits us with a sharp script .
It could have turned into a lurid spectacle but it 's also an intelligently-made crime thriller with a strong performance from Vaughn and a script that grounds the violence in emotion and devotion .
As it drags its reluctant antihero down to the depths of a Salo-esque torture prison , Brawl in Cell Block 99 is , quite exquisitely , the ultimate feel-bad prison movie .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a requiem for the workingman , brilliantly crafted and suitably savage .
The acts of violence that must be committed to be sent down multiple levels within the maximum-security prison are indeed gruesome but everything is grounded in the best performance of Vaughn 's lifetime .
Brawl In Cell Block 99 will get all up in your face , your brain and your stomach and make you see Vince Vaughn in a whole new light .
If you have the stomach , there 's a revelatory performance from Vaughn beneath all the bloodshed . A master class in controlled rage , he 's the beating heart of the story and the reason it is so affecting .
-LSB- Vince -RSB- Vaughn has significant physical presence but we never lose sight of Bradley 's vulnerability , and even though we know he 'll be the victor in the early bouts , we never know what it might cost .
Zahler is still growing as a filmmaker -LRB- he hopefully will learn that more is n't always better -RRB- and on the cusp of crafting a truly great piece . Until then , enjoy this gruesome work of character-driven brutality that is Brawl in Cell Block 99
... the best genre film of 2017 ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you 're in the mood for an amusingly reactionary ... throwback to the grindhouse , Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a solid way to spend two hours of your time .
A perfect example of a down-and-dirty exploitation flick done well .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is not as interesting or as smart as it thinks it is .
... some kind of grim masterpiece .
Vince Vaughn raucously and radically inverts a motormouth comic persona as a man of persuasive silent intimidation . S. Craig Zahler 's schlock satire imagines him as a Frankenstein 's monster fashioned from an equally futile source of modern male rage .
Vaughn 's honourable , shaven-headed hulk is introduced in a strong , Michael Mann-style crime story that gives us an interest in his fate . Thus drawn in , I felt the skull-smashing gore of the final scenes only cheapened the film .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a comeback and a showcase for the bone-dry delivery of Vince Vaughn , who has never brooded bigger and badder than he does here .
Aided by an astounding Vaughn , Zahler 's ultra-violent genre mash-up is bloody terrific .
A hulking , two-fisted Vaughn is surprisingly effective in the kind of film that might once have starred Charles Bronson , but it is not for the fainthearted .
Despite his hulking frame , Vince has rarely gotten his hands dirty onscreen ; here , he makes up for lost time .
I ca n't remember violence in a film eliciting such verbal reactions .
It pushes the prison movie genre to new heights . The fact that there 's a very small amount of an original score and a large amount of suspense speaks to Zahler 's skill at building and sustaining anxiety .
Unbearably ugly at times , but in all the right ways , presenting an exploitation pummeling that 's moody , grim , and utterly mesmerizing .
-LSB- Vince -RSB- Vaughn is captivating in his vulnerable , forlorn-eyed , rage-fuelled intensity . More than anything , it 's him that compels you to watch through these 132 demolishing minutes .
-LSB- Vince -RSB- Vaughn 's performance is revelatory , and the film takes you on a scorching journey down a path of wicked heartlessness .
Vaughn 's performance is hard , dark , and mercilessly committed , and the film gives you nowhere to hide from it - no twangs of irony or conspiratorial winks to take the edge off what ensues .
Brawl In Cell Block 99 takes its time with its set-up , but that only makes the action that follows all the more effective . And Vaughn as an action hero works surprisingly well .
In terms of its storyline alone , this is a bit of a potboiler , a typical prison drama , but the dialogue is razor sharp and the performances , especially that of Vince Vaughn , are far more nuanced and poignant than you 'd expect .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a gloriously inventive and deliriously dark thriller that 's definitely not for the faint of heart .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a thrillingly unique film experience in just how far it 's willing to stretch its violence before you have to turn away .
Brawl In Cell Block 99 takes the gruesome horror and sustains it for what feels like forever . It is brutal , nauseating , unsparing ... and excellent .
Blame Zahler : for all the success of this execution , Brawl ca n't help but resemble too many older and better movies .
By the time the mayhem truly transpires , Brawl in Cell Block 99 has so well-established Bradley 's personality , motivations and rage that the barbarity lands with additional impact .
The film is full of clichés but moves far too quickly for us to process any of them , and the violence bleeds -LRB- almost literally -RRB- over the film 's negatives .
`` Brawl in Cell Block 99 '' is an instant cult classic
Zahler has managed to extract such a fantastic movie-star performance out of Vaughn ; a performance which , if everything is right in the world , will open a heckuva lot of doors for Vaughn in the dramatic realm going forward .
The film is graced with a couple of undeniably effective performances at its center .
Vince Vaughn is so intimidating in `` Brawl in Cell Block 99 , '' even the back of his head seems to be glaring at us and asking , `` Do we have a problem here ? ''
With every clenched fist , shattered jaw , and stomped cranium in S. Craig Zahler 's gruesomely awesome Brawl in Cell Block 99 , we venture further away from the Vince Vaughn we used to know .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's really no worthwhile rationale for the movie 's dichotomy of content and form .
Writer-director S. Craig Zahler takes his handiwork so seriously that viewers may do the same .
This film reveals that Craig Zahler not only has an unbroken aesthetic of ultra-violence , but as a scriptwriter has a hand for rhythm and devastating dialogue . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... the kind of vicious , no-nonsense prison drama that dads dream about when the TV is finally theirs to command .
... plenty of testosterone-fueled brutality within a textured if self-indulgent revenge saga that employs an effectively gritty throwback visual style amid its narrative meandering .
A grade-A piece of meathead cinema .
If it 's been a while since you 've felt the cold blast and hard crunch of midnight-movie meanness , Zahler 's shaping up to be your guy - the one selling illicit thrills out of the trunk of a well-restored , vinyl-topped LTD. .
The fight scenes , many of which are one-shots , unfold with a striking bluntness , from Vaughn 's careful movements to the thudding sound effects accompanying each hit .
What makes Brawl in Cell Block 99 work so well is n't the violence , however , but Vaughn .
This painstakingly paced thriller displays an intensity of purpose that makes it impossible to dismiss as well-executed trash .
Vaughn is so committed and so unrecognizable here , he actually convinces his rapt audience that a murderous rampage through the penitentiary system is a brilliant idea .
Zahler 's screenplay is driven by a solid central character and dialogue that might have made Elmore Leonard sit up straight .
Brawl In Cell Block 99 - and boy , does that title only tell part of the story - is a modern late night movie classic .
Every scene has verve and wit and a clear purpose , getting Bradley closer to his destination and destiny-it 's just a more roundabout path than this sort of movie usually takes .
Ultimately , whether the ultraviolent horror that we have witnessed is real or merely a prison-cell reverie , it remains the American nightmare .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 's economy of storytelling is as efficiently brutal as the eventual skull-crackings .
Featuring some of the most impressive long-take fight sequences I 've seen in some time , Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a grisly and exceptional follow-up to Zahler 's equally impressive debut , Bone Tomahawk .
Brawl In Cell Block 99 is an audacious , assured , and abundant helping of pulp exploitation that 's not to be missed .
The brutality on display is gleeful and unapologetic and , like it or not , this is destined for cult classic status .
Brawl In Cell Block 99 takes a bit to get started , but when it does , it 's a punishing spiral into the depths of exploitation madness too gory to believe .
Wrongheaded , mean , oblivious and over the top , Brawl In Cell Block 99 is a mess of an action movie , while managing to be a complete disaster as a social drama .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is violent , brutal , and entertaining , with a good performance by Vince Vaughn .
It 's the brains behind the brawn that makes Brawl in Cell Block 99 one of the year 's highlights in the action genre .
At two hours and 15 minutes , the movie does n't exactly justify its heft , but it maintains a fascinating air of morbidity as it builds toward a twisted climax .
-LSB- Vince -RSB- Vaughn 's stoic , borderline-sociopathic charisma is -LSB- Craig -RSB- Zahler 's greatest asset here .
A new action classic with a career-redefining part for Vince Vaughn .
After watching this excellent piece of cinema , you 'll never watch Wedding Crashers in the same way again .
Thanks to Vaughn 's performance and Zahler 's direction , Brawl in Cell Block 99 is able to walk the line between a down-and-dirty picture and one that genuinely cares about its tragic protagonist .
Zahler borrows knowingly and liberally from key cinematic forebears , but with a dark humour and bloodthirsty chutzpah all of his own .
Brawl in Cell Block 99 is a midnight movie to relish .
It 's the rare movie that truly evokes the grindhouse '70s , because it means everything it 's doing . It 's exploitation made with vicious sincerity .
Avoid watching around mealtimes , and keep your loved ones close . This brawl is one hell of a blast .
An intriguing but not entirely successful mix of austere prison procedural -LRB- rarely have jail admittance routines been shown in such painstaking detail -RRB- and schlocky B-movie .
Zahler 's film is entertaining , incorrigible and borderline incoherent - it is the violent drunk at the party , liable to lash out .
This is an American film that 's daring in potentially alienating ways . I was not alienated myself but rather disturbed and delighted .
The movie reinvents Vince Vaughn as a human demolition machine who 's also a devoted family man , and it should find favor among pulp-hungry fanboys .
It 's a richly drawn crime and punishment fable , a noirish b-movie with real fondness for its cinematic forerunners , an extravagantly gory exploitation flick and a blistering showcase for the Vaughnaissance .

@highlight

Brawl in Cell Block 99 rides a committed Vince Vaughn performance into the brutally violent -- and undeniably entertaining -- depths of prison-set grindhouse genre fare .