Although rather shallow in its characterizations , Bad Words makes up for this deficiency in its rollicking , R-rated demolition of a familiar character-building institution : the spelling bee .
Bateman has cornered the market on ornery average dudes with rapier wits .
Chand holds his own opposite Bateman and steals much of the film with a deceptively ruthless cunning , hidden beneath the cutest , most innocent smile in the world .
Bateman handles the edgy material with confidence and gets excellent performances from co-stars Kathryn Hahn , Allison Janney and Philip Baker Hall , and particularly from Rohan Chand .
The film 's dialogue is so crude , its star so inherently - and paradoxically - likable , and its plot so lightweight that it essentially cancels itself out .
... a withering send-up of our kid-obsessed culture , in which childhood has been reimagined as a procession of parent-directed accomplishments .
-LSB- Allison Janney 's -RSB- presence on any show or movie ultimately has a kind of ` Poochie ' effect : whenever she 's not on screen you just expect everyone else to be wondering , `` Where 's Janney ? '' , hoping that somehow spirits her back .
Bad Words is a worthwhile -- if predictable -- dark comedy , particularly for those with a somewhat cruel sense of humor .
Bateman ... is one of those actors whose immense warmth ca n't be concealed no matter how disagreeable the character and he manages ... to keep the fraying edges ... forgivable .
Bad Words does to spelling bees what Bad Santa did to Christmas phoniness .
If profanity bothers you , do n't even read any further . Not that you 'll see profanity here . It 's just that ` Bad Words ' is n't your kind of movie . And just because it stars many children , do n't even consider taking your kid to it .
` Bad Words ' calls to mind ` Bad Santa ' ... not quite as good good , but it 's a lot of fun .
In a word , `` Bad Words '' is H-I-L-A-R-I-O-U-S !
Spell it b-o-g-u-s , because ` Bad Words ' reveals very early that it wo n't even remain true to the dubious integrity of its ugliness .
Underneath Bad Words ' thick layer of sardonicism and snark , there is heart . You just have to dig deep . Very deep .
The gangling script shows a compulsion to swerve away from sentimental expectations , but only manages to mire itself in affected anti-cute misanthropy .
I did n't like anything about the movie before discovering what Guy is up to . I actively hated it after I figured out what was actually going on .
After seeing Bad Words , I 'm trying to set up a swearing bee between Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Jason Bateman .
It 's just too damn amiable to be outrageous , and if it ai n't outrageous , it 's a swing-and-a-miss at the premise . Not good when playing in Pee Wee League .
Bad Words is clearly jockeying to be another Bad Santa , but because it frequently pulls back from going too far , it lacks that picture 's killer instinct .
If you take this as , in a sense , a dirty fairy tale , it is absolutely hilarious . If you take it straight you 're going to have a terrible time . You 're also going to be missing the point .
Bateman 's directorial debut is solid . He seems on sure footing behind the camera . If only he had been up to suppressing the nice guy within , `` Bad Words '' could have achieved a distinctive level of satire and black humor .
Plays out as a farce that -LRB- sadly -RRB- just is n't all that insightful , witty , or creative with how it approaches its premise - one that is kind of funny but only goes so far .
It wants to be politically incorrect , and indeed there are many rants against women , insults to visible minorities , and general verbal mayhem . But you get the sense the movie never means it : this a Hollywood lesson in redemption .
The laughs in this film are all mean-spirited or just frat-boy gross .
Bateman outright acts as Bad Santa as he can without getting sued for copyright infringement .
It 's time to break out the thesaurus to find enough accolade adjectives to describe this comedy , which has an adult competing in a spelling bee for elementary school students .
Once you stop chuckling at some of the blatantly nasty shenanigans , you realize that maybe you should n't be laughing at all .
Almost unrelenting in its takedown both of an American institution and the country 's obsession with victories big and small , Bad Words is more misanthropic fantasy than satiric fiction .
Trashy , ribald laughs in the Bad Santa vein , this marks Bateman 's directorial debut ; it 's not much to look at , but at least he has the nerve to push the insolence , profanity , and brutal insult humor to its absolute limits .
A mildly amusing , and modestly if efficiently mounted , film which , when not politically incorrect or confrontational , is too joyless and generic for words .
Does n't seem to know what to do with itself once it gets where it 's going ... And yet , it 's hard to throw on the trash heap , because Jason Bateman .
The film backs itself into a corner when it must choose between either being relentlessly nasty or suddenly heartwarming .
Works as a black comedy , but is out of tune when playing the heart strings .
... an intermittently entertaining and very occasionally unpredictable comedy -LSB- with -RSB- no third act
In his directorial debut , Bateman casts himself as a foul-mouthed , racist jerk . It 's a stretch for the nice-guy actor , but the role does n't suit him .
... this black comedy wannabe ends up plucking at the heartstrings when it should be going for the jugular .
While Bad Words is only sporadically funny , Bateman throws himself into the role without shame or ego . The film is also his directing debut , and a very capable one .
Pedestrian as it peruses its corroded imagination , relying on cheap jokes and predictable situations to carry the movie , while Bateman the actor coasts through the effort half-asleep .
Perhaps Jason Bateman serves his edgy audience by bringing them a redemption story in their own language . Perhaps he crosses lines that should n't be crossed . Perhaps both .
This is twisted , funny stuff .
Go see Bad Words for its breathtakingly wicked setup . Just be aware the spell wears off .
A little more clever and witty satire in place of some of the mean-spiritedness could have gone a long way , and while I was never ROFLMAO , I found ` Bad Words ' amusing and engaging enough . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents Also Available -RRB-
At heart , Bad Words is a nice little concoction about a fellow walking around with a deep emotional wound , who heals it , not by confronting the source of his troubles , but by healing a similar wound in someone else .
The film 's problem is that , despite obvious aspirations to be more than just a profane joke factory , it never fulfills its dramatic ambitions .
Like bad words themselves , Bateman 's film is gleefully irreverent , crude , punchy , and fun .
It 's nasty enough , but it is n't so much funny as it is pathological .
In Bad Words , Jason Bateman demonstrates that he is in full control of his onscreen identity : playing characters who express themselves with humorous timing and sardonic wit .
Bateman knows how to play jerks as well or better than anyone . He 's perfect at the center of this foul-mouthed , loose-limbed , often hilariously mean comedy .
If vulgar language does n't offend you overmuch , you 'll find ` Bad Words ' an engagingly off-color way to spend an hour and a half .
Bateman , who 's so often the put-upon straight man , really stretches himself here . His deadpan delivery works just as well in the role of a wicked antihero as it does when he plays Michael Bluth in `` Arrested Development . ''
Bateman is already a star pupil of comedy , and he could earn an honor 's diploma in filmmaking if he learns to spell singularity .
It took a lot of guts to go so far into the film and have Guy be the kind of misanthropic character he is , only to pull back from it in the last 20 minutes or so , but the gamble paid off , resulting in a film that has a little more heart than you 'd expect .
Though first-time writer Andrew Dodge 's script goes to some extreme places , Bateman keeps the comedy restrained and the tone focused .
... a bit sloppy in its narrative and the jokes are hit or miss , with the majority being misses .
If the spelling bee comedy `` Bad Words '' were a word , it would be `` mediocre . ''
A shockingly mean-spirited effort that picks all the wrong targets and does n't garner many laughs .
Contributing to the delinquency of minors is a comedy tradition older than W.C. Fields , and dependable as a fart to get laughs . Jason Bateman is smart to go there with his directing debut .
Clearly inspired by Bad Santa , what Bad Words desperately lacks is a character we can either sympathize with or love to hate .
The gusto with which `` Bad Words '' embraces its title can not be discounted , but the film never equips itself as successfully as it wants to .
What makes the comedy work is that Bateman does n't relent . Guy is , simply , a loathsome person .
It 's over long before it 's over , by the time you start wishing that a few of the dogs from `` Best in Show '' would show up ; a one-note comedy , pounded with a hammer and left flat .
Remember that scene in Billy Madison where Adam Sandler makes fun of a second-grader because she ca n't spell `` couch '' ? Bad Words is kind of like that , only 90 minutes longer .
Jason Bateman 's crude , rude dark comedy is surprisingly , subtly subversive .
This movie is very funny , and for a comedy , that 's everything . What 's lying under the surface , however , may be more calculated than clever .
Bateman , who directed as well , makes his protagonist such an irredeemable jerk that the movie 's dark humor becomes blunted and unpleasant .
This is Bateman at his `` Batemaniest . ''
Bad Words , despite its vague lack of edge , is still strangely disarming .
`` Bad Words '' is described by its studio Focus Features as a `` subversive comedy '' . It should really be labeled as sub-human . I do n't remember the last time I was so angry about a movie .
Jason Bateman is a gifted comedic actor , but when a script is over-the-top abhorrent , I find no humor in it .
Does n't offer enough laughs to compensate for its mean-spirited behavior or lackluster story .
This rude , insulting , foul-mouthed -LRB- and I do mean foul -RRB- cad -- I 'm having a hard time describing really how offensive he is in a manner that 's SFW -- is deliciously entertaining .
Comedy best for older teens gets laughs with offbeat humor .
Directed by Bateman in his first solo effort and written by Andrew Dodge , the film is an irreverant jape with its fair share of standout comic performances .
-LSB- Jason Bateman 's -RSB- an automaton , a joke machine-and as long as he stays that way , Bad Words offers shock for shock 's sake .
It 's a stream of insults without much of a story around them and Jason Bateman 's direction fails to compensate for the script 's deficiencies .
Bad Santa and Bad Grandpa ... seem to understand the balance between naughty and nice better than Bad Words does .
A bit rough around the edges directorially/technically and the screenplay 's crudeness is strained at times , but I enjoyed the story and performances .
Bad Words gets squishy and sentimental as it approaches its endgame , operating on the mistaken assumption that it needs to explain its anti-hero 's pathology and , thus , let him off the hook for his behavior .
Once we understand what 's driving Guy , the revelation is airless : It feels like too little , too late . Now we 're supposed to care about whether he has feelings ?
The film is at its best when it 's hovering aimlessly without any apparent purpose in the world of this embittered , misanthropic little man .
`` Bad Words '' serves , at least , as proof that Bateman can do a variety of parts , and direct a smart economical comedy - and if Hollywood is as smart and economical , it will give him the chance again .
Hardly a Spellbound-ing narrative , ` Bad Words ' does have its charms . There are some intelligent observations , as well as a soupcon of funny fecal , flatulent and fornication jokes .
The performances are funny , appealing and , in the case of Allison Janney , as a spelling bee official , wonderful .
Sarcastic , sanctimonious , salacious , sly , slight and surprisingly sweet , the black comedy of `` Bad Words , '' starring and directed by Jason Bateman , is high-minded , foul-mouthed good nonsense .
It 's tough to summon sufficiently negative language to describe the unfunny , desperate mess that is Bad Words .
Bad Words announces its high concept immediately and then goes about the business of telling its story without wasting a moment .
Although the story is a little undercooked and the big `` twist '' is entirely predictable , Bad Words delivers enough hilarious , foul-mouthed mischief to deserve its title .
For his directorial debut , Bateman returns to his bad-boy beginnings . And the results are predictably amusing .
In this profanely funny comedy of bad manners and hurts that wo n't heal , Bateman shows the same skill as a filmmaker that he does as an actor . And that 's something to see .
There are several bad words that could be used to describe Bad Words . Since most of the ones used in the movie are n't fit to print here , let 's go with uninspired , humorless , belabored , pointless , monotonous , and irritating
A dark comedy about the toxic speech of an angry , nasty , and self-destructive man .
The joke premises might not be so creative , but the execution of them is sublime . It seems to be a light comedy designed for gleefully vulgar English majors -LRB- see : wheelhouse , my -RRB- .
seems concocted from a Sundance checklist - odd couple squared , ` shocking ' shenanigans , quirky locations , weird sex and a children 's competition - and its cynicism and faux sentimentality flatline .
Make no mistake : The humor is nasty , in all senses of the word . But I 'm a sucker for a truly vulgar , unhinged comedy like this .
A movie that promises to skewer sentimentality about children and the parents who live their lives through them ends up as an arrested adolescent 's cry for help . Bateman should have recognized that as a creative SOS .
A young Jack Nicholson might have pulled this off , but Jason Bateman is not Jack Nicholson . Pity the actor who thinks he 's edgier than he actually is .
Jason Bateman has described his directorial debut , `` Bad Words , '' as '' ` Bad Santa ' with spelling bees , '' a comparison so evident in the material that it 's practically a remake .
The ratio of hits to misses remains pretty high even as the movie seems to dawdle over scenes that lead nowhere . Viewers out to indulge in Bateman 's venom wo n't mind the slow parts .
But as a director -LSB- Bateman -RSB- ca n't find a tone that does n't wobble between dry humor and over-seriousness , all before arriving at the obligatory change of heart it seemed too cool to have at all .
Even when Bad Words is bad in the wrong way , it tends to be bad in the right way , too .
For his directorial debut , Mr. Bateman acquits himself nicely , promising even better things to come .
To the film 's credit , this twist does n't announce itself too soon , and so there 's tension here -- not to mention hilarity .
Bateman 's directorial debut is a brisk , brutally funny and pitch-black comedy .
The problem with `` Bad Words '' is n't that it 's mean . It 's that it 's not really mean but tries so hard to think it is .
Bateman deserves props for sustaining Bad Words as a little balancing act between sulfurously funny hatred and humanity .
Bateman 's formidable comic instincts really fail him here .
Pretty # $ ! @ing funny . Bateman almost out - `` Bad Santa `` s Billy Bob in this one .
It wobbles in plot developments involving the effortlessly starchy Allison Janney as the contest 's `` queen bee '' ; and it splats in the I 'm - secretly-hurting conclusion .
Bad Words is highly entertaining , but it 's often hard to enjoy because the tone makes it so difficult to separate reality from fiction . There 's still loads of fun to be had ; you just have to make an effort to push your morals aside to access it .
While some of the scenarios are highly improbable , the riotous script paired with Bateman 's sure-handed direction and performance keep the film grounded in reality -- and almost believable .
Bateman seems to be looking over his shoulder to make sure we 're getting the gags , but all he 's come up with is a Bad Santa wannabe , with none of that movie 's glorious Rabelaisian spirit .
Jason Bateman 's directorial debut is an agreeable , vulgar comedy that mostly delivers , thanks to an enjoyable story and a strong cast .
Working from a wicked script by Andrew Dodge , -LSB- Jason Bateman has -RSB- made a film that gives him one of the best starring roles he 's ever had ...
The meager comeuppance and hasty notes of sweetness that end the film feel pre-approved rather than organically realized .
Those who may be put-off by foul mouths may want to tread lightly into this comedic romp , but `` Bad Words '' is by far one of the best times at the movies I 've had in a while .
There 's something inherently hilarious about watching bitter man-children petulantly taint the innocence of childhood .
Jason Bateman 's delivery and his direction turn the movie into something more thoughtful and entertaining than it might have been going by the initial set-up .
What the movie lacks in originality it more than makes up for in charm and laughs ...
When the humor goes black , it does so in a pretty inspired way .
Hilarious `` take-no-prisoners '' black comedy . Bateman is terrific .
A scouringly funny tale of ill-conceived revenge .
It gets a little repetitive , but it when it works , it works .
The anti-Rocky
Jason Bateman makes an auspicious directing debut with this exuberantly foul-mouthed and mean-spirited comedy .
A tart , likable comedy that must have been pitched as `` Spellbound meets Bad Santa '' .
Bad Words wants so desperately to be funny , there is n't much time left to make any logic out of the story .

@highlight

Scabrously funny and gleefully amoral , Bad Words boasts one of Jason Bateman 's best performances -- and proves he 's a talented director in the bargain .