The cameras are allowed access to places and moments that are so shocking in their vulnerability that it 's a wonder the filmmakers were allowed to shoot there in the first place .
Moving , heartbreaking yet intensely hopeful , The Interrupters is a world-class feat of journalism and documentary craft .
... the task is so immense that may wonder whether the appropriate metaphor for their work is `` better to light one candle than to curse the darkness '' or `` you ca n't empty the ocean with a tea cup . ''
The film feels weirdly hands-off and remote , as if glimpsed from a distance .
For about $ 1,000 every two weeks , these people try to make a concrete , palpable change in a community that fights them at every turn . What 's amazing is not whether or not they 're effective ; what 's amazing is that they even try at all .
If the lack of progress in Chicago is upsetting , the reassurance of James ' unparalleled talent is inspiring . He is not just one of the United States ' most vital and humane filmmakers , but one of the world 's .
It 's lazy critical shorthand to point out that good documentaries often feature better characterizations than even the best fiction films , but The Interrupters certainly justifies such a cliché .
The cameras take us where few people dare go .
The revelations and examples of this positive influence seeping into the skin of the city creates enormous cinematic and community excitement .
Much like the director 's seminal doc , this is a richly-drawn slice of real life that 's weaved with the finesse of a fine Hollywood drama .
Present -LSB- s -RSB- a gratifyingly non-cynical take on the troubles facing the species , uplifting without being cloying .
Though formally conventional , it carries a powerful message about the reality of life in the inner city and the struggles of thise who live there to break the cycle of violence .
Reality movie-making at a high point .
Ameena Matthews , Cobe Williams and Eddie Bocanegra used to instigate Chicago street violence . Now they live for nipping it in the bud , block by treacherous block .
The courage , determination and intelligence of these violence interrupters is inspiring , but even more inspiring are the people trying so hard to overcome this plague of violence and live decent lives .
Chronicles ` one year in the life of a city grappling with violence , ' when Chicago was labeled a ` war zone . ' Laments a funeral home director : ` How can the President of the United States be a black man ... but I 'm still burying black kids ? '
A cry of hope from communities of despair .
James and Kotlowitz are unsparing in their depiction of how rough life in Chicago 's mean streets can get . Nonetheless , they also have a deep compassion for the people they follow .
The Interrupters is a film that offers an unflinching look at urban violence but also introduces a ray of hope .
There are moments when The Interrupters feels like a real-life version of The Wire , with weary heroes trudging forever uphill to make their ugly world a slightly better place . The problem is that it 's a very repetitive film .
Where James 's film excels is as direct experiential cinema -- without narration , onscreen interviews or acknowledgment of the presence of the camera -- it is an intensely dramatic window into a world .
A sobering but not hopeless look at how the Windy City is attempting to turn around a rising tide of street shooting , through the work of a unique group called CeaseFire .
It 's a year in the life and death of the fight against the streetwise status quo , and James ' doc brings it all horrifically home .
I do n't get to vote on the Nobel Peace Prize , but my imaginary vote would go to the Violence Interrupters , the real-life `` stars '' of the documentary `` The Interrupters . ''
Like Hoop Dreams , the movie does n't really have an ending , but it does n't have a beginning , either . It simply observes a year in the life of a city , and a community that 's made it their mission to deal with a difficult situation .
There 's no doubt The Interrupters do some good ; but there 's also no doubt the problem they 're facing is enormous .
Realistically inspiring and , thankfully , not overly dramatized .
The immediacy and caprice of violence in `` The Interrupters '' are just as strong as in nearly every documentary I 've seen about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
There will be tears shed over this deep look at Chicago 's grisliest streets and the benevolent soldiers who fight to keep them safe .
If this were a fiction movie out of Hollywood , we 'd be hooting at the preposterousness of it all . I mean , really .
Through understanding and fearlessness , this brave trio shows us , the world can be changed , tiny step by tiny step .
James ' camera investigates the story in the same detailed , organic manner he used in Hoop Deams .
A massive and compelling tapestry of life on the streets of Chicago .
James pokes through viewers ' humdrum haze , interrupting their routine and reminding them that there exists a grey and very complicated world in desperate need of workable solutions , not ideological posturing .
`` The Interrupters '' is an intense and chilling documentary about peacekeeping troops in a war zone .
... it is an eye-opening document that leaves you feeling hopeful because such people as Ameena , Cobe and Eddie exist .
In the end , statistics are of less moment to this movie than the case-by-case personal successes that , in some cases , are emotionally overwhelming .
Tense , moving , and , at times brain-draining .
A heartbreaking , empowering documentary about inner-city violence ...
A staggering movie about a reality so dark and painful and real that it almost crushes the mind to think about it .
It tears at your heart with its depiction of the intractability of the problem . But it simultaneously insists , and makes you believe , that change is possible one person at a time .
`` The Interrupters '' is solid proof that James really is a gifted documentarian who can hit hard when he 's got the right story to tell , and it 's an important look at people doing selfless , challenging work that puts them in harm 's way every single day .
Demands your attention , all the while demonstrating what great documentary filmmaking is all about - a hopeful vehicle for change .
... a triumph of evidence on how one person 's actions can begin a groundswell of change .
James ' Hoop Dreams has been spoken of with reverence and wonder for 17 years ; now , he has an equal to its reputation .
The most heroic figures you 're likely to see on screen all year .
The Interrupters , a documentary about an initiative to stop urban violence in Chicago , may be the most necessary film you 'll see this year .
In a documentary career defined by fierce commitment to his subjects , Steve James delivers his most ambitious project yet in The Interrupters .
Steve James ' arresting documentary could benefit even more from a multi-part television treatment .
The Interrupters is a heavyweight film about a heavyweight subject of clear interest well beyond the United States .
It 's an encouraging film , though its overall context in an America 50 years after the election of Jack Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson is depressing .
... a sobering look at an endemic American disease of poverty that squeezes lower class minorities into abject depression and violence .
Searing in its depiction of at-risk children in poor communities , the film is also the bracing , life-affirming story of residents who are beginning to reclaim their streets , one corner at a time .
Superb .
An antidote to the recent spoofery of DIY superheroes .
Powerful , inspirational and suddenly incredibly topical , this is a superbly made , vitally important documentary that demands to be seen . Unmissable .
Culled from 300 hours of footage , this is a brave and worthy effort , though at times it is difficult to understand what the participants are saying .
More relevant now than ever , this is a film that seeks to understand violent acts and the people who commit them , whilst never excusing the damage they do .
This documentary gives a clear and powerful picture of the desperate sadness that arises from this violence : the funerals , the flowers , the memorial T-shirts .
A titanic piece of documentary filmmaking destined to have a real impact .
A sharper sense of structure might have produced a masterpiece , but it 's still vital , upsetting , and full of wary hope .
James made Hoop Dreams , in which basketball became a metaphor of the American dream . The Interrupters is the American nightmare , no metaphor needed .
One group 's brave , amazing attempt to stop the shootings .
It 's impossible not to be moved by the small signs of hope in the midst of so much despair and degradation .
It is difficult to imagine the effort , day after day for a year , of following this laborious , heroic and so often fruitless volunteer work .
Even at just shy of three hours , the format strains to accommodate such a complex , involving true-life story , but it makes a seriously impressive attempt .
If The Wire 's urban tapestries were real , they might look like this .
Once again , James ' trustworthy work demonstrates the power of paying attention .
James 's approach is not analytical but emotional ; his depiction of people bearing inextinguishable pain is empathetic and powerful ...
-LSB- D -RSB- ramatic when rhetoric matches street action , they fearlessly divert retaliation on street corners and at funerals -LSB- so -RSB- the cycle can be interrupted one person at a time .
A riveting documentary which chronicles the efforts of several intrepid community organizers to bring an end to black-on-black crime in the City of Chicago .
James keeps viewer attention the whole time , despite forcing unnecessarily sentimental music on his footage and chopping his scenes down to dramatic highlights rather than letting them play at length .
Begins with sobering facts about Chicago 's epidemic of gang and youth violence before embedding us with people hoping to change them .
The movie is more a situation than a narrative , and it 's repetitive and depressing .
You wo n't see a movie this year that is more moving , more tragic , more upsetting , more hopeful or more necessary .
certainly the best documentary I 've seen thus far this year
The stories in `` The Interrupters , '' a hard wallop of a documentary , may weigh heavily on your heart and head , but they will also probably infuriate you .
Blessed with a wealth of verite intimacy , this is an affecting and sobering portrait of America 's crumbling lower class .
Heartfelt documentary follows counsellors as they intervene with Chicago youth to prevent gang violence .
A riveting documentary about three committed , sensitive , and compassionate warriors for peace whose heroism has made a difference in the lives of people in inner city Chicago .
An original three hundred hours of shooting trimmed to just shy of two-and-a-half , the film is still long , but who is to say where this eye-opener could have been cut .
Local activists commit , with varied results , to halting a tragic epidemic . It 's a job fraught with volatility and peril , taken with the understanding that some cases may ultimately end in failure .
The Interrupters reminds us of the powers and pleasures of well-crafted , immersive nonfiction filmmaking -- a genre vitiated within the past five years by a glut of cruddy-looking , poorly researched and argued titles .
A tour de force of editing that 's similar in novelistic scale to Steve James 's high school basketball epic Hoop Dreams .
This gripping and very long documentary traces a year in the life of a Chicago neighbourhood that 's plagued by youth violence . And by focussing on charity workers working to interrupt the cycle , the film finds some real hope .
Through chronicling CeaseFire 's attempts to quell street violence , the filmmakers show how violence causes a downward spiral of despair . This is n't an easy documentary to watch , but it is one which must be seen .
An enlightening look at a method used in Chicago to head off violence before it starts .


@highlight

Impeccably crafted and edited , The Interrupters is a tough and honest documentary about street violence that truly has the power to inspire change .