The film makes brilliant use of juxtaposition to underscore the class divide between the Windsors and the Blairs .
The Queen 's myopia is so complete , the performances so meticulous , that you ca n't help but start to care about , or pine for , or want to overthrow the British monarchy .
Helen Mirren gives perhaps her most remarkable performance in an already remarkable career .
The Queen will knock your socks off .
Stuffed with stinging truths about swiftly turning winds of public opinion , Stephen Frears ' film is a tough , fair-minded and , at times , morbidly satirical depiction of the extraordinary circumstance of leading in grief as well as government .
Trenchantly stages its climax around the passing of an era
Surely to be considered at Oscar time .
A lesser director might make all of this deadly earnest , but Frears treats it as what you might call a tragi-comedy of manners , perfectly serious but human foibles everywhere .
A disappointingly claustrophobic play at sympathy for someone so out of touch with her ` subjects . ' And why blow it up for the big screen ? ... Where 's the arc ? The tragic flaw ? The ebbs and flows to her character ? ... A middle-of-the-pack chamber drama
Director Stephen Frears ' The Queen offers an incisive and utterly persuasive glimpse behind the scenes of recent history .
Whatever the Sex Pistols say , she is a human being .
The Queen is an unqualified triumph that works on all levels .
Like the Queen , Mirren is saying : This is how you act , this is how you survive , this is how you reign .
I was to this film . It 's slow and plodding throughout , yet the format Frears brings to the table is gripping in its balance .
... a compelling drama that effectively humanizes the title character ...
An intelligent script that keeps in the spirit and tone of Britain 's House of Mountbatten-Windsor , and yet slyly manages a wink at the audience every now and then .
I never thought I 'd get choked up over a movie about the stuffy upper-crust of the British monarchy , but then along came The Queen .
... beneath the simple and straightforward facade lies a hidden depth that does not announce itself with dramatic intensity ...
britanski film u najpozitivnijem smislu rije % u010Di
The serio-comic approach offers a confusing portrait of the Queen 's public and private faces : part sober drama , part high camp , part soap opera , and part right royal romp .
Un retrato íntimo e interesante en el que lo más sobresaliente es , por lejos , la sobria composición de Helen Mirren .
The remarkable achievement is not just in Helen Mirren 's performance -- but in the sly , often almost imperceptible observations of how violently worlds can collide with a fleeting word , a subtle gesture .
... the portrayal is no mere imitation ; Mirren creates a living , breathing Queen Elizabeth that goes beyond the public image .
It 's all strongly performed , and smartly assembled in its scene-to-scene progression , despite Frears ' continued disinterest in visual filmmaking
Stephen Frears masterfully articulates public outrage over the Queen 's treatment of the tragedy that enabled Prime Minister Tony Blair to capture the imagination of Britain .
Mirren is every inch the queen , and in this moving story she reigns supreme .
Dame Helen rules .
Assumindo um papel dificílimo , a veterana Helen Mirren alcança um equilíbrio impressionante em sua caracterização .
A memoir of those strange days .
Helen Mirren delivers a compelling performance as Queen Elizabeth II as she deals with the aftermath of the death of Princess Diana .
-LSB- Frears is -RSB- a master at creating a cinematic style that perfectly reflects the subject of the screenplay .
Both -LSB- Michael Sheen and Helen Mirren -RSB- understand the prickly push-and-pull that defines the fight -- the Gray Monarch v. the Great Modernizer -- and give quiet gravitas to the polite but firm standoffs .
You ca n't help but be taken by Mirren 's faultless performance . Entranced by her every nuance . In awe of her very artistry as an actress .
It is intelligent , hilariously funny and , ultimately , rather moving .
A royal winner .
Like Blair , we are moved from skepticism to sympathy and ultimately to respect by the stunning performances and the perceptive screenplay .
It is fascinating to watch the petty jealousies play out amongst the royal set .
THE QUEEN is one of the most entertaining and well madefeature films to come along in a while . It showcases a brilliant performance by its leading lady , Helen Mirren , and features sublime supporting performances ...
It 's easy to think of this as nothing more than a setting for Helen Mirren 's performance ... which is , in a competitive year , at the top of the heap ... but the whole works on nearly every level .
Helen Mirren makes an amazing on-screen transformation into Queen Elizabeth II ... Michael Sheen also bears an uncanny resemblence to Tony Blair .
To give the narrative depth , bite , or oomph , as naturalism , irony , or romance , or some combination ... Morgan would have to have invented more -LRB- as Shakespeare and Schiller did with their historical royalty -RRB- ... .
The tight grey curls , the tilt of the head and the no-nonsense walk with elbows and toes stuck out are the Queen 's . The faint hint that this carapace harbours a wicked wit is all down to Mirren .
To cut to the chase , this film is entertaining , literate , interesting and wonderfully performed .
A sympathetic send-up of a well-meaning matriarch charged with managing her very dysfunctional family while her every move was monitored under the mass media 's microscope .
Even if your sentiments runs to `` the French got it right in 1789 '' variety when it comes to the British monarchy , The Queen makes for hypnotic viewing ...
A fascinating fly on the wall glimpse of royal life behind the protocol , The Queen is drama at its most compelling .
So skillfully written , acted and mounted for the screen , The Queen is among the year 's most accomplished films .
Mirren provides a nice combination of royal snootiness and down-to-earth anguish ...
Long live `` The Queen , '' which is sure to win Oscar nods .
There 's no doubt that Mirren is Queen Elizabeth and Sheen is Blair .
Cinematic royalty .
Frears maintains a marvelous balance between comedy and poignancy ... ` The Queen ' is n't shy about confronting the question that looms over England 's future : Has the monarchy outlived its usefulness ?
A compelling little gem , and Helen Mirren is simply dazzling as Elizabeth II .
With its lavish imagery and elegant writing , The Queen is a majestic film , and Mirren is the heir apparent to be crowned best actress of the year .
Good breeding , that queen -- but poor manners .
While some will quibble with its view of recent history or its depiction of certain figures , there is little point disputing the elegance of its construction .
the movie moves from farce to revelation the monster gains our empathy , we come to a place where we might weep for a queen .
A pretty good TV movie with one great performance .
Brilliantly enigmatic . It is a tribute to director Stephen Frears and screenwriter Peter Morgan for refusing to take the easy route in storytelling .
Mirren 's performance is a towering achievement .
Whether the monarchy is worthy of such affection is a debate for another movie ; this one works wonderfully on its own terms .
Frears refuses to rest on the subject 's inherent weight , providing a rare , if somewhat fictionalized , peek behind the royal curtain .
The several shots of Elizabeth II -LRB- Helen Mirren -RRB- driving her SUV over bumpy roadways are quite the highlight in The Queen .
The Queen , though irreverent at times , offers us a sense of the weight of that crown , and what it 's like to bear a responsibility not just to tradition but to breaking with tradition when circumstances demand it .
Frears , who 's tended toward edgier , more rebellious fare through his career , brings a remarkably even hand to The Queen . He lifts the story out of the realm of political debate and puts a human face on the monarchy .
In good times and bad , for good or ill , she is the public face of her nation . Mirren , Frears and Morgan let us see just how much a burden that mask has been .
This drama has a lot of wit and humor , and is pretty enthralling -- and at less than 100 minutes , the film practically flies by .
In Mirren 's prim yet probing hands , Elizabeth becomes truly heartfelt .
A thoughtful look at the difficult process of rebounding from tragedy and of reactionary modernism encroaching on moribund tradition .
A wicked -- and wickedly good -- show that takes a highly dubious premise and somehow turns it into one of the year 's best films .
Mirren 's ability to disappear into the stoic modern monarch in the week following Princess Diana 's death may warrant her an Oscar for The Queen -- and it would not be undeserved .
Palace intrigue at its finest .
The Queen , a surprisingly intimate study of power at high levels , offers us the subtle pleasures of Helen Mirren playing a familiar figure from real life , Queen Elizabeth II of England , at one of the most challenging moments of her long reign .
A film of nearly Shakespearean political , social and personal complexities , made with assured wit and craft .
A fly-on-the-wall perspective that , while perhaps specifically speculative , finds inarguable verisimilitude in Helen Mirren as Queen Elizabeth II , who personifies the film 's contrary dynamics .
Allows us to understand just how heavy the crown really sits .
Mirren delivers a brilliant performance , one that jibes effortlessly with the public figure weâ -LRB- TM -RRB- ve been watching for more than 50 years while plumbing depths weâ -LRB- TM -RRB- ve never been privy to .
We see not only the inner corridors of power , but also sense the inner workings of the royal mind . Stephen Frears ' deft direction also gives the film insight and even humor .
I was bored . Still an enigma , Queen Elizabeth had no character `` arc . ''
It 's at once a comedy and a human drama with heart . Apt at both making you chuckle and grin , the film remains light .
Frears ' masterstroke is making it a thoroughly sympathetic portrait of Elizabeth , Charles and the entire concept of the monarchy .
A completely absorbing and meticulously well-acted drama .
Highly enjoyable .
That 's Mirren 's magic : She makes us care , no matter how shallow our curtsies .
A fascinating battle between archaic monarchal standards and modernistic tendencies .
Helen Mirren does all she can to ensure she wo n't be getting invited to Buckingham Palace ever again .
There is genius in the casting of Mirren as Elizabeth II . Like the Queen , she 's old-school , and she understands that there is power in purposeful restraint .
Frears and Morgan have created a fascinating , fair-minded docudrama , finding the real person behind the permanent sourpuss expression .
Borne with grace and honor on the back of Helen Mirren 's astounding title performance , The Queen manages to encompass the personal and political with both depth and grace .
Although Mirren transforms into a living human being as artfully as any actor I have ever seen in Stephen Frears ' portrait of a woman and royalty under siege , the movie in which she performs this alchemy is every bit as good as she is .
Frears has given us a front-row seat for a backstage drama ; the result is provocatively realistic .
This imperial mix of wit , humor and compassion manages to humanize at once the prickly worlds of royalty , politics and popular culture .
It is Mirren 's fine performance that carries this film to the level of art . It takes guts to portray a living figurehead like Queen Elizabeth II , and Mirren captures her essence without ever stooping to caricature .
So magnificent in so many ways that , for the first time , it seems to raise the docudrama to high art .
Smartly relevant and affecting , commenting not only on the isolation of the monarchy but also on a tabloid culture run wild .
... slow and inaccurate ... nothing I 'd want to sit through if I knew what was in store for me , unless I just wanted to see a good impersonation of Queen Elizabeth and a bad impersonation of the eloquent Tony Blair .
All hail Helen Mirren . As Queen Elizabeth II , Mirren gives a commanding performance that cries out for an Oscar , if not a star-studded crown .
It 's a story that gets more complex the closer you look .
The Queen reigns as a dramatic and surprisingly captivating film .
Mirren 's facial expressions are the true genius . Watching disturbing realizations dance across a face that 's been trained for decades to be a study in stoicism is a wonder .
Helen Mirren is flat out phenomenal as Queen Elizabeth II .
Much like ` World Trade Center ' , the film propels its audience back to a place we 'd rather not go .
I 've barely recovered from watching Helen Mirren 's exceptional portrayal of Queen Elizabeth I in the television series `` Elizabeth I , '' and then I 'm blown away by her performance as Queen Elizabeth II in Stephen Frears ' moving and witty `` The Queen . ''
Spellbinding . majestic and magnificent - with an Oscar-worthy performance by Helen Mirren .
Frears 's hatchet job is singularly effective , like a strongly negative political ad that goes straight for the jugular . The result is a fascinating film and a mesmerizing story .
None of the facts here will surprise any who lived through that time , but Mirren 's brilliant and unflappably royal interpretation will astonish all and assure her of year-end mention .
Frears masterfully combines archival news footage with stellar performances from an outstanding cast , led by Mirren in a title role that demands Oscar glory .
An absolute delight , combining the cheap thrills of a biopic with the gentler , but more lasting , pleasures of a brilliant character study .
Funny ? At times , but mainly sad , seasoned and alive to the test of a summer when a canny new PM met history through two remarkable women .
This finely crafted film has depth and significant value as a way to understand public events , sweeping aside myth to get at what really matters .
Succeeding where most docudramas fail , it turns a slice of recent history into a revealingly intelligent entertainment , without being didactic at one extreme or sentimental at the other .
Combining facts from the public record with dramatic speculation , Frears and Morgan portray the royals as simultaneously an ordinary family and anything but .
Told in quiet scenes of proper behavior and guarded speech , The Queen is a spellbinding story of opposed passions .
Mirren is spectacular , throwing down a whopper of a gauntlet for anyone who thinks they might have a chance at competing for an Oscar this year .
Frears energizes and modulates the film well , giving Mirren plenty of moments to quietly shine .
Frears ' film is often a brilliant comedy of manners laced with the occasionally appalling undertones that we , the people , often embrace .
Frears has chosen to do one of the best things movies can do : help us understand people whose behavior seems inexplicable .
Delicately balances the inherent drama of the tragic circumstances with the comedy of manners that is the Royal Family 's dysfunction , and Britain 's ambivalent attitudes to the same .
On screen , she 's a marvel , so much like the Queen that you find yourself searching her face for remnants of the ravishing Mirren .
Helen Mirren takes a character that most of the world sees as insular and stalwart -- Britain 's reigning Queen Elizabeth -- and turns her into a real-life human being with flaws and foibles .
It 's a buoyant mixture of deft , lightly impudent high comedy and human-scaled drama .
The script is elegant and the performances are dignified .
The Queen is not difficult , -LSB- but -RSB- it is sufficiently and , yes , marvelously artistic ...
Mirren 's challenge , really , was not to act at all , but instead use stoicism as an all-encompassing form of expression . In those terms , she does n't act beautifully .
Darkly observed and deeply affecting .
Helen Mirren is a Queen in her own right .
Brillian dissection of the rot at the top of British high society and politics .
An immensely entertaining and seemingly acute chronicle of the week Diana died .
Brilliant as Morgan 's script is , it is Helen Mirren 's diamond-hard performance that is the jewel of The Queen 's crown .
Diana 's death and the public reaction to it really did signal changing times - the passing of what we in this country call the greatest generation to what comes after . One wonders , watching The Queen , whether we 've changed for the better .
A smart and tough-minded skewering of the House of Windsor as well as an examination of the primacy of image over substance .
A subtle , often very funny , ultimately touching tragedy of royal manners and meaning .
the script is smart enough to consider all angles , not just taking the easy way out by demonizing the Queen
This has the immediacy of a `` West Wing '' episode , and it 's thrilling .
The Queen rules . It is among the best films of the year . It has humor , pathos , intelligence and intrigue . Fully realized characters engage us from start to finish .
Here 's how great Mirren is as HM Queen Elizabeth II : I have less than zero interest in the Academy Awards ... But after watching this , I felt as though I was seeing her win that statue with every passing minute .
Mirren 's finely calibrated performance reveals a complex woman coping with a bewildering world , and Blair 's growing sympathy for his beleaguered monarch gradually becomes ours .
A fascinating character study and a brilliantly crafted drama . It has some of the wittiest writing in recent memory and spot-on performances .
Mirren and Sheen present gracious , humane portraits of two people whose conviction over their place in the world is shaken by unprecedented circumstance .
Mirren is the one to beat for the Best Actress Oscar -- and The Queen is one of the year 's best movies . Do n't miss it .
Eventually , the movie , as with other similarly humane and perceptive comedies , allows its audience to see that not only does everyone have his or her reasons for behaving as they do , those reasons may be far less easy to dismiss as one supposes .
The Queen is an interesting character study . There 's not much plot to speak of , but it gives actors -LRB- including a splendid Helen Mirren -RRB- an opportunity to shine .
Marvelously smart , funny and entertaining .
A crackling dramatic story that 's intelligent , thoughtful and moving .
Politically shrewd , unexpectedly funny yet immaculately tasteful .
-LSB- A -RSB- deliciously sharp but strangely poignant comedy of political manners ... at once wry and touching .
A small gem of a motion picture that leaves a powerful aftereffect .
When I think what sentimental tripe The Queen could have been in the hands of amateurs , I bow in gratitude to all concerned .
In point of fact , I 'd go so far as to claim it perfect , and while that might be a bit too extreme my asserting it as one 2006 's best films certainly is not .
It 's beautifully written and the acting is just pinpoint perfect .
How could Frears and his cast rise above the sins of the miniseries ? One answer is the force of that cast .
Her majesty is in good company .
A film that takes you behind the most famous closed doors in the world for a wickedly funny , fascinating and ultimately moving story of our times .
Helen Mirren 's commanding performance as Elizabeth II is richly rewarding , allowing a multitude of angles for both ridicule and empathy .
... one of the most unique and startling looks at a monarchy and its government on the threshold of crisis .
As an insightful , unique take on what makes us human ... it 's simply marvelous . Or , shall I say , majestic .
A People exposé as edited by The Economist , divulging almost everything you want to know about this real-life palace Dallas .
Bitingly funny ... A surprisingly compassionate portrait of a rigid pragmatist in denial over the monarchy 's out-of-touch dysfunction ... Helen Mirren should start prepping her Academy Award speech now .
The Queen tears off the royal robe and suggests that , despite what Johnny Rotten said , she is a human being .
Dryly funny and unexpectedly poignant , Stephen Frears ' restrained comedy of manners weaves together decorous gossip and a fascinating look beneath the facade of pomp and ritual to capture Britain 's royal family .
All hail , Dame Mirren !
The genius of the movie lies in Mirren 's work . She captures the complexities of a woman who 's often seen as unknowable . Ultimately , it 's a tribute to the regal leader rooted in reverence and empathy .
All this might make for a better book than a movie if it were n't for the subtle brilliance of Mirren 's performance .
The perfect combination of historical extrapolation and subversive political commentary ... make -LSB- s -RSB- you feel as if you 're watching real events transpire .
Mirren conjures Elizabeth as an identifiable flesh-and-blood wife , mother , grandmother , and woman with a job to do .
The Queen strikes the perfect balance between pomp and politics , comedy and tragedy .
a class act from beginning to end .
Stephen Frears ' sublimely nimble evisceration of the British royal family pries open a window in the House of Windsor around the time of the death of Diana , Princess of Wales .
It is very rare for a historical drama , especially one made by artists who are not remotely Tory , to express such wide-ranging emotional sympathy for the ruling class .
An audacious cinematic triumph by director Stephen Frears animated by an Academy-award caliber performance by Helen Mirren that humanizes Queen Elizabeth in a time of crisis and change .
A sheer delight to sit through and leaves you with a whole evening 's worth of impassioned conversation .
This motion picture gets nearly every dramatic beat right and gives the death of Princess Diana a whole new meaning and emotional dimension .
Mirren gives one of the finest performances of the year .
Mirren 's intensely , imposingly regal even when the visually competent , narratively unaffecting The Queen proves only pedestrian .
Whether or not Tony Blair actually saved the British monarchy , Frears has made it seem so and even worth doing .
All hail Helen Mirren , who delivers a master class in acting in The Queen .
The Queen is the most reverent irreverent comedy imaginable . Or maybe it 's the most irreverent reverent comedy . Either way , it 's a small masterpiece .
Fascinating , funny , wicked and to the point , this is an excellent film about a week every Briton over the age of 15 will remember vividly .
Why is a British film as good as The Queen such a depressing rarity ?
Seven days that shook the Monarchy to its very core are explored in this fascinating insight into the Royal Family following the death of Diana .
Engaging drama with impressive performances , though it 's slightly hampered by the fact that we already know how it ends .
The Queen is about more than just this personal story ; it 's about class , and attitudes , and the changing face of British society .
This is , after all , a period movie that leaves you with a feeling of sadness at how little has changed .
It 's a film of delicious performances and great wit .
Tradition and informality collide -- and mutually benefit -- in the deliciously written and expertly played The Queen .
The tabloid appeal is obvious , but Morgan 's script is tomorrow 's chip paper .
Secondary characters are caricatures and there are moments of symbolism that are too heavy-handed , though on the whole The Queen is dignified .
A behind-the-scenes docudrama that humanizes rather than lampoons the British royal family .
`` Like all great art , The Queen has a theme that will inspire passion ... the good and bad and ugly and beautiful of tradition and the nature of moving into the future . ''
Offering royal entertainment , Frears ' sharply observed , poignant satire takes viewers behind the closed doors of UK 's power elite -LRB- splendidly played by Helen Mirren as the Queen and Michael Sheen as Blair -RRB- in the tumultuous week after Princess Di 's death
Thoroughly gripping and ultimately moving .


@highlight

Full of wit , humor , and pathos , Stephen Frears ' moving portrait looks at life of the British royals during the period after Princess Diana 's death .