As a girl just beginning to recognize her sexual power , -LSB- Emma -RSB- Roberts moves one step closer to adult stardom .
Lymelife captures the look and feel of a very specific era in American life .
Shaky in spots , but rewarding overall .
At no point did I feel bored or condescended to , and even though the ending may be overwrought , it had me gripping my chair .
The rest of the cast is splendid , including Alec Baldwin , a long way from the network executive on the TV sitcom 30 Rock .
-LSB- A -RSB- fine chronicle of disaffection , dissolution and lust on Long Island in the 1970s .
Culkin and Roberts hit the right balance of savviness and clumsiness as teenagers who are smart enough to see what their parents try to conceal .
A slight feeling of déjà vu pervades its depiction of unhappy families . But it has a tender heart , and the imprimatur of Martin Scorsese as executive producer .
Though not particularly original , Lymelife is well acted and smart , and the Martini brothers ' work is worth following .
Martini coasts on ambience and good song choices -LRB- some associated with the films of his executive producer , Martin Scorsese -RRB- and rallies with a refreshingly ambiguous ending .
Tthe third-act plot developments telegraph themselves well in advance .
The movie is an indie jewel ; watch it shine .
Solid , but forgettable .
The film was meant to be a tear-jerker , but the only tears I encountered were the ones that I was bored to .
Like The Ice Storm , Martini 's story climaxes with a devastating event , but whereas the earlier film 's denouement had the force of tragedy , Lymelife 's ending appears overly contrived .
Boasting an outstanding ensemble cast , this small-budget indie is an at-times poignant tale of family life .
There 's nothing remotely original about Derick Martini 's saga of American suburban life in the late Seventies . It has all been done before - but Martini 's first feature is so sharply written and well acted that it appears fresh as a daisy .
Derick Martini 's first feature may inhabit similar territory to The Ice Storm and American Beauty , but it 's not overshadowed by them .
While they may not claim the marquee power of Baldwin or Nixon , Culkin and Roberts bring Lymelife its best performances and help boost the film above the ranks of the ordinary , dysfunctional family tale .
An attractive indie film package , but a desperately routine one that shock value can not salvage .
Derick Martini 's quirky , frustrating directorial debut seems to believe that a dystopian view of suburbia will suffice for a film , without the need of an engine to drive the story -LRB- or really any story at all -RRB- .
It 's not terrible , but many of the metaphors employed by writers Derick and Steven Martini are crashingly obvious .
For all its emphasis on suburbia and its discontents , Lymelife never quite convinces that its story 's environs are essential -- or even all that interesting .
Given its concern with suburban rites of passage , Lymelife is the quintessential indie film , but it offsets its overfamiliar derivativeness with filmmaking craft and excellent performances .
Lymelife is tenderly observed and generally well-played with Timothy Hutton bringing a weary stoicism to one of his best roles in a long while .
Debut director Derek Martini displays confidence , coaxing performances from his cast that keep the potentially overheated story in check .
Derivative it may be , but this is a well-directed , well-rounded drama .
Chiselled from the same block of unhappiness as The Ice Storm , Thumbsucker and just about every other movie made by a depressed baby-boomer , it 's yet more well-acted retro anguish .
Lymelife is bursting with understated comic lines , a convincing cast and tight production .
It 's a particularly good performance from Rory , the youngest of the seven Culkin children .
A sharply-observed character study with some masterful central performances .
Dysfunctional adults and disaffected kids tear chunks out of each other in a hazy '70s purgatory of drab copper hues and horrible brown clothes . Brave , intelligent and bitingly witty .
It 's an intriguing watch with just enough black humour to keep its quiet desperation at bay .
An ultimately satisfying look at the American dream through the eyes of a typical 15-year-old boy who 's struggling to make sense of his family and surroundings .
The film has a funny-quirky tone that 's continually subverted by darkness .
Lymelife is funny and well-acted , but it 's just shy of being compelling enough to be remembered .
... there is only so much they can do covering such familiar territory .
Lymelife does n't bring much new insight to bear on the topic of the horrors of suburban existence .
The performances are strong . ... But to anyone who saw `` The Ice Storm '' or `` American Beauty '' or a dozen other tales of suburban angst , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
While the performers do what they can with the material , we 've seen this premise done too many times , especially recently .
The Martinis are not filmmakers , and I wish they had paid more attention in their Production 101 classes .
-LSB- Good acting -RSB- can certainly help , and for the most part Lymelife is functionally competent and barely familiar enough to be dull .
Deserves recognition as one of the best independent films released so far in 2009 .
The movie 's appealing as a rambling actor showcase : As with the better mid-range indies , you enjoy spending time with these people even if a few elements of the movie let you down .
Fueled by great performances , keen observations of human behavior and a streak of dark comedy , Lymelife is a coming-of-age movie with a kick .
Lymelife is small and uneven , but it works .
Another film that looks back at late seventies ' suburbia with a mixture of tenderness and condescension .
The offbeat Lymelife is so clearly leeching off other suburban-dysfunction films that it could have been titled The Lice Storm .
I 've seen Lymelife twice , and I liked it better the first time , when it was called The Ice Storm .
Even in its darkest moments there are flashes of warm comedy and gentle farce that lend the story considerable credibility and charm .
As it jogs toward its climax , Lymelife fails to ratchet up the tension by turning the screws of the plot .
Overall the film feels like The Ice Storm or American Beauty on training wheels , but Martini 's next efforts could be well worth watching .
The players dazzle , but co-writer-director Martini has attrracted this cast with chewy roles and a sharp metaphor , a disease that tears down the veneer of normality .
The dysfunctional suburban family drama has become so ubiquitous that the genre has lost all impact .
Solid performances combine with a sense of warm naturalism to make for engaging , memorable drama .
Thanks to a strong ensemble cast , it 's poignant and funny .
There 's enough here not just to warrant a trip to Lymelife but to keep a close eye on what the Martini brothers do now that their home movies have been made into interesting dramatic fare .
Funnier than most movies of its kind , and its nimble cast manages to find humor and a little humanity in a story that 's fascinated by the downside of upward mobility .
The cast is ferociously good , bringing an edgy unpredictability to familiar scenarios of infidelity , alienation , and betrayal .
Lymelife arrives with an impressive pedigree but , unfortunately , little originality .
Lymelife does n't have the sheer power of `` The Ice Storm , '' but it 's not just another recycling of suburban angst . By allowing their characters complexity , the Martinis spill open those tiny model homes as thoroughly as a dropped Monopoly game .
-LSB- Emma Roberts -RSB- 's the one person in the film who can lighten the mood .
A sort of facile , lesser entry in the canon of movies in which sensible , overly mature kids grapple with philandering and emotionally stunted adults , Lymelife is a bunch of discrete , thematically similar scenes in search of a cogent narrative punch
May not do anything radically new , but it offers enough twists on familiar territory to be worth a visit .
Rory Culkin does more than hold his own in this high-powered cast . He shows the angst of a teenage boy , but also the resilience . There is a sweetness to this film that keeps the darkness at bay .
Another not-terrible yet not-exactly-clamored-for glimpse into American Dream % u2013driven dystopia .
Like so many of these farm-raised films , this one looks polished , but takes no risks , offers no surprises , and contains a final sequence that 's laughable for its lack of courage .
Lymelife , directed by first-timer Derick Martini and produced by Martin Scorsese , balances grimness and levity with relative success .
Lymelife features frustrated , confused kids , and frustrated , self-obsessed adults .
Despite the familiar themes , the movie maintains its originality through its specificity .
It 's a family drama that treads on well-worn middle-class territory but is redeemed by the complexity of the characters and the intriguing ambiguity of their actions .
Lymelife offers charm and humor through its young central characters and pathos through its remarkable supporting cast , without pulling punches on its overall atmosphere of autumnal darkness and anomie .
Alec Baldwin here is at the top of his Baldwin-ess : he 's selfish , self-martyring , crafty and incredibly human
Funny , touching and quite extraordinary dysfuntional family drama . It 's what you might get if you merged Little Miss Sunshine with Ordinary People .
Across the board , the performances , in particular Jill Hennessy , are very impressive .
This is a film that really builds to these awkward , uncomfortable places naturally , organically .
Is it too much to ask that some day somebody will make a movie about ` burb bliss ?
Pretty durn good family drama with very egalitarian lines distributed amongst young and old . Not an easy film to watch but there are lessons for everyone .
The film itself never becomes more than a trip back to the same suburban dystopia we 've been visiting since at least Welcome to the Dollhouse .
Affecting indie drama takes on mature themes .
Has a terrific ensemble cast with strong performances and occasional moments of razor-sharp wit and tenderness , but it eventually falls apart with a mostly contrived , unfocused plot that fails to be emotionally engrossing , powerful or haunting .
Something about the flatness of Culkin 's eternally dull expression makes him a difficult character to care about -- a fundamental problem since Scott is meant to be the heart and soul of Martini 's sedentary film .
The quest for happiness by two suburban families through a series of serious tremors and marital troubles .
Martini brews a hazy feeling out of memory and time , a sense of relief and regret in the knowledge that nothing so exotic as ordinary suburban puberty can ever happen to you again .
The Ice Storm warmed over .
... Timothy Hutton ... offers a moving , intelligent and offbeat portrait of a man being kicked when he 's down that should , but probably wo n't , be remembered at year 's end .
Lymelife is well told , superbly acted , recalls some of the truly banal pop hits of the late '70s and hardly ever digresses from the genuine . It 's a pearl among zucchinis .
It 's awkward and transparent , inviting more confusion than closure . Lymelife is an attractive indie film package , but a desperately routine one that shock value can not salvage .
Lymelife is an interesting film that will have audiences drawing different conclusions .
-LSB- An -RSB- overworked if heartfelt indie .
Rarely have I seen such a waste of worthy talent .
The sterling ensemble portrayals of Mr. Baldwin , Mr. Hutton and the Culkin brothers on the male side and Ms. Hennessy , Ms. Nixon and Ms. Roberts on the distaff side make Lymelife worth seeing , especially in these dire times .
There 's a great deal of self-assurance in Lymelife , not all of it warranted ... It amuses at times -- but can also leave you aching and fevery with impatience .
Despite some floundering , Lymelife keeps you hooked , mostly through its performances .
If only its substantial craft and atmosphere were matched by an equally compelling reason for being .
passionate and melancholy , captures the yearning and despair of growing up in the late '70s at the beginning of the end of the American Dream
Startling performances , searing dialogue and an archaeologist 's sense of late '70s period detail power the violently funny Lymelife .
A terrifically cast bittersweet coming-of-age story -- ticks and all .
-LSB- The film evokes -RSB- the realistic emotional ramifications of the stories being told and skillfully connects them to the frailty of the American Dream .
Authenticity is drowned out by an overarching do n't - judge-a-book-by-its-cover message that long ago lost its luster .
After so many Ice Storms and American Beautys what further insights could the present offering hope to add ?
Fresh , terrific period drama that captures a swatch of middle-class Long Island suburbia . Solid cast and exceptional writing and directing make this impressive feature debut % u2014a kind of down-market American Beauty % u2014highly watchable and worth the de
`` Lymelife '' is a black comedy that sticks in your throat a little too much to be an enjoyable experience . However , it does have the side effect of making its audience feel superior to the characters on the screen .
A less lymelife than lowlife combo predatory insect and human lurid split level burb noir , where at one point two entirely separate set of sex partners nearly catch each other in the act simultaneously . Scorecard , please .
Director and co-writer Derick Martini throws all this drama on a high burner . Even when the drama gets overcooked , Lymelife sends off sparks .
If you 're a city dude who always envied suburbanites with their huge houses , this film will make you feel better .
Rory Culkin brings a sort of quiet confidence to his role as Scott .
Among the best-written films I have seen this year .


@highlight

Lymelife features sharp performances , but the story lacks the emotional depth or focus worthy of its talented cast .