Iraq war vets cope with big issues ; not for kids .
The war in Iraq gets a lathery soft soap treatment in producer-cum-director Irwin Winkler 's distortion of emotions and realities associated with a group of returning soldiers .
Obvious , plodding , cloying and politically innocuous .
... there 's certainly no denying the effectiveness of one unintentionally hilarious moment in which Biel 's spurned boyfriend exclaims , `` I guess it only takes one hand to push people away ! ''
Patriotic claptrap masquerading as a touchy-feely salute to the troops .
While the film tries to be sensitive to the people 's plight , it does itself -LRB- and the soldiers -RRB- a disservice by presenting them as brittle , emotionally fragile victims .
Missed opportunity for some cutting irony on behalf of indigenous people who have always been the victims in one way or another , of dubious celebrations like Thanksgiving , the laborers are instead merely a dramatic device - wallpaper really .
Shows some significant strengths but ultimately misses the mark due to incompletely developed characters and hesitation to hit home as hard as the subject matter justifies .
This is morose , head-shaking stuff , and director Irwin Winkler -LRB- Life as a House , De-Lovely -RRB- is n't one to ease up on the ` ol emotional manipulation button .
It often undercuts its nobler goals by resorting to hammy dialogue and unnecessarily melodramatic contrivances .
a clunky movie lacking subtlety , and full of bad dialogue that tries too hard to get its point across .
I must say the best thing about the movie is that it 's interested in the soldiers , not the self-serving popinjays who seem to think the war is a big fat career-enhancing photo opportunity . The people who got shot at deserve most of the attention .
A laughably clichéd , melodramatic , Oscar-courting prestige pic .
Earnest but lazy , fitfully laughable and insulting , Home of the Brave is cowardly work .
The cast is certainly worthy and they are clearly committed to their roles , but unfortunately HOME OF THE BRAVE just misses the mark .
Sure , it 's earnest -- sure , it 's melodramatic . Yup , it 's just barely this side of being a made-for-Lifetime TV soaper . But there 's a mesmerizing power to this little film that comes from its sheer un-told-ness , from its right-now immediacy .
Without question , an important , thought - and emotion-provoking film , certain to be controversial , and to be remembered .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Winkler clearly loves these characters , and if he sometimes pushes too hard in his effort to make the audience share his affection it 's forgivable under the circumstances .
A predictable and not-bold-enough account of the struggles of a band of National Guard soldiers after returning home from the war in Iraq .
Important subject , good intentions , bad movie ... its sheer ineptitude trumps its noble aspirations .
Dr , Will Marsh -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- has to reintegrate with a family that no longer really understands him . The problem with the film is , while Winkler and writer Mark Friedman try , we ca n't really understand either .
Jamal is a peculiar figure , part fantastic and part fearsome , a gangster trained and used up by the military , then left without any recourse .
This is a solid and timely piece of work from Hollywood veteran Irwin Winkler .
In an attempt to honor the veterans of our Middle East misadventure , Winkler and screenwriter Mark Friedman wind up reducing their experiences to the stuff of bad TV movies .
Home Of The Brave ultimately says ... what ? War is tough . That 's fair , and so is -LSB- director -RSB- Winkler 's reluctance to engage the politics of this particular war and focus on the soldiers that fight it .
One of the most deeply moving film experiences of the year .
There is less truth in this entire work than in a few minutes of such recent documentaries as The War Tapes or The Ground Truth .
Home of the Brave is so ham-fisted in its attempts to wring pathos from the vets ' problems that it plays like an overwrought parody of an award bait movie .
Mark Friedman cover all the bases , but good intentions aside , it 's hard to recommend such a thin , cliched fictionalization when so many good documentaries -- The War Tapes , The Ground Truth -- feature the voices of actual soldiers .
The intentions are good . The actors have been assembled with care , and the production is polished . But everything feels assembled , as if it were put together from blueprints .
The kindest description of Home of the Brave , the first Hollywood movie to examine the experience of American soldiers returning from Iraq , might be that it is fueled by noble intentions .
-LSB- It -RSB- gets points for being the first movie to depict Iraq war veterans adjusting to civilian life . It loses points for being a painfully earnest and very thinly conceived update of The Best Years of Our Lives and Coming Home .
While Mark Friedman 's script is as unsubtle as Winkler 's direction , their sincerity and the subject 's sharp immediacy lend the film a certain power .
-LSB- Its -RSB- mild-mannerness is especially disappointing when compared with such documentaries as The War Tapes and the excellent Home Front , vivid and incisive explorations of post-Iraq anger and disillusionment that have gone largely unseen .
The first major feature film about the Iraq War , Home of the Brave deserves a pass because it ai n't half bad and , well , it 's the first feature about the Iraq War .
Although it plays like a rough draft of a better Iraq War film yet to be made , Home of the Brave should put the subject on the front page , where it belongs .
Brave reduces everything to riotously loathsome television movie standards , bleeding the potency of what should be a very significant and disturbing story dry .
A noble effort that nonetheless results in the kind of movie words like ` wallow ' were made for ; sitting through it is a drag .
A vote against its heavy-handedness does not make you or I a troop hater . In fact , I believe they deserve a narrative free of after-school special dramatics .
Home of the Brave is n't exactly a subtle or a delicate picture -- it 's an old-fashioned Hollywood movie , at least in tone , that 's being released like an indie -- but it has some terrific acting and comes straight from the heart .
If there 's a way to do justice to the story of American troops coming home from Iraq , Home of the Brave has n't found it .
It 's a formulaic , overacted piece of work that rarely delves deep .
After the action shifts from the deserts of the Middle East to the relative calm of the home front -LRB- specifically , Spokane , Washington -RRB- , it devolves into a morass of melodramatic clichés .
Just because there 's nothing new to see here does n't necessarily mean there 's nothing worth seeing .
The good scenes hit home , but the bad ones tilt towards melodrama and sentimentality .
A Hallmark TV drama about the very antithesis of a Hallmark moment .
A motion picture that is n't just bad , it 's abysmal . One of the worst films of the year , and nothing but a disservice to everyone fighting in Iraq -LRB- and to everyone sitting through the movie -RRB- .
For all its relevance to the state of the nation , Home of the Brave is convinced it 's saying something urgent but offers no fresh insight to postwar survival .
Another ill-conceived war drama that does n't do justice to the men and women serving in Iraq .
This is Hollywood 's first big-screen attempt at portraying the plight of the tens of thousands of Americans returning from Iraq . They deserve a deeper , more substantive portrait of their transition back to the homefront , and some day , they 'll get it .
There was more reality , dramatic conflict , emotional texture , and even humor in Best Years of Our Lives and The Men , which were made half a century ago , than in this well intentioned but formulaic drama about Iraq War vets .
Timeliness is all very well , but the significant subject matter cries out for a defter directorial touch and a deeper complexity in regard to the characters and performances -LRB- save for a valiant effort by Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- .
Except for the Iraqi action prologue , it 's a stretch to say this is any more than a run-of-the-mill TV movie . Worthy assignment ; poor execution .
Mr. Winkler and Mr. Friedman deserve credit for achieving their objectives without undue bombast or bravado , but rather with a clear-eyed view of an uneasy time in our national life .




@highlight

The ensemble cast works hard , but hammy direction and a script lacking in nuance ruins this movie 's noble intentions .