This painful documentary ends on a hopeful note , although with a clear view of the cloud over human nature .
A noble effort , but a flawed delivery . The film would benefit from more time spent with the real survivors , and less with actors tasked with `` playing '' the Western saviors .
Living through a screening of ... the 1937/8 Japanese invasion , devastation and occupation of Nanking creates a fervent wish to have nothing o do with our membership cards in the homo sapiens species .
The lesson here is not simply to vilify the Japanese soldiers of that era , but to make sure that we never forget who we are and what our country stands for today .
A deft and dramatic melding of talking-head documentary , historic photos and film footage and readings by a cast of actors , the film is a devastating depiction of man 's inhumanity to man . It is also about how some of us are brave enough to say ` No . '
Nanking bombards you with words and images of acts too barbaric to fully absorb .
Nanking is a sometimes clumsy and sometimes artistically flawed documentary but in the end it presents a powerful account of what happened in Nanking at the end of 1937 and beginning of 1938 .
Sheds light on particular wartime atrocities largely neglected in the collective memory .
A brutal introduction to events that should be better known .
Nanking does n't tell us why decency and compassion completely break down from time to time . It just tells us something terribly modern and all too familiar .
A handsome documentary on a brutal subject , Nanking delves into the 1937 Japanese invasion of China and the atrocities committed in the attack ...
Nanking is grim but ultimately uplifting , a reminder that even in dangerous times , brave individuals can hold the line against barbarism .
A harrowing look at how war takes its terrible toll on the innocent .
Anyone who sees Nanking should know going in what a brutal story it is , but no one should miss it because of a restrictive rating .
Even as history changes to accommodate current needs and frameworks , it 's crucial to remember those who lived it .
Highlights both the best and the worst that humanity has to offer .
Nanking does justice to this tragedy even though it makes the mistake of mixing the testimony of actual participants with staged readings from actors subbing for real people .
The filmmakers employ a powerful technique of interspersing newsreel footage with wrenching on-camera interviews of survivors and sequences of actors reciting from the letters and memoirs of the Westerners on the scene .
I have rarely , if ever , seen a documentary reconstruction of a historical event that is so rich in firsthand -LRB- and well-preserved -RRB- photographic material .
... altogether gripping film .
The story of Nanking is told simply and well , it speaks for itself .
It is a harsh story and the filmmakers do not try to sugarcoat or diminish its power and tragedy .
A somberly effective look at one of the most shameful events in human history .
Nanking submits yet another reminder , if any more were needed , of how wickedness in the 20th century achieved dimensions previously considered unimaginable -- or unbearable .
An engrossing documentary on the atrocities committed in Nanking by Japanese soldiers and the courageous heroism of some expats in 1937 .
Nanking both calls attention to a horrifying set of war crimes that remains little known in the West and crafts an impossible-but-true hymn to the power of the individual conscience .
Although the story of Nanking deserves to be told , there 's reason to hope this awkwardly executed doc wo n't be the definitive portrait .
Nanking is a swift , incisive documentary about one of the lesser-known horrors of the 20th century .
An important contribution to a historical record that , tragically , is still far from complete .
-LSB- A -RSB- powerful documentary .
Some of the stories and images here are simply , shakingly unforgettable ... The punch it delivers to the gut of viewers indicates the documentary makes the kind of impact it was seeking .
an important historical record
The story of man 's inhumanity during wartime is an old one , but this film delivers the message raw unlike anything before
Documentarians Bill Guttentag and Dan Sturman brilliantly combine archive footage from Japan 's 1937 massive attack on China 's former capital of Nanking with heartbreaking interviews of Chinese survivors , guilty Japanese soldiers , and actors giving stage r
A tribute to a handful of racial and cultural foreigners and to the Chinese people , ` Nanking ' is inspiring ... but it can depress in the extreme .
The documentary is an effective and moving account of civilization gone amok .
There wo n't be a more powerful , horrific or inspiring film this year than Nanking .
a documentary that may well rank among the greatest re-tellings of a historical event put on film
While at times the film begins to feel like a laundry list of bad deeds , the first-person accounts pack a wallop .
War and violence are never pretty , and this is not an easy film to watch -- there is brutal and gruesome footage of the death and destruction that happened there .
Indispensable , beautifully crafted account of a little-known Japanese massacre .
The personalities it brings to light -- many of whom were forced to remain silent about what they 'd seen after returning to their homelands -- are worthy of widespread exposure .






@highlight

This powerful and horrific documentary brings the atrocities committed at Nanking to light without sugarcoating any of the brutality .