No preaching and no proselytizing . Just a horrible happening in a continually complicated world .
-LSB- Jolie 's -RSB- stunning performance is a career best and a powerful dedication to the strength and bravery of the real life Mariane Pearl .
Torpid , faux-inspirational
Knowing how this harrowing story played out in real life does n't diminish its power in the slightest .
The film would be nothing without Angelina Jolie 's brave , powerful performance .
It is to director Michael Winterbottom 's -LRB- 24 Hour Party People , Welcome to Sarajevo -RRB- credit that he can achieve such a powerful film without bludgeoning his audience with the images of the unspeakable violence that were inherent in Pearl 's last days .
Angelina Jolie continues to prove her acting is worth more discussion than her personal life . It 's not always fun to watch , but it 's an important piece of work .
British director Michael Winterbottom 's film is as close to naturalism as one can get .
When Mariane finds out about Daniel 's death , she lets out a guttural scream ; one that rivals Sean Penn 's outburst in Mystic River in raw emotional defeat .
... A Mighty Heart fails to do the story justice or to flesh out the heroic people involved .
Absorbingly touching and terrifying , A Mighty Heart is an intimate film but has the gutsy and reflective ingredients of sorrow , introspection and outrage .
Powerful docudrama is best for mature viewers .
A docudrama that is focused on Daniel Pearl 's wife . While interesting in its own way , it does not begin to reflect on who Daniel Pearl really was or why he died .
If A Mighty Heart was either a flat-out documentary or larger-scale movie version of the same story , it would be a lot more intriguing . But then again , neither of those would be a proper Angelina Jolie Oscar vehicle .
We know how it will end , and that is what makes the suspense Winterbottom creates such an impressive feat .
Although it is impossible to erase the spectre of Brangelina from your mind altogether while watching Jolie inhabit the role of Mariane Pearl , you can manage it for surprisingly long stretches at a time .
A Mighty Heart is a powerful film on all accounts , something that brings a human face to such a collective time of confusion .
A Mighty Heart may be the most undeservedly overlooked movie of the year .
There 's a compelling urgency about this riveting , highly political portrait of a brave and compassionate woman that allows us to feel as though we have partaken of her journey . Angelina Jolie is stunning .
This is a film that abounds in smart touches .
Jolie , dominating nearly every scene , is rather remarkable in this star vehicle , effectively conveying a convincing combination of unwavering dedication and the dire desperation of a woman who insists on remaining at the center of the search for her man .
Aside from casting Jolie , the bravest decision was to shoot largely in Karachi . The risk pays dividends with highly evocative location work that allows you almost to the smell that crowded city and feel the chaos .
It will be a major injustice if Jolie does n't receive an Oscar nod for channelling Mariane 's heartbreak with such dignity and compassion .
A Pearl in the rough .
Considering the fact that this is a story whose ghastly ending is known to the audience right from the outset , A Mighty Heart is far more compelling than ever seemed likely .
The film opts to depict a single but reverberant tragedy and does so with force , skill and a memorable central performance .
For all its kinetic energy and sweep , Michael Winterbottom 's hyperactive new film is really nothing more than a very , very classy TV movie .
Topical , worthy and well made , A Mighty Heart fumbles the ball due to a complete dearth of tension and a flat-as-a-pancake performance from Jolie .
If Winterbottom struggles to shoehorn his documentary style into the form of a thriller , Jolie has no problems in bringing Mariane to life with a vibrant and vital turn . This honourable film is worth seeing for her alone .
A fitting tribute to courage under fire and stoicism in the face of senseless brutality , Winterbottom conjures up a perfect marriage of subject and technique . Good also to see Jolie acting for a change ...
A breathless and compelling cinematic experience .
Finding humanity amidst inhumanity , A Mighty Heart is sobering proof that the most frightening horror stories come from the real world . Every day .
A solid , uncomfortable account of a wife 's ordeal , with a strong turn from Jolie , but strangely lacking an emotional focus .
Impressively directed drama with an Oscar-worthy performance from Angelina Jolie , but the story is n't as tense or as moving as it should have been .
What 's interesting about A Mighty Heart is not the political arena , but the individual human beings inside it .
Emotionally and viscerally compelling and retains a suspenseful , edge-of-the-seat quality .
Michael Winterbottom presents a documentary-style chronicle of events that is completely unsentimental and at the same time full of compassion .
Angelina Jolie puts her heart into the role of Danny Pearl 's wife Mariane .
The docudrama feels uncomfortably like pantomime .
Even though the story and its outcome are familiar , Winterbottom directs with such urgency that we are carried right into the film alongside the characters .
Winterbottom has chosen to emphasize naturalism and realistic detail , with a minimum of sentimental content .
Nothing in A Mighty Heart conveys the magnanimity of its title .
-LSB- The -RSB- lack of focus on Pearl is what eventually makes me suspect that ... Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt shaped this story into a vanity production
The most interesting thing about A Mighty Heart is why it became a mediocre film .
a superb reminder of Jolie 's talents , and probably our first bonafide Oscar contender of the year .
Too focused on events , timelines , and connections to find an emotional core to the story .
About a search and not a discovery ; about the value of an individual life and the reality of multitudes .
It made me feel uncomfortable -LRB- almost itchy -RRB- , craning my neck to look around obstructions in hopes of catching something hidden , possibly just out of frame .
A tough film grounded in modern foreign policy that puts a face on those who are collateral damage in this war on terror .
The best thing about it is the very thing that 's most potentially maddening to moviegoers . Movies and TV offer US a steady diet of reductive emotional sensationalism but this one , like its protagonist , keeps a cool head even in horrific situations .
This is a filmmaker who respects his audience enough to let us decide for ourselves , and Jolie likewise shows us respect by playing Mariane without overblown affectation .
The signal achievement of A Mighty Heart , somewhat at odds with its affirmative title , is the sense it creates of universal complicity .
The movie does a good job of letting you know what it must feel like having a loved one held for ransom , then killed .
Blame the demands of a high-profile production on the sensibilities of someone who , success or failure , has at least never been this boring .
While the movie does indeed work as a thriller , it 's more the tale of a state of mind that is fierce and vigorous until it shatters into a million pieces .
Jolie delivers a performance that 's astonishing in its control ... . she 's dialed down her natural histrionics and gone for something far quieter and deeper than expected .
A Mighty Heart is not a bad film , but it was made at a bad time .
A Mighty Heart is scrupulously journalistic , a would-be documentary that tells in rigorous detail but explains almost nothing . Who , what , when and where are covered , but not why .
A forthright and compelling film but Angelina Jolie has become so notable , I could never forget she was playing a role .
This mix of deeply subjective and starkly observational images , something of a signature for Winterbottom , makes A Mighty Heart a complex , disturbing film , and almost grants it release from its overwhelming star center .
Yes , Angelina Jolie is more than a tabloid headline . She also is a fine actress . She proves that here in `` A Mighty Heart , '' a dramatic recreation of the events before and during the kidnapping and death of journalist Daniel Pearl in 2002 .
he movie is engrossing and well-acted throughout ... but ultimately leaves us less optimistic about the prospects for peace .
Winterbottom wants to create a you-are-there , semi-documentary-style environment , which does n't leave any room for self-indulgent star turns . Jolie does n't give him one ...
Winterbottom avoids a documentary format but the movie is so lacking in suspense that it becomes the equivalent of a talking heads doc . Without Jolie 's fine performance , the project could be easily dismissed .
does n't offer a whole lot other than atmosphere and a stellar performance by Jolie
Whether intended or not , this casting -LSB- Jolie -RSB- simply smacks of self promotion and image branding ...
He -LSB- Winterbottom -RSB- approaches his subjects as very , very real , not just fodder for topical films .
A tasteful docudrama that delivers all the facts -LSB- and -RSB- operates as one of the best political thrillers in recent years .
The only drama comes in the waiting , which eventually becomes tiresome .
Winterbottom 's gritty sensibility and feel for geopolitical realities is perfect for the film . There 's no room for Hollywood gloss - and no need for it .
... if you 're familiar with the story , the movie whizzes by without leaving you with fresh revelation or insight . If you do n't know it , all Winterbottom presents is a series of facts leavened with small , tight emotions .
It reminded me , in a way , of the reaction of Grace Zabriskie 's character to the death of her daughter , Laura Palmer , in the late , great Twin Peaks .
Why not cast a Thandie Newton , a Kerry Washington , even a Halle Berry in the lead , unless one actress happens to be sleeping with the producer ?
Just two years ago Jolie swapped flying bullets and heated saliva with Brad Pitt in the crowd-pleasing Mr. & Mrs. Smith .
Director Michael Winterbottom and a fine cast headed by Angelina Jolie crafted an intricate policier that 's both suspenseful and thoughtful .
Honesty and courage are the main virtues of A Mighty Heart , which strives to shed light on dark times . Central to it is Jolie 's laudable performance .
This movie does not fully separate itself from our admittedly low -- even slightly shameful -- expectations , does not become the pure documentary it might perhaps better have been .
Though it 's difficult to watch , the film is nonetheless inspiring : a portrait of strength and character , through unimaginable difficulty , responding not with hatred but with hope .
Shooting in what often appears to be available light , and with a handheld camera that he has tamed sufficiently to prevent motion sickness , Winterbottom keeps the picture moving along like a thriller .
Much of A Mighty Heart plays like a documentary . It feels truthful instead of puffed up to be more commercial .
Moments of tension quicken almost unbearably , and no one is immune -LRB- the crowds are like nerves multiplied -RRB- .
One of the year 's most compelling films to date .
A richly atmospheric film that races surefootedly through complexities of data and emotion like a spy movie and not at all like a sentimental sob story .
-LSB- Winterbottom -RSB- puts us in the middle of things , and lets us watch .
-LSB- Jolie is -RSB- greatly abetted by the no-nonsense , very un-Hollywood-ish approach that British director Michael Winterbottom takes to this fact-based thriller .
Though the events recalled in Winterbottom 's riveting docudrama A Mighty Heart are well-known , they are dramatized with such realistic detail and heartfelt passion that the story feels as urgent as the latest bad news out of the Middle East .
A riveting experience that sears its way into your consciousness .
The overriding tone of A Mighty Heart is neither indignant nor sentimental : The film is consistently cool .
Powerful dramatization told with admirable , realistic rigor .
A Mighty Heart has no discernable political agenda . It 's simply a straightforward look at a terrible event .
A Mighty Heart never sensationalizes the story or its characters , most of whom are based on real people .
A movie that captures the frustration of not knowing , the unconsummated urge to comprehend .
The film takes its cue from the widow , neither sermonizing or even villainizing , content to serve quietly as an admirable exercise in restraint and a moving example of the grace under pressure that is the essence of courage .
A haphazard fusion that smacks of Hollywood self-gratification . For a movie that aims to throw a spotlight on the human costs of international terrorism , it says surprisingly little and renders itself quickly forgettable .
Should end up one of the year 's best dramas , an intricate , jolting look at life out of control and one woman 's fight to hold onto her dignity and love in the midst of unimaginable tragedy . It 's not an easy story to watch . Imagine living it .
A movie as rich in detail as it is in emotion , with both driven deeper by the intensely intimate filmmaking style of Michael Winterbottom .
Director Michael Winterbottom 's film of Mariane Pearl 's book constantly reaches for the authentic with subtle tenacity .
What is best about A Mighty Heart is that it does n't reduce the Daniel Pearl story to a plot , but elevates it to a tragedy .
A film that has heart and integrity , providing insight into a wrenching dilemma that no headline news reportage could ever achieve .
The problem with structuring A Mighty Heart as a suspense film is obvious : We already know the outcome .
... a movie that 's more admirable than watchable , that in some ways argues against the politics of its makers . It 's respectful , respectable and , like the world it so faithfully reproduces , unsettlingly dissonant .
Angelina Jolie IS Mariane Pearl -- and that marquee-size `` is '' gets in the way , not of her performance , but of our ability to suspend disbelief and watch it .
A powerful , provocative and spellbinding film . This is a movie not to be missed and one that will be a force at Oscar time .
The film is as much rough-and-ready thriller as it is tragic memoir .
`` A Mighty Heart '' is as worthy a tribute to Danny and Mariane Pearl 's life a dramatic feature can be .
... a riveting , sometimes confusing film ...
Winterbottom 's films are often shot in a gritty , realistic fashion , and A Mighty Heart , much of which was shot on location in Pakistan , is no exception .
Hollywood 's biggest star of the moment and weekly tabloid cover girl does n't overwhelm the film adaptation of Mariane Pearl 's biography .
Thanks in large part to Jolie 's formidable restraint , this movie is n't the star-turn showcase it might have devolved into .
Turns one of the more horrific chapters of post-9 / 11 history into a tight , if a bit dry , police-procedural drama .
The steely-eyed seriousness of the enterprise -- the refusal to coddle moviegoers with warm characters or even attractive cinematography -- is alienating .
It 's a shocking story , fraught with strained emotions and fear .
` A Mighty Heart ' should have had the electricity of an American citizen in dire trouble in a foreign land -- ` Midnight Express ' comes to mind .
A mighty performance in an average movie .
... an undeniably affecting look at an exceedingly familiar story .
Despite its curiously stoic tone , A Mighty Heart retains its capacity to fascinate and intrigue
A Mighty Heart is a good movie denied greatness by its attempts to serve two masters : drama and journalism .
... a moving statement about facing the worst humanity can offer and refusing to give up .
Winterbottom takes it to the opposite extreme , turning into a docudrama and following that genre 's pre-established format .
Every day , we are reminded how much of a great beauty Angelina Jolie is . But it 's not every day we are reminded how much of a great actress Jolie is .
The foundation of A Mighty Heart , a devastatingly emotional movie , rests on the splendid performance by Angelina Jolie as -LRB- Mariane -RRB- Pearl .
We are n't given a journey of character , no developmental turning points ; we are simply given a portrait of strength .
By the end , I actually forgot who it was I was watching play the part , and if there is a truer testament to this woman 's talent then that I admit to not having the first clue as to what it is .
The film spins its wheels as Winterbottom loses sight of the human element in exchange for a stab at mounting tension that simply is n't there .
It 's not easy to make a dramatic , tense movie when many in the audience already know the ending , but director Michael Winterbottom has created one of the most compelling and emotional movies you will see
Angelina Jolie gives her strongest performance as defiant Mariane van Neyenhoff Pearl in ` A Mighty Heart . '
a panicked maelstrom of chases and false leads that all lead to the same murderous finale .
Both moving and frighteningly real .
Effectively fashioned , as jolting as it is polished , as well as a surprising , insistently political work of commercial art .
As a documentarylike account of one woman 's ordeal in the midst of an international media frenzy , the film is visceral , alive and very scary .
A humanist and universal account of events that diminished us all but did not occur in a vacuum .
The immediacy of the setting , heightened by documentary techniques , makes this a chastening film , a portrait of the explosive new world in which we live .
On so many levels , A Mighty Heart is almost as excruciating to write about as it is to watch . It has many of the virtues of a first-rate political thriller , and yet who can think of it in those terms ?
The story told here is one of lives shattered and hope restored , vividly encapsulating sacrifice and loss in a world gone mad .
It works very well on its own terms as an examination of hope in our increasingly frightening world .
Jolie is such an expressive actress that there 's always a danger she 'll overplay the part , but one major misstep aside , she slips into Winterbottom 's wide-ranging procedural and asserts herself only when dramatically necessary .
To experience the grief of a death , one must know something of the life , no ? That 's the assumption of a movie like Silkwood . It is not assumed in A Mighty Heart , which tells us precious little about Mariane and Danny
Angelina Jolie 's intelligently tucked-in performance as Mariane avoids grandstanding , receding instead into the intricate tapestry of Michael Winterbottom 's tense and authentically relayed film .
As impressive as Jolie 's transformation is , the film 's real star is director Michael Winterbottom , who never lets the high-profile actress overwhelm his film , which is more of a character piece than a kidnapping drama .
British director Michael Winterbottom tells the story with an intelligence and restraint worthy of the subject .
Detailed and quietly moving .
This docudrama manages to be gripping even though the outcome is no mystery .
A worthy film on a great , tragic subject .
A taut , meticulously crafted police procedural . Part thriller , part melodrama , A Mighty Heart recalls last year 's United 93 in its technical prowess and artistry , and in its harrowing emotional arc .
An enormously moving document of the tense days between Pearl 's capture and the news that he was dead .
The sheer force of the story , fueled by the commitment and passion of Winterbottom and his cast , counts for a lot . And in a season of superheroes , sequels and special effects , a smart movie for smart people is always welcome .
Does n't quite know what it wants to be , which means that it ultimately winds up being not very much at all .
Both benefits and suffers from Jolie , who delivers a quality performance while her mega-star wattage shifts the focus from the front page to the gossip page .
A story that , in the hands of a lesser talent , would have been a CBS Movie of the Week
Jolie is a force here , though Winterbottom manages to keep her contained within his picture 's documentary style .
Riveting for every second , A Mighty Heart is the most commercial film that director Michael Winterbottom has made in the ' 00s , but it 's just as uncompromising as The Road to Guantanamo .
I am glad I saw it , but I never want to see it again .
A docudramatic TV movie at heart , and there 's something unseemly about the film 's inherently predictable build to Pearl 's climactic grief .
A fine summertime distraction for discerning older audiences , even if it does n't quite pack the punch of similar titles like Missing and Under Fire .
The elliptical narrative also recalls Fernando Meirelles ' somewhat similarly themed The Constant Gardener , a film ultimately more heartfelt and accessible to mainstream audiences because its maker is unafraid of grief and explores it more deeply .
It plays as a pandering vanity project for Angelina Jolie .
For a big chunk in the middle it feels like a standard crime drama -- though it 's a strikingly crafted and stirring one .
-LSB- L -RSB- ike a stinging slap in the face ... . there 's a kind of culture-shockiness to it ...
Typical of director Michael Winterbottom 's integrity , a fast-paced and compassionate look at all the complicated forces surrounding the attempt to rescue kidnapped reporter Danny Pearl in Pakistan in 2002
Jolie lets us understand Mariane , and Winterbottom 's film puts the viewer in her shoes .
Wildly inconsistent and sometimes infuriating director Winterbottom takes the Daniel Pearl story and turns it into a slog through complex and confusing Middle East politics .
Timely and morally complicated , it captures the desperation and intensity of the tragic five-week manhunt for Daniel Pearl .
Given the pitfalls the director 's achievement is considerable ... makes its point without falling into the Stanley Kramer trap of becoming obvious and smugly didactic about it .
All too often , the point of the story collapses under the weight of -LSB- director Winterbottom 's -RSB- political priorities . He 's a prolific Don Quixote , committed to tilting cinematic windmills , but he goes about the job clumsily .
There 's hardly a moment when Jolie is on-screen that you ca n't sense the presence of make-up artists and hair stylists hovering anxiously just off frame .
Our news media is letting us down and killing us with frivolity ; thank God Michael Winterbottom is there trying to take up the slack .
Angelina Jolie 's powerful performance is the true heart and soul of what 's often a rather clinical missing persons investigation .
The movie , directed by Michael Winterbottom , lies about as far from the trials of Lara Croft as is cinematically possible .
For those who know the story , all the rushing about soon seems redundant and unnecessary , but perhaps those who do n't will bring more patience to the story .
A labyrinth of corruption and buzz words that resonate with anxiety and afford some narrative confusion .
A Mighty Heart is clipped , blunt , and grimly realistic .
Winterbottom 's aversion to sentimentality does n't mean you wo n't be moved by A Mighty Heart .
Angelina Jolie gives one of the most commanding and moving performances of her career .
Any story being told where the conclusion is anticipated and inevitable retains an enormous , likely insurmountable narrative disadvantage .
The film 's strict avoidance of exploitation and sensationalism only adds to the film 's emotional impact .
Mariane Pearl is a Spartan wife with a steel base throughout the horrific ordeal skillfully directed by Michael Winterbottom .
The twisting of narrative perspective that pushes the missing man 's wife so insistently into the foreground makes A Mighty Heart a mighty challenge .
The movie 's frantic bustle releases into an explosion of grief when Mariane finds out what we already know .
Bad Michael Winterbottom movies are not uncommon , but none have been as useless as A Mighty Heart .
Those willing to stay with this often demanding film , though , will find an unusually balanced view that celebrates not only Mariane 's courage , but the Pakistanis who fought valiantly on her behalf .
`` A Mighty Heart , '' like the other post-9 / 11 Hollywood movies -LRB- `` United 93 '' and `` World Trade Center '' -RRB- , is a would-be documentary subject inflated with promotion in its incarnation as a narrative feature .
Not many movies can break your heart , keep your adrenaline racing and remind you of life 's value all at once .
The director 's rapid-fire and choppy editing gives you a genuine feel for the many different sides of Karachi , and the urgency of the investigation .
A straightforward , highly competent thriller . As you 'd expect from English director Michael Winterbottom , the picture possesses levels of moral complication that are at first invisible ; it feels like an extra-long episode of 24 .
Michael Winterbottom has become a master at relating dramatic true stories in a documentary style .
A compelling , intellectually and emotionally engaging film .
As Mariane , wife of slain jounralist Daniel Pearl , Angelina Jolie renders admirably understated performance , but Winterbottom 's political drama is too safe and middlebrow , unable to decide what it is about and whose side of the story it is telling .
The sad saga of slain Wall Street Journal reporter Danny Pearl has made it to the bigscreen with facts , figures and beating heart intact in A Mighty Heart .
-LSB- An -RSB- expertly fashioned documentary-style drama .






@highlight

Angelina Jolie conveys the full emotional range of a woman in a desperate situation in A Mighty Heart , an urgent yet tactful film about a difficult subject .