There 's nothing overtly awful about The Amazing Spider-Man except that it replaces the best elements of the previous versions with something far more cynical and calls it progress .
Ultimately , this is a by-the-numbers superhero reboot where the only thing super about it is that it feels superfluous .
The Amazing Spider-Man is fun but by no means does it live up to its hype .
... the rebooted franchise action film is so much more than the sum of its very adept and tantalizing parts .
As far as new beginnings go , this is a pretty good start . The Amazing Spider-Man injects some new life into the superhero story .
It has the talent , the already endearing subject , but fails to deliver on the promise it had before .
When -LRB- if -RRB- this movie comes to mind a few years down the line , I imagine I 'll be thinking less about any specific scene than the fact that it has so much wasted potential .
Leaner and meaner with a touch of Bruce Lee , the spider suit 's finally right : the eyes dangerous , webbing weaponized . Garfield looks more like the illustrated Peter Parker .
The film is lively because of Andrew Garfield , who makes Spider-Man reckless , dashing , humorous .
`` The Amazing Spider-Man '' plays things agonizingly safe , and while the film is n't without a heartbeat , its failure to take any chances keeps it from flight .
The Amazing Spider-Man deserves two and a half cheers . Its physics are cartoonish and its metaphysics are nonexistent , but it 's a teen-pic with a brain , and that 's worth celebrating .
I felt , with this film , that the use of 3D was actually exhilarating .
Just when you think this whole superhero business means the end of civilization as we know it , along comes a glimmer of hope . The Amazing Spider-Man , amazingly , lives up to its billing .
While it never soars to the heights of Raimi 's first two films , it manages to be at once exhilarating , hilarious and bold .
The story works hard to integrate various elements from Spidey 's history , and the score works even harder to let you know what you should be feeling at any given moment .
Although less than amazing , The Amazing Spider-Man is still plenty good enough to deliver big grins , thrills and a welcome tug on the heartstrings .
Thanks to this stellar retelling , Andrew Garfield 's spin will be going global .
Sam Raimi 's Spider-Man 2 still reigns as the supreme Spider-Man movie adventure , but Marc Webb 's energized reboot The Amazing Spider-Man has its own set of attractive super powers .
Thankfully , Webb 's Peter Parker/Spider-Man is played by Andrew Garfield -LRB- whom you last saw in The Social Network -RRB- , who is fully up to the task .
The only thing amazing about Marc Webb 's reboot is how quickly a Hollywood studio can forget the lessons its own films have taught it .
The Amazing Spider-Man is n't so amazing , actually , and is a reboot of a remake , or a remake of a reboot , or a remake rebooted , and remade , rebootingly .
If you 've never seen 2002 's Spider-Man you may be more forgiving to this one , but comparisons favour the former in almost every respect .
It 's a classic , and the attraction is not the surprise of the plot , but to see how it 's done this time . The answer is : very smoothly .
The Amazing Spider-Man is frequently amazing . It 's an even better experience than the first Spider-Man , and it 's so far superior to Spider-Man 3 as to almost erase that lousy film from our memory .
It 's clear that nobody here really grasped why those Raimi Spider-Man tales were great . They gave you something that stuck with you , not something the studio is hoping you 've forgotten by the time they decide to make another one .
As far as totally needless remakes go , this is one of the better ones .
The Amazing Spider-Man puts genuine time and effort into making its central romance feel authentic , and for that it is exceptional . In every other respect , it is n't .
Could we please try telling a decent story for a change instead of worrying so much about setting up a damn franchise ?
Is ` The Amazing Spider-Man ' amazing ? Yes . But get ready to get caught in a web of recent nostalgia .
This reboot works with a freshness and seriousness that was often missing from the 2002 Tobey Maguire film .
The primary effect of this movie to keep conjuring up better movies .
This umphundredth origin story of a nerdy outsider turned unlikely crime fighter is surprisingly enjoyable .
Other than recasting and swapping out love interests for the spindly web-slinger , there 's nothing here that was n't there 10 years ago in the original .
The bigger standouts are scenes of character transformation . these moments alone are worth the price of admission . They are the reason to keep seeing summer blockbusters on a big screen . There are few new ideas , but still plenty of new thrills .
One good film deserves another .
One of the ten best films of 2012 .
The recasting works . If Maguire is the Spider-Man of Spidey co-creator Steve Ditko , this is the Spider-Man of artist John Romita : a little slicker , a little more modern . Spider-Man in skinny jeans , if you will .
For a superhero origin film , it 's pretty good , but it 's hardly amazing .
It 's almost impossible to watch the film without thinking of what could have -- and what already has -- been , therefore it 's extremely difficult to enjoy on its own merit .
I go to a Spider-Man movie to see the guy duke it out with powerful bad guys . I 'm simple that way . I do n't need a welter of convolutions .
This edgier Parker feels a more believable alter-ego - closer to the wise-cracking , ass-kicking hero from the comics and early animated TV series .
`` The Amazing Spider-Man '' is n't as dramatically revisionist as Christopher Nolan 's `` Batman Begins , '' but it 's as good as Raimi 's first `` Spider-Man '' film and darker , while still being tongue-in-cheek . That 's a tough tone to master .
A superior film that promises to age better than Sam Raimi 's films ...
The potential is there for a much bigger , better , Spider-Man movie universe to come , even if this movie does n't fully realize that potential .
We all know that Spider-Man 3 sucked , but did it have to come to this ? A ` one strike and you 're out ' policy ? I would have taken a Raimi/Maguire Spider-Man 4 over this retread any day .
Not quite ` amazing ' then , but there will always be a deserving audience for rock-solid superhero movies done with this kind of heart and care .
Dumbed down , tarted up , and almost shockingly uninspired , it 's the worst superhero movie since Green Lantern .
The Amazing Spider-Man may be a reboot , but it feels entirely fresh thanks to a strong , different interpretation of the Spider-Man mythos and tremendous performances from the excellent ensemble .
After the film 's runtime of over two hours , you may be surprised how little of it sticks with you .
`` The Amazing Spider-Man '' would be amazing if we did n't just see it a few years ago .
Director Marc Webb apparently did n't get the memo that the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink edition is strictly reserved for the DVD .
Apparently , only heroes who are in The Avengers get decent writers .
If , however , you want a perfectly entertaining and efficient movie , then this will prove to be actually rather fun .
Does n't feel like a remake , good or bad ... it feels like it already needs to be remade .
It 's unfortunate that the set pieces feel a little derivative of Raimi 's films , but that was always likely to be the case given the close proximity of this new film to its predecessors .
Loses the pop pleasure and inspiration of the original trilogy while never making a case for its own existence .
... one of the worst comic-book adaptations to come around in ages ...
While the film suffers from its rah-rah sentimentality , there is no better Spider-Man than Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone is wonderful .
A decent movie by any measurement , it ca n't avoid being compared to the previous films , by that standard it is n't a game changer but Webb shows considerable promise .
It 's like discovering a new formula to reach a similar result . `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' is slightly darker in tone and less campy than the `` Spider-Man '' films . Visually stunning , emotional , and intelligent ; `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' lives up to its name .
The directive given to the filmmakers behind The Amazing Spider-Man was undoubtedly : strut that teen angst .
The moments of `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' that work best are those between Peter and Gwen - a meeting of young minds that is awkwardly charming .
What 's preserved here is the essential attraction of Spider-Man -- an action hero who has had to learn rather than inherit his effectiveness .
While it feels a little messy , they get enough things right -LRB- like Garfield 's Peter Parker -RRB- .
Spider-man goes all cutesy-pants on us .
The new Spider-Man reboot is smart and - for an oft-told tale - surprisingly fresh despite some awkwardness in the script .
Not a necessary reboot but an exciting one after all . Plus Garfield , Stone and the other actors are right on target .
The biggest difference is that Sam Raimi 's 2002 Spider-Man managed to be an event and this does n't .
We begin to wish that The Amazing Spider-Man had the same joie de vivre as The Avengers .
Garfield does a witty impersonation of a teenager , complete with bad posture , mood swings and random over-application of sarcasm .
The most `` amazing '' thing about this 50-year-old superhero saga is that there 's still so much freshness , energy and fun to be spun , once again , from a story that Spidey fans already know so well .
Um caça-níqueis feito sob encomenda para atender as necessidades consumistas de fãs que já se mostravam determinados a amá-lo e defendê-lo antes mesmo de entrarem no cinema .
`` The Amazing Spider-Man '' has everything you could ask from a summer movie . Action , romance , imagination and smart writing .
Respectful and satisfying , and if it feels somewhat by-the-book safe , the basic foundation now effectively recemented , it solidly paves the way for bigger thrills and greater dramatic , cinematic heights .
Reboot entertains old and new fans
Like the poor , costumed superhero movies will be with us always , or at least until the cultural hegemony of the baby boomers ... finally dissipates .
The strong cohesive story and representation of adolescent identity give real depth to the action scenes .
This fresh take on the Marvel phenomenon - with its unabashed love match front and centre - opts to delve deeper into Parker 's troubled past .
A Conflicted Spider-Man .
The finished film is like a repeat of the chicken dinner you had the night before but with different seasoning .
Enter Peter Parker and the biggest hair this side of Kid 'n Play .
It is an entirely unnecessary remake , but a good one .
All hail the screenwriters who turned around a rotting franchise by bringing forth a troubled superhero and his conflicted nemesis . The love interest failed .
Special effects are flashy with lots computer generated F/X but ... the filmmakers also utilize live stunt work and motion capture , which I appreciate .
Peter Parker is no longer the geeky kid who locates the hero buried deep within . Now , he 's the poster boy for the iPhone generation , a surly hipster who just happens to be a superhero ... Still , this is n't to say this reboot should completely get the boot .
It 's not about the action as such , rather how the characters come to be as we travel down the path of their self-awareness . The action merely enhances this intriguing process .
Something Webb does very well is to build and capture the emotion of this story , even if his handling of plot and action leave something to be desired .
I 've heard a lot of griping that critics are objecting to the idea of a too-soon reboot more than to the movie itself . Let me make it clear that this critic -LRB- and longtime Spidey fan -RRB- is objecting to the sluggish pacing and sloppy storytelling .
the only real issue at hand is whether Webb 's version proves to be exhilarating entertainment in its own right-which it does in virtually every respect
Peter Parker is Peter Parker , and here he swings and misses .
A stale re-launch .
One of Marvel Comics ' popular titles in the 1980s was ` The Spectacular Spider-Man , ' and that adjective describes this film . Both familiar and fresh , it 's a spectacle with enough thrills and humor to satisfy most fans .
Better than Raimi 's version when it 's being different , after smart re-casting and a decade of perfecting special effects ... . Not enough of The Amazing Spider-Man is dissimilar ; the repetitive Spider-Man is more like it .
Fresh faces reinvigorate a franchise
Even though the new film comes up short compared to Raimi 's work , it still hits the mark .
Garfield is in his element , a moody teenager churning with angst and anger .
The Amazing Spider-Man has surprising agility . Its agility is n't so much in its special effects , which certainly are more than serviceable . Its agility comes in its acting , writing , and direction .
Even though this reboot may be unnecessary , now I ca n't wait until The Amazing Spider-man 2 .
Perfectly serviceable in its own right , but frustratingly never reaches beyond the adequate .
In what is a crowded , yet quality year for superhero films , The Amazing Spider-Man earns its right to the inevitable sequel .
Welcome back , Spider-Man . If you can keep this up . then long may you continue to amaze .
The Amazing Spider-Man proves that modern-day mythology is alive and well , and will be enjoyed by comic-book nerds - I mean , aficionados - and other punters alike .
This is a well made superhero film at a time when well-made superhero films are n't exactly hard to find ; your friendly neighbourhood Spider-Man 's neighbourhood is starting to get pretty crowded .
If you can get over the feeling that this is all very familiar , this superhero flick is a winner - nailing both the impressive action and the touching personal beats .
The film is perfectly satisfactory -- but there 's a profound sense of deja vu .
A beautifully acted and entertaining movie that does n't deliver as many thrills as one would hope from the genre .
It works well , without being quite good enough to banish the thought that it 's all about the box office .
Aside from the 3D animation looking fantastic and the film having a dark , complex feel to it that makes it feel more grown up , the primary reason worth watching is Andrew Garfield .
Spider-Man , Spider-Man , we expected more of you , Spider-Man .
Sure , this is a slightly different mythology , but it 's impossible to engage in a story that ca n't surprise us . Fortunately , the rom-com subplot is thoroughly involving .
No , you do n't need it . You did n't ask for it . But here it is . You could do worse this summer . Way worse .
A big part of the success of The Amazing Spider-Man is due to Andrew Garfield .
I 'm not convinced we actually needed a completely re-launch of the Spider-Man series just 10 years and three films after it started , but if we have to have one , The Amazing Spider-Man is a good one to have .
The plot might be predictable , but this fluid film has free-ranging fun with the physicality of what it feels like to be a spider , especially when tied to the emotions of a teenager .
What is amazing about this Spider-Man is the central performance of young Brit actor Andrew Garfield . His Spider-Man is a high school skater boy with a twisted vulnerability .
It 's not that ` The Amazing Spider-Man ' is unnecessary , it 's that it sucks - a pale , hollow imitation of a transcendent superhero trilogy .
Solid and entertaining , taking a familiar story and polishing it up for a new audience .
Only in Shakespeare land are you allowed to do the same story over and over again . With this version of Spider-Man , a lot of familiar territory leaves one bored and wanting more .
An action-packed ride with top-notch acting , great effects and stunt work , and a plot with more holes than a spider web .
Newcomers may enjoy the novelty , but it 's less involving for those who know where it 's all headed , making this not so much amazing entertainment , but more of a passing amusement .
... the movie needs a star at the center of Spider-Man 's web . Instead , it has a black hole .
It rarely stumbles into `` terrible , '' but this `` Spider-Man '' never rises to anything , either . Where 's the charm , the heart , the humor ?
As each generation 's attention span shortens so does their memory and that 's the formula used to reboot your friendly neighbourhood Spider-man , a perilously complicated birth of a new series
It appears that someone 's actually made a Spider-Man movie .
A highly enjoyable superhero movie with only a few minor flaws .
This functions as a much better-than-average blockbuster , and features some great uses of 3D ...
A prominently placed poster touting Einstein 's declaration that `` imagination is more important than knowledge '' is just about the only thing that passes for a ballsy move in a film fearful of both qualities .
This is a grittier webslinger saga , led by a Peter Parker with swagger and angst and a tone defined more by emotional resonance than wide-eyed wonder . It still has plenty of fizz .
The recent -- still in theatres , actually -- tag-team superhero epic Marvel 's The Avengers is so very much better than this dullish retread that I feel compelled to say that this Spider-Man is anything but amazing .
For an unnecessary reboot , the filmmakers and cast have attacked the material with pure hearts and dedication , and come up with a genuinely terrific super-hero movie .
It does n't quite justify the full-on reboot in the way - say - Batman Begins did , but this is a bold new direction that should open up Spider-Man 's appeal to a fresh audience .
Hugely enjoyable superhero reboot that works surprisingly well ...
Emma Stone seems like a saner , cleaner version of Lindsay Lohan . This is 2/3rds of an amazing movie ruined by a horrific 2nd act that completely redefines and changes the core of who Spider-Man is . He 's NOT Batman !
From a technical standpoint , Webb has woven a rock-solid superhero flick . Unfortunately , Webb 's film never quite shakes the feeling that we 've done all this before .
The casting is just right . As if moving back in time , Andrew Garfield is the Spidey Sean Connery , as opposed to Tobey Maguire 's Roger Moore .
British actor Andrew Garfield replaces Tobey Maguire and makes for a twitchy and charming Spidey .
I think a viewer who has n't seen any of the other Spidey movies , who is disposed to enjoying this sort of thing at all , would find this one perfectly serviceable . The problem is that few such people exist .
In what appears to be an attempt to redefine movie mediocrity , the Spider-Man saga comes in for a half-hearted retelling so pedestrian it often has trouble distinguishing itself from the 2002 Sam Raimi film we 're all supposed to have forgotten about .
Not that it 's made at any particular level of incompetence , but that it 's made with absolutely no inspiration whatsoever .
The biggest problem with The Amazing Spider-Man is that the entire first hour of the film is achingly familiar ... However , there are some nice improvements
For a film that claimed to be all about telling the untold story of the origin of Spider-Man , The Amazing Spider-Man is surprisingly shallow .
This might be a fun summer blockbuster if only it even remotely needed to exist .
The Amazing Spider-Man is as much a contract as it is a movie , filled out , signed and delivered in front of our eyes .
The flair and depth of Raimi 's first two efforts highlight exactly how amazingly mediocre this Spider-Man is .
A conventional superhero ` reboot ' with none of the comic-book snap and Pop Art pop that made Raimi 's first two Spider-Man films such , um , marvels .
Does the world need a ` Spider-Man ' reboot five years after Sam Raimi 's ` Spider-Man 3 ' ? No . Does Sony Corporation need to lift its stock price ? Yes . Swing , Spidey swing !
The Amazing Spider-Man is considerably more fun-and , yes , even touching-than so premature a reboot had any right to be .
By the time the climactic battle turns out to be yet another showdown atop a huge skyscraper , it 's clear that the movie does n't have a single original idea going for it .
At least the supporting cast know who they are , with strong showings by Martin Sheen , Sally Field , and Denis Leary .
On the whole , it 's passable stuff , a surprise , given how mechanical the masked character seemed .
There 's nothing inherently wrong with The Amazing Spider-Man , but in the immortal words of Yogi Berra , it 's déjà vu all over again .
The Amazing Spider-Man reminds me a lot of Let Me In -LRB- the American remake of the exquisite Swedish vampire film Let the Right One In -RRB- -- neither one 's a bad movie yet both are rather unnecessary .
If you 've seen half a dozen superhero films , and the box office results suggest you have , then you 've also seen what `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' has to offer .
It 's still all too familiar . And that 's basically my gripe here and it 's a big one . I do n't want to see this same story again .
Astutely cast , soundly directly , and penned by a bevy of screendom 's top writers , this actioner swings from effective drama to endearing teen romance to campy monster brawls , all in glorious 3-D .
While it 's a breezy and enjoyable two hours , unlike the best of this still burgeoning genre , there 's almost nothing to take home with you after the lights go up .
At 28 , Garfield 's slightly older than Maguire was when he played Peter Parker in 2002 , but his combination of fresh-faced innocence , nervous agitation and wry humor is immediately appealing .
Action-packed series reboot has lots to offer Spidey fans .
This is what Spider-Man should have been all along . It 's a little slow early . It 's slow late . The middle , however , is packed with action , humor and fun .
The Amazing Spider-Man is one confused mixed bag of a superhero movie .
I do n't know that this re-boot was necessary . But it certainly has legs .
The movie 's first act simply curls up in the corner as if Parker were bitten by a radioactive sloth .
Here comes another Spider-dude : This Andrew Garfield guy . So he 'd better be really something , right ? Well , as it happens , he is .
The Amazing Spider-Man succeeds as a great love story but ultimately fails as a super hero flick . Should you see the film in 2D ? 3D ? or 3D IMAX ? Click for full review !
Is n't awful enough to be truly memorable but it certainly does n't offer anything new , trudging through most of the same plot details that Sam Raimi covered with personality and style in his trilogy .
But even though the Spider-Man franchise lifecycle moves at a speed that would impress fruit flies , at least quality has n't been sacrificed in the name of expediency .
Much of The Amazing Spider-Man has been seen before , in a better film with a more delirious director , making this unofficial remake puzzling .
As long as the film is well-written , well-acted and well-executed , then bring it on . After all , I 've read hundreds of his stories in comics growing up . If the films are at least this good - I 'll watch hundreds also .
the aptly named Marc Webb ... succeeds by producing a film that is not overtly comic-booky , one that feels like a more old fashioned film with real stunts and more human consequences to its action , despite being shot in the now fashionable 3D format
-LSB- A -RSB- ll the gee-whiz webslinging action in the world ca n't hide the fact the whole endeavor is the same old crap with a new coat of paint .
It actually leaves us very interested in possible sequels . Considering how things could have gone , that 's pretty ... well ... amazing .
There is fun to be had here as Garfield explores Parker 's new powers , but I never felt much for the beloved character . Even the classic death of Uncle Ben becomes a perfunctory exercise .
There 's far less wonder and amazement than in Raimi 's initial outing .
As enjoyable as `` Amazing '' is , we have seen a lot of it before -- and quite recently .
This hugely elaborate production is supposed to be the reboot of a foundering franchise , but rebooting a computer wipes the silicon slate clean . In the movie , what 's old is old again .
The cast is top-drawer , the movie is competent , but beats are essentially the same , and as a fan of the `` original , '' I found that frustrating .
The utter familiarity of the material adds a layer to tedium to the movie that eventually consumes it entirely .
The Amazing Spider-Man defies the odds , keeping the series very much alive under Sony 's watch , without being buried under its own baggage .
While not as refreshing as the first Tobey Maguire film , the new production boasts a fine , anguished performance by Andrew Garfield and should appeal to Spidey neophytes .
... a familiar superhero origin story with a new cast and a presentation that is competently constructed if conceptually lazy .
Perhaps most surprisingly of all , they emotionally hooked me at various times throughout , thus giving the film -- at least to yours truly -- some deeper resonance than I was expecting . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Brings fresh faces and 3-D bells and whistles to the adventures of a moody nerd-boy who gets bitten by a radioactive arachnid and morphs into a smart-talking , web-slinging , thug-busting superhero .
How amazing can it be ? We all just saw this movie when `` Spider-Man '' came out a decade ago .
It 's the most anonymous superhero film since Green Lantern .
Though the very idea of rebooting Spider-Man only five years after the last sequel enraged geeks everywhere , The Amazing Spider-Man is just that .
I was 100 % against this reboot of the Spider-Man franchise , but I was 100 % wrong .
How perfect is it that the Spider-Man director 's last name is Webb ? It 's like having a Superman movie directed by a guy named Cape or a Ghost Rider movie made by someone named Crap .
I can think of no reason to be angry at the existence of Marc Webb 's The Amazing Spider-Man , even if it does come a mere ten years after Sam Raimi 's original . There is cause , however , to be mildly disappointed .
Surprises and entertains but ca n't shake the feeling that it 's as engineered as those radioactive spiders .
Justifying the re-launch is a hurdle Webb is never quite able to clear , but what he does accomplish is making the most spectacular version of Spider-Man put to film yet .
Exhilaratingly vertiginous .
I do n't think adding realism to every superhero story is the right way to go . It worked for THE DARK KNIGHT , but just because that was successful does n't mean you need to do that for every character from a comic book .
It 's a generally well-made picture , better for its visuals than its human component . But did it need to be made , and so soon ?
Where the otherwise humdrum movie excels , aside from the appropriately dazzling CG and 3D , is in its ironic humor .
It spends a lot of time improving Spidey 's gear -- textured Spandex , stronger webbing -- but fails to do the one thing it was created to do : bring something new to a familiar tale .
Pretty good summer flick !
a fine grafting of Cold War paranoia about the atom onto the current paranoia about gene splicing .
While it 's still tough to say that we did indeed need another Spider-Man movie , it 's a thrill to confirm that nobody could have done it better than Webb and Garfield .
The idea that to be rendered superhuman is neither some sombre moral privilege nor a queasy Faustian temptation but a prelude to ungovernable slapstick might be just what the genre needs .
Now that all the fussy exposition has been taken care of , the real fun can begin in earnest : Long may he weave .
the first thing white kids will do with superpowers is dunk
Webb does n't elevate the reboot as much as keep its head above water , while pedaling furiously below the surface . He proves himself skilled at technically sophisticated multiplex fare without losing track of the narrative threads .
-LSB- I -RSB- had no specific desire to see the series resuscitated . But watching Garfield and Stone made me think doing so was n't such a bad idea ...
The Amazing Spider-Man is at least better than Raimi 's Spider-Man 3 , which was a mess .
It 's a nice try , but you wish all this talent could bring us something we have n't seen before . Sorry , Spidey .
Do we really need another Spider-Man ? If , rather than some dreary talking animal fest or any of a gazillion Bruckheimer/Bay detonation derbies , we get a dazzling IMAX-ian redboot reboot ? Then yes , yes , we do .
This amounts to entertaining summer diversion , to be sure , with solid , albeit actorly performances all around . But Webb 's insistence on naturalism does not exactly add dramatic gravity to the story 's more outré elements .
Mr. Webb 's Spider-Man movie works only because he keeps the whole package , at least until the requisite final blowout , tethered to his two appealing leads .
With great stories come great responsibilities . This one does n't measure up .
This is the second-best Spider-Man movie yet made . In the previous trilogy , only Spider-Man 2 surpasses it .
This overlong , hackneyed version of the Spider Man franchise is a bore .
More honourable than `` amazing , '' the latest reboot of the Spider-man franchise brings Marvel Comics web-slinging super-hero down to earth , in a mostly satisfactory way .
It appears that Hollywood is having a severe drought when it comes to original ideas .
The whiz-bang stuff does n't kick in until the Peter-Gwen relationship -LRB- which is the best thing in the movie -RRB- is firmly established .
This fourth installment is a complete reboot , returning to the web-slinger 's creation story , and Garfield , more than any other factor , contributes to the sense of a darker vision along the lines of The Dark Knight .
Did we need another Spider-Man this quickly ? Debatable . But if you wanted a new interpretation -- especially one where story and action stay in the right balance -- this is it .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's almost as if director Marc Webb is himself bored with the material .
It 's a tribute to the enduring strength of the wall-crawling superhero that this redundant origin story is as good as it is . Well , that and Andrew Garfield 's excellent performance as the title .
... if you 're not sick of superhero movies by now , this is a relatively decent one .
It accepts that there are thousands of people in Hollywood who can wield CGI like Harry Potter 's wand , so why not put the next chapter of Spider-Man in the hands of someone who 's more comfortable with humans than with computers ?
None of this is new to us , but Garfield and Webb make it feel convincingly fresh and exciting .
From the first image of sensory awakening to the final acceptance of adult responsibility , it pulses with the warm blood of a very human hero .
Sam who ?
While the Big Moments might disappoint , the more intimate ones ... are surprisingly strong , thanks to Garfield 's deft performance . He makes the movie worth watching .
A reasonably competent superhero film that nevertheless has just about no reason to exist
The nerve-racking duality of his character 's situation is all there in Garfield 's face and body language .
Director Marc Webb 's action-adventure is grounded in a recognizable reality , but is also full of thrills . It 's dark and mysterious , but does n't skimp on fun .
While THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN occasionally feels slightly repetitious and drawn out , it is still an impressive film thanks to Webb 's unique take on the already familiar legend of SPIDER-MAN .
The Amazing Spider-Man ? That 's a stretch . More like the Halfhearted Spider-Man . The Just-Sorta-There Spider-Man . The Familiar Spider-Man .
What does amaze along the way , with comical pit stops like Peter 's sudden yen for pigging out on quite frozen mac and cheese , is the distraught young male world of powerless patriarchs and bad dad role models . Sometimes I feel like a fatherless child .
The Amazing Spider-Man has its good points , the primary leads and romance , but lacks fluidity and presence of a great villain .
Bungles who Spider-Man is , where he 's coming from . This is n't the only problem ... but , for me , it 's the most intractable , because it undermines the hero 's moral center .
It 's escapist entertainment that does n't warrant too much scrutiny ; it is what it is , a paperback comic given a hard cover
With startling visual effects giving a wondrous sense of freedom , I felt as though I was flying in some of the sequences in which Spider-Man swings his way through New York 's skyscrapers like a trapeze artist on speed
I mostly had a good time , though I do n't know that it 'll stand up to repeat viewings ; something tells me the issues I 've got with it would only get worse if I see it again ...
If you think you 've seen this all before - you have . Yet you have n't seen it quite like this - so shiny , so spectacular , so literally `` Amazing . ''
For all its underlying cynicism , the new Spidey picture is pretty damn good .
A different director , Marc Webb , and different stars Emma Stone , in an exceptional , captivating performance , and Andrew Garfield make this iteration worth seeing .
There 's something inherently depressing about what this movie says about the state of summer blockbusters in general and superhero movies in particular .
Simply by serving as a vessel for that story , `` The Amazing Spider-Man '' is agreeable . And occasionally it 's more .
As a new chapter in the superpowered arachnid saga , it stands on its own quite nicely , focusing more on human emotions than on a panoply of special effects .
Garfield and Stone are good enough to ensure that you wo n't miss their predecessors , but you may well wonder where Doc Ock is now that we really need him .
Watching Garfield swinging through New York or toying with criminals after he captures them is reason enough to welcome another telling of the tale .
For all its action sequences and swoops and swings , I found it hard to get remotely excited by The Amazing Spider-Man .
The only thing amazing about this movie is how badly it goes off the rails .
A spectacular , satisfying summer blockbuster offering the perfect air-conditioned escape from the sweltering heat wave .
Not Even Ah-Mah-Zing ...
` The Amazing Spider-Man ' is dizzying entertainment that once it gets going will hold you as firmly as one of Spidey 's webs .
A messy collection of ideas .
Sony 's reboot , which is based on strictly commercial and demographic calculations , is an intelligent and satisfying , if not terribly exciting chapter , benefiting from the chemistry between Garfield and Emma Stone .
The intoxicating charm of Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone will distract audiences from the muddled screenplay .
The Amazing Spider-man is just that . It 's a legitimate epic wrapped up in the tale of one mixed up young man .
Director Marc Webb seems to have made The Amazing Spider-Man because ... he was hired .
It 's a little darker and more grounded in reality , but for the most part , it 's the same Spider-Man that everyone knows and loves .
Had the film arrived 10 years ago , we would be celebrating it as a very decent translation of a venerable source . But there really are n't any radical swerves on display .
Even though the story is familiar it 's hand to not get drawn into its own unique web .
Whatever your thoughts about rebooting the Spider-Man franchise after a mere five years in mothballs , The Amazing Spider-Man winds up being a thrilling and , occasionally , even exhilarating spin on a familiar saga .
Spider-Man earns his revival as a normal , likably conflicted guy who can legitimately get the girl not because of his costume , but the character of the guy inside .
An inexcusably good reboot-thing ...
No mutation is necessary to clearly see that Marvel 's `` reboot '' of their signature franchise is an unimaginative remake of Sam Raimi 's 2002 Spider-Man .
... an entertaining superhero film with solid performances from Garfield , Sheen , Stone and Ifans , a serviceable one from Leary and a painful one from Field .
Marc Webb succeeds in breathing new life into this Marvel favourite .
To reboot the franchise so soon seemed unnecessary . As it turns out , The Amazing Spider-Man is pretty , well , amazing .
Do we really need to sit through this story all over again ? Sony and Marvel Enterprises are hoping so ... .
All due respect to Sam Raimi and Tobey Maguire , but this is QUITE A BIT better than any of the other Spider-Man films . Garfield and Stone are terrific .
All the retrogressive , self-replicating signatures of a Summer tentpole have been spliced into its very DNA , ensuring its box-office survival , but also limiting its capacity to evolve . This is Web 2.0 , but certainly no paradigm-shifting Metaverse .
Do we really need another Spider-Man movie ? As long as it 's this much fun - yes , yes , we do .
If we did n't really need to be told Spidey 's origin story again , at least it 's done with more detail and provides better reasons for why Peter Parker throws himself into his superhero role .
Caring about the people involved helps immensely in the third act , when the movie is overtaken by dazzling effects work and epic fights with the somewhat generic , dinosaur-like baddie .
-LCB- VIDEO ESSAY -RCB- Spidey 2.0 has some very good things going for it - 3D effects , sadly are not among them .
Happily Spider-Man 4 deals largely with human relationships and romance rather than non-stop action .
What 's most amazing in The Amazing Spider-Man turns out to be not the shared sensations of blockbuster wow ! the picture elicits , but rather the shared satisfactions of intimate awww .
I do n't really see why the Spidey reboot was needed right now , but The Amazing Spider-Man has its virtues . Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone are stellar and director Marc Webb has crafted a Spider-Man that touches the heart .
If Sony has to keep making these movies , this is as good a way to go as any .
Like Timothy Dalton playing James Bond , some fans may not realize that this is how Peter is in the comic books . He 's not your friendly neighborhood web slinger ... he 's a revenge bound vigilante .
Sometimes dull and mostly uninspired , it 's much less a satisfying reboot like `` Batman Begins '' than a pointless rehash in the mode of `` Superman Returns . ''
We never thought we wanted Spider-Man back so soon . This Spider-Man can stay . And he can bring , as he no doubt will , more friends .
Garfield is a fine substitute for Maguire , but did n't we already see this film ten years ago ?
Horror of Giant Lizard < Horror of Adolescence
Webb knows how to convey a lot with very little dialogue , and in one film he 's already established an impressive bond between his leads .
Do n't believe the marketing : this is the same old boring origin story all over again . Watch Peter Parker get bitten ! Watch him discover his spider-powers ! Watch him use them on the `` school bully '' before taking them to the street to fight crime !
For the first hour of The Amazing Spider-Man , you 'll be forgiven for feeling serious deja vu .
A blockbuster with heart , humour and brilliantly staged scenes both dramatic and action packed . In other words , The Amazing Spider-Man is a reboot that 's up there in quality to Batman Begins and Casino Royale .
One character innocently asks Peter , as he looks for an ID badge , `` Are you having trouble finding yourself ? '' Maybe just a little , but consider the franchise relaunched ... -LSB- Blu-ray 3D -RSB-
Against all of the odds this 3D reboot is an engagingly action-packed and freewheeling affair , blessed with perfect chemistry between Brit Andrew Garfield and Hollywood star Emma Stone and some grandstanding special effects moments .
Affection for the characters carries the day ... and with its high caliber cast the prospect of a sequel is not unwelcome .
The film has a great sense of cinematic power , but little responsibility in making it interesting .
An awesome , new spin on the familiar fantasy , delivering emotional truth along with spectacular visual effects .
The `` Amazing '' Spider-Man does n't earn its moniker . The fresh directorial approach , darker origins and youthful flavour is suffocated by the obligation of laying all too familiar foundations to the Spidey-verse .
People who are so caught up on it being a reboot need to get over it . It stands on its own as a superhero film . It may take a while for the action to get going , but once it does , it is the most true adaptation we have seen of the web slinger to date .
Just like Spiderman , when this movie runs into a dead end , it gets itself out very quickly . I enjoyed being totally immersed in this world . If they want to take their time telling the story it 's cool with me because I loved watching this movie .
For a film which feels almost depressingly-familiar , it still becomes an exciting thrill ride with an interesting , watery test for Spidey 's newfound web-slinging prowess .
A fresh perspective . It 's another artist taking a stab at a classic character . And I adore it . There are subtle creative differences , but the joy comes in absorbing the nuances of this alternate Spider-Man universe .
The Amazing Spider-Man is a balanced mix of bright and dark , fun and angsty , fast-moving and deliberately ponderous -- just like its hero .
The Amazing Spider-Man has no new spin . That is unless `` not as much fun '' is their new spin .
A paint-by-numbers pleasure : Boy meets girl , boy meets spider , spider meets world .
The Amazing Spider-Man lives up to its name -- and that , True Believers , is an amazing feat indeed . Excelsior !
The marketing has advertised this version as ` The Untold Story ' of Spider-Man 's origin . To me , it felt a lot more like the retold story .
This film 's got one major issue that nothing can overcome , and that is a profound feeling of ` been there , done that . '
As a longtime comic-book fan and Spidey enthusiast , how can I be so blasé about his latest big-screen incarnation ?
May not offer the obvious and immediate satisfaction of Sam Raimi 's movies , but they 've certainly set up solid groundwork for another great superhero franchise .
Garfield plays Peter as more of a misunderstood outsider , a rebel with a chip on his shoulder , a guy who was n't afraid to stand up to the class bully even before he underwent his transformation .
Anchored by Andrew Garfield 's heartfelt performance as the lovably nerdy Peter Parker , this `` Spider-Man '' may not be amazing , but it 's certainly good enough .
It 's an efficient piece of corporate film-making , but nothing more .
A mostly slick , entertaining and emotionally involving recombination of fresh and familiar elements .
Graced with great performances from Garfield and Stone , The Amazing Spider-Man is a rare comic-book flick that is better at examining relationships than superheroism .
Leaping back onto the screen with a new cast , crew , costume and a whole new array of daddy issues , The Amazing Spider-Man reboots the top grossing Marvel franchise to altogether satisfying results .
Has characters you can fall in love with , and bags of charm . The series is in safe hands .
We 're never far from romance or laughs , and at times ` The Amazing Spider-Man ' feels like a romcom upgraded to include 3D and industrial cobwebs .
Yet another generation will bear the Spiderman emblem on their lunchboxes and pencilcases , and there 's no harm in that . With great power comes great responsibility -- and an endless franchise .
Shame . We finally get a British superhero , and he 's a bit boring .
The leads charm , the action crackles and the grooves are well-laid for part two .
Webb successfully treads a fine line between keeping the hardcore superhero-movie fans happy and injecting a dose of meaningful affect .
The Avengers fans have enough heroes already . What a thrill to see one fighting for another cause .

@highlight

A well-chosen cast and sure-handed direction allow The Amazing Spider-Man to thrill , despite revisiting many of the same plot points from 2002 's Spider-Man .