As an action film , The Bourne Ultimatum is in a class of its own .
-LSB- Greengrass ' -RSB- skillful use of handheld cameras and rapid fire editing help make this a truly visceral experience .
t 's full of tension , but it 's also disturbing on another level : it 's hard not to be reminded of recent events .
This is really great action cinema .
Director Paul Greengrass returns to guide the cast as they run furiously around the streets of London , Madrid , Tangiers and New York , and the genre material benefits greatly from his paranoid documentary style .
Unsuspecting punters may think , ` Well , I 've seen the first two , so I might as well find out how the story ends ' -- but , if so , they 're going to be disappointed .
If it feels like a non-stop demolition derby , at least there 's a responsible driver at the wheel . The British director Paul Greengrass makes everything seem more plausible with twitchy camerawork and even twitchier editing .
When camera operators are moving around a set more than the actors , it may be time to scale back a bit . Fortunately , Bourne finds some sort of violent pick-me-up at each stop on his worldwide vengeance tour .
I 'm sure a lot of people will find it thrilling . Me , I just wanted to get headache -LSB- or -RSB- seasickness tablets .
The Bourne Ultimatum is a fitting end to one of the finest blockbuster franchises of recent years .
Jason Bourne , the character , may not be as memorable as some other action hero icons , but he has qualities that impress .
The combination of Greengrass 's muscular direction , Damon 's soulful performance , a classy cast and some expert action make this a must-see movie .
This double-venti thriller is the best movie I 've seen this summer .
The story of Jason Bourne is the story of the spy movie all grown up .
Anything James Bond can do , it seems , Jason Bourne can do , too .
Of the huge summer threequels , without question it 's the one delivered with urgency .
Occasionally the fights and chases take on a chaotic quality that 's far from crystal clear . Yet somehow it still works , because the director has created such a pervasive atmosphere of restlessness and tension that you find yourself in Bourne 's skin .
It all would have been my kind of fun if I could have had a better look at it .
Nothing is overplayed , from the scary surveillance tracking methods to the high-level corruption , making this a superbly crafted masterclass in intelligent action film-making .
It may seem odd to praise a big-budget action flick for its maturity , but Paul Greengrass ' The Bourne Ultimatum unequivocally proves that a summer blockbuster need n't be brainless to be exciting .
Bourne -- or whatever his name really is -- is such a resourceful and reckless agent of chaos , we thrill to him despite the fact that he 's officially a non-entity .
You know , I used to think Matt Damon was kinda like a Streisand , but he 's rocking the shit in this one .
Beneath the heart-racing action , Ultimatum strains to show how aggressive Bush-era tactics lead to our moral ruin .
While the crunchy fights and unflagging pace ensure this delivers as genre spectacle , the muddy ethics also make for a pleasing contrast with standard-issue wham-bammery .
The third Bourne movie keeps us enthralled by tapping into the surveillance-induced paranoia of the CCTV era .
We need an action hero to fit the times . Someone confused . Jason Bourne .
The Bourne Ultimatum is a thrilling and riveting action movie , played out on a global backdrop and a liberal political tone .
Greengrass comes full circle from the War on Terror film that bit its tongue to the popcorn flick that speaks volumes .
The best action film so far this summer .
Um desfecho à altura do ótimo padrão estabelecido pela trilogia , ainda surpreende graças a uma inteligente estrutura que , brincando com a linha narrativa da série , comprova o cuidadoso trabalho dos realizadores em sua concepção .
The Bourne Ultimatum keeps the pedal to the floor and burns serious rubber .
A significant achievement , held back but not much diminished by the unavoidable excesses of the genre .
two hours of powerful action and ultimate escapism
Ultimatum is n't just the best film of the franchise - it 's the best action film of 2007 .
As spy flicks go , The Bourne Ultimatum is the perfect chaser to this successful series .
It twists and turns without losing its footing , and its hero , an international man of mystery even to himself , is always ahead of the game , daring his would-be assailants - and the audience - to guess his next move . The trick is to try and keep up .
The Bourne Ultimatum rencontre , et surpasse même , haut la main les standards de qualité déjà très élevés fixés par ses prédécesseurs .
Do n't get me wrong , I love these films . But they really are just mindless action movies -- just done INCREDIBLY well .
Everything in The Bourne Ultimatum is faster , grittier and more brutal
Despite all the globe-trotting , the on location shooting combined with the gritty street-level acrobatics lend a palpable sense of reality and suspense .
In this era of elaborate , futuristic anti-terrorist operations , it 's apparently gadget accessorized couch potato sleuthing all the way .
A trio of superb cat-and-mouse sequences ... more effectively pinpoint Bourne 's psychological anxiety and confusion than Damon 's robotic , one-note performance .
Como film de acción es excelente , pero todo sucede tan rápido y muchas cosas se resuelven de manera tan fácil -LRB- ... -RRB- que en definitiva sólo interesa por su tenso y enérgico despliegue físico .
Because the Bourne films have n't put up the blockbuster numbers that warrant Entertainment Weekly cover stories they are n't recognized for what they are - the smartest and most technically superb action films since Die Hard .
The adrenaline rush the film produces disguises a rather thin plotline , and helps the viewer overlook the nearly suffocating air of self-seriousness .
o Greengrass aposafinizei ti diafora toy na koynas tin kamera gia na mi blepoyme ti -LRB- den -RRB- kaneis , kai toy na koynas tin kamera kai na niothoyme ti drasi sta miniggia
Not only far and away this summer 's best three-peat , it 's a pulse-pounding peak to Matt Damon 's spy trilogy .
As badass as Bourne is , the film tends to forget it is n't Unbreakable .
The fast-paced nature of action films does n't augment the sometimes-clichéd narrative .
`` The Bourne Ultimatum '' is supreme entertainment .
It is exhilarating , and when it is over , you just want to get right back in line to ride it again .
A direct rebuke of the pro-torture `` 24 , '' arguing that torture is n't just cruel to the tortured , but to those who are asked to torture .
It 's the perfect way to close out such an incredible and influential franchise , period ...
Not everything in these films is credible , but such a degree of surveillance seems highly plausible .
As good as the first two films were , as well as they redefined the action espionage thriller , the third film falls victim to its own innovation .
Zzzzzzzzz .
Baby , he was Bourne to run .
It 's the property 's most relentless thriller , but director Paul Greengrass ' visual style almost ruins it .
... a state of the art machine , all bumpy kineticism and raw knuckles
Damon 's involuntary flair for springing into an *** - whopping whirlwind is rivaled by his gift for staring into space and projecting smudged flashbacks onto his eyelids .
A multi-layered , multi-national thriller that delivers on every count , including raising issues of morality , which are at the heart of the film
The fact that it 's such a well-made film and wraps up the trilogy 's loose ends with such style and fun is icing on the proverbial cake .
If this really is the last we 've seen of Jason Bourne , at least he can head off into retirement knowing that he 's earned a well-deserved rest .
A pulse-pounding , brain-rattling thriller that redefines the action genre .
a satisfying conclusion ... to this intelligent series
Unlike the implosions usually seen with the third go-round , director Paul Greengrass continues to up the ante for this wholly satisfying wrap-up to the saga .
The Bourne Ultimatum gives you the satisfaction of seeing conventions fulfilled , then exceeded .
The heroes of this movie , Bourne and Landy , are the Americans who look to their better angels instead of using the ends to justify the means . Not many Hollywood action thrillers make so much out of moral scrupulousness .
It is a given that I would encourage you to see this one .
Rarely do you get a movie trilogy where all three films are fantastic .
With `` The Bourne Ultimatum '' , not only is it fast-paced , riveting , but it is probably the best action films to date that does n't involved so much special effects .
Incredible fights and chases , unbearable tension and breakneck pacing - just another day at the office for Matt Damon and Paul Greengrass .
If it was n't for the fact that the director , Paul Greengrass is more than capable in his most popular guise , and that the story itself has an edge , we might be longing for a bit of quiet between the insistent roar of it all .
Is there a better action lead than Matt Damon as Jason Bourne ? Not on this evidence .
Streamlined , brisk and tight .
A breathless and deliriously exhilarating summit .
A rattling yarn exuberantly told , crunchingly violent but not too sadistic .
Our hero is the ferocious but amnesiac CIA tough guy Jason Bourne played by Matt Damon , the contours of whose rock-hard pecs are traced by his drum-tight T-shirt . It 's the role that turned this moon-faced boy into a man .
British director Paul Greengrass shows here exactly how sequels should be done .
There is nothing cheap about the bone-shattering beauty of his car smashes , or the pitch-perfect symphonies of shattering glass .
Bourne is back -- and he 's better than ever before .
Matt Damon and Paul Greengrass deliver an action blockbuster with brawn and brains . Whether it 's the final chapter or not remains to be seen .
Top-class direction lifts ho-hum script .
Jaw-sagging action sequences , smart scripting and larynx-crushing martial arts . Injecting the spy thriller with true class , Greengrass and Damon leave behind a formidable legacy . What more can you ask for from a three-quel ?
Watching the mayhem , Nicky 's stunned face mirrors yours . If Bourne 's pitiless antics are entertaining , they 're also often dreadful .
A satisfying conclusion to an excellent trilogy , The Bourne Ultimatum is an exciting , intelligent and impeccably directed thriller .
the true subject of The Bourne Ultimatum is not Bourne 's identity , but America 's , post-9 / 11 .
A heart-pounding , merciless thrill ride that will leave you gasping for breath .
It 's escapism with some substance , and I actually enjoyed it the best of the three films .
... the exquisite consistency and thrill level of the Bourne trilogy continues to astonish and delight ...
Watching The Bourne Ultimatum is like being strapped to a vibrating bed set on high for two hours in a cheap motel .
There is lots of action and lots of cryptic espionage conversations .
As a masterpiece of editing , camerawork , and multiple-perspective tension-building in the vein of Hitchcock and De Palma , it is testament to the range and depth of what multivaried thrills The Bourne Ultimatum has to offer .
Though quite labyrinthine and even complicated at times , Tony Gilroy and Scott Z. Burns ' supercharged script is always smart and intricate , but never difficult to follow .
A wildly kinetic thrill-ride that manages to respect your intelligence with smart writing and fine performances while still jolting your adrenaline levels to unsurpassed heights with jaw-dropping action setpieces
Is this stylized action -- obscured by shaky camerawork and in-your-face edits -- really more exciting than the eye-popping stunts that unfold in real time in a cheesy martial-arts adventure like ` Ong-Bak ' ?
An irresistible rush of action and suspense , The Bourne Ultimatum also shows that a hellacious action movie need not be mindless .
... a moving and sometimes gut wrenching account of this latest holocaust . But , with so much focus on Iraq , this fine documentary may fall by the wayside .
More of the same , but who said there 's anything wrong with that ?
... one of the most exciting and thoroughly compelling thrillers to emerge in quite some time .
Best three-peat of the summer in a season filled with them .
As the Moby song says , I would stand in line for this .
When it 's not fast and furious , `` The Bourne Ultimatum '' settles for slick and noisy ... and it 's often hard to tell these two moods apart .
The movie 's frantic pace gives you an adrenaline rush , but its cinematographic and editing style gives you a headache .
One of the lengthy chase scenes is especially impressive and makes one wonder if Damon elected to forego a straight salary in order to be paid by the kilometer .
This film is less interested in good plot than it is in having long , drawn-out action chases of which there are entirely too many .
With its first-rate acting , sharp screenplay , tight direction , and thrilling action , this is the most satisfying sequel of the season . It 's also the best of the Bourne pictures .
... Damon takes all the mayhem in stride with square-jawed deadpan insouciance ...
I 'm sure it 's a good film , but I 'm not convinced that it 's quite within spitting distance of greatness .
Termine de belle façon une trilogie de thrillers pour adultes , des films d'action qui ne prennent pas les cinéphiles pour des cons .
It has become a kind of standard in the spy action genre .
The payoff Bourne fans have been waiting for .
A great action movie , exhilarating and neatly crafted , the kind of picture that will still look good 20 or 30 years from now .
We 've waited all summer for a wild ride to grab us with more than jolts . Now it 's here . Hang on .
Thrillers this effective are often called `` tight , '' and it 's true that this picture does n't waste a second .
Fans of 24 will be amazed to find a hero who makes Jack Bauer seem like a study in sissydom .
The pouty stylings of Julia Stiles , whose cherubic face looks less at home in the spy biz than in the business of shooting arrows at would-be lovers .
From the opening frame until the exciting finale , director Paul Greengrass hits the accelerator pedal and except for several pauses keeps this baby running at full throttle .
It says something about the Bourne series that it is cast with people one does n't ordinarily associate with this kind of film .
The Bourne movies are about pursuit and assault ; they 're perpetual-motion machines . As such , they entertain inside the moment but leave you with few leftovers .
Smart and sharp , crazy-fast-paced and great looking , The Bourne Ultimatum is popcorn with style and a brain - what James Bond once was and now aspires to become again .
-LSB- A -RSB- masterpiece of breathless relentlessness , of spectacular yet lean-and-mean setpieces uncluttered by superfluous digressions or tangents ...
The post-9-11 plotline is designed to question the CIA 's rationalization of resorting to rendition and suspect interrogation tactics in the age of the Patriot Act . How much harrowing paranoia can you handle ?
A rousing travelogue of espionage .
That rare threequel that stands up quite well to the movies that came before it , and it is easily one of the most satisfying action movies of the summer .
It 's the best action picture in decades , a two hour high-tech chase around the world that surpasses everything that 's come before it including Oscar winning classics like ` The French Connection ' and ` Bullitt ' .
Greengrass maintains the edgy energy he injected into part two to give us the summer 's most intelligent , satisfying blockbuster .
Ludlum fans will surely cry foul that the filmmakers stripped the stories to bare bones -- and to be fair , they did -- but it makes for an entertaining movie nonetheless .
The espionage is great . Surveillance dodging scenes are more exciting than the most outrageous action sequences , and everyone talking in codes , testing each other and lying keeps the audience guessing .
The Bourne Ultimatum is one of 2007 's best action movies and more than lives up to expectations .
Greengrass brings his documentarian 's eye and handheld camera to give authenticity to chase scenes that are as exciting as anything John Frankenheimer or William Friedkin ever made .
Matt Damon gets his Bourne on again in this relentlessly smart and thrilling action masterpiece .
The action starts almost from the opening frame , with a rare breath of air in its lean 111 minutes for audiences to hit the restrooms without missing a good part .
In many ways , it 's no less stylish and no more substantive than Transformers . The only difference is that it assumes the audience is clever enough to keep up with it .
Jason Bourne , like the action-thriller movie franchise he fronts , has grown weary of the chase .
It 's a pure-hearted action-packed frenetic chase film from reel to reel .
Greengrass gives audiences a contact high from his visual flair alone and proves that he 's one of the more interesting and entertaining directors working today , no matter what the genre .
Jason Bourne is a no-nonsense , calculating , thinking man 's action hero and Matt Damon was born to play this part .
It 's the rare action picture whose adrenaline-driven thrills neither overshadow the characters nor degenerate into cartoonish preposterousness .
While Ultimatum may be the lesser of the three Jason Bourne movies , it is only so because the bar set by its predecessors was so uncommonly high .
Ultimatum tries to stir sympathy for its indestructible hero . But Jason Bourne has all the charm of a howitzer . He needs some time with the Harry Potter bunch .
Tense yet invigorating , The Bourne Ultimatum presents a terrific argument for the nonstop-action summer movie . Even those rare moments when it slows down offer more excitement than other films ' full-bore action scenes .
Director Paul Greengrass depicts this constant hustle and bustle with great urgency , and the movie has such a caffeine-frenzy feel to it that it 's possible not to notice that the plot has as many holes as Bourne 's amnesia-stricken memory .
`` The Bourne Ultimatum '' might have brought this saga to a classy and gratifying conclusion . It 's hard to imagine how any further sequel could improve upon it .
The action never flags , but the story and the characters are shallow . This is glossy entertainment and nothing more .
A minor miracle in a summer full of weak , perfunctory or downright lousy ` threequels ' . It 's a relentless finale to the Bourne movie trilogy that raises the stakes , pumps up the action and develops old characters while introducing new villains .
Bursts with so much amped-up energy , you may need to rest once it 's finally done .
If you do go to see this thinly scripted and very repetitive action film , bring your seasickness pills -LSB- because of the heavy use of the `` shakycam '' -RSB- .
Jason Bourne may or may not return , but it 's hard to imagine another Bourne movie ever topping this one .
The Bourne Ultimatum slips into high gear practically with its first shot , and after that you 're hooked .
Director Paul Greengrass has n't manufactured a sequel -- he 's written code for a template all future Bonds , Ryans and whoever-the-hell-else will have to match or stumble and die trying .
I must have breathed during The Bourne Ultimatum because I did n't pass out in my seat -- but I 'm sure those were bruises on my throat . Gripping ? Yes .
Insistent , ingenious and slammed full of five heart attacks worth of action , The Bourne Ultimatum may be the best conspiracy action-thriller ever made , a beautifully crafted mix of mayhem , well-earned paranoia and unlikely introspection .
The third chapter in the globe-trotting -- more like globe-speeding , actually -- saga of Jason Bourne , a.k.a. the Spy With No Memory , is easily the best of the three .
The first by Doug Liman was best , but the second and third by Greengrass come close because of a strict consistency in tone and talent .
The Bourne Ultimatum leaps , scampers , scraps and drives its way into the pantheon of all-time great action movies .
-LSB- T -RSB- he antidote to bloated , stupid threequels and mindless junk food cinema . Bourne is n't just the best action movie of the summer , it 's one of the best movies of the year .
This is what action movies are supposed to be .
Not only an improvement over its very fine predecessors -- it 's easily one of the best movies of the year .
Ultimatum is a tribute to Bourne 's determination , his driving skills , his intelligence in out-thinking his masters and especially his good luck .
Hard to believe , but director Paul Greengrass has made this installment more nail bitingly frantic than ever .
The original zing of the first film is back -- and in many ways is even better .
A smart thriller for smart audiences .
Few films combine a dense and tingling atmosphere with the headlong pacing and adventure of The Bourne Ultimatum .
In a year where three has hardly been a charm in terms of movie franchises , `` The Bourne Ultimatum '' sticks out as the most exciting , intelligent and enjoyable thriller of the season .
A sit-up-straight action film . Jason Bourne 's clenched-teeth exasperation and raw rage are , in part , our own , and they screech as loud as all the motorcar metal and metropolitan mayhem in 2007 's best film so far .
Greengrass is a talented filmmaker with a documentary background and a knack for getting at the immediacy of events . With The Bourne Ultimatum , he hits the ground running and just never stops .
As with any last acts , the inevitable clash between mystery solved and said truth 's significance offers a sizeable challenge . Here , it creates a compelling and clever espionage thriller .
Probably the best threequel of the summer , The Bourne Ultimatum keeps to the same seamlessly smart , hair-raising action of the first two installments .
We know Bourne is more or less the baddest dude on the planet , and could probably take on Col. Guile , Sub-Zero , and Liquid Snake at the same time , but maybe enough is enough .
Bourne has gone the distance for three straight films ... seals the achievement of a rare action franchise for thinking adults , combining gripping entertainment with an undercurrent of moral seriousness .
There 's something unusual about Matt Damon 's spy thrillers built around the exploits of the amnesia-addled Jason Bourne : Each film in the series has actually been better than its predecessor ...
For Jason Bourne , who rises and rises again in this fantastically kinetic , propulsive film , resurrection is the name of the game , just as it is for franchises .
This is a chase film , pushed to the fragmented limits of abstraction , that rattles and jolts and explodes like an intricately designed drum solo .
The Bourne Ultimatum may be the third Hollywood helping of Matt Damon as the amnesiac assassin on the run , but it 's as dizzying as its predecessors with car chases to die or Dramamine for .
This is a film about momentum , gravity , trajectory . It 's a physics lesson wrapped up in an espionage thriller , and when director Greengrass yells ` Action ! ' he means it .
After a summer-movie season full of bloated running times , pointless explosions and convoluted plots , Jason Bourne has arrived to save the day .
This is , hands down , the best action movie of the year so far .
If there 's more Bourne to come , the standards have been set higher than ever .
It 's The Manchurian Candidate , but Raymond Shaw has hypnotized himself and the evil government looking to overthrow life , liberty , the pursuit of happiness is ours .
Jason Bourne is reborn in Bourne Ultimatum and it proves that sometimes the third time is a charm .
More fully develops the strain that was glossed over in the previous movie , i.e. the exploration of morality .
The Bourne Ultimatum is the decisive capper on one of the rare series that will surely get better with time even as we hope to one day look upon its own themes with relic status .
Damon lends an air of conscious integrity to the part , a quality of reflective introspection that acts as an amazingly effective ballast against the complete implausibility of his continued survival .
Paul Greengrass does it again ! ... lots of action , good-looking people , despicable bad guys , and intensity that never lets up , ...
The Bourne movies continue to defy all the rules of sequel logic , each somehow surpassing its predecessor despite being essentially the same movie , with many recurring characters , plots and settings .
Here 's hoping Damon is Bourne again .
It 's all too easy to see that the filmmakers and Damon are coasting when they could be soaring .
An action-thriller that does n't understand the meaning of pause . Pause has cooties as far as this production is concerned .
A skillfully executed work stripped of drama but saturated in tension .
From a purely visceral standpoint , The Bourne Ultimatum may be the clincher for fans who want a literal two-hour chase film .
Ultimatum is as lean , efficient , and ruthless as Bourne himself .
The Bourne Ultimatum hits the ground running -- quite literally . The film begins with an exciting foot-chase scene and does n't let up .
A witty , relentlessly paced thriller with one of the year 's classiest supporting casts .
Here , as in that other new-style spy movie Casino Royale , everything is hard and fast and brutal and , above all , straight-faced . No throwaway lines , no puns .
One more demonstration of the rule that the third episode of a movie cycle is its worst .
Damon 's minimalist style is key to why the Bourne movies have become an oasis from other blockbuster action fare ; freed from the bells and whistles of computer-generated effects ... and they 've succeeded in bringing the genre back down to earth .
Solid but not overwhelming . If another sequel does happen to be made in the future , Jason could afford to be given a little more meat and complexity .
The Bourne series makes for an unusual action franchise . All the movies are exhilarating , including the third installment , The Bourne Ultimatum , which opens tonight and leaves a bruise .
The battle is as long as it is ferocious , and in the audience I saw the movie with , nobody took a breath until it was over . Then they exhaled in a noise that exploded into a cheer .
His -LSB- Greengrass ' -RSB- masterful direction of The Bourne Ultimatum makes this third installment unequivocally the summer 's best ` threequel . ' It also is easily the best action thriller of the year .
Greengrass somehow manages to keep the pace aerobically snappy for almost two hours , never letting it lag .
Predicated on finally delivering answers we basically already know ... and cornered into bigger and better variations on the same basic action tropes , The Bourne Ultimatum turns out to be : be pretty damn exciting or get off the stage .
This movie has no pretence of being about anything but the action scenes . Fortunately , the action scenes are choice .
Unlike most summer movies , it demands that the audience keep up , and only occasionally stoops to over-explaining when things get too obtuse .
Fresher , leaner , and faster than any action movie in years .
For once , I did n't feel cheated by an unresolved ending , but let 's hope this is the end . Robert Ludlum wrote three Bourne novels , and this is one series that ought not to be dishonored by inferior sequels .
Paul Greengrass has to keep it moving all the time , putting Matt Damon through endless car and foot chases and taking to a dizzying extreme his signature style of handheld camera , lurching zooms , whiplash pans , and second-to-second editing .
A thoughtful , superior action movie .
From that first moment to the last of this peerlessly mounted action thriller , the chase never stops . Bourne 's nerve never falters , or that of director Paul Greengrass , either .
Moves relentlessly , intelligently forward , as everything extraneous gets chucked over the side ... the picture thrums with an unbelievable amount of energy .
The Bourne Ultimatum is a spectacular windup toy of a thriller -- a contraption made by an artist .
Screenwriter Tony Gilroy , who 's been around the block with Bourne on the first two pictures , juggles all of this to-ing and fro-ing with admirable precision .
Faster and , if possible , furiouser than its predecessors .
A hell of a show .
Although the picture does n't really do much except run and jump and punch and explode , it does all those things extremely well , and is viscerally very exciting .
It 's frenetic to the point of crazy while achieving a mark that barely exceeds mediocre .
Damon , however , is perfect . He does n't say a lot , but he 's able to suggest the turmoil and mistrust of a man with no memory .
We 're unsure if there 's to be a fourth film in the franchise ; but if there 's not , Jason Bourne 's going out in real style .
I do n't know that if an action film can , in fact , be art -- but I do know that The Bourne Ultimatum has stuck with me , and will stick with me , in ways that will linger for a while .
Will someone get this man a steadicam ?
Another potent PowerBar of a movie , all protein and no fat . I sat there transfixed and chuckling with joy as Greengrass let . Her . Rip .
It does not stop , never slows down and refuses to let the audience catch their breath . It is , without question or hesitation , maybe the perfect Summer action movie of all time .
Summer 's prime noisemaker , with twice the adrenaline of Live Free or Die Hard and more crushed metal than Transformers .
Paul Greengrass and Matt Damon team up again in this third - and final ? - installment of the reliably thrilling but increasingly repetitious Bourne series .
The way that Bourne gets from one place to another with such speed and no obvious source of money makes me wish he was my travel agent .
The propulsive strength of Paul Greengrass ' direction and the intensity of the non-stop chases usher you past any questions into a new reason to cheer .
Like the other two , Ultimatum has little problem working up a frantic pace & maintaining it . However , Ultimatum has other problems that make it the least effective Bourne .
It 's no small feat getting to the third movie in a series and still managing to create something watchable . More remarkable still -- unprecedented , really -- is making a movie that 's actually better than its predecessors .
This adrenaline-charged , bullet-riddled sprint from Moscow to New York is the best of the Bourne films , a politically-charged actioner with chases , brawls , shootouts and dry wit that never relies on one-liners .
Should be one of the best action films of the summer , but the director is so enamored with his hand-held camera technique that the film becomes difficult to endure .
... a whip-smart rollercoaster ride of bullets and baddies .
A knockout roller-coaster ride custom-made for adrenaline junkies , it 's easily the savviest and most satisfying spy movie in years , besting both of its preceding Bournes -- Identity and Supremacy .
This is Bond stripped of any glamour , but just as dazzling , as Bourne , without any of those nifty Bond gadgets , improvises with what is at hand , at one point , turning even a hardcover book into a lethal weapon
A lone man outfoxing -LRB- and outboxing -RRB- whatever is thrown at him by the most powerful spy agency in the world is irresistible drama .
There has n't been filmic eruption of bombast that uses this much physicality since the closing scenes of last year 's Children of Men .
You do n't want to mess with Jason Bourne . Guy 's as lethal as Chinese wheat gluten .
This dazzling third act brings answers to amnesiac assassin Jason Bourne ... but not , of course , until he 's crossed enough ethical and international borders to go down to Hell on frequent-flyer miles .
As propulsive and nerve-jangling as any action flick I 've ever seen ... but what 's most interesting is the harsh moral severity Greengrass has imposed on this series .
It 's bravura filmmaking in the jittery , handheld , frenetically edited Paul Greengrass style .
It 's so expertly crafted and the cast is so superb that The Bourne Ultimatum exceeds all expectations of the genre .
-LSB- Ultimatum -RSB- flips the standard conspiracy thriller on its head . Greengrass gets there so deftly it 's enough to make yours spin .
Matt Damon 's terrific in this movie .
Greengrass 's latest plops on the screen with lots of hi-fi energy but , strangely , very little feeling .
When it comes to action , The Bourne Ultimatum trumps the summer 's other offerings . While its stunts are no less preposterous than those in Live Free or Die Hard , what The Bourne Ultimatum offers is grittier and more visceral .
-LSB- Delivers -RSB- plenty of slam-bang , real-world action set across a sprawling variety of locations .
A full-throttle action thriller that 's the culmination of a smashing trilogy .
The material is formulaic , but , of all the current action franchises , this one is the most enjoyable .
Perhaps the strongest in the escapist espionage series .
The leanest and most exciting of the series yet , a chase movie of breathtaking purity .
Canny dialogue , solid performances , and virtuoso editing and scoring make `` The Bourne Ultimatum '' a thrill ride you wo n't soon forget .
Successfully caps off a trilogy of intelligent , adrenaline-fueled espionage thrillers that raised the bar for the genre and made an action hero out of Matt Damon .
He does n't talk , eat or sleep and goes around the world on a fake passport and ten bucks ! He beats a guy to death . It 's non-stop excitement .
The best movie of the summer and probably the best action movie of the year .
The perfect finale to a true trilogy ... the quality of the filmmaking makes it the strongest Bourne movie yet .
It 's a 114-minute chase film , dashing through streets and rooftops of any number of international urban sprawls with Matt Damon 's redoubtable Jason Bourne hot on the trail of -- himself .
Incredible , almost nonstop action , replaces the demands of plot , character , explanations , and downtime . That 's not necessarily a bad thing , depending on your expectations .
Finally a movie for adults : Easily the most intelligent , mature , and exciting Hollywood picture this summer , boasting a shining turn from Matt Damon as the coolest -LRB- anti -RRB- hero around .
The third and purportedly final installment in the mountingly exciting series is a pounding , pulsating thriller that provides an almost constant adrenaline surge for nearly two hours .
The cat-and-mouse sequences in this film are revelatory -- they 're why we go to the movies in the first place .


@highlight

The Bourne Ultimatum is an intelligent , finely tuned non-stop thrill ride . Another strong performance from Matt Damon and sharp camerawork from Paul Greengrass make this the finest installment of the Bourne trilogy .