I wo n't go into the details of the film 's polemic . But one of its problems is that it has a double agenda .
A the point where the film starts exploiting the Holocaust to score cheap shots . . there 's no laughter left , only pure , unbridled disgust .
To grant Expelled any credibility beyond the opening minutes requires nothing short of a leap of faith .
This film is cheerfully ignorant , manipulative , slanted , cherry-picks quotations , draws unwarranted conclusions , makes outrageous juxtapositions , segues between quotes that are not about the same thing , tells bald-faced lies , etc. .
Despite some occasionally sloppy filmmaking , I think the picture is worth a look . It raises important ideas and issues , asks important questions . No one could argue against that , right ? Bueller ... Bueller ... Bueller ...
Ignorance may be bliss , but encouraging it , as Expelled does , ought to be a crime .
Like Moore , whose documentary-cum-polemical style they are clearly imitating , the makers of Expelled give their critics too much ammunition , so even if you 're sympathetic to some of the ideas and the underlying argument , it is still difficult to defend .
Do n't expect any serious debate here about God and evolution . This documentary is like watching a paranoiac making fun of a hysteric .
If someone believes in the Tooth Fairy , can they complain about not being taken seriously at dental school ?
This film is an appallingly unscrupulous example of hack propaganda and it sucketh mightily . What 's more , I did n't laugh once .
The movie is unpersuasive , but it 's amusing ...
Embracing evolutionary theory will turn you into a close-minded , God-denying Nazi -- that 's the upshot of this ludicrous propaganda piece .
Might there be a way to get to God through science ? It 's a fascinating notion and I wish the slickly produced Expelled investigated it more thoroughly .
Expelled is a classic bait-and-switch , presenting itself as a plea for freedom in the scientific marketplace of ideas , while actually delivering a grossly unfair , contradictory , and ultimately repugnant attack on Darwinists .
Regardless of your personal views , Expelled 's heavy-handed bias -LRB- a visit to Darwin 's home gets the same eerie music as a tour of Dachau -RRB- is exasperating .
Junk science meets even junkier filmmaking in Expelled -- a no more shameless , stupid and loathsome piece of propaganda has ever skulked its way into the theater .
works in much the same way as a Michael Moore documentary -- a raft of provocation and very little persuasion
I do n't say the film is crap because I disagree with it . I say it 's crap because it disagrees with itself . It teems with contradictions , false dichotomies , and specious reasoning .
Manages to be flippant and darkly provocative at once .
This documentary purporting to examine the issue of freedom of expression in the debate between the competing arguments of ` intelligent design ' and Darwinism squanders the potential fascination of its topic with its simplistic , heavy-handed approach .
Your opinion of the film will with almost complete certainty be predicted by your opinions on Darwinism vs Intelligent Design .
The prospect of a pro-Intelligent Design documentary sounded so batsh ** crazy , it had to be awesome , watching intellectuals spin a story about how they 're persecuted for their beliefs.Not to say I did n't give it a fair chance , but they made it really easy .
The film shows that Intelligent Design should be on the table for discussion . But if you 're looking for ammo to argue your Darwinist friends under the table , look elsewhere .
Surely the film 's greatest offense is the utter shamelessness with which it exploits the Holocaust .
This is propaganda , a political rant disguised as a serious commentary on stifled freedom of inquiry .
It shows us bogus security files , as if some cabal is spying on everyone . It shirks the facts . And it madly edits images to equate Darwin with Hitler , and Ben Stein with -- yes -- Ronald Reagan . Typical of all propaganda , it also distorts language .
Stein 's schlumpy presence is disarming , though his know-it-all nature is at odds with his free-speech posing .
Stein 's credibility is blown on this poorly constructed diatribe , and you 'd be smart to save your bucks .
Expelled may prove to be as controversial as the producers hope , but the reactions will be more entertaining and elucidating than the film itself .
'' ... raises some interesting questions about evolutionary theory , but does so in such a smug , disingenuous and self-serving manner it 's hard to take the movie seriously .
Either the filmmakers suckered these -LSB- pro-Darwinist -RSB- participants under false pretenses , or the evolutionists are more open to debate than Stein suggests .
The movie itself is an example of design by faith and emotion rather than intelligence , defined as rationality grounded in proof .
One of the sleaziest documentaries to arrive in a very long time , Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed is a conspiracy-theory rant masquerading as investigative inquiry .
Stein claims to denounce the tyranny of dogma , then browbeats us with his own .
Stein spends the first half of the movie setting himself a trap , and the second half squirming in it .
-LSB- T -RSB- he No. 1 agenda -LSB- here -RSB- has much less to do with academic freedom than with political ideology .
A cynical attempt to sucker Christian conservatives into thinking they 're losing the ` intelligent design ' debate because of academic ` prejudice . '
The filmmakers ' intentions are kept deliberately vague but it 's a surprisingly entertaining and informative doc that at least tries to address the debate over ` intelligent design ' from another angle .
-LSB- I -RSB- n a saner universe ... you could scoff at Stein and dismiss him and not give this propagandistic nonsense another thought . But ... -LSB- y -RSB- ou need to see this movie because these people are not going away ...
For a film about American freedom of expression and the necessity for open dialogue , it 's hard to imagine Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed being more one-sided , narrow-minded , and intellectually dishonest .
Bizarre and hysterical .
The man made famous by Ferris Bueller , however , quickly wades into waters far too deep for him .
The film 's flippant approach undermines the seriousness of its discourse , trading less in facts than in emotional appeals .




@highlight

Full of patronizing , poorly structured arguments , Expelled is a cynical political stunt in the guise of a documentary .