After 90 minutes of this film 's dozy condescension , you can only marvel at Hollywood 's near-total ignorance of a large chunk of its local audience .
The real value lies with what its audience does afterwards
Begins as a satire , ends with a renewal of faith .
A successful mix of John Waters ' naughty sass with Frank Capra 's ' cordial sweetness , `` Saved ! '' questions Christianity 's constant urgency : Is salvation really unattainable for these teenagers if they 're not seeking it this second , every second , 24/7 ?
`` Saved ! '' starts out as a feisty satire on organized religion but sputters in its third act to an apologetic footnote for all that has come before .
Brian Dannelly 's movie waltzes across the floor of high school comedies like a new kid out to prove he 's in a class of his own .
As a superficial treatment of this important subject , it has its moments .
Saved ! could have been a challenging but affirming movie about the evangelical subculture -- if handled with the same love , acceptance and tolerance it preaches .
Faith takes a hip , raised-eyebrow beating in this biting yet surprisingly earnest dark comedy .
It 's a shame the closing moral about a more pragmatic , inclusive approach to spirituality is conveyed with such a heavy hand .
The idea is inspired and the enthusiasm evident in every aspect of story and performance .
Equal parts satire , spoof and teen comedy , Saved ! is just a sweet and funny movie that starts off with bite but settles into an honest feeling of happiness and acceptance for all types of people and their choices .
I sat through this film with a perma-smile , and just thinking about it still makes me laugh .
Uma inteligente discussão sobre aceitação , fé e as conseqüências repugnantes do fundamentalismo religioso - tudo isto em uma embalagem divertida e irreverente .
Dannelly reflects the problems with contemporary Christianity brilliantly . But in deciding that mere tolerance will save the world , he fumbles the final act .
For a light comedy this film says a great deal about some serious issues . The script shows a few rough edges but it beats many films of much higher pretensions .
The film is missing a degree of commitment , a willingness to dive headlong into this culture
Set in a Christian high school , Saved ! is a message film in the guise of a social satire . The film , however , is not as wickedly funny as it wants to be .
Wholly lacking in conviction .
A thoroughly enjoyable teen comedy with something important to say .
... never quite manages to extinguish its after-school-special type vibe .
As witty as it 's well performed and as novel as it is daring ... God Bless Mandy Moore and her fantastic set of acting chops !
Despite Dannelly 's apparent intent to make a statement about tolerance , Saved ! is an intolerant , morally simplistic film that ignores the concept that there really is something called `` right and wrong . ''
tired old fodder
A breezily irreverent teen comedy that satirically addresses questions of peer pressure as well as spiritual hypocrisy .
No doubt the filmmakers are bracing for -- even hoping for -- a display of ire from religious conservatives . But the truth is , nothing in Saved ! stings .
There are plenty of ways to share your faith with others , and -LSB- I -RSB- Saved ! -LSB- / I -RSB- only mocks the ones that put people down in the process .
A minor work , yet it has a teasing lilt to it , and to make it at all took courage and originality .
Ends up genuinely thought-provoking while putting the `` fun '' back in `` fundamentalist . ''
Too timid to be truly subversive , Saved ! is saved from being a middling high-school comedy by ... a light pop touch and a superb ensemble cast .
There 's a sharp , knowing tone to this film that will perhaps be lost on audiences unfamiliar with the American Christian subculture .
An inconsequential teen comedy .
After two comically inventive scenes , it quickly turns soft and flat .
It 's not `` about '' religion and it does n't make fun of the heathens or the believers . It only mocks ignorance and hypocrisy , and everyone can get behind that .
Probably wo n't find salvation at the box office but its road is paved with good intent .
Saved ! tries to turn religious devotion , contradictions , and iconography into a rip-roaring satire , but it fails to be at all interesting and , most damningly , it is deeply unfunny .
Saved ! is n't bad but , just like many of its characters , it 's a little too stuck-up for its own good intentions .
It hits its mark more often than not - and that redeems it .
I can respect a movie that mocks things I believe in if it does it well , but not if it peters out before it 's finished .
while it offers some hilariously scathing commentary on the inherent dangers of hypocrisy ... above all the film preaches a message of tolerance to both sides of the fence .
Just what we were all waiting for : a feel-good movie about teen pregnancy .
It wants to savagely poke fun at its characters but also wants us to love them for who they are .
Hard-line Christians will think it goes too far ; open-minded Christians will think it does n't go far enough ; and non-Christians will think it does n't go anywhere at all .
Saved is full of satire and some funny moments . It does have a complicated plot but delivers a message in an hour and a half .
Saved ! is a message movie that might/will offend those less than tolerant to others ' beliefs but has its heart and mind in the right place
Could become a true cult film , if it can reach a sympathetic audience of progressive Christians and their allies .
Culkin 's delivery slam dunks some of the film 's funniest lines
A sweet , often very funny , and ultimately pretty soft satire in which everybody - and I mean everybody - is let off the hook .
Intends to flay sanctimonious preaching , but ends up doing a little too much of it .
Though no one is likely to confuse Saved ! with great filmmaking , it 's pleasant enough summer fare , and much better than its premise would suggest .
Something puts the fear of God into Saved ! about halfway in .
Saved ! ultimately ca n't quite go the distance , but it 's a promising debut by a filmmaker to watch .
Another regulation teen comedy .
Saved ! is one of those frustrating little movies that I wanted to like more than I actually did .
A quintessential art-house product , exists to confirm the viewer 's superiority .
An afterschool special gone deliciously wrong .
It is n't ruthless enough to achieve the level of savagery that would make it really offensive -- and truly memorable .
Has scathingly funny moments .
Blessed by a potent cast , Saved ! lets its teens be teens -- pimples , if not warts , and all .
There are many blessed moments in this movie .
What 's particularly troubling is that there were obvious opportunities for this dark comedy to be a little more even-handed in its treatment of the subject matter . But too often it settles for the easy , cheap joke .
A wickedly funny movie well worth seeing .
Has the glitteringly satiric dialogue of Election -- and the soul of an after-school special .
Most of the humor is a gentle chiding of efforts to make Christianity hip for teens .
Is n't as funny , or as wicked , as it should be .
Once its premise is established , Saved ! does n't have anywhere to go , repetition creeps in , and jokes that might have otherwise been funny start eliciting groans instead .
There is undoubtedly a funny social satire to be set in a Christian high school , but Saved ! is neither bold nor insightful enough to be it .
In a role that represents the flip side of her sweet-natured heroine in ` A Walk to Remember , ' Mandy Moore is a demented delight ...
The second act is a bit too ordinary , but the smart satiric first half saves this from being drab and makes it worth checking out .
This is one of the most intriguing rite-of-passage teen comedies in a long time .
Takes cheap swings at easy targets and gift wraps a tidy message of forgiveness that 's as empty as -LRB- its -RRB- put-on Christian attitude .
This faith-generic look at belief is spirited and sly but never subversive .
It 's like Mean Girls with a holier-than-thou twist and a genuine -LRB- if contrived -RRB- message of acceptance .
It 's a relevant , irreverent and emotionally honest film that suggests it 's OK to laugh in church , at least every now and then .
It puts a new twist on the au courant genre of mean-teen comedies .
For the most part , it manages to make fun of confused Christians without making fun of faith itself .
Blessed with an excellent ensemble cast .
The characters are complex , conflicted and written with a sturdy understanding of human nature .
Though the picture runs out of steam , with a familiar somewhat contrived ending , it remains uplifting and appealing .
Moore and Malone carry the movie , and both are terrific .
Rather than a simple-minded indictment of religion , Saved ! is a reminder that putting all your eggs in one spiritual basket often signals that you 're running from something else .
... a little easy but appreciated nonetheless . What would Jesus do ? I think he 'd give it a ` B. '
... I really appreciated the utter originality squeezed into this one ...
What finally makes Saved ! so rewarding , and so wonderful , is that its snarky humor blossoms into a touching tribute to faith in its many beautiful , complicated , and ultimately blessed forms .
The script teeters into predictability at times but the outstanding young cast is wonderfully vibrant .
-LSB- Saved ! hits precisely the right balance between commercial appeal and independent fortification , between bold satire and abiding respect for its subject .
A banal high school comedy in the guise of a scathing religious satire .
has an unfortunately easy excuse to stick to standard teen formula
Not without its charms , but it 's a middling effort ... In Hollywood , the road to cinematic hell is paved with great pitch ideas .
Even though it pretends to be sharp and observant , it 's really one of those ` Let every flower in the garden grow ' movies , conspicuously lacking both guts and well-sharpened teeth .
Do n't bother .
Like April 's Mean Girls , this is one teenage comedy that remembered to bring a brain .
Not since Election has high school life been so deliciously skewered ... it 's filled with lines that are little gems of biting satire .
The first 45 minutes of this wickedly clever comedy features the smartest , tartest high-school satire since Alexander Payne 's Election .
A daring and acutely observed satirical comedy that 's laugh-out-loud funny .
A cheerfully subversive comedy send-up of fundamentalist religion .
Brian Dannelly 's teen farce Saved ! is about three teeth short of a full bite . But it leaves an indelible impression .
The movie 's satire is so mild that MGM is actually trying to market it to Christian audiences -- who will still find enough to be offended by -- but it provides a nice showcase for its young performers .
An important film as well as an entertaining one .
Bears the unmistakable stamp of authenticity , even at its most outrageous .
Comes nowhere near scoring a satirical bull 's - eye -- a pity , given that its target is such an inviting one .
Make a mental note to consider watching this film 's strong ensemble cast when Saved ! seeks redemption on DVD this fall .
A bad high school movie with grand illusions of being about something important instead of being just another run-of-the-mill , unfunny , broad teen comedy .
That religion as a business has recently discovered the youth market is hardly surprising .
The Plastics in Mean Girls do n't stand a chance against Saved 's Mandy Moore as the duplicitous Hilary Faye .
Condescending .
While poking fun at religion is nothing new , this sharp send-up wears its weird and sinister nature proudly on its sleeve .
Saved finds salvation in not skewering its target with too much venom
-LSB- A -RSB- wickedly funny takedown of that particular brand of isolationist religiosity that seeks to shut out the wider world ...
Decent as a comedy , but it 's ultimately forgettable because it gives no real air to what it 's trying to puncture .
Not only is Saved ! subversively funny , it is unexpectedly sweet .
A soft-bellied , sweet-tempered satire .
This teen satire set in a Christian high school is an admirable attempt to acknowledge the powerful influence of religion in contemporary American youth culture .
One of the season 's brightest attractions .
A charmer .
Lightweight and only sporadically amusing .
Spares us from offending any religious sensibilities by insulting our intelligence instead .
Saved ! is a scrappy satire that pokes fun at the intolerance of some zealous Christians and makes a good case for the spiritual practice of hospitality .
Skewers hypocrisy and absolutism but not faith itself .
Its wit and subversive charm get lost in a maze of mixed signals .
Dannelly is n't just taking potshots at fundamentalism . He creates a viable world , then riddles its surface piety with underground transgressions that call into question not Christian belief but slavish , intolerant religious practice .
Saved is a 50-50 proposition . While you wo n't be moved strongly to love it or hate it , you 'll wish you could be pushed in some direction .
Saved ! is a rare original film that utilizes the immense talent working its script to take it from clever after-school-special material on up to a film that actually matters .
Wicked sense of humor and wickedly smart casting both compliment the fact that despite all the jokes aimed at judgmentalism , religious faith itself is not under attack .
At long last a religious satire that 's as deliciously subversive as it is entertaining .
Makes the fatal error of trying to mollify its targets and ameliorate its own scorched earth .
Entertaining , if sophomoric , comedy sending up religious extremism .
I liked it a lot , thumbs up .
Guilty of every single sin for which it skewers its cardboard Christian villains .
This is a shallow , anti-Christian film that relies on tired stereotypes and familiar situations to tar -LRB- and feather -RRB- everything with the same brush .
Writer/director Brian Dannelly takes a witty but deadly approach to the pitfalls of using a narrow set of rules to decide what God 's will is exactly
An acutely perceptive and boldly hilarious satire of fundamentalist education .
Uses a sledgehammer to get its point across , but still manages to amuse .
Pretty fearless , at least until backing off somewhat in its closing minutes .
Successfully manages the tricky balancing act of being sharply satirical without making fun of its characters .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- miss an opportunity to make a much subtler and more interesting case .
This is a film that sees only in black-and-white .
Saved ! serves up the treachery of modern-day high school crowded with stereotypical characters and generic conventions . Unfortunately , the film pontificates with a smug brashness , glorifying in its own slight subversions .







@highlight

A satirical teen comedy that , unfortunately , pulls its punches .