A blithely depraved shoot - 'em - up in which its glum protagonist cuts a retributive swath across a vast criminal underworld , Punisher : War Zone echoes back to the unthinking low-budget action movies of the 1980s .
The final damning verdict left by the American box office , whom far from raced out to see it , meaning takings of 8m leave Punisher : War Zone the lowest grossing Marvel adaptation to date .
... stands as the best offering out of Hollywood that Punisher fans could 've hoped for .
One can assume another reboot will be in the offing after this monstrosity tanks at the box office .
Part '80s action movie , part gross-out horror , this guilty pleasure is Saw meets Rambo ...
God I love my revenge films ...
Unlike more high-powered Marvel heroes like Spider-Man and X-Men , The Punisher has never enjoyed much box office success and this excruciatingly terrible film certainly wo n't change that .
Earning an 18 certificate with its violence , the film is kids ' stuff in all other respects : over-the-top shootouts , monstrous and barking-mad villains , a bumbling sidekick and so on . Highly enjoyable tosh .
The IQ is as low as the body count is high and the uncharismatic Ray Stevenson might as well have been wearing a mask for all the emotion he shows .
It 's a good old-fashioned guns-andaction romp - and I love it .
You could n't call it shoddy , exactly , and the actors take it painfully seriously ; it 's just dispiriting to see all this endeavour in the service of something so humourless and disgusting .
The punishment does n't end there , with anyone who hands over good money to watch this dreck also likely to feel the pain .
As its absurdly macho title hints , this action film is on a mission : not to delight or beguile so much as to club you over the head .
Another violently unsuccessful attempt to bring this comic book character to screen .
` Oh God , now I 've got brains spattered all over me , ' exclaims The Punisher 's slippery inside man , Detective Soap . You may feel the same at the end of this messy , sadistic reboot of the Marvel comic-book series .
Pleasantly surprising - providing you 're not put off by all the gore and dismemberment .
Castle/the Punisher is not the most charismatic comic book hero at the best of times but Stevenson 's jowly pallor and oil slick of hair makes him look more like an Eastern European abattoir worker than a vigilante to be reckoned with .
The franchise simply ca n't compete with better written and directed comic book offerings out there . This includes Howard The Duck ...
Marvel , stop punishing yourselves and put this unworkable franchise out of our misery .
As entertaining as Punisher : War Zone is , there 's no real depth , the plot is obvious and it 's a wee bit charmless .
This is as true to a Marvel comic tale as I 've ever seen - gory , serious , intense , dark and utterly psychotic .
If you can stomach the gore and pick up on the underlying humor , you 'll likely have a good time .
Once in a while someone will come up to me and ask why movies are so violent . Generally , they 're talking about a war movie or a horror movie such as ` Saw . ' In the future , I will throw out ` The Punisher : War Zone ' as a comparison .
The film boasts some of the more revolting special effects ever conceived . There is n't really any acting to speak of , although Jigsaw and Loony Bin Jim get to chew people and scenery ; the dialogue is pretty much what you 'd expect .
The guiltiest of guilty pleasures .
If a picture were to win awards for how magnificently it impaled a dreadlocked convenience store robber or spectacularly it beheaded indignant elderly mob bosses then Punisher : War Zone would make a clean sweep of the evening .
Opening-weekend box office indicates Punisher could be in the Wal-Mart $ 5 dump bin in time for Christmas as a worthy replacement for those hard-to-find lumps of coal .
It 's not a great film . It 's not even a particularly good film . It is , however , a film that almost entirely succeeds at a tremendously modest aim .
Without a consistent style , `` Punisher : War Zone '' never establishes a real identity .
If you 're on the wavelength that can laugh with this stuff instead of laugh at it , Punisher : War Zone is about as fun as commercial cinema gets this season .
Violent vigilante comic book story is gory , grim stuff .
This was a terrible movie .
Hopefully it 's three strikes and you 're out for The Punisher , as this latest attempt at creating another comic book franchise will prove once and for all that maybe this character just does n't deserve the big screen treatment .
Normally a character with a skull on his shirt is too busy flicking his lighter at the Judas Priest tribute band show to bother with fighting the kind of crime that does n't require an amp and a guitar .
This movie is exactly what a Punisher film should be and that 's both good and bad . It 's over the top blood and gore , relentless , humorless and hopeless . I did n't go in expecting Shakespeare in the park .
There is a lot of shooting . There is a tremendous amount of shooting . You could build a large house just from the shell casings we see expended in the course of the movie .
there are so many tones at work in the non-script that the only suspense is in wondering what genre will be used -LRB- badly -RRB- next .
A one-man invasion . Good he 's on our side .
... I also question whether this will be one of those movies where , after you get the joke , the second viewing may be more pleasurable . Sadly , the first time was n't a charm ...
The only person remotely having fun is Doug Hutchinson who plays Jigsaw 's brother Loony Bin Jim . If everyone else had that good a time , War Zone would have been a great movie .
About as entertaining as being slapped by a stranger .
Whether you enjoy Punisher : War Zone or not will depend completely on what you 're looking to get out of it .
The film actually wants us to ponder its moral and ethical implications -- which is like a stripper telling you she wants to go to law school . Yeah , sure , whatever you say , movie . I 'm not paying you to talk .
I would n't say that one decapitation ... or a dozen ... or a string of pervasive , grisly , bloody violence saved this film . But ... we were getting an unrelenting action film .
Punisher : War Zone is not a movie that I can tell people to go see in good conscience , but there is an audience out there who likes watching excessive violence , and I must admit there were times when I was entertained .
At one point , the Punisher is asked who punishes him . The better question for those who made this inane bloodfest is : Why punish us ?
Brisk , violent and packed with outlandish stunts , Punisher : War Zone gets the job done , although not as effectively as the first one .
The ultraviolent third stab at Marvel 's homicidal vigilante is the best and closest to the source material .
Assuming you can appreciate the high level of gore and assorted sadistic weirdness , the action is satisfying and the dark story is close to the tone of its Marvel Comics source material .
Punisher : War Zone is bad enough that it may remind viewers how lucky we have been this year to get two superior superhero movies in Iron Man and The Dark Knight .
The acting is better than the script deserves and Lexi Alexander 's cut-to-the-hearse direction lends the film considerable kick . But there is a steel spike at the end of Punisher 's boot that will gouge your eyes out .
Bodily fluids and the sounds they generate are a big part of this gory and wholly unsatisfying slasher film .
With its dopey fight scenes , grimy look and goopy gore , this movie is so far from ept that inept is the wrong word . It 's anti-ept .
War Zone does n't cheat action fans of intense violence ; they 'll be treated to a vast array of vicious butchery .
Punisher : War Zone is the best Punisher movie of the three made so far . That said , it 's still terrible .
This is purely gutter , fanboy , Cheez Whiz cinema , but Alexander delivers the goods .
Incompetent and cartoonish are the best words to describe Punisher : War Zone .
Does it have to be so witless , so stupid , so openly contemptuous of the very audience itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s supposed to be pandering to ?
This is the third crack Hollywood has taken at the comic-book hero the Punisher . They say the third time 's the charm . But then , they say a lot of things .
This awful sequel dispenses with any such pretense , its cartoonish characters running an endless gauntlet of hypergruesome violence .
All -LSB- director -RSB- Alexander proves in Punisher : War Movie is that a martial-arts-trained woman can make a film just as stupid , coarse and numbing as any muscle man .
For a guilty pleasure I can recommend it . As a Punisher movie , it does n't quite work . Good effort , but sorry ... .
If most of the budget has gone to ordnance and blood squibs , director Lexi Alexander films the sprays of gore with an artisan 's eye , and the results make effective if morally indefensible movie red meat .
Frank Castle is supposed to be the dark Dark Knight , but the question I have is does this director actually think `` I want people to laugh at my movie ? ''
This atrocity is even worse than the 2004 version , if such a thing is possible , though I have to grudgingly admit that while it is as foul , vile and stupid as all get out , it is still somewhat better than the Dolph Lundgren version .
There 's too much good stuff here to let the bad stuff off the hook .
` Oh God , now I 've got brains splattered all over me , ' are the final words heard in ` Punisher : War Zone . ' The cop who utters that line likely will be the only person on record to accuse this ultraviolent movie of an excess of brains .
Despite some smart casting choices and appropriately over-the-top violence , the third time is n't the charm for Marvel Comics ' cinematically challenged vigilante .
Parental Content Review
The premise is so awful it veers toward sublime : the angry white guy kills everyone .
Punisher : War Zone is 100 minutes of people getting shot in the face - bad Italian stereotypes , non-existent narrative , and people getting shot in the face .
While not a typical slasher film , it has more in common with ` Hellraiser ' than ` Hellboy , ' which should come as welcome news to those with a taste for exploding skulls , graphic decapitations and cannibalistic feasts .
In the spirit of teaming up franchises , if Lions Gate were to continue reviving hope with The Punisher , maybe the next time around he can protect the winner from VH-1 's Scream Queens against the other Jigsaw in Saw VI .
Punisher : War Zone marks the third time Hollywood has brough Frank Castle to the big screen . Maybe the fourth time will be the charm .
occasionally terrible enough to be funny , but never funny enough to overcome its thundering stupidity
-LRB- T -RRB- here is no stylistic thrill to this blunt object of a callous action film .
Anyone with a modicum of good sense -- or a weak stomach -- will take it as a warning to stay the heck away from this literally and figuratively deadly War Zone .
one of the few non-direct-to-DVD films being produced these days that is laughably awful .
It 's a joyless plunge into gunfire that does n't even know how to draw blood .
Squish squish , bang bang .
The film works a bit better than the 2004 Punisher installment , the one starring surly , dislikable Thomas Jane as Frank Castle .
Steeped in as much over-the-top brutality and gore as comedy , this artless revenge tale would seem to have a limited fan base and shelf life .
If scenes of extreme gore being played for dark laughs disturb you , you sure ai n't the target audience here .
The third attempt to kick-start a franchise based on the Marvel Comics Punisher character is probably the best of the bunch , but that is n't saying much .
A picture of deliberate stupidity and derivative artistry , Punisher : War Zone is so atrocious it makes professional wrestling look like a whimsical afternoon with Shakespeare in the Park by comparison .
Marvel 's latest chunk of comic-book pulp strikes the usual brooding poses , but the film is so utterly ridiculous -- make that bloody ridiculous -- that its self-induced giggle fits become downright hilarious .
Like the Punisher says to one of his victims : ` Let me put you out of my misery . '
You used to be able to depend on a bad film being poorly made . No longer . The Punisher : War Zone is one of the best-made bad movies I 've seen .
Junk , pure and simple ... Stevenson -LSB- is -RSB- a beefy , taciturn fellow with all the charisma of Steven Seagal and an emotional range that goes from A to somewhere just shy of A - .
... like a Seagal movie on crank , only with Friday the 13th bogeyman Jason Voorhees in the lead , provided Jason were smart enough to use guns and missiles
A ` Castle ' complete with a torture chamber .
West 's performance as Jigsaw is eerily similar to what Tommy Lee Jones did as Two-Face in Batman Forever and if that comparison has n't made you vomit a little , wait there 's more !
If at first you do n't succeed , punish , punish again .
On the plus side , Punisher : War Zone has one of the all-time great
B-movie last lines : ` Oh , God , now I 've got brains splattered all over me ! '
Bad writing , worse acting and violence that redefines the word ` excessive ' makes it clear that The Punisher is one Marvel character that probably should stay in the comic books .
Gore-drenched actioner is guaranteed to draw fans of wretched excess like moths to a nuclear holocaust .
Bodily fluids and the sounds they generate are a big part of this gory and wholly unsatisfying slasher film .
The movie is simply a lot of noise and energy that inspires no emotional impact , although you may feel like you need to take a shower once the credits roll .
It 's not often that I get to trot out this little critical bon mot , but here goes : Punisher : War Zone kicks ass .
When The Punisher kills people , he really kills them good . Head shots explode out of nowhere with comic timing . They get that action movie violence is a joke so they do n't try to justify it .




@highlight

Punisher : War Zone recalls the excessively violent , dialogue-challenged actioners of the 1980s , and coincidentally feels two decades out of date .