Yes , it 's cliched and not well acted , Valentine 's Day still musters up some comedic moments -LRB- mostly from Ashton Kutcher -RRB- and keeps your attention .
Works where so many romantic comedies in general fail because it does n't offer some idealized look at love , but shows the power of it - warts and all - from a variety of perspectives .
It tries so hard to capture the magic of films like Love Actually but just stumbles .
A collection of intertwined romances with the fleeting `` aww '' factor of a candy sweetheart .
It 's not even worth it for the star worship . Go watch My Bloody Valentine instead .
If you mainly watch movies in order to see actors you like alentine 's Day is a bargain at twice the price . The minute per movie star average is off the chart here . If you watch movies for any other reason , there 's no reason to see this .
Despite the best efforts of the players , the script is just flat .
A gigantic mess of cliché romantic dramas that only works because it 's brought to life by familiar faces and talented actors .
the equivalent of taking your hooker to Taco Bell
A melange of stories , some that work , some that do n't . Entertaining for what it is , but for little more .
Valentine 's Day fulfils its purpose . It is a sweet film , suitably gooey in the ways of love , with a constant head shot of who 's who celebrity actors .
Watchable enough to make one occasionally forget just how stupid the whole enterprise is .
A bonafide romantic comedy for the OMG generation ...
Now , do n't get me wrong . Valentine 's Day is bad . But it 's difficult to hate a Garry Marshall movie . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
I was most interested in Taylor Swift . You can tell the girl can act , given half a chance -- which she does n't quite get here .
With so many stars and so many subplots jammed into two hours , the film has all the emotional depth of an episode of `` The Love Boat . ''
The overstuffed , uninspiring results would definitely be enough to put an end to this curious sub-genre .
There 's so much terminal cuteness in the picture , I wanted to walk away after the first twenty minutes . Nevertheless , I stayed the course .
No doubt the filmmaker 's intentions were to serve up a tasty sampler platter while understanding that the cinematic equivalent of candy hearts could never make for a fully satisfying main course
There are a lot of actors in Garry Marshall 's Valentine 's Day . Too many to reasonably fit on the poster . And too many , frankly , to fit in the film .
... a breezy bit of escapist fare that 's as watchable as it is romantic .
The film goes through frolicky motions
There are some genuine laughs and a few twists , but Valentine 's Day turns out to be a predictable rom-com . It wants to be Love , Actually , but it does n't have the magic .
Essentially the same movie as `` Crash , '' except that instead of a group of interconnected Angelenos who talk and think only about race , it 's about L.A. denizens talk and think only about Valentine 's Day .
We discover a lot about love and that Taylor Swift ca n't act ! Oh and Eric Dane shocks the hell out of us .
... when it comes to Mr. Marshall , my cynical side goes running home to mama .
A perfect date movie : you 'll miss absolutely nothing of merit if you make out in the back row instead of watching the film .
This might be a trifle , but it 's an entertaining trifle .
A poorly conceived American processed-cheese version of Love Actually , insisting we believe Ashton Kutcher is an acceptable replacement for Hugh Grant .
Rates somewhere between a pink carnation from the boss and the off-label SweetTarts left out in the break room : nothing personal is offered or gained and you really have to work to enjoy it .
Garry Marshall 's romantic comedy delivers plenty of wish fulfillment without managing to offer anything remotely fulfilling .
Easy to watch and easy to enjoy . So full of romance and stars it is critic proof
It 's a very glib , shallow movie , but it keeps you moving around enough that you could actually have a good time .
As so often with recent Hollywood rom-coms , the script smacks of mechanical contrivance , as glib life-lessons are handed out to all and sundry .
Some of the plot strands are hopelessly contrived and characters could have been cut entirely .
It 's got a cold , shiny cash register right where its heart should be .
Set on February 14 in a sunny , smog-free Los Angeles . Its makers doubtless see it as a love letter to that city , but it 's an utterly feeble one , assembled from tired old phrases .
A brutal St Valentine 's Day massacre of comedy , of love , of believable human emotion .
A perfect movie personification of the holiday -- crass , commercial and guaranteed to make a zillion dollars off the love struck masses . Ugh .
The many mysteries of the human heart are n't solved by Garry Marshall 's Love Actually-style ensemble romcom . It 's more like an all-star perfect teeth and hair convention you could cheerfully firebomb .
As predictable as a North Korean election and makes Richard Curtis 's not dissimilar Love Actually look like Ernst Lubitsch at his zenith .
The set pieces , most often provided by rather hammy and two-dimensional , if not straight-down offensive , ` foreigners ' were like something from low-budget Malyalam comedies .
Marshall directs like a giddy Cupid , spreading the joy thinly among the multitudes . Still , if we learn anything from this Valentine 's movie , it 's that even a bit of what you fancy does you good .
Valentine 's Day is an enjoyably empty , tempting snack of a movie , thoughtfully served in candy-coated bite-size chunks .
Stereotypes . Meaningless acts of `` love '' . Random crises . Exacerbated consumerism . Hysterical women . Heartless men . Jokes about vibrating Blackberries .
Ultra-sweet , safe and sporadically heartwarming , this never makes the most of its cast but will no doubt be bulletproof at the box office . Coal-black hearts , you 've been warned ...
Light , breezy , sentimental and amusing , Valentine 's Day is delightful and cringe-making by turns as it sums up the heady pressures and potentially pivotal nature of the event .
Sappiness overflows in a rom-com possessing little humour and all the romance of a bouquet of garage roses . The intention is to put a warm , fuzzy feeling in our tummies . Often it feels like nausea .
This star-studded effort has all the romantic sincerity of an emailed Valentine with an off-the-shelf message .
Your riddle of the week . Why is Valentine 's Day like outer space ? Because it 's a big nothing filled with stars .
At first sight Garry Marshall 's all-star ensemble looks to be a Short Cuts-lite - Short Cutlets , if you will - until it establishes its tone of flabby sentimentality and you realise it 's more like an LA version of Love , Actually .
The romantic-comedy formula is so barely disguised , it feels like it should be a spoof .
The film is described as `` a day in the life of love '' and presents us with a group of beautiful Angelinos striving to justify a screenplay that gives them nothing coherent to do .
Where 's Al Capone and the North Side Gang when you need them ? Cos if the time was right for another Valentine 's Day Massacre , it has to be now .
It shares much in common with producer Irwin Allen 's disaster pics of the 1970s -LRB- The Swarm ; Beyond The Poseidon Adventure -RRB- , which also featured a lot of stars in really bad films .
A good date movie with more stars than script appeal .
I can forgive that they have to hire a pretty actor to play the lonely single spinster hosting an I Hate Valentine 's Day party , but if you 're telling the public that you can binge on chocolate and look like that , that 's just irresponsible .
Valentine 's Day the film , is exactly what you think it is . You ca n't complain if you see it , because , you were warned . By the title , by the trailer and by the genre .
How obvious is ` Valentine 's Day ? ' Well , just take the scene in which a teenage boy approaches his girlfriend 's house to have sex for the first time in either of their lives . The song on the soundtrack at that time : Foreigner 's ` Feels Like the First Time . '
Skits-ophrenic moviemaking in an overly crowded scenario , that seems less like a smoothly paced script than a rush hour traffic jam on the LA freeway . Though Queen Latifah saves the day slightly at the finish line , doing The Devil Wears Plus Size Prada .
More geared to celebrity-spotting than cinematic storytelling , it 's fluffy and flimsy .
Unoriginal sitcom squanders bounty of A-List stars .
Sure , Valentine 's Day smacks cute and is probably an adequate date movie , but it does n't really inspire genuine tingling , feel-good sentiments that a well-crafted film of this genre should do .
You 're going to like half of the fluff , but it 's ultimately very forgettable .
` Valentine 's Day ' sometimes misses the mark because of its uneven pacing , but it managed to hold my interest despite skipping around to so many characters .
I loved a couple of the scenes in Valentine 's Day : the opening credits and the closing credits .
It accomplishes what it sets out to do . That is , it puts a smile on your face and leaves you reaching for the hand of your significant other .
`` It 's like a Valentine 's Day card put on screen -- it 's vaguely quotable , sweet , occasionally clever -- and totally vanilla . Which basically means it 'll make the perfect date movie for this Valentine 's Day . ''
Valentine 's Day is plagued with phoned-in performances , banal dialogue , and some of the most ridiculous storylines you 'll ever encounter in a major feature film .
Despite being contrived and predictable , this crowd-pleaser is a perfect date movie for the under-35 age group . The movie cuts across generations from a childhood crush to teenage angst and old age in showing the sweet and messy sides of either approachin
This has not a single ounce of the charm that you might find in LOVE , ACTUALLY or a number of other films revolving around romance . It 's just plain bad .
The demographically friendly Valentine 's Day boldly asserts that it 's a film made for everyone , but look closely and you 'll find a center as squishy as that of a melted chocolate caramel nougat .
Where 's Burt Bachrach or Leonard Cohen when you need him ?
As I started to type out the plot threads , it struck me that none of the storylines are that interesting to read . They are n't that much fun to watch either .
A galaxy of stars ca n't make us fall for Valentine 's Day , but it sure can keep us distracted for two hours .
Hope they had fun making Valentine 's Day . There 's little to be had watching it .
It has the radiant glow of a Hollywood pitch meeting .
A rom-com monstrosity .
It 's like being force-fed , all in one sitting , an entire box of cheap ... heart-shaped chocolates from the dollar store ... . But ohmagosh , Bradley Cooper and Julia Roberts are so totally adorable together !
` Valentine 's Day ' is one of the worst romantic comedies assembled . It does a serious injustice to the holiday .
The film may be set in L.A. , but no scene lasts longer than a New York minute .
Every skit is lame , every line of dialogue is stale , every joke falls flat , and every performance has been phoned in between text messages to agents blinking , `` SOS ! ''
Mushy ensemble romcom sticks to formula ; some sexy stuff .
Valentine 's Day is a passing nod to love , like a box of chocolates or flowers that soon wilt . It 's star-studded amiable fluff with no real value , but it 's kind of a tickle if you 're in the mood .
Charmingly cast and phenomenally so-so .
With a cast that reads like the Vogue Oscar party guest list , Valentine 's Day should have been ca n't - miss cinema instead of standard Hollywood schmaltz .
I had always thought of Love Actually , this movie 's obvious antecedent , as a pleasant diversion , but next to Valentine 's Day , it 's a cerebral epic on par with Robert Altman 's Nashville .
If you did n't despise Hallmark 's holiday before , you certainly will after enduring this Death March of rom-coms .
For the most part , the stars know they 're in a piece of junk . You can see it in their eyes , except for Jessica Alba 's -- you ca n't see anything in there .
More than a dozen familiar faces are wasted in this trite , groan-inducing mediocrity .
I 'm sure Marshall is a sweet fellow , but his movies have become clueless , klutzy abominations , with Valentine 's Day an affront to the art of love , somehow roping in an all-star cast to help sell the pure ick .
Not funny , romantic , or realistic and instead wallows in that only-in-Hollywood area usually occupied by bad sitcoms or made-for-cable movies
Wow ! This is easily one of the worst films ever written ! It 's astounding that this nonsense got the green light to get made .
It 's virtually impossible to do anything but scratch the surface of character development when the camera is shuttling around to so many different cast members and situations , many of which are so puerile it 's shocking .
A movie full of cute fluff instead of passion
The Valentine 's Day card : light on content , big on frills . And yet far more substantive than this flimsy piece of cinematic cardboard that 's even more commercial than the holiday it celebrates .
Garry Marshall delivers a well-balanced romantic comedy that delivers the laughs and a classic Shirley MacLaine scene . Though , the film needed to lose about twenty minutes .
To compare Valentine 's Day to Richard Curtis ' wonderfully funny and moving examination of realized crushes and heartbreak , Love Actually , is like offering you a choice between a date with Lloyd Dobler or a Peterson . Scott or Drew , take your pick .
Some heartwarming moments do spring up here and there , but this more of a cinematic red carpet for current Hollywood talent than an actual movie .
Parental Content Review
This feels less like a movie and more like a strategically programmed effort to turn as many demographic groups as possible into mooshy , gooshy , candy-heart-munching morons .
Less funny or romantic than your average colonoscopy , this cringe-inducing bore provides dubious employment for four Oscar winners , two nominees and a raft of TV performers such as George Lopez , all of whom have been seen to better advantage elsewhere .
The running time is 125 minutes , a lot for a romantic comedy , but the minutes fly by .
Like a tiny car that putters into the centre ring at the circus and starts disgorging clown after clown , Valentine 's Day has crammed 19 stars into one vehicle . The difference ? Clowns are entertaining .
Bombarded by cliché , you wilt in your seat like a discarded rose .
High art ? Maybe not . But Valentine 's Day certainly goes down easy .
Sugary , sappy and totally predictable . It 's also what a whole lot of women are likely to want .
It 's clunky , aimless and not especially funny .
With few exceptions , Marshall presents each star at the maximum of his or her talents ; in the few precious moments when Roberts owns the screen , she also owns the whole movie .
The film is just too slow and filled with too much mystifying pabulum for it to resonate .
The film 's main problems are script-related .
For all Valentine 's Day 's obvious pulse-quickening attributes , ironically what proves its undoing is a lack of real heart .
Too cocooned in its own shiny little Hollywood world to be called cynical , but in no genuine way romantic or comedic either .
Valentine 's Day is clearly trying to play us for a rube , taking advantage of our kind hearts , but we wo n't get fooled again , will we ?
The characters do n't do anything that you have n't seen a dozen times before .
When it turned out to be broad , unfunny , tiresome , overlong , and pointless , well , I was n't surprised . Those adjectives all appear on Garry Marshall 's business card .
Stale , unfunny , painfully dull , asinine and charmless . It 's the antithesis of everything that a truly great romantic comedy ought to be .
While it may not necessarily reinvent the genre , it beats the likes of `` The Ugly Truth '' or `` Leap Year '' like a gong .
There 's nothing new or refreshing about the movie , but there 's also nothing overly annoying or painful about its abundance of generic characters in common situations brought together by the ultimate Hallmark holiday .
Valentine 's Day , I saw Love Actually , I knew Love Actually , Love Actually was a friend of mine . Valentine 's Day , you 're no Love Actually .
It 's a warm , fuzzy , fluffy , entertaining film .
A Garry Marshall movie has to be funny in order to be anything at all , and this one is so deeply involved with its pseudo-meaningful roundelay of beautiful but inexplicably lovelorn people as to be teeth-grindingly , mind-warpingly boring .
Woefully mechanical and uninspired , Valentine 's Day holds not a single genuinely romantic moment in its whole two-hour running time .
Ladies and gentlemen , let the record show that the Twitter movie has arrived .
Valentine 's Day has all the awkward tedium of a bad first date , without the promise or excitement of a good one .
Valentine 's Day deploys every rom-com cliché , minus the com-there 's is n't a laugh in the movie , unless you count a fleeting sequence featuring comedian Larry Miller , who 's also probably the least prominent member of the cast .
The dire romantic comedy Valentine 's Day is neither romantic nor remotely comedic .
... a gargantuan cast who only stand to benefit by the six degrees of separation they will now be able to claim with four Oscar winners , another couple of nominees and the cast and guest stars of `` Grey 's Anatomy . ''
Long and spineless and ultimately grueling , it 's like being shown five-minute clips from the greatest romances of all time , but in grainy YouTube quality .
Lumbers through no less than 15 Valentine vignettes , each as thin as a Hallmark card yet none quite as endearingly sentimental .
Valentine 's Day is a date movie from hell . How did director Garry Marshall persuade a big name cast to stuff themselves into this box of rancid heart-shaped chocolates ?
The stars mostly shine , the story snippets mostly amuse and you 'll barely notice all the empty spots where a plot used to be .
The film seems like a package deal arranged by a talent agency that found half its stars were idle for a day or two over a three-week period .
Garry Marshall 's new movie is like a luscious-looking Valentine 's treat that turns out to be disappointingly bland .
With so many people hanging around , you 'd think Marshall and screenwriter Katherine Fugate could scare up an interesting plotline or two , but no such luck .
The real St. Valentine was stoned and beheaded ; would that the same fate fell on the people behind this shallow , shabby fraud .
As sweets go , it 's not dense and complex like a truffle , rather , it 's light and modest like a chocolate kiss . It 's not art ; it 's a pick-me-up .
Tiny , tangerine Alba seems interested only in beating Rosario Dawson 's record for most bad movies in a career . Swift 's film debut is more torturously abrasive than her Grammy performance .
Contemplating the romantic prospects of Ashton Kutcher and Jennifer Garner , it 's hard to summon up a sentiment beyond the one muttered by my viewing companion : `` Fine , mush your boring faces together already . ''
It 's overstuffed , and some raunchy , Sex and the City-type sensibilities detract from the sweeter , more gentle and better moments .
For those who prefer their romantic comedy in bulk , this is a steal . But attention Costco shoppers : Quantity here runs a distant second to quality .
A dreadful romantic comedy with characters that talk claptrap and trivialize love .
On Taylor Swift , not since Madonna in ` Who 's That Girl ? ' have I seen such an annoying performance . The only thing that could 've saved her jittery acting is if Kanye West had stormed her scenes . That might 've resulted in an Oscar nod for Miss Taylor !
Packed to the rafters with star talent and greeting card sentiments , this is best appreciated by women who cry at TV commercials .
Valentine 's Day explores love in all its myriad forms , from the sickeningly sappy to the cornball to the groaningly precious and obnoxiously cute .
Director Garry Marshall bounces so quickly from story to story that by the time you see so-and-so shtupping so-and-so again , you 've forgotten which dramarama belongs to whom .
an alternate Los Angeles where coincidence is commonplace and -LRB- finally ! -RRB- every white woman in America finds her Prince Charming in the span of one day
Director Garry Marshall 's ensemble romantic-comedy Valentine 's Day is ultimately too superficial and slick to really touch the heart .
What might have seemed like a lively idea -- an all-star roundelay about love in Los Angeles -- is as fossilized as the wooly mammoths in the La Brea Tar Pits .
Most successful is the chemistry between Grace and Hathaway , but with so many swings , that 's a pretty low batting average .
Aggressively unfunny and unromantic .
Valueless as entertainment , it 's still useful as a disambiguation tool for those who confuse Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel , or Taylor Dayne and Taylor Swift .
It 's like a bunch of episodes from that lousy old ABC anthology series , ` Love , American Style , ' squished together .
How can a movie starring everyone offer so little ? Valentine 's Day is one of the most charmless , unromantic , unfunny romantic comedies in years .
Valentine 's Day is n't a chore to sit through , but it is n't much to watch , either .
Any potential for depth or intelligence has been sucked out by the very holiday the film attempts to glorify . The two hours watching this movie was no fairy tale .
offers the pat , the predictable , and the preposterous in equal measure in its relentless attempt to cover all possible romantic bases , yet never quite makes it past home plate
Is Valentine 's Day good ? Not really , though plenty of the actors are .
This is probably how it feels to be strangled with a candy necklace .
Valentine 's Day is so desperate to keep all the characters alive , it 's like those Russian jugglers who run around , trying to keep all their plates spinning on poles .
With an enormous ensemble cast and more intertwined plots than you can count , this fluffy concoction is shamelessly sentimental and silly , and yet it 's also an undemanding crowd-pleaser .
Disappointing romcom that falls painfully flat , thanks to a badly written script , poor direction , boring characters , cliched storylines and a shocking lack of laughs .
None of these famous faces puts more than the minimum required effort into the intersecting love stories .
Cliche piles upon cliche in this tepid comedy .
... may waste more talent and star power than any film since Won Ton Ton , the Dog Who Saved Hollywood . There are more laughs in the final seven minutes -- in the form of closing credit roll outtakes -- than in the 118 minutes preceding .
About as personal and memorable as a seasonal card your significant other snatches up from a local Duane Reade at the last minute .
I did n't like any part of this movie .
`` Valentine 's Day '' is yet another date movie that 's less than the sum of its parts .
Marshall , working from a script by Katherine Fugate , probably would have done better to pare some of the elements to concentrate more fully on ... something . His golf game , maybe .
Charm will only get you so far . In this case , even the most charming -LRB- and huge -RRB- cast can only do so much with this corny compilation .
It 's an American Love Actually without the warmth that writer-director Richard Curtis stuffs into his all-star confections , without the wit , without much love , actually .
It 's a romantic piffle stuffed with so much candy that your skin could break out .
Light your money on fire and watch it burn . It will have an equivalent entertainment value and you 'll save on gas , parking and snacks .
Just like a surprise box of chocolates , Valentine 's Day is mostly delicious , even if it may leave some in the audience wanting more .
Valentine 's Day is like a box of fancy chocolates from a secret admirer . Intentions may be genuine , but knowing nothing about the other party kills off meaning or a reason to care .
So many stars , so many storylines , looking for love in all the wrong places
The movie is n't awful , and nor is it an award winner , unless you count Swift 's frontrunner status to add a worst supporting actress Razzie to her shelf full of Grammys .
Makes you hate the day . Is n't Garry Marshall -LRB- 76 -RRB- too old for a fluffy romantic comedy for teens ? Lots of stars get paid for 3 days of easy work .
As gooey and lacking in protein as a chocolate holiday bonbon , Valentine 's Day plays like a feature-length commercial produced by the Friends of the Valentine Promotional Society .
A couple of touching moments aside , Valentine 's Day is as blatantly engineered and resolutely frothy as mid-February date movies get .
Like a lot of Valentine 's Day gifts , showy and easily forgotten .
A perfect date movie with more stars than script appeal ... it 's contrived and predictable , although there are a couple of surprises
click to read full review





@highlight

Eager to please and stuffed with stars , Valentine 's Day squanders its promise with a frantic , episodic plot and an abundance of rom-com cliches .