Love , Rosie is quaint comfort-cinema that makes for an amiable watch .
If you can treat the experience as an extended bubble-bath and remember the whole affair is to depth and substance what Boyzone were to Bob Dylan , you wo n't go far wrong .
It 's soppy stuff , not nearly funny enough , and Lily Collins ' sterling efforts are mainly in vain .
Love , Rosie succeeds well enough on its own , largely due to the fabulous chemistry between the leads , who bring their flawed , well-rounded characters to life in a funny , warm and amiable manner .
The two leads have absolutely no chemistry . Claflin -LRB- The Hunger Games -RRB- has Hugh Grant 's chiselled jaw but none of his comic flair , while Collins comes across as yet another doe-eyed English rose .
Something original in the romantic comedy genre . -LSB- full review Spanish -RSB-
Entertaining , fulfills its role as a romantic comedy . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director successfully builds good story about love and kindness . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Love , Rosie tries to tell an original love story , but it does n't quite get there . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Besides the fact that it 's full of near-misses , the movie 's charming leads salvage it from being just another predictable romantic drama .
Predictable romance has teen sex , drinking .
It 's obvious how this British romantic comedy will turn out , and getting there is n't funny or charming enough to generate much emotional investment .
Managed to win me over with a combination of British charm , clever writing , and well-executed performances .
There 's not one clever or original plot device in Love , Rosie , and not one believable character or line of dialogue .
`` Love , Rosie '' is one of those annoying movies in which everything would be just fine if the two central characters had a simple conversation that cleared up all their misunderstandings .
Love , Rosie 's early charm fades by the end , given that , as time -LRB- and the movie -RRB- wears on , neither Rosie nor Alex get any more mature when it comes to matters of the heart .
Constant fuchsia lighting ca n't make this setup warm .
Do you really want to expose your adolescent daughter to 100 minutes of the beautiful Lily Collins accepting second-best , over and over and over and over and over and over and over again ?
A visually pleasing film , given to framing the characters in dappled sunlight that peeks through windblown leaves . It 's a pity the rest of the project is so poorly executed .
Watching lifelong friends , clearly destined for each other , miss the romantic boat over and over is entertaining at first , but soon their tortuous and silly road to the inevitable provokes only impatience .
The problem is n't that Rosie and Alex are n't charming ; in fact , they 're both thoroughly nice and endearing and attractive , so much so that I lost interest in them pretty quickly .
`` A Styrofoam heart and an embarrassingly juvenile worldview guide ` Love , Rosie , ' the latest pit stop for rising stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin . ''
Every action both parties take , over roughly a dozen years , seems motivated by the understanding that there 'll be no movie unless they do it .
Few scenes connect as profoundly as director Christian Ditter envisions , rendering the effort heavy with quirk and an abuse of coincidence , and light with urgent matters of the heart .
The good-hearted and intermittently sweet Love , Rosie attempts through sheer force of will to convince viewers that its good-looking protagonists are a good match .
The message is more pedestrian than passionate : Life is long , and full of instant messages .
Cynics should steer clear , but Love , Rosie boasts two charming leads , a genuinely sweet tenor and such a warm blend of humor and heart that it could easily become a new teen favorite .
`` Love , Rosie '' does n't aspire to be anything more than a digestible rom-com trifle . It 's a sweet movie about sweet people who are always sweet to each other and it 's enough to make one sick on the saccharine .
A romance found wanting thanks to watered down chemistry between the stars .
It 's all a bit of a mess really . Despite the likeability of the two stars - Lily Collins and Sam Claflin , whose mouth resembles Hugh Grant 's - there is so much silliness in this film that I found it alienating .
As romantic-comedies go , this worthwhile , incident-packed effort deserves credit for spending the balance of its time exploring the underside of love ... The last time we saw that done this well was 27 Dresses .
Ditter has made a handful of popular comedies in Germany , and while he 's able to maintain a certain rhythm and polish , there 's ultimately nothing in Love , Rosie that distinguishes it much from your average in-flight movie .
What all this adds up to is a film with the consistency of fairy floss , enjoyable provided you 're not expecting substance of any kind at all .
Bad timing is the central theme of this Four Weddings and A Funeral wanna-be , which despite several weddings , a funeral and a cliché ridden script , groans with predictable twists and turns as the two protagonists um and err about their future together
-LSB- A -RSB- brightly moronic young adult romance .
It 's not entirely unlikable , but there 's nothing here to match the charm of the movies this imitates , nor justify the mood swings that it signally fails to negotiate .
This very slight romantic comedy is almost sunk by its messy plot and some icky , ill-judged moments but stays afloat thanks to buoyant leads Lily Collins and Sam Claflin .
If you 've seen the trailer for this adaptation of Cecelia Ahern 's second novel then you probably need n't bother forking out for a ticket as they more or less signpost just how the story pans out .
Maybe Dublin collectively dissociated itself from the project . Who 'd blame it ?
Collins has a gamine-like quality reminiscent of a young Audrey Hepburn but her effervescent charm is n't enough to hide the chronic absurdities in the storyline .
Love , Rosie is a cheery , sweetly funny will-they-won ` t-they teen rom-com that rolls on through the more complex twenties of Rosie -LRB- Lily Collins -RRB- and Alex -LRB- Sam Claflin -RRB- as their friendship , which began aged five , teeters on the cusp of love .
Everything is so calculated and phoney that you do n't believe a word of it .
Amid the bungles , Collins is a bright spark .
Never before has one script screamed so loudly for a Carrie Fisher rewrite ; anything at all to inject a little wit , decency or soul .
The destination may never be in doubt , but thanks to likeable performances from stars Lily Collins and Sam Claflin this predictable film has a heart and soul that keeps it watchable for the duration .
A soapy heartstring fiddler ...
Celia Ahern 's chick-lit novel about two friends who are secretly in love has been made into a not-quite-rubbish Brit romcom .
In the end it all feels rather heavy-handed and over-laden with music cues to the extent that the story rarely gets a chance to breathe and properly develop .
Cliched , predictable and unbearable in parts - but it never once loses sight of what it 's trying to achieve , affectionately , and earnestly , adhering to the tropes of the romantic comedy genre .
Likeable leads and the odd good joke makes this romance an amiable time-passer .
That it wastes the talent of two young actors with star potential is upsetting , that it insults its audience is frankly unforgivable .
A thoroughly likeable English-language debut for German comedy helmer Christian Ditter ... elevated by vibrant visuals and the winsome chemistry of Lily Collins and Sam Claflin .

@highlight

Lilly Collins and Sam Claflin are appealing , and they give it their all , but they 're undone by Love , Rosie 's silly , clichéd storyline .