The surprises surprised me so much that I am not sure I have quite mastered the plot yet . It is all excellent fun but , as with the original , not serious .
Good as the players are , they ca n't make this hokum remotely believable .
If it is n't the original 's equal , The Manchurian Candidate conjures up an air of menace sufficient to make most modern thrillers look like romantic comedies .
Sleek remake is more violent than original .
This humorless and nonsensical update of The Manchurian Candidate - a total misread of Frankenheimer 's classic original - never quite engages , devolving the original 's camp and satire into self-serious melodrama .
Jonathan Demme 's new Manchurian Candidate is a gourmet-popcorn movie -- a hugely entertaining thriller shot through with dark shards of agony and paranoia . It takes nothing away from the original while delivering pleasures all its own .
A rather decent imitation in the end with political subtext and very good performances .
It is as shocking now as it was forty years ago , but nothing in the 2004 version approaches that level of intensity , intelligence , or audacity .
Demme 's direction is as punctilious as it was in Silence of the Lambs , careful with details and craftsmanlike with storytelling -- although we do have to work a bit to stay on top of things .
The original film worked also as delicious satire , where this wannabe cousin to Michael Moore 's Fahrenheit 9/11 ignites unintentional laughs .
... an above-average contemporary remake ...
Demme 's filmmaking has lost none of its jazz .
With an inchoate admonition implanted in its aggrieved , post-modern heart , Demme 's Manchurian Candidate is blippy and fractured and smeared with color .
The movie is playing with ideas , and they 're important enough to bear thinking about now . What it 's playing on are our fears . And they 're real enough , and worth addressing .
Happily , this extremely timely entertainment matches , even perhaps surpasses its predecessor .
Impressively accomplished and highly entertaining , with sufficiently smart new twists to keep you guessing all the way to the nerve-wracking climax .
A superb piece of filmmaking by directing icon Jonathan Demme that surpasses the John Frankenheimer original in ways I did n't think possible .
What is surprising is how fresh Demme 's version is and how close it approaches the original in terms of quality .
the ending is mother of all disappointments
The film starts out as a taut , psychological thriller with a keen analysis of today 's politics , but it eventually begins to slack off into third-rate originality .
Jonathan Demme did a very good job in remaking a classic piece of American cinema .
This is a good old-fashioned thriller , nothing less , and nothing more .
An exhilarating , if politically wishy-washy , modern-day reimagining of Frankenheimer 's gem .
Jonathan Demme 's inventive update of The Manchurian Candidate proves that you can remake classic movies -- provided you 've got a strong captain at the helm .
Inégal , mais efficace .
Demme 's The Manchurian Candidate is a political popcorn pleaser that 's rousing in its sheer rawness .
Demme takes the excellent source material ... and recreates it in a new style , with energy , wit , and a profound sense of cultural relevance .
An intelligent , provocative blockbuster that succeeds on its own merits .
The Manchurian Candidate is a highly satisfying conspiracy theory thriller .
While not superior to the original , this paranoid conspiracy psycho-thriller is still a superior remake .
A polished remake of a 60s classic .
It does n't match the raw , satirical power of the original , but Demme 's `` Candidate '' does score major points for being so prescient .
On its own terms , demme 's update is an aborbing pulp fare , but as a remake of the superb 1962 film , it leaves much to be desired .
Demme 's film is far from perfect and decidedly out-of-date , but it 's a fantastic cast that make this version so successful .
There is n't a dull moment in this hallucinatory thriller , where the self-serving spin of TV news permeates the story throughout like a malevolent Greek chorus .
Sure the original 1962 version with Sinatra was better , but still this Jonathon Demme take is pretty chilling .
A rare case of the remake being as good as the original .
Demme 's remake of the 1962 cold war political thriller arrives in a particularly heated time in American political life . So how is it that if feels so lukewarm ?
If they did n't get it , why did they want to remake it ?
The original movie had a vision - quirky , unnerving , enduring - but the version now in theaters just has a market niche .
Director Demme is no John Frankenheimer and Meryl Streep ... is no Angela Lansbury ... Streep does n't even come close to portraying the menacing character Lansbury created .
This solid thriller only works if you 're unfamiliar with the 1962 original , one of the best films ever made .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Demme is n't so locked into a classic script that he ca n't find his own ethos , his own pulse , and his own unseen fears .
Though fans of the original may chafe at the altered ending , the new Candidate is a tight , high-strung political thriller in its own right .
A polite attempt at a modest reimagination , and on those grounds it succeeds .
With such a paint-by-numbers screenplay and generally uninspired performances ... it 's nowhere near horrible , but it resides of the realm of the completely forgettable
Conspiracy buffs , thriller aficionados and Denzel fans will likely be satiated ... but audiences resistant to remakes might want their Candidate to remain black and white .
Demme serves the picture completely .
An `` A '' for effort ... Still , the frayed plot strands of the 2004 Manchurian Candidate make it a lame duck to Frankenheimer 's first-term thriller .
As remakes go , Demme 's film is one of the better ones , but why does Hollywood insist on remaking classics when there are so many bad ones out there needing improvement ?
The Manchurian Candidate , at bottom , has commitment problems . It is more serious and more diverting than your average summer release , but it is n't necessarily better .
Jonathan Demme 's reworking of the tale 's cold war leanings into homeland security ones are a nice match to the source material .
Strikes me as a very artful cover -- about the cleverest imaginable transliteration of the story from its historical moment to ours .
... the levels of deceit and high-level politics was masterfully handled here .
Despite the political pizzazz and updated plot twists , the film still felt like a rerun .
This may be a little paranoid if one accepts Demme 's vision at face value , and it certainly comes off as the work of a self-hating Democrat .
a political thriller crossed with a horror film
Demme 's trail of dualities surveys a contemporary America that thrives on predatory divisions of profiteers and victims , the rich and the poor , information and truth .
An ambitious example of intelligent summer counterprogramming , this is one remake that does n't cannibalize the greatness of the original .
Far from a disgrace , but it 's not freewheeling enough , not strange enough to make sense of our gathering dread .
If you 're a fan of literate suspense , then `` The Manchurian Candidate '' is the film to see .
And if it does n't quite come together like it appears it is going to early on , it 's still a much better attempt at remake than one could have possibly hoped for .
Beautifully made and unsurpassingly creepy , it 's the rare remake with something contemporary to add .
The political satire is subtle , often funny and alarming simultaneously , and the film never forgets to thrill us .
Demme 's Candidate is neither prophetic nor very parodic . It 's like the mutterings of a talented filmmaker half in a dream .
Fast , slick , glitzy ... had me asking , `` Where 's the beef ? ''
Manchurian Candidate fizzles out like an Alka-Seltzer releasing its last carbonated bubble -- we never even make it to the middle of our seat , let alone the edge .
This film may hold the honor of being the most paranoid piece of cinema ever made .
Viewers may feel as if they 're watching a dramatization of ` Fahrenheit 9/11 ' ...
... if you 're reading this now , you can resist your brainwash programming for weak thrillers and go see The Bourne Supremacy instead .
-LSB- Has moments of -RSB- delirious political comedy , and it functions as a thriller , too .
... coldly gripping , if not down right scary .
`` The Manchurian Candidate '' is a taut , timely thriller .
I 'm not sure Demme 's quite justified the idea of a remake on a thematic basis , but he has made a fine thriller .
A remake was wholly unnecessary , especially when it 's as sloppy and inefficient a thriller as this one turned out to be .
Demme 's version is assured and stylized ; if anything , it also lends support to this American story 's bid for timelessness .
Just when you think Demme lost it , a brilliant moment of phototography , lighting , or acting appears
A remake of the original Cold War version of this film has hit the big screen .
Film delivers brainy performances through a script that is tense and unsettling .
Following a dozen years of docs , light comedy , and p.c. weepies , Candidate represents Demme 's best dramatic filmmaking since The Silence of the Lambs .
The only actor who outshines his predecessor is Schreiber , a criminally underrated actor who thoroughly sells both Raymond 's public allure and private confusion .
The first version was acidulous and brazenly absurd ; this one is doggedly , wretchedly earnest .
Demme here shows off both the mastery of suspense that made The Silence of the Lambs a classic , and the humane understanding and appreciation of character that not just deepens but energizes this film .
-LSB- A -RSB- wild ride that never , never commits the crime of being dull .
A tale of political manipulation that makes the real thing look like a model of idealistic cordiality .
Some originals should be allowed to rest in peace ; `` The Manchurian Candidate '' is a prime example .
Even in Hollywood , the more things change -LRB- technology , end of the Cold War , corporate influence -RRB- , the more things stay the same -LRB- greed , avarice , powerlust -RRB- .
... like sitting inside Michael Moore 's head .
... un excellent thriller , sérieux et adulte .
With barrels aimed directly on the Democratic establishment , Demme unloads a quesy social argument seamlessly mixed with blockbuster appeal and suspensful paranoia .
The whole film has the creepy quality of a nightmare about it . Maybe that is why it works so well , despite the plot holes .
As much a rethinking as a remake of the 1962 movie , this is a top-notch political thriller for our times .
Marks a real revitalization of the political thriller , and with its plot climax occurring in conjunction with an American presidential election , the film could not be any more ` of the moment ' and cautionary .
Its wishy-washy approach to these grave problems depicted lacked the artistic freedom of the original and thereby failed to say anything new or mind-bending .
Provides enough heart-racing , whodunit moments to make it one presidential race worth closely following .
Get over this being a remake of a true classic and you 'll find it 's a movie more suited to today 's sensibilities .
The film draws a line between the corporation and the government , sustaining a hope that the U.S. system might be salvaged by an honestly free election .
Ratchets up the tension in a way that meshes smoothly with these polarized political times .
For now the goal is not world domination to further an ideology , but political power to boost profits . Such a comedown .
Presents a world awfully close to the one we live in , which makes everything that happens all the more disturbing , helping turn this Manchurian Candidate into a winner .
The film twists and turns more times than a drunk driver on a mountain highway .
This newfangled ` Manchurian Candidate ' delivers old-fashioned mesmerizing entertainment .
A picture that purports to have a galvanizing , liberal-minded theme -LRB- big business is taking over our country and our lives -RRB- but is really just ploddingly pedestrian .
A stylish hoot : entertainingly edgy and ludicrous all at once .
It shunts through the material , doing some interesting synthesizing , some genetic recombining , but it all adds up to something less powerful and interesting than the original .
A case of smart and talented people trying to jam a Cold War square into a Gulf War circle .
A fine and thought-provoking film in its own right .
This one plays more like a contemporary techno-thriller with ultra-clammy '70s conspiracy thriller overtones , and Demme milks the atmosphere of pervasive , sleep-deprived dread beautifully .
While Demme 's Manchurian Candidate may be unnecessary , it 's a worthy homage to the original ; lacking the first film 's spark but containing smarts of its own .
The remake shakes down as a conventionally plotted thriller . It 's the performances that make it exceptional .
Frankenheimer 's film was prophetic of the Age of Assassinations . Demme 's is a warmed-over casserole of anxiety .
Demme 's variation on Condon 's work emerges as little more than a craftsmanlike film with occasional flashes of intelligence and brilliance .
As welcome and as frightening today as it was when Frank Sinatra played Washington 's role in the '62 version .
A movie that 's not only unnecessary but distressingly inactive and prone to the preposterous .
Given a story with meat and purpose and importance , Demme delivers a masterfully cast and smartly constructed film of devastating effectiveness .
A crackerjack thriller , full of great performances and different enough from its source material to keep educated viewers on their toes .
Still works as a scary thriller , and if this version no longer seems absurdly impossible -- well , that 's scarier still .
In movie heaven , the original is still the one for all time . Still , this update is remarkable for its performances , resolve and timeliness , and could well revive the snoozing political-thriller genre .
Maybe half the film the original was . But in the current movie climate , half a classic is nothing to sneer at .
The less one knows or remembers about the original , the more likely Demme 's The Manchurian Candidate will work its chilling , thrilling magic .
So how does Demme 's version stand up just on its own ? Reasonably well .
An even more powerful comment on its time than the movie on which it 's based .
The rare remake that takes on its own times and spirit . It 's not better than the original -- in some areas it 's weaker -- but it is its own movie .
It should come as no surprise that the real scene-stealer here is Streep , who appears to be paying tribute to Angela Lansbury 's performance in the original , as well as mimicking Hillary Rodham Clinton .
This is an intelligent and detailed work , full of fine performances .
-LSB- Demme 's -RSB- got a cast that can actually go toe to toe with Frankenheimer 's : Denzel Washington , Meryl Streep and Liev Schreiber .
Lacks some of the heart and soul of the original , but it still manages to be entertaining thanks in large part to the talents of Denzel Washington , Meryl Streep and Liev Schreiber .
Demme has crafted a sophisticated and creepy adult thriller anchored by blistering performances from Denzel Washington , Meryl Streep and Liev Schreiber .
Demme 's film is more nuanced , less crazy-brilliant and , yes , probably less necessary , but it 's still a confirmation of all the anxieties out there on the table and festering in our heads .
Harder , edgier and more disturbing than its Cold War predecessor , and ultimately benefits from an improved motive rooted in current political affairs .
Best of all is Streep , taking on Angela Lansbury 's classic villain and imbuing her meaty role with a little Hillary Clinton , a lot of Lady Macbeth and a pinch of Oedipus ' mum .
... just because you 're a remake of a cinematic classic does n't mean you ca n't be a smart , high-wire thriller in your own right .
It 's like a great singer 's rendition of a hoary standard .
The script ... now has a certain weariness and is full of gaping holes .
As literal-minded and dramatically flaccid as its predecessor was allusive and taut .
Uniformly excellent performances keep this destabilizing tale ticking , yet one ca n't help wishing Hollywood had combined this cast and these timely themes with a little bit of imagination to come up with something fresh .
Like Demme 's previous Washington starrer , Philadelphia , it 's got something to say -- and says it well .
Crisp pacing , an agitated sense of an unraveling reality and a uniformly strong cast earn this edition of The Manchurian Candidate a vote of recommendation .
Demme has taken a story we thought we knew and , while making its outlines mostly recognizable , rotated it into another dimension of conspiracy .
One of those superbly crafted , topical , relevant , content-driven chillers that makes you think . Meryl Streep delivers an electrifying , Oscar-caliber performance .
To really enjoy this movie I think you have to have a small device implanted in your brain .
screenwriters Daniel Pyne and Dean Georgaris take this opportunity to make up for a few small problems inherent in the original .
Demme takes his time , letting the masterful actors do their thing and letting the eerie momentum slowly build .
Packed with strong performances and a literate script , it is rich in resonances torn from the headlines .
The kindest , warmest , bravest , most selfless movie I 've ever known .
Surprisingly effective as a thriller -- if ultimately rather timid -LRB- especially for an election year -RRB- as a political satire .
Demme , an enigmatic filmmaker who successfully bounces between fiction and nonfiction , goes for the thrills here , leaving the chills to the original .
The updated Manchurian Candidate makes conspiracy theorists look like they have the collective imagination of an acorn .
With Meryl Streep in an updated version of the Angela Lansbury role , Denzel Washington in the Frank Sinatra part ... the movie is a virtual master class of acting .
a taut , up-to-the-minute reimagining of the original ... Demme , in his best film since ` The Silence of the Lambs , ' superbly builds the mystery ...
-LSB- T -RSB- he film 's overabundance of preposterous pop-corny-ness and simultaneous and surprising naivete defang it .
A smart contemporary film that , like ` The Bourne Supremacy ' and the upcoming ` Collateral ' , takes familiar genre conventions and gives them a reasonably intelligent spin .
An appropriately paranoid remake of the much-lauded 1962 conspiracy thriller , anchored by outstanding performances by Denzel Washington and Meryl Streep .
Remake of '60s pop masterpiece does n't equal its predecessor , but it 's still got some bitter , tasty moments of commentary .
Nothing gets in the way of a great story , well told , one which manages to slip in a few political digs without losing sight of its mission as popular suspense entertainment .
A more scary than suspenseful affair , created in workmanlike fashion by all those involved .
A political and psychological thriller that is richer in texture and nuance than its predecessor without sacrificing impact .
A funny , creepy , cynical , lurid and strident potboiler whose surreal premise feeds on our depressingly all-too-familiar world .
This sleek and supple thriller features powerhouse performances but never quite persuades us that it has anything to add to the cold war classic .
Before it self-destructs in its convoluted final act , the film is an astute , genuinely gripping thriller that speaks shrewdly to our current corporate-phobia and post-9 / 11 paranoia .
Jonathan Demme makes the new millennium version -LSB- of The Manchurian Candidate his own .
A taut thriller that virtually burst from today 's headlines .
Almost good enough to earn a recommendation .
This is one popcorn movie that provides food for thought , all the while remaining tense and witty .
The Manchurian Candidate does a fine job of reviving the paranoid thriller genre in this engrossing tale of politics , corporate power and mind control .
Denzel Washington is stellar ... and so is Tak Fujimoto 's cinematography , which is as edgy and antsy as the story it tells .
Fantastic cast , excellent updating of the original screenplay , and superb handling of mood make this a good movie . See Garden State first , though .
Demme never captures the clammy paranoia of the original , instead settling for a competent but largely hollow reinvention .
For those of us with fond memories of Frankenheimer 's classic , this Candidate can only be a distant also-ran .
Jonathan Demme , updating John Frankenheimer 's classic exercise in cold war liberal paranoia , has made a witty , anxious thriller for a new age of political uncertainty .
That rare remake that paves its own way without exploiting or cheapening its predecessor .
It 's a strong , brilliantly acted , well-timed drama , working as a companion piece , and not a replacement , to the original .
A startlingly effective return to form for director Jonathan Demme , making his first good movie since The Silence of the Lambs .
Filled with conspiracies , intrigue and the suggestion that modern-day society is purposely designed to drive us a little nuts , The Manchurian Candidate is a paranoid fantasy for our time .
As much as I love Sinatra and Harvey , I 'll argue that Washington and Schreiber are more than up to the challenge , while Streep , who says she has never seen the Frankenheimer movie , has to be commended for taking the job at all .
If you ride the paranoiac tide , letting Jonathan Demme 's assured direction carry you along , the sardonic humor and anxiety-inducing message work on you .
Washington , Schreiber , Streep and company -- and Demme -- have managed to make all the malevolent machinations seem relevant again .
Like its fabled predecessor , and novelist Richard Condon 's 1959 potboiler before that , Jonathan Demme 's remake of The Manchurian Candidate refashions an old gag into something cautionary , frightening and far less than far-fetched .
That rarest of remakes : a reworking that puts an interesting new spin on a familiar premise but stands strongly on its own .
I liked it , but I was also a bit disappointed .
Angela Lansbury was right . A remake of John Frankenheimer 's brilliant 1962 thriller , The Manchurian Candidate , is a lousy idea .
A gripping and intelligent thriller that has both an immediacy and a timelessness .
The first `` Candidate '' was scary for what it said was possible ; this one is arresting due to its parallels to reality .
A disappointingly poker-faced remake that turns John Frankenheimer 's brilliant 1962 satire into a confused , convoluted paranoiac thriller .
Much as Demme did in The Silence of the Lambs , he blends together a class cast , stunning style and freaky-deaky B-movie vibes into a tantalizingly jittery thriller .
Some will see it as a thriller . Others will view it as social satire . Almost all will be entertained .
... it 's not merely that the new Candidate compares unfavorably with the old ... It 's that Demme has kept ... material that is made inconsistent or pointless by his changes .
If Demme 's version lacks the wallop of its predecessor , it is more likely to be popular with contemporary audiences , who will enjoy not only its labyrinthine twists but its stars ' burnished professionalism .
-LRB- Subjects its -RRB- A-list cast to B-movie machinations such as credibility-stretching sci-fi brain implants and villainous mad scientists with vague accents and Nazi comb-overs .
It 's a mesmerizing mind-teaser that finds its own way into the material , adapted from Richard Condon 's 1959 novel .
Demme 's visuals are as captivating as Frankenheimer 's were in the 1960s ... yet the plot of this `` Manchurian Candidate '' lost quite a bit in the translation .
A frightening update to John Frankenheimer 's war-as-game scenario-except the battle now is for our very souls .
The Manchurian Candidate is meant to creep us out by building on a foundation of paranoia just this side of solid . Demme builds his model on stilts of fancy that let too much hot air blow through .
It 's a well-written and directed thriller that allows the audience to play along
The new Manchurian Candidate is n't just a great remake - it may just be the greatest remake ever remade .
Demme creates a compelling claustrophobic , paranoia-inducing world that makes this slick flick a gripping two hours
Although I doubt that it 'll have the longevity of Frankenheimer 's piece , at least in terms of time-capsules of wounded nations , it 's -- shockingly -- almost as fascinating .
A dense and thorough reimagining of the material -- it 's got the same mordant cynicism running through its veins , only updated for an even darker , more jittery era .
When it 's good , it 's very good , keeping its twists close to the vest and unfolding its mysteries in marvelous movie time .
This political thriller about a brainwashed soldier being positioned for the White House provides a delectable network of dramatic tripwires that teases the mind and quickens the pulse .
Simultaneously brings the original Cold War scenario bracingly up to date with a story line that pulses with a topical resonance while paying respectful homage to the late Frankenheimer 's artistic vision .
Absolutely riveting entertainment , a chilling portrait of human paranoia also posing as an engrossing and visually vibrant political thriller . This is one arresting film .
A haunting , serviceable thriller .




@highlight

While not the classic its predecessor is , this update is well-acted and conjures a chilling resonance .