It 's clear that Dinner for Schmucks is going for a Meet the Parents-style typhoon of misery , but the series of misfortunes that befall Tim are more mean than funny and too contrived to be outrageous .
Dinner For Schmucks seems promising at first but too many plot points feel forced and the humor is too dumb to enjoy .
The actors have been placed in a story that is not inherently funny , and they do what they can to muscle it , through their not inconsiderable talents , into working . It does n't , and you can see the sweat .
Do n't believe the misleading trailers . There 's more to laugh at than they would have you believe .
The real schmucks are the people responsible for this movie .
The movie suffers by stifling the -LSB- Rudd 's -RSB- natural comic ability and no one comes away from it fully satisfied .
You know you 're in trouble when the best thing in your movie is a bunch of dead rodents .
Occasionally quite funny , and oddly relevant to the nature of our culture , but this dinner is a little underwhelming .
A mediocre sitcom serving up a half-baked , TV dinner . Check please !
While it has a few humorous moments , the characters are either so bizarre or so stereotyped and the tone so changeable , it 's hard to like the movie as a whole .
Not quite the four star comedic meal it promises at the outset , Dinner for Schmucks makes for a tasty repast , nonetheless .
Should anyone ever be unfortunate enough to break bread with their characters in Dinner For Schmucks , you 'd likely commit seppuku with your butter knife before the entrées had even been cleared from the table .
There 's a little more going on in it than you might expect from a summer comedy starring Steve Carell and Paul Rudd .
Dinner for Schmucks might start out as an exercise in laughing at idiots but it turns into something much more rewarding .
Provides a great showcase for Carell 's brand of deadpan nuttiness .
The film fails to hold together as the portrait of an unlikely friendship , and the individual moments of brilliance feel like skits in a disjointed whole .
Whenever Clement is on screen with Carell and Rudd Schmucks is rude and funny . The trouble is , the rest of the movie should be like that too .
It cost around $ 70 million , according to the Los Angeles Times , which is about $ 5 million per laugh if I 'm generous .
Dinner for Schmucks belongs to that mangy breed of American comedy that confuses situations that are genuinely funny for situations that are agonisingly awkward .
When scene after scene falls flat , and the film seems a lot longer than it actually is , you know that this is a comedy that just is n't working .
As the film hits the one-hour mark , it dawns on you this is not coming together as a cohesive comic experience .
Rudd and Carell turn out to be a near-perfect double act , with Rudd 's exasperated , manic nice guy act a perfect foil for Carell , who gives the kind of broad , nutty , idiot man-child performance we have n't seen from him since his Anchorman days .
Remarkably , they have managed to take a very funny original film , some very talented comedians and created an experience akin to a dentist visit .
It 's hard to feel sorry for someone who seems to instigate so many of his own problems .
Steve Carell and Paul Rudd fizzle in this dire , painfully overlong comedy bomb .
Dinner for Schmucks , while not as instantly iconic and defined as -LSB- Jay Roach 's -RSB- previous work , still delivers a lot of entertainment .
The humour is spasmodic , but for a new target audience of 18 to 34 year olds -LRB- not the same crowd that loved the original -RRB- the film may offer a simplistic escape and some oddball ideas
A comic misadventure that unfolds like a never-ending series of dastardly mistakes .
Dinner For Schmucks is hilariously entertaining . Its pointed messages , meanwhile , make it even more meaningful .
It was n't going to be Anchorman 2 but we still expected more from Brick Tamland 's reunion with Brian Fantana .
A sweet and sentimental comedy that has the potential to be plum duff but too often is just duff .
A laboured set up brings little reward ...
Francis Veber 's 1998 Le Dîner de Cons was no great shakes , but it looks almost classy next to this atrocious remake .
Sadly , Dinner For Schmucks is n't a banquet of laughs and the plotting is based around a series of clumsy set pieces .
Ultimately , Dinner For Schmucks will leave you hungry for some bigger laughs .
A buttock-clenchingly bad film .
Dinner For Schmucks is easily the most obnoxious film of the year , and ranks high among the least intelligent remakes of all time .
While a touch lean on the laughs , there 's just about enough humour to make it worth catching ...
You may feel an idiot for staying with it till the end .
The result is a dog 's dinner .
It bungles utilising plenty of talent in a lightweight comedy effort that brings little fresh to the table .
A decent cast wrestle with a crummy script in this loose and creaky Hollywood spin on Le Dîner de Cons ...
The good cast of this film promises so much , but they let us down badly in a painfully unfunny waste of time .
Most right-minded viewers will be left in a fog trying to make sense of this drivel .
The plot rises or falls on our laughing in recognition that we too are capable of the perverse and unkind . Instead , 10 minutes in , we just feel dead .
Laugh ? Reader , I barely flexed a tonsil .
You 'd think you 'd have the basis for a half-decent comedy . You 'd be wrong .
An increasingly desperate comedy that wastes a talented comic cast and fails to generate anything resembling actual laughs .
This is n't the summer 's best comedy , but at this point in the season , when movies typically take a turn for the worse before better fare appears in the fall , it comes through with enough laughs to make it worth a look .
The Hollywood need for closure , for hugs and happiness , even when the material cries out for savage wit , ultimately dooms `` Dinner for Schmucks . ''
You wo n't feel like a schmuck if you see this comedy , but you may not feel it 's a truly wise investment of your time and money , either .
Serves up big time when it comes to novelty ; it 's the humor that 's on the sour side .
Had I known everyone was going to play to the back row , that 's where I would 've sat .
a flawed , but very funny movie that gets less than it probably should out of an all-star comedic cast .
-LSB- It -RSB- saddles some great comic talent in a lame sitcom plot with a feel-good lesson that 's about as obvious as it is inappropriate .
its primary virtue is its sheer and relatively unpredictable ridiculousness
A Long , but Satisfying Dinner .
Every time I think back to scenes from this movie , I just see Barry smiling at me . It 's a sweet charm that I did n't expect from this movie and it totally works .
Despite its shortcomings , at its best Dinner for Schmucks has moments of charm and amusement .
Carell charms in a scene or two but otherwise this is far from a pleasant night out .
... once again demonstrate -LSB- s -RSB- Hollywood 's ability to turn gold into bronze .
... one of the most disastrous would-be comedies to come around in quite some time ...
Some colorful detail and mildly amusing character work -LRB- particularly from Steve Carell and Jemaine Clement -RRB- gets largely lost in a movie that ca n't decide whether it wants to be sour or sweet .
Everything clicks in front of and behind the camera , making Schmucks good summertime movie entertainment .
If you are hungry for a good comedy this one will cause you to lose your appetite
It is a whoa of anger and frustration . A whoa bordering on shocking hysteria at how people so amazingly talented could come together and produce something of such colossal waste .
Clearly took one funny movie about Tim 's relationships and succumbed to the Hollywood pandergeist `` we 're making a movie with Dinner in the title , there is gon na be a damn dinner ! '' But Carell makes it very sweet .
The movie has a slew of goofball moments that do n't add up to a consistently hilarious outing .
These are n't the kind of laughs that will add points to your IQ . You may actually lose a couple by the time it 's all over . But that 's OK , because the goofy Dinner for Schmucks does n't require much brain strain to appreciate .
Paul Rudd plays Abbott to Steve Carell 's too-spastic Costello
If this bland comedy is the best that the filmmakers could come up with , then I 'll pass on dessert .
Dinner for Schmucks must be code for the meal filmmakers intend to make out of poor suckers paying good money expecting a laugh . 90 minutes of dead mouse dioramas would 've been better entertainment than this .
Laughter has been shown to be the best medicine for the human heart . So do yourself and your health a big favor by seeing this laugh riot before the spoilers rush in and give away all the punch lines .
Skip this Dinner as it 'll leave you with a bad aftertaste
Americanizing a French flick is not in and of itself a death knell for a project . Flattening , sanitizing , and generally smoothing out the edginess in favor of product that is safe , dull , and lifeless is .
Carell , who switches it up from The Office 's malevolent honcho to mocked nine to five underling , is the occasional best thing going here . Which tends to feature on this particular Moron Who Came To Dinner menu , items of predominantly bad taste .
Dinner for Schmucks has a certain rhythm to it . I chuckled pretty regularly , then every so often something hilarious would happen , and I 'd be full-on laughing .
If this were a movie about characters rather than overcooked situations and desperate slapstick -- and a lot shorter -- we might have had something .
A mediocre sitcom serving up a half-baked , TV dinner . Check please !
Despite its squishy center , the film still manages to sport a prickly exterior that leads to countless scenes of squirm-inducing hilarity , the sort of curdled comedy more often found in an indie effort than a mainstream studio offering .
With apologies to Vin Scelsa , Dinner for Schmucks is an idiot 's delight
Unless you 're a hard-core Carell fan , this is one Dinner reservation I 'd consider canceling .
Filled with audacious silly behavior , none of which has an edge to make its comedy sharp .
Be careful with the popcorn . Dinner for Schmucks is laugh-out-loud genius . Take the comment literally . You will laugh-out-loud . Lots .
Ambles along waywardly for the first half hour before losing steam altogether .
That the film would be funny , at times hilarious , despite having the potential to be needlessly cruel , is not exactly a surprise given the two actors ' proven chemistry in those prior films .
It 's just too bad you have to sit through a less than appetizing main course before you get to sink your teeth into the mouthwatering dessert .
With moments of fitful hilarity , the pairing of Paul Rudd , Steve Carell and a talented cast of secondary actors , there 's plenty here to keep summer comedy fans satiated , if not entirely satisfied .
Pure , tasteless slapstick silliness with little on its mind beyond cheap yuks .
A satisfactory meal , but not quite the comedic feast that it might have been had it possessed some spicier ingredients .
Hollywood used to produced great comedies that made you laugh until your sides ached and did n't make you feel like you just paid for a lap dance .
Dinner for Schmucks may be as broad as the proverbial groaning board , but Rudd and Carell bring out its most toothsome delights .
The blend of styles with Rudd 's everyman realism , Roach 's pedestrian visual sense , and the script 's `` wacky '' humor results in a stew of a comedy in which the divergent ingredients never gel into one coherent movie dish .
Veber 's comic conceit , which stopped short of actually showing the dinner , does n't really cross the Atlantic intact .
Dinner With Schmucks may actually be the funniest movie currently in the marketplace -- but that 's pretty much by default .
Much less energy , delight , wit , humor and fun than the original was able to muster without any evident strain .
All the disorderly or anarchistic possibilities of its premise get channeled back toward a message of symbolic pseudo-redemption , which is what Hollywood movies have to deliver at all costs .
This may not be the highest achievement of the director 's art -- to exceed minimal expectations -- but it 's an honorable one , and Roach makes the grade .
In adapting Francis Veber 's 1998 French farce Le Dîner des cons -LRB- The Dinner Game -RRB- , Roach and his writers David Guion and Michael Handelman have completely defanged it .
The point of the movie is how miserable Tim 's life is made by Barry , and audiences will know exactly how he feels .
Turns out Dinner for Schmucks is better when you say it in French .
Where the French leads were nasty , Steve Carell and Paul Rudd have an inherently likable quality even when playing a foolish sap and a cutthroat businessman .
... it 's hard not to think the portion offered here is just enough to satisfy anyone looking for a few laughs .
Most of the problem is in the performance of Steve Carell .
The American version is too obvious and never really gets its hands dirty with a premise that 's mean-spirited to begin with .
... near brilliant
This remake of a far-nastier French farce is a silly , screwball concept with a definitive ` Odd Couple ' emphasis .
`` Dinner for Schmucks '' is one of the funniest movies of the year . Anyone who sees it and does n't laugh should check their pulse .
As summer comedies go , it 's a small surprise .
It has room for a dozen or so comedians to cut loose , many of them at the final dinner party . Before that , though it gets best use out of a killer trio who throw everything they 've got into this broad comedy .
If the dinner is mean-spirited , the movie really is n't . The tone is more sweet than savage , and the `` schmucks '' are actually treated with some respect .
Along with the 2 leads , akin to a funnier Jerry Lewis/Dean Martin , the cast of zanies brings a pantry full of outrageous ingredients to flavor the whole . If we promise to misbehave , can we come back for dessert ?
Starts strong . And even ends strong . It 's that saggy , aimless middle section that might leave an unsatisfied taste in your mouth .
One good scene in search of an entire movie .
I like these three guys . I 'd just rather catch them in a different movie .
Jay Roach has cast his picture with standout comic talents ...
It 's lurching , desperate and borderline incomprehensible -- a movie whose characters act according to no known precept of recognizable human behavior .
It 's funny from the beginning , and it stays funny , even as it beats scenes to death and overstays its welcome .
Dinner for Schmucks is the type of fatuous American comedy that hopes you 'll excuse its narrative 's logical inadequacies because it 's just a comedy , stoopid .
I 'm not sure just how brilliant a movie about smart people laughing at idiots can possibly be , but I am sure that the filmmakers considered the audience a bunch of idiots before filming ever started .
Rudd has mastered the role of the tetchy mensch . He 's a straight-man foil with the slightly crooked delivery .
Despite a promising cast and writers clearly recognizing where the original needed extensive improvement , they ca n't entirely get away from the Veber curse and it infects the middle hour until its almost impossible to recover .
The overall film is a mess but the performances from Jemaine Clement , Lucy Punch and Zack Galafianakis make the flick worth watching . Catch the matinee price .
Makes you wish Steve Carell would retire from movies instead of his role on The Office .
This is a good movie that could have been terrific if it had being more single-minded . Millions will like it ; few will love it .
It 's been a while since I 've seen a movie that caused me to go back and forth more than a rocking horse at the Gosselin compound . But `` Dinner for Schmucks '' has me riding the fence and humming The Eagles ' Desperado .
The laughs are pretty spread out , and there is a problem of balance throughout . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Who knows , if it is a big enough success , maybe it will inspire yet another remake and perhaps they will finally get it right that time .
Slapstick comedy feasts on the nerdiness of others .
A long and rambling comedy about nothing .
It 's easy to laugh at a dumb person , but not so much if that person has deeper handicaps . Even if that was not the intention of the filmmakers , that is unfortunately how it is received .
Despite Carell 's best efforts , Barry is not a character . He is just an engine for creating humiliating experiences for Tim .
The fault is n't Carell 's . It lies with a script that fails to understand its characters and hypocritically decries their boorishness while unself-consciously parading its own - a comedy of bad manners that insults nothing except our intelligence .
In contrast to Rudd and Carell 's previous efforts , `` Dinner for Schmucks , '' directed by Jay Roach of `` Meet the Fockers '' fame , is almost two hours of weightless , often witless silliness with Carell doing an uninspired half-wit , holy-fool routine .
Barry 's anthropomorphic `` mouse-terpieces '' are exquisite - funnier and more charming than anything else in the film .
Successfully exchanges the satiric bite of the original for a healthy , satisfying dose of Hollywood slapstick and sentiment .
Against all reason and expectation , the result is a distinctly unfunny film .
Dinner for Schmucks has everything that money can buy . That does not include comic inspiration , daring or velocity .
Steve Carell is perilously close to becoming Robin Williams .
... the rare remake that is as good as the original . Only I was n't all that hot on the original .
A number of bits do n't work , some of the characters wear out their welcome , but the whole suckers you into an agreeable state of idiot bliss .
Dinner For Schmucks is leagues ahead of its forebear in terms of mass appeal , but its laughs are more silly than scathing .
Something 's wrong when dead rodents generate a film 's biggest laughs .
Give these two a better script , and you just might have a comedy classic . Instead , we have here a tolerable near-miss ; enough to keep the hunger pangs away until a real meal arrives .
A clockwork French farce becomes a rambling Hollywood buddy comedy that 's alternately hilarious and cringe-inducing .
The perfect example of Hollywood 's lackluster brand of market-tested comedy , Schmucks makes suckers out of anyone expecting more from -LSB- Steve -RSB- Carell and -LSB- Paul -RSB- Rudd .
It has some good laughs , but much of this film falls flat on its face .
In some ways an exemplary modern Hollywood comedy .
A perfectly stupid and ultimately forgettable comedy from director Jay Roach that will , nonetheless , have you laughing even as the film dissolves from your memory .
A pleasant enough excursion into the growing genre of male-bonding cringe comedy , though not an entirely memorable one .
Roach may be the least organic director of comedy currently working in Hollywood .
The same overall effect ... could be achieved by intercutting Three Stooges shorts with YouTube videos of adorable kittens rolling around with baby bunnies ...
A very funny comedy that also contains some insights on the spiritual exercise of dealing with difficult people .
This being a Steve Carell vehicle , these moments of elevated humor coexist alongside crass gags , but not as uncomfortably as you might think .
The genius of this version depends on the performance by Steve Carell , who plays Barry Speck as a man impervious to insult and utterly at peace with himself . He 's truly a transcendent idiot .
Each comic plays it so strong that `` over the top '' ceases to hold meaning .
Despite its schticky title , the trick to Dinner for Schmucks is n't the schmucks , although director Jay Roach 's funny comedy , adapted from a 1998 French film , makes sure every group of oddballs is represented .
Whereas The Dinner Game from celebrated writer-director Francis Veber was a tight , sharp satire of societal pretension , this remake seems more interested in easy , broad slapstick .
... just funny enough , but not because of star Steve Carell .
A perfect example of the modern comedy mill gone wrong , a prolonged muddle whose plot , specific situations , and improvised quips never line up .
Carrell is given nothing but spotlight to act like a Shmuck di tutti Shmuck and it is sublime .
When Hollywood decides to remake French farce by Francis Veber , the result can be a champagne cocktail or pâté de merde . Dinner for Schmucks falls somewhere in the middle . What makes the soufflé rise is the actors .
These are guys who could send us into hysterics while reading a grocery list , which in this case would constitute an upgrade over the film 's screenplay . ''
Thank goodness that Dinner for Schmucks is not the soulless , mean-spirited movie that its ads make it out to be ... Unfortunately , it 's still not very funny . Outrageous , perhaps , but it 's too full of itself to get emotionally invested in .
I think I 'll be in the minority on this one , but you know comedy : Nothing 's more personal .
When the most endearing character is a mouse corpse dressed in a tiny suit , you suspect that the rest of this Dinner might not agree with you .
Actors are paid to be embarrassing , and audiences pay to get embarrassed . That 's the lesson to learn from Dinner for Schmucks , an idiot-comedy for idiots .
The people are funny , but the movie 's annoying . Call it I Do n't Love You , Man .
All that 's happened is that a dumb comedy has gotten slightly dumber .
Steve Carell is the best comic actor working today .
The film is sporadically amusing but gives the impression it should be generating more laughs than it does .
Comedy is often when something tragic happens to someone else . But when that someone is as sweetly guileless as Carell 's Barry Speck ... the laughter is muffled by he-doesn ` t-deserve-that sighs .
A bland , summer-sloppy comedy that never risks actually swimming with schmucks and letting characters bruise themselves on outcroppings of mean fun .
If there ever was a film that could 've been a multiplex miracle at 80 minutes , it 's this movie . Instead , matters meander for nearly two hours , diminishing a pure expression of stupidity , carried out by a prepared , skilled ensemble .
Though the premise of Dinner for Schmucks is deeply cruel , we are supposed to laugh , because we trust that by the closing credits the characters will have matured into upstanding men .
Like a four-star desert at the end of a hit-or-miss four-course meal , the finale is worth the wait .
What was once a sharp French satire is now a goofball comedy with a heart of gold .
What was once a sharp French satire is now a goofball comedy with a heart of gold .
The mismatched buddy shtick with a tender resolution is on autopilot .
A decent screwball comedy , nothing more .
Paramount Pictures and director Jay Roach would like to invite you to a dinner they 're hosting , at which you are welcome to laugh at these poor jerks . That 's a little messed up .
Dinner For Schmucks might not be to everyone 's tastes , but it went down easy for me , and since I saw it several weeks ago , I 've been interested in a second helping .
One of the few American adaptations that enhances , rather than exploits , its source material . . I kept waiting for it to run out of steam or jokes . But it rarely did .
Outrageously funny , delightful and heartfelt . Steve Carell has never been funnier . You 'll laugh 'til it hurts .
Here 's one Hollywood comedy that actually makes you laugh .
There 's rapport between Steve Carell and Paul Rudd , well cast as the Odd Couple , but the source material -LRB- French farce -RRB- , which was nastier in dissecting manners and mores , has been softened and the comedy is not funny enough .
An uproarious odd-couple remake of Francis Veber 's hit French farce The Dinner Game .
Steve Carell finds a character more clueless than Michael Scott in broad laffer redeemed by occasional quirks .

@highlight

It does n't honor its source material -- or its immensely likable leads -- as well as it should , but Dinner for Schmucks offers fitfully nourishing comedy .