It 's raw , it 's gritty , and it 's excellent .
Nothing short of awe-inspiring : riveting and real , a truly important work which is , blessedly , about something .
A trio of troubled Latinas linked by lawlessness in super-realistic , female empowerment flick not to be missed .
A sporadically powerful but uneven little film , in which moments of insight and conviction alternate with others that seem contrived and mawkish .
Judy Marte once again shows that she 's an actress to watch . She 's a commanding presence on screen and demands that you feel for her , even though her story is not the most sympathetic .
Harrowing and heartbreaking , On the Outs is persuasively performed by fine actors , yet has the real feel of a documentary .
Granted that On the Outs does n't explore any new realms of destitute city life but it still contains unspeakable moments of desolation and disillusionment .
It succeeds , if unevenly .
A work of harrowing , visceral power .
The filmmakers ' sense of outrage is palpable , matched only by the despair coursing through the movie 's brief 81-minute running time .
Saves itself from after-school - special territory thanks to tough , human performances and plenty of streetwise authenticity .
Well-meaning but mediocre .
An attention-grabbing showcase for three promising actresses in sharply drawn lead roles .
The performances are terrific : None is showy or actorish but earnest , truthful jobs laying bare souls in anguish .
Lori Silverbush and Michael Skolnik 's film must live and die on the strength of its lead performers . Luckily , most of the time they are up to the challenge .
Guerilla storytelling on a profound level .
Documentarians by trade , the directors use rough DV cinematography and no score to amplify their tale 's sense of lived-in reality .
Though not highly structured , this is an intriguing docu-drama about teen delinquents in Jersey City .
A starkly honest and affecting dramatic feature directed by Lori Silverbush and Michael Skolnik .
Socially relevant and convincing , On The Outs should help to raise awareness that violent crime is no longer a man problem .
There 's a real-life immediacy to these stories , each of which demands that viewers see beyond such convenient , dehumanizing labels as ` drug dealer , ' ` crackhead ' and ` pregnant teen . '
Too unstructured for its own good .
The lives of three desperate teenagers unravel in a docudrama based on actual case studies of young women who spent time in the Jersey City juvenile detention center .
What makes the film feel genuine , however , are the performances .
It delivers a genuine emotional wallop .
The central trio handles the narrative burdens well .
A powerful blending of three independent yet crossing stories from the wasted dead ends of life .
It will break your heart . Never manipulative and unflinchingly honest ... it 's filled with poignant images and painfully accurate dialog .




@highlight

With powerful lead performances , this gritty docudrama about the desperate lives of three young women in Jersey City packs an emotional wallop .