The Super Bowl commercial of Jeff Bridges creepily humming in a bedroom was more entertaining than watching this
You 've simply never seen such flat-out bad acting from Jeff Bridges . It almost feels like a dare : ` Let me just see how bad I can be , without anyone calling me on it . '
Even best actress Oscar winners can have a bad day at the office , and this is one of those for Julianne Moore .
At first you wo n't quite believe you can make it through such hokey dialogue and daft clichés , but it 's not long before it turns into something rather enjoyable . Fun - but leave your brain at home .
The key to enjoying Seventh Son is to keep modest expectations . And , in this case , `` modest expectations '' probably means you 're better off saving your first-run dollars and waiting for cheaper options .
A fantasy adventure film needs more than `` cool creatures , '' a rousing score , and two certifiably over-the-top performances to make a lasting impression .
The sets look like budget Lord of the Rings and the script is n't really much to write home about .
The film is basically a rich man 's Uwe Boll version of Dungeons and Dragons -- a lot of tacky visuals , world-building mumbo-jumbo and gooey CGI creatures encased in a narrative vacuum .
Seventh Son wraps itself in a bland colored shroud of clichés , making you find reality much more interesting than fiction .
It 's difficult to comprehend quite why this stellar cast all signed up to this distinctively lacklustre project .
You have to admire a movie which takes a gold-star cast -LRB- Julianne Moore , Jeff Bridges , Alicia Vikander -RRB- and creates such an unpolishable turd .
Seventh Son is derivative to its core .
Oscar-winners Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore deliver two of the hammiest performances of their distinguished careers in Sergei Bodrov 's overcooked sword-and-sorcery fantasy .
It 's a real problem when one of your leading characters sounds like a cross between Bane , the masked mutterer from The Dark Knight Rises , and a man competing in a hard-boiled-egg-eating contest .
What 's missing is any sense of excitement .
Even if you 're willing to go along for the ride , that still means taking Bridges ' performance seriously . Which , believe me , is n't easy .
Boring , predictable and lacking inspiration , Seventh Son is bog-standard boilerplate fantasy and will probably reach the upper echelons of countless ` worst of ' lists come the end of the year .
A muddled mish-mash .
It 's lively and daft , and you find yourself wondering : all this expertise , and the best anybody could think to do with it was this ?
Like Monty Python without the comedy , or at least without the intentional comedy . Jeff Bridges ' saving throw against the Phoning It In curse fails !
Would it even have been improved if we could actually hear the dialogue ? Probably not .
You leave the cinema wishing you 'd understood even less of it than you did .
A film that plays like the most disposable Saturday-matinee fodder imaginable .
Enjoyable hokum .
The world 's least impressive Big Lebowski reunion .
If this film were an apprentice it would have to serve several more years before being allowed master status .
Seventh Son is another one of those barely comprehensible 3D fantasy films with lots of dark Middle-earth-type settings and swirls of digital effects that make it hard to figure out precisely what is going on .
This is the first English language film of the twice Oscar-nominated Russian director Sergei Bodrov and he delivers an action-packed , enjoyable piece of escapism without too many boring detours .
It 's far from the worst of this kind of movie , partly because there is so much talent , but it 's hard to find that cheering . To say it could be worse is faint praise .
Seventh Son often feels like the kind of film that would work better with even less plot ... if they 'd simply outlined the story as `` we got to stop that witch '' and then just rattled through the action sequences as quickly as possible .
Seventh Son has all the requisite parts : witch hunters , witches , a naive apprentice , dragons , simple townsfolk and , err , guys with axes for arms .
Bridges comes along and gives exactly the right perversity to make things fun in a dippy , loopy way , and so the aggregate effect of Seventh Son is not , in fact , boredom .
`` Seventh Son '' moves at a fairly quick pace and has a sense of humor about itself . That does n't mean it 's thrilling , or funny . Just that it 's a quickly forgotten pile of junk .
` Seventh Son ' suffers from fatal Hobbit-osis .
Judging from his Rooster Cogburn enunciation , Jeff Bridges may literally be chewing the Dante Ferretti-designed scenery in this utterly unnecessary but diverting and attractive fantasy adventure .
Wizards , witches and dragons . So what else is new ?
Seventh Son is a very bad film , to be sure , but I 'd like to think its badness would have been as evident had it been whisked at once to the frontlines of Universal 's summer slate , emboldened by the confidence of a proper blockbuster premiere .
It 's a loud , joyless mess .
The twisty , everything-and-the-kitchen-witch narrative is , by turns , exciting and deadly dull .
This close . You were this close , Sergei Bodrov , this close to finding the right ratio of badness to goodness -- this close to churning out a ham and cheese sandwich to rival the likes of Beastmaster , Willow and Hawk the Slayer .
Every soulless soul is a well-worn archetype ; every monster , even in 3D , is an anemic reiteration of a witless behemoth that could n't scare the bejesus out of your virgin Aunt Tilly .
The most notable thing about it is that even with the amazing aggregation of asininity crammed into its running time , it still manages be a thudding bore .
`` Seventh Son '' wastes a promising cast with unfocused and incoherent story decisions , unusual-but-not-in-a-good-way acting , unfortunate choices with gender roles and one-sided depiction of people with color .
Jeff Bridges gives his otherwise bland character a unique accent -LRB- speech impediment ? -RRB- , delivering all of his lines as a mix of his True Grit character , a belligerent walrus , and a 45 rpm record played at 33-1/3 rpm .
Moore vamps and camps it up , seemingly aware that the only way to liven up the dreadful material is by trying to out-wicked the Wicked Witch of the West .
Impressive set design and visuals , excessive CGI , and a loud score from Marco Beltrami ca n't fully compensate for bland character development and a predictable narrative that rushes along on a linear trajectory .
... incoherent fantasy adventure filled with swordplay , sorcery and supernatural nonsense .
On the plus side , by making a movie this bad , studios are finally -LRB- and inadvertently -RRB- caving in to growing audience demand for fewer sequels and remakes .
Seventh Son would be utterly forgettable , were it not for some decent directorial elements and the performances of Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore .
Everyone involved needs to sit quietly and think about what they 've done .
A strange movie that manages to be both ridiculous and bland , its chief point of interest is the spectacle of a great actor caught in career decline .
Seventh Son does n't break much new ground , but it 's a reasonably entertaining walk through familiar , friendly territory . Every once in a while , that 's okay too .
Projecting noise and spectacle without any emotional investment or thematic undercurrents , `` Seventh Son '' winds up being a monstrous dud .
Sometimes you get halfway through a movie and you ca n't believe that what you 're seeing made its way from Los Angeles or someone 's Los Angeles computer to where you 're sitting .
With an estimated budget of $ 70-100 million , the only way this dog will make a profit is to reap as much as possible out of the opening weekend , before people can spread the word , and get out of town fast .
Weak YA adaptation is far more mature than the books .
Nothing in this film is fully developed , which explains the script problems .
The battle scenes are mercifully short -- thank you to director Sergey Bodrov -- which results in a brisk outing at an hour and forty-two minutes .
No masterpiece , but a welcome February surprise with a lively cast and rugged action .
Not a cinematic abomination but clearly nothing good let alone great . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
Another dead of winter bomb , a trifecta for Bridges .
It 's a waste of talent for all those involved .
One does n't want to damn the movie with faint praise by saying `` it 's not that bad , '' but that 's kind of the most objectively accurate description of it , in all honesty .
Right out of the gate it feels years past its expiration date .
Obviously , this is not a particularly serious movie -- there 's one scene of happy villagers leading a witch off to execution that feels remarkably like a `` Monty Python and the Holy Grail '' outtake -- but neither is it sloppy .
`` Seventh Son '' delivers exactly what it promises : Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore slumming in a laughably generic sword-and-sorcery almost-epic .
Even in 3-D and shot in the mountains of British Columbia , the film is a flat experience , with an incongruity between its big-budget ambitions and ho-hum impact .
Even on paper , the latest February throwaway , `` Seventh Son , '' sounds like a bad idea ...
Seventh Son may try to harness alchemy and witchcraft , but sadly , there 's no magic here .
Perhaps it 's not so much a matter that Bridges is out of place in the material as it is that the material and the rest of the cast have no idea how to keep up with him .
It 's not as bad as you might fear but it 's definitely not as good as you would hope .
The movie 's imagination runs riot in the scenery , sets , and costumes in what is an otherwise routine centuries-long feud between good and evil with paper-thin motivations .
Checks off the boxes of Swords-and-Sorcery Moviemaking 101 without bothering to dig deeper or come up with a new or imaginative angle to explore .
The fight scenes are exciting , the visuals and special effects are impressive , and it is fun to see two big actors take on these scenery-chomping roles .
There 's a fine line between charm and cheese in fantasy epics , and movies as silly and overwrought as Seventh Son only help to illustrate just how hard it is to hit the right tone .
The dialogue in Seventh Son is dismal . The plotting is awkward . Nothing much works as storytelling . But even those problems are overshadowed by the accents -- the source of much of the hilarity .
If you want guaranteed sleep , see `` The Seventh Son . ''
A strong contender for worst movie of 2015 .
I know it 's early , but `` Seventh Son '' may actually be the worst movie of the year . It will most certainly be a contender .
Seventh Son is brisk and unpretentious , though the fact that these two qualities can be considered remarkable probably says more about the state of modern genre filmmaking than it does about the movie itself .
At least Moore has not played a character like Malkin in recent memory . The same can not be said for Bridges , whose flawed , alcoholic hero shtick is starting to wear thin .
The surprise is that by genre standards -LSB- Seventh Son is n't -RSB- that bad-it 's just that everything in it has been done before .
Jeff Bridges 's abysmally campy performance may be the worst thing about disposable sword-and-sorcery fantasy Seventh Son , but it 's also the only memorable thing .
Once the plot dominoes are arranged in an overlong series of setups , Seventh Son ends up being a movie about walking , interrupted occasionally by a battle against a mythological monster .
Seventh Son is thoroughly ill-conceived , a pale imitation of its more adventurous and breathtaking brethren .
Harmless enough , and some of you looking for a flashy blockbuster full of mythological monsters and witches powered by CGI will find this passable for entertainment .
`` Seventh Son '' tells a story of dragons , witches , ghosts and ogres , but the most fantastic thing about it is the idea that someone thought this lumpy , bumpy and swollen sack of tired tropes and cluttered CGI would attract audiences .
I 'll say this for Seventh Son : it wanted to be over as badly as I wanted it to end .
This ` Son ' is stillborn .
Mythology 101 , an author taking old school truisms and introducing them to a demo that probably wo n't know what a `` tome '' is unless it 's spelled out specifically for them on their Kindle
At this point , it 's tempting to wonder if Jeff Bridges accepts roles chiefly on the basis of whether or not he 'll get to sport grizzly facial hair and talk funny .
Nothing here is particularly fresh , but watching it is like seeing a slice of familiar art reworked with a colorful new swatch of Crayolas . Deep ? No . Thoughtful ? No . A thigh-slapping good time ? Oh , yes .
Though the film sat in drydock for a year , partly so technicians could convert it to 3-D , it looks as dull as it sounds .
Bodrov 's ability to put this junky material through the paces can only cloak its inadequacies for so long-right up to the point where Seventh Son teases a sequel .
The story is so familiar that even if you have n't read Joseph Delaney 's `` The Spook 's Apprentice '' you 're never surprised by what happens .
A movie that 's hard to believe anyone was passionate enough about to write/make/finish .
You 'd think Julianne Moore leading a coven of witches who can transform into dragons , bears and Djimon Hounsou would be more entertaining .
-LSB- Bridges -RSB- is so at odds with the film 's tone in every other way that it 's either an intentional middle finger to the original story , or a Captain Jack Sparrow gamble that completely failed .
The Hobbit and ` Game of Thrones ' both have done this form of the fantasy genre much better in recent years .
Let me put it this way : if you loved Krull , you will at least ` like ' Seventh Son .
It is likely to be one of the worst films of the year , but I 'd be lying if I said I did n't enjoy myself . Yes , Seventh Son is that kind of movie .
I was disappointed that there were no fire-breathing mummy ninjas from space , but you have to save something for the sequel .
The word `` fantasy '' is synonymous with `` imagination , '' the very thing Seventh Son lacks .
Why does this movie exist ? And what the hell are A-list actors like Moore and Bridges doing in something that seems so clearly destined to perplex insomniac Starz viewers several weeks from now ?
-LSB- Jeff Bridges -RSB- sounds like Rooster Cogburn filtered through his sing-songy psycho from the dreadful remake of ` The Vanishing . '
For a film featuring witches , dragons , shape-shifters , cleavage and Jeff Bridges , Seventh Son sure is n't much fun .
Seventh Son is a fantastical adventure we 've seen time and time again , filled with animated monsters , vapid characters and a female villain that barely rises above being a crazy ex-girlfriend .
Is it bad enough to cost Julianne Moore her Oscar ?
While never boring , `` Seventh Son '' is shellacked with excess , emerging as a particularly noisy extravaganza , not an imaginative one .
The stars shine , but the special effects are strictly fantasy-film assembly line , with hardly a spark of inspiration .
As is often the case in films like this , Seventh Son is at its weakest when it tries to leaven its brink-of-disaster gravity with a little nerdy humor .
Son of a dud .
An over-designed , under-conceived fantasy epic in which even topnotch contributors ca n't get the chemistry right , leaving Jeff Bridges and Julianne Moore looking silly .

@highlight

Seventh Son squanders an excellent cast and some strange storyline ingredients , leaving audiences with one disappointingly dull fantasy adventure .