Wheatley allows his notorious black humour to resurface , and with 90 minutes of mindless shootouts , he reaches his goal .
Wheatley has always had a nose for unsavory sorts . And with his embarrassment of riches in `` Free Fire , '' we all get to cash in .
The movie was enjoyable and the characters were great ... bullets and snarky remarks fly at people , and I chuckled most of the time .
If you 're looking for a classic shoot-em-up kind of movie , you should go see Free Fire . . It feels like an instant classic .
There 's perhaps little of Free Fire that will linger too long in the memory after the credits roll , but there 's still fun to be had .
Free Fire may seem like it sprays bullets indiscriminately but that distraction masks a technically smart film .
Ostensibly , Free Fire is -LRB- Wheatley 's -RRB- most accessible film , but it contains few of the flourishes that distinguished his earlier work .
Unsurprisingly , this one-room action movie is a non-stop parade of insults , snappy comebacks , and lots and lots of shooting .
Everyone is here for the violence and colorful characters , to which Free Fire delivers with gleeful overindulgence
Free Fire is a bloody fun time once it gets its footing and takes aim .
Wheatley is as dryly funny as he is comfortable at making immaculately framed urban gothic paintings out of the dirt and debris of a ruined warehouse .
`` Free Fire '' does n't serve a purpose other than to entertain and pay homage to late-night action movies of the 70 's and 80 's . It 's certainly a movie that Quentin Tarantino would have watched at the video store he was employed at .
The best thing on display here is the cast , which includes Cillian Murphy , Armie Hammer , Sharlto Copley and Brie Larson . But despite their best efforts , Wheatley continues to be hamstrung by his love of gore and general excess .
Free Fire is the happiest a movie has made me since John Wick Chapter 2 .
I 'm not even sure it makes complete sense while you 're watching it unfold , but there is delirious and primal freedom in the act of killing .
Maybe I 'm just being a spoilsport in asking , What 's the point of it all ?
What was apparently meant to be an exercise in style instead becomes an endurance test for audiences .
While I 'm sure that a 90-minute firefight includes monotony among its characteristics , there was no need to make an entire feature-length film to demonstrate that fact .
In Free Fire , bullets and one-liners and shreds of emotion zip by-snatching you up , wringing you out , and letting you go , exhausted and exhilarated .
-LSB- Free Fire -RSB- is an impressive display of innovation and shift in form for this talented , well-established filmmaking team .
Watching Free Fire was like babysitting a gaggle of little hellions intent on destroying everything in their path and just herding them into a room and blockading the door , letting them fight and scream and tire themselves out .
Wheatley has made an entertaiment from cinematographic violence , in which actions are devoid of any anthropological connotation , relegated to a merely choreographic dedramatized superficiality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Free Fire empties its creative chambers long before the gunfire ends . It 's populated by unappealing characters in a hamster wheel display of violence . After a while you wish everyone had better aim .
The third-act shootout is a staple of a certain kind of film , but in Ben Wheatley 's Free Fire it 's essentially the entire movie . Against all odds , it works .
Boy , is it one hell of a fun ride .
Where the film really misfires is in its action and thriller elements .
A riotous delight .
Whilst its elongated scene of never-ending violence is relatively exciting , there is still an obvious lack of coherency and that perhaps could have taken the story further .
A violent romp , a mishmash of tropes and personalities , an example of what can be done when a director sits back and focuses more on the aftermath of an inciting incident than worrying about chapters or resolutions .
A group of thugs arrive at a warehouse to make a gun deal , things quickly go south and they spend an hour shooting at each other . Trouble is , director Ben Wheatley ca n't make us care about any of them .
Free Fire offers up a lot to talk about in terms of filmmaking ideas and techniques , but whether it 's an enjoyable movie in its own right is open to debate .
All killer , no filler .
Gets by on its verbal and visual cleverness , and feels like a Quentin Tarantino screenplay pared down to one-liners and action .
Taking the glamour , if not the glee , out of violent big-screen gun battles , Free Fire draws more on slapstick comedies than it does Hollywood shoot 'em ups .
Without dialogue that dazzles in juxtaposition to the low-life milieu , what 's the function of a film like this ? Wheatley , it 's clear , has n't a clue . His experiment misfires , and what 's truly minimal is any chance that you 'll feel differently .
Enjoy watching the bullets fly early and often in what essentially amounts to one long , bloody shootout in a single location .
Free Fire is a clever film with snappy writing and decent action choreography . And it 's not just a pastiche of Tarantino 's work despite the obvious influence .
Well edited , shot and written , Free Fire hits all its targets , an action thriller sure to make audiences gasp and giggle with ease .
The good news is , it 's definitely fun , and we do care , at least a little , about the characters and the situation ... -LSB- but -RSB- in its long second act and into its third , it 's a very easy movie to tune out of .
Free Fire has cult hit written all over it .
The only way to remotely adequately describe this highly unorthodox action thriller is as the ultimate shootout for shut-ins .
Most of those brandishing a firearm might n't always hit the mark , but the film largely shoots straight .
It is , in effect , a remake of Laurel and Hardy 's `` Battle of the Century , '' substituting bullets for pies .
An action-comedy played out at half speed , with a cheerfully black sense of humour that nicks and wounds like the bullets intermittently ricocheting after an illicit deal goes south .
A lot of ammo is expended on a gun movie/gun culture satire that does n't quite come off .
Without soul or wit , we 're left with nothing but bad Halloween costumes and artillery . Nostalgia never felt so bad .
For those who do n't mind a little blood & gore and a lot of profanity , Free Fire is a superior alternative to the big-name , bloated action films hogging the largest screens in most multiplexes .
Talking in Wheatley 's ballistic terms , he empties all his guns in the first half hour , leaving him with 60 additional minutes of firing blanks .
A lot of people we do n't like skulking in pain around an ugly location while getting shot at from every direction and swearing badly .
Cornfed curse words fuel a script that does n't amount to much more than a hateful snatch of Tarantino 's set-bound posturing , spiked with a blend of pre-Madonna , semi-intelligible Guy Ritchie oddballs .
Free Fire is n't a complicated or a perfect film , but it is self-conscious in a refreshing way .
Free Fire is n't a cool film about a really long shootout , it 's a rather sad examination of how easily people can fall into a cycle of never-ending violence . You 'll probably have some fun , too .
less of a plot-driven piece and more of a collision of wild characters and how they interact -LRB- often violently -RRB- with each other
The whole enterprise feels like a degradation , like a copy of a copy of a copy .
Free Fire a crackerjack maelstrom of creative madness that 's a full-throttle merry-go-round of machinegun excitement .
Ben Wheatley should n't settle for becoming the next Guy Ritchie . For some reason , he 'd like to .
As a reductio ad absurdum picture of gun violence , it might have even less of a soul than Reservoir Dogs , and yet Free Fire feels wonderfully , gleefully alive .
Somehow manages to make an hour-long shootout feel endless and empty , despite the valiant efforts of an itchy ensemble that 's ready to play with bullets and taunts .
The hard-boiled , insult-comic dialogue might sometimes lean a little closer to Guy Ritchie than Quentin Tarantino , but the energy and momentum are undeniable-the film has a way of relentlessly slicing forward every time you expect it to stagnate .
Free Fire is a stronger concept than film , hamstrung by poor storytelling and execution , despite the best efforts of the cast .
Armie Hammer has a gift for deadpan humor , and it 's put to great use here . Cillian Murphy is the closest thing to a hero -LRB- or at least anti-hero we can root for -RRB- in the movie . Brie Larson is a gamer .
It bears some resemblance to the warehouse showdown in Quentin Tarantino 's Reservoir Dogs , and the dialogue is just as sharp and smart . But the staging , particularly the geography of the running gun battle , is wickedly clever and original .
There 's good reason why this one became a bona fide hit at Toronto 's 's aptly named `` Midnight Madness '' program . It 's a wild-and-crazy shoot 'em up , not only with some obvious nods to the Western genre , but also a tip of the hat to Quentin Tarantino .
The dialogue between the shooters and their rivals is all pretty lackluster and does n't do much to explain the plot or advance the story . Or tell us much about these characters .
It 's all about the farcical side of flesh wounds .
A Violent , Hilarious Blast
Free Fire , packed with chaos and surprises though it is , always makes a pulpy kind of sense while delivering barrages of mean-spirited entertainment and a consistent critique of thoughtless mayhem .
Really Free Fire 's a movie about its own craft and the interplay between its actors-not to mention a trial run at bigger budgeted and more `` mainstream '' filmmaking for Wheatley .
Wheatley , who co-wrote the script with longtime collaborator Amy Jump , has created a perfect vehicle for his brand of hyper-violence and hilarious forays .
Gritty Scorsese-like , ensemble , underworld shoot-out romp . Not Wheatley 's longed for breakout film , but fun .
Loud , brash , and rollicking , Free Fire has enough gun blasts and violence to entertain , but ultimately lacks the requisite surprises or savvy to be anything more than frivolous .
... once the bullets start flying , you 'll have a hard time remembering who was on which side-and you probably wo n't care anyway .
If its clip gets emptied before the characters ' ammunition runs out , the film still hits its target dead-center .
The film is an amusing romp in the director 's humorously violent style , but it 's essentially `` Down Terrace '' squared -LRB- or `` Reservoir Dogs '' in a warehouse -RRB- .
Obviously inspired by Quentin Tarantino 's movies , as well as 1970s shoot - 'em - ups , this action movie tries to be stripped down and clever , but it only succeeds at being laughably violent .
As the film went on and the shootouts became more repetitious , I found myself caring less and less . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Wheatley sees the world as a cesspool where greedy humans get what they deserve and Murphy 's Law prevails . Even with a few undeniably outstanding set pieces , that shtick gets repetitious when delivered with a continual smirk .
`` Free Fire '' is just an action movie stripped down to the bone and pushed to the edge . There 's no need to pretend it 's more than that .
A Quentin Tarantinoesque 90 minutes shootout is a hoot . This year 's best guilty pleasure movie .
Watch a movie go from instant cult classic to misfire in under 90 minutes !
Intermittently amusing but horribly edited sub-Tarantino schlock is , at least , short
A mostly fun , over-the-top ode to the siege movie , as well as a love/hate letter to all things firearm-related .
An exhausting , masturbatory , self-indulgent Tarantino facsimile .
Free Fire knows it 's a low budget action movie in a generic warehouse location . It embraces it and really finds fun gags throughout the location .
The most realistic action scenes since ` Monty Python and the Holy Grail ' .
Nothing about Free Fire is narratively elusive-it takes place more or less in real time . Yet it remains mysterious , in its goofball way .
We cease to care about who lives , dies and what body parts are shot off . It does n't help that , at certain points in the chaos , it 's hard to tell who 's whom .
Feel free to formulate your own greater meaning to Free Fire if you wish . I think it 's just a shoot-em-up with a gimmick . Luckily , it 's got enough action and humor to remain entertaining almost all the way through .
-LSB- It -RSB- takes a director of real virtuosity and vision , someone who can ennoble and invigorate paltry material by technique alone . Ben Wheatley does not have those gifts , however malleable his instincts .
`` Free Fire '' is a no-subtext zone . What you see is what you get . But concentrate on the action and the smart-ass insults and you 'll be OK .
Director Ben Wheatley , who co-wrote the script with Amy Jump , stages the sensational , real-time carnage as a parody of gun violence , and the result is a wonderful surprise .
It is highly recommended to all lovers of B-cinema -- except of course , for those sufficiently well-raised to be proper and socially responsible citizens who prefer to see others of their ilk simulating social norms .
The whole thing is awfully nihilistic , but that 's film noir for you .
The gunplay in Free Fire -- and there is a lot of it -- is akin to a particularly violent game of tag .
`` Free Fire '' is not Wheatley 's best film , but it is a rollicking good time and , more important , an inadvertent skeleton key to thinking about and understanding the rest of his films .
Maybe everyone thought `` We 're making a Tarantino movie ! '' and that 's what caused them to come up short : They did n't make their movie , and nobody else can make his movies .
It 's Reservoir Dogs meets Smokin ' Aces minus any and all narrative ambition .
Free Fire devotes itself to a whole hour of flying stuff -- bullets , barbs , quips , broken glass and other detritus , some of it human . It is complete , beautifully choreographed chaos , punctuated by unexpectedly funny lines .
Free Fire is a black comedy adrenaline trip , one that 's just as much a situational comedy as it is a guns-blazing , isolated , action film .
Director Ben Wheatley is n't known for subtlety . And for much of Free Fire , that 's just fine .
If Sam Peckinpah remade The Gang That Could n't Shoot Straight , you 'd get something like Ben Wheatley 's ode to the cinema of comic cruelty Free Fire .
sustains its energy with comedic timing that far outpaces the shooting accuracy of its stereotypical characters
Wheatley 's empty exercise in spoofy carnage ca n't sustain itself over feature length .
Free Fire is a pure slog-a loud , brutish , gritty mini-spectacle that 's impressive only in its devotion to simplicity .
Advertised as a comedy , there is nothing remotely humorous in this nihilistic abhorrently violent nonsense whose sole purpose seems to be to desensitize its audience to brutality . .
This quick-and-dirty free-for-all is the cinematic equivalent of a chocolate fudge cake slathered in maple-bacon ice cream . You do n't order it because it 's good for you . You order it because you crave it . Free Fire will satisfy your craving .
The cast is game , and there are some chuckles to be had , but they deserved better . And so , it seems , did I.
With his cultivated air of nonchalance , the trivialized , consequence-free violence and reverse-engineering of a plot threaded with convenient twists and unexpected arrivals , Wheatley seems intent upon lowering the stakes at every opportunity .
Free Fire is exactly what you think it is , yet more entertaining than it has any right to be . Add to that the Oscar-caliber editing ... plus random moments of John Denver , and you have one of the smartest dumb shoot - 'em - ups in years .
A cast well stocked with talented goofballs playing trigger-happy killers drives a baby-simple premise past the point of parody into a realm of pure , demented lunacy .
Free Fire is 90 incredible minutes of bullets , one-liners , and seriously off-the-wall characters .
Mr. Wheatley 's `` High-Rise '' was a highlight of 2016 , and again he shows that he 's a technically virtuosic director whose humor has a bracingly nasty side . He 's also no dummy .
Wheatley and Amy Jump , his frequent screenwriting partner , ca n't afford to let the action flag for long , so the characters never amount to much more than their immediate tactical advantage or disadvantage .
`` Free Fire '' is a greasy double bacon cheeseburger of a movie . It is slick , stylish nihilism without an ounce of socially redeeming value . Taking Godard 's old proclamation to its furthest extreme , the film features a girl and an insane amount of guns .
A criminal waste of an ensemble cast that should have found something better to do than lend their names to such a pointless exercise .
Jocular gun violence and `` colorful '' characters make for an amusing but glib action-comedy .
It 's a highly enjoyable 90 minutes , especially if your tastes run to the violent , the absurd , and the violently absurd .
Just imagine what an Itchy and Scratchy short directed by Sam Peckinpah would look like . That 's Free Fire .
This cartoonishly violent exercise in cinematic hero worship comes at the audience with chambers loaded and fires off rounds too rapidly to worry about how vapid it all is .
It has a breezy sense of humour , so it 's entertaining . But the longer it goes , the grosser it gets .
It 's a formally impressive feat -- set nearly entirely in the same rundown warehouse -- but a thin and tedious one .
The movie is never particularly boring , but it never gets to the next level , either .
Free Fire is neither the best nor the worst of the Tarantino wannabes ; at its worst , it 's tediously unoriginal , and at its best , it 's funny and reasonably involving .
The film feels like Reservoir Dogs with a hangover .
If the film has only one note to play , it plays it with a certain slapstick panache , landing closer to Reservoir Dogs than The Boondock Saints on the quality spectrum of movies about loquacious lowlifes with itchy trigger fingers .
What we have here is a down and dirty picture .
It suggests that Wheatley may now only be interested in staging orgies of violence rather than thinking about the psychological writhing that leads to them .
Free Fire is a fun romp for those missing a little Quentin Tarantino-style insanity in their filmgoing lives .
At half the length , Free Fire could have been a lively experiment , but its charms run out far too quickly .
Quibbling aside , Free Fire mainly works , as an indulgence in cinematic overkill for moviegoers who realize that sometimes too much is just enough .
A film that maintains its freshness thanks to the uncertainty of not knowing who will come alive from this war . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Always quick to rebound from a dead patch with a nasty joke , a funny line delivery -LRB- especially from Hammer , Copley and Reynor -RRB- or , eventually , some Midnight Movie gore . If only Wheatley thought up a better punchline .
Free Fire has the characters crawling around like centipedes on the floor . It 's a gimmick that wears thin fast .
It 's a mix of over-the-top violence and humor , but the shtick becomes tiring fast , and even Copley 's appeal starts to drag , just as everyone literally drags themselves around as limbs go , one by one .
A 90-minute shootout that never makes us care who lives and who dies . In attempting to send up a cinematic cliché , this only becomes a tedious example of same .
A smug knockoff of Quentin Tarantino 's brand of ironic violence , at several degenerations ' remove .
As far as Tarantino facsimiles go , it 's a solid one , blending violence , humor and style to good effect .
An apolitical gun merchant and an IRA buyer meet in an abandoned factory building to do a deal in this mordantly funny chronicle of escalating disaster .
The ultimate shoot-out with highly original characters .
Ben Wheatley 's film reduces the modus operandi of the action movie down to its starkest elements .
For all the tension and graphic violence , there are enough laugh-out-loud moments to designate this a black comedy .
Free Fire may be far from the best movie of the year , but you are guaranteed to have one of your most fun times at the movies when checking out Wheatley 's latest .
It is original , undemanding , award-bait-free , fun-based cinema and there is an awful lot to be said for that .
Once the shooting starts Free Fire loses its sparkle , and descends into sub-Tarantino territory .
Kids , it 's time to come home and make originals rather than using the BFI kitty to knock out middle-tier Americana .
The warehouse standoff is pure Reservoir Dogs , and so is the cheesy listening soundtrack , with John Denver used for ironic effect where Tarantino used Stealers Wheel .
The action is well orchestrated , lightened by schoolyard barbs fired off between the bullets .
You 'll laugh , you 'll wince , you 'll duck . Bullseye !
While there 's not much to it , the actors have plenty of grist to bring their roles to life . Which makes the film funny and intense all the way through , even if there 's no emotional connection at all .
Free Fire has set a high standard for action cinema in 2017 and beyond . While highly stylised action is nowhere near dead Wheatley makes a convincing argument for bringing Western action back to its roots .
The budget 's bigger now , but Down Terrace , too , was filmed in an enclosed space on Brighton 's edge . Wheatley 's territory has n't changed so much . Free Fire is his most simply entertaining riff on it yet .
It 's rare to get this kind of genre grit in cinemas these days so try to get down to Free Fire and get in on a piece of the action .
Free Fire is all about bullets and quips . Neither hit their targets 100 per cent of the time but enough do to make this one of the more diverting shoot 'em - ups .
Brie Larson , Cillian Murphy and Armie Hammer can be glimpsed amid the smoke and dust , but in the absence of any distinguishable characters it scarcely matters that we have a hard time working out who is firing at whom .
Driven as much by Amy Sharp and -LSB- Ben -RSB- Wheatley 's witty dialogue as by the whizzing and pinging of ammunition , Free Fire shows what happens when male machismo comes well armed .
By populating the film with an array of colourful characters , some sharp dialogue and a keen sense of the absurd , Free Fire is a continually engaging , often thrilling cult classic in the making .
Get the hell down to the cinema pronto .
The sustained and relentless bloodshed on display manages to feel shorter than the climactic sequence of an average Marvel movie - and a good deal more entertaining .
It 's all hugely enjoyable , never taking itself too seriously , yet it paradoxically runs the risk of disappointing the director 's most expectant die-hard fans ; Brit cinema 's enfant terrible turned terribly infantile .
Free Fire is an exhilarating exercise in pure storytelling where Wheatley and co-writer Amy Jump are firing on all cylinders .
Ben Wheatley 's Free Fire is so persuasively arrogant that it convinces you style can bury substance in a hole six feet deep .
There is a kind of pure hilarious effrontery in the way Free Fire simply protracts the gruesome catastrophe . This is what the story is .
Free Fire is a blend of thriller and black comedy that does n't work as either .
The picture ca n't quite pull off its ambitious challenge . There 's a reason nobody has tried this before .
Ben Wheatley 's cartoonishly violent Free Fire begins with such zest that it is all the more dispiriting how quickly it loses its way .
More fun than a hopped-up helicopter joy ride .
The great cast get to have a lot of fun with some enjoyable dialogue but things slow down once the shooting starts . It 's just entertaining enough to last the ninety minutes but you 'd rather the characters were talking rather than shooting .
A brutally brilliant slice of gonzo action filmmaking , Free Fire is yet another confidently made effort from Wheatley , who once again proves he 's consistently full of surprises as a director .
Free Fire is a fearless and sharp shoot 'em up , loaded with star power , and polished with gallows humor .
It 's Copley , odious and charismatic , who steals the show , which is obviously the point of casting Sharlto Copley in your hyper-stylized shoot-em-up .
As much fun as you can have watching six people crawl on a floor for 90 minutes .
An Old-Fashioned shoot-em/Farce that is quintessentially British . Featuring a hilarious cast of characters Free Fire is ; a short plot , long on laughs , frenetic , yet entertaining genre film .
`` I forget whose side I 'm on , '' one of the cringing combatants hollers at one point , as if to reassure the viewer that they 're not alone in their disorientation .
You could superficially read Free Fire as a riff on the formula of Reservoir Dogs , but Wheatley 's cinematic ancestry stretches back further and is far richer than that .
The film is loud , fast-moving , and utterly ludicrous on the surface , but let the sheer ridiculousness wash over you and you will be in for one of the most entertaining hour and a halfs you are likely to spend in a cinema .
It has more than enough to keep you entertained and at just 90 minutes , its undeniable talent will likely make you want a slightly longer running time nonetheless .
Comparisons to Reservoir Dogs are probably inevitable given the warehouse setting , copious firearms and endlessly quotable script , but this is a sleeker and more violent film -LRB- though perhaps less sadistic -RRB- .
Free Fire is a mad contraption , bristling with bravado and black , sardonic wit .
A stylish , gripping and darkly funny thriller that owes a debt to Tarantino 's Reservoir Dogs .
The film runs out of ideas long before its -LRB- modest -RRB- runtime is up . Still , devotees of facial hair and firearms are likely to have a blast .
The film is very much single-barrelled in terms of plot , but it still hits the mark .
Blessed with an irreverent British sense of humor from Wheatley and co-writer Amy Jump , Free Fire gets impressive mileage out of its simple shootout premise .
It 's basically an excuse for director Wheatley to execute an hour-long shoot-out . He mostly does , but you 'll have to decide for yourself if that 's something you want to spend 90 minutes watching .
What might be messy in less capable hands is simply dynamic here . The film 's fiery energy is amped up by its suitably warm lensing , all oranges , browns and rusty reds .
Free Fire might be a trifle of a quippy , feature-length shootout , but it 's the best damned trifle of a quippy , feature-length shootout you 'll ever see .
As the increasingly shot-up crims drag themselves around the dusty old umbrella factory , blasting away , it becomes difficult to follow precisely who is shooting at whom - or to care .
Sure , too many of the jokes fall flat , and Larson is criminally underutilized ; but Reynor and Hammer are the film 's secret weapons , spinning weak one-liners into charismatic winners time and time again .
If action , violence , and dark humor sounds like your kind of thing , then get ready to have a blast .
It 's a bloody , violent , darkly comedic tale of an arms deal gone awry , anchored by a cast of terrific actors exhibiting a wide variety of facial hair and leisure suits .
Less bullet ballet than bullet drum solo , Wheatley 's zany 90-minute set piece borrows the right ingredients to put on a good show .
The latest cinematic trainwreck from Ben Wheatley ...
An absolutely blast from beginning to end , FREE FIRE works as both a rip-snorting action flick , while simultaneously serving as a savvy send-up of the gangster genre .
Its self-consciously witty dialogue is meant to paper over gratuitous violence with a veneer of nonchalance .
The film does represent a rather more comedically inclined picture for Wheatley , albeit spiked with his distinctively dark sensibilities as a filmmaker .
This is low-brow Reservoir Dogs , extreme genre action meant to energize you with an insane cast of characters hell-bent on killing each other on principle .
I ran out of patience long before the participants ran out of ammo .
Free Fire is a relentless genre assault of bullets , laughs and personality , like an pseudo action movie that cranks intensity to 11 and rips off the knob .
Alas , for all its stellar talent , Free Fire is a scattershot exercise in genre homage that ultimately misses the target .
It 's relentlessly brutal and surprisingly hilarious , the blackest of black humor seeping from its pores .
Once the bullets start flying , the trajectory of each projectile is informed by the relationship between the person firing it and the intended target . That allows Free Fire to be intense , funny , absurd and even political , sometimes all at once .
Once shots are fired , the film descends into a repetitive orgy of bullets and bad jokes .
Although it eventually wears out its welcome , Free Fire offers a no-frills , B-movie level of ridiculous violence and mayhem that makes it a constantly hilarious and occasionally shocking picture .
To describe Ben Wheatley 's latest picture as a blast does n't even come close to capturing the film 's adrenalised assault on the senses .
A shoot-em-up with a wide streak of wicked humor , coupled with no shortage of bullets and blood , marking Wheatley 's most purely popcorn and wildly enjoyable movie to date .
Crosses the irreverent cheekiness of Quentin Tarantino 's `` Reservoir Dogs '' with the ruthless spirit of 1970s B-movies , in which audiences hoped for a few minutes of what `` Free Fire '' sustains for the better part of 90 minutes .

@highlight

Free Fire aims squarely for genre thrills , and hits its target repeatedly and with great gusto -- albeit with something less than pure cinematic grace .