The film touches on the line between poetic license and deceit , as well as the glittering promise of reinvention and fame .
... the film 's lack of a critical , considered perspective on the madness , some persuasive idea of -LSB- Laura -RSB- Albert and her coup , leaves the viewer feeling had .
Author : The JT LeRoy Story pulled a real reaction out of me , by means both honest and inauthentic .
... as happens too often when the director is also the writer , Author : The JT LeRoy Story runs too long , at least by 15 to 25 minutes .
The documentary is , among many things , a test of trust and sympathy .
Call it a massive literary hoax or twisted identity theft . Or just call it art . Either way , Author : The JT LeRoy Story will fascinate and at the same time cause much frustrated head-scratching .
interesting but ultimately inessential
Feuerzeig trade access for accountability , allowing Albert ... to produce a storyline that fosters her own self-belief . The ethics are questionable , and the deeper issues , such as literary authenticity and cultural exploitation , are barely acknowledged .
Author : The JT LeRoy Story could n't arrive at a better time .
On the whole , it succeeds for the questions it asks , not the ones it cheaply answers .
The result is so far-fetchedly entertaining it feels like a fantasist 's fevered imaginings . Which , in a way , it is .
Author : The JT LeRoy Story is a testament to the magic of art and how it can make a fantasy feel achingly real .
Years from now , we might see if Albert 's literary output holds up to critical scrutiny . Until then , this fascinating documentary allows us to contemplate the very nature of fiction .
Regardless of how you feel coming away from Feuerzeig 's controversial new film , you 'll be hard pressed to forget Albert 's impressively articulated story anytime soon .
It 's a barnstorming exposé that puts all other documentaries released this year to shame .
Albert provides so much incredible primary-source material to support her wild tale of success and scorn , one might suppose she 's been preparing all her life for such a documentary to be made .
By no means a balanced presentation of l'affaire LeRoy , much less an indictment of Laura Albert . But it nonetheless assembles a large amount of fascinating material ... even if it sidesteps the issue of ultimate narrative reliability .
In Author : The JT LeRoy Story , we see the elaborate -LRB- and possibly meta-artistic -RRB- plot Albert used to fashion her own fame out of whole cloth .
It 's a sordid tale , and Albert is not an especially sympathetic or reliable narrator . But the film is hugely entertaining -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Serves up a juicy cautionary tale about the machinery of idol worship .
It succeeds for the questions it asks , not the ones it cheaply answers .
For all the wild things JT LeRoy wrote in his best-selling novels and short stories , nothing tops how JT came into existence -- a story director Jeff Feuerzeig captures with energetic wit in Author : The JT LeRoy Story .
While Feuerzeig makes good visual and narrative use of the world 's adulation and outrage over LeRoy and his eventual outing , all those fireworks are exploded solely to illuminate -LSB- the real subject , Laura -RSB- Albert .
Feuerzeig 's flashy narrative antics reduce a serious and substantial story to mere snippets of information .
A portrait of this level of deception , self-deception , of creative pathology , of narcissists giddily getting taken for a ride , is a rich and necessary one .
This , Albert 's voice , is what separates this piece from reports from other publications - those minute details spoken with such a nostalgic , heartfelt cadence , being revisited in the present , never spoken on screen beforehand .
Quite useful to watch and discuss .
It 's about the identity politics that allowed Leroy to come to be in the first place -- about whether the literary talent for which Leroy was lauded could so quickly have been dismissed had it been taken on its own merits .
Author : The JT LeRoy Story excels when it presents the facts ... but it fails to find or even look for any answers that would explain or contextualize that story .
By turns fascinating and unseemly .
This documentary is well crafted but suffers from a deeply unsympathetic protagonist .
A fascinating doc about a fascinating occurrence .
This documentary itself is a whirlwind of deceit , switching tenses at will , as if to legitimize Albert 's particular delusions , still enjoying her game and the cultural myths to which liberals are susceptible .
Feuerzeig has the ingredients to mix together a fascinating study of delusion . Instead , he 's building an underdog tale , trusting Albert implicitly instead of challenging her .
Sharply filmed , `` Author '' explores the appeal of even the most contrived myths , reminding us that even when Pinocchio hides his lengthening nose , he 's telling lies .
Feuerzeig lets us put together the puzzle pieces of Albert 's story . The film 's final five minutes - a punch to the heart - make it all clear .
Fascinating but frustratingly murky ...
Do the widely-praised writings of LeRoy become less praiseworthy when you know they were crafted under false pretenses ? It 's a question worth chewing on even if the film asking it stacks the deck .
Perhaps it was necessary in the name of clarity , but , in spite of the inherently crazy story , a straightforward retelling becomes a bit rote after a while , especially in the third act .
Even if the film seems too accepting of the ruse on the surface , it 's fascinating stuff whether or not you know the real story .
The film makes for a compelling cinematic memoir but , as a documentary portrait , is weighted and unenlightening .
... a stylish and fascinating breakdown of one very strange story , but while we may come away convinced that Albert never set out to hoodwink anyone , Feuerzeig has n't entirely cleared the smokescreen .
One of most the sharply crafted and enthralling documentaries in recent memory .
Too bad director Feuerzeig did n't put more effort into verifying his subject 's life story . Because every word out of Laura `` JT LeRoy '' Albert 's mouth sounds like a lie .
A story this rich in ironies and metaphysics ought to be big game for a filmmaker .
A fascinating peek into one of the wildest literary scandals in recent years and the bizarre nature of celebrity relationships .
A wild trip with a highly unreliable narrator .
The kind of film you 'll still be thinking and arguing with yourself about long after you leave the theater , as much for the film 's approach to its thorny subject as for the still-controversial subject herself .
If they have the right to engage in intellectual dishonesty , then you have the right to not pay to see Author : The JT LeRoy Story , or to buy any of their books . Fair is fair .
Posing her in front of stylized backgrounds , presented her tale as a bouncy , comedic romp , Jeff Feuerzeig 's `` Author '' does n't pretend to offer the official truth - it just entertains the notion that Laura Albert , as Jean Renoir would say , has her reasons .
There is such a thing as a passionate , headlong phony , and you 'll meet her in Author : The JT LeRoy Story .
Queasily absorbing ...
Even for those who do n't regard the notion of perfect objectivity with the wariness it deserves , there are compensatory insights in this movie 's unapologetic fascination with its subject .
The film effectively explores nature of identity , celebrity , and the creative process in a way that is satisfying , even if many of the questions it raises do n't go entirely answered .
Rather than a conventional inquiry into the circumstances and personalities that contributed to Albert 's deception , Feuerzeig allows her to tell her own story , eschewing most other sources involved in her professional debut .
Even when the film fails to ask so many of the questions its narrative begs , Author is still a tricky , fascinating look at the strange nexus of art , artifice , and the intoxicating cult of celebrity .
Fascinating first-person account from the author herself of a complex masquerade that stunned the literary and celebrity worlds .
Working in the film 's favor is that the JT saga remains relevant today , in this age of Internet alter egos , blurred-reality shows and our continued obsession with fame and celebrity .
Never is Albert confronted with the ramifications of her falsely hijacking a fatal disease , a sexual identity or a social strata that was alien to her .
Author posits the JT LeRoy situation as much more than a mere curiosity , instead portraying it as an important shift in the way pop culture began to discuss identity and gender , themes that have become are all the more relevant in the social media age .
A mind-blowing document of creation and deception . Every second of the film leaves you captivated .
Jeff Feuerzeig is n't skeptical enough of Laura Albert 's explanations and rationalizations to reveal any more than she wants us to know .
Fascinating viewing , offering a more sensitive counterpoint to the efforts of various news organisations to brand what she did an elaborate and cynically motivated hoax .
A fascinating , if skewed , account of creativity gone wild .
Ms Albert emerges as a quicksilver talent whose obfuscations enraged many , but harmed absolutely no one .
Animations , interviews and recordings of phone calls made at the time between Laura/JT and the various celebrities and literary figures she/he befriended flesh out the tale .
This does become a fascinating tale ; after all , who does n't love to hear about celebrities being taken for a ride ?
The levels of deception , delusion and denial were exhausting but they make for a spellbinding documentary .
While it gives a fascinating insight into her near pathological compulsion to try on other voices and identities , it does leave a lot of questions unanswered .
If ever there were a documentary that could get away with an unreliable narrator then this is it
The documentary does n't draw any particular conclusion about Albert 's behaviour but it is a fascinating account of a case that still confounds those most closely involved in it .
Deeply dubious -- possibly specious -- this documentary is nonetheless car-crash compelling .
-LSB- An -RSB- intriguing if sometimes exasperating documentary ...
To describe this story as multilayered does n't do it justice .
Feuerzeig 's film teasingly , dextrously reminds us that all art - especially the true stuff - is fake .
The film is fascinating but needed more voices .
Intriguing as it is , the film could have done with more voices and facets and less of what one woman 's learned about herself in therapy .
Albert/Leroy 's story is its own hall of mirrors , artfully navigated by director Jeff Feuerzeig .
`` In an age where celebrity is everything , even more so now , this feels like essential viewing . ''
-LSB- Laura Albert -RSB- is a compelling storyteller , granting a tongue-in-cheek quality to support the documentary 's rollercoaster journey concerning very real emotional traumas .
A sensational but unsensationalistic telling of a riveting story .
Albert gets offered the opportunity to redeem her actions , and make light of why and how she conned the world . Unsurprisingly , she 's a hell of a storyteller .
Author : The JT LeRoy Story is wildly entertaining and truly stranger than fiction , even perhaps the fiction Albert wrote as LeRoy .
In dire need of additional voices that might substantiate Albert 's account , and rendered suspect by their conspicuous absence .

@highlight

Author : The JT LeRoy Story serves as a worthy primer on its fascinating subject as well as an insightful look at the ever-evolving nature of modern celebrity .