Project Almanac just wants to say `` This stuff has already been done before , so there 's no point in trying to get it right . ''
As a story , as an experience , it 's one of the most underrated movies of the last few years . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a far better teen movie than sci-fi film , but thanks to its affable cast , I was n't wishing for a magical do-over to have those two hours back .
Project Almanac is a good entertainment , suitable for a teen movie or another proposal that uses the found footage format . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The genre dramatizes the identity formation that goes on during the digital technology-glutted adolescent years , which are filled with screens and captured images , whether from smartphones , cameras , vlogging , or pictures on social media .
Maybe every time-travel movie ca n't use a souped-up DeLorean , but Project Almanac may leave you wanting to pull out your old copy of Back to the Future instead .
Yet another chance to berate the found-footage genre , and I 'm going to take it .
Let 's be honest -- no gimmick in cinema past , present or future could make this tripe palatable .
This MTV Films-backed teen-romance for the GoPro-in-ADHD generation actually makes a music-fest a -LRB- creaky -RRB- plot-hinge . It 's part wanna-be Primer , part energy-drink-hangover-experience .
Aside from the last 20 minutes or so , this is a film with zero tension .
... for a self-aware time travel flick , it does hit all the right pop-culture tropes and has fun with the idea .
Boasts little imagination , but is perfect fodder for an adolescent sleepover and for a change , the adults are n't all idiots .
Enough already with the `` found footage '' movies .
Given how over-used a movie device time-travel has become it 's refreshing when anyone manages to give it a new spin ... With an obvious nod to the sci-fi verite hit Chronicle , the film is full of wily movie references and some clever touches .
The 106 minutes between the opening scene and the end credits still feels like an eternity .
In Project Almanac , we have a very likeable , if very lightweight , teen time-travel thriller .
This film most likely will not become a game changer for the time travel genre like Looper , but it will keep you watching .
There are things in which horny teenaged boys were not meant to meddle . Like we needed the warning .
-LSB- It -RSB- is a `` found footage '' movie . This gimmick may have run its course : not only does Israelite use the method inconsistently , he never shows why it 's needed to tell this particular story .
Project Almanac is certainly not a great movie , but at least it 's a different take on the found footage genre .
Gone are the days when ` found footage ' was a fresh approach to a movie .
By the time the mind-bending paradoxes kick in , the film 's potential complexities have devolved into mere clutter , both narrative and visual : the coolest thing the device does is to make debris revolve in mid-air .
The film has an appealing energy and a fresh young cast , but its stylistic , shaky hand-held camera quickly becomes tiresome and irritating
A hectic but better than expected entertainment .
A frantic , sci-fi yarn where the likeable cast compensate for the underdeveloped plot and the shaky , handheld camera work .
Dean Israelite 's time-travel drama is hampered by its own found-footage conceit .
Do n't give it the time of day .
Group chemistry is moderately diverting but story offerings are as scanty as the shorts and skirts sported by the female leads .
Grounded by the romantic narrative that exists , Project Almanac finds a strand of intimacy amidst the grandiose elements , in a surprisingly sincere fashion .
The film ultimately falls victim to its own gimmick , though . It ca n't withstand the pitfalls of the paradoxical nature of time travel and stumbles under the weight of an attempt to deliver a big finish .
Fizzles out faster than a flux capacitor without 1.21 gigawatts .
It 's mildly entertaining up to a point , with a reasonably engaging cast , but it mainly reminds you just how brilliant the Back to the Future trilogy was , and still is .
Enjoyable in the moment - before you have the chance to ask too many questions - largely due to its charismatic cast .
The premise has been done to death , but screenwriters Andrew Stark and Jason Pagan give it a fresh and pleasant spin by using it as a vehicle for adolescent wish fulfillment
... transparently hopes to do for the time-travel movie what Chronicle did for teen superheroes and basically succeeds .
The film asks us to wallow in the characters ' wish fulfillment , then get genuinely concerned when the consequences of their reckless rewriting of history catch up with them .
Ugly , unfocused photography makes it impossible to enjoy the film beyond its theoretical novelty .
It 's easy to imagine the folks behind `` Looper , '' `` Timecrimes '' or `` Predestination '' chuckling over the paradoxical simplicities and deflated drama . But their time travelers never said `` Whatever we did at Lollapalooza had some crazy ripple effects ! ''
The premise , which initially has a certain interior logic , grows implausible and then nonsensical .
As a blueprint for newcomers to the time travel corner of sci-fi , it 'll work just fine .
It 's dumb . So dumb , in fact , that it makes the science behind Sharknado seem sound .
Even though Project Almanac does not reinvent the found footage format , the movie still manages to tell a gripping -LRB- and stylish -RRB- time travel story .
The disorderly and often derivative space-time frolic never reaches the heights of Chronicle or the `` temporal dislocation '' fodder it humbly makes reference to , but it still manages to have fun .
Anyone trying to scrutinize the film 's adherence to time-travel guidelines established elsewhere will probably walk out with a headache . Or maybe it was just the camerawork .
Maybe it will work better on home video where unrestrained camera movement is less likely to provoke nausea but it certainly does n't work on a big screen .
On the whole , this is a good B-movie that hits it modest marks .
There 's an expression in journalism : `` burying the lede . '' It refers to the act of delaying the most important or enticing facts until late in the story . Project Almanac buries its lede .
Instead of being offensively bad , `` Almanac '' is merely dull . For a wily , quaking camera take on the needs of the heart , dramatic inertia , not time itself , is perhaps the feature 's greatest enemy .
Beyond Project Almanac 's shaky concept , the bouncing and skewed angle camerawork is an entirely unpleasant experience .
If Project Almanac did n't bungle it all with a shrug of an ending , it would be easier to recommend .
This is an entertaining film with likable characters and fun situations .
Can I have my 106 minutes back ?
... a decent-enough time-travel thriller that 'll almost certainly leave fans of the genre satisfied .
Project Almanac features that awful found footage gimmick , but do n't let that stop you from meeting these charming , time travelin ' teens .
Far more fun and entertaining in its first half than in the second when the action , peril and ramifications of messing around with time take over . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
The time has come to finally tell the found-footage genre to get lost . Just pick up your unsteady handheld camera and go already .
Despite its obvious flaws , this sci-fi drama is still energetic and engaging fun .
Frenetic and formulaic , ` Back to the Future ' it is n't .
-LSB- It -RSB- could have been a lot worse .
Project Almanac starts off fine , but the creative team struggles to find a satisfying , logical ending .
Youth is wasted on the young , and apparently time machines are as well .
Lesson learned : time travel is difficult , but making it work on screen is even harder .
Project Almanac insists that you lower your expectations . No , you should lower them further than that .
Irksome in too many ways to possibly count .
Self-awareness does n't save the film from fizzling .
Bizarre camerawork and that laziest of all plot devices , the stash of found footage , soon slots it in the `` unrealized potential '' category .
`` Project Almanac '' feels like a leap backward .
How about a moratorium on the found-footage genre ? What was once fresh and innovative now is tired and overdone .
Project Almanac has some amusing moments , but its found footage format confounds , frustrates and ruins the film 's loopy fun .
Saying this underbaked Chronicle knockoff is meant for teenagers is an insult to the intelligence of teenagers everywhere .
The film delivers the same misogynistic , faux-modernistic jolts of trashy humor and labored plotting that typify the work of co-producer Michael Bay .
Visually hysterical , narratively nonsensical time-travel cheapie .
in order to play to its audience , the movie dumps the doom and gloom and ups the bros and babes
I found it hard to care about anybody , when I was n't too busy trying not to get sick anyway .
Along the way Almanac is forced to cheat so much with its ostensibly self-shot material that one has to ask why the format was chosen .
Every generation gets the time travel it deserves .
The found-footage technique is aimed at teens , but surely they 're smart enough to see through the thin characters and skimpy story . An almost-enjoyable throwaway .
Step back a step from `` Almanac , '' and the whole thing seems beyond absurd . But while it 's playing , you can kind of buy what it 's selling .
... it does n't quite work , but the young teen audience this movie is being pitched to probably wo n't mind .
Pretends to be intelligent long enough to get our hopes up , then reveals its true colors as a superficial , silly genre rip-off aimed at teens .
A decent sci-fi thriller and a solid moral fable about the dangers of reckless teenage behavior .
What have we done to deserve another found-footage movie ?
Clever , funny but emotionally stunted . Like most teenagers .
Despite the uncomfortable sexism and altogether predictable nature of the film , I 'd be lying if I said it was n't modestly entertaining .
Project Almanac has enough heart and brains to keep it steady even as the camera is n't , and its wires-and-widgets variation on `` The Monkey 's Paw '' is very much informed and improved by the charm and capabilities of its young cast .
Israelite goes all out with the found footage conceit , giving the proceedings a relentlessly shaky style and a breathless feel ...
A time-travel premise goes nowhere fast in this latest take on the increasingly tired found-footage genre .
While `` Project Almanac does n't exactly blaze a new trail , the movie is smart and knowingly acknowledges both its place in the time travel subgenre and its formal limitations as a found footage movie .

@highlight

Project Almanac is n't without wit or originality , but its thin story and irritating found-footage camerawork ultimately make it difficult to recommend .