In Margaret , everyone has her own opera .
`` Margaret '' not only faithfully captures a young woman 's growing pains , it also serves as an emblem for our collective post-9 / 11 grieving process .
This movie may be a lot of things , but finished is n't one of them .
Knotty , ambitious and trading in messy human truths , it 's the work of a master dramatist . Here 's hoping Lonergan 's next one reaches us a little faster .
A messy-yet-poignant dramatic opera about the power of regret , loss , and worst of all , being a teenager .
If two and a half hours in the company of quarrelsome , self-absorbed New Yorkers do n't sound too punishing , there 's much to like .
It has failings , but they 're not fundamental , and if anything they speak to just how much Lonergan tried to coerce into a single story . He was aiming for ecstatic transcendence .
Lonergan 's brainy script would n't work without Paquin , who makes Lisa a force of nature . As a walking paradox -- both controlling and completely out of control -- she 's riveting .
Margaret 's journey to the screen may 've been rocky , but the result is a singularly compelling study of trauma . It 's a raw , messily magnificent near-masterpiece .
Margaret is less about plot mechanics than about the virtuosity of the dialogue , the complexity of the characters , and the detail and depth of their untidy world .
At 150 minutes , it 's way too long , with several superfluous scenes and subplots . On top of all that , moments of high melodrama and overwrought opera suggest that it has an over-inflated sense of its own importance .
Complex , ambitious , remarkably performed ; Margaret is a unique film that almost did n't see the light of day .
Margaret is a frayed-nerves feat of furious articulation .
Even in its truncated state , this is pretty gripping stuff .
The coming-of-age pic has a sense of deeply felt gravity .
Margaret is a pointless coming-of-age drama starring Anna Paquin that tediously meanders on for two and half hours before ending with a whimper .
This is an America in which nobody listens , the end always justifies the means , and it 's always the other guy 's fault . Blame is tricky when everyone is failing everyone .
... it should be commended for attempting to tackle something as basic - and insurmountable - as a single human emotion .
Epic and personal , challenging and strange .
It has its flaws , but I defy you to find a more intelligent or impassioned American film this year .
An epic drama whose significance is symbolized by citations from Shakespeare and the operatic world .
Margaret is an absorbing character study headlined by a wonderful performance from Anna Paquin .
Presumably Lonergan meant Margaret to be a tapestry . Instead , it 's a series of incongruous threads .
In a sterling central performance , Anna Paquin -LRB- True Blood ; The Piano -RRB- is outstanding as she courses through a broad palette of hard-edged emotions in this searing post-9 / 11 drama about honesty and culpability .
Its commentary on the nature of performance and its political subtext make for an unconventional end product .
If you wanted to see this troubled , acclaimed , mishandled movie , you had to go to New York , Los Angeles , or fly 40,000 feet above the Earth . Talk about a limited release .
Ambitious , affecting , unwieldy and haunting , it 's an eccentric , densely atmospheric , morally hyper-aware masterpiece ...
What 's here is borderline camp at times , intermittently revealing a promise of brilliance perhaps left behind for good in 2005 .
It 's a passionate , fascinating mess , like its abrasive main character .
It 's a challenging movie , but it pays off in big ideas and stunning performances .
Rather like Clint Eastwood 's Hereafter , which also starred Matt Damon , there is certainly a good film in here trying to get out and there 's a neatly-emotional ending , but it 's not as consistent as -LSB- director Kenneth Longergan 's -RSB- You Can Count on Me .
Never has a troubled film project 's off-screen drama played out so clearly in the release product .
Strike that , this movie is n't a near-masterpiece , it is in fact an instant one , and quite frankly had I seen it in 2011 it would have likely been number two or three on my list of the best films of the prior year .
Messy but masterful ; a sprawling portrait of what it means to be a bright young woman who 's realizing that the world is n't the warm bath of acceptance that her privileged life would indicate .
Ambitious , stunningly-acted , smart , and astoundingly not outstaying its welcome despite a beefy run time , Margaret is destined to become a cult classic .
Margaret comes apart at the seams as you watch it , but it gives off a lovely light . Seek it out . You can thank me later .
Complex and elusive , the film weaves so many utterly believable and often devastating narrative strands that you wish Lonergan had got his way and released his initial 4 hr cut
Margaret is - or at least might have been - very much a film of its time , and that time was the mid-Noughties ... now the film might easily be viewed as just another rites-of-passage indie - albeit an unusually multi-faceted one .
Haunting and thought-provoking despite flaws ; an important post-9 / 11 movie with its own troubled mythology .
An intelligent , thoughtful film , the title of which comes from the `` Margaret '' addressed in Gerard Manley Hopkins 's poem `` Spring and Fall : To a Young Child '' about growing up and growing old .
Paquin , whose squirmy style of acting I 've never liked , is astounding here ...
Paquin creates that rarest of things : a profoundly unsympathetic character who is mysteriously , mesmerically , operatically compelling to watch .
The acting is uniformly wonderful . It 's a phoenix of a film , risen from the ashes of what looked alarmingly like failure , and it needs to be seen .
No group of actors in a film ever had so little time to establish so much complexity or succeeded with such consummate skill .
It 's a powerfully involving exploration of guilt and self-discovery . It 's also packed with astonishingly complex characters and situations .
Paquin - a 29-year-old playing a teenager - is outstanding as the bolshie adolescent doggedly pursuing a mawkish retribution , exquisitely delivering Lonergan 's drily painful bon mots while trying the patience as flakey torch for truth ... if not justice .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is a powerfully emotional drama with an Oscar-worthy central performance from Anna Paquin .
There might be a five-hour version of the movie that plays like Citizen Kane , but in its theatrical form , it 's a Jackson Pollock painting minus the soul .
One of the most original and heartbreaking and wonderfully messy & idiosyncratic films released in 2011 .
A film 's that 's at least occasionally excellent .
For all its awkwardness and uncertainty , the film is a city symphony , romantic yet scathing , lyrical with street life and vaulting skylines , reckless with first adventure ...
Margaret definitely has many elements for a successful drama . It 's unfortunate that no one was able to shape them into a functional movie .
Margaret is a mess . An impressive mess , but a mess nonetheless .
Weirdly , you can see how terrific Margaret should have been .
Kenneth Lonergan 's new film , Margaret , finally released six years after it was shot , now seems destined to become part of film history as one of the more stunning examples of a filmmaker 's sophomore slump .
An ambitious , novelistic , sprawling story that attempts to show a young woman 's internal development while simultaneously conveying the soul of modern-day New York .
Margaret turns out to be , despite a number of flaws , a far more interesting and gripping work than its extremely checkered past might otherwise suggest .
... an ambitious yet hopelessly cluttered mess of epic proportions ...
It took six years to make this movie . Do yourself a favor : do n't wait six years to see it .
How do you assess a movie when you know it 's been edited down against the filmmaker 's stern will ? That 's the dilemma created by Margaret .
Its hard look at a young , morally confused woman struggling for clarity is nothing short of riveting .
Lonergan , who casts himself as Lisa 's lukewarm father , a screenwriter , possesses a rare talent for elevating an embarrassing sequence into sadness or tragedy .
What an interesting failure `` Margaret '' is .
Though a bit choppy , it emerges as a thoughtful , compelling piece about guilt , redemption -- and the difficulty of coming to terms with the moral complexity in human affairs .
Kenneth Lonergan offers no resolutions in this complex and moving parable , unless it 's the observation that the only resolutions in life are in art .
What it does have going for it is a pre-True Blood Anna Paquin , who burns up the screen with a bravura performance in a complex and discomfiting role .
Retains a powerful , fickle interest in confronting the randomness , frustration and difficult choices that seep into everyone 's life eventually .
On occasion , the film captures a welcome cross-section of modern New York life , serving as a freeform antidote to the intersecting-lives tidiness of similar films from the likes of Haggis and Iñárritu .
... a work of great psychological understanding and one of the most artistically satisfying reactions to 9/11 put to film .
A jumbled mass of conflicting impulses ? Yes . Lurching and at times pretentious ? Yes . But still a film with a lot of distinct , wide-eyed personality , even if it hangs oddly .
A fascinating , deeply felt film of wild , untamed emotions and probing insights .
Chaotic coming-of-age drama with teen sex , drugs .
The film 's imperfections work in the sense that they rhyme with the agitation and sense of dislocation the characters feel .
Despite a wrenching opening that saddles Paquin 's character with more guilt than most anyone could bear , much less a less-than-steady-on-her-feet teen , the film lets some great performances and compelling moments drift in a sea of shapelessness .
I wish I could say it 's a resurrected classic but , alas , it 's mostly a mess -- a 2-1/2 - hour mess no less .
Like the final notes of an opera , the film lingers , inviting you back to explore its mysteries a second and even a third time .
Precisely imagined , far-reaching portrait of a teenager coping with the fallout of a tragic accident .
Every bold vision requires respect ; a few deserve celebration . This is one of them , imperfections and all .
For a 90-minute movie , `` Margaret '' has a thin story . So it 's unfortunate that it runs 2 1/2 hours .
Lonergan has created a forceful yet extremely fitful film that teases with moments of brilliance only to frustrate in the end .
`` Margaret '' was filmed in 2005 and has reportedly been delayed because of persistent editing problems . These do not seem to have been solved .
Lonergan did n't bite off more than he could chew with Margaret - this is his personal moral gymnasium - but he did bite off more than others might want to chew .
A pretentious , talky bore that feels like an amalgamation of workshopped theater ideas thrown at the wall in the hopes that any one of them will stick .
See it , goggle at its strangeness , marvel at how a movie can be haunting even when it does n't work at all .
It feels like a film that 's been years in the making , and something this rich is worth the wait .
`` Margaret '' remains tantalizingly unfulfilled .
It 's easy to see the years of frustration on screen in this plodding , overstuffed and fatally self-important coming of age story .
Rarely has a film with such a great cast and so many moments of terrific writing and such high dramatic goals been so messy and disorganized and fundamentally bad .
Lonergan 's dialogue can sweep you up in a whoosh of personality and ideas , but it 's hard to see what , apart from ego , convinced him that this story was so epic .
This unwieldy drama of conscience in the wake of tragedy is hyperarticulate but rarely eloquent , full of wrenchingly acted scenes that lack credible motivation or devolve into shrill hectoring .
From start to end credits , very much an example of good work that does n't translate .
Nearly every scene is acutely observed , a strong cast fully inhabiting Lonergan 's symphonic collision of ideas and in tune with his ear for the harsh poetry of New York language , variously hyperbolic and sparing , engaged and self-protective .
A distanced but often car-crash compelling portrait of a teen as an unfinished being .
This is the first bad movie that has ever made me call for a sequel -- to get it all right .

@highlight

A surfeit of ideas contributes to Margaret 's excessive run time , but Anna Paquin does a admirable job of guiding viewers through emotional hell .