In adapting the visual style -LSB- from the graphic novel -RSB- , Wright smartly finds a way both to enhance it , while remaining true to the source material .
... an extremely intelligent film with several narrative surprises and truly hilarious moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Scott Pilgrim is not what you expect . It 's not what the marketing made you expect . It 's better than that . Funnier , sweeter , with eye-popping visuals and characters who feel so flawed and real they could be your own brother , sister , or friend .
Before the August arrival of Edgar Wright 's Scott Pilgrim vs. The World , the last youth comedy with any resonance was The House Bunny -LRB- 2008 -RRB- ...
A one-dimensional but amusing sugar rush of a movie .
Scott Pilgrim VS The World is a great action comedy with an interesting look at romance and teen culture ; the humorous tone of the film masks a much darker look at romance .
Edgar Wright 's Scott Pilgrim vs. The World adaptation cut its Adderall with pixie-stix ... to gleeful , great success .
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World is refreshing , unique , wildly entertaining and consistently funny . I have n't had this much fun while watching a movie in a long , long time .
While there have been numerous attempts by Hollywood to cash in on the popularity of video games , none of those films has felt true to the artistic and creative spirit of those games until now . This one gets it right .
The cast of Scott Pilgrim vs. the World represents the best young talent coming up in Hollywood today .
Full of fresh , sharp touches and nonchalantly brash performances , Scott Pilgrim vs. the World consistently hits the sweet spot .
It 's fresh , funny , inventive and unique .
Like the special effects , the characters are sketched out in tiresome cinematic shorthand , as if to reassure the viewer that this joyride really is n't worth thinking too hard about .
An unrelenting torrent of affectionate but biting music-scene satire , old-school Nintendo references , and cartoony depictions of post-adolescent love , Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a delight .
Frankly , us geeks have never had it so good : Scott Pilgrim Vs The World is modern cinema at its most exciting , and it belongs to us .
Edgar Wright and his crew had a daunting task in adapting this great material , but they were able to mix it together just right for the big screen , and have ultimately made one of the best films of the year .
The entire film works on just how much you are willing to accept its premise : if you 're fine with people developing amazing powers , characters talking directly to the camera and almost every other trick in the cinematic book , then you 'll do fine
A film that defines the video game generation and redefines the romantic comedy .
Scott Pilgrim will make your head explode . But in a good way , not with brains and stuff .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World becomes a fatal case of flash over substance . Pretty great flash , though .
While O'Malley 's storyline and dialogue are nearly intact for the film adaptation , Wright 's vision turns it into a riotous spoof of the films that made Cera a star .
Scott Pilgrim is a film where youth is power and power is music , video games , and confronting your exes with how great your current hook up is , but like most hipsters you meet , it is more impressed with itself than anything else
Proving that the geek shall inherit the earth ... cinema 's über-nerd Michael Cera -LSB- takes -RSB- on all comers in the quest for the girl of his dreams .
An almost overwhelming barrage of quirks , the adventures of Scott Pilgrim come at you at a million miles a minute but you wo n't mind because it 's so damn entertaining .
Essentially amounts to a case of what could have been .
Scott Pilgrim is refreshing in its lack of pretension and lack of smirking hipster irony . Instead we get something sweet , genuine , and dazzlingly well made .
Visually daring , ingenuous and extremely entertaining , Scott Pilgrim is virtually flawless .
An interesting statement on modern youths detachment from actual human emotions through the advent of technology ...
Not only one of the funniest movies of the summer ; its utilization of over-the-top special effects unintentionally puts it up there in the action-blockbuster category it so archly parodies .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- the funniest , most furiously action packed film of the year ; one certain to be beloved by all the boys and girls who share the same passions and foibles as its foolish hero -LRB- myself included -RRB- .
Video games taught a generation to fight for what you want
Some might see it as a great hipster parable , a postmodern epic for the Nintendo generation ; I think it 's simply a triumph of dizzying cinematic style , and it never misses a beat .
When your hero can just hit the reset button , it 's awfully hard to worry about him .
Maybe with a different lead actor and about 20 minutes of running time chopped from it , I might have enjoyed it more . Instead I laughed through parts , but was never emotionally drawn into any of it .
Fitfully entertaining and sometimes brilliantly silly -- just not really engaging , and occasionally objectionable .
I can only say that where some see shallowness , I saw a witty interplay of surfaces and style .
This movie is like the entirety of American youth culture crammed into a single package : It 's about love , alienation , video games , comic books , chord-grinding indie/punk rock , texting , dead-end jobs and evil ex-boyfriends .
This one 's geek heaven , a mash-up of comic books , computer games , grunge rock and slacker drama , all a little quicker and droller than anything of the kind before .
One of the more audacious and creatively conceived movies of the year though , at 32 , I felt a bit too old for it .
A film you either love or hate . I did n't love it .
Some of us always knew playing video games was cool . Now , thanks to Scott Pilgrim , everyone else does too .
The bombardment lasts for almost two hours and by the end of the film , we feel almost as exhausted as the characters .
It 's the old romcom story - boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy fights to win back girl . But it 's steeped in pop culture , especially video games , rock and comic strips .
It understands perfectly the lunacy of being of love -- how , at the same time , it clarifies and deludes , ennobles and fells us .
If ever a film was guaranteed not to disappoint its target audience , it was surely Scott Pilgrim Vs The World .
It could have been a noisy , flashy mess , but luckily it 's got heart , which makes it feel fun and unique , and more like a lo-fi , endearing mess instead .
An original , funny and clever film that 's an assault on the senses .
Precisely drawn hipster farce whose rich characters all have inner lives , motivations and tortuous backstories
A consistently entertaining parody of contemporary cultural foibles that are apparently too marginal to be satirized in comedies that actually make money .
Scott Pilgrim tries so hard to be loved that it ends up very trying indeed .
It 's a string of scenes , it 's a blur of faces , it 's a heaving great two-hour maelstrom of noise and punching . But it 's not a proper movie .
An instant zeitgeist classic and proud bearer of yet another Wright-icised genre , as undoubtedly the best King-Kong-Bob-Omb-Rom-Com you 're ever likely to see .
Hugely enjoyable , frequently funny action-pic-slash-romcom that perfectly recreates the manga meets video games vibe of the comics ...
It 's heartfelt , hilarious and a highly satisfying adaptation of the book . You do n't have to be a geek to adore it ; you just have to remember being young .
Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World is endearingly relatable precisely because it celebrates the ordinary , focusing far more on the foibles and frailties of the players than on the invincible avatars of a game .
Tarantino , without the extraneous dialogue .
The level-up , super fun , dance-dance , pop culture , max-combo , rock-n-roll romance video game film of , well , forever .
Nerd Nirvana ! Think Napoleon Dynamite on Red Bull . Inventive , quirky , and occasionally very funny .
In a cinematic battlefield full of Inceptions and Expendables , Scott Pilgrim vs The World takes on all comers and kicks ass . One of the best films of the year so far .
Scott Pilgrim plays its own tune .
Also versus coherence , versus maturation , versus real emotion ...
An energetic ode to youthful preoccupations , as well as a fun 21st century romance .
Sure , it 's visually whizzy and often very funny , but filmmaker Wright loses the story in the scuffle .
leaves no mediated stone unturned and tosses anything and everything into its conceptual blender with an infectious wild abandon
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a film full of sound and fury signifying WTF . It 's slick shtik .
What it does have is a very smart script and a tremendous amount of visual flair .
For those out of the loop , or too far removed from these characters ' headspace , the inventiveness of the film 's execution alone is not enough .
For all its videogame references , this -- like Wright 's previous films -- is at heart a genre satire , reinventing the John Hughes 1980s teen dramedy for the plugged-in , post-postmodern mashup generation .
Who can resist a story that self-checks its hipsterism ?
Slick , smart and audacious , it 's a film that anyone in their twenties who owns a Nintendo will be queuing around the block to see .
What if life were like a video game ? In ` Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , ' it is . And things are a lot more realistic , heart-wise , anyway , than you might expect .
It 's frothy and fun and , primarily , aimed at a teen or twentysomething audience who will identify with its world of lousy apartments and omnipresent roommates , gaming arcades , Goodwill stores , coffee shops and battles of the bands .
Scott Pilgrim vs the World could well become a cultural touchstone for the Tetris generation .
The real star of the show is Wright , who makes an effortless transition from ambitious Brit genre helmer to blockbuster auteur .
It 's loud and brash , but strangely endearing .
Adapted from Brian O'Malley 's comic-book saga with breakneck stylistic verve by Edgar Wright , Scott Pilgrim Vs The World is the ultimate geek wish-fulfilment flick .
Young adults of today are a different breed . Now they finally have a movie that serves as a giant metaphor for their experiences .
She has too many exes . They should have stopped at four , because it just means these repetitive fights that are the same and they 're all unbelievable and it becomes extremely tedious .
The film is -- perhaps surprisingly -- enjoyable , even for those of us who are a little more mature .
The first motion picture to successfully translate video game logic to cinema .
Edgar Wright Experiments with Video Game as Artistic Flourish and Succeeds Despite the Weakness in Structure and Cast .
Perfectly interprets the world of a slacker through the language of all the pop-culture slacker 's consume -LRB- games , comics , music -RRB- Also , it 's an epic nerd-splosion of pure molten awesome . FTW .
... a consistently watchable -LRB- yet all-too-superficial -RRB- piece of work .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World or its alternate title , `` Dude , Where 's My Attention Span ? ''
If only it was based on an actual video game . Then we could finally have ` the best movie based on a video game . '
Fresh , hilarious and effortlessly cool , Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is mandatory summer viewing . Every nerd , geek , freak , otaku and anyone who simply enjoys a good time at the movies should see this .
It may well be the most fun movie I 'll see in 2010 .
The director 's flair for both comedy and action is everywhere in evidence .
About half way through this film , I realised I had let my guard down . I was having too much fun . My critic 's hat had fallen off .
Writer-director Edgar Wright has created a pop art feel to his latest work and it is sure to polarise viewers . I liked the effect . I loved the film .
A 112-minute entertainment contraption -- celluloid that shapeshifts its frames into video games , comic books and sitcoms .
10 out of 10 . You win -- perfect !
A slick synthesis of graphic novel and cinema ... told in bold strokes and clever tropes . Though none of that would matter a gosh darn if it were n't also whomping crazy fun
A film that is a true gamechanger in every way , something so visually spellbinding and inventive that it really proves there is room out there for flat-out originality in mainstream cinema .
A crowning achievement in modern nerd culture , a brilliant blending of comic-book imagery , alt-rock music , video-game sensibilities , martial-arts moves and old-fashioned romance .
The best Michael Cera movie ever - but this is n't saying a lot as I have pretty much hated just about everything else he has done .
It is by turns zany , silly , and hilarious , and it features the best martial arts action ever seen in a non-Hong Kong film . Why , then , does the film so often fall flat ?
... an ambitious big screen cross-pollination of geek sheik and vintage rom-com . It 's The Matrix meets the Ghost of John Hughes . The action is way more than old NES-sy could muster , but in the end it 's too damn much .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is the movie that Kick-Ass wishes it could be when it grows up .
Pretty damn awesome . I was gleeful watching this film .
Just extraordinary filmmaking ... This is how you can use modern film techniques to create a fantasy world of wonder .
Wright packs each frame with so many nods , winks and nudges that he could be mistaken for a schizoid .
Perhaps those who lament the influence of comics and videogames on movies should instead decry the bad films themselves and not blame the source material .
The year 's best romantic comedy - so far - turns out to be so weirdly stylized that if you fall outside the 18-25 demographic you may find yourself scratching your head
The driving force is the snappy , witty script , one of the year 's best , and each actor completely buying into Wright 's camp-up-the-comedy kookiness .
A success and innovative achievement on every front . A film not to be missed not only because it sets a new standard for filmmaking , but because it 's a blast as well .
The audience is simply not part of the process . The movie has done all the thinking for you , and by not letting itself breathe , you 're excluded from an emotional reaction .
Like Billy Liar and The Secret Life of Walter Mitty , Scott Pilgrim is a pitch-perfect evocation of a youthful underachiever 's thrilling inner life .
Totally geeky .
Cast anyone else in the lead role and it might work . I assume the Scott Pilgrim of the graphic novels is actually masculine and has all the correct and working body parts .
There 's no director working today with a better sense of comic timing than Edgar Wright , who marries intelligent and funny writing and perfectly matched visuals with a savant-like skill .
Clearly a good director can take the palette of indecision , self-doubt and nerdiness Cera brings to the table and use it to paint some interesting shades of grey .
You need to take a step back to see the emotional heart of the story , an allegory of a generation struggling to exchange the solipsistic Xbox triumphs for awkward real-world love and empathy .
You wo n't see anything like this again for a long time . It 's an imperfect film that can get downright frustrating but it displays enough flashes of genius to warrant your time and demand your forgiveness of flaws .
Knowing self-mockery is the name of the game .
COCKINESS + 7 .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is awesome but it also makes you wonder if there 's more to movies than awesomeness .
The film 's surreal pacing and meandering plot require viewers to hang on tight or risk being left behind . Suspension of disbelief wo n't cut it -- you 'll need to actually demolish it if you want to keep up with the humour .
If you 're under 30 you 'll probably like Scott Pilgrim vs the World - if you 're over 40 you might think ` like , whatever . '
Audacious director Edgar Wright -LRB- Shaun of the Dead -RRB- throws a jolt of energy into the summer movie season with this imaginative and entertaining romp .
It 's a razzle-dazzle compendium of quick-draw humor , superhero stunts and gamer references wrapped around a teen dream love story , starring -- who else ? -- Michael Cera , the first genuine nerd superstar .
Has moments when it is laugh out loud funny and has some truly cool action scenes but it 's overdone , over the top and they are so darn smug and self-aware about everything . Ultimately suffers from gimmick overload .
A package of cinematic Pop Rocks , a neon-hued , defiantly non-nutritive confection that nonetheless makes you laugh at its sheer bold novelty .
... its highest ambition is to be the Napoleon Dynamite of 2010 .
Wright takes the tools of a bloodless medium , the video game , and crafts an action-comedy with a true-blue beating heart . So what if it 's built on 8-bit ?
While this universe may follow blipvert logic , the characters exhibit the same longing , desire , fear and hope that anyone who 's ever been in love has experienced .
Its speedy , funny , happy-sad spirit is so infectious that the movie makes you feel at home in its world even if the landscape is , at first glance , unfamiliar .
Once you understand its rhythms , it translates into a thrilling mash-up .
Scott Pilgrim vs The World is a mash up of pop culture from the past 40 years that 's wound up in a tight package and set to detonate .
One of the most completely entertaining films of the summer .
Clever , entertaining fantasy romance for gaming-era teens .
I have n't read a comic book in five years , and my gaming abilities center on the iPhone game `` Angry Birds , '' but I was smitten .
Simply put , it 's one of the most unique viewing experiences I 've ever had in my life .
It 's difficult to feel attached to it on anything other than an aesthetic level , but it is satisfactorily geeky , funny enough to recommend , and in the end not quite like anything else you 'll see in the cinema this year .
The first martial arts-romantic-comedy-action-adventure-fantasy-musical .
If a picture as gleefully vapid as this is what passes for a ` generational milestone ' in 2010 , we 're in trouble .
Summons that rarest of responses : It feels like something new .
... its tricky mix of tongue-in-cheek humor , fantastical battle scenes , romantic ballad-worthy swooning , and geeky signifying is , on the whole , a sweet and wondrous triumph .
I 've spent perhaps 27 minutes of my entire life playing video games , and about that much time reading comic books . Yet I liked every minute of ` Scott Pilgrim vs. the World . '
-LSB- Its -RSB- self-awareness is the saving grace . As long as nothing is taken seriously , everything is permitted , from leaps in logic to caddish heroes .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a dog-frequency movie : enjoyable only to those tuned in to its particular register .
I tried to love it . But after 20 minutes , I sensed I was intruding on the movie 's love affair with itself .
Visually cool , excellently quirky and exhilarating from start to finish with a frenetic pace that never stops .
The show is Wright 's , and he takes obvious and infectious relish in the goodies the books offer him .
`` Scott Pilgrim vs. the World '' arrives and the internerds who fell in love with the 2004 comic book , ahem , excuse me , graphic novel , rejoice . But the film is , like the comic 's creator , tragically Canadian . It 's `` Kick-Ass '' redux .
For most of its hour and 53 minutes , it 's a dazzling and thoroughly engaging ride through a fantasy world born of Wright 's -LRB- and O'Malley 's -RRB- vivid imaginations .
An infuriating exercise in geek-baiting populated by unlikable characters that grows more frustrating through its 113 minutes , Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is more like a feature-length adaptation of Reality Bites : The Video Game .
This is a romantic adventure for the ADD age , a pop poem for Millennials that could just as well be titled Scott Pilgrim '' vs. the Old Ways of Storytelling .
Be warned that you will not care one bit if the lead man and woman end up together , but you can still have a lot of fun watching them get there or not get there .
Add a tablespoon of 500 Days of Summer , a dash of Super Nintendo and a pinch of Street Fighter , and Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World is served . This movie is epic !
... the only real purpose the film could serve is as a kind of cultural litmus test - to winnow out those who do n't get it .
The film fuses an indie/punk rock sensibility with comic-book violence and video game energy , mixed with quirky humor and sassy pop culture references .
It 's as if Wright took equal parts video game culture , comic book culture and rock 'n' roll culture , and threw it all into one giant pop culture blender . In a good way .
Much like the graphic novels that inspired it , the movie is as much a love letter to video games as it is a smart romantic comedy .
A joyless and grating stab at creating a contemporary cult classic that is just as annoying and insufferable as the characters contained within and about as edgy as a trip to the auto department at Sears .
It 's so jam-packed with interesting characters , I actually wanted the film to be slightly longer than its 112 minutes .
It 's an obnoxious , navel-gazing , uproarious tribute to a life well wasted .
I bet ten years from now this will be the norm . For now , it 's almost revolutionary .
Anyone who dismisses this film as youth-pandering video game ephemera simply is n't looking closely enough .
A marvel of technical and screenwriting precision , an off-kilter comic delight .
Favouring style over substance is generally a deal-breaker in movies like this , but then again , it 's not often you see style this substantial .
Often funny , delightfully tongue-in-cheek , character-driven and wildly imaginative . It 's a refreshingly witty , diverting adventure that blends fantasy and realism while never taking itself too seriously .
Too schizophrenic for its own good , constantly interrupting and upending its narrative with melees containing all manner of attention deficit disorder tricks .
The movie tongues its cheek , raises its eyebrows , and nudges our elbow in every area except where it really counts .
Imaginative , fun & funny , and highly entertaining but ultimately a bit repetitive . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
By making sure the emotional relationships are grounded , no matter how extreme , silly or outlandish the rest of it all gets the central cast is relatable and believable almost no matter what .
As a piece of action/comedy filmmaking with plenty of retro winks , Wright can put another feather in his cap .
A pop-culture cocktail that is fun , funny and deliciously offbeat .
An impressive and ambitious achievement , one that manages to feel both meticulous in all its hilarious detail and at the same time , rambunctious and heartfelt .
Colourful , contemporary and akin to cinematic candy , Scott Pilgrim is continuously funny and endlessly inventive .
An unpeggable , one-of-a-kind slice of unorthodox cinematic heaven .
An instant cult movie , and while it certainly succeeds on that level and members of the cult will embrace it for that very reason , the uninitiated -- though impressed by its style -- will probably be more exhausted than delighted .
The fun is not so much in who wins or loses the girl -- it 's the playing that matters , and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World definitely has game .
Edgar Wright kicks the ass `` Kick-Ass '' merely grazed by creating a visual style that 's the first to really get into the Game Boy mindset ...
What 's the point of being clever if you 're just going to follow it up with enough flaming-sword action and exploding bad guys to make our pupils hurt ?
Wright uses split screens , slow and fast motion , violent edits and screen wipes to create an always moving and often disorienting world that will nonetheless be familiar to those who live and play in it .
Cramming every frame with as much visual and aural material as he can , Wright is a guy who gets all the neurons firing .
There are movies opening this weekend that nobody will care about in a year ; people will be packing theaters for revival screenings of Scott Pilgrim in 20 years .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is perhaps the closest any filmmaker has come yet to translating comic book material directly to the movie screen .
This kind of romance does n't require depth ; it 's juvenile , irrational , adventurous - while at the same time totally pertinent . And such is the spirit of Scott Pilgrim vs. the World .
I felt big , pink , fluffy L-O-V-E wafting from me toward the screen .
The style is Sega surrealism , the narrative strategy 30 % Bunuel and 70 % Bally ... . Wright throws things at us at such a fever pitch that the experience can be exhausting -LSB- but -RSB- the stuff he 's throwing is so funny ...
Splashy and stylish , it 's specifically geared for youthful , hyperactive viewers who are familiar with contemporary video game/comic book culture .
There 's only so much you can wring out of detachment .
Wright proves himself an expert technician with Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , surely one of the most visually dense pieces of pop cinema ever made .
the most mind-bending hipster obsessive delight since Baz Luhrmann turned Moulin Rouge into a Nirvana-spouting , synapse-shocking spectacle
Michael Cera elevates deadpan to an art , starring as a slacker turned action hero in this wildly inventive comedy .
I marveled at Wright 's utter disregard for stage business ; his characters never quite finish menial tasks like washing their hands . I reveled in the imaginative detours of the film 's transitions and garage-rock aesthetic .
I sympathize with the notion that movies can do more . But more than make us laugh ? There is no higher calling .
Why , given its moment-to-moment surplus of visual imagination , does the film feel so hollow and unsatisfying ?
Michael Cera makes Scott Pilgrim into an afterthought , so it ends up being Edgar Wright 's whiz-bang pop culture joy that 's the real star of this sweet , funny , exciting film .
The film may baffle regular citizens -LRB- and migraine sufferers -RRB- , but it welcomes geeks of all ages and obsessions to its circus tent .
A clever send-up of comic book and video games -LRB- circa 1990 -RRB- , this movie illustrates that writer/director Edgar Wright can rise to the next level .
This astonishing , exhilarating and funny movie has been fired directly from the world of comic books at the big screen with genre-smashing panache .
`` Scott Pilgrim '' devotes itself so firmly to re-creating the look of O'Malley 's saga that it forces and fumbles the feel , full of -LRB- indie-rock -RRB- sound and -LRB- kung-fu -RRB- fury , -LRB- emotionally -RRB- signifying nothing .
The movie is packed with characters and likable actors , and if you know the source it 's fun seeing how the filmmakers have cast to the cartoon .
Like an animatronic kitten that wo n't leave you alone , Scott Pilgrim vs. the World wins its audience over on adorable persistence .
Michael Cera makes for a fine action hero . And while I 'm at it , keep Brandon Routh as Superman !
Shallow ... repetitive ... Still : Being really funny and dorky-chic is the goal here and that 's exactly what Scott Pilgrim is .
At its best , Wright 's film is raucous , impudent entertainment .
It is a movie fueled by the lunatic inspiration of the very best games and cartoons , awash with stylistic flourishes and exhilarating , animé-inspired skirmishes that reflect the director 's passion for both .
Scott Pilgrim is about as perfect as it could be . The experience is like looking at a painting . You either instinctively like , dislike , loathe , or love what you are seeing .
Features a lot of old ideas presented in new ways , and that skewed approach manages to make both action and romance seem like the freshest things at the movies .
... an exhilarating burst of adolescence , a youth movement of wit , energy , ingenuity and sweetness .
Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is not like anything you 've ever seen before . Wright mixes the structure of musicals and action films to break up what starts out as a fairly naturalistic relationship comedy with wildly fantastical action fights .
Everything hinges on a character so shallow and self-absorbed he 's impossible to invest in
It may be that Wright has given us the best video-game inspired film yet .
So what if he passes the Herculean he-man test the story puts him through ? He still has all the sexual charisma of an untied shoelace . And even a woman who likes the soft touch ca n't do much with that .
Could Michael Cera be getting more vaporous with each repeat of his epicene screen persona ?
Wright keeps the cast and the film rigidly in line for such a wild ride , and it works .
The dialogue and the music keep you engaged , at least while the movie lasts .
It 's a true original .
Far and away the funniest movie of the summer .
This is an impressive , anarchic pastiche .
The calculation could be off-putting if the film was n't executed with such panache . Wright cuts the narrative to the bone , establishing a fast-slow rhythm that kills every time .
Scott Pilgrim is a breathless rush of a movie that jumps off the screen , spins your head around and then stealthily works its way into your heart .
I 'm rooting for the world .
Ignores the very charisma of the source material to mold something one-note and glossy ... clip reel of console carnage , more tuned into surface delights than treating O'Malley 's material with the sincerity and breadth it deserves .
These are people for whom slacking sounds too ambitious , in an alt-world where two-chord punk rock thrills chicks finding their identities in hair dye bottles ... Through it all Scott discovers who he is , and that 's just Michael Cera again .
To win her , he needs to duel her ex-boyfriends in fantasy sequences based on video games . Oh , great .
A zany and wildly creative comedy about the ups and downs of young love .
When you 're 45 minutes into a two-hour film and you 've only met two exes , you ca n't help but start calculating how quickly the rest will be apportioned .
It 's supremely annoying to see the ups and downs of romance reduced to archer-than-arch line readings and bloodless mortal kombat .
Twilight for boys ... It 's the indulgence of everything a not-quite-adult , no-longer-a-kid manchild could want from women ...
Wright 's speed and humor are authentic and irresistible . Let 's hope that 's not all his admirers see .
A frenzied 8-bit orgy of video game action , fuzzed-out rock and roll , and candyshop color . I entered the theater a man and left it a sugarbombed teenage girl . With a beard .
The only thing it proves is that nerds can be just as shallow and mean-spirited as bullies .
In the debate of video games as art , Scott Pilgrim vs. The World settles the dispute while breaking fresh new ground in the comic book movie and rom-com sub genres .
If you can stand massive doses of cute and clever , it 's a fine use for your summer-movie dollar .
Wright immerses his heroes in pop culture 's detritus and diversions , but does n't drown them in it . You do n't have to be dazzled or tickled by the movie , or get every joke , to be touched by it , too .
Potentially the most fun movie to come out this year -- a kinetic epic that both stands for and gently lampoons the generation it came from . Superheroes should be so lucky to get this treatment .
It 's audacious and youthful -- and a film that squarely targets geek culture and revels in it playfully .
Magical realism meets Mortal Kombat , as magical combat and mortal realism fire up a sweet , funny and blindingly original first-love tale .
The way it sets up and then sustains its internal logic and distinctive style is a remarkable achievement . It is also a consistently entertaining film from beginning to end .
Feels like the first movie aimed squarely at the gamer generation : those who have grown up with videogames as a fact of life and , in some cases , a reason for living .
An acid trip of surreal fantasy and hyper reality , Edgar Wright 's film takes a high concept approach to its interpretation of the graphic novels with a jumble of cinematic comic-book and video game inspiration with ninja sensitivities
Who cares if Scott winds up with Ramona , Knives , or anyone else ?
Cartoons , video games , comic books , action movies , music , girls : this is basically all I ever loved packed into two hours .
Cinema of the eternally pubescent hits a new low with director/co-writer Edgar Wright 's adaptation of Bryan Lee O'Malley 's graphic novel .
Scott Pilgrim is a young guy who has a serious identity crisis . And so does this movie . Which ca n't seem to decide whether it 's a flippant sketchy teen angst weepie , or your basic flamboyant movietoon . .
An imaginative package but one filled with too much cartoonish fighting .
The film is repetitive , top-heavy : Wright blows his wad too early . But a different lead might have kept you laughing and engaged .
Edgar Wright is cinema 's most inspired mash-up artist , and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World may be his finest hybridization to date , a romantic comedy recast as a mêlée-heavy video game .
An ambitious , wildly original action-comedy that could prove to be a game-changer for the comic book genre in the same way that James Cameron 's Avatar was for 3-D .
For its sheer sense of spectacle alone , Scott Pilgrim is a treat .
Another genius turn in Wright 's career and filmography -- destined to become a beloved classic among the under-30 ADD generation .
Another genius turn in Wright 's career and filmography , made even more impressive by how impossible this task must have seemed from the offset -- destined to become a beloved classic among the under-30 ADD generation .
This is a great movie from a great filmmaker . And people turn into coins when defeated . If that 's not a winning combination I do n't know what is .
A total blast . A wild comic journey into the head of a true original .
Dazzling , energetic , sharp and endlessly engaging .
A fizzy blast that may not offer many lasting rewards but certainly generates an impressive headlong rush along the way .
An example of attention-deficit filmmaking at both its finest and its most frustrating .
This is a discouragingly limp movie where nothing is at stake .
A generational milestone .
Flawless victory .
an ambitious , one-of-a-kind , fully-realized , smart , sensitive and satisfying work of cinema
There 's not one moment in the entire movie that is n't shot or edited from a `` never quite seen that before '' perspective .

@highlight

Its script may not be as dazzling as its eye-popping visuals , but Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is fast , funny , and inventive .