Patrick Stewart is flat-out awesome in the role of a Neo-Nazi , and will undoubtedly be the selling point of Green Room
Stewart is splendidly sinister as the club owner , while writer-director Jeremy Saulnier certainly knows what he 's doing .
... for those willing to give it a shot it offers a rare experience , combining the kind of meticulous craftsmanship we expect from arthouse cinema with the hocking , terrifying violence we associate with exploitation films .
-LSB- Saulnier 's -RSB- biggest flaw is in storytelling : You can understand a thriller like this not wanting to get bogged down in details , but that does n't mean you can just ignore them .
What happens in Green Room ai n't right , but you 'll find that you are in bloody good hands .
It 's fast , bloody , and , when you least expect it , hilarious .
A movie whose most horrifying concept is that these days , it does n't seem that far fetched .
Green Room may be perceived as needlessly and excessively nihilistic ; instead , Saulnier 's film is gloriously unpredictable , a unique thriller that rips up the rule book whilst paying deliriously gory tribute to it .
These days , it seems like there 's enough darkness in the world without turning to the cinema for a steady diet of mutilation and pain .
A movie that will get your heart thumping , and your adrenaline rushing .
For a film that repeatedly questions the legitimacy of its punk rocker heroes , Saulnier 's second salvo is the real deal : a ferocious siege movie that cuts straight to the bone .
The setting is claustrophobia inducing , the shooting artful , and the tension unremitting .
Green Room is a strangely involving as any movie contained by the bloody hillbilly-attack genre .
The dialogue is flat , the plot lacks coherence and the characters are underwritten .
I understand the appeal of vicarious brushes with death , I just do n't share it .
Saulnier evidently wanted to provide audiences with a bad trip , but sometimes a bad trip is indistinguishable from a backward step , or simply a dead end .
For a mess , it 's lively . But from Saulnier we 'd have liked something more .
The performances are good , and the punks ' squabbles and mistakes are an extra source of unpredictability in the film 's piecemeal but generally effective series of bloodthirsty tussles .
Insists that we deal , directly , with the reality that people capable of the most barbaric awfulness are just as human as you or I .
A disturbing and chaotic tale of class warfare and cold , calculating evil .
As wild and violent as Sid Vicious was . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Green Room is a memorable thriller , and I ca n't wait to see what Saulnier does next .
Tense , taut and brutal ...
In Green Room , Jeremy Saulnier masterfully creates a brutal and relentless thriller that deftly subverts expectations while continually raising the stakes for everyone involved-two earmarks of great storytelling .
A savage little siege movie , but one that 's filled with convincing character details .
Its go-for-broke horror aesthetic a real world cavalcade of terror that had me noticeably shaking long after the film itself had come to an end .
Green Room is an electrifying genre-bending blast .
Saulnier an essential filmmaker to follow .
Fists up , knives out and guns cocked -- one of the films of 2016 .
Green Room is unsparing in its brutality and unsentimental in its treatment of its protagonists . When the violence finally gets going , things get ugly , quickly .
Green Room is top notch entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A gore festival in the spirit of the B-movies made by John Carpenter , Walter Hill and early Peter Jackson . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If his last film was powerful but lacked elegance and efficiency , all of that has been fixed for Green Room . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the first minutes you can tell there 's energy , pleasure , rage and mistery . This is the work of a director that know how to make you feel something . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A violent exercise in tension and thrills .
Pulsates on the collision of youth and violence with unrelenting execution of slasher/siege elements .
The setup is straight out of an exploitation film , but the thrills are n't cheap , and there are no plot twists for twists ' sake . The action is potent and shocking .
Rarely has a film captured the terror of imminent bloodshed with this kind of frenzied , animalistic intensity .
As a survival tale with wickedly nasty violence and pitch-black humour , Green Room is a red hot success .
Saulnier revels in the primal nastiness of what the will to live looks like in the most dire of circumstances while also infusing the film with a level of visual artistry and black humor that suggests he is capable of much more .
Where Blue Ruin announced Saulnier , Green Room is his career breakthrough .
Saulnier 's quiet dynamic ratchets up the tension before bursts of horror-like mayhem make clear that they are fighting merely to stay alive , not to make a point .
Joins the canon of `` under siege '' movies ... not with louder bangs , scarier invaders or more bloodshed but with originality , wit and subversion .
The epitome of movie rock and roll .
Naturally , the nightmare gets out of hand by the finale and the body-count is high , but getting there is devilish fun .
... a controlled affair ...
Saulnier delivers relentless , foot-to-the-floor thrills worthy of John Carpenter 's Assault on Precinct 13 .
An intense siege movie that gives familiar tropes a blistering makeover courtesy of a precision-engineered plot , a thorough understanding of the world in which it 's set and a gnarly and uncompromising approach to violence .
How can you resist a film that , metaphorically , throws Simon & Garfunkel , Fugazi and Slayer into the same moshpit ?
Smartly cast , Stewart brings an almost Shakespearean edge to the drama , delivering lines such as `` all is for nought '' in the manner of a theatrical king surveying the devastation of a five-act tragedy .
Like being trapped in a mosh pit full of demented punk rockers , Green Room will kick your ass , leaving you beaten , changed and a little bit traumatised . You 'll have had a hell of a time , though .
Green Room is one of those rare horror movies that actually gets better rather than worse as it proceeds .
Saulnier 's undoubted skills as a director just about outweigh his fondness for gore .
Green Room is a nasty , cold-hearted , claustrophobic film with moments of gratuitous violence and sick comedy . I liked it much more than Almost Famous .
In its best moments Green Room reminds you of the sweaty , tightly controlled tension that John Carpenter achieved in early films like Assault On Precinct 13 .
While Green Room goes slightly daft towards the end , the brutality and adrenaline you experience along the way more than make up for it .
Destined to become a Friday night favourite .
The contrast between the pastoral setting and shocking blood-letting creates lots of breathless tension , putting Green Room in good company with down-and-dirty siege flicks like Assault on Precinct 13 and especially Straw Dogs .
-LSB- A -RSB- dourly aggressive , in-your-face thriller .
A pulverising piece of Seventies-style grindhouse exploitation , stitched together from the body parts of John Boorman 's classic Deliverance and John Carpenter 's siege thriller Assault on Precinct 13 .
This is a powerhouse piece of indie cinema : tense , gripping , intelligent and gut wrenchingly violent .
For all the shock value of the explicit gore , the horror is n't the kind that lingers . Still , it 's fun while it lasts -- that is , presuming you have a reasonably morbid idea of fun .
Nasty , nerve-wracking and not for the squeamish .
A grueling experience , viscerally suspenseful , inspiring in me a mighty clench in my seat .
It 's all put together with great skill , but never quite manages to deliver more than its modest , stripped-back story will allow .
`` Green Room '' is harrowing , but it lacks humor . Fans of extreme violence and gore will be sated .
Saulnier gets props for creating a claustrophobic horror film that delivers some hardcore goods . It builds tension well and does n't flinch from effective gore .
Intense but generally unimaginative .
Scrape off the scum , and you 'll find Green Room full of visual artistry , dark humor , smart writing , and glints of humanity .
The most hardcore film of the year , Green Room , is 95 minutes of pure , unbridled Mosh Pit Cinema .
It 's a zombie movie - without zombies . Instead , Jeremy Saulnier 's follow-up to Blue Ruin , his breakout piece of hillbilly genius , features a different brand of walking dead : neo-Nazi skinheads .
Foregrounds the anti-urban racial isolationism implicit to the inbred rural killer clans of ` Chain Saw ' and the like ...
Short on depth but long on visceral thrills , it 's Old Testament moviemaking , with the adage about an eye for an eye expanding to also include arms , legs , torsos and , once killer dogs are introduced , even jugulars .
Jeremy Saulnier 's ` punks vs. Nazis ' film is thrilling , visceral , and intense , including a wicked performance by Patrick Stewart .
A lot of movies get under your skin ; Green Room carves it off the bone .
Perhaps Green Room is part of a conspiracy to keep gullible California slackers from moving up the coast .
Influenced by exploitation movies of the 1970s -LRB- and punk music of the 1980s -RRB- , this horror-thriller is rooted in a gripping , grisly kind of realism .
`` Just an ugly , ugly film , in more ways than one '' -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
It takes a while for the solid premise to unravel ... and for the better portion of its running time Green Room functions as a highly effective thriller .
`` Green Room '' is a violent , at times , thought-provoking addition to the emerging hipster tough sub-genre of films .
When is a tense , claustrophobic chiller a bit of a letdown ? When it 's from the director behind the best movie sleeper of the past five years .
It 's a delightfully cruel work of high tension , perfect in just how quickly and easily it gets under your skin .
-LSB- Saulnier -RSB- has a gift for creating nail-biting tension and gets superb performances from his cast , but storywise he paints himself into a corner from which he ca n't escape .
Green Room will sometimes make you flinch , but it will never leave you uninterested .
Green Room launches you into this grungy world of punk music filled with Nazis and fuses it with the viciousness found in The Grey along with the dilapidated ambiance of SLC Punk for an experience that is terrifically unforgettable .
It does n't take a big budget and loads of special effects to create a genuinely scary movie . It just takes - as writer/director Jeremy Saulnier ably demonstrates in Green Room - an intriguing premise , a taut , sinewy script and a solid cast .
The violence is intense and visceral . And while it may be a familiar formula , Saulnier 's cast is top-notch , his writing is sharp , and it is n't long before you realize that no one 's survival is guaranteed .
Saulnier crafts a gruesome setup as simple as is it inevitable .
The real treat is watching the classically trained Stewart , whose harrowing performance gives this raw , edgy , awesomely impressive , little hard-hitting punk-rock movie even more of a visceral kick .
Bloody violence and a shouty soundtrack make this a grisly DIY treat .
-LSB- Saulnier does -RSB- everything right : the cast , the music , the editing , the way he leads you one way and then clobbers you -LRB- and some of his ill-fated characters -RRB- when you -LRB- and they -RRB- are least expecting it .
The production does n't offer much in the way of originality but it 's a tense 90-minute ride that will result in elevated pulses , increased respiration , and white knuckles .
Green Room is a relentless thriller
`` Green Room '' sustains a bleak intensity unrivaled in recent thrillers - or horror movies , for that matter -- that gains potency from its pure plausibility .
-LSB- An -RSB- intelligent , mordantly funny , unrelenting siege thriller .
We ca n't ask for more from this genre , and we often get much less .
Jeremy Saulnier 's little genre gem is simply told and smartly executed , with a little bit of everything , from snarling dogs to bloody murder to the innate fear evoked by the backwoods .
`` Green Room '' delivers a sharp punk aesthetic , but its real soul is pure lumbering death metal .
Fear brings out the truth , even in would-be punks . And there is a lot of fear in `` Green Room . ''
Sualnier tucks genuine mysteries into the plot , but gives a sly wink to genre tropes like do n't - go-there basements as he keeps you on edge and guessing .
Compared to Saulnier 's superior ` Blue Ruin , ' this is a bit of a disappointment ... another violent thriller , but compared to the former film it 's curiously simple in terms of narrative , and the director 's solemn approach works less effectively as a result .
Green Room has a raw , unflinching spirit to it - one that 's always exciting to watch , despite the brutality of it all .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Saulnier elevates the ordinary into a tense game of punk rock cat-and-mouse that 's only leavened slightly by a dark sense of humor .
A tense thriller you wo n't want to miss .
Every edit , camera movement and line of dialogue in the movie propels it toward its inevitable bloody end .
a cinematic text book on how to make such a film
The movie viciously transforms from a semi-hokey portrayal of a struggling punk band to a gritty survival-horror flick that keeps you transfixed till the bitter end .
Genre fans will appreciate the craft and intelligence with which Saulnier 's assembled his movie -- when they 're not digging their nails into their thighs .
Dizzyingly crafted , shocking from start to finish . It 's also a wonderful reminder of Saulnier 's developing talents and his ability to summon incredible tension .
Even if the foundation of Saulnier 's film feels familiar and the plot trips itself up unecessarily , it is a thoroughly satisfying -- though thoroughly violent -- thrill ride .
Punk rock is all about catharsis , but `` Green Room '' is a masterpiece of sustained tension , keeping viewers twisting in their seats as they wonder where the next threat will come from and how the Ai n't Rights will survive .
Saulnier 's script unfolds with airtight logic and tick-tock tension , and his direction is forceful yet efficient .
... soulful exploitation cinema .
Welcome to the spooky , ultra-violent world of writer-director Jeremy Saulnier , as he gets his John Carpenter on by sending his plucky group of actors into a bloody game of last man -LRB- or woman -RRB- standing .
Although this film 's subject matter may be scruffy and disreputable , Green Room does engage ideas about trust and cooperation and improvisational thinking . All of which should put you near the edge of your seat as you watch this gripping thriller .
This smart , stomach-turning look at what happens when you find yourself way over your head will go down as a well-deserved , punk rock classic .
Remarkably ambitious and anxiously taut from its opening shots to its closing , the success of Green Room is n't found in its jump scares or gore -LRB- although both are plentiful -RRB- but in its realistic approach to both .
Blue Ruin , Green Room ? They 're both bloodbaths . Jeremy Saulnier is breakout splatter-movie auteur . Stewart is terrifying .
Relentlessly primal
Expertly crafted cold-sweat terror ... . an intense , explosive nightmare .
Just might be the kind of punk horror movie you never knew you always wanted , catalyzing disparate elements into a heady , bloody , loud stew of horror macerated with hardcore .
The setup is as elemental as a campfire story but `` Green Room '' dresses it anew .
Jeremy Saulnier 's Green Room is a ferocious , relentless thriller ...
Saulnier gave us the sharply detailed , offbeat art house thriller Blue Ruin in 2013 . Here , he replaces complex character motivation with simple survival instincts , and winds up in a room far more red than green .
This is one smart chiller .
A riotous , rough-hewn and rousing punk reinvention of '70s - style grindhouse exploitation-with-a-brain-cinema .
Anyone looking for the ferocious originality , and unexpected humanity , of `` Blue Ruin '' will be disappointed by Saulnier 's uninspired cover version of a song we all know .
The characters are picked off in predictable order , and a neo-Nazi angle leads to a dead end . Patrick Stewart is miscast as the skinheads ' leader , his theatricality clashing with the other actors ' realism .
One of the most brutal , visceral films to come along in quite some time .
Even when the movie is a challenge to follow , the plot is propulsive , and the tone is right .
About as thrilling as a fried grasshopper canapé .
`` Green Room '' is one nasty piece of work . And I mean that in a good way .
Saulnier does n't shy away from some teeth-clenching , peek-through-the-fingers , savagery , but the film excels in how he 's laid out his game .
Gathers up -LSB- Blue Ruin 's -RSB- earlier promise and just goes sick with it , taking an intentionally stripped-down premise and jacking it up to ferocious speeds .
Saulnier wears influence lightly , not limited to Night of the Living Dead , Assault on Precinct 13 , Die Hard and Straw Dogs .
an extended knife-twist at a screw-turning pace
Somewhere in its black little heart , it has something interesting to say about human resiliency and the reckless moral code of youth . And at just over 90 minutes , it never overstays its welcome .
One screenplay riff , on the taking of good advice , is piquantly memorable , but Saulnier 's clever methods are insubstantial and the movie 's stakes , though mortal , seem slight .
Green Room is more than just a torture porn film ; it 's a hardcore punk show .
A lack of character depth and narrative surprise renders it a well-acted genre exercise .
Green Room proves to be an exquisitely crafted love letter to John Carpenter , and the rare horror ensemble that gives as much care to the villains as to the victims .
Totally brilliant . Like an episode of `` The Walking Dead '' directed by Akira Kurosawa or Sam Peckinpah .
A total and abject cop-out , artfully composed and utterly comatose .
A throaty , thrashing , spit-slinging punk tune belted through an invasion movie microphone at max volume . It 's nasty-and near-perfect .
Saulnier has his finger on the pulse of the audience throughout the entire flick , and his understanding of genre filmmaking is a force to be reckoned with .
Green Room is a smart , sick and suspenseful thriller that is perfect for a night out with friends .
Unlike other genre directors , Saulnier takes his time setting things up , so we get to know the characters first - particularly Alia Shawkat as Sam , and Anton Yelchin as Pat .
Bloody good ...
`` Green Room '' may be too schematic to fully capture the essence of its characters ' groddy milieu , but it 's also economically paced , and gorgeous .
A shabby white-power outpost in the Oregon boondocks becomes a grim last stand for a nomadic band of college-age punk rockers in the demonically gripping `` Green Room . ''
Mr. Saulnier certainly could have done more , but he succeeds perfectly well within the limited terms he has set for himself .
The film 's `` punk versus skinheads '' hook gives it the quality of a blood-spattered graphic novel , but there 's a sophistication to the writing and direction that transcends brute conflict .
A potent thriller/horror hybrid and further proof of Jeremy Saulnier 's directing prowess , even if its ending ca n't quite match the preceding excellence .
Green Room is way more than crass exploitation . It 's a B movie with an art-house core .
Green Room is a vicious , grisly , suspenseful roller-coaster ride with a razor-sharp safety bar , and you are going to get cut .
It 's a genre picture and also a sly dissection of a genre picture .
Jeremy Saulnier 's Green Room is a white-knuckle thriller that flirts with becoming something approaching a comedy of errors .
Taut and brutal , the movie reminds us that Saulnier is a gifted storyteller , able to establish character histories and interpersonal relations with the briefest of exchanges or gestures .
It 's terrifying how little modulation it takes for -LSB- Stewart 's -RSB- comforting baritone to convey utter hopelessness .
The 95 minutes are so enthralling and fly by so fast that it 's got a rollercoaster effect . It 's hard to come down from the adrenaline rush and think of anything else besides experiencing it again .
This never comes close to boring , and contains more than enough memorable , cover-your-eyes nastiness to please the late-night crowd .
Although Green Room has more scope and technical ambition than Blue Ruin , artistically it takes a giant step back .
Saulnier gets lots of laughs and builds plenty of suspense in this effective -LRB- if gory -RRB- little tongue-in-cheek sleeper .
Good lord is it tense .
Jeremy Saulnier 's Green Room is an impeccably crafted cinematic torture machine - in the best possible way .
The film has a smart grasp on the hand-to-mouth lifestyle of road dogs , and a stronger sense of the lingo and sweatbox atmosphere of divey punk bars .
The lean , mean Green Room stands as one of the best B-movie genre exercises in many years -- whether it adds up to anything more than just a brilliantly done rollercoaster ride is more debatable .
Green Room is a gloriously grisly free-for-all , a redneck Diehard meets Straw Dogs with an old school exploitation aesthetic that sacrifices depth for demented thrills .
You ca n't have a siege thriller without a siege , and Green Room is certainly among the genre 's finest examples .
The outsized circumstances end up making it funnier , too -- the film has a kind of locked-jaw sardonic sense of humor that is the perfect counterbalance to its moody camerawork and soundtrack .
Only a limited number of things can happen in this kind of movie , of course , but Saulnier manages pace , tone and storytelling so adroitly that you wo n't quite expect any of them to happen when they do , or even how .
It 's brilliant but unpleasant , but genius , but miserable , and so on and so forth .
What makes Green Room more than just a giddy , gory slice of gonzo B-movie mayhem ... is both its ace cast and the vise-tightening mastery of the man pulling the strings behind the camera .
Generates some serious stakes and maximum suspense .
A slasher pic that fails on most levels : production values , music , dialogue , performance , clarity of purpose
Good or bad depends on whether one cares to watch such raw hysterical darkness , and whether it is worth watching . Against the tide , this voice crying in the wilderness says , no , it is n't .
The film is an unambiguous endorsement of violent revolt as the only effective response to such inhuman savagery .
Jeremy Saulnier 's wickedly entertaining follow-up to Blue Ruin makes a big impression by staying small .
A shock-rock bullet train of a thriller that 's likely to grow in esteem even faster than `` Blue Ruin '' has . -LSB- Writer-director -RSB- Jeremy Saulnier has arrived .
-LSB- In -RSB- Jeremy Saulnier 's near-perfect nugget of a siege thriller ... -LSB- g -RSB- raphic scenes of carnage are doled out sparingly but unflinchingly , while cinematographer Sean Porter gives each high-stakes encounter ... a palpable sense of vintage nastiness .
This is masterful film-making and Green Room does n't pull any punches . In fact , it 'll grab you by the throat and refuse to let go until the credits roll .
Stylishly directed and impressively acted , this is a gripping , grisly , gory gift for genre fans . Saulnier 's next film ca n't come soon enough .
An adrenaline-driven nail-biter of a third feature from Jeremy Saulnier .
Less psychological and more formulaic than his previous feature , this is still relentlessly entertaining .
While Green Room features a number of ingeniously crafted set pieces , it quickly winds up as an excessive , borderline pornographic revelry in extreme violence .
Saulnier has created a film as exhilarating as it is excruciating .
With its tight , economic storytelling , Green Room keeps things simple and scary .
-LSB- Sundance 2016 -RSB- A film of poisonous lineages and the evil that good men and beasts learn , `` Green Room '' has something more to say beyond being a bloodily decisive genre work .
An incendiary performance from Patrick Stewart fuels a stunning film , not for the faint of heart .
Visually and thematically Saulnier is treading on familiar ground , but he 's one of the best at it right now .
What makes Green Room 's premise so thrilling is how much it lets these characters lead the action -- sometimes into dangerous dead ends .
A siege film with believable characters & witty dialogue ... shows regular folk just trying to get by in impossible circumstances . It also slyly exposes the low motives underlying some of the more extreme ideologies in America 's culture wars .
So nerve-shredding , it will make your whole body hurt .
Like Blue Ruin , Green Room is both unflashy and brilliantly constructed .
Blue Ruin 's Jeremy Saulnier is back with a smart , savage , dryly funny horror flick that has something to say about all-too-human monsters . No spoilers !
A meticulously morbid and deviously entertaining piece of low-budget/high-quality action filmmaking .
Jeremy Saulnier has a special talent for making violence looks as uncomfortable as it really is , yet compelling you to want to see more .
Green Room is a punishing masterpiece built on aggression , tension , and grimy punk-rock filmmaking , with a heavy emphasis on artistry and emotion .
Jeremy Saulnier 's disappointing followup to 2013 's superb Blue Ruin ...
Like Blue Ruin before it , part of the beauty of Green Room is that it feints like it 's going to be a festival indie before becoming a balls-to-the-wall action thriller that treats introspection like leprosy .
Green Room is a relatively simple film on paper , but it never feels over-written or cheaply sensationalized . We feel like the choices being made are genuine , human and real .
Incredibly tense action-thriller , with superb acting and several iconically grisly moments .
Th -LSB- e -RSB- naturalistic Confederate Gothic atmosphere is the most distinctive element of the film , an effective if largely predictable nightmare -LRB- in a vindication-of-the-formula sort of way -RRB- .
Green Room proves playfully unpredictable to the very last frame . Perhaps the only thing more exciting than waiting to see what transpires is waiting to see what Saulnier does next .
What begins as a nail-biting thriller effortlessly segues into carnage , replete with ripped throats and wounds that seek to redefine the word ` gaping ' .
There 's also a thick vein of dark humour that runs through the film which never turns it into a comedy but keeps some of the nastier moments -LRB- and boy , are they nasty -RRB- from turning it into torture porn .
Littered with clever dialogue , a beautifully constructed narrative , as well as moments that shift between the energizing and sheer terror , there are a slew of endearing qualities worth sifting through .
This is a lean , undemanding popcorn movie and better for it .
The result is an exciting , splattery , funny genre movie that somehow never once feels disposable , and one that should prove a midnight movie delight for some time to come .
As action , it 's niftily executed , the suspense neatly built , and the shocks expectedly surprising .
Smart , scary and with a spurting vein of blood-soaked black humour .
Characterization and emotional investment , however , are in disappointingly short supply , while crucial tension is permitted to dissipate in an anti-climactic final third .


@highlight

Green Room delivers unapologetic genre thrills with uncommon intelligence and powerfully acted élan .