The Nightmare is a tremendously successful film on many levels .
The Nightmare squanders -LSB- its -RSB- subject in a shallow , messy and frustrating documentary that tends towards the pseudo-intellectual and paranoid .
Few non-fiction films pack the affective punch of The Nightmare , which seeks to turn viewers into mirror images of its terror-stricken subjects .
An intriguing feature , but one that ends up dulling your senses with repetitive talking heads and recreated scenarios .
The Nightmare is a completely singular work of documentary , unseen before to this degree of craftsmanship .
Both the re-creations and the interviews themselves are filmed for maximum spookiness .
It 's compelling viewing , as well as disturbing as hell . Honestly , who needs the spectres of Insidious : Chapter 3 when our own brains are capable of scaring us half to death .
Alongside the personal struggles recounted here is that wider shift of perspective that every documentary maker longs to achieve .
Watching this overegged hybrid docu-horror investigation of sleep paralysis , I found myself fighting the urge to snooze .
Ascher should be making actual horror movies .
While Ascher brings the experiences to life in a way that could conceivably induce nightmares in casual viewers , the potency of these scenes is ultimately diminished by repetition .
An interesting if ethically dubious documentary .
Ascher makes a persuasive case that it is the physiological phenomenon of sleep paralysis that has created the nightmare tropes now commonplace in art and literature : they are recognisable , diagnosable symptoms .
The experiences and stories - which have all been gathered from the US and UK - are extremely similar and , while initially frightening , the effect is quickly eroded by repetition .
While there is a well-maintained sense of lurking discomfort , the gotcha scenes feel a little cheap .
Part talking head film , part Crimewatch dramatisation , The Nightmare is certainly effective .
as 8 people are interviewed about their sleep paralysis , Ascher -LRB- himself a sufferer -RRB- also reproduces their described experiences on screen , blurring the boundaries between documentary material and vividly , often terrifyingly realised horror tropes .
This experiment is frustratingly flat and superficial : a mishmash of a horror movie a and shrink appointment that never really terrifies , nor delves into the cross-cultural and psychological aspects of the affliction .
Unerring in how it puts us in sufferers ' positions , making us feel their terror in palpable , convulsive ways .
It takes longer for The Nightmare 's larger point to emerge . When it does , it 's chilling .
The Nightmare is a chilling and hair-raising look at a hideous monster that most are unable to see or even conquer . Its haunting imagery will leave you breathless .
Whatever dread is evoked by the interviewees is undercut by -LSB- the -RSB- reenactments , which seem so overtly cinematic in the worst way .
It just is n't as informative as it could be . It 's plenty scary , and on that level satisfying . It would be great to see Ascher make a full-on horror feature .
In the faces of these men and women , ranging in age from their 20s to their 40s and spread out everywhere from Los Angeles to Manchester , you can see the genuine terror they suffered - and , in some cases , continue to suffer .
An educational viewing experience , touching on a subject that 's not widely understood , sure to play best with audience members who 've experienced some form of sleep paralysis .
The Nightmare does n't settle on giving us the willies . It wants to shake us up , to actually leave us restless ... It 's a cleverly manipulative piece of nonfiction .
The Nightmare grazes its subject but never truly dives in .
Ascher plunges us into the actual visions that sleep paralysis creates : the moving silhouette figures , the darkness , the static . The sense of terror is palpable .
While Ascher 's attempts to visualize their nightmares are sometimes genuinely disturbing , the really scary part is watching how ordinary people , when faced with the inexplicable , begin to rationalize their visions and lose their grip on reality .
Ascher is too content to let repetition of experience take over his film . No sleep studiers or brain experts or anybody else , for that matter , are interviewed .
While `` Room 237 '' sought evidence for its most outlandish conceits , `` The Nightmare '' declines to delve . As the testimonies grow repetitive , the strategy suggests willful ignorance .
Less a straight doc than a psycho-cinematic inquiry into unknown territory , it 's really something to see . Whether it 's something to believe is another matter .
The Nightmare probes its participants ' minds without finding anything particularly revealing or , ultimately , that frightening .
This movie should have made me afraid to go to sleep , but in fact I could n't wait .
Ascher 's is the only reality film that has ever made me jump and howl in freaked-out horror - twice !
The scariest movie of the year is a documentary . The last movie you ever want to think about before bedtime .
The Nightmare finds Ascher asserting himself much more boldly as a filmmaker : This is documentary horror , not just a documentary about a horror .
It 's one thing to be tormented . It 's another thing to face the grim reality that you 're tormenting yourself .
It 's all fascinating and eerie , but also a bit repetitive .
The lighting of the interviews is richly imagined to no cumulative impact . Where 's the freakout ? I could breathe , but I did n't want to !
A film that reveals the probes-and-saucers narrative as an of-its-era re-skinning of an even more pervasive phenomenon , one all mental : sleep paralysis .
A fascinating and creepy experience that will have you praying you never know what sleep paralysis feels like .
Neither as frightening as a good horror flick nor as enlightening as a straight documentary .
As in Rodney Ascher 's previous film , Room 237 , the subject of obsession is complemented by a despairing attempt to process it , corral it , and somehow conquer it .
This fascinating film purports to explore the phenomenon of sleep paralysis -- but it 's really about how people try to make sense of the inexplicable around them .
Frightening and fascinating , The Nightmare takes a scary subject and puts you right into the mindset of the people suffering from it by treating this story as much as a horror movie as it does a documentary .
The Nightmare exhausts whatever built-in intrigue it has by at least the third or fourth more-or-less identical retelling .
Even when the effects are intentionally DIY , these sequences contain surprising jolts and are marvelously effective in portraying dream logic .
Spooky .
The resulting set-pieces are as scary as anything in a fictional horror movie .
A nonfiction film more frightening -LRB- yet strangely entertaining -RRB- than most of today 's narrative horror films .
The Nightmare is guaranteed to produce plenty of real nightmares for audiences caught in its blood-red gaze .
The Nightmare hovers in a place between dreamlike sensations and reality , which grounds its focus .
I 'm sure sleep paralysis is truly horrifying to the people who experience it . A documentary filled with cheesy re-enactments of it is not .
Rodney Ascher 's follow-up to ` Room 237 ' is a unique hybrid of documentary and horror-thriller .
The Nightmare had the chance to shed light on a disturbing medical condition , but settles instead for repetition , unnecessary directorial flourishes , and too many unreliable narrators .
Lacks any real insight into this phenomena or scares .
`` The Nightmare '' can be deeply distressing and blood-curdling , and it can be a little silly , too .
Rather than offer medical experts , psychoanalytic studies , or neurological research , The Nightmare plunges viewers into the spooky depths of its subjects ' upsetting bedtime experiences .

@highlight

Part documentary , part thriller , The Nightmare works just well enough in both respects to deliver a uniquely disturbing viewing experience .