An angry and noisy romp that left this reviewer feeling cold .
Always feels fake .
The results are so delightful you ca n't help hoping Law lets his hairline recede and gym membership expire .
Dom Hemingway lives or dies by the audience 's identification with its protagonist .
Jude Law gives a bravura performance as the title character , but you ca n't escape the feeling that this 2013 crime comedy-drama could have been either funnier or more dramatic .
In his attempt to build a story around a two-dimensional character , writer/director Richard Shepard has ended up with a meandering mess of clichés that was in desperate need of some originality .
Law tears into his role like he 's like one of Shakespeare 's most scabrous lost characters somehow unleashed in the modern world , and he clearly relishes the grit and the gristle .
When the movie takes a break from its tone of merry obnoxiousness to strain for poignancy , it settles too easily into sentimentality .
He 's not the kind of guy you 'd want to date your daughter . Neither , for most , is he the kind of guy you 'd want to spend 90 minutes with in a movie theater .
Jude Law is great , sure , but Dom Hemingway remains a character in search of a story , uttering sentences in search of a script .
I unreservedly love Richard Shepard 's Dom Hemingway , and I strongly urge everyone with a taste for quirky , dark crime comedy of the British variety to beat a path to it .
I 've always been on the fence about Law . For every Gattaca or Closer , there are a handful of The Holidays and Cold Mountains to contend with . But if Dom is n't his best performance , it 's certainly his funniest .
Law absolutely relishes the opportunity to strip away any semblance of his former ` sex symbol ' status to embody this ape of a man . His chest beating , hard drinking , fourth wall breaking , libidinous freak needs to make up for lost time .
The brutal emotions of the script mixed with the untethered performances make Dom Hemingway the kind of movie that viewers will either deeply hate or passionately love . Shepard leaves no room for a middle ground .
Dom is effusive with self-destructive charisma , the kind of loose cannon you 'd follow into an all-night bender in spite of your better judgment .
Not much comedy . Even less redemption .
The screenplay bristles , performances are terrific and the music throbs when needed
Jude Law is undeniably mesmerizing as the venom spewing , short fused , alcohol dependent Dom Hemingway . Unfortunately the story finds itself running in circles and nothing feels resolved .
An enjoyable lark featuring a magnificent performance by Jude Law .
Dom Hemingway delivers on half of its well-meaning intentions - prioritizing eccentric comedy beats over its unconventional tale of love and self-reflection .
He 's brutal and vulgar , but he fills the film
You do n't so much care where Dom is going as how he 's getting there , and he 's getting there loud .
Jude Law shines , disappearing into the lead role of what ends up being a rowdy and giddy blend of style and attitude .
Great performance by Law in a character study where there is too much anti and not enough hero .
The movie never sets . It feels completely gelatinous and formless , but that does n't mean Law is n't fun to watch .
`` Dom Hemingway '' has two terrific things going for it : snappy dialogue -LRB- I was quite fond of the accusation `` You disrespected my cat '' -RRB- and Law , who 's both funny and scary in equal measures .
If `` Dom Hemingway '' was a car , it would need to get its transmission fixed . It hums along for a while , but it 's clunky when it switches gears .
The title character of this florid crime comedy could be an escapee from a Tarantino script , all flashy character traits and verbal overkill .
Dom Hemingway is often viciously funny , and every time you think the movie has run out of steam , Shepard spins things in a new direction , keeping the energy from flagging -LRB- including one of the most startling car crashes I 've ever seen in a film -RRB- .
While Law bellows blasphemous poetry , his director orchestrates a noirish light show with a cockeyed rhythm .
Ultimately , `` Dom Hemingway '' is a missed opportunity .
Though it 's nothing more than a lark , it 's one more engaging than most .
Riding the material like a rodeo cowboy , Jude Law 's starring performance is a true sight , often saving the picture from cliche with his magnificent impression of a human wrecking ball .
The actual character development becomes a subplot rather than the focus of the story , with the main thrust of Dom Hemingway being a caricature .
Law 's committed performance is the biggest selling point for the inconsistent movie .
Jude Law is hilarious in a comedy that starts raucous , but does n't have the guts to stay that way .
More entertaining than the Guy Ritchie ripoff it initially resembles .
It 's a full-on career rebirth for Jude Law .
Like the rambling speech that opens Dom Hemingway , Richard Shepard 's initially amusing , genre-less piece of filmmaking tragically expends its virtues thin by about the 30-minute mark .
There 's no escaping the realization this is a bad movie .
Jude Law gives perhaps his best-ever performance here ... He 's an absolutely rotten person , and perhaps even unredeemable , but his high moments inspire giddy laughter , and his low moments earn real sympathy .
If you want a drinking game to play during Dom Hemingway , drink every time someone says `` Dom Hemingway . '' Drink double every time Dom Hemingway says `` Oy 'm Dom 'em ingwaiy ! '' You will be drunk .
Dom Hemingway suffers from a meandering narrative and inconsistent comedy .
The kind of crime flick where the characters volley dialogue like furious ping-pong players , riffing with delight , their lines ripe with pulpy metaphor .
The movie itself seems to crash ... settles for sentimentality ...
In-your-face crude , disgusting , and full of hilarious bluster that 's often hard to resist , until that boisterousness wears out its welcome .
`` Dom Hemingway '' is n't about story . It 's about Jude Law as a force of nature , and that turns out to be a very entertaining diversion .
Shepard ... has his hero puff himself up , repeatedly , only to be drastically deflated , revealing the pitifulness of his braggadocio .
It has a mawkish streak a quarter of the film wide .
Dom 's adventures make for a pretty thin garment in which to cloth such an outsize antihero .
The real star here is writer-director Richard Shepard , who pumps enough comic juice into the story to revive its shopworn premise of a career criminal hitting the streets again after years in the can .
While it 's an entertaining ride , thanks largely to Law 's commitment and Shepard 's comic dialogue , the story becomes too bloated for its own good .
There may be some slow points but `` Dom Hemingway '' is fun in a darkly cynical way .
Law conjures a somewhat dim man who yet has quite the way with words , a hair trigger guy who might cry or bite your face off at any given moment . It 's a balls to the wall performance and utterly entertaining .
Dom Hemingway is mainly a one-man show . But it 's a hoot to watch Jude Law sink his teeth into such a despicable character ...
The material , limited payoff ; the performer at the center , never less than arresting .
A non-stop rampage of creative cursing , histrionics and debauchery . I loved it .
The question , then , is whether the actor 's embrace of both Dom 's hungry hedonism and contrived sentimentality is enough to compensate for feeling like Dom Hemingway is a movie that never actually starts . Answer : No .
Self-consciously written and directed redemption saga that 's certainy not as compelling as other dramas in this British gangland genre .
Jude Law is one of the most underrated actors in the business , and though it 's been awhile since he 's had a part to really sink his teeth into , he may have found the role of a lifetime with Dom Hemingway .
The film occasionally meanders and the story it tells is n't nearly as interesting as it 's namesake ... but if you 're trying to out-duel Mr. `` Dom Hemingway '' , you 'll probably lose anyway .
The overall movie is fine , it just does n't match the amazing ability of it 's lead .
... vulgar , emotionally violent , and silly ... why anyone would want to sit through this dispiriting nonsense is incomprehensible .
Law , saying farewell to his youthful good looks -LRB- Dom has scars and a little too much weight -RRB- , makes this hyper-articulate ruffian the most intricately soulful character in current movies .
Seeing Jude Law spread his actorly wings to create a lovable antihero is fun and endlessly watchable . The film around him , however , never coheres .
Jude Law 's Dom remains an artificial construct , never the least bit real or empathetic , rather a creature of fiction - and an implausible one at that .
Overwritten , overacted , and frequently over-stylized , Dom Hemingway is a movie that constantly gets in the way of itself .
Despite an energetic portrayal by Law , his character is so obnoxious that any emotional connection seems impossible .
Dom Hemingway is an uneven movie , to be sure ... but it 's still hard to resist .
It 's a shame such a spirited performance from Jude Law is wasted in such an unpleasant movie
The movie keeps crashing into crude shtick , cliché , and mawkishness .
An opportunity for the charismatic and funny Jude Law to take center stage and remind us why he deserves better roles than he 's been getting . Including the one he 's got in Dom Hemingway .
An amusing tale of vengeance , debauchery and redemption told stylishly by writer-director Richard Shepard .
Almost every line is delivered with such overwrought bombast , just inches at times from the camera , you may feel a need to dodge the spittle .
Dom Hemingway is often ghoulishly funny , with Law , who put on weight for the role and plays up his receding hairline , turning in a larger-than-life performance unlike any he 's given before .
The real amazement of Dom Hemingway is that , as written and directed by Richard Shepard , the movie picks up this snarling hooligan and treats him like a character out of Shakespeare .
This pointless study of a witless character is a sad waste of Law 's talents .
Going bald is the best thing that ever happened to Jude Law .
Dom could be a TV character , and the film about him essentially plays like two episodes smashed together , ending on what 's either a semi-conclusion or a cliffhanger , depending on how you see the world .
Proof of Law 's specific appeal - by completely draining it from the picture .
Cool stuff , and Law should get some kind of award in a `` Most Shamelessly Enjoyable '' acting category .
There 's so little to appreciate in Dom that it 's hard to figure out why we 're watching a movie about him at all .
Far from being a breakthrough , `` Dom Hemingway '' is more of a breakdown , a loose , loud , haphazard collection of parts - and not one of them worthy of the praise Dom heaps so generously on his own .
The derivative nature of Dom Hemingway 's mouthy , swaggering gangster archetype combines with the aimlessness of the script to create a character piece that goes nowhere , except everywhere we 've already been .
`` Dom Hemingway '' is a bright , shiny bauble with next to no lasting power .
Jude Law put on 30 pounds to play this slimeball . But the weightier question is , why would he bother to take this worn-out role , at any size ?
It 's a thoroughly obnoxious piece of work that 's nonetheless winning in its boorishness , which is precisely the tone Law is trying to strike -LSB- ... -RSB-
Law kills in this part . And finds murderous , menacing laughs .
This is a career-defining performance for Law , and it 's bolstered by stellar supporting turns .
Wildly funny , delightfully stylized and brutally violent at times . You 'll never be bored .
Enough sex , twists and Law on all cylinders to maintain a satisfying , if hardly original , entertainment altitude .
That Dom is so clearly an up-to-11 caricature , embodied with reliable pizzazz by Jude Law , makes the sentimental moments feel especially false .
What really makes the tightly-crafted movie is the manner in which Jude Law grabs his opportunity to fill the screen with a gloriously over-the-top character .
There are moments of laugh out loud comedy mixed in with grim scenes of graphic violence , all punctuated by some of the most fantastically sweary tirades you 're likely to hear this year .
Jude Law is wonderfully deranged and utterly plausible as a rage-filled moron , but the movie leaves him adrift amongst unrealized satire ...
For the most part it 's a laboured affair that goes nowhere .
Kicking off with the , ahem , lengthy paean in praise of his Nobel prize-deserving , Louvre-worthy manhood that begins the film , Law delivers Dom 's flights of ribald rhetoric with a cocky leer and beefy swagger .
In the end , scabrousness turns to sentimentality , but by that point it 's hard to care what happens to anyone .
That Grant did n't shove the script straight in the bin suggests he 's purely desperate .
The Shakespearean-style cod language here offers Law few favours in either direction .
This curio of a character study may flounder in its second half , but the two strong leads are good for a few crude chuckles along the way .
Law gives a bravura performance that poleaxes , once and for all , the notion that he is still best suited to pretty-boy roles .
For connoisseurs of British gangster movies and larger-than-life criminals there is much to enjoy .
Jude Law gives a frantic and shouty performance in this dark geezer caper .
Somewhat in the vein of Harold Pinter , but with less talent , or Martin In Bruges McDonagh , with less mojo 'd mastery .
Definitely a film of two halves , this crime comedy kicks off with a spark of witty energy as the title character blusters his way through a series of events with hilariously profane rants .
A fascinating , disjointed oddity with big ol' subversive streak .
Raucously entertaining , blackly comic thriller with an enjoyably sweary script , striking production design , a career-best performance from Jude Law and superb support from Richard E Grant ...
It 's good to see Jude as a law unto himself .
It 's filthy , it 's shouty , it 's embarrassing , and you mainly want it to go away .
There are only so many scenes anyone can take of Jude Law -LRB- never suited to the geezer role -RRB- strutting down streets shooting his gob off .
Writer/director Richard Shepard strains too hard for amped-up pulp grandeur , but Law is fantastic as the ex-con .
Bitty and frustrating , its bigger laughs are set against some off-balance storytelling and crude comedy . Not one to take your nan to .
Shepard 's film is fun but forgettable in the first hour , then disappointing in the final third . But Law 's raucous turn keeps you watching .
Richard Shepard 's script bursts out of the starting gate with brio ; it immediately feels like nothing else you have seen this year , outlandish and surreal and vicious .
While there are some undeniably engaging moments - the surreal twists and savage dialogue - the film unveils a soft centre in the final third .
... little more than a showcase for Law 's consistently engaging performance .
Jude Law 's manically endearing performance is a pleasant surprise from an actor whose breadth of talent is often overlooked .
A stunning , must-see performance by Jude Law helps propel Dom Hemingway into one of the first must-see films of 2014 .
One of the sleeper hits of TIFF 2013 . Jude Law is fantastic .
Dom Hemingway gives -LSB- Jude Law -RSB- a chance to sink his teeth into one of the meatiest personalities in a genre known for larger-that-life types .
A marvelous lead character , and Jude Law , a little puffier and hairier than usual , turns in a career best performance .
Mixing two parts Irvine Welsh , one part Bronson , a few dashes of perversity , all wrapped in a blanket of excess , Jude Law takes that bundle , bites heartily into the role of Dom , chews it up , swallows and pisses it right back out with glee .
A wannabe outrageous gangster saga seems patched together from spare genre parts from a generation ago .

@highlight

Jude Law is clearly having fun in Dom Hemingway 's title role , but viewers may find this purposely abrasive gangster dramedy is n't quite as enjoyable from the other side of the screen .