Words and letters may hold all the secrets of the universe , but 104 minutes was n't enough to hold and resolve all the secrets and mysteries of Bee Season .
Those seeking transcendence here will surely be disappointed .
Perhaps the film 's disparate subplots are given due attention in the book , but it all feels unfocused and jammed together here .
A well-told , enjoyable and insightful film , but its not necessarily as revelatory as its makers seem to think .
Os dez minutos finais de projeção parecem pertencer a um outro filme . Bem ruim , por sinal .
Something like a dream Madonna might 've had while she nodded off during Spellbound ...
We 're knee-deep in tastefully presented balderdash .
This is second-rate Hallström , drama plus whimsy that , when rubbed together , creates not friction and fire , but a nubbing-down of both elements .
A visual feast , but a spiritual famine .
No , Bee Season is just plain awful . That 's right , awful , A-W-F-U-L , awful , and if that does n't spell out my feelings succinctly I do n't know what will .
... sneaks up on you starting as a family drama and tells that story in the guise of a religious thriller .
A tiresome piece of claptrap masquerading as family drama .
This aloof , often cold drama may be too cerebral for its own good , as it fails to explain some of its more mystical elements .
The premise is intriguing , but the oddly toned screenplay is a mostly opaque and convoluted string of dramatically convenient yet inconsistent assumptions .
Here 's an unusual but sweet little drama about a dysfunctional family .
Family dysfunctions , spellings bees , spiritual enlightenment -- Bee Season definitely has an odd lot of things going on . But this family drama somehow draws you into its weird little realm and holds you there .
Very worth ` going with ' for both the things it has to say and the bold ways in which it says them .
For the sake of variety , we need more spirituality in the movies , which is why the very existence of Bee Season is a blessing even if its haphazardness makes it something of a curse .
fragmented , a film with several provocative ideas and a few strong scenes but no sense of fulfillment and considerably less emotional impact than it should have .
Intriguingly , it can be viewed as a thrill-less update of a Val Lewton thriller ... It asks the viewer to decide whether its characters are crazy , cursed or blessed as they encourage the incursion of the supernatural into their lives .
McGehee and Siegel have never met a mundane event they could n't turn into an epiphany .
-LSB- A -RSB- pretentious family-in-crisis drama ...
Despite the advance buzz , you can spell it murky and meandering .
... a muddled , pretentious mess that , in the end , does n't go anywhere .
Alas , as the spelling words get harder and less comprehensible , so does the narrative thread .
Fine directors Scott McGehee and David Siegel -LRB- The Deep End -RRB- take a detour into mumbo jumbo .
There 's no shortage of material on the screen in Bee Season -- it 's just not assembled in a satisfying manner .
The four lead actors give strong performances and are extremely credible as a family unit .
Bee Season is earnest and heartfelt and respectful . And a botch .
Sullen nine-year-old experiences God through spelling . The other story is of a marriage in crisis . Neither one makes any sense .
`` Bee Season '' is an evenly paced , interestingly told family drama that uses the innocent device of the spelling bee as the thing that changes the Nauman family irrevocably .
Co-directors Scott McGehee and David Siegel , whose visual schemes lent a hypnotic aura to their previous collaborations ... do n't find the right balance of story and image this time .
It 's more thoughtfully conceived than most of what passes for filmmaking these days .
Two parts intriguing premise and three parts tiresome upper-middle-class ennui .
Directors Scott McGehee and David Siegel and screenwriter Naomi Foner Gyllenhaal pull off the odd juxtapositions with surprising acumen .
The film succeeds , because both the tale and the young performers -LRB- Cross and Max Minghella as Eliza 's teenage brother , Aaron -RRB- are so compelling .
Sometimes a movie can defy rational logic , yet still make sense emotionally in a way that pulls you through .
A cold and intellectual look at people searching for spiritual meaning that , instead of imparting any resonant observations about faith and family , comes off as kooky and affected .
Fragmented and obtuse , with characters who fail to resonate .
Tempts with a bit of a buzz , but then ca n't deliver and becomes more than a bit silly and self-admiring .
Though Bee Season has flaws beyond Gere 's casting , it compels us to look at the things that words and lives are made of , which is no abstract achievement .
Reflecting Goldberg 's virtuoso novel , the film sets up rich dichotomies of what people say and do , and of satisfying the self vs. pleasing the community .
Over the years this actor has become a beguiling silver fox , trickier than he seems , but -LSB- Gere -RSB- still does n't have the psychic weight to pull off a role like Saul .
This well-meaning mistake gets lost in the metaphors .
One of the most unusual portraits of spiritual striving you 're likely to see . And for that alone , it 's worth your attention .
There is a lot of smug mysticism masquerading as universal truth in Bee Season . It 's a movie so confident it 's being meaningful that it forgot to include any actual meaning .
The lack of emotion is a bit off-putting at first , but as the story unfolds , we grow to appreciate that the film 's detached tone reflects the family dynamics .
The intellectual grist is intriguing , but one ca n't escape the feeling that Bee Season is only skimming the surface of its source material .
Spare and deceptively simple , Bee Season observes its characters but refrains from judging them .
Words are mystical , magical , and wholly material in Bee Season .
Asked to spell `` solipsistic '' at one point , I felt sure she was going to say `` B-E-E-S-E-A-S-O-N . ''
It 's an extremely strange movie , which is highlighted with really good performances and some spectacular computer animation .
It got waylaid .
One can admire the struggle of the Naumanns somehow to talk to God , but it would be nice if they said something intelligible to us in the process .
The themes of Bee Season are as intricate and complex as letters of the alphabet and the words used for communication . This powerful multifaceted drama takes us into the intimate workings of a family and the tenuous , delicate threads that keep it together
Adapted from Myla Goldberg 's richly complex debut novel , this is a far better film than one would dare hope for from a major studio .
So intent is the film on finding symbols and magic in anything and everything , it forgets that flesh-and-blood humans are waiting on screen and off for something to really care about .
While directed with intelligence and visual flair by Scott McGehee and David Siegel , Bee Season ultimately is undone by the same trait that makes young spelling whizzes insufferable .
Not every successful book needs to be made into a movie ; Bee Season is a perfect example of that .
Bee Season ... goes vaguely out of focus from the beginning .
Bee Season can spell strongylid but it does n't know the definition of tension .
Though deeply felt and unwaveringly thoughtful , Bee Season is something of a head-scratcher .
I do n't know whether Gere , an avowed Buddhist , took this role to embarrass kabbala faddists like Madonna and Ashton Kutcher , or to see if he could pass for Jewish -- and a scholar ! It 's a lost cause , in any case .
While we ca n't fault this flick for being lazy , it definitely loses its sting along the way .
Though bathed in ecclesiastical light and a work of obvious craft and ambition , Bee Season is grimly serious and rather full of itself .
The directing team never seems to know when to stop showing and just allow the telling to take over .
Siegel and McGehee give the film a deep emotional punch that never stoops to melodrama or sitcom clichés
A lovely , patient portrait of a family in spiritual crisis .
Flora Cross delivers a mesmerizing performance .
This is going to be a hard movie to sell because it is as disconnected from the audience as the characters are from each other . The best way to sum it up is S-T-R-A-N-G-E !
... a beautiful , thought-provoking film , but it 's reliance on poetic imagery over keen characterization keeps its audience at arms length
What was appealing and understandably reserved in print is practically glum on screen .
The psychological aspects of this ` dysfunctional perfect family ' saga fizzle on the screen . Do yourself a favor : read the book . I did - after seeing the movie .
In spite of being about a family 's dysfunction and its members ' inability to connect with each other on an emotional level , this is still a film studded with ideas . It is a film about psychological problems , about religious mysticism , and about intellect
A well-intended movie that unfortunately comes off as cold and distant as the characters are to each other .
Bee Season is a unique cinematic offering , and its dedication to the mysteries of the mind makes for a fascinating sit .
By the time it 's over you 've stopped trying to figure out what it 's all about and just thank God for the sweet release that is the end credits .
It does n't quite manage the shattering emotionality of the novel , but it 's an intriguing , if slightly plodding , adaptation .
The performance by Flora Cross is haunting in its seriousness . She does n't act out ; she acts in .
Bee Season is affecting in ways that movies have all but given up trying to be .
Based on the well-regarded novel by Myla Goldberg , Bee Season is a serious film filled with both great and awkward ideas .
Bee Season buzzes with a reverence for the spiritual potential of language , but strands its characters at an irritating loss for words .
Bee Season , at its core , is about something powerful : The ways in which family members wreak destruction on each other with the best of intentions .
Here 's a spelling word for you : fatuous .
The movie 's most powerful theme is not the damage done by overambitious parents , but the bewilderment of urban adults who are deeply ambivalent toward religion while desperately longing for spiritual fulfillment .
Intriguing and original ... probably too cryptic for those expecting a movie about spelling bees .
Cold and elusive , Bee Season lacks the crucial emotional ingredients to make us care , and it remains too stubbornly esoteric and cerebral to appeal to anything more than a small and curious art-house crowd .
The movie works earnestly to transform unfamiliar concepts of philosophy as well as by now exceedingly familiar concepts of endearing/sadistic spelling-bee hysteria into cinematically new representations of letters made flesh .
What do you get when you combine a spelling bee with Hare Krishna ? Not much . ... The movie is about as inviting as a blizzard , and its purpose is as clear as mud .
Its hieroglyphics are vividly rendered , but Bee Season never manages to spell them out .
A cleverly intentioned but slightly disjointed drama .
The trouble with these various plights is that we are required to lend them equal sympathy , and to go on sympathizing until our ears pop .
Bee Season 's mysticism casts an incredibly cold , literal-minded spell .
An engrossing family drama about the destructiveness of spiritual pride and the healing power of selfless love .
The script is so diffuse and incohesive that it 's impossible to get involved in this family yarn emotionally or intellectually
Although the film starts well and looks gorgeous , it gets seriously bogged down towards the end when it starts to resemble a Kaballah infomercial .
While it looks and feels lovely , we 're never quite sure what it means
For a family story about spelling bees and a gifted child , there 's an awful lot of mysticism and psychosis going on .
May have blown me away if its driving force was n't rooted in the secrets of Kabbalah , which instead made me feel like I was being brainwashed with a cult recruitment film
Results less in an intense psychological portrait of a family crisis than a baffling puzzle where cause and effect are never firmly established .
The film is ice cold , never finding a way to invite the viewer into the story .







@highlight

Bee Season is an intelligent , but frustratingly distant and diffuse drama about family dysfunction .