The director finds himself artistically stranded between the allegorical impulse and the will to historicize .
An elegant character study of father & son .
Engrossing arty melodrama that brilliantly blends together a tragic political and psychological story set in modern-day Chad .
full review at Movies for the Masses
One man 's dark night of the soul brought on by civil war in Chad .
It 's a quietly devastating film , aided greatly by a haunting performance from Djaoro .
Tenderly observed and admirably restrained , A Screaming Man builds into an austere , quietly haunting tragedy .
A Screaming Man is a quiet film about family life , the relationship between fathers and children , and the way generations can shape and reshape each other . It ultimately has a sublime quality .
This is a powerful and depressingly downbeat drama that is often hard to watch , although the inexpressive nature of the main character means that it 's difficult to fully engage on an emotional level .
This is not only a good-looking , well directed and splendidly shot and acted film . It is an unforgettable snapshot of a failed country , and one of the best films in London at the moment .
Engrossing and enlightening but it does n't quite live up to its considerable promise .
Betrayal , guilt , denial , faith and secrecy all roil about beneath the film 's placid , almost wordless surface , which is beautifully observed with a stately , Ozu-like calmness .
The director 's style is certainly deliberate , but the gradual build-up of events is undeniably thought-provoking , played out in images of stark beauty as Adam 's personal odyssey reaches a powerful and moving conclusion .
Haroun deploys no rhetoric at all . His cinema is as mute as Bresson , yet as incandescent .
It 's an intelligent , good-looking film and one that confirms Haroun as one of Africa 's leading filmmakers .
A moving , compassionate film , shot with near Ozu-like restraint .
Beautifully understated , Haroun gives his story room to breathe and the tenderness to touch the heart . A thoughtful tale of fathers and sons .
Director Mahamat-Saleh Haroun 's movie ... shows the quiet desperation that results from inner and outer conflicts .
Draws from a personal understanding that gives its fictional story a tinge of emotional reportage .
Haroun 's formal skill confirms his continual promise .
It 's extremely well-intended and contains the broad strokes of a much better movie , but A Screaming Man 's inhuman characters lead to an unfortunate descent into clichés .
A beautifully photographed tale of betrayal , A Screaming Man nevertheless turns on an improbable transformation by the main character , a father in war-torn Chad .
deeply personal and strikingly original
-LSB- Director -RSB- Haroun fails to lift his universal fable to the height of an epic , whatever its budget .
It 's very much a universal portrait of human willfulness , perhaps the finest since Charles Stone III 's Mr. 3000 , starring Bernie Mac .
-LSB- Goes -RSB- in a blink from an intriguing personal-breakdown portrait to an all-out social autopsy on life during perpetual wartime .
The film is quiet and thoughtful , yet forcefully makes its point about the folly of war .
`` A Screaming Man '' is a quiet , tender , finally wrenching story of an individual at the intersection of the personal and the political .
The characterizations never comfortably accommodate Haroun 's pat metaphor , though his stoic visual storytelling has an oblique gravity , suggesting a slightly altered meaning to each surveying shot of the poolside patio .
Put simply , this is the finest work of an African director since the death of Ousmane Sembene . A must see .
Ingenious and moving ...
This tragedy of parental betrayal is personal in scope but universal in impact .
Do n't go to A Screaming Man expecting histrionics . Mahamat-Saleh Haroun 's tale of status and self-perception in the African nation of Chad is measured and calm -- the better to let us discover its heavy heart .
Despite its title , the film is a quiet rebuke of war and its impact on everyday life : people and families . Without a single battle scene , the horrors of war bleed through the screen .
A moving new film by one of Africa 's best directors , A Screaming Man won the jury prize at Cannes last year and deserves a wider audience than the continent 's great movies often achieve .
Largely a quiet film , though its emotions are loud . Feelings are n't discussed as much as they unfold .
Chadian winner at Cannes lacks density
Haroun 's tender but unsentimental regard for his characters allows his storytelling a natural gravitas thoroughly suited to the simultaneously unfolding private and national tragedies .
Quietly powerful .


@highlight

A Screaming Man deftly uses its personal look at a family dynamic to offer pointed political observations , confirming writer-director Mahamat-Saleh Haroun as a major talent .