... Spring Breakers should nevertheless be lauded as a boldly superficial film , one that understands the pertinence of an alluring image , and the consequences of valuing only that .
From it 's pointless script , sloppy acting and dreadful direction , Spring Breakers is not nearly as profound as it pretends to be .
Director Harmony Korine possesses an astute ability to periodise moments in youth culture and this latest attempt is for the most successful .
Harmony Korine 's latest feature is a lurid neon poem of a spring break road trip that descends into drugs , gang war , and pink balaclavas adorned with unicorns .
Korine 's latest hallucinogenic young adult frolic Spring Breakers is the first of the director 's works I 've responded to in any sort of moderately positive fashion .
Spring Breakers is titillating and absurd and vulgar and , perhaps most importantly , entertaining .
This strange film by Harmonie Korine will enrage and baffle many . But as a cinematic experience I included it among my top five films when it first came out last year this is a long , mad , fevered reverie that sucks you in and showers you with acid vomit .
Behind the film 's vacuous candy-colored outer shell are ambiguous and morally challenging concepts .
For moviegoers looking for sensory overload , this will play particularly well .
Actual spring breakers will probably loathe the movie ; it 's really for the pale art majors who never went .
The most extraordinary thing about Korine 's direction is how he gradually shifts the position of the viewer from self-possessed outsider looking in to complete immersion during a denouement where there is no one worth rooting for .
Sort of like what might happen if Jean-Luc Godard directed a Girls Gone Wild video , it 's not just a movie that has its cake and eats it too . This is a movie that has its cake and eats more cake .
Korine 's most entertaining film to date .
It 's Malick-meets-dubstep amid post - `` Kids '' - skin-and-sin with the costumes of Pussy Riot and a sunset-by-the-sea Britney Spears sing-along by Alien and the girls that is both ridiculous and touching .
The movie is too calculated to shock . Korine just wants to be the danger he 's warning us about .
... a thoroughly detestable piece of gutter trash masquerading as some kind of abstract piece of pop art .
I 'm not sure how many glow sticks died in the making of Spring Breakers , but I am sure that it was worth it .
A trippy , florescent whirl of boobs and bongs .
I could n't get past the feeling that this was basically the director 's softcore material masquerading as a feature film
Often exploitative and completely gratuitous , it succeeds in also exploring the recklessness of youth ...
Harmony Korine 's Spring Breakers is rough around the edges , visually pleasing , experimental and a downright bizarre film , but one that 's worthy of at least one viewing .
A ridiculous , repetitive and empty drama .
You 're probably gon na hate Spring Breakers , but I bet you love it , too .
If you can look beyond Harmony Korine 's misogynistic , uncomfortably leering view of the women in his film , there is some stuff to enjoy , though the film is held back by an unfortunate lack of substance .
`` Spring Breakers '' might engender multiple viewings and a cult status à la `` Scarface . '' Korine , unfortunately , jumps the gun by frequently repeating lines of Franco 's dialogue in voiceover , as if `` Spring Breakers '' already is on repeat .
While films such as Spring Breakers should never be blamed for gun violence , they can be used to gauge just how much people truly care about such issues . And how quickly they are willing to forget .
Director Korine obviously wants to make some profound comment about the debauchery of Floridian spring-breaking but he 's sucked into the whole sleazy world head-first .
A simultaneous celebration and criticism of youth .
In many ways , this trashy , dazzling but enigmatic film belongs to Franco 's Alien , a wannabe gangsta who just does n't have the guts or heart to be a cold-hearted thug .
The ideals of freedom , paradise and the American dream pulse in a neon coloured , bubble-gum scented descent into darkness
Parents will look on with dismay ; others will leave feeling bemused but thoroughly entertained .
It 's not exactly an exploitation film , and it 's not exactly an art film , but it 's also both at the same time . It 's the type of experience that blows your mind but convinces you that nobody else on the planet is going to `` get '' it .
The message may be lost on those who only came for the bountiful breasts and booties ... Spring Breakers is an immersive phantasmagoria ; one of the funniest , strangest , prettiest , and flat out maddest films of the year .
Most shocking of all is that while Spring Breakers takes some time to find its bearings , this may be the most confident and artistically-grounded film of Korine 's career .
An audacious , synth-pop mélange of ecstatic heaven and drugged-out hell -- an allegory for the corruption of innocence and the fear of blossoming female sexuality .
what you thought would happen does ... and does n't
-LRB- ... -RRB- for anyone refusing to acquiesce that this degree of ` girl power ' is less a rite of passage and more like a collective suicide plunge onto a bed of six inch nails , perhaps Korine is right to be so provocative .
There 's Korine , defiantly lobbing grenades at the mainstream and exploding it all to hell .
Korine would feel he 'd failed badly were I to have enjoyed it .
A wild ride of a movie , Spring Breakers finds gleeful cinematic provocateur Harmony Korine pitching a bunch of former teen starlets into a headlong spree of sex and drugs and gangsta rap .
Traditionally , spring break flicks are teen angst induced romantic comedies . Brain death is the best description . Spring Breakers is a totally new way to do that brain death .
Arthouse filmmaker Harmony Korine -LRB- Mister Lonely -RRB- comes dangerously close to making a mainstream movie with this blackly comical thriller .
Maintaining his queasy dialectic throughout , the director oscillates between disgust and frenzied indulgence .
You start the film wondering what the moral take on all this uninventive debauchery is going to be - is it a satire ? - but then realise with dismay there is no take on offer at all .
It 's the kind of ` experimental ' movie hailed as edgy , subversive and transgressive , when in fact it 's inept , amateurish and loathsome .
A tedious attempt to inject some style and artistic flair into the teen movie , combing outrageous behaviour with arty , slo-mo cinematography and a monotonous voiceover .
Drink , drugs , sex and robbery with minor violence .
The trouble is all in the film 's wildly anxious structure , which feels largely dictated in the cutting-room by Korine going out of his way not to be accused of a message .
As a director , Korine certainly has visual style -LRB- most of it seemingly knocked off from MTV Beach Party -RRB- but does n't seem overly concerned with fleshing out any his buff bodies with character let alone dialogue .
Spring break 4eva !
A weird , day-glo fusion of trashy exploitation thriller and arthouse pretension , enlivened by game performances from a trio of former squeaky-clean TV stars and a deliriously brilliant turn from James Franco .
It 's campy and comic at times , but Korine also gives the film a downbeat , melancholic edge , with voiceovers , pointed repetition of dialogue and images , and hallucinatory camera work , sound and editing .
For all its absurdity and voyeurism , Korine brings to it a real authorial style .
However self-aware Spring Breakers ' sleaze is , there 's something creepy about it as a male perspective on young women .
-LSB- It -RSB- quickly descends into a pointless repetition of images and vapid dialogue .
In appearing to embrace the mainstream , erstwhile enfant terrible Harmony Korine orchestrates one of his most provocative , formally experimental films to date .
Its sparse narrative , following four bored-to-death college girls on a crime spree to spring-break paradise , is elliptical , hazy and marked by recurrence and a sense of déjá vu .
Where 's the provocation in a long , slow build-up to nothing in particular ? Korine 's movies have no answers or solutions . They just push buttons .
A lurid , luminous teen-bender movie , as ludicrous as it is stylish , and Harmony Korine 's best film in years .
Do n't believe the hype ... this movie is an awful mess .
It 's not the wages of sin we need to worry about , it 's bored co-eds desperate to feel alive
Bolstered by a pulsating techno score , Korine fills the screen with attitude and energy to spare in his most mainstream effort to date .
Garish , goofy , leering and nasty , it 's meant to be hypnotic , but winds up nearly unwatchable .
The message seems to be that spring break can turn girls gone wild into girls gone killing .
It is a parade of bare breasts , writhing bottoms and street gang exhibitionism , tied together with a Girls Gone Wild sensibility and made by a director looking for something resonant in the depraved rites of spring .
Far more than meets the eye in Spring Breakers .
Neon bright and all raw energy , Spring Breakers is a pulsating paradox of a movie , both a tangerine dream and a cultural reality check , a pop artifact that simultaneously exploits and explores the shallowness of pop artifacts .
Irredeemably toxic .
... an objective portrait of the way that popular culture has virtually obliterated the possibility for American youth to experience something without a numbing deluge of media references and contexts .
The movie has a couple of visually interesting sequences outlining the sad , frenetic , barf-flecked reality of spring break . Otherwise , Spring Breakers is boring .
Korine 's story is a searing indictment of today 's hedonistic , nihilistic youth , and his script is loaded with sharp , telling dialogue that exposes the rotten moral cores of its characters .
The subject of the film is the perversion of youth , and its greatest achievement -LRB- if one can call it that -RRB- is how it somehow manages to pander to a youth audience while also cinematically chiding them .
If there 's a precedent , it may be ` The Devil in Miss Jones ' -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , the pornographic film that imagines hell as a place of eternal sex and no pleasure .
... a fantasy version of Steubenville that does nothing to help us understand the sort of aggression that has become such a dominant part of youth culture .
The film stands , overall , as one of the director 's richer provocations ...
The latest gonzo endeavor from writer-director Harmony Korine , Spring Breakers manages to be a fever dream , a wet dream , a daydream and a nightmare all in one sitting .
There are very few movies I regret having wasted my time on or are completely disgusted by . `` Spring Breakers '' is the definition of disgusting . The characters had no substance and the storyline had nothing to offer .
An audacious , sun-kissed nightmare that folds the director 's familiar flair for the surreal into a narrative framework that results in his most coherent -LRB- and accessible -RRB- picture to date .
it 's spring break kitsch , these girls following the yellow-stained road through Oz , with Franco as The Scarecrow , The Tin Man , AND The Lion .
Spring Breakers is a scathing indictment of a generation led to believe that being a bad-ass and having a screw-it attitude is admirable . It 's an all-around stunner .
Once a year , St. Petersburg is awash with thoughtless , unpleasant people making poor decisions . This spring , Korine is one of them .
A divisive work of art , Spring Breakers is an audacious , yet enthralling and even transcendent , portrait of maturity sprouting from a place of corruption and avarice .
Ultimately , Korine 's latest proves a pointless trip through spring break hell .
Harmony Korine 's remarkable fifth feature is like nothing the US maverick has ever done -- or anyone else , come to that .
An authentically cracked expression of the crazy , conflicting signals bombarding today 's teenagers .
Korine gestures toward social criticism , but essentially this is just an hour and a half of bongs -LSB- and -RSB- beers ... thinly dressed as Natural Born Killers .
... Harmony Korine 's Spring Breakers will leave you simultaneously cold , afraid , aroused , filthy , bemused , and wholly unsettled , bleeding and masturbating , half-conscious , at the bottom of a pit full of Bud Light and marijuana residue .
Korine gives Spring Breakers a remarkable energy but then trips it up with a repeated leit motif that feels inauthentic and overwrought .
Such a perfect object of its cultural moment - an age of sexualized youth and stylized violence - that it 's a shame it 's not a better movie .
So is Harmony Korine telling a cautionary tale or just trying to shock the squares ? Why not both ?
Korine kills it with a Britney Spears-backed montage of the pretty little gangsters protecting Franco 's drug-trafficking turf . Gun-toting teens clad in string bikinis passing for high art ? Indubitably .
Having fun has rarely felt this dangerous .
The nonstop cutting suggests the attention span of a monkey on meth .
... ` Spring Breakers ' is a gas to look at and to hear , and it 's easily Korine 's most successfully sustained work . ''
With all of its gun sucking , constant references to Britney Spears , and overall dirtiness , you 'll feel like you 'll need a hot shower and a penicillin shot after viewing Spring Breakers .
It 's a sleazy , snoozy , borderline insufferable motion picture . If you see the film , just know that you 'll probably have to register as a sex offender afterwards .
` Spring Breakers ' is so unrelentingly base , vulgar and titillating that it 's ultimately exhausting . And no matter how artful your intentions are , I still think you need characters to draw you in . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
A half hour , four hours , two days after walking away from it you might still flashback to its seductive , neon-lit , dayglow world .
Spring Breakers can make you feel the end of Western Civilization is nigh .
Spring Breakers is satire akin to deconstructing a cardboard box with a chainsaw .
If you 're up for indulging in its insanity and sullying of Disney good girls Gomez and Hudgens , you 'll no doubt love it , but if not you may want to let this spring break pass you by .
A mash-up of last year 's teensploitation opus Project X , Pulp Fiction , Natural Born Killers and a Girls Gone Wild video .
Not just a step forward . It 's a vision : a fever dream of sun-dappled debauchery that doubles as a thriller-satire on the allure of excess .
As frightening as any conventional horror movie , as cautionary as any crime-drama , and as gritty yet empathetic as any coming-of-age story in quite some time .
`` Girls Gone Wild '' meets `` Natural Born Killers '' with a chaser of social satire .
Korine is tap-dancing so fast that it 's never really clear exactly what he 's up to , but none of it adds up to much in the end .
Korine likes the poetics of transgression , and he trowels on the bad behavior with a heavy but mesmerizing hand .
What should be infuriating makes sense in the context of the director 's twisted cinematic rulebook .
It makes even the innocence of an early Britney Spears tune sound dark , dirty and scary .
Girls Gone Wild would have turned the cameras off and called the cops ; luckily Harmony Korine was at the helm here to keep the action going in churning out an original movie .
... the film 's greatest acting asset is James Franco , going for broke in his own `` Killer Joe '' role .
In turns appealing and horrifying , Spring Breakers is Korine 's most cogent take yet on society 's outsiders .
In another movie , these girls would be sex objects . In Spring Breakers , we 're all too aware of what lurks under the pretty packaging .
Korine seems , almost despite himself , to have something more than hip nihilism as his goal .
It may be irritating , but `` Spring Breakers '' is like a sunburn we ca n't help scratching .
With a pumping , brilliant score , an outstanding supporting performance from James Franco , and some of the most ridiculous behavior you 'll see on screen all year , Spring Breakers is thoroughly entertaining and kinda brilliant .
`` Spring Breakers '' is a visual feast with at least a dozen scenes that will be ripe for the picking at the end of the year when someone does a supercut of 2013 's most memorable movie moments .
Starts out like a salacious , rump-centric and blithely bare-breasted hip-hop video and ends up in the realm of scary and inspired trash .
A candy-colored fever dream is the most unforgettable movie of the year so far .
Unexpectedly great . -LSB- Korine -RSB- has n't just tapped into the youthful , throbbing pulse of the party -- he 's analyzed the dash between the wub-wub .
Ironic exploitation is still exploitation , after all .
It 's been awhile since we 've had an exploitation film this pure and unapologetic .
Any irregularity in tone becomes a part of the movie 's intentionally rough , imperfect surface-a formal strategy I might find interesting if I could make head or tail of what the movie that 's using it is trying to say .
James Franco 's performance alone is worth the price of admission .
If we 're being honest , Korine 's Spring Breakers is a better movie-going experience than it is an actual movie .
An absolute assault on the audience Korine seems to be trying to court , but is really subverting at every turn . Brilliant .
Tampa Bay wears fringe nihilism well ; wet-fever dreams of trigger-happy angels floating on cannabis clouds and dusted with cocaine like beignets waiting to be licked clean ... Film as a fetish tool , that 's what Spring Breakers is all about , y' all .
Is it art ? Is it trash ? Does it matter ?
Spring Breakers strikes me as another of Korine 's calculated punk outrages , a sploog in Disney 's direction .
... grindhouse with pretensions of being arch
Korine 's latest is a characteristically serious film about inherently ridiculous characters , but it 's too montonous to be really thoughtful or funny .
It is n't a film aiming to make you think , consider plot layers or even like the characters ; it 's all a show , one big disturbing and demoralizing yet mesmerizing and entertaining show .
People laughing at this are kind of missing the point .
Voyeuristic , visually exploitive , hyper-sexualized cinematic commentary about the superficial emptiness of our youth-driven pop culture .
Former Disney starlets go bad in super-edgy crime comedy .
Is Spring Breakers a party movie ? Yes , but that party is a raging kegger , and it 's happening amidst the ashes of Western civilization .
Commercial wannabe that still suffers from the art-house pretensions and severe limitations of its auteur .
A highly stylized art film that brutally -LRB- and , at times , brilliantly -RRB- sends up a society and -LRB- pop -RRB- culture that enables and enhances all the things it claims to bemoan .
Bikinis . Boobs . Bongs . Booze . Blasphemy . Bullets . Bloodshed . Bad bitches . Spring Breakers is the rawest -LRB- and perhaps greatest -RRB- movie about spring break ever .
Basically a `` Girls Gone Wild '' short artily padded out to feature-length by endlessly repeating the same scenes and lines of dialogue , often three or more times .
With its violence , copious drug use , threesomes and scenes of the women in tiny bikinis , the movie revels in the debauchery without saying much about it .
This is n't perfect , but it 's a crazy interesting movie to watch .
Korine 's latest helping of dubious hipster bait ...
`` Spring Breakers '' is so over-the-top , so-overdone , so extreme , it 'd turn even a hedonist off sex .
If you missed out on beer bonging yourself into a spring - break stupor , Korine 's loopy , lurid and hypnotic film could serve as a travelogue to that junction of heaven and hell .
... it is n't so much a movie about freedom or rule-breaking as it is about every generation 's conformity to overwhelming pressure , about how human behavior is learned from repeated exposure to really dumb , low-level stuff ...
Spring Breakers is an exploitative display of bacchanalian excess , casual sex and rampant nudity that 's more tedious than titillating .
The movie is an arty lark of ambiguous entertainment value , pulsing with melancholy .
As presented by Korine , this bacchanal has become codified , conformist and utterly repetitive . Are we having fun yet ?
-LSB- Korine -RSB- turns his exploration into such a gonzo , outrageously funny party that it takes a while to appreciate that this is more of a horror film than a comedy .
Spring Breakers , beach-party fluff done as an art film by the reliably bizarre Harmony Korine , is a return to form for Franco .
Korine manages to make much of the film into a `` Natural Born Killers '' - style pop patchwork with a videogame-influenced lack of morality .
A movie in which many f*ck s are spoken , but few given .
We 're all screwed , Korine seems to be saying . It 's very sad - but also kinda sexy .
Surrendering to the Korine paradox has never been more tempting than it is with Spring Breakers , which is lush and exuberant and gives his admittedly brilliant eye its fullest expression to date .
Writer-director Harmony Korine shows progress as a craftsman with this tale , which is at once his most accessible feature as well as deconstructive critique of a popular American subgenre .
Populated with characters who seem to have no interior life . . In his own oblique way , Korine offers commentary about just how empty that world is .
Whatever other charges you want to level against `` Spring Breakers '' - such as incoherence , plotlessness , salaciousness and mind-numbing monotony - it has no lack of high concept .
All I knew is I could n't wait to see it a second time .
Spring Breakers is either an inspired satire of the youth movie or the most irresponsible comedy mainstream Hollywood will never make . The bros in your crowd will call it rad -- and radical it is .
This is the first time in Harmony Korine 's career where the world he depicts actually seems less horrifying than the one we 're in .
One of the effects of Harmony Korine 's feverish , hypnotic style is that the whole thing feels like a fantasy -- or rather a nightmare perversion of the American dream .
Franco gives an all-time great performance in an otherwise okay film .
As edgy and in-your-face as Fight Club , Spring Breakers may be just as divisive .
Ultimately a fairly thin , pulpy crime tale , given more substance than it should have on paper thanks to some excellent filmmaking .
If Michael Mann was to take a lot of hallucinogenics and shoot a Girls Gone Wild video , it might look something like this .
An intriguing cinematic spectacle : an awful film that seems aware - nay , aggressively boastful - of its own awfulness .
Spring Breakers is a mainstream art film that is ludicrous amounts of fun , even if the plot is absolutely preposterous and downright silly .
An almost indescribably weird little movie ...
It has hypnotic visual style and a dense , driving soundscape . But it 's also too monotonous and thematically empty to be seriously provocative .
Attractively fizzy pic may be a shock to the system for fans of teen queens Selena Gomez and Vanessa Hudgens , but remains pretty toothless titillation by its writer-helmer 's standards .
As the film progresses the hedonism and then the violence , escalate to absurd levels , removing the action from the realm of reality .
Harmony Korine toys with Girls Gone Wild iconography to skewer party culture , twisted priorities of modern young people , and the `` American Dream . ''
It would be easy to dismiss ` Spring Breakers . ' Lord I 'd like to .
Spring Breakers is all surface and sham ; it 's trash about humpers .
Maybe it is supposed to be ironic .
-LSB- Korine -RSB- bounces back like a man possessed , rekitted as some 21st-century Russ Meyer , playing disreputable paterfamilias to a fresh breed of supervixens .
While the film is a success on its own art house exploitation terms , it ca n't help but feel like a missed opportunity .

@highlight

Spring Breakers blends stinging social commentary with bikini cheesecake and a bravura James Franco performance .