George A. Romero 's Land of the Dead is a decent follow up to his classic `` Dead '' trilogy , delivering compelling characters , a thrilling narrative , and plenty of zombie action/gore .
There is so much symbolism that after a time , this feels less like a film than a thinly veiled lecture on the current global situation . But this has always been Romero 's metier .
The Dead Lands offers an odd mix of cultural identity that falls prey to clichéd tropes and one-dimensional characters .
Romero 's zombie movies have always been about people , not zombies . That 's what makes them work so well and Land of the Dead is no exception .
Romero is back and just as good as he was then ...
Gory sight gags and intestine eating abound in this must-see movie for fans of the horror genre .
While it 's hardly Romero 's scariest achievement , it is a thrilling , disturbing commentary on a man-eat-man world that hits just close enough to home to give viewers an uncomfortable pause .
Romero 's best film in a quarter century ...
Land of the Dead may be the baddest genre film this side of Y2K .
With a master 's control , Romero sets his characters in motion and against each other .
a weak , if fun , appendix to Romero 's excellent trilogy .
If this does turn out to be the 65-year-old director 's last foray into this territory , it 's a great note to go out on .
Romero is more interested in Technicolor gore effects and in young people shooting big guns than in telling a frightening story .
The film has one of the best lines of the year , by Hopper , ` Zombies , man , they creep me out . '
Su verdadero valor subyace en lo que un genio del cine como Romero tiene que decir respecto de hacia donde nos dirigimos como humanidad . Hoy todos somos zombies .
O pai do gênero volta a realizar um ótimo exemplar ao imaginar o próximo passo na evolução de suas criaturas , aproveitando , como sempre , para fazer um sutil comentário social .
Romero 's long-awaited zombie horror flick delivers lashings of gore , violent action sequences and big dollops of heavy-handed satire in equal measure .
A perfectly worthy entry to close , or perhaps resuscitate , cinema 's greatest zombie series .
Aaah , that familiar squelch of human flesh , as zombies get their foul fangs into body parts , or the unmistakable tearing sound of heads ripping off shoulders ...
does not deserve to share the same glory that its vastly superior predecessors justly deserve
Extremely clever social satire buried in a rip-roaring action movie that is n't afraid to get squirm-inducingly gruesome .
-LSB- P -RSB- retty swell ... George Romero is back and , in this movie , he 's better than ever .
Même si Romero est très loin d'avoir tourné un classique , Land of the Dead fait plaisir à voir et n'est pas en reste de ces prédécesseurs .
... expecting more horror and less adventure .
The movie deepens the director 's vision and moves the story forward with ease , giving new purpose to the zombies Romero conceived in 1968 's `` Night of the Living Dead . ''
Far from playing it safe , Romero sees this sequel as an opportunity to challenge the viewer .
While the film nowhere near matches the success of the director 's earlier ventures , it nonetheless rises to the occasion in delivering a bit of social satire .
More than just another zombie movie , a better zombie movie .
Romero has n't let the kids today show him up one bit .
while it is n't a necessary addition to the trilogy , it still entertains and delivers the goods in the gore department , and that 's what we go to a Zombie movie for , is n't it ?
Romero finds creative ways to stage zombies feasting on flesh while tackling ... gated communities , war profiteering , and entertainment as a weapon of mass distraction .
Hardly the magnum opus for which Romero fans have been waiting .
If Land of the Dead is too familiar to be unnerving , there 's at least satisfaction in Romero making it such nasty fun .
more than good enough to stand on its own , and its only real weakness is that Romero moves through the narrative too fast
There is indeed a lot of people-eating , with entrails spilling loosely , in Land of the Dead , but for those paying close attention , there is a good deal more going on .
The scariest moments in this film have nothing to do with gut-munching and everything to do with evolution , when the zombies do n't behave the way they 're supposed to .
If you 've ever installed a v-chip in your family tellie , Land of the Dead may not be for you
' ... a film that is both a great time in the present and a fine tribute to the past . '
Forget about the creeping undead . Baker is the real stiff .
A zombie insurgency !
Romero 's masterfully executed allegory is the High Noon of horror flicks .
A worthy installment in Romero 's Living Dead series or just another gory zombie movie , depending
If you 're a huge zombie fan , then by all means , go worship at the altar of Romero . But if you 're just looking for a scary movie , you can do better on DVD
... is n't quite the instant classic everyone was hoping for ; it is , however , a better-than-average horror film ...
How zombie godfather Romero can still manage to set himself apart from his legion of imitators is a mystery to me , but he 's done it again .
It 's good , gory fun , even if its satiric jabs at societal mores come across as more heavy-handed than in the past .
The movie may not bring anything earthshaking to the zombie sub-genre , but as an exercise in intestine-munching horror , it 's largely successful .
It 's extremely clear , from start to finish , that the master is back -- and he 's going to show all the Romero-wannabes how to craft a truly great zombie movie .
At the risk of being lynched by hardcore horror freaks ... the Dawn of the Dead remake was more effective . So was 28 Days Later . And Resident Evil .
The movie is listless and uninspired .
With ` Land of the Dead , ' Romero reminds us that he 's not only a master of horror but also a great storyteller who just happens to ply his craft in the zombie genre .
... a broad , very amusing sociological polemic with a couple decent scares thrown in as an afterthought .
Zombies are back in another allegory - with the emphasis on the hardcore `` gory . ''
Romero 's fourth-grade dialogue does n't help matters , but anyone seeking out the latest achievements in cranial ruptures , spewing-blood gouts , and ground-beef spillage need look no further .
Romero has made a movie that will completely satisfy the Fangoria magazine crowd but , like his previous efforts , also manages to make acute observations about modern society .
About as lively as a piece of roadkill .
Well , George A. Romero has made another political statement . And yes , there just happens to be flesh-eating zombies in it .
Zombies just are n't that interesting as villains because they zombie ahead .
Fellow critics , just because a film purports political views does n't make them any less non-sensical .
Despite being too bloody for its own good , Land is a different breed of walking-dead movie -- one with soul .
Movie of the dumb !
Land of the Dead is just a giant excuse to see the walking dead pigging out on human flesh -- in all its blood-dripping , bone-crunching , brain-slurping fashion . Yuck .
I pity Romero . Instead of a fresh Dead film , we 're given a bizarre mixture of Day of the Dead and Escape from New York - and not in a good way .
Those unbitten by the curse of the undead wo n't have quite as much to chew on , but the film is clever and entertaining enough to keep most anyone amused .
Land of the Dead is second-rate Romero , which means it 's far better than most horror films being made today
It 's a joy to see the master of zombie cinema return to take back the crown .
Effects , including random head explosions and other bloody body parts , are state of the low art .
It does n't disappoint in the way of visceral thrills , and for a reportedly low-budget affair , the effects are pretty gruesome .
But if you like living dead movies , and there are lots of you out there , you 'll like this one too .
A lean , mean 93-minute serving of brain-lust , stylized gore , morbid humor and chatty social commentary .
This time , Romero 's aim is on American delusions of security and superiority in a post-9 / 11 world , gently comparing our current political decision makers with the clueless hoi polloi of Fiddler 's Green .
At this point , I just want to buy Romero a drink and say , ` Christ , George , what kept you ? '
The plot held no surprises and the acting no revelations .
It 's fairly solid fun without breaking any new ground .
Nearly two decades after George Romero 's sadly truncated Day of the Dead -LRB- 1986 -RRB- apparently concluded his apocalyptic zombie series , this grim , gory fable proved that there was still life in the dead .
Land of the Dead not only leaves you wishing Romero and his zombies might come back to feast once more , but that they 'd take their time .
All of Romero 's experimentation comes to fruition in Land , which proves he has not exhausted zombies .
Land does feel less substantial than its predecessors at a scant 92 minutes ... But its novelty and nerve are the work of the master showing those feeding on his body of work how this zombie thing is done .
Land of the Dead is worth the wait , and dispels any fanboy concerns that the director was gone because he lost his mojo .
With Land of the Dead , Romero has created his personal masterpiece , an incredibly gruesome film , but with thought-provoking concepts and surprising resonance .
Though not a bad film , all too often it feels like a slickly made studio offering with nary the juice and verve of the zombie master 's prior , lower budget , ventures .
The metaphor , that a society that does n't recognize the evil it is doing might be getting its comeuppance , would have been a cool subtext in a better movie . But this ` Dead ' does n't jolt , shock , scare or amuse . It just staggers along -- very , very slowly .
It 's Romero doing what he does best : using zombies to create a lowbrow social parable .
In George A. Romero 's Land of the Dead , it 's depressingly evident that the horror pioneer has been surpassed by his imitators .
Land of the Dead is a perfectly adequate horror romp , but it 's hard to imagine anyone remembering it five years from now .
Nope , there 's not much here . But it 's still good , cheesy fun .
Land of the Dead is a banquet of nasty thrills for those who like their horror dashed with allegory and satire , as well as blood , guts and gore .
Romero 's real forte is gore , and here he delivers .
With Romero 's newest film ... a celebration is in order .
Land 's gruesomely creative zombie atrocities stretch an R rating 's limits like a bloody tendon about to snap .
To say that the film feels old is a compliment to Romero ... He quite literally cuts to the chase and bypasses anything resembling character or story development .
Land of the Dead is a horror flick , but not a screamy one -- the booming soundtrack pumps up the drama , and the gore induces squirms , but zombies more titillate than anything .
wins on every level
The themes of oppression and greed are tied even more relevantly in ` Land of the Dead ' than any of its predecessors .
Asia Argento makes her grandish entrance into Land of the Dead inside a cage .
Land of the Dead is living proof that films still can be inventive , that Hollywood is not the absolute center of the filmmaking universe and that a zombie film still can be scary and smart .
With all due respect to 28 Days Later and Shaun of the Dead , nobody goes zombie quite like George A. Romero .
The gore and gross out factors are high but that wo n't stop the zombie fans from flocking to it like , well , zombies .
Fans of these insatiable , shuffling carnivores need n't fear ; Romero offers enough intestine-pulling , finger-munching gore .
This new movie looks and feels like someone else 's better-made schlock .
Possesses the same heady mix of satire and searing horror that characterized the director 's first two entries in the series .
Romero defiantly shows the young wannabes a thing or two about being provocative and suspenseful , instead of relying on cheap thrills and technical tricks .
... manages enough of the pathos that has made Romero 's zombie movies the paragon of the genre .
A treat for people who like their horror movies brooding , bloody and laced with dark humor .
Land is pure entertainment and superbly well done .
Romero has given us , as well as the zombies , a lot to chew on . There is as much allegory to his tale as there is blood , and let me tell you , there 's no shortage of blood .
Once again , George Romero has made a zombie movie for the times we live in .
Land of the Dead is rich with political metaphors and social satire , none of which ever throws us out of the story or slows the breakneck pace .
Romero obliges those who are less concerned with meaning than with hard-core gore .
It 's still pretty mindless , but , really , what did you expect from a bunch of zombies ?
Romero was savvy enough to turn a $ 100,000 indie quickie into a classic and he shows he can still make a corpse stagger with his new film , George A. Romero 's Land of the Dead .
Land of the Dead has got everything Romero 's fans have been waiting for , and more .
The only summer movie that matters this year ... Land of the Dead is Romero 's long-awaited masterpiece ...
Does the horror maestro , now in his mid-60s , still have what it takes ? Oh yes , he does .
The most shocking thing about Land of the Dead is not the vivid dismemberments but how boldly Romero holds a macabre mirror up to post-9 / 11 America .
After a while , I was hoping for something besides more of the same old gore . The zombie genre is n't dead yet , but it 's starting to look a little stiff .
Fails to deliver on its class warfare premise , fizzling out just when it should be heating up .
Pogo 's mournful eureka -- ` We have met the enemy and he is us ' -- never resonates more clearly than in Romero 's work .
Land of the Dead is easily the worst of Romero 's four zombie movies , and clearly should have never been made .
Awful , horrible , dreadful , and most of all boring !
This is n't just a good horror movie ; it 's a good movie , a biting look at the growing gap between the haves and the have-nots in our culture .
For those who 've waited 20 years for another expert combination of social satire and zombie action , Land is a serious disappointment .
All the little touches are a delight . Romero shows you can still be creative with gore as zombies find new , inventive ways to disembowel people .
Land of the Dead works , and at times it works amazingly well -- but it 's no classic , and I seriously doubt it will ever be considered as such .
There 's something Steinbeckian about Riley and Charlie , how they dream about gettin ' away and finding a bit of land where there 's no zombies , maybe gettin ' those rabbits ...
The man who invented the modern zombie film comes back to his roots with this spooky , goopy horror flick about power and survival .
Good , but not great ... Romero has been surpassed by his imitators , who have learned to make zombie flicks with greater skill than the master himself .
It 's really nice to see him with a budget ... Romero 's gone and made the zombie version of Metropolis .
Romero 's script is n't a thing of grace and beauty , but it achieves a sort of brawny entertainment that works in the moment .
it is a thrill to see a horror movie concerned with more than how many cool ways they can gross us out
Romero 's satiric cultural slant has never been as finely tuned and elevates just another chapter into something deeper and scarier .
For some of us , every day is a good day for zombies , and Land of the Dead lets their primary wholesaler do what he does best .
The social commentary is n't subtle , but Romero delivers the goods so effectively that many wo n't even notice .
George A. Romero 's Land of the Dead reveals that Romero remains the master of a genre he reinvented .
The acting is sloppy , the story convoluted , the finale anticlimactic . But because this is not just a zombie movie , but one made by the undisputed zombie master , it 's easier to forgive the lapses .
After a 20-year hiatus , George A. Romero , who practically invented his own creepy cinematic genre with 1968 's Dawn of the Living Dead and its sequels , returns with his most ingenious and ambitious zombie film yet .
An excellent freakout of a movie .
Land of the Dead proves the most socially trenchant , irreverent and politically daring of the series , the one with the most food -LRB- and gore -RRB- for thought .
With Land of the Dead , Romero shows he still has the talent to scare us -LRB- and gross us out -RRB- in creative ways .
... zombies are now the new bottom of the class system , subject to indignities which enrage their leader , Big Daddy -LRB- Eugene Clark , a Black man , taking Romero full circle ...
Romero still has a gift for expressive carnage and for turning zombies into something more than mindless , festering , plague-spreading viscera-chewers .
There 's no real joy in this undertaking , which seems to prize grossing out the members of its audience above freaking them out .
Gritty , dark and unapologetically violent , Land of the Dead is a solid , serious zombie movie .
Romero delivers the satire and the gory action ... -LSB- but this -RSB- is n't the masterpiece the posters claim . Still , lackluster Romero is better than no Romero at all ...
Land of the Dead may not be the ` masterpiece ' its promoters claim , but it is the work of a master .
Further evidence that you can reanimate the dead only so many times .
It 's good to see -LSB- Romero -RSB- back in the genre he invented with Night of the Living Dead , and still using zombies not simply for target practice but as a device for social satire .
A franchise that should be put out of its misery .
Nothing more than a zombie movie , but it 's a first-class zombie movie , good , ghoulish fun , staged with skill and a nicely twisted sense of humor .
Land of the Dead does n't lack for creeps . It 's just likely not the kind of complete frightfest that will have you wanting to go back for seconds .
Apart from the sunshiny ending , brains are all over the place in both respects in Land of the Dead , a fine example of hard-R genre fun .
Whatever Romero is trying to say this time is buried beneath a barrage of deafening gunfire and explosions .
A refreshing and assured meditation on tolerance that does a darn good job of masquerading as a zombie shoot-em-up .
There 's a sense that Romero has run out of ideas and is recycling .
I did n't think Romero could come back at this late stage of the game and redefine the whole genre - but he does .
the film works best on that deliciously , subversively subliminal level , twisting its metaphor of exploited underclasses
The main problem of Land of the Dead is that it 's lame .
It was thought that George A. Romero would save the weakening horror genre . Instead , he joined it .
Romero may have enhanced the scale of his production , but not his iconic status in the zombie-making hierarchy .
This well crafted horor actioner brings up to date the zombie genre that Romero had launched in 1968 , with self-conscious humor and more explicit class politics
How disappointing that Land of the Dead is a familiar rehashing of what Romero already covered in Day of the Dead .
There 's little to distinguish this movie from the countless imitators -LRB- Romero 's -RRB- work has spawned .
The latest installment could well be Romero 's masterpiece .
A tour de force of not only independent filmmaking but independent thinking , rigorously worked out on all craft and technical levels yet enlivened by its twisted engagement with the real world .













@highlight

George A. Romero 's latest entry in his much-vaunted Dead series is not as fresh as his genre-inventing original , Night of the Living Dead . But Land of the Dead does deliver on the gore and zombies-feasting-on-flesh action .