What really distinguishes the film-banned in Iran , it goes without saying-is the enormous risks these musicians take , which Ghobadi ultimately drives home with legitimate dramatic license .
Semi-improvised and shot on the run , No One Knows About Persian Cats is undeniably rough around the edges , but its raw immediacy is exhilarating .
An appealing cast of aspiring young musicians ostensibly play themselves in this naive , shapeless , but often fascinating 2009 drama .
Moves forward with a carefree appreciation for music and the people who make it , and all the while , bitter reality is waiting in the background , waiting to take over .
full review at Movies for the Masses
There 's a real life-threatening risk being in this pic .
If the whole enterprise seems underdeveloped , that 's obviously in part a symptom of the system it gently but resoundingly critiques .
A vibrant , engaging portrait of a generation bursting with repressed creativity .
If the movie contained nothing but musical performances , it would be worth the price of admission . Beyond that , it is about as good an explanation of why Iranian youth revolved as you like to find .
It might have been a better idea for the makers of No One Knows About Persian Cats to make a straightforward documentary .
No One Knows About Persian Cats ends on a sudden note of tragedy that almost ruins the exuberant spirit of everything that has preceded it .
I am loving No One Knows About Persian Cats , its moving story about real people who just want to play music , first rate production % u2013 it is hard to believe that this was all shot guerrilla style in the heart of Muslim Tehran % u2013 and terrific
It 's a slice of reality hidden under a narrative veneer , illustrating the plight of Iran 's muzzled arts community . That 's hard-to-resist stuff , and it makes Persian Cats purr .
Ghobadi has emerged as a filmmaker whose gift for poetic realism was only equaled by an unerring sense of precisely when and how to break the viewer 's heart .
Over and over , the movie stops in its tracks to listen to musicians play , offering witness to their travails and ingenuity .
Kind of like John Carney 's 2006 hardscrabble charmer Once , only with morality police and sharia law .
The underground music scene in Tehran comes to life in all these different sort of clandestine studio scenes .
A winning and celebratory look at Tehran 's distressed rock musicians .
Part amusing docudrama , part music video collection , Ghobadi makes sharp political observations without getting on a soap box ...
A swinging look at underground rock music in Tehran and the young hopefuls who make it happen .
The blend of tunes and plot works just fine as a daisy chain of music videos , though some of the glossier segments feel out of place in an otherwise rough-hewn film about art in the face of repression . These cats are wild at heart .
Shot on location , filled with real people portraying themselves , Ghobadi takes risks other filmmakers would run screaming from , his film oozing with a validity it never would have achieved otherwise .
The dynamic sequences of musical performances are interspersed with vignettes that come off tense or comic as the trio moves through back alleys and the underground in an urgent , life-and-death quest for freedom and rock 'n' roll .
Not as lyrically overwhelming as Ghobadi 's previous works , A Time for Drunken Horses -LRB- 2000 -RRB- and Turtles Can Fly -LRB- 2004 -RRB- , the politics of this offering more than make up for that lack .
No One Knows About Persian Cats is an exhilarating examination of a leading Iranian criminal enterprise -- music ...
The film has a remarkably exuberant spirit that is impossible to resist ...
Unassuming yet powerful , the film shows that Iranian indie rock is more authentically alt than any underground scene in the Western world .
Transporting the audience into Tehran 's illegal underworld scene of `` western-influenced '' music , director Bahman Ghobadi reveals America 's pervasive influence of indie rock and rap music on Iran 's youth .
A tribute to the courage and creativity of Tehran 's underground indie-bands and their rebellion against a law forbidding them to play rock music .
Genuinely poignant , compelling and unflinchingly honest with just the right balance of dramatic tension and comic relief
It strikes me as something of an Iranian version of The Harder They Come , with a bit of a political jab .
Stubborn , high-spirited and carefully calculated rebellion is Mr. Ghobadi 's subject , and also the prevailing ethic of his film .
On one level , Nobody Knows About Persian Cats is just another story about a bunch of indie-rock wannabes , but writer/director Bahman Ghobadi 's vaguely vérité look at the underground music scene in contemporary Iran has a certain built-in drama factor .
Fraught experiences of Tehran 's underground musical community of frustrated young people -- blues , hip hop , crooners , rockers -- is barely fictionalized with humorous irony .
The subject may be serious , but Ghobadi 's approach is mostly light and humorous , at least until the final scenes .
Bahman Ghobadi 's documentary-style drama has an undeniably important message and provides a glimpse of Iran 's underground music scene that 's both interesting and informative .
A cry for freedom
Though it 's cool to hear the variety of the Iranian underground music scene -LRB- which encompasses heavy metal , blues , folk , hip-hop , and cabaret-pop , among other styles -RRB- , No One Knows About Persian Cats is a drama largely devoid of , well , drama .
The close-to-the-ground style compensates for the tenuous narrative structure by capturing the energy and variety of Tehran 's music scene in all its bravery .
Cconsidering that everything the movie shows -- including two women singing a folk song -- is illegal , bravado is a given .
These artists are risking everything by playing Western-influenced music ; that Ghobadi cheapens and cheeses up their subversion with Hollywood tricks makes for a seriously bitter irony .
The film establishes a verité intimacy that is often little interested in acknowledging the rigidity of the documentary/fiction divide .
A fine , optimistic companion piece for the Irish film Once , which won Glen Hansard the best song Oscar in 2008 .
In this entertaining mix of documentary and narrative film , Kurdish-Iranian director Bahman Ghobadi turns his camera on the Iranian underground music scene .
Vividly shows that the young people of Teheran are n't any different from anyone else . Although they have a lot more obstacles
This film may be regarded as a minor work in Ghobadi 's career , yet I get the feeling that it is what is personally most important to him .
As rock musicals go , it 's exceptionally hard on the ears . I have n't heard singing this bad since Pete Doherty was in his prime .
Bahman Ghobadi 's exploration into the world of underground music in Tehran is a welcome antidote to the blasé , pedestrian , apathetic state of the music industry in the West .
Ghobadi 's yarn is loosely ravelled , but the songs are likable .
Bahman Ghobadi 's fifth full-length feature unveils Tehran 's underground music scene , revealing a pulsating world of rappers , indie kids and thrash metallers forced to practice in dinghy basements and hide their NMEs from the law .
Western music is officially banned in Iran , and here Kurdish director Bahman Ghobadi celebrates the sound of youth and its growing mood of resistance in a whirlwind survey of Tehran 's underground rock scene .
The mid-section drags slightly , but the cumulative effect is powerful , revealing what it 's like to live in a society where even well-behaved kids can be crushed by the dictates of arbitrary , heavy-handed authority .
Bahman Ghobadi ca n't be faulted for showcasing so many bands , and the mix is wonderfully eclectic , but the linking episodes are n't always riveting .
The ` story ' is somewhat simplistic , but the state-of-a-nation snapshot it allows to be revealed is complex and highly emotive .
Of special interest to viewers who are into international politics or indie rock .
He blends the genres of concert film , social drama , comedy , and thriller into a cohesive faux-documentary , adjusting his style to insure a snug fit .
This bold piece of docu-fiction , an open protest against censorship and the repression of individual liberties , will no doubt make waves in Iran .
Scrappy and overlong , it works better as a documentary than as a drama , though its ending is both unexpected and deeply moving .
Fueled by frustration with the myriad prohibitions governing life in Iran , No One Knows About Persian Cats strings an improvised tale around Tehran 's underground indie-rock scene .

@highlight

Bringing a dose of humor and a fresh perspective to a very serious subject , No One Knows About Persian Cats is an exhilarating , quietly powerful tribute to the courage of Iran 's underground musicians .