Atomic Blonde is the best espionage 80s music video ever . This film is a fantastic display of stylized movie making and storytelling like we have n't seen in some time .
... a thinking-person 's action flick , with survival a priority at every turn while all the players are manipulating each other ... believe Theron was born to play her part .
It 's not very original , but it 's presented with enough style and acted with enough dedication to be intriguing , exciting and entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
So while maybe assigning a statuesque platinum blond to deep cover ops is n't the best idea ... Atomic Blonde is still good , stylish fun .
Atomic Blonde is a chick fronted , action spy flick with teeth .
When it sticks to being a pulpy action homage to the powers of Charlize Theron ... it almost always shoots straight .
This movie had so many branches of what it was trying to do that it did n't really do anything .
It is the kind of film that 's meant to be enjoyed for its visceral thrills more than its logic . If you 're seeking great action , it 's hard to do better this summer .
Undoubtedly it is a production that vindicates the sometimes abused action cinema ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Theron -RSB- is firing on all cylinders here , proving blondes not only have more fun , they have more guns - and know how to use them .
They live and die by the creativity of their fighting and shooting . These are things you would 've thought had no more creative angles to exploit , but with a lot of choreography and a sheen of Berlin cool rinsed through the whole caper , there 's plenty .
Brutal fight choreography closer to the Bourne movies than `` Bad '' .
The film is a fun-enough summer diversion , but it 's not nearly as clever or stylish as it thinks it is .
Lean , mean , swift , and sure , Atomic Blonde is the kind of action movie we need in the contemporary morass of CGIed to mush spectacle .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a deftly paced , hyper-kinetic juggernaut that is n't only ridiculously and painfully-realistically violent ... but also attempts to pull an action movie double-salchow by injecting some genuine intelligence and intrigue .
Theron owns `` Atomic Blonde . ''
At least the action is another win for director David Leitch ; you wo n't believe how many ways Charlize Theron can kill someone with a rope
has style to spare and a canonic soundtrack of '80s New Wave pop , which is used primarily to paper over a tired espionage plot and paper-thin characters
Charlize Theron absolutely slays the role .
Boasting a fantastic soundtrack of '80s hits ... -LSB- and -RSB- a commanding performance by Theron , `` Atomic Blonde '' delivers visceral kick-ass action with tremendous panache .
Atomic Blonde is a Cold War version of James Bond if Agent 007 were a. . . female .
This bloody , brutal , bruising and completely uncompromising picture knows where its strengths lie , putting the incomparable stunt work at the forefront .
Charlize Theron ... definitely proves she 's a force to be reckoned with .
A stylish Cold War thriller with killer visuals , striking performances , and a fond admiration for great moviemaking .
Atomic is one of those movies that are appreciated if you do not take them seriously ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although the plot is underwhelming , the action sequences really stand out with Theron leading the way with a commanding performance .
The one and only reason why Atomic Blonde becomes a sinfully good action movie is Charlize Theron 's supremely choreographed action sequences . She throws the kitchen sink at this film .
It 's great to a female-led action film but Atomic Blonde is a few notches below John Wick .
Charlize Theron has created her own version of ` James Bond ' - one that could easily last a few more rounds down the line .
-LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron is SPECTACULAR as Lorraine , leading with Lorraine 's spy-trained shrewdness and emotional armor , but also touching on moments of vulnerability that she ca n't afford to expose .
Funny but unoriginal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Theron 's energy in Atomic Blonde is simply mind-boggling . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of those films in which one must relax and enjoy the narrative journey with its seduction and violence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a nutshell , the best part is watching Theron kicking ass .
It combines a noir-ish , Sin City-like narrative knowingness , which invites us not to take the whole thing too seriously , with the slick visual style of an expensive advert or music video . Realistic it is not .
If style was all that a film needed to succeed , Atomic Blonde would be one of the best movies of the year .
-LSB- Atomic Blonde -RSB- cements -LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron as one of our greatest modern action stars .
The ` female James Bond ' label ? -LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron earns it , but she does n't need it .
There is n't a better time for a movie like Atomic Blonde ...
A choreography of blows turned into a form of fine arts . And with Charlize at the center of it all , even more beautiful art . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron strides like a woman born to break both hearts and necks . -LSB- James -RSB- McAvoy and agency bosses John Goodman and Toby Jones provide amusing backup , but Theron lights the fire that keeps Atomic Blonde burning .
With good editing , rhythm and lots of action , Atomic Blonde is guaranteed entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The result is mediocre and does n't do justice to this spy , whose look evokes Debbie Harry , the leader of Blondie , in her good times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Predictable , professional , but at the end decidedly enjoyable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film draws on the recurring tricks of the espionage story to show how an astute and seductive woman works in the hostile grounds of mistrust and betrayal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Atomic Blonde is , ultimately , stylish but too often dull , and far too long .
Visually , the film is all that we could expect from a production located in an European country in the late 80 's and the action sequences make the film flow .
It seemed to promise more but this adaptation is just as cold as its protagonist and the city that receives her . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Apologies to Bond , Bourne and John Le Carré adaptations , but when it comes to slick spy flicks , this blonde really does have much more fun .
A non stop of sequences without dialogue , pure minimalism , action as effective as crazy and meta-referential . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At the end dominates only the facade . Inside , there 's just an empty set . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A hybrid between the free action in the sense of the measure , spy cinema and the exhibition of the protagonist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Atomic Blonde wobbles when it piles on layer upon layer of thorny , labyrinthine John Le Carre-style plotting . The rest of the movie does n't pack the weight or the multidimensional characters necessary to justify it .
How many stylistic trump cards can one movie play before you start wondering whether it has anything else in its deck ? For me , so many that I eventually stopped caring what Atomic Blonde might deal next .
Am I obligated to mention that this action film is excellent on its own merits and not because of , or in spite of , a woman being the lead ? How exhausting .
For the most part , Atomic Blonde is an atomic blast , delivering on the action and allure with style and panache . Theron is one cool action badass .
It 's clear immediately that filmmaker David Leitch is n't looking to deliver a gritty spy thriller here ...
Exults in the filthy , glorious energy of divided Berlin at its most ragged and hedonistic .
Check in for the impressive bursts of violence but be prepared for a surplus of downtime - a near death sentence for a movie called `` Atomic Blonde . ''
Atomic Blonde is a film that , despite its flaws , should not be missed .
Even an actor as good as Theron ca n't turn a set of cynical commercial considerations into a character .
Theron is magnetic as the ruthless , taciturn spy , in addition to giving a remarkable physical performance . Like Keanu Reeves in `` John Wick '' and Liam Neeson in `` Taken , '' this is the kind of role that could help define a career .
Atomic Blonde is pure escapism -- two hours of an adrenaline rush , nonstop good guys vs. bad guys .
It 's exhilarating to see Lorraine deliver vicious punches and kicks , using nearby objects to inflict damage .
A little overlong and lacking the thematic clout to justify its knotty plot , Atomic Blonde is nevertheless an exhilarating , visceral actioner
Charlize Theron works furiously to bring some small weight to a character so feathery she barely manages to remain attached to the screen .
An act of sampling that 's neither original or personable enough to be a work of art in its own right .
As an action film , it 's irreproachable -- just do n't expect it to mean anything .
! t 's all very watchable , Le Carre-esque , Cold War fun .
Despite her best sardonic smouldering and an extensive designer wardrobe , Theron ca n't make anything compelling of her character , an empty vessel in a spy story that delivers low-IQ le Carré .
This lean , mean , fighting machine is lost in a very flabby plot .
You forget to breathe . More importantly , you forget to question the needlessly complicated layers of double-crossing that clog up the third act of an otherwise impressively lean piece of storytelling .
It is Theron 's unchanging visage and her claim to the female Bond crown that steer the show from one head-scratching but ravishing scene to the next .
Atomic Blonde would not have worked at all had it not been for two things - Charlize Theron , and a host of crisply choreographed action sequences .
The living , breathing , bleeding life of the breathtaking fight scenes can not overcome confusingly twisty spy intrigue and multiple male gazes on the story .
It might be the least feminist film of all time .
In a victory for style over substance , it forces the instincts to follow the plot and care about the characters to surrender to its and Theron 's unrelenting cool .
After being the only interesting thing in Mad Max : Fury Road and giving the Fast & Furious crew a run for their money in F8 Charlize Theron here consolidates her position as cinema 's most dangerous action movie female .
It 's the kind of movie in which characters foxily pull down their shades to reveal come-to-bed eyes ; the kind of movie in which hot women take luxurious drags off half-smoked cigarettes , and walk with the clip-clop of stilettos on cold concrete .
With these kinds of colourful characters and plenty of tangled intrigue , the film should be a lot of fun . But director David Leitch and writer Kurt Johnstad play it in a way that feels oddly simplistic .
More cold fusion than hot fission , Atomic Blonde tries to icily merge Berlin-noir and gritty spy-thriller ... but it remains more of a strut-about exercise in style .
The constant suggestion of cross and double-cross becomes a little wearing as the film heads to the two-hour mark and we never really care about the characters or feel they do more than strike the coolest of poses and the fiercest of blows .
This would have been nothing without Theron .
At the end of the day it 's an action movie and in that regard Atomic Blonde kicks serious ass .
What Theron sells superbly , as she did in Mad Max : Fury Road in 2015 , is , simply , ferocity .
Theron makes for an extremely compelling kung fu cipher , and there is one extended action scene set in an apartment building that almost justifies the entire endeavor .
Atomic Blonde is fun and goofy , but takes itself very seriously .
Occasionally muddled and nowhere near as feminist as it should have been , Atomic Blonde still emerges -- battered and bruised -- as a tremendously entertaining action-adventure that deserves to kick-start its own franchise .
Atomic Blonde is eventually a lot of fun . Theron 's conviction makes what could be sexist fluff into some kind of feminist , personal statement , and a franchise which should thrive .
When the relationships between the leading characters are all so superficial and everyone is deceiving everyone else , it is very hard to engage emotionally with the movie .
Watching Atomic Blonde is a cinematic crash course . It 's a course in how to crash a movie , and a script , and a cast ; how to crash them till nothing is left but smoking smithereens .
Theron 's magnificent . She lifts a very good action spy thriller into another echelon entirely by her total commitment , professionalism , ability and class ... She 's present in a fundamentally and startlingly raw , exposed , intimate way ... I was mesmerised .
Most of Leitch 's energy goes into the stunts , which have a mesmerising rhythm to them , together with ingeniously intricate choreography .
Choreographed beautifully , the camerawork is excellent and watching the fight sequences unfold is almost brutally poetic in nature .
Call off the search for the next James Bond . She 's already here .
While it 's not a perfect female-centric spy thriller -LRB- let 's keep trying -RRB- , Atomic Blonde winks to the future with exciting possibilities .
There are many people willing to watch Charlize Theron commit violent acts ; Atomic Blonde is one such vehicle that never fails to deliver in that regard .
Charlize Theron is a badass in this sexy , stylish and smart action flick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Charlize Theron shines but Atomic Blonde needed more highlights .
Theron carries it off with style of course ...
A combination of a spy film and an action movie that does n't quite materialize , but at least it does present us with a character with enough virtues to be curious about a probable sequel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The action movie of the year has style , attitude , a good soundtrack , imaginative use of furniture as deadly weapons and even quotes Tarkovski . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Theron is totally badass in a relentless thriller that never takes its foot off the gas . Bold and brash , with some of the year 's most bruising fight scenes .
Leitch imbues a stylistic fervour in Atomic Blonde ; a picture illuminated by its indelible neon glow , portraying the city of Berlin in an affectionate , striking light - and yet the film never compromises on its commitment to brutality .
Shamelessly smouldering from start to finish and letting its ladies have most of the fun , it 's an ace actioner , in perfect tune with our age of disillusionment .
Smashing , adrenaline-propelled spy thriller that 's steely and stylish .
The opening scene promises us the real acting of `` Monster . '' What we get is fist fights and a lariat .
Even with the playfully stylized flourishes teasing coherency from a pointlessly complicated narrative , the film has a giddy devotion to its own daft momentum .
Theron throws herself into the colourful maelstrom and comes out -LRB- almost -RRB- unscathed . We need more spies like this , whether the war is hot or cold .
You could really hate yourself in the morning for being entertained by this coolly preposterous blockbuster .
Broughton may not have 007 's arsenal of gadgets , but she does have a signature drink and kick-ass moves that she shows off in the hands-down best fight scene of the year .
If you like your action impressively staged and literally and figuratively hard-hitting , you could do far worse than what 's offered here . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The picture rocks and rolls , razzles and dazzles .
Sadly , the spy movie limits its female protagonist by framing her as a sex object for male viewers .
Just because Atomic Blonde acknowledges its own derivativeness does n't excuse it or redeem it , in the end .
The fight scenes are gripping because they look real . It 's not the stylistic biff and bash of a superhero film but up-close bareknuckled brawling .
Atomic Blonde is n't an exact copy of John Wick , and while it is n't as good , there are still excellent elements that help redeem this spy thriller .
I can guarantee you at least one moment of ass-kicking amazement that will make the whole film feel like it was worth seeing .
This vicious , contorted spy film is without the smoother qualities of a Bond flick , movies made for an audience that accepts the old movie euphemisms for sex and violence .
At best it 's a sexy gut-punch of grisly gunfire and A-list gorgeousness , one that will make you wish for secret agent Lorraine Broughton 's rapid return in something a bit more substantial .
A pulsing spy thriller with sex , excellent music and bucketloads of riveting action , Atomic Blonde owes its success to Charlize Theron 's ability to carry off the role of agent Lorraine Broughton with such confidence and style .
Atomic Blonde is a wild , sordid , violent ride .
The movie 's ambition of melding spy-thriller drama with gloriously violent action flick falls apart when the former fails to keep pace with the latter .
It may be little too concerned with dishing out twist after predictable twist , plot-wise , but that ultimately does n't really matter when a film looks and feels this cool .
The Atomic Blonde that Leitch delivers is a mostly moribund , disjointed , often incomprehensible and vaguely pervy mess . Pity .
An action thriller of hyper-stylised visuals and a catchy 80s soundtrack , it raises your heartbeat to fight-or-flight levels .
If Atomic Blonde 's raison-d'etre is nothing more than to launch an action franchise for Theron , I 'm all in .
Adapting Sam Hart and Antony Johnston 's graphic novel The Coldest City , Kurt Johnstad has written a smart exploitation thriller .
As far as action goes , this is a decent action film , like a James Bond film with some John Wickisms thrown in . The body count is very high . I did not find it very engaging as spy mystery . By the end , I had ceased to care who is on whose side .
Tinker , tailor , soldier , babes . Not a good look .
It 's cool and brutal , but with such impressive action credentials you almost wish there were fewer plot devices to distract you as Charlize gets up and at 'em .
While the finer points of the story are impossible to follow , Theron deploys bewitching beauty , bone-breaking brawn and belittling eye contact that is impossible to resist .
Without a doubt one of the greatest action stars of today , Atomic Blonde offers a spectacular platform for Charlize Theron 's skills .
The action in Atomic Blonde is top-shelf ; but the plot that knits it together , crucial to any good spy film , is a whole lot flimsier .
Atomic Blonde does n't reinvent the wheel and never really tries to . It occasionally gets tangled in its own web but it accomplishes what it set out to do .
`` Atomic Blonde '' musters up just enough heat to blow you away .
Playing the closest thing we have currently to a female Bond in Atomic Blonde , Theron delivers an electric performance that 's brutal and sexy at the same time .
The logical companion piece to the summer hit Baby Driver , Atomic Blonde is another movie largely defined by its cool-as-ice characters , its action-packed set-pieces , and its awesome mix tape of classic tunes readily available for iTunes download .
Wan na see Charlize Theron kick some class ? See ` Atomic Blonde . '
Agent Lorraine Broughton -LRB- Charlize Theron -RRB- distinguishes herself in many ways among the genre 's spies , from her vodka fetish to her bold fashion sense to her savage fighting skills and not least , to her sensual beauty .
David Leitch 's stunt-packed action thriller has enough eye candy in the shapely form of the fabulous Charlize Theron as she dons high fashion before tantalisingly removing it ...
Theron is perennially present , sullen sculpture . No need for backstory , no need for maudlin sentiment . There are a couple of love scenes with a French spy that impress ... understated and discomfortingly erotic . Present ; tense .
The real problem is the story . It has enough bits and pieces of action and drama to work as a graphic novel . But it 's not enough to make this movie a roller coaster ride .
Here 's a tip : skip the movie , buy the soundtrack .
It 's a calorie-free serving of simple pleasures , and sometimes that 's exactly what you need .
The movie 's core sequence ... makes conscientious and creative use of the three primary elements of action films : fists , guns , cars - all real , and no CG , purists will no doubt notice .
At the end of the day , Atomic Blonde is all about doing cool things and looking cool while doing them .
You either want to watch Charlize Theron dismantle German cops with cruel efficiency while George Michael 's `` Father Figure '' blares over a boombox , or you do n't .
Charlize Theron continues to prove she can hold her own against any man in the action genre and even goes so far as to teach them a few things inside the exhilarating Atomic Blonde .
There is no one more deserving than Charlize Theron to be crowned Hollywood 's next action hero . The story needs work , though .
Is n't about anything more than the spy game and how to make it to the end of the board ... Then , too , there is Theron , whose kind of un-performance in repose keeps breaking out into ferocious fighting that suggests a feral Jackie Chan .
The only thing that keeps you watching - besides the terrific music -- is Theron , who establishes herself as the world 's foremost action heroine -LRB- sorry Wonder Woman -RRB- by bringing style and -- yes ! -- beauty to the old-fashioned butt-kicking .
While there is discussion to be had about her breaking the mold -- the violence and the sex are very much on her terms -- this is still a summer action movie .
Atomic Blonde is appealingly different , which , storytelling issues aside , makes it a pleasure to immerse yourself in .
Can a woman step into James Bond 's shoes ? Duh , says Charlize Theron as she performs the cold-as-ice secret agent shtick backwards , and in red patent-leather stilettos , in the engaging spy-vs-spy thriller Atomic Blonde .
What 's refreshing is how this slight film has the balls to work in an homage to the great Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky ... .
Theron nails the tone with her RuPaul walk , her inner allegiance to Bowie and an Annie Lennox androgyny that defined sexual power in that moment ... it almost feels strangely dated , which is another reason why it 's worth forgiving the film 's many flaws ...
From the endless and endlessly obvious music cues to the painstakingly rendered neon settings and punk rock accouterments decorating the Communist underground -- this is a movie about nothing beyond that setting .
Theron is wonderful and Leitch proves he 's got impressive directorial chops . As dopey as the central mystery at the heart of this Cold War spy-versus-spy tale might be , I was never bored for a single second .
Theron fights , punches , kicks , and shoots her way through this beautifully choreographed , narratively complex , but slightly sluggish action movie ...
Atomic Blonde has flaws but in the end it still delivers a great fix for action junkies and inspires hope that even a woman in her 40s can be the lead in an action movie .
Theron makes Atomic Blonde stylish with her sheer presence .
The action scenes are simply stunning , jaw-dropping even , but there just are n't enough of them to overcome Atomic Blonde 's lumbering plot .
A banging Cold War thriller starring Charlize Theron as an MI6 agent who could break every bone in 007 's body -LRB- especially Pierce Brosnan -RRB- .
The plot 's pedestrian and familiar , but Theron still yanks the thing over the finish line .
Atomic Blonde is less a movie than a mood . But if you 're in the mood for what it has on offer , you 'll emerge one happy camper .
Atomic Blonde can be meandering , sometimes indulgent , yet its infrequent strong scenes overpower the weak ones .
As intriguing as that cat-and-mouse mind game is , it 's not until we get to Lorraine touching down in Berlin to hunt for the list that the film generates real pyrotechnics .
Leitch has worked as a stuntman , and he knows how to stage action . In Atomic Blonde , he finds in 1989 Berlin a nearly ideal environment for photogenic bloodshed .
Having a female action star is n't enough to make a film feminist , and like so many other action films , Atomic Blonde falls short in how it portrays women , and how it portrays same-sex relationships .
If you can get past the cliches and corny characters , and if you want your MTV , some fun fashions and a lady who takes charge , you might fall hard for Theron as the positively nuclear Atomic Blonde .
You do n't go to operas for dancing or ballets for singing , and you do n't see Atomic Blonde for anything but a badass female protagonist crunching bones and pulping faces in gratifyingly long takes or remarkable simulations thereof .
The way Leitch captures all of the fighting , the way Theron sells the hell out of the fisticuffs , and the utter brutality of it all is astounding . It makes you wish that the rest of the movie was even half as exhilarating .
The careless plot bruises the film , otherwise rife with jagged brio , electric visuals and a steamy , gnarled nest of vipers .
Whenever Theron is n't punching somebody in the throat we kinda wish she would go off in search of her next victim .
If you can live on flashiness alone , it knows how to get the job done . Just do n't expect much steak beneath the sizzle .
Atomic Blonde is junk .
Even if the well-choreographed fights , chases and shootouts do n't add up to much , they do provide quite the adrenaline rush .
Leitch 's across-the-board approach is purely cosmetic , ever-ready to eschew shades of detail when crass shorthand will suffice .
Perhaps it 's not surprising that -LSB- Leitch -RSB- winds up with something that feels like a tough-minded drama rejiggered into a hard-bodied action-adventure . But it is a bit disappointing . Still , there are consolations .
Taking the good with the bad , Atomic Blonde balances out to a decent entertainment . If you go into it just looking to have fun and do n't try to examine the muddled plot too much , then you 'll probably have a good time .
I 'm not going to dismiss any film that has so much inventive action and moves with such style . I just wish someone had written a better movie for the parts where the fists and bullets are n't flying .
The idea of staging most of the action to a jukebox of '80s hits might be slightly more effective if the film featured just one song that has n't already been used to death in movies .
Atomically underwhelming .
One amazing action scene is a bright spot in an otherwise dull , impossibly contrived spy thriller that 's dressed up with a pulsing 80s synth-pop soundtrack and a darkly lit neon setting .
Hopefully the inevitable sequel will tell a better story and not rely so heavily on the goodwill of having a female kicking , punching and stabbing the bad guys .
Atomic Blonde is a stylish , yet uneven , thriller , punctuated by a strong performance by Theron and thrilling action set pieces .
The 42-going-on-25-year-old actress epitomizes the hashtag #slay as acrobatic , brutal MI6 spy Lorraine Broughton .
Some of the most impressive bone-cracking you 're likely to have seen since ... well , since the last John Wick movie .
Action so raw you 'll need your own ice bath after leaving the theater .
Atomic Blonde is bold , brazen and frequently bonkers . But it 's also killer .
The way it detonates off the screen makes the film live up to its name . It 's atomic , and it 's a blast .
Feeling very much like something of the 1980s infused with an even more retro but en vogue martial arts flair , Director David Leitch attacks the graphic novel series `` The Coldest City '' with unabashed , spirited cool .
Theron makes one hell of a superspy , and it 's high time she got her `` John Wick '' moment .
It 's not that all the mayhem leading up to that mega-brawl is negligible , mind you ; it 's just that the big donnybrook/shootout in Atomic Blonde is epic and worth putting up with all the narrative woolgathering .
While it 's still an enjoyable novelty to spend time during an action movie wondering where I could buy the hero 's boots , it 's no substitute for a good story .
Unlike its title character , `` Atomic Blonde '' keeps missing the mark .
Atomic Blonde may be high in empty calories , but craftsmanship of this level is rare and exhilarating , and worth surviving some muddled plotting to appreciate .
We do n't need a woman-version of -LSB- James Bond -RSB- . We need a fully-fledged , complex woman who stands on her own . And Atomic Blonde gives us just that .
Unfortunately , Atomic Blonde turns out to be nothing more than a series of sometimes visually impressive , but perpetually banal sequences in a story that lacks interest or coherence , played out by characters who have no substance .
Sensational . Jason Bourne and James Bond - this is the genre 's alpha successor . Theron is a goddess .
Atomic Blonde is the proverbial stained-glass window , only made of very bright and unsubtle neon . Unhindered by other pretensions , however , it marks a brilliant new phase in Theron 's career .
As a spy thriller , this is riddled with problems ... As an action flick , though , this is stellar .
Atomic Blonde is a routine exercise in spy games , bolstered by some dynamic and brutal action sequences .
It 's an atomic triumph of spy thriller action and storytelling .
Atomic Blonde may be confusing , empty and disappointing , but when sleek and sinewy British MI6 agent Lorraine Broughton goes DEFCON-1 on the bad guys , boredom dies first .
As strong and formidable and commandingly tall as Ms. Theron is , she ca n't rise above the gloom .
Sometimes in life , all you want is something that looks super awesome , regardless of whether it makes any sense . Atomic Blonde manages that trick in spades .
Should this be a series , audiences can look back on Atomic Blonde as the erratic-but-on-to-something near miss that it is , in the way that 007 fans honor Dr. No but acknowledge Goldfinger was where the franchise really took flight .
If the James Bond franchise people ever get creative and cast a female 007 , Charlize Theron will have to be high on their list of possible candidates .
If you 're an action nut with an affinity for technical movie magic , then Atomic Blonde will almost certainly deliver , but those looking for a coherent story should look elsewhere .
By the time the action finally arrives in the film 's second half , you no longer care . Any energy you might have invested in this ugly world filled with shallow characters has been squandered on silly spy plots and shoddy storytelling .
`` Atomic Blonde '' may be a delirious exercise in outré nonsense , but it can also be a brutally effective action picture when the inspiration strikes .
Leitch has form here - he was one half of the team who gave us Keanu Reeves as a soul-sick assassin in John Wick - and outdoes himself on every imaginable superficial level .
The visuals in Atomic Blonde pop right off the screen . Leitch periodically zooms in for tight close-ups of the stunning Theron , who conveys a world of emotions with a subtle movement of the eyes .
It 's sexy and stylish and filled with a bludgeoning dose of '80s pop tunes that do make for a fun time , even if the story gets stuck in the weeds at points . Theron elevates the movie with a commanding performance .
While ` Atomic Blonde ' might not be bad enough to be renamed ` Atomic Bomb , ' after the preposterous postscript has rolled you might agree that despite all the surface flash , it 's a dud .
Finds pleasures in the way Theron can own her feminism and also more conventional ideas of femininity at the same time . She 's both sexy and lethal in couture , and in one sequence uses everything in a kitchen to mop the floor with a room full of men .
With Charlize Theron in fine form , ` Atomic Blonde ' is a blast .
Headlined by a committed Charlize Theron , Atomic Blonde offers the kind of kick-ass female action hero the non-superhero side of the genre could use more of .
An absolute blast , with a never-sexier Theron in some of the best action scenes to hit a screen .
It 's wonderful when movies surprise us , toppling our expectations with a refreshing blast of creativity . Which is how the insanely violent romp `` Atomic Blonde '' struck me .
Simultaneously byzantine and dumb ...
Ultimately , `` Atomic Blonde '' is , like its heroine , something of a machine .
I suspect the plot of `` Atomic Blonde '' does n't quite track , but with all the back-and-forth and double-agenting , it 's possible not to notice .
Atomic Blonde is ultimately as distilled and transparent as Lorraine 's signature drink , but its remaining ingredients still manage to pack quite a punch .
`` Atomic Blonde '' is no James Bond adventure , but it 's sure to satisfy action junkies .
` Atomic Blonde ' is not a bomb ; it 's more of a dud . What should have been cinematic fireworks instead is a series of colorful sparklers .
Atomic Blonde is simply an exercise in style . But what style !
You do n't cast Charlize Theron to lay waste to scores of German and Russian operatives in a Cold War-era spy thriller unless you intend to have her do it in style .
The plot is overwritten , like all recent spy movies , but this one actually has style , and some of the best action choreography in years .
`` Atomic Blonde '' preserves its core authority , transforming Theron into a `` John Wick '' - ian force of nature that could kickstart a franchise for the actress .
It looks great : cool , sleek , stylish and sexy , awash in splashes of neon reds and greens on chilly monochrome greys and blues , set to a soundtrack of pumping , pulsating '80s tunes .
The result is hardly a classic , but it 's a damn fine action movie - it works .
Whether soaking away her pain in an ice cube-filled bath or savagely kicking Commie butt , this `` Atomic Blonde '' grabs our attention and wo n't let go .
Glowering from beneath the bangs of her moonbeam-platinum bob , Theron 's Broughton is equal parts air , light and iron . We 're just the moths clustering around her flame .
Theron owns it . She purrs every line and relishes every opportunity to crack her neck while reclining into a leather chair .
Lorraine punches and is punched , and her body is soon mapped by bruises and abrasions . It 's a lot of abuse for such puny returns , even if the fights are the best parts of `` Atomic Blonde . ''
Every visual element contributes to defining the characters and moving the story forward , while still looking effortlessly cool .
fun to watch and shamelessly set in an R-rated universe
Theron , who did most of her own martial-arts stunts , is pure bruising poetry in motion . She 's a stone-cold badass . How can you resist ?
a sexy , ultra violent action film . Theron is sensational .
A sex-and-violence cocktail that would n't work as well as it does without an actress as commanding as Theron in the lead .
To call her Jane Wick is not only reductive , but a bit insulting - she 'd obliterate John handily .
Rather than exude a stylish swagger , the film reeks of a smug self-satisfaction that undermines Theron 's considerable efforts and the genuinely impressive moments of orchestrated carnage .
Is there anything that Charlize Theron ca n't do ?
It 's as if John le Carré were hired to write something for Schwarzenegger : Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Badass .
Blonde is a new wave-y pretzel of twists on top of twists . It gets a satisfying conclusion , though by then you 're wondering if you really knew anything about any of the various players .
Theron 's commanding performance is remarkable because she gives to her character , through her take-no-bull body language and calculating stare , an intelligence that proves she 's the right person for the job .
Charlize Theron is a Stoli-swilling superspy extraordinaire in David Leitch 's worthy follow-up to John Wick .
Playing a superspy sent into Berlin at the end of the Cold War , Charlize Theron exudes all the icy cool one could want , helping to sell a film that tries too hard to convince us of its badass credentials .
The film frequently loses sight of its own action to glibly pay homage to other works .
A vanity project that manages to punch above its weight thanks to a ferociously committed Theron and stunning fight choreography .
Atomic Blonde feels like a punch in the gut . And not just because of the incessant , graphic violence .
Despite its strengths , Atomic Blonde never musters up enough sheer heat to live up to its title .
Atomic Blonde is largely a vacant , hyper-stylistic romp that trades on the thick Cold War atmosphere of far better films -LRB- not to mention The Americans -RRB- . It 's all dagger , no cloak . But it has two things going for it .
To its credit , even the film realizes how ridiculous it is .
Cold War espionage thriller meets eighties new wave dance party in Atomic Blonde .
After a brisk , efficient , uber-cool first hour , all New Wave tunes and sexy neon lighting , the second hour drags into dullness .
Charlize Theron has a new action franchise for the taking if she wants it .
Theron keeps her cool throughout the pummelling gyrations , but the film strains to achieve a breathless panache and a lurid swagger for which David Leitch 's direction is too heavy-footed and literal ...
Atomic Blonde might not be a game-changer , but it 's an incredibly solid outing that will definitely rattle around in your head for a while once it 's done .
Atomic Blonde has attitude aplenty and the fervent style of its execution is so staggering and exciting to watch that it made it one of the best times I 've had in the theater this year .
More John Le Carré than `` Jane Wick , '' and less James Bond and more one of the grounded Bond knock-offs . -LRB- Think the Harry Palmer films featuring a bespectacled Michael Caine . -RRB-
Atomic gives us moments of kinetic joy and a cinephile intelligence that makes it more memorable than that Wanted with Angelina Jolie and -LRB- again -RRB- James MacAvoy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Thank you for finally making LGBT action , and not making it exploitive .
It may not be the deepest modern action film we 've seen , but Theron absolutely fricking rules in Atomic Blonde .
Theron is the hero we need right now : As devilishly self-serving and smooth as Bond , as physically dynamic and stoic as Wick , Lorraine is confidently equipped to join the legacy of great movie action heroes and she does n't need your permission .
Audiences will be helpless but to bow down , as Atomic Blonde has come to take your breathe away , and leave you giddy , gasping for more .
Atomic Blonde is neither simple or relatable , which unfortunately keeps it being from a classic . But David Leitch 's spy thriller ... boasts a deceptively cunning performance from Charlize Theron , and one of the best action scenes I 've seen in years .
Atomic Blonde is a story of a hidden dealings and murky agendas , but only one certainty : On the heels of her scene-stealing moments in Mad Max , Theron 's action stardom is now anything but secret .
Atomic Blonde has one of the greatest action scenes ever filmed .
Theron has once again crashed the action-hero boy 's club . Something tells me no one will be complaining .
Given that the film gives us ample time to catch our breath in-between the punching , kicking and shooting it will be easier to wish that it had all been condensed into an accessible YouTube video of just the action bits .
Atomic Blonde is a new-wave action rehash made better by Charlize Theron 's steely spy game and David Leitch 's radiating style .
Atomic Blonde finds surprising depth by delving into the existential considerations of spycraft , questioning exactly how and when a good spy who does terrible things can stop believing that they 're doing good .
Atomic Blonde offers up a heady mix of modern action and '80s throwback , which does n't amount to much but is awfully nice to look at .
The twists are compelling enough to propel the movie from one action set-piece to the next .
Theron is great in it , and some of the fight scenes sing , but an action movie needs focus and energy , and ATOMIC BLONDE is utterly bereft of both .
The Cold War rarely felt this cold .
As enjoyable as Atomic Blonde can be at times , its main utility may be its demonstration that Theron deserves better than this .
So much uncut hardboiled posturing proves exhausting over a nearly two-hour runtime , and with zero emotional stakes and a plot that is both difficult and seemingly pointless to follow , there 's a fundamental emptiness behind all the flash .
Anyone who grew up watching Michael Mann 's Miami Vice will be on cloud nine reveling at how the New Wave classics turn the film 's feverish action into something of a cotton candy dream - sugary , weightless , creative , and beautiful .

@highlight

Atomic Blonde gets enough mileage out of its stylish action sequences -- and ever-magnetic star -- to make up for a narrative that 's somewhat less hard-hitting than its protagonist .