Violent movie starring rapper DMX is not for kids .
This is not a workable drama , just a series of ideas that rap stars who worship Scarface think would be cool to see .
It 's too bad the filmmakers could n't find a way to present -LSB- Goines 's -RSB- vision without resorting to some pretty threadbare clichés .
His death was moving ; his life was not . It 's a requiem for a scumbag -- one who left a whole lotta decent people destroyed in his wake .
-LSB- A -RSB- gritty film noir -LSB- about -RSB- a sleazy drug pusher looking for redemption , but who - in classic noir fashion - learns that there is no escaping paying for one 's past sins .
Hampered by its convoluted plot and a marked melodramatic streak that counteracts the film 's cool factor .
There 's neither action nor thrill in this so-called action thriller , and there 's really no reason to sit through it .
Never Die Alone is one of those dreadful movies that wants us to think it is deep and philosophical , but it 's junk masquerading as art .
If movies like Bad Lieutenant and Spun are your idea of a good time , then DMX has the film for you .
This is a violence-ridden movie with one of the most despicable characters you ever will see .
This ` gangsta noir ' is a worthy heir to both ` blaxploitation ' and to the Warner Bros. gangster classics that linked economic hardship and the allure of crime ...
Like its main character , Never Die Alone is beyond redemption .
Thumbs down for me .
A pimped-up facsimile of David Goines ' novel . I ca n't think of a more apt description of this misogynist and deeply flawed film noir .
... the story is certainly a throwback to the films of the '70s .
A misogynistic , dull-witted bore .
David 's remorse barely registers against the movie 's basking in criminal excess . And with the exception of character actor Tiny Lister , the cast tries way too hard to be tough .
The only thing that could improve Never Die Alone is a caring projectionist , a lighter , and a trashcan .
Fans of Goines will want to see this , because this is the first of his works to make it to the silver screen . Other than that , there 's no reason to see it .
A bumbling adaptation .
What makes Never Die Alone so monumentally terrible is n't just its bearhugging of gangsta flick convention , but its desperate attempt to imbue run-of-the-mill crime with noir classicism .
Although the flashbacks within flashbacks within some more flashbacks structure is overly convoluted , Dickerson 's visual flair and Stephen Lovejoy 's crisp editing actually make the story easy to follow , if not to believe .
The various stories are strong enough to compensate for any acting deficiencies .
If not for the excessive melodrama , lousy dialogue , clumsy acting and generally nasty vibe , `` Never Die Alone '' could have had the kind of distinctive edge that made urban street dramas like Juice , Menace II Society ...
DMX has all the charisma you 'd expect of a music star , and he uses it to portray King David as larger than life .
Never Die Alone makes each viewer die alone , but shared laughter with other customers may forge a death-pact bond .
Never Die Alone has the allure of a bad traffic accident . You do n't want to look at it , but for some reason you ca n't avert your eyes .
Scott Fitzgerald might get a laugh from Never Die Alone .
Has a story so silly , so pretentious , that only a narcissistic rapper with a hardcore thug pose would have the chutzpah to star in and narrate such garbage .
In the hands of a more nuanced actor , David could have been a riveting character ; but DMX 's limited range means it 's never clear why such a remorseless thug was seeking ` redemption ' in the first place .
A violent , would-be film noir that strains with limited success for tragic resonance and gritty authenticity .
Never Die Alone is the first of Goines ' ultragritty novels has made it to the big screen . If this is the best his words can inspire , it should also be the last .
Instead of insight or character or milieu or anything else remotely worth exploring , we get bad attitude , lousy storytelling and abysmal performances .
Never Die Alone is urban exploitation so badly written it sacrifices any claim to authenticity , with performances so uniformly awful it could be a meeting of Bad Actors Anonymous .
This is nothing more than a lurid return to '70s blaxploitation .
It 's hard to imagine a more disturbingly woman-hating movie than Never Die Alone .
Never Die Alone is -LSB- Dickerson 's -RSB- best work to date , with the complexity of serious fiction and the nerve to start dark and stay dark , to follow the logic of its story right down to its inevitable end .
A flashy but ultimately routine saga of gangsta criminality and payback .
Completely forgettable -LRB- at least , I 'm trying to forget it -RRB- .
You -LSB- may -RSB- wish this movie had died alone before you bought the ticket .
Worse than you could ever imagine .
Never Die Alone succeeds only in being so bad that , as the final scenes roll , it is very funny , albeit unintentionally so .
DMX unleashes the focused , angry dominator routine that has always served as the selling point for his music .
King 's funeral opens Never Die Alone , but his throbbing self-consciousness drives it .
Ernest Dickerson 's Goth-like vision of this troubling tale about the dark side of human nature encapsulates the film noir genre .
The only good thing about Never Die Alone is its rap-retro soundtrack .
Exploitative , obvious , redundant , didactic , misogynistic -- those adjectives were invented to describe amateur-hour projects like Never Die Alone .
-LSB- A -RSB- ll flashy visual angst and , despite its literary pretensions , utterly inconsequential , if bloated with a fervent desire to be seen as Art .
Redemption eludes DMX 's antihero in the soulless Never Die Alone
Moral scolds will undoubtedly decry this as just another violent rap movie , but much like that Jesus flick they 're all digging , this ... shows the harsh consequences of sin
Half of this film is so dark and grainy it looks like the Paris Hilton sex video .
Loses all credibility every time Arquette appears on screen .
Moody gangster-morality tale has an old-fashioned , mean-streets swagger and a charismatic lead in rapper DMX .
DMX is n't up to the acting needed to play an epic anti-hero , but then director/ex-cinematographer Ernest Dickerson never makes Never very epic on any level .
Dickerson 's seductive realization and DMX 's chillingly detached performance give this subpar variation on culturally apocalyptic themes an amoral plausibility .
Sure , the bends in logic are nutty , and some of the dialogue is so outrageously street that it 's laughable , but the larger-than-life star works it with everything he 's got . It 's a decent deal .
Never Die Alone is soft and squishy , lacking tension and suspense , not to mention logic .
DMX thinks he 's playing a macho street stud when he 's more like Ted Bundy in a black leather jacket .
An incredibly violent and technically shoddy but undeniably absorbing black gangster movie .
Ernest Dickerson 's film recycles a cinematic standby -- it 's narrated by a corpse , telling us how he got that way -- but the movie 's scuzzy beauty keeps it intriguing .
If you cut the expletives from Never Die Alone , it 's unlikely that this updated blaxploitation flick would run more than 15 minutes .
A nasty piece of work that does n't seem to have met a cliche it did n't like .
This throwback to the outmoded blaxploitation genre is skillfully filmed by Dickerson , but has little else to offer besides cheap , violent thrills .
DMX is the perfect actor for this stylized and often satisfying film adaptation of Donald Goines 's novel .
A hackneyed tale of vengeance set in the ` hood , teeming with stock characters , slo-mo gunplay , and rampant misogyny .
It deserves some credit for its ambitions . But those ambitions tip it over into pretentious melodrama that only emphasizes how far short of its aspirations it falls .
You 'll need all the body armor you can muster for Ernest Dickerson 's bruising film noir , which works up more momentum and urgency in any one of its 82 minutes than most crime dramas do in their entirety .
Arquette does what he can with his pitiful character . But the longer Paul drifts , the longer we find it hard to believe that he 's still alive . In fact , we 're kind of sorry he 's still alive . The movie would be much better without him .
An electrifying modern-dress noir .
Working from a 1974 novel by Donald Goines , the director , Ernest Dickerson , proves he 's the rare filmmaker who can show the attraction -- and degradation -- of the criminal life without exploiting it .
Purports to be literate film noir but comes off more like the overwritten project of a film school kid who just memorized his textbook on the style .
A sloppily written film , based on what is undoubtedly an equally cheesy novel .
Its messy narrative ultimately sends it straight into the gutter .
Never Die Alone might just come to replace Showgirls as the nation 's premier midnight-movie howler .
So outlandishly bad that it actually incites a viewer 's morbid curiosity : you watch it wondering how much worse it can get .
a haunting , well-written and powerfully acted film , burdened only by its moral impotence and one irrefutably underwritten contrivance : Aruqette 's character .
What starts as a routine pimp film segues into an exercise in intrigue , thanks to some snappy editing and savvy performances .
There 's something refreshing about a pulp drama that turns on the notion that redemption is a sucker 's fantasy .
DMX is vengeful , mean , and ruthless .
The unintentional comedy of the year , so far .
Never Die Alone discards logic and reason for a farcically overblown orgy of uninhibited sex , drugs and gaudy materialism .
Routinely but unconvincingly directed by Dickerson , the movie possesses not a single character with the brains to get through a day without creating a huge mess .
This gritty genre piece about four men whose paths intertwine largely overcomes key cast weaknesses to deliver a jazzy , darkly textured rendering of the ghetto pulp of late African-American ex-con author Donald Goines .










@highlight

DMX 's menacing charisma is put to good use in this stylish but hackneyed modern-day noir .