A recently discovered set of 1990 interview tapes with this amazing woman fills out a detailed and revealing portrait .
It 's a reminder that , even for world-famous icons , it 's pointless to reduce people to a single piece of notoriety .
This film is packed with emotional kicks .
The real tragedy against humanity uncovered by Bombshell : The Hedy Lamarr Story is the millions of ideas that never came to light because society refused to listen to women .
The movie star who inspired Snow White 's face had bad luck in Hollywood , but she was a drop-dead beauty who saved countless lives .
Alexandra Dean 's documentary will fill you in on Lamarr 's remarkable , if troubled , life .
A timely and emotional documentary on the former 40s and 50s Hollywood star Hedy Lamarr .
Director Alexandra Dean 's Bombshell : The Hedy Lamarr Story does n't shortchange Lamarr 's career but also focuses on other aspects of Lamarr 's fascinating , often tumultuous life .
Bombshell suffers from some common complaints of modern documentary -- too much music ; unnecessary , if perfectly decent , animated sequences -- but it does remind us of a class of personality that does n't exist anymore .
A crazy story that is well told in Alexandra Dean 's film .
It 's a touching and fascinating tale .
Dean explores a fascinating life full of contradictions .
This moment of women rising up and taking control of their own empowerment is the perfect time to release a documentary about Hedy Lamarr .
This dichotomy - between the emptiness of glamour and the great power of intellect - is what propels Alexandra Dean 's debut documentary .
She lived an amazing life , tasting all the rewards and pitfalls of fame . But this is a woman who never had the chance to show her full potential .
Lamarr was an enigma : a great brain trapped in a silly , spurious image of glamour , while her real talent was allowed to wither . A sad but fascinating story .
If her story , however , is even vaguely familiar -LRB- made nude flick , was brainy , did inventions , made glamour flicks , stayed brainy , had lots of plastic surgery , died -RRB- then this will be a very ho-hum trawl .
It 's Lamarr who sums up her own apparent contradictions best : `` I 'm just a simple complicated woman . ''
-LSB- It -RSB- bids a unique perspective on a complex individual .
When you 're the best at having an aesthetically pleasing face , it can make it all the more difficult to be taken seriously in other departments .
This sympathetic , enthralling film is a tribute to her talent and courage , the gifts behind the alluring impact of her unforgettable face .
It 's a proper story alright , and a fascinating one .
It is no hagiography : even Lamarr 's own children are open about her flaws . But Dean treats her subject with respect as a great mind ; something rarely afforded to Lamarr by her male contemporaries in life .
As marshalled by director Alexandra Dean , Bombshell is the revelatory memoir Lamarr never published .
A vivid portrait of one of the most remarkable , pioneering women of Hollywood 's Golden Age .
It is quite a yarn .
It may be the best `` not just a pretty face '' story in the history of the world .
What a bombshell .
A life story packed with incident means that this sometimes rushes past events that would be formative for anyone else , but equally means that Lamarr 's life story is never , ever dull .
Smart , if indulgent .
The movie reveals and demonstrates over and over that Lamarr was a fascinating and brilliant person , a true eccentric with considerable will and personal courage .
Intriguing and inspiring , she is something of a feminist hero ; not just because of her incredible life story , but also her refreshing , determined and decidedly modern outlook .
A Google animator puts the mystery of Hedy Lamarr best : ` She 's a perfect underdog , crime-fighter-by-night story . ' Here she is , unmasked at last .
It confirms her prowess as an inventor of much more than male fantasy .
-LSB- Alexandra -RSB- Dean does n't break new ground in terms of the documentary format but she proves to be a dogged researcher who uncovers some great archived material about Lamarr .
Film buffs must-see doc about Lamarr 's invention of device to steer torpedoes remotely using frequency hopping technology . Genius . Another Hidden Figures .
As a CliffsNotes of what Lamarr 's life in Hollywood and contributions to society have been , it 's not a bad jumping off point .
Bombshell is a decent , albeit uninspired introduction to a unique figure who secretly succeeded at everything she attempted .
It 's tapes of an interview Forbes reporter Fleming Meeks conducted with her around 1990 that give the documentary a much needed jolt . We get to hear about her life in her own words .
A victim of the misogyny of her era and her own impulsive decisions , she emerges as a complex self-mythologizer who invented her own reality as skillfully as she rebuilt a toy music box when she was 5 .
`` Bombshell '' would be a rather ordinary Hollywood bio if not for the fact that besides being a ravishing beauty , the Austrian-born actress Hedy Lamarr was also a scientific genius .
An entertaining , and at times heartbreaking and infuriating , film .
`` Bombshell '' is sensational when focused on Lamarr 's amazing achievements , offering sensitivity to a complicated life but also assigning heroism to an unlikely source , achieving its goal to position Hedy Lamarr in an all new light .
Ultimately stands as a tragedy of what might have been and never came to be , for both its subject and for us .
There is plenty for the film buff to enjoy ... There is poignant film of Lamarr in her later years when she became a recluse , and a cheering finish with the ceremony at which her discovery was finally acknowledged .
It 's a fascinating story , if one that has been told before .
... a great look into the bad and the beautiful of the old Hollywood studio system through her eyes .
... director/writer -LSB- Alexandra -RSB- Dean describes Lamarr 's contributions to cinema and science with equal emphasis on both , a rare acknowledgement of Hedy 's imaginative , insightful analysis of technological challenges .
Bombshell is a much-needed corrective to the historical record , updating Lamarr 's biography so that we fully understand her contributions to our world past and present .
It fascinates both as film history and as a sobering reminder of how little credit a woman like Lamarr received , even at the peak of her popularity .
Bombshell becomes more somber as it progresses to Lamarr 's post-fame life . Still , it 's an essential re-examination of the fascinating woman obscured and cheapened by Hollywood mystique .
I feel looking at Bombshell simply through the prism of how women were and are treated in Hollywood would be doing -LSB- director -RSB- Alexandra Dean a disservice .
A documentary that follows Lamarr 's tumultuous life , tracking a life in which her beauty served to obscure her brains , although her brains persevered .
If the storytelling technique is a little prosaic , the subject matter is more than sufficiently engrossing .
The film evokes sadness as we watch Hedy Lamarr , once considered the world 's most beautiful woman , give up a chance to make big money on her major invention and withdraw from public life as she aged .
`` Bombshell '' finally gives us the complete picture of this complex woman . It is as eye-opening as it is bittersweet .
There are Hollywood biographies , then there are fascinating lives . One of the most beautiful - and arguably the smartest - actresses of all time could certainly claim the latter .
What makes `` Bombshell '' intriguing is not just Lamarr 's gift for invention , it 's also what a fiery individualist she was , someone who had no regrets about her eventful life -LRB- `` You learn from everything '' -RRB- , not even its racy , tabloid elements .
If there were ever the personification of `` more than just a pretty face , '' it was -LSB- Hedy -RSB- Lamarr .
Even for those familiar with its subject , the film is compelling and insightful .
With all due respect , so far as movies are concerned , the Jewish `` Wonder Woman '' of 2017 is not Gal Gadot but Hedwig Kiesler .
An entertaining documentary , though its thesis is n't entirely convincing .
Knowing how much else Lamarr had to offer , and how little the world cared about it , saddened and infuriated me .
Bombshell : The Hedy Lamarr Story celebrates the life of the actress-turned-inventor and helps to set the record straight .
A well-paced if conventional mixture of archival clips , talking-head interviews with historians , biographers , children and friends .
If Bombshell inspires people to seek out her movies , it will have achieved two goals : giving her the belated credit she deserves for a critical invention , and laying the groundwork to rebuild her reputation as an actress . Her beauty speaks for itself .
An upbeat look at a starlet who was a lot more than just a pretty -- some say the prettiest ever -- face .
Dean is fascinated by the highs and lows of this enigmatic woman 's life .
Ms. Dean relates Lamarr 's ventures , those onscreen and off , with savvy and narrative snap , fluidly marshaling a mix of original interviews and archival material that includes film clips , home movies and other footage .
It 's good a woman - an innovation/technology journalist-turned director - is the one to finally put everything -LRB- rumor and truth -RRB- together via a wealth of informative archival material and newly conducted interviews .
Completely absorbing and well-researched documentary .
The infuriatingly tragic true story of the Hollywood superstar whose brain was ignored because she was beautiful . A stupendous tribute to a remarkable woman .
Recognition -LRB- and compensation -RRB- proved elusive in Lamarr 's lifetime , but in this marvelous documentary , a brilliant woman - `` I 'm a very simple , complicated person '' - finally gets her due .
Too sympathetic toward its subject to serve as a satisfying biography of the actress-inventor , but it 's a totally serviceable , if disappointingly uncinematic , film about a singular celebrity .
Dean 's movie is not a tract . It 's a straightforwardly told , A-to-B-to-C chronicle of Lamarr 's history , given richness by the many points of view offered by an impressive lineup of talking heads .
The film curiously steers toward surmising Hedy Lamarr 's psychological state as it pertained to love and pleasure .
Dean resurrects Lamarr 's whole person without false moments or awkward fawning . The honesty makes the tragedy of her story linger . She was damned by something she had no control over : The way she looked .
Heard through lively 1990 interviews , Lamarr describes a career that objectified her and a brilliance that was n't recognised , let alone rewarded , until late in her life
It 's a great story - and one told with real sympathy and respect for its enthralling subject .
Bombshell becomes not just a stupendous tribute to Lamarr , but also a tribute to every brilliant woman ignored .
A thoroughly engaging , eye-opening showbiz doc .

@highlight

Inspiring and tragic , Bombshell is a bittersweet celebration and reclamation of Hedy Lemarr 's journey from Hollywood legend to technology genius .