... a progressively endearing effort that boasts several superb performances and a brisk , downright fun sensibility .
The Swiss-quartz comic timing of the film 's ensemble cast makes its neurotic characters more compelling than your average cinematic slackers .
An independent , dialogue-heavy film that from the looks of it was made more with fun and passion than money .
This is a hit and miss romantic comedy with a few solid laughs and some pretty smart dialogue .
I continue to enjoy Van Der Beek 's willingness to play obnoxiously against type -- it turns out as a big-headed hero , he 's boring , but as a big-headed *** , he 's a funny guy .
The efforts of an attractive and accomplished cast ensure that director Matthew Cole Weiss ' feature debut is neither as dull nor as insufferably smug as it could easily have been .
There 's just simply not one iota of originality to this exceedingly superficial and charm-deprived ensemble film . It does n't help that most of the characters come across as entitled , navel-gazing twits without a smidgen of depth .
Do n't send a gift . Send your regrets . This is one wedding invitation that can clearly , safely be declined .
The aptly named Standing Still , about postcollegiate 20-somethings , has the dramatic momentum of a daisy-picking toddler .
Relentlessly shallow .
A movie as inert as its title .
Standing Still wants to be an honest , earnest look at the difficulties of growing up and moving on , but it remains stuck in such a fantasy-laden milieu that the characters never feel particularly real , and their problems seem phony and arbitrary .
Despite the best efforts of its energetic young ensemble , this soft focus romantic comedy cries out for a sharper edge .
The entire cast is likable and good looking -- a combination that turns what could be cheerful , if fluffy , fair into something a bit more resonant .
If The Big Chill and American Wedding had a love child , it might look something like Standing Still .
The script -LRB- by Matthew Perniciaro and Timm Sharp -RRB- is trite , and the direction so flat that every scene looks like it was shot in a broom closet , but the bright young cast makes things more bearable than they should be .
The only more apropos title might have been : Standing Still While Talking .
Surfing the crowd in Altman-lite style , pic skims the surface entertainingly but goes limp in its stabs at seriousness .
A little gem of a movie - characters you just do n't want to leave . Van Der Beek is good .
An ill-defined mishmash of cliches , with poorly sketched characters and leaden dialogue .
There 's enough good humor to mask the pain and sometimes that 's as telling a statement as you can make about young people making the transition to young adults .


@highlight

This coming-of-age film 's young , attractive cast helps to mitigate the stultifying dialogue and uninspired direction .