There are few movies around that take such huge risks : this is high-wire filmmaking , without a net of irony .
Gloomy '90s drama has cursing , nudity , mature themes .
Both a ferocious love story and a tale of the triumph of vital individual faith over ossified and corrupt organized religion .
Issues of faith , devotion , sexuality and divine intervention are at the center of this daring and provocative piece that placed writer-director Lars von Trier on the international map .
It 's a testament to Emily Watson 's astounding performance as Bess that she comes across as more than a von Trier construct ; she 's a woman of boundless passion , who follows her faith wherever it takes her .
Von Trier may put his characters and the viewer through the ringer , yet his empathy toward both is unmistakable .
Here is a film that makes you feel like you 've read the novel , seen the movie , and lived the life of a protagonist more empathetic than any other . You just might need a stiff drink afterward .
The performance from newcomer Emily Watson is the centerpiece of this spiritual journey .
A powerful tear-jerker romantic drama that intriguingly also brings religion into the mix .
It 's a remarkable achievement for all concerned , with Katrin Cartlidge , as Bess 's widowed sister-in-law , sharing the acting laurels with the radiant Emily Watson , and writer/director Lars von Trier building the emotional and dramatic intensity ...
The synopsis does n't begin to do justice to the psychological and emotional complexities of the tale .
The actors are superb . -LSB- But -RSB- it is the easiest thing in the world to do ... move people by destroying something beautiful .
Unforgettable
Will introduce the experimental director to a wider American audience .
Watson 's mesmerising performance propels this sad but weirdly uplifting look at sex , spirituality and guilt .
Well done , but so incredibly depressing that it 's not entertaining .
Brutal and passionate .
mesmerizing , harrowing and in the end euphoric
Daring , disturbing , frightening , hypnotic , romantic , haunting -- take your pick . Each one is an equally valid description of Breaking the Waves .
Glorious paean to the mighty power of love .
If you have n't seen this film yet , stop reading and seek it out .
von Trier 's notion of depraved sexuality as salvation is illogical and ineffective -- contradictory in a way that is irritating rather than thought-provoking , a trait that has defined the majority of his output ever since
As frustrating as it is rewarding , this makes compulsive viewing nonetheless .
The acting is flawless , but it is Emily Watson who delivers the film 's emotional powder keg . The cinematography is outstanding and the setting mesmerising - all powered by a spare but powerful script . It is a true marvel of a movie .
The movie is looking to make you feel yucky , and it does .
A haunting , brutal fairy tale , this masterfully detailed character study is uncompromising and emotionally exhausting . It 's a great movie .
Hardy art-film moviegoers may want to check it out , if only for Watson 's transcendent performance . But anyone who gets nauseated at the thought of a boat ride should think twice .
Von Trier staves off the inherent tawdriness of his concept and invests it with a fierce gravity .
Watson 's Bess is an unforgettable character -- simple , profound , heartbreaking , tragic and yet triumphant .
Quite simply the most emotionally devastating film I have ever seen ... There is no better example of why film is such a powerful medium .
Stick with it if you can , you wo n't soon forget it .




























@highlight

Breaking the Waves offers a remarkable testament to writer-director Lars von Trier 's insight and filmmaking skill -- and announces Emily Watson as a startling talent .