Displaying its own media savvy , Jack is sympathetic to Kevorkian but not polemical .
Pacino and Levinson seem to have made a deliberate decision to keep Jack 's rough edges . There is no attempt to make him heroic ; we have to come to any such decision on our own .
Ultimately , there 's little wrong with You Do n't Know Jack and the performances alone make it worth seeing , but it 's a good film that never quite rises to great .
Director Levinson provides some stylish angles and sequences , but his real achievement is shaping Pacino 's performance and keeping the material fresh and passionate .
You Do n't Know Jack may be a film about the case for making dying patients comfortable . But admirably , it recognizes that thinking about this , or watching , should be discomfiting .
Levinson has a deft touch with ordinary people and places , and the film 's early scenes , especially , take care of business in a satisfying , sideways fashion , developing character with exposition and finding every avenue for real-world humor .
We 're like Sarandon 's Janet Good , begging from our deathbeds for Jack to tell us something about himself and arriving at the end of things without any greater understanding than we had at the start .
You Do n't Know Jack is a compelling , at times thrilling , tale that can absorb even those with little interest or feeling for the subject . This is one of the saddest , dreariest subjects imaginable , but You Do n't Know Jack is anything but .
Jack remains a disturbing , significant picture , expressing a mind and a purpose coldly silenced before it was ever truly understood ... finding the shadows and the soapbox , Pacino is masterful in this uneasy , thought-provoking drama .
This is Levinson 's best work since Wag the Dog
You Do n't Know Jack might make you uncomfortable , and it probably wo n't change your mind on the issue of euthanasia , but you should by all means see it .

@highlight

Led by strong direction from Barry Levinson and outstanding work from Al Pacino , You Do n't Know Jack makes compelling viewing out of real-life drama .