Plastic is n't an instant classic mainly because of its visual style , sometimes more in touch with an electronic music video than a film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good dose of suspense and action that shows us a different side of the british mafia . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not just a boring film , but also one that objectifies all its female cast with unnecessary nudity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The teen version of Ocean 's Eleven if you turn your brain off . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A wholly derivative , uninspired heist caper that is n't worth your investment .
The title says it all in this cheap , laborious junior heist thriller from British B-movie journeyman Julian Gilbey .
Highly-stylized piffle designed to titillate and satiate bloodlust while slowly turning your brain to mush !
As mindless entertainment goes , it 's a pretty watchable time-passer .
This is a film that should either be a fun caper comedy or a thoughtful dramatic exploration on the dangers of engaging in fraud . By trying to be both , it ends up being neither .
A frothy little heist movie from Britain that starts off with great promise , only to devolve midway into an empty derivative shell of a film .
It 's hard to escape the sense that `` Plastic '' is itself a cheap knockoff , but the point is not to look too closely .
Plastic does n't simply describe the method of fraud employed by the characters , but the level of cinematic craftsmanship as well .
For a film with shootouts , heists , and high-speed chases , Julian Gilbey 's Plastic is a strangely lifeless affair .
All champagne and strippers , conspicuous consumption and witless machismo , Plastic is a contemporary British heist movie that already feels dated , as if it were made before the bubble burst on Guy Ritchie 's comic book gangster voyeurism .
The story depicted here is remarkable but uneven production values and a couple of dodgy American accents spoil it .
Starts with a whimper and ends with several bangs , passing umpteen snores en route .
A nasty streak of casual sexism runs through an already unpleasant and absurdly far-fetched film .
Where do you start with a film as spectacularly awful as Plastic ?
Lazy filmmaking undermines this sparky caper thriller , from paper-thin characters and convenient plot points to limp direction and corny editing . This is a real shame , because the bright rising-star cast brings real energy to the weak material .
Preposterous and charmless , this heist flick purports to be based on a true story and hopes to invoke a Robin Hood vibe , but I 'm not buying any of it .
A rather plodding and simplistic crime film that despite its slick locations and action-moments lacks the charm and energy to help it stand out .
There 's the occasional bit of energy and flash to this geezery caper from director and co-writer Julian Gilbey , but it 's let down by the Hollyoaks acting and humourless unbelievability .
Imagine The Inbetweeners starring in a low-rent Brit imitation of American Hustle , having first undergone a collective personality transplant .
Even the unintentional laughs eventually give way to groans of disdain . Do n't be conned into seeing it .
It 's a zippy , sometimes entertaining ride with a fun start .
Plastic is an unpredictable , albeit convoluted production that bears many twists and turns for the audience to enjoy .
Hampered by thoroughly unlikeable characters that not even its talented young cast -LRB- Ed Speleers , Will Poulter , Alfie Allen -RRB- can make you root for .
Unthrilling stuff elevated by a capable cast .
The plot , which is supposedly based on a true story but plays out like an episode of Hustle , is deliciously twisty . But it 's the clever dialogue and a dastardly turn from Alfie Allen that really makes it tick .

@highlight

Far-fetched , frantically overstuffed , and unfunny , Plastic seems to use its title as a goal as much as a description .