No one wins in this ambiguous , accomplished film , which ends by burdening the audience with a secret that none of the characters will ever know .
Farhadi explores the strength of selfishness and secrets and expresses symbolically - and forcefully - how the past clings to us . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A superb and engrossing relationship drama .
Connecting the political dots is a more or less futile task when dealing with a film that seems almost as clueless about private life as it is about the public realm .
The Past never forgets its domestic focus , and -LSB- Asghar -RSB- Farhadi 's keen eye for subtle emotional shifts keeps the story afloat .
A deeply affecting humanist melodrama .
A beautifully generous and emotionally wrenching French movie by the Iranian director Asghar Farhadi
Farhadi has succeeded in underscoring universal impulses of his characters , despite their cultural backgrounds , and in the process he 's also removed most of the socio-cultural context that characterized his previous films .
The revelations Farhadi relies on to propel the story are not as compelling as he gives them credit .
One of the most impressive things about Farhadi 's film is the way he reveals facts about the tale and his extraordinary timing in which he reveals them . The movie unfolds like a surprise birthday gift .
Um filme povoado por pessoas que tentam encontrar sentido onde não há nenhum .
It 's a testament to Farhadi that I could even consider a movie as good as ` The Past ' to be any kind of disappointment .
This slim and pretty terrific thriller may just prove to be the ultimate antidote to this summer 's bloated superhero onslaught .
Farhadi 's most thrilling gift , which seems innate and intuitive , is in demonstrating how figures move , are framed by frames , reflected by surfaces , going beyond elementary considerations , describing a vital mathematics of humans in motion .
While Farhadi 's eye for detail is as unsparing as ever , his style this time around has begun to look formulaic .
The Past is clearly the work of a master dramatist , and precious few filmmakers in world cinema are currently operating at Farhadi 's level .
Farhadi finds his characters trapped , not by the constraints of an overbearing authority but by the spectre of the past .
With its sympathies forever shifting among its characters , the film asks whether the truth is ever even objectively knowable , let alone whether honesty is always the best policy .
This is an exquisitely made film which probes away at the rawest , most intimate emotions of its characters with a delicacy and insight reminiscent of Krzysztof Kieslowski in his prime .
Farhadi uses grace and fluidity to tell a story in which no one is quite innocent .
Farhadi weaves a very sticky web with more than a few ragged edges , but even if the characters -LRB- and more precisely , their actions -RRB- are n't easy to relate to , they are compelling .
If you can possibly imagine an extremely superior episode of EastEnders , lasting more than two hours and in French , then you will have some idea of what The Past is like .
The film finally feels centreless , stateless , even a little cold : like the first work of an artist in exile .
Farhadi loosens the valve on a drip-feed of revelations , each one changing any assumptions prompted by the last .
another stunning drama that confirms Farhadi 's artistic preeminence in making films that are simultaneously intimate psychological portraits of interpersonal conflict and detailed , nerve-wracking mysteries
The acting is good but it plays like an upscale soap opera , without any emotional payoff .
Tahar Rahim and Bérénice Bejo are on top form in this immaculate study of marital disharmony .
Writer-director Asghar Farhadi 's follow-up to the Oscar-winning A Separation is an intensely gripping emotional drama with a superb script and a trio of terrific central performances from Berenice Bejo , Tahar Rahim and Ali Mossaffa .
A remarkably grounded French-Iranian drama about a broken family trying to mend ; unexpectedly riveting , thanks in part to one of 2013 's best ensembles .
In the end , so much of The Past just does n't have that crucial ring of truth to it . Disappointing and underwhelming .
Comes dangerously close to perpetuating rational man/hysterical woman stereotypes .
A bold , honest film about family life that showcases a terrifically unpeppy turn from Bejo .
With this quietly gripping domestic drama , Asghar Farhadi once again demonstrates his ability to turn keen human insight into powerfully compelling cinema .
` The Past ' opens at a Paris airport , where Marie and the newly arrived Ahmad greet each other through a pane of glass . Their lips move , but they do n't actually hear one another . This is a state that will be maintained more or less throughout the film .
The movie , which runs more than two hours , takes patience . It is slow-going most of the time . Yet , it does not feel contrived or false .
With The Past , Farhadi again displays a gift for poking into corners of nondescript lives and discovering unique drama .
There are only so many spats that you can sit through before you realise it 's difficult to care for the outcome , no matter how twisted it is .
Audiences who invest themselves in Faradi 's story may feel shortchanged by the writer-director 's ambiguous ending . That does n't stop him from being a modern master of realism .
Never strikes a resoundingly false note -- which is a precious thing in movies lately -- and as such is a film that promises moving rewards .
Farhadi piles on plot twists and sensational revelations until we realize what we 're watching is soap opera packaged as art . Five or ten minutes into hour three , the film reaches a critical mass of preposterousness .
On paper , the complications sound like plot points in a melodramatic soap opera . But under Farhadi 's direction and in his cast 's more-than-capable hands , this knotty family drama never feels false or manipulative .
Any short-term illusion of being in charge is at the cost of long-term trust and fidelity . The Past stands as a resonate warning to this vicious cycle .
The last film from Faradi , 2011 's A Separation , deservedly took home the Oscar , and this new piece is admirably its equal .
Farhadi not only has a gift for complicated and elegantly crafted human drama , he understands the way people think and feel , the way they make choices and are forced to live with the consequences of those choices .
The actors playing the boyfriend 's son , still processing the loss of his mother , and Marie 's older daughter give fine performances as troubled characters who are as emotionally complex as the adults who made them that way .
Where an American film would make up our minds for us about the outcome , Farhadi lets us make up our own minds .
Farhadi has pulled off the dysfunctional family mystery trick twice now , brilliantly , and perhaps three times in a row would be too much . But it 's doubtful he will leave behind the fertile ground of family ties and modern messiness . He sees so much there .
The Past does n't have the thrilling tempo of Farhadi 's previous Oscar winning A Separation ; but it 's as if you 're cemented into concrete boots and tossed into the chasm of consequence .
Farhadi is as much of a natural storyteller as he is a neo-realist filmmaker , making cinematic novels where others would create soap operas .
The Past is a beautifully acted and cleverly constructed drama .
`` The Past '' is long and occasionally feels slow - as real life sometimes does - but never false .
Asghar Farhadi has a fluid , realistic style , as if we are genuinely eavesdropping on these people 's lives .
Farhadi is a master at unpicking human relationships , revealing that in the end everyone , and no one , is blameless .
The film is made naturalistically , and music is only heard at the end , yet for all its heartbreaking veracity , it has the tragic grandeur of mythology
A searing drama in which truths , lies , blame , guilt , actions and consequences collide in a spectacular emotional tour de force
Farhadi is the rare director who can establish an atmosphere of intimacy that resonates with meaning and sentiment .
All of the acting is first-rate , with Bejo winning the best actress award at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival , where The Past made its world premiere . But Mosaffa 's role as Ahmad proves to be the biggest revelation .
Think you 've nailed down a character ? Wait another five minutes . It 's rare to see so many characters , including children , afforded so much nuance .
Farhadi crafts another flawlessly designed , engagingly acted domestic melodrama that puts ordinary but unique characters through the emotional wringer .
Farhadi all but perfects the art of making mountains out of molehills .
What a teller of domestic truths Asghar Farhadi has become .
The Past is about people who wish they could erase what came before and just live in the now , but life does n't let anyone off the hook that easily .
Farhadi proves again that he can craft a domestic drama that has all the tension of a thriller .
A thickly knotted and compelling tale , set in an unglamorous , working-class Paris , it churns with complex emotions , suspense , guilt , and regret .
Yes , the past can haunt us , which is why Farhadi 's design is so clever because he phrases it like a ghost story , where the audience is forced to walk alongside a group of highly stressed characters as they grope through the shady corridors of their lives .
Farhadi works like a master poker player , carefully revealing his cards and building tension with each new bit of information .
Once its momentum sets in , the narrative spiral of The Past pulls you straight down , irresistibly .
Farhadi again burrows deep into his characters to tell an achingly intimate story , spinning grand tragedies out of minor lives in which the past lingers in the air , a perfume that haunts long after its wearer has left the room .
Sensible and restrained , full of drama but not with histrionics .
An intense , engrossing melodrama that compassionately unravels the conplex tapestry of contemporary family life .
Iranian writer-director Asghar Farhadi creates detailed characters in distinctive circumstances , bypassing script cliches of domestic tension .
Quite simply , a superb soap opera , but no more than that .
While not as powerful as -LSB- A Separation -RSB- , The Past nevertheless is a fascinating , slow-burn depiction of a relationship in crisis .
While a lot of what Farhadi holds up his sleeve is rooted in soap opera , it plays very much like a horror picture , as ghosts from the recent and distant past continue to reveal themselves in shocking fashion .
A morally complex mystery , without a detective to stand outside the drama and identify the one truly guilty party .
As the dark-haired , hot-headed beauty at the center of the action , Bejo is a radiant , riveting mystery .
The Past is a compelling mystery tale wrapped in a riveting family drama , with the death throes of a marriage cloaking deeper , fouler things .
Drama for the intelligent filmgoer
An impeccable work that moves forward steadily and without much dynamic modulation , it 's a movie not for people who want to escape the world but for those who want to understand it better .
`` The Past '' has something important and powerful to say about the past . It does n't shape or haunt the present . In a sense , Farhadi suggests , they exist alongside each other .
The push to climax the feature on a note of revelation feels forced , slathered on a film that 's just fine simmering with the family , picking up on nuanced emotions and overdue outbursts .
Even with a bit of dramaturgical clunkiness `` The Past '' is fluid , intimate cinema .
One of the best films of the season , with remarkable dramatic performances .
Unlike most films , Farhadi 's do not pretend to have all the answers . His approach to creating stories seems to be : Here 's a difficult situation for a bunch of people , and now , let 's observe as they try to figure it out .
Even in its measured pacing , the film easily commands attention .
A wrenchingly intimate tale of lives torn asunder by forces within and without them .
-LSB- `` The Past '' -RSB- is not for all tastes but does give a view into the life of mixed cultures trying to make sense of things .
The authenticity of the dialogue and the performances gives the material a universal resonance without resorting to cheap sentimentality or happy endings .
The emotional stakes are large-scale , and Farhadi honors them by delving into their intricacies . All the characters in this movie , including Marie 's sullen eldest teenage daughter -LRB- beautifully played by Pauline Burlet -RRB- , are given their due .
`` The Past '' makes conventional movies feel artificial . Watching the characters interact in this movie feels like `` Here is real life , '' and real life just happens to be strangely compelling .
There are so many twists and turns as one revelation after another reshapes the truth that `` The Past '' begins to feel contrived , like an art house soap opera .
With patient sensitivity , Farhadi expertly elicits sympathy , followed by empathy , for each character , almost in turns , to resist misguiding the audience to easy answers .
It 's as if Farhadi became too depressed by his own cynicism to keep the drama humming . The movie turns into a dour demonstration of missed connections .
Asghar Farhadi tries to unravel tangled emotional connections and disconnections in no less than two broken households in this highly theatrical movie .
Not just deserving of an Oscar for best foreign film of 2013 -LRB- Iran 's official nominee -RRB- but best picture -- period .
Well-acted , captivating , nuanced and emotionally resonating . Not a single moment rings false . One the best films of the year .
Asghar Farhadi 's involving , sensitive and suspenseful ` Whydunit ' is a better detective story than most .
There are no good guys or bad guys in the film -- just real people with real flaws .
-LSB- A -RSB- brilliantly mounted drama concerning fracturing families , hidden motives and the difficulties of attaining stability in a rapidly changing world .
` The Past ' is more enriching to piece together in your head after than it is while in front of you .
Writer-director Asghar Farhad works so well with his actors that everything seems genuine and naturalistic , even the scenes involving young children .
Like his award-winning drama A Separation , this French drama from Iranian filmmaker Asghar Farhadi is packed with complex characters who have detailed , full lives .
If `` The Past '' does n't equal the masterpiece that preceded it , it 's still an exceptional film from a man who is clearly one of the best working directors .
Effectively grapples with the precarious minefield that is the mind .
The narrative complications can be distracting , at times exasperating , but they 're finally irrelevant because Mr. Farhadi 's filmmaking is so fluid , and the performers , Ms. Bejo , in particular , are so attractive .
Almost hypnotically compelling , spinning an intricate web of predicaments , emotional reactions and resolutions in a domestic drama that leaves the viewer reeling by its conclusion .
The layers have layers in Mr. Farhadi 's narratives . The title itself is layered with irony ; the past is never past , but always shaping the present .
... at its best when there 's less going on .
`` The Past '' is not as nuanced as its predecessor - and not as impactful , either . But this is still far more complex than most family dramas .
Farhadi handles all these emotions and mood shifts gracefully , emphasized by a nice use of space .
-LSB- Farhadi -RSB- respects that human beings are complex organisms , and that life is full of misunderstandings and different understandings . The Past articulates those truths with devastating care .
Farhadi 's new work confirms his unique ability to explore how constant chatter and anguished outbursts obscure the capacity for honest communication .
What initially seems fairly straightforward grows increasingly fraught and complex as each successive layer gets peeled away , until it 's nearly impossible not to empathize with everybody on-screen at once .
Give yourself over to The Past , because movies this fragile and thoughtful are incredibly rare .
The plot is the impurest of soap opera , but -LSB- director Asghar -RSB- Farhadi 's artistry and resonant humanism transcend melodrama and cultural barriers .
This brilliant dissection of family dynamics and the tyranny of the past weds honesty with slow-burn drama and peerless acting .
Deliciously soapy romantic mystery
Do n't be too eager to find a third husband appears the message in this gem , full of twists and turns .
Bolstered by performances that convey profound grief and remorse without look-at-me histrionics , The Past is steeped in the believable micro details of its scenario while also expanding to universals .
-LSB- Farhadi 's -RSB- gift for pulling us deep into the story , and for conveying the major burdens of these supposedly minor lives , is unimpaired .
Asghar Farhadi navigates his complicated narrative thicket with an apparent ease , but he is n't able to blend the brushstrokes as he has in prior films .
Like life , the story is messy ; the characters are complicated ; there are no easy answers .
An Iranian film about the close encounter of a woman unlucky in love , her unhappy children , her ex-husband , and her new lover .
Solid acting -LRB- `` The Artist 's '' Berenice Bejo proves she can not only talk , but won Cannes ' best actress prize doing it -RRB- pulls this sad story along .
Forcing his characters into moral gray zones , the director weakens the notion of objectivity , allowing the viewer 's allegiances to shift freely among the household 's denizens-even if as individuals , none of them is particularly sympathetic .
The Past is a mature , intricately crafted human drama about removing the self-imposed obstacles to our own happiness .
Farhadi 's all-consuming and cerebral emotional drama puzzle The Past could be another awards contender , with a scriptwriting prowess matched by an exceptional cast under talented direction .
... the movie begins to demonstrably run out of steam once it passes a certain point ...
A mesmerically assured piece of filmmaking , crammed with performances as raw as steak tartare .
Saying it 's not a better work than A Separation serves only to compliment A Separation . The Past is note-perfect .
A great novelist-as-filmmaker , Farhadi has written another mystery where every plot detail counts , beginning simply and innocuously enough .
Farhadi reveals the discord via the children , in a clear allusion to the legacy of generations who ca n't get things right .
The Past has all the strengths of a good play-incisive dialogue , effortlessly natural performances , close-quarters intimacy , and a rich sense of themes and intent-so it 's little wonder that Farhadi 's background is that of a playwright .
The pile-up of twists and red herrings is slightly arbitrary , but Farhadi 's sense of pacing is superb , and he has a genuine feel for the way our personal histories entangle us .
The Past further showcases Farhadi 's dexterity as a dramatist of uncommon perspicacity and fairness .
You never feel like you 're in the hands of anyone less than a master storyteller .
The machinations fester and ravel in a plot-driven film that , for all its references to detergents , never lapses into soap opera .
Farhadi ably acquits himself with a somewhat overlong but largely absorbing depiction of family turmoil .
If `` The Past '' is perhaps not the same level of masterwork as `` A Separation , '' it 's still the work of a master .
There is so much that Farhadi and his latest film does right , and does well ... Mature and real in a way that dramas rarely aspire too , The Past posits that sometimes the only way to move on from where you 've been , is to turn around and face it
Gossipy and hand-wringing , but graceful enough for you to safely call it art .
A stirring , impressively acted piece of work , and another detailed account of familial nuance from a director working at a seemingly effortless clip , no matter the locale .
Wonderfully shot , though without obvious or intrusive artifice , and it relies on both strong characters and a twisting , entertaining plot to keep the interest mostly pricked .
What a grippingly made picture it is , with real intellectual sinew ...

@highlight

Beautifully written , sensitively directed , and powerfully acted , The Past serves as another compelling testament to Asghar Farhadi 's gift for finely layered drama .