Marcos Siega 's movie is a smudged paint-by-numbers police story with every cliche except a 24-hour deadline to solve the case .
Meant as a vehicle to deliver young actor Nick Cannon to headliner status , this lame comedy just limps along like a tricycle with bent rims .
Cannon co-executive produced so he has to accept some of the blame for the lack of laughs and thrills , leaving Hugh Bonneville to ham it up for all he 's worth as the school 's snobbish headmaster .
The finish , a rush of climaxes , can make you feel zoned at 3 a.m. , trying to decide between TV and the wallpaper .
Consists of little more than tired racial jokes and fish-out-of-water gags .
Even the chase scenes sag as debut director Marcos Siega disappoints audiences at every turn .
It 's mind-boggling that such relentlessly offensive trash ever finds financial backing from a major Hollywood studio .
This is geared toward the preteen set , but director Marcos Siega proves inept at executing the most basic dramatic and comedic setups , and Cannon 's mugging and preening quickly grow tiresome .
The premise of The Underclassman is so familiar as to be groan-inducing , but the happy surprise is that it goes down very easily , and makes for agreeable summer light entertainment .
Fill a movie with enough racial jokes , speedy car chases and a handful of mysterious characters , and you 're bound to woo the public , right ? Not quite .
The smart-mouth-maverick-cop genre never looked more shopworn and played-out than in this halfhearted , half-baked mess .
It seems that the filmmakers behind Underclassman think that Nick Cannon is the second coming of comedy genius . The sad fact is that he ai n't .
Underclassman is primarily a string of clichés looking for a story .
However unfortunate or sad it is that people enjoy experiencing mediocre quality cinema , if you have nothing more stimulating to do on a Friday night , Underclassman could provide the entertainment -- not enlightenment -- you seek .
Almost comically unambitious , Underclassman seldom tries to be funny , and never even attempts to be original .
The film feels like the victim of too many rewrites and edits , with lots of plotlines that go nowhere or feel oddly unfulfilled .
Cannon simply does n't have the chemistry with his co-stars that he needs ; it 's as if he 's trying to perform a one-man show
Underclassman ca n't seem to decide if it wants to be a cop comedy or take on a more serious tone . Either way , it does n't succeed .
Underclassman flails around for 95 of the draggiest minutes that you could possibly encounter .
At times Tracy 's a sensitive guy who just needs a hug ; at others , he 's an obnoxious motormouth .
Nick Cannon is a funny guy . Not only that , he 's got talent and charisma . He deserves to be in a film that does n't try its best to make him look bad .
Cannon is abrasive and obnoxious , the comedy is not funny and the thrills are not thrilling .
-LSB- A -RSB- clichéd and callow action-comedy piece that 's about as appetizing as a dead worm in the teacher 's apple . Hence , the flawed Underclassman simply does n't make the grade
With movies like this is it a wonder that all theaters have lacked for most of the summer was the occasional tumbleweed to complete the illusion of their being ghost towns ?
This is one of those movies where at the end of the year you 'll say , ` Underclassman , what was that about ? I do n't even remember it . '
Where does Hollywood come up with such fresh and original material ?
With unsympathetic characters and a preposterous plot , the film has only the outdoor action scenes to provide a slight diversion from total boredom .
This unoriginal , not-raucous-enough - to-be-offensive movie just turns inane .
Underclassman was probably a gas to film . Watching it , on the other hand , is like sitting in afterschool detention .
Why , oh why , would Nick Cannon , star of the perfectly marvelous -LRB- but too-little seen -RRB- `` Drumline '' star in this tasteless mess ? Did success go to this young actor 's head ?
Cannon is a good actor ; he 's exceptionally funny and has a great sense of timing . Stil , toning down some of the over-the-top elements in ` Underclassman ' would 've helped .
It 's sad to see an exciting new director supervising a paint-by-numbers script of no creativity whatsoever .
In a smarter comedy Cannon could do damage . But the jokes in Underclassman are so utterly defanged so throwaway they 're the edgy equivalent of suburban doctor 's office banter .
It 's difficult to pick the film 's most heinous fault : its derivative script and story ; star Nick Cannon 's painfully hammy performance or Siega 's attempts at Michael Bay-lite action scenes and explosions .
There 's little that 's special about Underclassman , certainly nothing that Murphy and Eddie Griffin have n't done better in movies far funnier than this .
Underclassman is n't bad , it 's just lazy
-LSB- H -RSB- ow does -LSB- Cannon -RSB- get money to write , produce , and star in a movie that 's all about how hilarious he is ? This is a particular puzzle because he is not funny in the least .
Less an original product than a shoddy tribute to other mediocre cop movies .
Hu , Marin and a very fine British actor , Hugh Bonneville -LRB- Iris -RRB- playing the school 's headmaster , bring some desperately needed authenticity and texture to this Miramax film .
Yes , it 's really silly . And no , you wo n't remember a thing about it the second it 's over . But adults looking for fast-moving , nonviolent fun that kids might actually enjoy could do a lot worse .
If it were n't for the racist and puerile humour and the general laziness of the production , you could almost understand a movie like Underclassman . And maybe even forgive it .
Cannon 's appeal is overshadowed by both his vanity and the dull , by-the-numbers quality of the filmmaking .
A movie that will make you wish you were in detention .
Once in a great while -- usually late August -- a movie comes along that 's so lame , it does n't deserve a bad review . It deserves a war-crimes tribunal .
The film is of little use to anyone except casting directors , fixed on selling a performer rather than telling a story .
This feeble Beverly Hills Cop knockoff will give audiences burned repeatedly by crummy movies this summer yet another reason to avoid multiplexes for the Labor Day weekend .
A cop/teen movie so derivative it could have been written by a computer . Without human assistance .
Lots of talent , all of it pretty well wasted here .
It 's off to detention for Underclassman , a remedial comedy for idiots .
To paraphrase Lloyd Bentsen 's now-infamous diss of fellow vice-presidential candidate Dan Quayle in 1988 : We know Eddie Murphy . Nick Cannon , you 're no Eddie Murphy .
Underclassman is squarely aimed at a teen audience , but will be best appreciated by those who have never seen a TV cop show or , better yet , never attended school .
It gets a failing grade even by the low standards of late-August Hollywood releases .
Thanks to his charm and wit , Cannon 's character eventually finds himself in with the school 's in crowd , but his movie runs out of fresh ideas in the first 15 of its 95 minutes .
Within that worn formula of cop-shop banter and implausible car chases , lanky Nick Cannon offers some mild entertainment for teenagers looking for a safe bet at the multiplex .
Underclassman flunks out .
Let me float the suggestion that it be rated PG-13-only , since anyone older than that will quickly realize he or she has better things to do than attend this pitiful Beverly Hills Cop retread .
It 's got every cliché in it and does n't even really explore its premise , but it 's so much fun you really do n't care ... I like formula.There 's nothing wrong with genres we love .
It 's not the frequency of action-buddy-cop movie clichés that kills Underclassman . It 's the -LSB- filmmakers ' -RSB- laziness ... and contempt .
First off , it 's never good when Cheech Marin is in a movie and it 's not about weed .
To the person who once told Cannon he was funny , I wish I could jump into my DeLorean , travel back in time , and administer some Irish kisses to this individual .
The murder plot is far less important here than the film 's intention to sell audiences a hot young star who can charmingly mug his way through a movie .
As fate would have it , I forgot to bring my Cop Movie Cliché bingo card to the screening . It 's a shame , because I know I 'd have won .
Nick Cannon desperately wants to be Eddie Murphy , but does n't have the script or depth to make it happen .
Nick Cannon is n't nearly as funny as he thinks he is
A been-there , done-that snoozer .
Underclassman should n't have been released at all .
It 's straight off the assembly line with no surprises , but pleasantly entertaining thanks to Cannon 's being almost as charming as he thinks he is .
The latest bit of damaged goods offered up in the Miramax clearance sale , Underclassman plays like the longest episode of 21 Jump Street ever made .
If you saw 21 Jump Street back in the '80s , or any of a number of shows featuring cute and cuddly cops , you pretty much know where this flick is heading .
That sound you hear is from jet engines gassing up , about to zoom Underclassman to DVD-ville .
Marcos Siega 's direction is well-paced , but writers David T. Wagner and Brent Goldberg have n't brought anything sufficiently fresh or original to a formula plot .
Screenwriters David T. Wagner and Brent Goldberg do n't have tin ears , exactly ; they 've just recycled every movie quip they 've ever overheard .
Underclassman does n't even try to be good .
Nick Cannon is too likable an actor to be stuck in junk like Underclassman .
If unbelievable scenarios were against the law , Underclassman 's filmmakers would be under lock and key .
So far-fetched as to make Kindergarten Cop look comparatively austere .
A goofy puppy that just wants to be loved -- and knows only how to make an unimaginative mess .
It 's not horrible , but it 's not worth rescheduling your Labor Day barbecue around .
The script , by David T. Wagner and Brent Goldberg , is breathtakingly bad .
Cannon bounces through every frame hopped up with excess energy , rolling his eyes , spitting off rotten one-liners and overselling his blunt reactions to eye-splitting excess .
Like a student project sloppily cribbed from other kids ' notes .
Nope ! I 'm sorry , this wo n't do .
Siega 's hackneyed , by-the-books action-comedy exhibits few intelligent thoughts in its dunce cap-deserving head .

@highlight

Despite the appealing presence of Nick Cannon , Underclassman is a shopworn Beverly Hills Cop / 21 Jump Street knockoff .