Dumb werewolf movie may leave you feeling cursed .
This is `` Scream '' werewolf style ...
What can you say about a horror film when its spookiest cast member plays the innocent victim ?
It really never deserved to be more than a quickie TV-movie on the WB , where it would 've aired around Halloween and then faded into oblivion .
full review in Greek
A procession of silly startlements : a sudden loud sound here , a mysterious hand creeping in there . This is n't scary , it 's irritating . And then it 's tiresome .
Until this past Friday , the worst werewolf film ever made was , hairy hands down , Mike Nichols ' Wolf . Cursed now assumes that dubious distinction and someone is going to have to try very hard to wrestle it away .
film whose authors require so many excuses does n't deserve an audience
... boredom never quite sets in thanks to the engaging performances ...
It 's disheartening to see three so extraordinary talents as Craven , Williamson , and Ricci create so distinctly ordinary a product . -LRB- Unrated Version -RRB-
Subestima a inteligência do espectador do início ao fim e apela para todo tipo de clichê de direção para tentar provocar sustos ocasionais .
Watchable horror film has good performances and several nice moments but it 's let down by some dodgy CGI and a patchy script .
a confusing mess , occasionally funny , but with hardly enough bite to get you howling
If this is the way Craven is headed , we should be mourning the loss of a true talent .
They band together to combat the curse of these unnatural impulses and strike out to kill their original attacker in hopes of saving themselves .
Cursed feels like a series of curveballs designed to confuse the audience into thinking they 're watching anything other than bad dialogue .
There are so many contemptuous things to say about this disastrous Teen Wolf/Lost Boys clone that I 'm not sure where to begin .
All of this could have been loose , kitschy fun , but `` Cursed '' is too self-conscious to get off the ground .
Cursed is no Scream , but it is at least a healthy yelp .
... the real cursed are ticket buyers expecting a scary ride , which they wo n't get .
They were n't just scraping the bottom of the barrel here ; they were lifting it up to see what gunk clung to its mouldy base .
Cursed opens with a fortune teller bearing bad news .
When the violence-filled , snarling creature-fest appears to be over , there 's another act to go . It should have quit when it was almost a hoot .
A werewolf howler with no bite or bark . It 's completely scream-free .
Christina Ricci wanders around unleashed in a moon-eyed daze , wondering who let this dog out .
Messy and disconnected , not scary but not really funny , and nearly completely uninteresting .
Genre fans and newcomers alike should skip this monstrosity and go rent Ginger Snaps instead .
bears all the hallmarks of a film that has been worked and reworked and reworked again
The Weinsteins screw Craven out of a possibly great horror film .
It 's fun watching the horror conventions unfold though Craven 's skillful camera .
A stylish and fun homage to a classic horror subgenre .
However flawed this screamer may be , it 's still Wes Craven !
Makes you long for the days when teenage werewolves were beady-eyed , slavering versions of hairy-palm jokes .
Poor special effects , a silly looking werewolf and clunky comic writing help to spoil what should have been a fun B-movie .
The scariest thing in the movie is a cameo by Scott Baio .
Still , no movie starring Ricci has ever been a total waste - if you 're curious , it will be worth a three-buck DVD rental in a few months .
Before it was reworked for a PG-13 it might have been a more interesting movie than the lame , tame and more of the same werewolf yarn that skulked into theaters last week .
not quite edgy enough to be cool and it 's certainly nowhere near scary enough for most horror fans
It 's telling that one of the giddiest scenes -LRB- a lycanthropy-powered wrestling match -RRB- , reaches for inspiration from Teen Wolf Too .
Cursed may as well be retitled Guilty Pleasure , because that 's exactly what it is .
Not what you 'd expect from the makers of the Scream movies , but it still has it moments ; not a lot of them , but a few .
This on-again , off-again horror movie is a mess -- quite literally .
The special effects are particularly lame , and an insult to the proud werewolf tradition of An American Werewolf in London or the even better The Howling .
The film vacillates between inanity and flat-out lameness , and the decision to recut from an R-rated version to a PG-13 sucked out whatever life might have been left .
The scariest thing about this movie is the incredible waste of once-vital talent .
The special effects are chintzy -- some of the time , it looks like the people are being attacked by Garfield .
A third-rate effort , with a weak script , cheap-looking effects and no genuine frights .
How can you not feel affectionate toward a movie that includes a line like , ` I guess there 's no such thing as safe sex with a werewolf ' ?
A hodgepodge of false starts and dead ends , and an assault on an audience 's patience -LRB- as well as on the continuity editor -RRB- .
It 's not bad enough to make you curse , but you are likely to laugh when you should scream , and to roll your eyes when you are meant to laugh .
Follows its predictable way to an ending that seems endless .
A fangless tale devoid of chills .
The Dawson 's Creek sensitivity and unsatisfying effects undermine the lupine anxiety .
The problem lies with Williamson 's script , which feels as if it has been torn from different places and glued back together like a ransom note .
It wanders for quite a while , seemingly unsure what it 's supposed to be doing ... . I wanted to snap my fingers to get the movie 's attention and say , ` Movie ! Over here ! Focus ! '
The only good thing about this film is that Christina Ricci is still channeling Wednesday Addams .
Sit through the roller coaster plot and enjoy Craven doing what he does best , but do n't expect to walk out leery the next time you see a full moon .
There 's nothing here that 's remotely spooky or creepy or compelling . This is simply one of the most inert horror films I 've ever seen .
Cursed deserves its ignominy . And not your money .
Yet another dull , overdone and predictable horror movie .
the uneasy spectacle of a werewolf movie feeding on itself
You could say that PG-13-rated horror movies are , well , `` Cursed . ''
The Bush Presidential Spot `` Wolves at the Door '' was done much better ...
The scariest thing about Cursed is how willingly Dimension diluted this adult film , in an attempt to pawn it off to kids .
Not since primitive stop-motion special effects turned Lon Chaney into the Wolf Man has a movie lycanthrope looked so unconvincing .
Even the hybrid Cursed has become makes it a fright fest far superior to White Noise , Boogeyman and especially Alone in the Dark .
Go rent Teen Wolf Too instead . Please .
Fails to provide either Craven 's trademark chills or Williamson 's trademark satirical wit .
Squanders its potential with idiotic chilling flourishes that would n't upstage a Halloween mask . Fittingly , this is one withering werewolf saga that certainly bites the dust
has a far higher pedigree than your usual shocker , and it 's certainly a few notches above most movies that are kept away from critics before opening day .
Like Scream remade with butter knives ... takes a lazily superficial tack on the old werewolf yarn .
Decent , if uninspired .
Cursed is n't a very good movie , but it 's more an uninspired letdown than a flabbergasting turkey .
In the end the title seems to refer to the filmmakers -- and the audience -- rather than the characters .
Cursed gets off on the wrong foot by failing to introduce the characters properly . This is an error from which it never recovers , despite some moments that work well .
The best thing that can be said about Cursed is that it 's scarier than Teen Wolf Too .
Idiotic movie , even by werewolf standards .
This film could easily be the Springtime for Hitler of horror movies .
If I were a werewolf , Lance Bass would be one of my first rampaging stops .
With all the lackluster horror movies being released every weekend , you 've got to appreciate what pros Craven and Williamson are at the genre .
... why would anyone pay good money to see this ?
... pathétique excuse pour un film .
As a critic , I 've often been bored and offended by the movies I 've watched , but Cursed may be the first time I can remember being outright insulted by one .
Horror audiences should come to realize that Hollywood hates them if this is the best effort they could provide after making the same movie twice .
As a PG-13 , Cursed is a lesser , more cowardly effort , but one that still has enough giddy buoyancy and slick thrills to lift above its last-minute studio tinkering .
It 's a sad day when even Wes Craven falls victim to the PG-13-ification of horror .
A werewolf film , completely neutered .
A howlin ' good time !







@highlight

A predictable plot and cheesy special effects make Cursed a less-than-scary experience .