-LSB- A -RSB- paint-by-numbers first feature .
The real surprise is Brosnan 's silent , agonized performance ; his post-007 career has been one long campaign to prove he 's got the goods .
Although Feste delivers a well-acted , competently directed film with The Greatest , it ultimately lacks the originality that could lift it out of the fog .
... a passable debut from a relatively promising director ...
Even if you want more from a film than a depiction of reality , you 'll still appreciate the stars ' performances . But you 'll find yourself thinking it could have been so much better if rendering grief effectively did n't seem like the only goal .
First-time writer-director Shana Feste has made a wise , insightful movie about family , grief , and how awful and how wonderful it is to discover that life goes on after someone you love dies .
The title is incorrect .
Yet another film that tries to pass off a whole lot of screaming and crying as great acting . This fails especially in Brosnan 's big crying scene , in which he audibly squeaks
Overwrought in all the wrong ways , The Greatest does n't do its normally excellent cast any favors .
A meditation on loss by a writer-director whose honesty , sensitivity and intelligence more than mitigate the film 's histrionic qualities .
Two gifted young women whose best work will be in other films are the reason to see this one .
Perhaps the best compliment to give it is that it never comes off as a weepy Lifetime movie . The acting and writing are too good to let that happen .
It could more appropriately be known as just Good with Brief Moments of Absolute Brilliance .
Redeemed by its performances , its sporadic , carefully observed moments of truth , and the fact that Feste knows from good drama . The Greatest may be cheesy , but it ai n't amateur hour .
A well-performed tearjerker of the kind that mostly transcends its melodramatic set-up to become something genuinely moving .
The Greatest is n't even the best recent movie that stars Susan Sarandon as a woman trying to deal with the death of a child while forced into an awkward relationship with the main squeeze of the dead kid .
Sarandon and Brosnan are very good , indeed , Brosnan surprisingly so . In fact , Brosnan has never been so opened up , so emotional and yet so precise in his work . It 's a lovely performance in a film that only sometimes deserves him .
Though it sometimes feels more like a collection of scenes than a complete story , some moments are so raw and insightful that they feel like a punch to the heart .
What makes The Greatest work so well is that Feste clearly remembers what it 's like to be 18 and to believe your one chance at joy has passed you by .
The Greatest assembles a good cast in a clunky , shopworn story .
I wish I could say there was a moment in The Greatest that surprised me , but there was n't .
Do not mistake The Greatest for a movie about Muhammad Ali . And do not think its ambitious title indicates its overall quality .
There 's some good acting and a few nice moments . But far from being The Greatest , the movie itself is merely middling .
It 's earnest and grueling and gently contrived , and it lets several good performers play at repressing their feelings before letting them rip in jagged arias of Acting . I wanted to like the movie more than I did ; your mileage may vary .
-LSB- Mulligan 's -RSB- charming performance overcomes the character 's clichés and in the process affirms her burgeoning talent .
The Greatest includes a great performance and a very good one at the center of vagueness and confusion .
What begins as an extreme portrait in grief develops into a moving account of a family coming to terms with loss .
Although The Greatest is a histrionic mess , at least it looks clean .
Overwritten and indifferently directed by first-timer Shana Feste , this bloated TV-movie-of-the-week is more grate than great .
Mulligan adds so much with such problematic material she astonishes .
I think that the performances and also the kind of relaxed style of direction kind of make this watchable .
Any good actor 's career involves a certain amount of toning-up of questionable material , adding dimensions where they 're barely suggested on the page . That 's what Mulligan is doing here .
Emotional realism is captured through small , insightful moments with a stellar cast that lifts it above dealing-with-grief melodrama .
The film treads familiar thematic ground , but does so with urgency and genuine emotion .
The Greatest is a solid film containing numerous performances worth mention .
A moving story of love , loss , hope and renewal .
Marvelous when it settles into a hushed mood of introspection and unspoken personal connection ; a sweeping feeling of sea change reflected through a trio of splendid actors .
The movie suffocates as scene after shouty scene delivers nothing except yet another variant of the notion that it 's a bummer to lose a loved one .
Dignity dies a million deaths despite the best intentions .
Not even the skillful performances of its stars , Susan Sarandon and Pierce Brosnan , playing the boy 's parents , can cover up the mysterious gaps in continuity of a screenplay whose thudding dialogue spells out every emotion .
What a waste of a talented cast !
Sarandon and Brosnan are doing too much capital-A Acting , rather than letting their emotions play out naturally .
Do a quick check for your heart if you do n't find yourself at least a little choked up at some point during the film .
It 's when the small moments become large ones that Feste overreaches and the shaky performances do n't bail her out .
It is a potentially treacle-filled and melodramatic waste of time that thankfully is anything but , the film instead an emotionally charming winner that moved me to honestly earned tears I was beyond happy to be having the pleasure of shedding .
Unfortunately , though its heart is smack in the right place , The Greatest tends to play more like a collection of appropriate , well-acted scenes than as a fully satisfying narrative .
A well-observed study of an affluent family 's grief and rebirth after a tragic accident .
The Greatest pulls off a stunning fete , drawing an audience into a comprehensive film about grief .
The Greatest takes a piece out of you .
The movie might have resonated more if it threw out some of the grief-counseling cliches and let the idiosyncrasies of the characters dictate more of the drama .
A smart , finely wrought tale that will have you choked up and nodding your head at the same time ... It 's about much more than simply triggering the audience 's tear ducts .
A brave actor if not a technically dazzling one , Brosnan gives a moving performance , but he 's constantly undercut by the predictability of Allen 's woes .
No one -- not Brosnan 's shell-shocked-by-numbers patriarch nor Mulligan 's wide-eyed waif -- comes out of this steroidal pity party unscathed .
The usual grumpy cynics will undoubtedly call it sentimental and manipulative . Ignore them .
A typical tale of grieving but with luminous acting .
For a film devoted to investigating the complex repercussions of a sudden family death , The Greatest may be far too transparent in its bids for audience emotion .
It 's quite a good film and is extremely well acted , but its emotional assaults were so powerful that I found myself almost unable to endure them .
Director Shana Feste charts the uneasy journey people must undertake in the face of grief , but she ca n't quite fully bring this emotionally delicate drama to fruition .


@highlight

It 's burdened by a predictable , overly melodramatic story , but The Greatest benefits from strong performances by its talented cast .