Getting to the end is more chore than treat .
Of the many talented black actresses given a rare chance to shine thanks to Perry 's films , -LSB- Angela Bassett -RSB- is possibly the most talented .
After taking some steps toward maturity and shades of grey in his last film , Perry takes a step backward , retreating to broad schtick and black-and-white formula .
Moral : guns , basketball = interesting ; hospital beds , recovery time = dull , and therefore unnecessary .
The inner-city melodrama is as sticky as ever , but the downhome Georgia comedy is genuinely funny .
Master of disguise Perry 's tangled web of narrative threads range from poignant to positively awful .
On top of everything else , the direction is sloppy , the script is forced , and the whole thing feels like a bad hallmark film .
Enjoyable movie about a nice family that contains some quirky characters
perhaps Perry 's time in the limelight may be shorter than he -- or his fans -- think .
Tyler Perry continues his exploration of the sense and sensbility of the African-American community with this fun-loving celebration of the possibility of second chances .
Oh my , what magic Angela Bassett can work !
... -LSB- the -RSB- latest sausage from writer-director Tyler Perry ...
By refusing to really get his hands dirty or to show the truth of the matter , Perry 's work appears shallow and uninformed , thus begging the question : Is his work honest ?
The filmmaking is often sloppy -LSB- and -RSB- the plot has some elements that are ridiculous ... but Meet the Browns does have a major plus in Angela Bassett .
Well , it took five tries , but Tyler Perry has finally made a good movie .
The importance of faith , church , kin , staying off drugs , sharing food , repenting from sin , forgiving sinners , appreciating a good black man , rejecting a bad one , and honoring black matriarchy is enumerated with typical , reassuring Perry broadness .
Does take a preachy direction in the final half , it 's otherwise a fulfilling experience with all around great performances with some raucous laughs to be had ...
After the enjoyable Why Did I Get Married ? , Meet the Browns is a woeful setback .
While I could never call Meet the Browns a good movie , I will say it has moments that suggest Perry might yet make one .
Unlike Diary , the drama here is buoyant enough to handle the contrast of its too-silly slapstick .
By any aesthetic or cinematic standard , it is a terrible movie .
Feel-good film is formulaic but OK for teens .
Meet the Browns is packed with raucous dinner-table banter and broad double takes ; sometimes the gags are funny , but usually they 're just trying too hard .
Meet the Browns is lots of fun -- light on the Jesus-ifying and heavy on showcasing some very talented African-American performers whom audiences do n't get to see often enough . You 'll be glad to have been introduced .
To appreciate Tyler Perry 's Meet the Browns , there 's really only one requirement : Loosen up .
Atlanta-based playwright-turned-entertainment mogul Tyler Perry 's fourth feature may be his most awkwardly plotted , cliché-ridden effort to date .
There are a few laughs and some touching moments , but nothing you could n't get by watching episodes of Good Times and Little House on the Prairie back to back .
Whatever progress the man was making , Browns is a Madea-sized big fat step backward .
Meet the Browns is saddled with the usual quotient of phony snafus and entanglements that are easily untangled .
Eventually something 's got to give , and the slapdash feel of Meet the Browns hints that -LSB- Perry -RSB- might need to give himself a break .
While Bassett 's performance deserves a better forum than Perry can provide , she gives his latest movie a sense of dignity its predecessors lacked .
An adaptation of one of his stage plays , Meet the Browns gives off the distinct feeling that Perry is treading water or at the very least is content to satisfy his audience with the minimum .
Feel-good themes of resilience , faith and family are n't sufficient to redeem this scattershot single-parent dramedy from the Diary of a Mad Black Woman auteur .
Meet the Browns is a typically affectionate , revealing and somewhat sprawling family comedy .
Meet the Browns , the latest Tyler Perry film , has a good heart . But it 's a mess of a movie .
This is n't a movie : it 's a buffet at which ... Perry piles your plate with spoonfuls of absurd melodrama , a taste of gritty urban drama , a heaping of cheap cartoon , and a big side of corn .
Overall , ` Tyler Perry 's Meet The Browns ' is not as multi-layered and spiritual uplifting as a the previous films , but it will still appeal to his usual fan base .
It 's Tyler Perry 's aesthetic in a nutshell : strong , suffering female protagonists , no-good men , clear-cut ethical quandaries , schizophrenic tonal shifts handled as gracefully as bumper-car collisions , and a complete absence of moral ambiguity .
It 'd be nice if -LSB- Perry -RSB- took more time to think about lighting and staging a scene -- but hey , he really does n't have to .
The film demonstrates all too vividly its creator 's penchant for soap opera-style melodramatics , absurdly broad comedy and offensively stereotypical characterizations .
Tyler Perry 's Meet the Browns often plays more like Tyler Perry 's Greatest Hits as it recycles various elements from the writer-director 's earlier works .
-LSB- Perry 's -RSB- films are hardly realistic , but they are n't exercises in pure escapism either . They offer comic relief and moral correction . And if they feel corny and hokey at times ... that is partly because they make everyone who sees them ,
Meet the Browns deserves its box office glory , Madea 's clunky cameo notwithstanding .
Too laced with silly slapstick to measure up to the best of Tyler Perry 's previous offerings , yet still hilarious in spots and ultimately satisfying enough to be well worth watching .
If everyone is going to be out there seeing a Tyler Perry movie this weekend , I do n't mind that they 're seeing this one .
Tyler Perry 's Meet The Browns is another opportunity for Perry to hector his fans about leading good lives .
For a playwright-turned-filmmaker still preaching pretty much to a choir of -LRB- Tyler -RRB- Perry 's devoted near-cult following stage-play converts , however , it might be enough .
Perry might be out to create a community spirit in theaters across the country , but , again , that does n't excuse his thick-fingered mangling of dramatic expression and his questionable taste in racial caricatures . Meet the Browns is a stinker .
Tyler Perry 's Meet the Browns is n't exactly a good movie , but it is a good Tyler Perry movie .
It would take a stony critic to dismiss entirely the movie 's tribute to the virtues of perseverance and generosity .
Praise Jesus that Tyler Perry found Angela Bassett .
This cheerfully dim-witted film is ultimately a step backwards from its predecessor , the ensemble-driven Why Did I Get Married ?






@highlight

Angela Bassett 's considerable charms ca n't compensate for Meet the Browns ' incessant melodrama and scattered narrative threads .