This documentary stares truth in the face in more ways than one .
To balance the chilling reality of the powerful having their unabated way with the miserably weak , the faces of carefree children mugging into the camera is a welcome balm on the wounds of systemic depravity .
Clumsy filmmaking and political analysis do not detract from the horror of the events the film bears witness too , nor the importance of its message .
The Devil Came On Horseback sets out to shock . The images caught by Steidle 's camera will stay with you long after his personal story - given too much time in relation to events - has faded from memory .
Steidle 's documentary evidence - shot where no journalist can set foot - makes for grim viewing .
A decent attempt at outling the crises but crucially lacking much depth .
Powerful , impressively directed and desperately moving documentary that highlights one of the world 's most vicious injustices and the shocking refusal of Western governments to do anything about it .
This documentary tells us two things . It 's very bad in the Darfur region of the Sudan and the U.S. is n't doing a damned thing to stop the genocide there .
Filmmakers Ricki Stern and Anne Sundberg chronicle his burgeoning activism in the face of the U.S. government 's indifference as the government of Sudan works systematically to eradicate black Africans from the region .
Gripping , heartfelt and eye-opening film .
we feel Steidle 's inner turmoil as he cries uncontrollably at the thought of the genocide he was powerless to prevent
In a way , `` Devil '' is two horror stories , the first is what Steidle saw in Darfur , the second what he saw when he left .
When you see a hero like Steidle feeling guilty because he could n't do more -- well , it 's hard to feel anything but admiration for him and the movie .
The gripping documentary The Devil Came on Horseback traces the change of heart that compelled Steidle to break military discipline in 2005 and offer his secret photographic evidence of Sudan 's vicious ethnic cleansing to the New York Times .
The Devil Came on Horseback is a documentary account of Steidle 's ongoing efforts to educate the world about the violence he witnessed as an unarmed military observer for the African Union in 2004 .
The collection of images that make up the first forty-odd minutes of the film are among the most horrifying I have seen in all my life .
The film 's approach suits an audience broader than the usual documentary crowd , though it 's worth mentioning that those pictures can really stay with you .
On all counts , the co-directors of this persuasive documentary set the right tone .
A dynamic , shockingly graphic story of the horrors of Darfur .
Directors Ricki Stern and Anne Sundberg have found an impressive protagonist in Steidle , but they would have done better to expand the scope of the documentary beyond his personal recollections .
With an estimated 400,000 dead since 2003 , and 2.5 million Sudanese left homeless in the wake of the genocide , ignoring the story does n't seem like a humane option .
The Devil Came on Horseback means to upset you . To this end , it presents Steidle 's photos and very vocal frustrations .
The Devil Came on Horseback is a documentary about the genocide in that part of Africa , and the film 's strength is that it shows us the horror , rather than tells us about it . It 's painful to watch .
-LSB- Steidle 's photos -RSB- can not be viewed without flinching , but they must be seen by as many people as possible .
Like the best art , documentary films can provoke strong emotions -- and The Devil Came on Horseback is definitely provocative .
An exceptionally powerful film driven by contradictory forces .
Brian Steidle wants to show you some pictures . Please look at them .
Too often the movies view the problems of Africa through Western eyes , but Devil turns that weakness to a literal strength , because Steidle could do nothing in his position except take photographs .
... a moving and sometimes gut wrenching account of this latest holocaust . But , with so much focus on Iraq , this fine documentary may fall by the wayside .
Marine Captain Brian Steidle , who went to Darfur to monitor a peace agreement but instead became a witness to genocide , should be considered by Time for Man of the Year .
One of the most painful documentaries made in the last many years .
-LSB- A -RSB- searing documentary on the genocide in Darfur .
more than a great film , it 's also the rare kind of non-fiction film that can actually open eyes .
But The Devil Came on Horseback has galvanized audiences at film festivals around the world precisely because it presents , in its calm , measured fashion and without much ceremony , pictures that nobody really wants to see .
The persuasive documentary The Devil Came On Horseback contains dozens of photographs that testify to this tragedy , yet the apathy pierces hardest of all .
The failure of world conscience haunts The Devil Came on Horseback .
One of the most searing and emotionally shattering documentaries ever made about the indifference of the world to genocide .
It is difficult to fault a film that only asks for an end to an unfathomably evil campaign that has left some 400,000 dead , and another 2.5 million homeless .
Sincere and purposeful , Devil has the potential to do for the situation in Darfur what An Inconvenient Truth did for global warming , which is to say , get people talking about it .
If you do n't already have a handle on the complicated conflict at the heart of Darfur 's ongoing genocide , you probably wo n't come away from this harrowing documentary with any comprehensive understanding .
Brutal , urgent , devastating -- the documentary The Devil Came on Horseback demands to be seen as soon as possible and by as many viewers as possible .
A decent primer on the situation , but by no means definitive .
Devil ponders the optimism/pessimism = apathy/x equation as honestly and studiously as any doc I 've ever seen .
Both explains the rationale for the chaos in Darfur in terms we can all understand and asks us to follow Steidle 's lead by demanding our leaders to act now in order to save the helpless people of Darfur .
A powerful and heart-rending call to attention .
Thank you Brian for your bravery to go directly into the eye of the storm and for your immense courage to share what you have seen with your sincerity and compassion .
Documentarians Ricki Stein and Annie Sundberg do a good job of explaining , through -LSB- interviewee -RSB- Steidle , the complex conflicts in the region .
A sickeningly effective call to action that asks how we in the most powerful nation on the planet can , even in the presence of a smoking gun , remain so loath to effect change .
I really enjoyed the style of the film . Using -LSB- subject -RSB- Steidle 's pictures he took while he narrates the letters he sent to his sister during his time in Sudan really make for an interesting narrative .
Keeps visual dazzle to a minimum , and applies subtle techniques to provide a needed background to current events .



@highlight

The Devil Came on Horseback is both a strong primer on the complexities of the situation in Darfur and a harrowing first-person doc .