Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is so incredibly bland and by the numbers it 's painful to watch ... it 's just a collection of unfunny moments that are both uninteresting and annoying .
I was convinced I was going to hate this film . But , it did n't bug me as much as I thought it would .
I think it should be considered child abuse to inflict this tripe upon children .
A sequel every bit as bland , forced and flat as the generic 2003 comedy which spawned it .
There 's a discernible lack of enthusiasm from almost everyone involved , and Duff , who 's gone from wholesome to haggard in two short years , is flat-out scary .
This is definitely a family trip to stay home and skip .
There 's something pernicious about a toxic mix of sitcom and snickering sex jokes getting packaged and effectively sold as wholesome fun for the family .
Its heart is in the right place , but a reliance on gimmicks and sentiment undermines the story . In the end , both the laughs and the tears here come just a little too cheap .
All I wanted to do was rent Ron Howard 's Parenthood again just to remind myself that Steve Martin once made a film about families that was both honest and funny .
Martin and Levy mug for their close-ups and then retire to their trailers while the stunt doubles do the really hard work .
` Cheaper by the Dozen 2 ' is one of the reasons that movie viewership dropped off in 2005 .
A couple of good chuckles ca n't redeem this sappy mess .
A miserable experience filled with crude slapstick , cruder sentiment and retrograde jokes .
... -LSB- takes -RSB- a dated , sitcom approach that reveals just how little the filmmakers think of their audience .
A family fantasy that plays at being happy and picture-perfect but primarily comes off as fake and dismayingly unfunny .
The treacle spreads like molten lava and everyone ends up flat on their molasses .
if you go to this movie and find any decent laugh in there whatsoever , you should know right now that I have nothing but utter contempt for you .
-LSB- A -RSB- cinematic Bataan death march of pratfalls , kicks to the crotch , leg-humping dogs , pseudo-adorable rugrats who are a collective menace to society , and stomach-turning schmaltz ...
This sequel is just a string of lame slapstick gags , where Steve Martin acts handicapped , makes a fool of himself and gets a wetsuit stuck up his butt .
Cheaper by the gross .
It 's the snobs vs. the slobs ! And this holiday 's no picnic !
All in all , the emphasis in this title is less on the ' 2 ' and more on the ` Cheaper . '
Here 's a sentence I never thought I 'd write : Carmen Electra is more interesting than Steve Martin .
This cheerless , tiresome sequel is so tastless and flimsy that it proves big families are n't much fun after all .
I wonder how many meetings they had before they came up with that title . And did n't we just see this movie a couple of weeks ago , and was n't it called Yours , Mine and Ours ?
Any movie that stars Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt ca n't be all bad , and this one is n't .
... you may get a half-hour sitcom 's worth of laughs , but little more .
... feels cobbled together by a committee fresh from a marathon of family reunion and summer camp comedies .
`` Cheapr by the Dozen 2 , '' is not as ghastly as one might expect . In fact , it has moments that are realistic and sweet .
Crammed with moppet mayhem , mawkish sentiment and bruising slapstick , it 's a flat-footed retread only Right to Lifers could love .
Even the bloopers during the closing credits stink .
The humor in Sam Harper 's script is as malnourished as Hilary Duff appears to be .
For the most part , director Adam Shankman keeps the mayhem comprehensible .
Running a painfully long 100 minutes , the movie is made up of a tiresome series of predicable , slapstick moments .
When cutesy family-oriented comedies start to show the strained buffoonery of its leading star -LRB- Martin -RRB- , you know it 's time to hang up the hat and call it the day .
It aims to be pleasant and good-natured , which it is . There are enough laughs scattered throughout to keep everything moderately amusing , and the cast is likeable .
While their last movie relied on boisterous physical humor , this is built on a family feud .
The movie may play better on video screens in the back of minivans , but I suspect even seat-belted children will remain unimpressed .
Shankman drops the ball at the finish line , jettisoning the tough-love fun for cheap sentimentality .
This by-the-numbers pratfall-fest is as synthetically generic as a `` Happy Holidays '' card from your realtor .
The kids will love it ; parents will just have to put up with it .
This film is funniest when it does n't try so hard .
Sequels to comedies usually come with a risk to one 's digestive system , and sequels to bad comedies should carry a warning label .
` Cheap ' is the word for Cheaper by the Dozen 2 .
Sequels tend to be stupider by the dozen , and part two is perhaps overshadowed only by the banality and pointlessness of say , Leprechaun 6 .
Unfortunately in this instance , more does n't make merry , only mayhem .
We likely have a sequel because the first Steve Martin family comedy successfully grossed 3 1/2 times its budget by teasing light humor out of family high jinks . That 's all fine , but did it have to be set in summer camp-style ?
Steve Martin is kind of like your uncle who still gets to play quarterback during the holiday family football game , even though he has n't thrown a touchdown since 1992 .
With three inspired comics -- Martin , Levy and Hunt -- as the adult leads , Cheaper 2 is not an entirely wearing experience . But its predictability borders on the insulting .
Two Dozens and Ours together do n't have a dozen laughs between them .
Moviegoers who enjoyed the PG anarchy the first time around should find amusement in the second Dozen . If the last picture left you with a migraine and a sense of claustrophobia , the sequel will be another bout of pain .
Unfortunately , this family comedy does n't live up to its promising premise .
There is no hilarity , just a couple of veteran funnymen going through the hellishly predictable motions in this unimaginative and unnecessary sequel .
There is a good movie to be made about the difficulties parents have in letting go of their children . Actually , Ron Howard already made that movie . It was called Parenthood and it starred Steve Martin .
If the creators seem lethally bored with their product , most viewers will find their patience tested , too .
The film is at its best when it 's not trying to be desperately funny , but that 's rare .
I did say almost . As comedies and sequels go , this one still is n't any good . The writing by screenwriter Sam Harper is astonishingly limp , going to places even a bad NBC sitcom would be afraid to tread .
A cheerless sequel to an uninspired remake .
Cheaper By the Dozen 2 dishes sweetness and sentimentality in holiday-sized portions . It has its heart in the right place . Too bad it only fitfully locates its funny bone .
In this Hollywood fantasy about a family with 12 kids , nobody does chores , we never see dirty dishes and mom -LRB- Bonnie Hunt -RRB- is always immaculately groomed , dressed and smiling June Cleaver-style , right down to the tasteful string of pearls .
Jimmy 's kids ' resentment is noticed only by the keenly attentive Carmen Electra .
The only ones who are likely to have any investment in all this would be the on-set caterers , who probably bought their own vacation homes after preparing meals for 24 .
This half-hearted , obviously obligatory sequel feels labored and twice as long as it really is .
Cute kids . Harried fathers . Wise , understanding mothers . Some stupid pet tricks . A little girl falls in love . Over-protective father messes things up . Money is n't everything . Tender moments . And lots of pratfalls .
Sure ai n't a movie . Nope , it 's a product , pure and very simple and carefully tested to sell to the widest possible market .
All the characters get in fights but , SPOILER ALERT , everything ends with hugs , violins , good wishes and warm hearts .
As I watched this sequel , a certain good feeling began to make itself known . Yes , the movie is unnecessary . However , it is unnecessary at a higher level of warmth and humor than the recent remake Yours , Mine and Ours .
Noisy , silly , gratingly upbeat , and piously sentimental , Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is what passes for wholesome family entertainment these days .
Watching Steve Martin in Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is like watching Emeril manning the kitchen at Arbys .
for those unlucky souls who may be forced to take children to the sequel , there is a bit of semihappy news : Although ` Dozen ' was obnoxious , ` Dozen 2 ' is merely innocuous .
It 's a strange feeling to come out of a movie aimed at kids , much less a sequel to something like Cheaper by the Dozen , and not feel as though I need a shower and a vasectomy .
When a film makes $ 190M at the box office , you have to expect a sequel . This one is just as good as the first ... actually a little better .
After making Shopgirl , it appears Steve Martin had a lobotomy .
Yeah , cheaper is right .
Bland , canned but studiously professional .
Give Dozen a slight edge to the mournful Yours , Mine & Ours as a holiday season bottom-feeder , because Martin and Levy are better at slapstick than Dennis Quaid .
Many families are likely to find Cheaper by the Dozen 2 a holiday treat .
I wanted to watch one of the great comic geniuses of the last 50 years make me laugh , and I got stuck watching Steve Martin in a wetsuit being dragged behind a boat . Life 's full of disappointments , is n't it ?
A harmless , inoffensive bit of family programming during the holiday season -- and there 's nothing wrong with that . But ` harmless ' does n't have to mean dull .
This messy blend of silly slapstick and oversentimentality probably wo n't please children , teenagers or adults .
Heed my warning : Unless you guys stop going en masse to movies like the first Cheaper by the Dozen , genuinely funny people like Hunt , Martin and Levy will forever be forced to pay their heating bills doing bland franchise fillers like this .
A textbook example of how not to mess with success , Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is every bit as forced , synthetic , banal and mawkish as the first edition .
Martin 's soul is for sale , dirt cheap .
Shallow , meandering , predictable , padded , and jam-packed with one unfunny , hoarily conceived slapstick bit or pratfall after the next .
The big Baker clan goes for a vacation at a Wisconsin lake , and we get drowned in a sea of slapstick and schmaltz ... but it 's actually an improvement on its predecessor .
Concerned with pat platitudes about learning to say goodbye , the importance of family , and the superiority of parental leniency over authoritarian strictness .
Okay , everybody , back to your shopping -- there 's nothing to see here .
Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is predictable , manipulative , and probably funded by the Taliban , but that does n't mean you wo n't enjoy it .
Cheaper by the Dozen 2 is simply a case of plastic characters jumbled together with a contrived script , shoved in a Hollywood comedy oven with the timer bell ignored .






@highlight

A sequel to a remake , Cheaper 2 wastes its solid cast in scenes of over-the-top , predictable humor .