I 've decided to be merciful to Michael Radford 's meat and-potatoes , 21st-century , politically correct , GCSE-student version of The Merchant of Venice .
Lovely to look at , but like the famous caskets that Portia uses to test her suitors , its very beauty hides a weird core .
Pacino seeks his pound of flesh as a tragic outsider .
The text is wonderful , Radford 's film has some fine performances from Jeremy Irons and Joseph Fiennes , and he makes good use of Venice locations .
It is really a pleasure to watch a masterful actor like Al Pacino wring every nuance out of the multifarious character of Shylock .
We see what an actor 's actor Pacino can be : he 's careful and watchful ; respectful of other actors ' timing ; and says his lines perfectly , resisting all temptation to grandstand .
A richly cinematic and robust rendition of Shakespeare 's pre-political correctness play about the place of Jews in anti-Semitic 16th century Venice , Michael Radford 's film takes delight in dramatics thus pulling us into the story .
It has taken 5 years for Michael Radford 's splendid interpretation of Shakespeare 's play to come to Australia and it is worth the wait .
Pacino is at least dynamic , something harder to say about the women in the cast .
It 's the perfect cinematic vehicle -- or at least it would have been , if Radford 's adaptation were n't so unremittingly cloddish .
Pacino shapes the role masterfully . He not only rises to the role 's extremes of villainous melodrama , he fills them , rendering them both theatrical and believable
This is Al Pacino 's show , and thankfully his Shylock is absorbing enough to carry the day .
It veers from real conviction to panto , but Radford is clearly committed to the play 's relevance , while Pacino , the Shakespeare addict , is a joy to watch .
Manages to be a gripping and intriguing film .
It tilts so far in one direction that the comic elements seem to come from another , lesser film .
The screenplay is lean and powerful and the direction deft .
Finally , a filmatic spectacle worthy of the Scribe ...
With a running time of over two hours , I was ready to pay with a pound of my flesh for The Merchant of Venice to close shop already .
This rendition is hardly a freshman course .
It remains an exercise of the head , not the heart .
Merchant of Venice is such a blatantly anti-Semitic work that a modernization seems imprudent .
Shakespeare needs no special effects or short-sighted novelties . Michael Radford 's straightforward telling of The Merchant of Venice does the great play justice .
Radford preserves the mechanics of the plot , but also offers us heroes who are as flawed as the nominal villain , if not more so
Radford 's adaptation admirably captures the inherent and troubling contradictions of the play , and turns them into great , thought-provoking drama .
The Merchant of Venice is a not a perfect play , but it is a good one . And the same can be said for Radford 's version of it .
Radford has rendered off the comedy to find the dramatic skeleton underneath . It is an approach that works stunningly well and is perhaps the only way the play can now be done .
A solid production that tries to overcome as best as it can its flaws , which include its anti-Semitic caricature of the Shylock .
What an odd accident of fate -- and sad collision of dietary demands -- that the stage 's most famous Jew would wind up being played so wonderfully by film 's most delicious ham .
Merchant is n't perfect ; it 's torn in too many directions . But Radford 's film is about as good as one could hope for .
Pacino 's performance creates a bridge over the language barrier that is the film 's saving grace ... and Radford expertly adapts the language to full cinematic potential .
As much fun as it is to see Pacino chew some Shakespearean scenery , both the role and the movie could have used a more likable actor .
Pacino 's performance does n't reconcile the contradictions of The Merchant of Venice , but it goes far in revealing them .
The experiment mostly succeeds .
Pacino makes a memorable Shylock , filled with painful humanity , rage and insecurity .
It lacks the heat and suppleness of the best Shakespeare on film .
A vivid , engrossing and defensible Shakespeare adaptation , a period piece that truly has a feel for a time long past -- and a place and attitude that are not .
The filmmaker succeeds mightily in imbuing potentially dangerous material with enlightened ambiguity .
Radford has managed to find and nurture the story 's deeper , universally heartbreaking themes .
Pacino 's stentorian delivery and punctuating hands are almost parodistic , as likely to draw a chuckle as to elicit empathy .
Radford remains fairly reverent toward the text and the intent .
The opening disclaimer suggests that ` intolerance of the Jews ' is something the world has outgrown , rather than an attitude that continues to be exploited ...
Pacino , bearded and digging deep within his talent , almost shrinks into human nothingness under the weight of hate . It may be his finest performance .
The film is a work of clarity and urgency and a welcome and overdue addition to the Bard 's film canon .
Radford 's gloomy film is a long and slightly draining haul , but the intensity of Al Pacino 's central performance justifies the effort required .
As evidenced by this film , in capable hands , Shylock is a unique amalgam of flaws still worthy of rendition .
Ranks as one of the most powerful recent adaptations of the bard 's work .
Radford makes the most of Venice 's dark , entangling corners , and Merchant certainly has its better moments , even if its melange of acting styles and directorial intentions do n't quite build into a totally successful production .
Balanced , beguiling -- even funny .
This tragicomic classic is n't effective either as a comedy or a tragedy .
The give-and-take between the two veterans -LSB- Pacino and Irons -RSB- is a delight to witness .
Director Michael Radford has assembled a terrific cast ... .
The movie moves briskly , and as long as you focus on listening intently to the dialogue , the Shakespearean style of speech will not be indistinguishable .
This adaptation of Shakespeare 's most controversial play is breathtaking and * features * exceptional performances , including a career best by Al Pacino . **
A production that is already long on atmosphere but short on passion and pain .
For lovers of the play 's language ... the losses will hurt . But as cinematic storytelling , it works .
For all the silky Italian pleasures , there is an aroma from this strange drama that whiffs to mind the ashen breeze from Auschwitz .
Pacino 's fiercely vivid performance keeps Shylock 's half of the play alive at all times .
Perplexing blend of comedy and tragedy .
Pacino 's performance elevates the film to a must-see level .
Antonio 's shirt is ripped open , to expose Irons ' thin chest , his body suddenly a map of his sorrow , his suffering .
-LSB- Al Pacino 's -RSB- terrific to watch and listen to ; you ca n't take your eyes off him .
The Merchant of Venice is a problematic play , but Michael Radford 's new movie version passes most of the cinematic Shakespeare tests with flying colors .
In what is , unbelievably , the first English-language film of Merchant since the silent era , Collins and Pacino plumb the depths of acting , of Shakespeare , of the difference between law and justice .
Much darker than normal , the acting , directing and staging are very good . But it 's Shakespeare , stupid . Old Will and what he wrote steal the show .
Beauty and ugliness mingle in this play , with the beauty of language ultimately triumphing .
Were it not for the stain of anti-Semitism that forever marks Shakespeare 's The Merchant of Venice , there is little doubt that Michael Radford 's brave screen adaptation would currently be in serious contention for awards .
Splendid film .
Brisk , smart , funny , tragic and sometimes downright thrilling .
A lean , stripped-down and unapologetically cinematic take on Shakespeare 's work , an adaptation designed at each turn to diminish the mechanics of the comedy and to explore the depths of the pathos .
Shylock is an intense , passionate character in a great play , and Radford 's film does them justice .
The performances are all strong , and , for the most part , sparkle with the kind of originality and assurance that only comes when a director allows his players an unusual free rein .
An important , timeless and sometimes troublesome classic has been filmed successfully and at long last .
The usurer 's shifty moral character drives the movie , even if you 've read the play before , and Pacino -LRB- over -RRB- acts accordingly
Despite several missteps , a Shakespeare production this gutsy and distinctive is worth seeing , even if it 's just to be a part of the debate it will stir .
Full beard , furrowed brow , and rough voice all combine with the diminutive stature of one of the greatest actors ever pumping passion and interest into every Shylock moment .
To quote the touching words of one correspondent , posted during an online discussion of this movie , ` I did n't like the story . ' Not much to be done about that .
An exceptional example of Shakespeare on film , one that will leave audiences moved but also unsettled , in that strange way characteristic of Shakespeare 's comedies .
Pacino takes Shylock , perhaps the most insistent and troubling character in all of Shakespeare , and roots him powerfully to the ground .
... Al Pacino 's powerful , poignant performance is matched by most of the supporting cast - and photographer Benoit Delhomme 's Venetian visuals are dazzling .
Radford does n't solve the problems of The Merchant of Venice , which nowadays is too disturbing to be played for comedy and too unresolved to qualify as tragedy or even that ever-shifting hybrid , tragicomedy .
Promises more than it delivers .
A smart , respectful work that 's well-turned by seasoned veterans .
The film itself occasionally plods , but Pacino , tackling a tough trap of a role , raises the bar in a mesmerizing acting triumph .
Dry and disappointing .
Despite some clunky exposition and rote iambic line readings , it attains a bona fide Shakespearean vibrance .
A respectable attempt to deal with the issues the text raises in a way that minimizes the potential offensiveness without unduly diluting its power .
Only Al Pacino , badly miscast as Shylock , is a crushing disappointment , one that weighs down the whole production with the air of a vanity project gone bad .
Credit Radford for keeping his sterling cast in an admirably understated mode .
All in all , one of the better Shakespere adaptations .
Setting an historical fact in opening subtitles ... may prepare the audience for what many view as an anti-Semitic work , but it does not address the play 's tonal disjointedness
The women get to be tough and heroic and still be charming and get want they want in the end - let 's hear it for Renaissance Girl Power .
Connects so emotionally glancingly as to leave you questioning your admiration for and faith in the source material .
It all collapses under an atrocious performance by Pacino .
Michael Radford tries valiantly but only semi-successfully to subvert and redirect Shakespeare 's intent . Pacino is much less appropriate for historical roles .
Worth seeing for its lovely Venetian settings and evocative score but most of all for Pacino 's spectacular rendering of Shylock .
Writer-director Michael Radford ... forgets that the play , for all its ugliness , is meant to be played as a comedy .
Intriguing but ultimately unfulfilling .
The best film version of a Shakespearean play since Julie Taymor 's Titus .
Shylock , Portia , money-lending and betrayal get a little too much help from director Michael Radford .
Left us all weary , begging for a rest .
Shakespeare 's most problematic play at least with respect to modern sensitivities receives an intelligent interpretation from Michael Radford and a superb cast .
An uneasy blend of tragedy , comedy and anti-Semitism .
A queasy comedy in which Pacino burns a hole in the screen while the frivolity around him sputters .
This may well be the best of all Merchant of Venice movie versions possible .
This film possesses the right touch .
Tonally dyspeptic and distracting .
Even notwithstanding this version 's inert blocking and awkward camera placements , The Merchant of Venice is one of Shakespeare 's more crooked and hollow contraptions in any guise .
This is one of the best adaptations of Shakespeare I 've ever seen . Pacino 's amazing .
Radford takes a stylish but decidedly low-key tack , demanding naturalist acting to crawl under the viewer 's skin .
Boasts a sterling performance by Lynn Collins as an enchanting Portia who makes the most of her beauty and her brains .
Pacino wisely underplays Shylock , whose words come out more like conversation than like quotable speeches .
Radford has made a grim drama with some incomprehensible moments of failed levity .
A designedly cinematic adaptation that pulls off the task of speaking to today 's general audience .
Transforms Shakespeare 's most complex works into a morass of paralyzing drudgery .
Pacino 's performance is worth the ticket price alone , but do n't expect a film that 'll encourage a Shakespearian revival ; it 's far too uninspired for that .
A well made , beautifully acted film that remains gripping throughout its lengthy running time .
Pacino 's work here -LSB- is -RSB- another triumph in a long and valuable career .
Not only is this the worst film of the year , but it is also the worst Shakespeare film ever made .
Shakespeare 's controversial play has been lovingly adapted to the screen in a version that bears comparison to Kenneth Branagh 's best film work .
Radford that draws out the cultural context of the period and the emotions in the story .
However one might quibble with parts of the director 's adaptation , there 's enough fine craft that he may be called , Sir Radford of Stratford .
Adapted with a careful craftsmanship and a stunning eye for detail , Radford 's Merchant should prove a worthwhile experiment to all the Bard-heads out there .
Pacino gives a keenly measured performance , leading an excellent British cast through their paces in a richly colorful production .




@highlight

A respectable if uneven take on the Bard 's The Merchant of Venice .