The only problem is that , with so much fascinating material to cover , The Crash Reel skips over half of it .
Walker 's most fine-tuned character-driven documentary yet .
The Crash Reel is an affecting reminder of how suddenly circumstances can turn on us . But it 's also an inspiring look at how we can deal with even the most hobbling bad luck .
Lucy Walker makes a multi-faceted documentary that deals with the demands on Olympic-level athletes to excel at their chosen sport .
Walker never preaches , she and Kos just lay out an incredible journey with a few supportive side trips to build her case against extreme sports while still celebrating the athletes who participate in them .
This is top-notch filmmaking in terms of its technique and its humane spirit .
Surprising and moving , it 's a nonfiction wonder .
The Crash Reel simply swells one 's heart ; the Pearce family is a smart and loving one , and the lessons sprinkled throughout this amazing documentary are multitude .
Jawdropping and jawbreaking stunts performed by professional snowboarders open Lucy Walker 's latest documentary , but it is the aftermath of accidents that form the powerfully disturbing core of the film .
Lucy Walker 's documentary is exhilarating and grim viewing .
With some narrative threads suddenly dropped , it 's raw-edged and sometimes jarring . But as a reminder of how fragile life is , it 's spot-on .
Few documentaries manage to show character arcs as full as the one Walker captures here .
The Crash Wheel makes a valiant effort to bring wider awareness to some of the bigger issues surrounding these extreme sports , but the film is strongest when it is simply Pearce 's story .
After screening The Crash Reel , you will never , ever again delight in televised images of skiers and snowboarders wiping out on the slopes . Guaranteed .
Another memorable piece of storytelling from the Oscar-winning director .
The hook of The Crash Reel is that it 's about the rivalry between two famous American snowboarders , but in reality , Lucy Walker 's slickly produced documentary is about one man 's ongoing battle with himself -- on and off the slopes .
Ms. Walker does n't go too deeply into the questions all this raises , but at least she broaches them . Are the sponsors of these athletes promoting recklessness by encouraging stars to push the limits ?
The Crash Reel may not be all fun and games , but it is necessary viewing for any snowboarding enthusiasts who brazenly put their lives on the line .
Walker 's strategy yields drama on par with a scripted thriller ... But what 's missing , I think , is a moral sense .
Amidst all the trauma that had me crying more than once throughout the film ... I was amazed by the incredible feats performed by the athletes .
Even as one participant notes cynically that the crowds come for the crashes , it 's apparent that this is not the purpose of the footage in the film . The larger story is too tragic for that .
The tale of a modern-day Icarus . His wings did n't melt , but his brain cracked . He lived , but he learned to question the trip .
Much more than a sports film , Lucy Walker 's Oscar-shortlisted The Crash Reel is a thrilling , inspiring , yet cautionary tale about extreme sports that never trades on sentiment .
Director Lucy Walker 's chronicle of how Pearce , his family and his friends grapple with their altered reality results in one of the year 's best documentaries .
While there is an actual `` crash reel '' in the film , the title speaks more to Pearce 's interminable sense of reeling .
The Crash Reel is an insightful and deeply affecting look at the hazardous world of extreme sports , through the lens of ill-fated snowboarder Kevin Pearce .
With its high-energy music and graffiti-style graphics , The Crash Reel plays like the slick promos NBC uses to repackage every Olympian 's story into a pat narrative .
The Crash Reel movingly captures the athlete 's difficult acceptance of the fact that he can no longer practice the sport that made him a world champion .
The sense of praying for a professional athlete to please , please not mount a comeback is what makes The Crash Reel so terrifying and so compulsively watchable .
The Crash Reel is too smart a film to present any easy answers , but while Walker is careful to record the prices paid by Pearce ... she does n't pretend not to understand the impulse to push everything to the edge .
The Crash Reel is an intelligent , exciting and compassionate film ... and Kevin Pearce a remarkable personality .
It compellingly captures a family wrestling mightily with the riddles and contradictions of a culture that promotes achievement at all costs with little thought as to what that actually means .
With no miraculous recovery to fall back on , the story simply has nowhere to go . And that 's precisely the point .
As thrilling as Rush , but with a very different kind of happy ending .
The charm of director Lucy Walker 's creation is she allows the sport that elevated Pearce to take the audience on a ride too .
An inspiring and compelling documentary about the risks of extreme sports with a focus on snowboarder Kevin Pearce .
The film captures the horror and danger and the druggy thrill . We understand why these kids want their `` highs '' even when the cost of coming low can be fatal .
Operating on several levels , this engaging documentary holds our attention with eye-opening information and pulse-quickening action , but what makes it unmissable is its emotional kick .
Assembled from a plethora of visual sources , including the title footage , this impressively edited and dynamically scored film successfully combines visceral bursts of action with intimately observed sequences ...
Lucy Walker has assembled one of the great sporting docs - partly because its scope extends beyond the slopes .
The questions are compelling .
In its picture of the family constellation lies all of the film 's strength , all testimony to its ambition , its capacity to fascinate with a revelation , an unexpected digression from the drama 's main focus .
Walker captures a seesaw exhilaration between the thrill of pushing one 's limits and the pain of dreams cut short .
Dangerous sports smacks up against towering ambition in this sensationally accomplished documentary to ask a universal question : How far do you go in order to be who you were born to be ?
The Crash Reel is an atypical sports movie . It 's about placing your ambition on the back burner , about winning through giving up .
Walker pulls off a spectacular feat ... balancing the needs of extreme sports vid and cautionary tale .
This compassionate account of the thrills and risks of extreme sports makes it required viewing for both aspirants and enthusiasts .

@highlight

Smart , compassionate , and moving , The Crash Reel uses the familiar sport-doc formula to subvert expectations and ask challenging questions about ambition and achievement .