Admittedly it 's pantomime at times , but it 's saved by some laugh-out-loud acerbic humour that the Chinese do so well ... The Mermaid is worth a look .
The Mermaid is brilliant madness made reel and proof that Chow has not lost a step .
Lives in a place of friendly absurdity .
It 's funny , it 's frenetic , it 's filled with over-the-top violence and it 's occasionally just plain twisted .
Chow habitués will be primed for hyperbolic acting , ludicrous wirework , ugly CGI and outlandish action sequences . Rest assured , those points will be satisfied .
Chow cares mostly about Liu and Shan 's love story - how their spiritual lives transcend their class differences . Yet , Chow balances romantic concerns with the sociological message . Most American films today ... work backwards .
Demonstrates Chow 's innate understanding of the physics of humor better than anything he 's made since perhaps 2001 's Shaolin Soccer .
It offers a visual reprieve from the cumbersomely mechanized aesthetic of so much contemporary fantasy .
Despite the save - the-earth memo , this is very much a Stephen Chow-directed work and that means ludicrous situations and nonsensical jokes .
Chow sat in the director 's chair but does n't star in the film ... yet we have here all of Chow 's comedic trademarks : the downright silliness , the outrageous humour bordering on juvenilia , the long digressions , even the dubious treatment of women .
Mermaid is a solid dramedy with heart and , more importantly , a message .
One of the loopiest movies ever made , managing to be borderline unwatchable and weirdly enchanting .
A wacky fantasy lark , half screwball comedy , half Looney Tunes . Chinese audiences have thrown half a billion dollars at it . Prepare for Hollywood imitators .
The Mermaid is ridiculous , but it has something to say which is the best kind of ridiculous . We should stop brutal whaling practices , but look at it as a mermaid comedy .
Splash meets The Cove in this genuinely strange and ceaselessly entertaining box-office smash from China .
The Mermaid is great visual comedy , an absurdist , ecological nightmare who boasts as much empathy as it does hilarity from the story .
You 've already seen most of what Chow and his seven -LRB- ! -RRB- co-screenwriters have crafted , and you 've usually seen it with greater coherence and more impressive CGI .
In The Mermaid , Chow never forgets that the camera is the funniest tool at his disposal , and the only one that speaks in a language that everyone can understand .
I had a really good time .
The Mermaid is not Chow at his absolute peak ... Still , it 's probably the most accomplished blockbuster which the global entertainment industry has given us since Mad Max : Fury Road .
Brisk , enjoyable child 's play .
Chow 's comedic sensibility works like a pinball machine , characters ricocheting off each other at top velocity to gain momentum for the next joke .
Chow and his army of writers -LRB- seriously , it took nine people to write this -RRB- get terrific support from a strong cast of regulars and newcomers who really sell the story , cheesy special effects aside .
Like an ecological Lust , Caution , this contempo fairy tale about a mermaid who falls for the evil developer she 's been sent to seduce and assassinate is strikingly relevant to China
Though it is never explained why a half-man half-octopus is in cahoots with a community of mermaids , the notion fits perfectly within Chow 's skewed fantasy world .
Crass and macabre , yet big-hearted , it makes a wonderfully adult bedtime story .
Not the type of film whose tonal shifts are a problem . The romance never ruins the comedy , and Stephen Chow never lets things get too earthbound .
The Mermaid is the weirdest , hokiest and , at its best , funniest big-budget comedy since Stephen Chow 's last film , Journey to the West .
It 's amazing how distinctive and strange Mermaid manages to be , especially given the highly derivative concept - how personal it feels , amid all the absurdist , go-for-broke humor . It deserves to be seen .
It does n't matter if you do n't like subtitles . It does n't matter if you 've never heard of the director . It does n't matter if you 've never seen a Chinese movie in your life . It will make you laugh . Guaranteed .
Chow and his actors present a full-force farce . Sure , some jokes fall flat , but the sheer magnitude of ridiculousness has you forgetting about that soon afterwards .
`` The Mermaid '' is no ordinary fantastical rom-com ... encompassing as it does weaponized sea urchins , incredibly delicious roasted chickens , man-octopus self-mutilation and other comic oddities .

@highlight

The Mermaid requires a willingness to embrace the strange , but backs up its wacky flights of fancy with a big-hearted fairy tale and a resonant message .