After years of being playfully assaulted by Six , this time he 's delivered something that 's 100 % boring .
You can call Six sick and twisted , but his films form a savvy horror trilogy that provocatively comments on the genre .
The most depressing thing about this feckless , ugly , and pointless film is how edgy and insightful it aims to be .
It 's a super-sweaty , wannabe-deranged epic that must be seen to be believed , and finally brings the series to a supposed end -LRB- or , perhaps , puts it out of its misery -RRB- .
Watching it is as appealing as being force-fed warm diarrhoea .
Six wants us to be horrified by the content of his movie , but it 's the form that 's more likely to provoke haemorrhage-inducing face palms .
It 's supposed to be upsetting , and it is , but that does n't make it any more watchable .
No target is safe and no shock too extreme in the mind-boggling climax to director Tom Six 's contentious trilogy .
Scenarios served up in the name of entertainment include castration , boiling-waterboarding and rape . Ultimately , the reason this film is unwatchable is the shouty , spitty overacting from Dieter Laser .
Queasy though it is to admit it , there is something compelling about its extreme horror .
An abomination .
It pulls itself together a bit for the last act , and delivers what anybody renting , streaming or buying something called The Human Centipede 3 would want to see .
In the final film of Tom Six 's self-consciously sick horror-comedy series , the concept of the `` human centipede '' - easily the most original and repulsive in modern horror - is merrily taken to its logical conclusion .
-LSB- A -RSB- juvenile and , apparently , intentionally crappy final outing that has nothing insightful to add to an already overstretched idea .
Like it or not , Six has contributed something fresh and demented to pop culture .
The Human Centipede saga comes to a disastrous and interminable close with this shockingly inept entry ...
Viewing an improvement on his own experiment , Six playing Six groans , ` Oh , man , this is so wrong ! ' then barfs . Pretty cheeky , no ? The torture porn maestro has built in his own seal of approval .
The most annoyingly in-your-face horror flick of the year thus far .
Affecting in its own right , but this time there is a smarmy , self-deprecating tone to wade through and even a faint scent of desperation in the air .
I have a terrible suspicion that filmmaker Tom Six would be delighted to learn that someone in the real world had tried to create a human centipede .
The Human Centipede 3 is n't offensive because it 's shocking - it 's offensive because it 's boring .
I suppose it 's the best of the trilogy , with humor attempted instead of unintentionally discovered . Or perhaps it 's the first installment that does n't require an immediate Silkwood shower after viewing .
About halfway through the film , I realized I would be way more interested in a film about the making of Human Centipede 3 than I was in Human Centipede 3 . But I do n't want to give Six any ideas .
This is nothing more than a failed experimental attempt at making an exploitation film .
Perhaps even more egregious than its inherently repulsive premise is the fact that The Human Centipede 3 : The Final Sequence is cinematically constipated ... nothing happens for a long , long time ; and when it does , it 's just crap .
You get what you pay for with this last sequel : a cynical , and consistently unpleasant film with creators who try very , very hard to push as many of your buttons as they can .
If he has accomplished nothing else-and Lord knows , he has n't - Dutch filmmaker Tom Six has managed to give political incorrectness a bad name .
Because what Shawshank Redemption really needed was more human centipeding .
So much effort ; so little entertainment .
If you hate movies , and you find sexual assault funny , `` The Human Centipede III : Final Sequence '' should meet your needs .
If you survive this experience you will be scarred , and unlike the first two disturbing but effectively horrific films in this series , it wo n't even feel like a personal achievement .
Easily the front-runner for the year 's most inept and revolting movie ...
The Human Centipede III -LRB- Final Sequence -RRB- ignores Six 's biggest human centipede to date so that a racist , womanizing , stark-raving lunatic can launch into verbal tirades that mistake immaturity and hatespeak for `` exploitation . ''
The direction is bad , the acting is worse , and it 's lit to mimic the soap-opera effect on a poorly calibrated HDTV .
The dullest entry in an atrocious trilogy .
The winking Tom Six , who cameos as himself , knows exactly what kind of movie he 's made .
The third film exists primarily as a glib , referential monument to the whole stupid enterprise .
Rarely has the word `` final '' been so welcome in a title as it is in `` The Human Centipede III -LRB- Final Sequence -RRB- . ''
Rocking a cowboy hat while rattling off all manner of racist , sexist epithets , -LSB- Dieter Laser -RSB- 's antihero engages in more traditional , and therefore more boring , transgressions than the one in the title .
A descent into a dank , rank hole of meta depravity -LRB- and doo-doo -RRB- , The Human Centipede 3 -LRB- Final Sequence -RRB- follows in its 2011 predecessor 's footsteps by turning inward on itself .
No one should be forced to endure such garbage-not Six 's actors or his crew and certainly not moviegoers -LRB- or even critics , for that matter -RRB- .
But you 'll feel bad for liking it , and you probably should .
The thing that wrecks `` The Human Centipede III '' is n't how the film is disgustingly , degradingly unclean ; instead , Six 's work is ruined by how his film is desperately , depressingly unclever .
Tom Six has achieved the seemingly impossible : He 's made a film even less watchable than The Human Centipede II .

@highlight

Human Centipede fans may find enough extreme body horror in the third installment to satisfy , but filmgoers of every other persuasion are strongly advised to stay far , far away from Final Sequence .