With Ginger & Rosa , Potter once again documents the usually lonely road a woman takes in finding out who she really is , this time showing it from the perspective of someone who is n't even a woman yet .
You wo n't find many movies about teenage girls more perceptive than Ginger & Rosa by the English filmmaker Sally Potter .
After a career defined by cinematic experimentation , director Sally Potter trades affectation and stylistic experimentation for not-so-simple intimacy and empathy , helped of course by rich performances from her cast , young and not-so-young .
Anchored by a brilliant performance from young Elle Fanning , who renders the usual teen angst and disillusionment as something both deeply felt and oddly mysterious . The kid is a natural .
Ginger and Rosa is a small flick that reminds audiences how exciting it is to see raw and sincere performances despite what kind of package they 're delivered in
Fanning 's illuminating , naturalistic performance ... is the best reason to see the movie
Much of the night work , especially candlelit , puts `` Ginger & Rosa '' in the fashion of a memory piece rather than an objective history.But , as in all of Potter 's work , it is an estimable and lush solution to the most minimal of budgets .
As good as the movie is performance-wise , -LSB- director Sally -RSB- Potter allows the pacing to drag frequently , meaning viewers must be patient with Ginger & Rosa .
The complexity of the characters and the simplicity of the story balance out to a rewarding coming-of-age drama for adults .
With a rich sense of lived experience , Potter first portrays the blithe excitement and sense of joyful conspiracy shared by the two friends .
... probably Potter 's most accessible movie to date , but the script is perhaps nothing special ...
Nuclear anxiety becomes a distraction from teenage pressures and a projection of potentially explosive emotional distress in this beautifully acted character drama .
The gifted Elle Fanning turns in an extraordinary performance , although Sally Potter 's film is otherwise built on a flimsy , soap-opera story .
Assured but bleak art-house girl 's coming-of-age film that combines politics and personal matters .
Despite some narrative missteps , Ginger & Rosa should be seen simply for Fanning 's exceptional performance , the sort of revelatory turn that makes us feel as if the next generation of film is in capable hands .
Fanning -- a startlingly alert and microemotive young actress -- breathes real feeling into the part , while the jazz soundtrack -LRB- John Coltrane , Thelonious Monk , Sidney Bechet -RRB- rouses this sensitive film from its drowsier inclinations .
Fanning heartbreakingly expresses hurt with seemingly with every fiber of her being . Her family implodes as much as the world seems about to during those 13 days in October .
Fanning brings such a groundedness and authenticity to the film 's central role that you stick with her every step of the way .
`` Ginger & Rosa '' is another one of those films that feels like it 's attempting to cover too much , and by doing so , ends up spreading itself rather thin across all of the areas it tries to encompass .
Even seemingly ordinary scenes of girlfriends bonding - ironing hair , wearing jeans in the bathtub to shrink them , hitchhiking - are fraught with the sense of the external forces that will divide them .
The great gift of Ginger & Rosa is Potter 's willingness to let her camera observe these gifted young actresses without judgment , and to create the illusion of ordinary life unfolding before your eyes .
Potter 's take on the '60s occasionally slides into Big Chill cliché , but with her actors , she 's on virgin ground .
Without turning sentimental or heavy-handed , Potter strikes a nice balance between the more intimate character moments and the broader political context , and Fanning is terrific as the girl caught in the middle .
Ginger 's teen angst could have easily become mopey or self-righteous , but Fanning stays true to the heart of her character even as her world is crumbling around her .
Coming from anyone else , Ginger & Rosa would be a sensitive if predictable coming-of-age tale set in the mists of the distant past . But coming from writer-director Sally Potter , it 's a major surprise .
A near-flawless film , beautifully shot and cut , excitingly performed and deeply felt .
Fanning is nearly perfect as Ginger navigates choppier waters than most teens have to . There is not a false note in her performance ; no matter how melodramatic things become , everything about Ginger remains genuine .
Elle Fanning is scary . Scarily good .
In all respects , this is the completely captivating Fanning 's picture .
It 's not an easy voyage , but it is memorable thanks to the careful work of the outstanding ensemble cast and the nuanced presence of Fanning as the confused , but creatively gifted Ginger .
Though Potter 's metaphor of global catastrophe mirroring a personal crisis is heavy-handed , a rich cast of characters , which includes Annette Bening and Oliver Platt as doting family friends , provides some balance .
Potter has a rich compositional eye , but she wisely trims the fat from the dialogue , which dances around most of the melodrama until an explosive last act .
As played by Elle Fanning , who can be either achingly vulnerable or frighteningly fierce when the role calls for it , Ginger is a fascinatingly mercurial character .
A tender , impressionistic coming-of-age tale set against the backdrop of the Cold War in Great Britain , Ginger & Rosa is a colored pencil sketch of a movie distinguished by its acting .
The details and performances make this overly nostalgic and melodramatic coming-of-age picture watchable
Fanning sparks complex coming-of-age story
What hurt , nuanced terror and exhilaration there is in Sally Potter 's beautiful coming-of-age drama Ginger & Rosa .
Fanning and Englert are ethereal , and their performances are full of bravado and risk-taking .
A taut film about intertwined lives that could happen just about anywhere .
Like Terence Davies 's work , this is less about storytelling than immersing viewers in the minute details of an era -- what one of the film 's characters describes as `` the poetry of confinement . ''
There is tremendous maturity in her performance ... and Fanning is destined for good things .
There are moments of striking visual beauty and dramatic intensity ... but ... as a whole is a disappointment .
The film may be called `` Ginger & Rosa , '' but the movie 's all Elle Fanning 's ...
Fanning , so ethereal yet fragile in `` Somewhere '' and so instinctive in `` Super 8 , '' was actually younger than her character while filming this , but she brings so much combined innocence and authority to the role , it 's never noticeable .
In Potter 's assured , caring hands , `` the personal is political '' assumes newfound breadth , depth and surprising emotional poignancy .
Whether it 's memoir or personalized fiction , Ginger & Rosa displays a shrewd understanding of late adolescence-a time when every emotional slight lands like an atom bomb .
Sally Potter 's twin interests - in grand world movements and in the grand internal movements in people lives - are effectively brought to bear in `` Ginger & Rosa , '' her best film of the decade .
Elle 's acting feels artless and naive , and all the more powerful for it . Fanning easily convinces you of Ginger 's emotional reality - that every moment is the only moment .
You sense that this pale , growing-up-too-fast girl at its center will one day be a poet ; finding words to convey what she ca n't yet say .
Ms. Fanning , veteran of several domestic dramas , captures the rapture of the wonder years with ease .
The film 's tone is wonderfully maintained by Dakota Fanning 's younger sister Elle as Ginger , convincingly playing 17 at the age of 13 .
Two-thirds of a good movie .
Few other films have depicted so acutely the crushing disillusionment and infinite hope of growing up .
Coming-of-age drama examines teenage anxieties .
`` Ginger and Rosa '' is the filmmaker 's most accessible and technically surefooted work to date .
... a fascinating , burning indictment of existentialist thought in the '60s , highlighted by Alice Englert 's unique , steamy sexuality .
Packs an impressive amount of personal and political history into a wispy 90 minutes of screen time .
Alice Englert gives the standout performance as one of the titular characters in this perhaps too-smart-for-its-own-good study of troubled adolescence .
There 's not a bad performance in the bunch .
Mostly , Sally Potter gets out of the way and lets Elle Fanning do her work . The faith is rewarded . She 's just 14 , but Dakota 's younger sister is our next great actress .
Do n't damn it with faint praise by calling it Potter 's most `` accessible '' film . Simply call it what it is : One of her best , and perhaps her most deeply felt .
There is a beautiful film here , with a rich understanding of the apocalyptic concerns of adolescence , but it 's only visible in pieces .
... it 's the way that Fanning and Englert animate their characters that makes the movie special .
Fanning displays a dazzling naturalness on camera , an ability to move persuasively between any number of emotions , from hesitant to sassy to distraught to anything else you can name .
Ms. Potter puts her heroines in a succession of interesting-and handsomely photographed-situations in which they define themselves by talking about what they 're up to , rather than by taking urgent action .
Ms. Englert is as adept at blurring Rosa 's feelings as Ms. Fanning is at clarifying Ginger 's . Between them they illuminate an intimate , volatile cosmos .
An intriguingly complex portrait of both of its characters and of the time of flux they live in .
This is a movie about a young woman figuring out what her identity should be , set against a time of dramatic change .
Teenagers do horrible things to each other in the name of their `` ideals . '' But adults do too , which is so much worse .
Emotional and real , even when it takes a few soap opera detours , always returning to a place of scrambled teen introspection that 's engaging and , in many ways , relatable .
`` Ginger & Rosa '' tells its story through a series of understated , deeply evocative scenes . This is a modest , well-observed film .
-LSB- Potter -RSB- here forgoes her earlier unconventional predilections for a simple , direct narrative .
It 's not quite enough for a film , but it is for one magnificent scene .
Beautiful , dark and moving , unsparing but told with a sympathetic eye , Ginger & Rosa is sometimes relentless in its examination of emotional pain , and as such may be a challenging picture for some audiences .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Writer/director Sally Potter 's tantalizing `` Ginger & Rosa '' is a socially complex coming-of-age movie with teeth .
Elle Fanning is so good that she is on her way to becoming the next Tilda Swinton -- the title character of Sally Potter 's great film ` Orlando . '
Potter seems at a loss to communicate the ideas behind her agonizingly elliptical picture , leaving auds to marvel at the gorgeous cinematography and scarlet-red hair of its heroine , earnestly played by Elle Fanning in a project undeserving of her talents .
Elle Fanning mesmerizes as a burgeoning teen radical in 1962 London .
A sensitive coming-of-age story , notable primarily because of Elle Fanning 's incandescent performance .
It 's quietly brutal stuff , beautifully acted by Fanning , Englert , Christina Hendricks and a word-twisting Alessandro Nivola .
Elle Fanning gives it her all , but is deserving of a better showcase than `` Ginger & Rosa '' offers her .
... not only packs a punch but made me actively want to punch the movie 's most despicable character
One of the few heartwarming period touches is a deep-yellow egg yolk .
Fantastic performances , especially from the young stars , make up for moments of artificiality . Fans of the Beat-era will delight .
Feels like Potter had a more abstract movie in mind , but tried to package it for a more general audience .
A big disappointment .
An extraordinary cast lifts this grim British drama into something watchable , even if the script ultimately gives up trying to make any sense .
This is full of fine performances - Fanning 's particularly.It 's a film that requires commitment , but ultimately rewards your patience .
Potter 's usual fluency and originality is absent . Who , looking at this , would have thought she made Orlando or The Tango Lesson ?
The changing role of women is also an underlying theme in a many-layered but otherwise simply told story .
A fond celebration of a female friendship shaped by the threat of global annihilation and the first stirrings of the Swinging Sixties .
You 'll be expecting a much better film than the one on offer .
A lovely , open performance from 14-year-old Elle Fanning , playing a troubled British teenager at the time of the October missile crisis in 1962 , lifts this movie from Sally Potter .
An instance of the bland leading the bland : an anaemic rumba through the mazes of Memory Lane .
Potter writes well about the potential of idealism to turn selfish , as a justification for betraying personal ties in the name of a wider philosophy .
Beautifully shot and superbly acted , this is an engaging and evocative coming-of-age drama ...
For a story of illicit lovers , wronged women and anxious protest , Ginger & Rosa lacks one rather important ingredient : passion .
This is n't so much slow burn as gradual petrification .
Despite some strong moments , Ginger and Rosa fails to really convince .
The only thing this film likes more than the sound of its own voice is the sound of the talented actors speaking it .
Ginger is the audience 's entry into this period of adjustment and adaptation for once-imperial nations , for threatened humankind , and for girls emerging into adulthood .
Sally Potter packs so much detail and thematic heft into 90-minute films that , given her elliptical and often unemphatic presentation , feel tantalizing but never overstuffed .
The emotions feel bracingly real , due in no small part to the tone set by Fanning 's committed performance .
A very special coming-of-age drama with an incredible performance by Elle Fanning as a teenager who undergoes a spiritual emergency .
It 's let down by some earnest , patience-draining philosophising and poetry-reading .
Director Sally Potter shrewdly weaves the domestic drama ...
Potter proves as good on the wonky logic of parents as she does on the self-righteousness of youth .


@highlight

Elle Fanning gives a terrific performance in this powerful coming-of-age tale about a pair of teenage girls whose friendship is unnerved by the threat of nuclear war .