It 's all frothy and silly , but Selena Gomez and her co-stars are sweet and appealing and are sure to win over the film 's target audience .
More gum-popping than jaw-dropping , it 's the kind of light entertainment that Elvis used to make .
So corny that a cereal company could have sponsored it ...
Short on wit and invention , the film comes over as Texas 's answer to Woody Allen 's Midnight in Paris .
Harmless enough to a point ... but the idea that girls should aspire to little more than acquiring a boyfriend , a home or a brand-new pair of Blahniks will be desperately depressing for any parents dragged along .
Mature viewers will appreciate the rare lack of bad language in what for them will be a reminder of screwball comedies past .
A dull fantasy-farce of luxe hotel suites , hot guys and product-placement jewellery , a pretty unappetising mix that the film tries to justify at the end with some blather about Romanian orphanages .
A comprehensive waste of time and money .
Meester especially is a lot better than this .
A corny grown-up 's vision of teenage wish-fulfilment , like a sexless Sex And The City 2 .
-LSB- A -RSB- good-natured but insipid vehicle for tween star Selena Gomez ...
Clichéd and glitzy , it throws its lots in entirely with the romantic ideal of love and Monaco , but has a bubbling spirit and Meester drives a scooter in Grecian sandals impeccably .
Gomez , looking every bit the child bride , keeps strutting her actressy ambitions like a pushy diva hogging the dress-up-box .
Trashily enjoyable thanks to some expertly assembled clichés , an assortment of picturesque locations and likeable chemistry between the three leads .
This is a film that knows what its teen audience wants - and gives it to it in spades .
Sluggish , witless and desperately twee .
Glossy entertainment for tweens . Avoid if you 're over 14 .
Ridiculously contrived , superficial throughout and too sugary , ` Monte Carlo ' is still too innocent and convivial to cast too many aspersions on .
Teen girls who want a vicarious overseas jaunt are advised to follow Emma 's lead in one scene of Monte Carlo and watch To Catch a Thief instead .
The film 's tween-age target demographic will be perfectly content with what they see here .
Performances are generally twee , there 's not a believable moment in the film -- it 's like we 're watching children dress up in adult clothes , and that 's pretty much how they act .
Its excess of spun sugar presents a distinct health hazard .
It 's a harmless yarn that 's as buttery as popcorn and as sweet as a choc top . And who does n't like a trip to the candy bar via Europe ?
The locations make for enjoyable viewing , but disappointingly this bland teenage drama never transcends its formulaic approach .
If ever there was a setting suited to a Cinderella story , it is Monte Carlo and this feel-good chick-flick about decadence , dreams and romance will have every young girl ready to jump on a plane , hoping to live the fairytale
A winsome cast , a great location , and keeping the target audience in view bring an entertaining story that manages to have both a conscience and a heart .
funny in places and while the plot is a rather formulaic take on The Prince and The Pauper , harismatic stars and a brisk pace make the more melodramatic moments forgivable .
... rarely as much fun -LRB- or as entertaining -RRB- as its premise might 've led one to expect .
Writer/director Bezucha inefficiently draws out this first act . In the process , he encourages expectations of a more earnest , grounded-in-reality picture than the one Monte Carlo morphs into when it hard-turns into mistaken-identity whimsy .
I probably should n't admit this , but I was just fine with the mistaken identity tween girl fantasy coming of age drama Monte Carlo .
Ultimately , it 's not hateful or anti-girl and if you happen to be 10 years old and female then you 're probably going to love it .
There is n't much for adults in this at all , but Leighton Meester at least keeps things snappy for anyone trying to enjoy this on an ironic level .
... the movie does have its little pleasures , in an adolescent high-school-drama-club sort of way ...
More than a bit silly and contrived , but so agreeably cast and well executed as to certainly mitigate these shortcomings for its core audience , who 'll lap up the improbably romantic adventure .
Features Selena Gomez in two roles , which is awkward because she only has one and a half expressions .
Frothy , corny , adolescent wish-fulfillment fantasy
I 'm shocked , but this movie respects its audience more than ` Larry Crowne ' or ` Transformers 3 '
A throwback to escapist rom com fare in the sixties . Totally unrealistic but still fun for the `` tween '' set .
The movie sputs out like fizzled fireworks in the Monte Carlo night .
`` Monte Carlo '' fails even as the cheesy teen-girl romantic pap its creators set out to achieve .
The scenery is pretty , the actresses work hard and it all goes by fairly quickly , if unmemorably .
... directed with benign indifference by Thomas Bezucha , whose main achievement seems to be taking the lens cap off before takes .
Bezucha directs the agreeable cast with a deft touch capturing the spirit of the old screwball comedies .
Director Thomas Bezucha lingers too long on side plots and does n't give the film emotional resonance .
Meanwhile , those keen to see a rags to riches story in which a young actress grow ups right before your eyes in a career transition movie may rent The Princess Diaries .
Several times I was tempted to run out of the theater and to the edge of the fourth story balcony of the mall the theater is located in and throw myself off .
After Selena Gomez 's auspicious big-screen debut in Ramona and Beezus , Monte Carlo feels like two steps back for the Wizards of Waverly Place star .
The movie hits a surprising range of emotional grace notes , including several moments of genuine regret , and concludes with an understated moral lesson about the value of self-respect over social status ,
a zany mistaken-identity comedy modeled after the amateurish body-swapping comedies of the 1980s
Even within the manipulative Princess-for-a-Day genre , Disney Channel product Selena Gomez 's Monte Carlo is a chintzy knockoff .
Silly but sweet travel comedy says to be true to yourself .
Director and co-writer Thomas Bezucha shows no particular flair for either of his jobs . But kids are unlikely to focus on the terrible editing , flat visuals , or lack of character development .
` Monte Carlo ' is a trip .
Glossy and flossy , more like cotton candy than a delicious soufflé , this romantic comedy should delight tween girls .
This is going to be the price some boys may have to pay for dragging their girlfriends to the Transformers movie .
Despite its soul-searching pretensions , the movie hinges on what is essentially a con -- one bereft of tension and so sanitized for young female viewers that little room is left for temptation or humour or good old-fashioned summer shenanigans .
The luxurious Côte d'Azur town has never seemed so dull .
I actually found it to be a decent attempt to give young girls a fun , little fantasy as the boys their age are off watching giant robots pound on each other . But I ca n't recommend it to anyone else . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
`` Monte Carlo '' gambles that setting a bland screenplay in one of the world 's most glamorous places will jazz up the movie . It loses that bet .
The movie could have benefitted from shaving about 20 minutes off . There 's no need to prolong the inevitable .
For a movie called `` Monte Carlo , '' this one keeps the stakes pretty low .
As a tween dream spin on Roman Holiday by way of Twelfth Night , it does its job quite nicely .
It provides young girls with some harmless wish-fulfillment without talking down to them , an increasingly rare quality in movies aimed at young people .
Happiness in Monte Carlo is just a scream , a whistle , or a dimmer switch away .
`` Do n't mess with Texas ! '' Emma snarls at the captive Cordelia , the girl tied to a chair with an apple lodged in her mouth . Yes , it 's as unclean and creepily disconcerting as it sounds .
Selena fans will be pleased that she 's just as spunky as ever . Parents will not be bored ... at least too much .
Monte Carlo is all about déjà vu , cobbling together elements from so many other sources it feels like movie stew .
A frothy , innocuous smorgasbord of girlhood wish fulfillment that scores a direct hit with its target demo .
A less-than-bubbly teen comic romp aimed at little princesses .
It 's unpleasant where it should be pleasant , convoluted where it should be streamlined , anxiety provoking where it should be easy , and long , long , long - at least 20 minutes longer than it has a right to be .
It does n't take much more to enchant the target audience than seeing the girls in their party dresses coming down the steps in slow motion on the way to the ball .
An empty-headed trifle that 's the cinematic equivalent of an advertising spread in a glossy teen magazine .
It 's all very silly and contrived , but it 's also airy and agreeably laid-back , not unlike a decent vacation .
Disguises , deceptions -- you could call the narrative of `` Monte Carlo '' Shakespearean , but I prefer to consider Shakespeare 's romantic comedies as `` Selena Gomez-esque . ''
None of this makes much sense - except for the clear message that Europe is more fun if you 're rich - but it does n't really need to .
Its Noah 's - Ark-like coupling aside , the movie is at times awkwardly charming and generally innocuous : the stepsister is n't the baddie , and female friendship is n't an impediment to a happily ever after .
For girls of a certain age -LRB- and their mothers -RRB- , Monte Carlo hits the sweet spot .
The movie has its heart in the right place , but it does n't have much personality .
Next to all this totally awesome glitz , it 's `` be happy with who you are '' philosophy is as convincing as Selena Gomez 's British English .
Were I a certain 12-year-old girl , `` Monte Carlo '' would be a giant frosted pastry , even if that pastry tastes suspiciously like Gomez 's 2009 Disney Channel Original Movie , `` Princess Protection Program . ''
As in Country Strong , Meester 's crack timing and irresistible poignancy illuminate a part that would leave other actresses simpering themselves off the screen .
Shenanigans masquerading as fun .
A silly and inconsequential drama about three girls on a trip .
It all gets sappy and do-goody and the premise never holds water in the first place .
But it 's Gomez , on the poster in a ball gown and cowboy boots , who will lure the audience into the theaters . And she is ... fine .
Meester and Cassidy provide solid sidekicks , though that perhaps sells them short : They ultimately carry the movie . All of their storylines lead to self-discovery and sappiness .
Solidly acted and sturdily constructed , the picture offers a mellow display of wish fulfillment , more interested in the inspection of feelings than distributing vapid monkey business .
Selena Gomez may have shot to stardom as a bratty wiseass on Wizards of Waverly Place , but it 's her featureless dramatic chops that best benefit Monte Carlo .
You take movies like this for what they are and for whom they 're intended . But this script , this leaden direction ensures that even as the teen wish-fulfillment fantasy , complete with young women playing dress-up , `` Monte Carlo '' fails .
The biggest of many problems with Monte Carlo is that the fantasy can not possibly be enjoyed for a second , because the deception looms so large .
It 's chirpy , it 's bright , there are pretty locations and lots happens . This is the kind of movie that can briefly hold the attention of a cat .


@highlight

Although it has its charming moments , Monte Carlo is mostly silly , predictable stuff that never pushes beyond the boundaries of formula .