... has a delightfully idiosyncratic animated aesthetic - it 's like an intermingling of Art Deco and Cubism - but the story is all odd angles
In this chase film , children 's love of pursuit , of running and jumping and hiding and seeking , transforms the City of Lights into a playground where even a mother bounds along car roofs to reach her daughter . The story , though , lags behind the animation .
This French import is a welcome -LRB- read : hand-drawn as opposed to CGI -RRB- movie that packs a lot of punch in its hour-long running time .
It 's a fun and exciting film that both kids and adults can enjoy .
A Cat in Paris is thrilling , and a thrilling example of traditional ink and paint cartooning .
Come for the film , stay for the urban-mural visuals , leave vaguely satisfied .
Twentysomething caped-crusader fans may get a warmer buzz of nostalgia here than they will at The Dark Knight Rises .
While the fluid hand-drawn animation provides a pleasant stylistic alternative to the predominance of 3D computer animation in the marketplace , the story leaves a lot to be desired .
-LSB- It -RSB- glories in striking silhouettes , a slinky '50s beat , a bright storybook palette and an entrancing brand of make-believe that grown-ups can believe in .
An animated delight , and certainly not just for kids .
Animated thriller 's action makes it best for older kids .
Imagine Disney 's The Rescuers had it been directed by Alfred Hitchcock , and you 're zeroing in on the tone of this Oscar-nominated charmer .
`` A Cat in Paris '' has a jazzy , relaxed beauty ; it 's old-school , hand-drawn animation , and you sense the fun the artists were having .
If you 're an animation buff or a lover of Paris , you wo n't be disappointed .
At a little over an hour , it 's a slight but visually charming adventure .
Like a cat nap , it gives us a brief , refreshing dream with little to remember .
`` A Cat in Paris '' has a low-key charm and pleasurably laconic visual style .
The graphic design and humor are whimsical , the color scheme deep and shadowy , and the perils facing Zoe and her police-inspector mom just shivery enough to give the story some spice .
Although `` A Cat in Paris '' is new and was nominated for this year 's animation Oscar , it already has the feel of a movie that will stand the test of time .
A Cat in Paris falters in the middle with too much farcical plot involving a clumsy , murderous gang , but it finds itself with a neat climax amidst the gargoyles atop the Notre Dame cathedral .
Directors Jean-Loup Felicioli and Alain Gagnol favor a modish visual style and a jazzy score , both of which are charming .
It 's a sweet and disquieting excursion made by filmmakers whose eyes and ears and imaginations are in marvelous sync .
A Cat in Paris is an animated delight , a hand-drawn puff pastry .
Where do cats go at night ? Animated Cat delightfully answers that eternal question for young and older audiences -LSB- in -RSB- a city of shadows enveloped in noir sounds of jazz .
Its imaginative artistry - and brevity - keep you from dwelling on the shortcomings of its story-telling .
ections of A Cat in Paris feel draggy even at the abbreviated running time of 65 minutes . But in the best parts , the crisscrossing plot strands all pause for a moment , and we just get to watch and listen to what 's going on in this stylishly imagined world .
A very under-developed French animated thriller that fails to engage our emotions .
Seems slight and unremarkable ...
There are wild chases and fever dreams , and sometimes the thieving and the thieves become a muddle . But the animation of A Cat in Paris itself is so artful , it steals the day .
A nifty little caper in which blustery gangsters , intrepid detectives , cat burglars -LRB- one of them literally feline -RRB- and a little girl named Zoé scamper across nighttime rooftops unraveling a pleasantly tangled plot .
There 's hardly a frame wasted here .
Does n't enchant .
Very atmospheric animated policier should deliver the goods for older as well as younger audiences .
The visuals of A Cat in Paris resonate in any language , and it does n't hurt that the picture features a stunning , stealthy Bernard Hermann-style orchestral score by Serge Bessett .
A barely feature-length diversion that lacks the energy to grip younger viewers or the depth to impress adults , but it earns respect with its makers ' dedication to old-school craft .
Unoriginal and mired in bad jokes .
An animated film with the cozy charm of an advertisement for Starbucks French Roast , A Cat in Paris is all design and no danger .
The old-fashioned 2D animation is a welcome change from the current 3D obsession . Charming .
A pleasantly flickering hand-made comedy-thriller in which Dino , a cat belonging to Zoë , daughter of a widowed female police superintendent , gets involved in crime .
Beautifully animated and gorgeously designed , this is a hugely enjoyable and deservedly Oscar nominated French adventure with an emotionally engaging central story , delightful characters and a terrific score .
Serge Besset 's jazzy score and some smart dialogue help things along , and the finale atop Notre Dame is quite something .
A Cat in Paris does feel a little lightweight - and , at 70 minutes , a little short - to venture unaccompanied into commercial cinemas . Still , a pleasant little trifle .
-LSB- W -RSB- hy does this children 's book of a film morph , after a delightful , beautifully observed , feline-biographical opening , into a gangster crime story ? It 's weird , is what it is .
A slight , attractive tale : a childlike fable of a little girl and her preternaturally intelligent cat that swiftly devolves into a very old-school cops and robbers yarn .
Elegantly hand-drawn in a style that is part Picasso-esque faux naivete , part noirish chiaroscuro , A Cat In Paris -LSB- has -RSB- enough action , intrigue , suspense , comedy and romance to fill a film far longer and less lean than this .
It 's dead cute and exceedingly French , with all the somewhat arbitrary plotting that implies .
Charming . We 'll be watching for what Feliciol and Gagnol deliver next .
The human faces are similarly modern-artish , though more Modigliani , and there 's a very funny yapping terrier who yaps on regardless even when winter weather reduces him to two paws sticking up through thick snow .
Some of the violence may be a little much for younger viewers but the unconventional story plus carefully considered characters make this a must .
It 's difficult to imagine the audience for this pretty but hollow film .
A charming , visually sparkling Parisian fantasy with a dark edge .
A slight story but delicately drawn with a feline , jazzy score .
A Cat in Paris , France 's recent Oscar-nominated animated feature , suffuses its story of gangsters and thieves with a playfulness as nimble as the feline after which it 's named .
This unexpected Best Animated Feature Oscar nominee is sleek , stylish animated escapade that makes vivid , affecting use of its brief running time .
It 's so wonderfully fun that I 'm now hoping it wins the award come Oscar night .
... will delight adults as well as the children who are its target audience ,
Jean-Loup Felicioni and Alain Gagnol draw inspiration from Expressionist painters to give their short but not-too-sweet animation its distinctive fluid style ... its light and shade perfectly matching the night-time skyline where much of the action is set .
Here 's an adult animation from Belgium with a sly , geometrical animation style and a story that combines the French policier with the American gangsters that originally inspired them .
A Cat in Paris is animation , yes , but the story , its many threads and mature theme is aimed squarely at the adult and older teen audience that can appreciate a stirring drama in anime form .
A charming little French animation -LRB- not suitable for very young children , -RRB- directed by Alain Gagnol and Jean-Loup Felicioli ...
A Cat in Paris is easy enough on the eyes yet never quite justifies feature-length status .

@highlight

A Cat in Paris depicts a stylish , imaginative world with a wonderful soundtrack and Hitchcockian overtones .