This cinematic dramatization is measured in tone , and Ed Helms is particularly good .
Chappaquiddick might work best as an indictment of everything from political dynasties to impropriety among elected officials to society 's short attention span , but the movie also serves up a solid character study .
The film displays so beautifully how power renders you above reproach , with Kennedy not even taking enough time to make up for causing Kopechne 's death .
A solid film that keeps you guessing on the facts , `` Chappaquiddick '' is an unbiased attempt to tell the story everyone thinks they know .
I was n't fully convinced by the lead performance of Australian Jason Clarke . There are moments where his character is so dumb but others where he is so shrewd .
Curran has filled his North Eastern insular universe with a delightful smorgasbord of mostly unfamiliar character faces , all of whom look , feel and sound like 1969 . Along with its other qualities , the film is a textbook example of good casting .
Thanks to an intriguingly nuanced performance from Australian actor Jason Clarke , Chappaquiddick does more than simply rehash why Kennedy was never able to leave the incident behind .
A deftly executed examination of the man at the centre of the scandal and the psychological scars that come from being a Kennedy scion . In this , Clarke does a wonderful job at conveying the conflict brewing inside Ted .
This powerful tale of galling entitlement and ruthless insensitivity is filtered through an impressive performance by Clarke , who finds in Kennedy the pathological combination of a man stunned by what he has done , yet stirred by what he must do .
Successfully -LSB- shows -RSB- the awful lengths individuals and the ruling class will go to in order to preserve power ...
Chappaquiddick is a powerful cautionary tale , and a reminder that people will forgive and forget anything if the surrounding news cycle is loud enough .
Chappaquiddick does n't have the flourish or poetry of Pablo Larraín 's Jackie , but there is a clear-eyed rigour and commitment within this film that makes it all too easy to forget this is still a work of imagination and supposition .
Coming out in a time of US President 's facing allegations of criminal behaviour and the rise of the #MeToo movement , Chappaquiddick is a fascinating look at an under-examined , key moment in American history .
The film seems to me a fair-minded stab at the truth and an irresistible look at the exercise of dynastic influence .
Chappaquiddick is the best film to date directed by John Curran .
A fascinating insight into a torrid political scandal , John Curran 's -LRB- Praise , Tracks -RRB- meticulously made drama , Chappaquiddick is rollercoaster ride involving truth and its manipulation .
It 's an appropriately bleak movie that effectively rips the gauze from the Kennedy story by covering one of its darkest chapters in unsparing , procedural detail .
a slow-burn depiction of an imminent collision course between political power and personal responsibility
... feels like a well-researched school project in which the speculation outweighs the persuasion .
In the end Chappaquiddick will have to pass the same test as Kennedy 's original version of the story-whether or not anyone will buy it .
If it 's just meant to be a competent bit of historical drama , it does that well enough .
The docudrama comes off as neither a hatchet job nor a whitewash , while Curran 's measured , unhurried direction infuses a feeling of authenticity .
Sober and deliberately understated , Chappaquiddick sometimes struggles to keep up the tension . But the film rests on strong performances and an evocative sense of period atmosphere .
On the Fredo of the Kennedy clan .
While it does n't get the grandest of treatment and ca n't seem to dig deeper than the obvious , Chappaquiddick does serve as a cautionary tale of what Americans have let slide in favor of celebrity and status .
Clarke makes us feel plenty of things we 'd rather not . His eyes are shadowed with profound decency one minute , and hollowed out in desperate calculation the next .
The filmmakers seem to be concerned about preserving her innocence , just as the real-life Kennedy was . It may be a bit idealistic , but it 's not a disservice .
Chappaquiddick is no hatchet job . Instead , it offers a serious meditation on the uses and abuses of power , a story that is timely in any era
A cinematic safe space for conservatives to escape the tidal wave of indictment/impeachment news they have a hard time avoiding on TV .
I question why director John Curran decided to tell this story and make this film now . I guess the term `` alternative facts '' - made popular by the current administration - explains it all .
If you 're looking for something to make you feel good about chubby , cherubic Ted , the venerable lion of the Senate , this is not your movie .
A film of integrity and disclosure , a controversial chapter in American history that substitutes clinical accuracy for Hollywood embellishment , with an impressive attention to detail and an admirable respect for suspenseful narrative .
Perhaps attractive and charismatic , but it leaves one feeling that something was missing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The 1969 Ted Kennedy scandal still resonates almost 50 years later in the first serious film treatment that is sure to be as controversial as it is compelling to watch .
Director John Curran 's Chappaquiddick is a decent Cliff 's Notes version of events , though it 's hard not see sanitization masquerading as ambiguity .
The sketches of Kennedy-family tensions and loyalties are thin and simplistic ; the action rushes by with little insight or context .
Described as a thriller , those who were around at the time may have short memories of what happened or never knew the entire story , will now have a chance to see it on the big screen
An account that one can respect for its refusal to sensationalize , but that saps the tale of much dramatic energy .
What struck me most was how cleverly the movie skewers the devious way politicians think and behave , from the shaky relationship our representatives have with facts to their carefully constructed image-building that knows no moral or ethical bounds .
... the movie remains wholly unable to capture one 's interest for virtually the entirety of its plodding , padded-out runtime ...
The usually comic Ed Helms does credible work as the moral voice in reliving a piece of sensational history that likely never will reveal the indisputable truth .
This pulpy , procedural , even methodical melodrama is infuriating , revealing how ` justice ' is very different for the rich and powerful .
This is a film about power , and how being born with the right name can be enough to reshape reality .
Introducing new generations to an infamous historical incident , this drama takes a detailed , matter-of-fact approach ; while the result is n't exactly stirring , it 's at least consistently interesting .
Chappaquiddick is heavy-handed history , a film that at times seems to owe as much to The X-Files as the many cinematic dives into the target-rich territory that is the Kennedy clan .
Chappaquiddick has the makings of a political thriller , but Curran 's decision to avoid speculation , while laudable , takes the wind out of the film 's sails .
John Curran 's film , scripted by Taylor Allen and Andrew Logan , is detailed , precise and gut-wrenching .
Jason Clarke , the Australian actor -LRB- Mudbound , Zero Dark Thirty -RRB- is a fleshy , entitled and very convincing Teddy ...
Chappaquiddick is at its best when it is underpinned by a somber orchestral score , focusing closely on the personal anguish of its protagonist .
For those who are drawn to re-creations of historical controversies that pack more gravitas and outright tragedy , Chappaquiddick could prove satisfying enough , especially with the in-vogue-again Kennedy clan at the center .
Really needs several more hours -LRB- perhaps in mini-series form -RRB- to tell the tale and cover all of the dynamics and complexities . But it 's all handled well enough across the board . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Just the facts , ma'am . That 's all you need to make Chappaquiddick the year 's most chilling movie .
There 's no need for partisan exaggeration in this story ; the undisputed facts are awful enough .
A lucid , nuanced and compelling telling of the accident and its turbulent aftermath .
You may think you know the whole story , but Curran 's feature showcases a whole other side to the facts , whilst simultaneously crafting a timely cautionary tale for today .
Chappaquiddick ... treats this version Ted with a level of understanding that belies what the movie contends he did .
This is yet another first-rate film from John Curran that should capture the attention of anyone who remembers the Ted Kennedy incident -LRB- as I do -RRB- as well as young people who want a credible slice of recent American history .
Some speculation is unavoidable in the screenplay , but what is known is damning , indeed infuriating , and seeing these events play out on screen lends them the capacity to shock us all over again .
Chappaquiddick is n't a harangue against Kennedy , but it does take a hard look at a man who was a revered stalwart of the Democratic party . The film works best as a character study , a profile of moral crisis , rather than any sort of true-crime exposé .
Chappaquiddick reminds us that without the Kennedy name and influence , the man who drove a car off a bridge , swam to shore and left a young woman to die , and then went into hiding and defense mode , should have gone to jail for a long time .
Devoid of revelations , the film instead focuses on the creation and delivery of the narrative that Kennedy used to survive this calamity ... It allows Chappaquiddick to become an example of the very thing it portrays .
Camelot , it 's not . And , as this terrific movie suggests , the American people fall for their polished BS every time .
-LSB- A -RSB- moving , infuriating portrayal of a dreadful moment in history and its shameful aftermath .
In the final analysis `` Chappaquiddick '' is the story of a weak man . Maybe someone who had deep-seated reasons for that weakness , but still a not particularly appealing individual whose actions frustrate rather than draw us in .
But small lapses , together with the confusions and glib evasions of a production that is neither fact nor fiction , raise the larger question of what the film is , and ultimately becomes .
... painstakingly unbiased , painting Kennedy as an egotistical , arrogant , selfish , blackguard who cared only for himself and his family name and whose cowardice directly caused Mary Jo 's death . Bruce Dern gives an award quality performance .
In the end , this is less a tale about politics or bad character than about creeping corruption-a kind of religion that embraces all denominations .
Not enough can be said about Clarke ... who slides seamlessly into the countenance of Teddy Kennedy , from the cagey arrogance and compassionate , somber reflectiveness to the vacant eyes of a man coming to terms with his own lethal folly .
Serves as a timely reminder that voters on either side of the aisle are susceptible to influence , especially when it 's wrapped up in male entitlement and oligarchical polish .
Chappaquiddick does n't solve the mystery , and some of its scenes are invented . But it gives a vivid sense of the people to whom history happened .
The workmanlike script by Andrew Logan and Taylor Allen sticks to mostly verifiable facts , although it is damning in what it shows without comment .
We need more movies like this : Films that revisit `` legends '' of the past and interrogate the ugly blind spots that allowed America to not see what was happening and hail as Great Men people who deserved to be remembered quite differently .
Kennedy 's shame was n't his alone . It also belonged to those who knew what he 'd done and asked him to lead them anyway .
It 's a film looking to challenge America 's gauzy perception of the country 's most famous political family , loaded with all the bleakness that task requires .
A political biopic 's most difficult target lies in the elusive circle above character assassination and below hagiography . `` Chappaquiddick '' misses that target .
Chappaquiddick succeeds in showing the dark side of the political machinery behind the Kennedys , but there has to be a way to do that and give more value to Mary Jo 's life than the Kennedys did .
Chappaquiddick is Clarke 's tour de force .
Clarke 's terrific performance ... embodies several aspects of the character , sometimes all at once .
Did Sen. Ted Kennedy -LRB- an electrifying Jason Clarke -RRB- leave a female passenger to drown when his car plunged off a bridge in 1969 ? Instead of scandal , this questing film examines the broken moral compass of a driven politician .
The ability of political power to impose narratives , says Chappaquiddick , has always been conditional on our willingness to believe them .
Whether or not events actually unfolded this way , the story the film tells is an interesting and complicated character study , with something to say about the corrosive effects of power and privilege on both the innocent and the guilty .
Rather than simply point out that the famous man did a bad thing , Clarke 's Kennedy is something more elemental , a snapshot of a failure of all the things masculinity was and to some degree is still billed as .
Director John Curran 's -LRB- `` Tracks '' -RRB- measured approach to the political scandal which derailed a second Kennedy presidency works as a treatise on the corrupting influence of power and wealth ...
John Curran creates room for his characters to think and feel and an environment that encourages us to do the same .
` Chappaquiddick ' wants to `` dramatize '' the Chappaquiddick incident without offering a take on what really happened , and it does n't quite work .
Plays out simultaneously like a political thriller , a tale of injustice , and a rewriting of a beloved public figure - and had me immediately searching Wikipedia to devour more details .
It 's up to us to decide Kennedy 's guilt . But , also , to sympathize with his shame .
John Curran 's gripping story about a 50-year-old scandal has plenty to say about modern politics .
An entertainingly brutal portrait of feckless privilege and buried tragedy , hewing reasonably close to those points we know to be true and juicily provocative about what happened in rooms you and I were n't privy to .
We 've been so awash in hackneyed Kennedy brogues and caricatured portrayals that Clarke 's performance -- stout , nuanced , understated almost to a fault -- is an unexpected relief .
Curran 's film , often enthralling and upsetting , represents a welcome break in the hagiographic treatment the longtime Lion of the Senate enjoyed in the years leading up to his 2009 death .
Ted Kennedy practically backs away from his own movie . As others take control -LRB- and Helms runs away with the film 's defining moment -RRB- , the narrative only leaves him to decide whether or not to do the right thing .
Led by Jason Clarke 's expertly shallow performance , this stodgy but effective character study is powered by its dispirited mood and dryly critical tone .
A riveting recreation of the famous accident that quashed Ted Kennedy 's presidential bid and the cover-up by his political fixers .
Do n't let it be forgot , that once there was a crash which in one brief , shameful moment brought down the curtain on a dynasty known as Camelot .
Here is a family that entrenched itself in the American imagination by campaigning on symbolism , and Chappaquiddick hits its better strides when it turns the camera on the relationship between its stars and script doctors .
First-time screenwriters Taylor Allen and Andrew Logan 's tight script sticks mostly to the well-documented facts and aftermath , and Clarke lets his Teddy live in the tricky place between sympathy and straight villain-hood .
What happened on Chappaquiddick Island is a story that 's best told as a documentary rather than a narrative feature .
Ponders a cold case indicting a former U.S. senator : why did Ted Kennedy wait nine hours before reporting that car accident ?
A challenging character study , punctuated by moments of uneasy suspense and dark humor .
... it 's like a made-for-Lifetime network melodrama and little more , despite solid performances , particularly from Jason Clarke as Kennedy and Ed Helms as cousin and `` fixer '' Joe Gargan .
Not only is Chappaquiddick a standout treatment of this story , but it 's a perfect film for these times -LRB- Living Life Fearless -RRB-
Whether a product of the script as written or of Curran 's directorial decisions , the second half of Chappaquiddick plays like comedy .
Jason Clarke nicely captures Kennedy 's confusion as his desire to do the right thing collides with the pressures placed on him by the media and his family .
An intriguing take-down of the Kennedy mythos .
The drama between Teddy and his daddy is so rich and thick it 's like watching a Greek Tragedy .
The push and pull of this movie is really between the lead character and the audience . One moment we feel compassionate : he wants to do the right thing . The next moment he 's gone down the cover-up rabbit hole and is an irredeemable swine .
-LSB- jason -RSB- Clarke does wonders with the material , adding new dimensions and layers between what hit the screen and what lingered just out of frame .
The film ultimately ends up feeling like a shaggy dog story - a metaphor for Ted Kennedy , perhaps - engaging , charismatic , but ending with a whimper .
`` Chappaquiddick '' is reminder that while Camelot had its fair share of tragedy , none of the Kennedys were angels - but we already knew that , right ?
When you consider the films about real-life politicians we usually get , Chappaquiddick is surprisingly bold even if its modest approach belies its striking statements .
This account of the late senator Ted Kennedy 's bad behaviour after his car went off the road and killed his passenger , Mary Joe Kopechne , spends way too much time trying to make us feel sorry for him .
Everything is methodical , it covers most of the bases , but passion and vitality are crucially missing from director John Curran 's treatment .
`` Chappaquiddick '' is exactly what you want it to be : a tense , scrupulous , absorbingly precise and authentic piece of history - a tabloid scandal attached to a smoke-filled-room travesty .

@highlight

Chappaquidick ca n't help leaving some of this true story 's most intriguing questions unanswered , but it 's bolstered by outstanding work from Jason Clarke in the central role .