Shane Carruth offers one of the most hypnotizing and attractive films I 've ever experienced . Beautifully filmed and told , Upstream Color defies the mind and spirit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Blending languorous visual sensuality with a driving sense of paranoid urgency , this metaphorical mix of skin-crawling body horror and Lynchian mystery boasts a compelling dream logic that offsets its huge potential for being pretentious studenty twaddle .
Upstream Color is something else : a genuine , lasting mystery .
Shane Carruth is a talent to watch in the near future .
Carruth 's film feels like a subconscious flow of fears and anxieties . But the clarity of this anxiety is bruising and stunning .
An equally frustrating and rewarding experience .
The remarkable Amy Seimetz is as central to the film as women in Krzysztof Kieslowski 's late films , like Irène Jacob in `` Three Colors : Red '' and `` The Double Life of Véronique '' or Juliette Binoche in `` Three Colors : Blue . ''
No amount of concentrated analysis can really explain the level of deep emotion that Upstream Color effortlessly evokes .
Upstream Color is a trippy and enjoyable exploration of connections both direct and indirect .
What the movie points to is worth following until you 're left with an enormous map that you spend the rest of the drive trying to refold .
It 's evocative , but beneath the stylised direction and the mesmerising soundtrack , perhaps a little cold , like a concept album without a fully formed idea to drive it .
An assured and artfully ragged mosaic of glassy nonlinearity .
Carruth 's visual approach , saved from abstraction by his own rapid , forward-leaping editing , is extremely assured . Seimetz is a fine and expressively haunted actress . I look forward to the enigmas in Carruth 's next picture .
The miracle of Upstream Color is that a film so carefully and exquisitely composed can yield so many moments of open-ended cinematic rapture .
However you watch it , it 's a movie that will mean more for you if you do n't worry about what 's happening minute-by-minute and , instead , just let your mind wander as its muted images and snippets of dreamy poetry flow .
Clearly , the film is intended as a tactile experience of poetic ideas , of modern disconnection and biophysical insecurity and existential doubt , and the clarity of these anxieties is bruising and stunning .
Carruth deserves kudos for trying to stretch the language of film , and Kris and Jeff have some interesting moments of self-discovery , but the fragments never add up to much .
Mystifyingly cryptic yet oddly hypnotic .
Iit 's a film that I 'd like to go back and look at again and give it a second go .
It 's not that it 's not intriguing , but Carruth has withheld any sense of glue or cohesion or even a clue as to what he 's getting at .
You have to work a bit harder to put the pieces together and you 're responsible for the answers , but the effort is paid back with an exhalation , a single expression on Kris ' face and the recognition of it in your own .
By abandoning the need for specific interpretation , Carruth nails the fundamental inscrutability of the universe while remaining in awe of it the whole way through .
Thematically rich , layered and hypnotic , Upstream Color is a maddeningly abstract and romantic examination of love , who we are as lovers , what our love does to one another , and how that 's connected to the nature of all things .
If the movie is a bit of a mystery , so is Carruth .
Should you see Upstream Color ? A better question may be : How many times should you see it ?
In a world where there are music stores that sell CDs of worm music , telepathically connected worm people and pigs commune on a farm and plot their revenge against a mad scientist . Well , not really , but sort of .
Intriguing and enigmatic .
More a series of obtuse moments loosely connected by the most threadbare of plots , it 's unfortunately one of those films some will praise merely because they do n't want to be left out in the cold .
Upstream Colour appears to have been made by a Terrence Malick fan injected with a David Cronenberg parasite .
Upstream Colour has the makings of a cult movie , though it 's not a cult I feel inclined to join .
The themes may be numerous and varied - concerns about drugs , surveillance , disease , alienation - but the story does have an impeccable -LRB- albeit deeply buried -RRB- logic to it .
In the best possible way it 'll get under your skin like the parasitic worms dispensed by the Thief .
Baffling , intoxicating , elegant , Shane Carruth 's long-overdue follow-up to Primer is among the year 's best .
At times the movie has a stunning George Saunders-level sci-fi blues . . . but really , it 's NYC hipster existentialism .
Too-clever filmmaker Shane Carruth ` sfascinating 2004 time-travel thriller Primer was confusing enough , but he goes a step further with this utterly impenetrable freak-out mystery .
The danger with a style that is this closed-off is that it can repel our pleasure as well as our understanding .
A confounding intellectual mystery , an enigmatic philosophical science fantasy that 's like a cinematic Moebius strip .
If Upstream Color is not quite the masterpiece we were hoping for , it 's a film with its own affectless mystery and chill .
Carruth 's mindmelt of mesmerism , metempsychosis and micro-organisms will leave some a little cold , most bemused if not utterly baffled , and near all needing to see it a second time .
The most visually imaginative American film since David Lynch 's Eraserhead .
This gorgeous , unknowable , deeply affecting film makes Primer look almost conventional , given time travel is a genre filmgoers know a little something of .
A perfectly judged , strikingly beautiful film , but also a lunatic enterprise which invites - even welcomes - befuddlement as much as wonder . A true original .
Even if you do n't know what 's going on , you rarely doubt that Carruth knows exactly what he 's doing .
Carruth 's second feature proudly follows his debut Primer -LRB- 2004 -RRB- in its audacity , intellect and astonishing originality . Carruth does not make films for fools , but nor does he try and fool anyone ; if you 're willing to look , it 's all there .
It 's a film that audiences will either loath or admire ; I doubt it can be loved , too austere and distant , too dissonant , too incoherent in fact
The dialogue is sparse and much of the imagery and action is open to interpretation . I was intrigued , frustrated , repulsed , bewildered and ultimately bored
This genre-defying oddity , this magnificent cinematic poem , is also quietly a brilliant and moving love story .
A visceral , mind-bending curio ... a film that leeches into
you like watercolour on canvas ; the less you know about the
story going in , the better .
Discussing it with people who got different things out of it has made me eager to reexamine it .
Upstream Color 's mystery paralysed me .
Ultimately , Carruth 's tale expresses that , despite the complexity and mutability of human beings , their essence persists .
Much like the worm that 's forced into Kris 's body , you ca n't wriggle free from this film and it wo n't stop growing inside you as time goes by .
Gorgeous , transcendent and affecting , just watch it and argue the toss later .
A lush , deeply felt , very modern exploration of the need to find genuine connections in a cruel and -LRB- very -RRB- unusual world .
It will leave you giddily befuddled . I 've never been so swept away by being so lost .
For those prepared to go with the abstraction , Upstream Color is a rewarding and mind-blowing experience .
Shane Carruth 's Upstream Color might even be better than his previous effort , Primer ... -LSB- It 's -RSB- a marvel of sci-fi storytelling .
Carruth 's experimental style has a certain level of artistry , and the film contains enough ambitious ideas to make it worthwhile .
A sumptuous enigma that 's intricately constructed and beautifully shot , a film that would make Terrence Malick blush
It 's no surprise that Upstream Color is a head-scratcher , but its untrammeled emotionalism comes as a shock to the senses .
Carruth 's complex and muted thriller is exquisitely made and acted . It 's a film that challenges the viewer provoking fine existential questions .
A cerebral , mournful mystery that resonates like a tuning fork struck on a far-off star .
May represent a milestone in modern indie cinema , or at least a steppingstone between the smart microbudget work signified by star Amy Seimetz and the more grandiose aspirations associated with someone like -- dare I invoke the name ? -- Stanley Kubrick .
Very few movies actually invite us in , meet us halfway , or offer us something . Upstream Color does that in such a unique , singular way that it 's unlike almost any other movie I 've ever seen .
It presents us with a glimpse of the vastness of existence , of our inner nature , and of nature without that is as equally dreadful , enveloping , and terrifying as it is beautiful .
Those who require a beating pulse to set the tempo for jigsaw puzzle moviegoing are hereby warned , as Carruth is n't interested in making things easy . He wants to squeeze your mind , not hold your hand .
It 's not designed to stump or baffle but to beckon you into its wondrously chilly gray world . If it takes a few viewings to unlock -LRB- most of -RRB- its secrets then lucky you ; you spent high-quality time you might have wasted on Pain & Gain .
If Shane Carruth 's time-traveling debut Primer was about outthinking what you might do in the future , his second movie , Upstream Color , is about deciphering why you feel the way you do right now .
`` Upstream Color '' is splendid , transcendent weirdness .
I have no idea what it was about , and I ca n't wait to see it again .
I loved it .
My immediate desire when it ended was to stay in my seat and watch it all the way through again .
Swooning , frightening , intoxicating , and a cinematic experience that feels genuinely new .
... works on its own idiosyncratic wavelength , one that is n't alienating , but is n't quite approachable either .
Its plot is n't particularly complicated , but it is undeniably weird . if you accept the movie on its own terms , you 'll feel like you 've been pulled into a creepy yet compelling dream .
Shane Carruth continues to grow as a filmmaker even as he remains keen to puzzle and perhaps frustrate . Upstream Color is , above all else , an unforgettable experience .
I found it one of the most invigorating and intoxicating movie experiences of the year .
There 's some sort of genius buried within Upstream Color , but it 's so enigmatic and obscure that by the time you reach it after digging through its countless layers you 'll likely never find your way back again .
For all its impenetrable possibilities , the most obvious thing one can say about Upstream Color is that it is great .
Sci-fi might have been too familiar a word , for what may induce a kind of hallucinatory melancholy in its viewers .
Meticulous and abstruse , Shane Carruth 's Upstream Color is an idiosyncratic film that invites explication but defies total understanding .
Baffling from beginning to end , but also woozily beautiful .
Carruth 's mesmerizing , confounding film is full of overwhelming sensory splendor and ripe with multiple meanings .
Elliptical and utterly fascinating adventure in cinema , one that defies simple explanations , but worms its way into the brain .
Like Primer , Upstream Color will benefit from repeated viewings , from the ability to rewind , review , rethink . Dive in .
Taken as a whole , it 's an impressive piece of filmmaking that shows Carruth 's talents as director , actor , cinematographer and composer .
Whatever it is Carruth 's doing , it reminds you of what movies can do .
The movie 's deep emotional underpinnings are compromised by too many images that skew toward a dense , abstract sensibility .
This is a very sensory world , and it 's demanding we interpret its tactile realities to understand it .
This I do know - as abstract and surreal as it is , I like it about a million times more than Primer .
Upstream Color is an admirable workout for the mind that regrettably falls short -- try as it might -- in offering the heart a similar trial .
For me it was a great success , a success resting on both in its refusal to be overly conventional while not going completely off the rails just to say tell the audience to go fuck themselves .
Carruth may be something that the movies have n't yet seen , perhaps the first great realization of the democratization of filmmaking that digital technology and the Internet promised .
Upstream Color is a deliberate exercise in swooning obscurity . You either go with its considerable sensory powers or you scratch a groove on your head .
Being completely understood at first glance is not on creator Shane Carruth 's agenda , but while this may sound upsetting , it turns out to be quite the opposite .
A reminder that cinema can still challenge you , rather than just placate you .
Visually and sonically hypnotic , it 's an intensely sensory blend of internal monologue and unsettling mystery , draped over a thin skeleton of plot approached so obliquely that it seems almost inconsequential .
Like Primer , Upstream Color was written , directed , produced , edited and scored by its star . So there is at least one person out there who presumably knows what it all means .
No one else today approaches the genre in quite this way ; the only precedent I can think of is Nicolas Roeg 's The Man Who Fell to Earth .
While I feel compelled to see it again , I do n't have high hopes that it will make any more sense .
Meanings are multiple , debatable and ultimately pointless . What really impresses about Upstream Color is Carruth 's confident navigation of this fast river of ideas ...
Pretentious hogwash -- sometimes literally . Coherence is not your enemy , buddy , but you and your movies are why some people hate independent cinema .
Here is a movie you have n't seen before . If you think you have , it 's probably because you swallowed a white worm that turned you into a pod-person subject to total mind control and now you 're having flashbacks .
A 96-minute therapy session where discomforting symbology and gross human abuse create a framework for powerful , all-consuming love .
A bold , imaginative , poetic and , admittedly , frustrating piece of filmmaking that 's always engaging and frequently beautiful .
Anybody haunted by Primer 's creepy overtones will instantly recognize it as the work of the same director .
This enigma-delivery system from a sharp mind has enthralling moments but becomes a bit enervating in its self-seriousness . By the end , the whole thing feels more academic than mind-bending .
`` Upstream Color '' lacks both a clear point and , more crucially , a point of view .
... a tremendous return by a gifted filmmaker , and one of the real highlights of this year 's Sundance Film Festival .
If writer-director Shane Carruth were to ever find a way to get his audience to feel as well as he gets them to think , he might be truly onto something extraordinary .
What I discern here is the work of a unique visual stylist and collage artist who 's creating obsessive-compulsive allegorical puzzles , whose underlying philosophy is deliberately unclear .
If `` Primer '' was a Rubik 's Cube , `` Upstream Color '' is a poem or a half-remembered dream -- or , more accurately , a nightmare .
A deeply sincere , elliptical movie about being and nature , men and women , self and other , worms and pigs ...
... another unclassifiable and unique piece of quasi-science-fiction paranoia .
So soft-focus is Shane Carruth 's praised anticipated ` Upstream Color ' that any adjectives might be applied except ` coherent ' and ` bearable . '
`` Upstream Color '' is weird , but it 's worth the time .
Upstream Color is one of the greatest realizations of the digital dream , which was supposed to allow filmmakers to express a full , idiosyncratic vision from outside the system .
A romance , a thriller , and a science-fiction drama , `` Upstream Color '' tantalizes viewers with an open-ended narrative about overcoming personal loss .
No one is going to explain any of this for you-and the slightly snobby implication of Upstream Color is that explanations are for suckers .
It 's a bloodless movie , and its ideas are n't as tricky or complex as Carruth 's arch , mannered approach might suggest .
Carruth 's film plays like a glass harp which has been smashed and reassembled with missing pieces but unbroken sound .
The artistry on display is indisputable , and thrilling .
A vision as vast and as natural as it is reflexively cinematic and fiercely compassionate .
I 've seen Upstream Color twice and liked it enormously while never being certain of anything .
If it 's something different you 're after , Upstream Color is your movie . But be careful what you wish for . It 's a film about having pig dreams , and the courage to follow them .
Upstream Color is lush , rhythmic , and deeply sensual , a film of exceptional beauty .
A baffling experimental movie that shuns interpretation as a narrative but makes sense as a work of artistic merit .
Upstream Color is cinema as art and it 's the type of art that can lead to lots of conversations , presumably intelligent philosophical ones .
One eventually grows so weary of discerning the signal from the noise that it all blurs together .
The film has been very divisive at Sundance but I think I adore it . It 's daring , gorgeous , beautifully shot , and thematically fascinating .
The subject of understanding and mystery prove a sticking point , with the film remaining so wilfully opaque that it is more frustrating than rewarding by the end credits .
Upstream Color builds a stunning mosaic of lives overwhelmed by decisions outside their control , of people who do n't understand the impulses that rule their lives .
` Upstream Color ' is disorienting and heavy , but it earns every bit of mental energy you 'll put into it .
Mind-blowing . It 's confusing , but you 'll love being confused . A sure-fire conversation starter . Like classic David Lynch mixed with a dab of Cronenberg .
A relatively straightforward story steeped in abstract concepts upon which Carruth hangs themes of love , hope , fear , fate , free will , memory , identity , creativity , spirituality , the control of nature and the nature of control like so many paper chains .
Upstream Color is a very layered and complex movie . But it 's also rich and beautiful . I expect nothing less from the crowded and radiant mind of Shane Carruth .
A baffling , opaque mess . But at least it 's got a baby pig .
As visionary and beautiful as it may be , Upstream Color wears its pretensions a little too proudly .
Upstream Color is a stimulating and hypnotic piece of experimental filmmaking .
A dramatically obscure , technically brilliant experiment in speculative fiction from Shane Carruth .

@highlight

As technically brilliant as it is narratively abstract , Upstream Color represents experimental American cinema at its finest -- and reaffirms Shane Carruth as a talent to watch .