The repetitive , insincere , and ultimately pointless dialogue in this crucial scene thoroughly tinges one 's impression of the whole film .
It 's a lot of skill and talent expended on a spat a good lawyer could probably have sorted out during the opening credit sequence . Instead Lafosse offers a lot of the `` after , '' and none of the `` love . ''
-LSB- After Love -RSB- is even painful for us viewers .
For most of its running time , director and co-writer Joachim Lafosse gives the impression that he 's drilled a hole into the side of a married couple 's home in order to afford audiences an unmediated , worm 's eye view of their gradual dissolution .
Slow moving , the movie wades through a sea of hostilities while we wait for a major blow-up or a thaw in the ice that allows these two to reveal something about what made them a couple in the first place .
Messy and ungovernable at its strongest , Lafosse 's film is a story of heartbreak and real estate and , not least , money , viewed from within the still-smoldering ruins .
Intimacy might be a source of irritation , but in After Love it can be downright excruciating .
Lafosse , along with actors Bérénice Bejo and Cédric Kahn , infuse the film with a brutal honesty that makes it , if not exactly enjoyable , certainly compelling .
`` After Love , '' directed and cowritten by Belgian filmmaker Joachim Lafosse , is an insightful and involving drama centering on the collapse of a marriage .
-LSB- Joachim Lafosse 's -RSB- camera favors a glum vérité that simply records the unraveling of love .
After Love is sometimes hard to watch-but that 's mostly because it 's boring .
A moving , unflinching drama with raw performances by Bérénice Bejo and Cédric Kahn .
-LSB- A -RSB- perceptive drama ...
Most films about relationships on the rocks center on things like betrayal and guilt and lust . Rare is the work that tackles one of the most common and corrosive sources of conflict among couples : financial instability .
Though undoubtedly a flawed enterprise , After Love is a formal wonder , due to the efforts of Lafosse , photographer Jean-François Hensgens , and production designer Olivier Radot .
The film too often puts too much trust in dialogue , as Marie and Boris 's predicament is sometimes perfectly conveyed by the actors ' facial expressions and body language .
An irritating movie about irritating people .
As sharp and savage as any breakup drama this side of A Separation .
If it 's intensity of atmosphere , insightful character study and a career-best performance from Bérénice Bejo you want , then you wo n't go wrong with After Love .
Grueling French tale about what happens when two people no longer in love refuse to move out .
An intense family drama revolving around the split of an unmarried cohabiting couple with two children .
Set entirely in their apartment , Lafosse finds meaning in the space and how they inhabit it
The distance Lafosse keeps very nearly borders on complete detachment , but we are brought back in by the performances by Bejo and Kahn .
An intimate variation on films from Ingmar Bergman 's Scenes from a Marriage to Kramer vs. Kramer , this moving domestic drama effectively captures the complexity of a dying relationship .
The film belongs to Bejo , who , fresh from a similarly wounded performance in Asghar Farhadi 's The Past , brings texture to her character 's seemingly endless exasperation .
When there 's an excessive reiteration and even the tics of the actors are repeated , the viewer ends up doing what the protagonists . Separating , in this case , from the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A valuable film on a theme often approached by the cinema : the rupture of a marriage . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lafosse has a sharp eye for the way people behave when love curdles into irritation .
A film where the camera movement , the acting duel , dialogue , and music result in a perfect portrayal of the disintegration of a relationship . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a superbly acted , unapologetically adult exploration of a relationship atrophied .
It 's very skilfully mounted , Lafosse pushing the naturalism of his earlier features to brave new heights .
Notwithstanding a climactic lapse into melodrama , this is an emotionally raw record of the breakdown of a very modern marriage .
An unassuming but heartbreaking film that just may stay with you without you even noticing .
After Love shows that the French still have plenty to say about the bloody endgame of romance .
Cédric Kahn as the gruff , indignant Boris and Bérénice Bejo as the steely , exasperated Marie , play the roller coaster of emotions to the hilt in a captivating Belgian drama with an echo of Who 's Afraid Of Virginia Woolf ?
Belgian director Lafosse 's After Love is like a European art-house counterpart to Kramer vs Kramer .
After Love is intelligent , compassionate , challenging film-making .
Unapologetically aimed at the arthouse crowd , this is superior filmmaking . Superbly acted and well written , it stakes its claim in the pantheon of love-gone-wrong watches .
An unsentimentally observed , credibly acted study of a marriage turned sour , in which a dance sequence involving the whole family movingly conveys a former shared happiness .
Lafosse 's previous films , from 2006 's Private Property to 2012 's Our Children , have explored the devastating fallout from fractured relationships . After Love is no less intense or well observed .
A painful story that portrays a couple trying to survive its broken emotional wreck . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The beauty to this film - and as is evident in the very title - is that we focus solely on the present , and future , not dwelling on the past , not even learning of why their marriage came to an end .
After Love is an unusually moderate film by Lafosse 's standards . While it ultimately lacks some of the vigor of his previous work , it does allow you to leave the cinema without feeling ill , which is also nice .
An unflinching portrait of the final weeks of a marriage .
It 's like Ingmar Bergman 's Scenes from a Marriage condensed into a shorter timeframe and only a handful of rooms , although its depiction of a crumbling relationship can be just as complex , if not quite as emotionally resonant during its final stages .
Though contained enough to be a play , Joachim Lafosse 's look at an out-of-love couple still forced to cohabitate explores that dynamic cinematically .

@highlight

After Love is n't easy viewing , but its brutally honest examination of a crumbling family offers powerful performances and penetrating insights that make it well worth the effort .