This is one of Woody 's throw-away movies . It 's as if he has a compulsion to make them , just as he has to haul his ass down to Michael 's Pub in Manhattan every Monday and play clarinet .
Penelope 's performance is a little sterotypoical , but fantastic ...
... while Vicky Cristina Barcelona is n't entirely a return to form , it is interesting enough to stick in one 's brain .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is everything it tries , halfheartedly , to criticize about the character of Vicky : It 's determined to be ordinary and likeable no matter what the emotional cost .
What you see is less reflective of old glories and more indicative of a new composure that inflicts a lot of Allen 's newest endeavors , in which characters are seen engaging in discussions that test the limits of their deadening comforts .
Unlike the vast majority of summertime comedies , the delights of Vicky Cristina Barcelona wo n't evaporate any time soon .
I could n't imagine better company than Vicky , Cristina and Woody on a relaxing summer day .
Allen seems uninterested in pushing his material beyond impersonally generic , or even in thinking things through .
It 's a shift in tone for Allen ; it 's still a movie about sex and those who seek it , but it 's hung on a sun-blushed , wine-sploshed Spanish love triangle that 's more appealing and more amorous than anything the director has produced in decades .
Although Penelope Cruz 's performance is amusing , the film feels a bit forced , looking for meaning in Spain where there may not be any .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is Allen 's an ode to unrestrictive love , and a commentary on sex and how it speaks to different people . Yet its charm and beauty is undercut by a stinging cynicism .
Not unlike Neil Simon scrambling to be Henry Miller .
Woody , what happened ? You stink on toast . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Many are hailing Woody Allen 's new film , claiming it to be a `` return to form . '' I agree : he 's returned to the earliest form of his career , the monologue .
Allen has definitely made something special with this charming , light and warm romantic comedy .
Interesting characters interact in a complex tangle of interesting relationships .
This time , the words really should be believed : a massive return to form for Woody Allen . No lie . At this rate , we might even forgive him for Cassandra 's Dream .
For all its meditations on romantic disappointments , this is a slight , sunny film . Anyone in need of some superior escapism should see it straightaway .
Woody Allen 's new film , announced as a romantic comedy , is far superior to the disastrous Match Point and Cassandra 's Dream but much inferior to his best work .
I want to know how clumsily delivering punch lines in halting English while playing a shrieking harpy is in any way Oscar-worthy .
By the time Cruz appears , Vicky Cristina Barcelona has delivered on those initial good omens : it 's Allen 's best film in at least a decade .
Allen 's last couple of movies have been far from vintage offerings but Vicky Cristina Barcelona is pure pleasure and finds him back on form . It is smart , sunny , frisky and extremely funny .
Leave it to Woody Allen to muck up a threesome involving Scarlett Johansson and Penelope Cruz .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona , which Allen wrote and directed but did not act in , is Woody at the top of his game .
Slight , disposable but entertaining . Vicky Cristina Barcelona is an awful lot better than anything in his thankfully short `` British '' period .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona , Woody Allen 's latest comeback , is nothing like the return to form his apologists claim , but it 's not terrible , which is a mercy after his grim trio of British projects .
No doubt about it , Allen 's latest throwaway rom-com is utterly silly , forgettable and predictable . It 's also his most purely entertaining film in years .
This is not as terrible as most of Allen 's recent efforts , but it 's thin to the point of scrawny , irksomely pseudo-intellectual and cringe-makingly creepy .
A sun-speckled slice of froth that 's very watchable , although it reveals little new about the mysteries of the human heart . It may be Allen 's best film in years - just do n't expect Annie Hall .
Cruz 's best role yet . Scarlett and Penelope end up snogging in a photographic dark room . Which just about tips VCB up to four hats .
Hard to tell if Woody 's schoolboyish crush on Spain -LRB- Gaudí ! Miro ! Flamenco ! -RRB- rivals his one on Johansson but both are equally embarrassing .
Within Allen 's recent output , Vicky Cristina is the highlight . See it for beautiful locales , an ambivalent look at human relationships and a clutch of great performances , especially from Cruz .
The script is witty and playful , the casting just right .
Arriba ! Woody Allen 's Spanish fiesta is his best film of the millennium and his funniest since 1994 's Bullets Over Broadway .
Woody Allen 's spoof of the Don Juan myth Vicky Christina Barcelona is his best film this century .
Some judicious editing could have cut a cracking hour-long film out of the final product , but as things stand Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a decent flick blessed with great performances and a corking set up .
Sex and sun , but no sizzle - Vicky Cristina Barcelona is watchable fluff , but * gasp * is it time for Woody to think about retiring ? If so , he could do worse than Barcelona .
Woody Allen is back in top form with this sparkling comedydrama . Its highlight is a fabulously funny and passionate performance by Cruz .
The erotic roundelays are so witty - Marivaux with sex - that I am now afraid to see a future Allen film . It will either be bad , returning us to the natural order of things , or good like this , demanding a rethink of the universe .
It 's determinedly silly , and possibly wishful-thinking , in essence . After what we 've seen from Allen from Match Point onwards , its sheer entertainment value is a minor miracle .
Brilliantly written , beautifully shot and frequently hilarious , this is Woody Allen 's best film in a long , long time , thanks to delightful performances from Hall , Johansson , Bardem and Cruz .
A sparklingly funny , meltingly sexy romcom .
Taking a leaf out of Pedro Almodovar 's book , Woody Allen makes best full use of Penelope Cruz who 's inclined to wilt if not placed in her native Spain .
At the end of the dia , the movie 's a lovely , empty Spanish travelogue hosted by beautiful people , their problems no more taxing than whether to meet at the amusement park or the marina .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona does n't feel like your standard Woody Allen comedy . And that 's just one reason why it 's such a joy to behold .
Entonces aparece por fin Penélope y la película recién comienza , o al menos se pone más interesante . Lástima que ya han pasado como 50 minutos % u2026
Possibly distinguished solely for the first PG-13 lesbian smooching on screen ever , the film should be a trite , pleasing guy confection .
The humour is more situational , less assertive , less reliant on wisecracks and obvious punchlines .
No amount of pretty scenery can conceal the tedium .
Johansson , fast becoming the Diane Keaton or Mia Farrow of Allen 's mature years , treads a deft path between sensuousness , vulnerability and self-delusion .
Is this the old Woody Allen , back on form ? Well no .
-LSB- Allen 's -RSB- best film in years .
The movie floats about and feels very much like Allen just dropped these characters together and watched them play themselves out .
One of the worldâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s most beautiful cities provides a stunning backdrop for a fairly routine comedy about a culture clash between Americans on holiday and their Spanish hosts .
Occasionally endearingly audacious , Woody Allen 's screenplay for Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a further riff on the unique , unpredictable nature of romantic relationships among the human race
Love has never been so complicated as in Woody Allen 's scrumptious Vicky Cristina Barcelona , a sexy romp involving a ménage a trois that keeps changing like the ever-changing tide of love itself
Allen emprega a arquitetura de Gaudí como um comentário sobre os próprios personagens , que , refletindo o estilo que marcou a obra do catalão , são criaturas tão complexas e aparentemente tão instáveis que mal compreendemos como podem ser funcionais .
The voiceover gives Vicky Cristina Barcelona the feeling of a fairy tale ; while it might take place in a fairy tale world , the story is driven by sometimes unpleasant complexities .
xreiazesai misi tainia , ateleioto voice over kai mia kryfi protagonistria , gia na piaseis palmo , poy apokalyptetai mono otan apokalyptei tin Penelope Cruz kai tis spithes poy petaei me to poy emfanizetai stin othoni
Even with his weaker movies , Woody Allen is more astute than about 80 percent of filmmakers out there .
After a three-film stopover in the UK which reaped generally unsatisfying results , Woody Allen seems to have recovered some lightness of touch and sparkle in Spain .
The film belongs to Bardem and Cruz .
There is nothing wrong with Allen 's determination to mix humor and drama , it 's simply too bad he 's not getting better at it .
... a breezy effort that generally feels like classic Allen ...
Every time you 're ready to count Woody Allen out for good , he comes back and surprises you .
When great artists maintain their health and energy into their 70s , amazing things can happen -- and they 're happening with Woody Allen .
Clearly , Allen has been inspired by his location , and his film also serves as an evocative travelogue of Spain 's most magical city .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is fitfully good .
As usual , Allen works simply and quickly getting the most out of his rich and wry screenplay , a witty dissertation of the left turns our love lives can so easily take .
Woody Allen 's latest may not convert new fans , but for those interested this lusty travelogue makes the most of its Spanish setting , with fascinating characters .
Serves as proof that Allen 's heart is n't in it anymore .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is the cinematic equivalent of a book on tape : a movie that watches itself for you and tells you what it sees .
While it 's easy to tease Allen for implying that a Maxim fantasy is the secret to stable , if crowded bliss , there 's enough grace and honesty in his ménage that it 's practically practical
A solid romantic comedy ...
Allen actually lets his characters have conversations with each other .
A delightful though somewhat predictable Woody Allen farce is enlivened by its beautiful Barcelona locations and the performances of Cruz and Bardem -LRB- who brings heart to the stereotypical Latin lover character -RRB- .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona comes closer than anything to exploring Allen 's famous quote -LRB- made in a time of personal scandal -RRB- , `` the heart wants what it wants . ''
Let 's not kid ourselves : There 's something about Javi .
This is a strong film in many ways even if it 's not a great one .
Allen 's camera seems liberated by the sunny locations ; the director seems to enjoy Gaudi 's architecture almost as much as Johansson 's .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a reassuring return to form that qualifies as his smartest , most lyrical and all-around best film in a decade .
Woody Allen 's best film in years ... talk about damning with faint praise . Vicky Cristina Barcelona is hardly a return to form , but it 'll do .
Woody Allen 's ` Vicky Cristina Barcelona ' smolders with the best of them . It 's also one of Allen 's most finely crafted films .
Allen 's recent product does n't always pay off with quite so much colorful whimsy and incisive irony but , with this beautifully crafted piece of work it 's clear he 's on a role .
Long ago , Allen became interested in `` the artist '' only as a theme and rhetorical figure . The actual making of art , whether as his subject or as embodied by his own films , no longer grips him . It may actually bore him .
Allen stages a late-career coup , placing his finely sketched characters in an ideal milieu of comedy , romance and madness .
The performances are all wonderful , but top honors go to the amazing Penelope Cruz .
-LSB- Allen -RSB- brings the angst of his Manhattan characters to Spain , and tries to blend them into a story that has Almodóvar overtones , but Almodóvar , does them much better
A pleasing and fairly smart film that reveals an unexpected willingness on Allen 's part to finally stretch beyond endless copying of the triumphs of his middle-age .
One of the year 's most charming and sly works -- as well as perhaps the saddest film in the filmmaker 's entire oeuvre .
How could one not admire a script that has one of the characters talk about her friend 's ` turgid categorical imperative ' without blinking an eye ?
What fresh young talent directed this terrific film ? You will walk out saying : Who played Vicky ?
A thought-provoking cautionary tale juxtaposing blind adherence to American Puritanical values against some more open-minded alternative ways of relating .
Woody Allen 's latest is a pure relationship-fest , but the audience ca n't help but be transfixed -LRB- a little threatened ? -RRB- by Bardem 's stare . A thoroughbred cast and crew makes a very watchable romantic tryst , but no classic .
This time Woody seems to be back on the beam .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a rueful comedy about two young American women who savor many Continental delicacies .
Who knew the old guy still had it in him ? This is Allen 's freshest and friskiest work in years .
The movie is a trifle , yes , but it is a fantastically entertaining trifle that made me smile , laugh , cry and at times even coo like a teenage schoolgirl .
Is n't up to Allen 's old school or new school standards . But it 's pretty . And it shows , again , if you let Penelope Cruz speak Spanish instead of forcing her through English , her presence will darn near suck the film right out of the camera .
An engaging examination of human nature .
There 's not enough jokes for it to be comedic and it 's not compelling enough for it to work dramatically . It just kind of falls flat .
The movie stumbles over itself while bringing fresh life to a number of issues .
Just the title suggests how profound the movie is . If he 'd called it Vicky and Cristina Go to Barcelona , that 's obvious and basic . Just using the key words says , ` Here 's what we 're dealing with , now you figure out the proper grammer . '
Who knew a Spanish accent could make Woody 's familiar neurotic dialogue sound fresh ?
A smart , satisfying movie . Once again , Allen removes himself from Manhattan , and finds his muse in Europe .
A well-crafted and prickly platform for Allen to muse on the vagaries and complications of love .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona continues the second coming of Woody Allen , begun in 2005 with the terrific Match Point .
Get rid of the Vicky , and it might be passable .
A bittersweet meditation on art and passion and on love in its many guises .
As exhilarating , captivating and enjoyable as a summer romance in an exotic city .
The best thing about Vicky Cristina Barcelona is that it acknowledges the maddening complexity of desire .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a comedy , a good one , and also one of Allen 's best-ever meditations on the many entanglements of love .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is so engaging so much of the time that it feels like a modest rejuvenation : evidence that a summer in Spain can do wonders for a writer-director who may not have outlived his prime .
A romantic drama that I liked even though I had no investment in any of the characters .
It 's literally difficult to believe that the person who made this picturesque , clueless , oddly misanthropic picture also made Annie Hall and Crimes and Misdemeanors .
Likable , beautifully acted , scenic and sexy .
The sort of film Eric Rohmer might make if he were ever in a chipper mood : sincere , delicately funny , a little staid , a little precious , and more interested in the ebb and flow of the heart than in the dubious rewards of sensational narrative twists .
Through it all , Vicky Cristina Barcelona remains unaccountably romantic , a confirmation that love , elusive and painful as it can be , is still worth pursuing .
-LSB- Allen 's -RSB- funniest movie in years and arguably his sexiest .
a neatly balanced tale of a carefully balanced menage a trois among people with unbalanced libidos , fluctuating interests and roving eyes .
Penelope Cruz kick-starts Woody 's latest , turning it into a dizzy , daffy treatise on the place of passion in art and love .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona , Woody Allen 's giddy romantic comedy , is the funniest film he has made since 1995 's Mighty Aphrodite .
A lightweight musing on love 's infinite variety , not especially comic , and certainly not tragic , but breezing along somewhere in the meditative middle .
Rich , complex , funny , erotic , compassionate and thoughtful , Vicky Cristina Barcelona may be the most fully realized film Woody Allen has made in two decades .
this is one of the more interesting things Allen has done of late . Tonally , it definitely feels more European than anything he 's made â '' even more than some of his other , recent European film ventures .
After Vicky Cristina Barcelona , you may feel you 've learned something about the world . How lasting those epiphanies are depends on your constitution . But you do n't have to go native to enjoy the trip .
A movie brimming with beautiful people and beautiful scenery ; there 's a contagious enthusiasm as this movie whirs through the sights and sounds of Barcelona .
There 's something intriguing going on here . It 's a movie about the sacrifices that people make to be happy .
He is a little like Eric Rohmer here . The actors are attractive , the city is magnificent , the love scenes do n't get all sweaty , and everybody finishes the summer a little wiser and with a lifetime of memories . What more could you ask ?
Watching Allen fart out a story when he has no characters is always painful .
Allen 's laziness is startling , even in so mechanical a filmmaker . He uses a monotonous narrator to tell us what the characters think and do , though he then shows them performing the actions that have just been described .
-LSB- Allen 's -RSB- most entertaining picture since Bullets Over Broadway or maybe Sweet and Lowdown .
Something is terribly amiss when the American actors sound like English is their second language .
One of the most enjoyable and best films of the year .
The picture has a romantic glow that recalls the Woody Allen of old and , of course , it 's quite funny .
Woody Allen has turned out his share of duds ... Vicky Cristina Barcelona is one of his dudliest .
Another intriguing take on affairs of the heart from the master of the artform with some solid performances , most notably from Javier Bardem and Rebecca Hall .
Woody Allen 's work should be taking him deeper into complex and revealing stories about the heart . Instead , he 's becoming more preoccupied with the lurid and the lewd .
While the action takes place almost exclusively in Spain , the script is still a highlight of neurotic New Yorkers who babble on about nothing and everything .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is n't one of Allen 's finest films , but there 's something warm and charming and -LRB- one might even dare say -RRB- optimistic about it , as if Allen found the change in venue as exciting and challenging as his characters do .
When it 's over , and the two Americans at the heart of the story depart Barcelona in overlapping states of confusion , you 're left with a tinge of melancholy that feels not plot-driven , not engineered , but like a slice of reasonably complicated life .
Mostly what you need to know about VCB is this : Cristina is Woody . Vicky is Mia . They have the same conversations we 've heard a million times before in Allen 's movies .
While legendary filmmaker Woody Allen ca n't always be equated with sheer genius and is more accurately described as a hit-or-miss proposition , this sorely undermarketed film serves as unquestionable retribution for his recently questionable work .
Vicky Christina Barcelona is really nothing more than rich people bitching . Now where exactly is the fun in that ?
Perhaps the greatest compliment to be paid to Vicky Cristina Barcelona is that it serves as a spot-on emblem of Allen 's own life philosophy : cling to the transient pleasures , as you 're bound to be let down in the end .
Maria Elena -LRB- Penelope Cruz -RRB- is the figure least obviously dictated by the Woody Allen template . And for that , you are eternally grateful .
If you like watching privileged beautiful people flitting from expensive homes to fancy restaurants to dazzling tourist attractions to plush hotel rooms and gala gallery openings , you 're likely to find something to enjoy in this movie .
Allen is not interested in doing much more than glancing off some intriguing ideas , such as the common tragedy of the would-be artist who recognizes his mediocrity . But he 's old enough to recognize that he does n't need to be profound , just entertaining .
The genius behind Woody Allen is clearly seen in this film , which contains a very simple story line but it is riddled with clever dialogue and a unique narration .
Sex is usually an intellectual endeavor for Woody Allen , but this cast forces him - and us - to get out of our heads .
... audiences once cheered the notion of a new Woody Allen film . Now , instead , we merely endure them .
Much of this film is blatantly told to us , narrated by a toneless male voice that obviates the need for actors to show thoughts and feelings .
A pleasant enough diversion with some great performances and beautiful cinematography to just make it worth recommending .
While it may not quite belong in the top ranks alongside such avowed masterpieces as `` Manhattan '' or `` The Purple Rose of Cairo , '' it is the first one of his comedies in quite a while to at least deserve to be mentioned in the same breath as those titles .
With Vicky Cristina Barcelona the 72 year-old Allen comes ever closer to Ozu 's territory , finding a kind of serenity in the acceptance of life 's inevitable disappointments .
It is refreshing that Allen has shaken the Manhattan dust off his shoes and brought his filmmaking talents to Paris , London and , now , sunny Barcelona .
Vicky shows Allen deflecting his chapter-and-verse filmmaking for better and worse and , in a career that was already cemented as legendary by the early '90s , that counts for something .
Why would you choose to be Vicky , the film seems to ask , if you could be Cristina instead ? -LRB- Or , why move in with the bridge-and-tunnel crowd when you could be bedding the urban sophisticates ? -RRB-
A breezy romantic comedy from Woody Allen about the different shades of love .
Bardem and Cruz bring a vitality that Allen 's work has n't seen since he converted to Scarlett Johansson-ism a few years ago .
The performances of Bardem , Cruz , Johansson and Hall are delightfully inventive , with Cruz in particular relishing the tempestuous nature of Maria Elena and her tantrums .
Writer/director Woody Allen has assembled one of his most unusual casts for his latest , European set film and his combination of recent favorite , new discovery and local blood sizzles and sparks .
A comparatively minor success on Woody Allen 's directorial resume , but its reflective depiction of post-collegiate confusion and yearning rings true .
While the territory is familiar , the terrain is new : Allen shoots his title city with an eye for its art and architecture .
The subsequent plot offers little in the way of inspiration , but plenty in the way of amusement .
If Woody Allen 's heart still belongs to New York City , he 's had a thrilling , invigorating fling with northeastern Spain .
Retains expected performance momentum , and positively sells the hell out of a lusty Spanish vacation .
Smart , sexy and so alive with desire you can practically hear it sizzle .
-LSB- Allen -RSB- seems freer here , more comfortable in his rhythm and less anxious to prove himself in a foreign land .
Another year , another minor masterpiece from writer-director Woody Allen .
Smart , mature film about love , lust , and more .
Woody Allen 's breezy comic fable is his most effortless and insightful in years - and nothing short of a love letter to love itself , in all its maddening glory .
It all begins to feel veddy , veddy pretentious and a very , very long way from the Brooklyn or Manhattan that he actually understands .
Allen has crafted a wry and thoughtful film about the peculiar stirrings of the heart , which is certainly his most accomplished piece of work since Match Point , and his funniest in the eight years since Small Time Crooks .
The worst thing that you can say about Vicky Cristina Barcelona is that it 's exceedingly pleasant , that it has the overall effect of a late summer , late afternoon nap .
For a romance in which nobody seems to end up getting what they want , it 's deceptively satisfying , and leaves you with a sense of hope , however false .
A recurring sentiment is that romance is only possible in a love that has n't been fulfilled . That may be true when you 're talking about people , but not of Allen 's best films , which never lose their thrill .
Has a Mediterranean glow that gives the tale of passion and creativity a fundamentally warm quality that will surprise many viewers .
The magnificent acting ensemble alone is worth the price of admission .
Despite the big budget and name stars , Vicky Cristina Barcelona shows Allen 's 98th film stumbling into mumblecore , fumbling with love and class like a spoiled brat who 's never seen a Rohmer , Malle , Renoir or Ophuls masterpiece .
In this light-comic breeze of a movie , Cruz is a gathering storm .
Funny , intelligent , provocative and heartfelt , the film will remind moviegoers why they ever loved Woody Allen .
Allen 's latest is a comedy of refreshing depth that finds the 72-year-old filmmaker invigorated by the picturesque backdrop of the Mediterranean coast and a perfectly matched cast .
Penelope Cruz deserves a Best Supporting Actress nomination for her fiery , crazy , sexy work in Vicky Cristina Barcelona .
Given its particulars , Vicky Cristina Barcelona ought to have been an eye-roller . What a surprise that it 's so seductive .
Wonderfully scenic , exuberantly romantic .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is basically the most arrogant film of the year , an occasion for Allen to feign interest in challenging heteronormic ideals when all he 's doing is advancing a simplified view of female sexual agency .
Delivers to diehard fans of both the veteran 's films and The Travel Channel .
A witty , cleverly crafted meditation on love - in all of its many fascinating permutations .
Woody Allen 's Vicky Cristina Barcelona has a natural , flowing vitality to it , a sun-drenched splendor that never falters .
There was hope in 2005 that Woody Allen had re-discovered his groove with the release of Match Point . Since then , however , he has slipped back into the sinkhole of mediocrity that kept him from greatness throughout most of the '90s and ' 00s .
The movie compulsively hits fast-forward every time Woody interrupts the action with voice-over narration from an extraneous male narrator , but is nonetheless an improvement by degrees over his last film `` Cassandra 's Dream . ''
Allen ca n't be losing his touch entirely if he can still persuade three of the hottest people on the planet to make out for our viewing pleasure .
Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a lovely gift from a filmmaker who , when he 's on his game , truly hits the mark .
A sexy , funny divertissement that passes as enjoyably as an idle summer 's afternoon in the titular Spanish city .
A valentine to Spain 's noted city , Allen 's romantic comedy is n't very deep but it 's his most entertaining and commercial work since Bullets Over Broadway , a showcase for the talents of Bardem and his three femmes , Johansson , Hall and Penelope Cruz .










@highlight

A beguiling tragicomedy , Vicky Cristina Barcelona charms with beautiful views of the Spanish city and a marvelously well-matched cast .