Questions of authenticity surrounding four year old Marla Olmstead 's paintings occasion filmmaker Amir Bar-Lev 's insightful investigation about media frenzy and public perception , and the very nature of nonfigurative art .
One of art 's richest rewards is its way of teaching us about our assumptions , doubts , and capacity for faith . ... My Kid Could Paint That gets people thinking and talking .
Marla 's story is a sobering illustration of the way children can be exploited by adults who should know better % u2013 journalists , filmmakers and especially their own parents .
Like all good art , this raises difficult questions .
Mais interessante do que a provável fraude envolvendo a encantadora Marla é a reveladora sombra que o documentário projeta sobre o universo da arte moderna .
... an awfully slight yet basically agreeable documentary ...
New York Times senior art critic Michael Kimmelman offers sharp insights when he mentions how Marla 's painting reflects not just ` innocence ' and what our psyches project into them , but also ` the cynicism of the art world . '
The paintings become colourfully self-deluded distortions of a world where adults project themselves back into childhood , capitalizing on both the adult nostalgia for innocence and our fascination with children who seem somehow adult .
A fascinating exploration of art , creativity , and family dynamics that takes an unexpected right hook .
Documentary filmmaker Amir Bar-Lev 's `` My Kid Could Paint That '' is an impressive feat in that it revels in its own ambiguity while still giving us a very entertaining , ripped-from-the-headlines mystery story .
A compelling documentary that leaves you wondering if there is nothing sacred in this stinking world .
... starts out as a meditation on the nature of art and the machinations of the marketplace ... curdles into an inconclusive and trivializing whodunit .
A highly engaging documentary that recounts a remarkable tale .
Hugely entertaining documentary that raises interesting questions about media exploitation , the value of art and even the subjective nature of truth within the documentary format .
Raises compelling questions about artistic ` authenticity , ' the ` meaning ' of modern art , the voracious and double-edged demands of the news media , the exploitation of children and the nature of faith itself .
Bar-Lev handles -LSB- the portrayal of the Marla hype machine -RSB- sensitively and with a minimum of contrivances . He examines his role , but avoids excessive self-reference .
The journey becomes as frustrating as it is engrossing for director Bar-Lev and even more so for the audience .
A probing film not only about the subjective nature of art but also about the hypocrisy of the intelligentsia , the pervasiveness of modern media , and the sincerity of parents .
It 's a rare glimpse into the truth about the world and the art that tries to say something about it .
Bar-Lev exploits Marla as much as , if not more than , any other player in his movie .
My Kid Could Paint That may not deal with life-or-death matters like murder or child molestation , but it raises questions that will nag viewers for days and weeks after the experience .
Mostly , the movie is a cautionary tale of the fragility of childhood innocence , with Marla becoming an enigma just by being her little-girl self .
Amir Bar-Lev 's feature-filmmaking debut is easily one of the most fascinating documentaries you 'll see all year .
Captivating story that just gets more intriguing as it goes along .
My Kid Could Paint That is great theater , thereby proving that even a story as unique as this ca n't stay fresh without a little media-manipulated drama .
A bit ragged around the edges technically , but makes up for the imperfections on that score with its engrossing content .
My Kid Could Paint That is documentary gold , and you will have formed an opinion on the controversy by the time you leave the theater . You may not know art , but you 'll know what you like .
More than a standard child prodigy profile , My Kid Could Paint That turns into a priceless examination of modern art , celebrity and what it means to be a kid .
The self-reflexive narrative is particularly fascinating because Marla 's story is so critical to selling her art ; everyone involved , the filmmaker included , has a vested interest in proving it genuine or fake .
It 's a thought-provoking look at the world of abstract art , the relationship between a reporter and his/her subject , and the nature of parenting , prodigies , and `` objective '' storytelling .
Documentarian Amir Bar-Lev began making a film about whether Modern art is a scam and whether a 4-year-old painter from Binghampton , N.Y. , might not be as good as Picasso . But Bar-Lev ended making a film instead about whether the 4-year-old is a scam .
My Kid Could Paint That is a documentary that brings to the fore questions of youth exploitation , celebrity culture , the `` con game '' that is modern art and media 's role in the whole tangled mess .
A true conundrum : You ca n't say for sure if a scam is in play or if a genuine genius is being smeared . And the brilliance of the film is that it does n't let you feel secure in choosing either side .
Maybe the paintings -LRB- many of which are quite extraordinarily complex and beautiful -RRB- are indeed collaborations of a sort between Mark and Marla ; should it matter ?
My Kid Could Paint That is a fascinating portrait , as much about media manipulation , the art establishment and parenting as it is about a little girl who happens to like to paint .
While My Kid does n't suggest that `` truth is relative , '' it does n't insist on a single judgment of truth . Instead , it asks viewers to ponder how certainty and doubt reinforce one another , how the need for truth creates its own truth .
Bar-Lev has made a refreshingly honest documentary .
Bar-Lev proves to be a remarkably sensitive filmmaker , one who asks questions with fairness and insight and who is constantly asking himself what effect he 's having on the story .
My Kid Could Paint That keeps us intrigued by the questions , long after its last shot of Marla .
This is a really fascinating movie , but you 'll wish it were longer -- long enough , say , to see how history treats Marla 's work . Or maybe just long enough to see her enter Grade 1 .
A fascinating documentary .
The truth lurking beneath My Kid Could Paint That is that your kid could n't paint that .
Still , this is still awful fascinating stuff at times , and little Marla Olmstead is easily one of the more singularly beguiling little kids I 've seen grace the silver screen in ages .
Like the best of the new wave of American documentaries , it becomes about far more than the human-interest angle at the center of the story ...
I 've seen the film twice . It is a wonder , marked by a sense of wondrous skepticism that has nothing to do with cynicism .
My Kid Could Paint That
It 's one of the best documentaries of this or any other year .
... the storytelling is a little crude , the filming equally so , and in the end , audiences may feel that those who were prepared to pay thousands of dollars for one of Marla 's paintings must be philosophical : if they love the work , the money is justified .
Bar-Lev goes to the heart of the issue -- that all art , but especially abstract art -- demands commitment on every side , but commitment takes many forms and has many motives behind it .
For parents , My Kid Could Paint That functions as a mirror , prompting us to wonder at what point we should draw the line and close the door . When the national media camp out in our living rooms ? When the kid 's college account is full ?
At every turn Bar-Lev very gently and fairly lays out the different sides of the story , and in doing so exposes bigger hypocrisies .
Maddening and more than a little thought-provoking .
... raises all kinds of questions and answers few , but I doubt any viewer could walk away without opinion . It 's a well-structured , thought-provoking , even suspenseful piece of work .
As cunning as a double-sided Kandinsky but ultimately as shallow as a few layers of oil .
Shows what happens when nice , naive people trust the media and people like Charlie Rose and director Amir Bar Levy . It is n't pretty , but it 's interesting .
Bar-Lev also explores the freakish popular appeal of child prodigies -LSB- and -RSB- the family dynamics that come into play when a child 's celebrity and earning capacity overshadows the adults . '
That Bar-Lev takes such care to depict them as complex , foible-laden individuals who ca n't be pegged either good or bad is one of the great strengths of this intriguing and provocative documentary .
Bar-Lev is also intrigued by the ethereality of childhood , and whether nurturing a gift can also kill it .
The opportunities for a satirical comedy are largely missed by filmmaker Amir Bar-Lev , who does a lot of first-person hand-wringing about his methods . That is both a distraction and an indication that he got a little too close to his subjects .
Amir Bar-Lev began this documentary as a fairly straightforward portrait of a prodigy . What he ended up with was a complex examination of art , the media and the nature of fame .
As the story shifts from fanaticism to skepticism , Bar-Lev loses sight of his original line of inquiry on the nature of modern art when he does n't need to .
An intimate , sometimes unsettling family drama .
My Kid Could Paint That is a welcome return to ambiguity in the documentary , while posing perhaps the year 's most intriguing mystery .
The longer it goes , the more frustrating it becomes , as -LSB- director -RSB- Bar Lev declines to come down on one side or the other . It makes his presence in the Olmsteads ' lives serve no real purpose other than exploitation of their misery for his own good .
Amir Bar-Lev 's documentary is fascinating on all kinds of levels : as a movie about the nature of art , the lure and pitfalls of celebrity , and the complicated conundrums of parenting .
You 'll debate endlessly about whether Marla truly has a gift , or if she 's just a little girl doing what she likes .
A fascinating film which touches on a captivating range of subjects .
-LSB- A -RSB- mysterious , gripping meta-documentary , a movie that reflects upon the thorny , unpredictable process of capturing a real-life story on film at the same time it 's trying to figure out what the story is .
A fascinating documentary about abstract art , child prodigies , play and media exploitation .
Amir Bar-Lev 's engrossing film is as much about the stubborn ambiguities of art , truth , meaning , and relationships as it is about the authenticity of the Olmstead oeuvre .
The open-endedness of the film makes for a rather unsatisfying non-conclusion to the story ... but like the best documentaries , it leaves you asking questions without trying to answer them for you .
My Kid Could Paint That '' is a thought-provoking movie about the ethical shades of gray . See it for yourself .
Its insistent search for the truth -- about art , success , family -- is what keeps the film from turning into a twee human-interest column blown to main-feature length .
What begins as a sweet documentary about yet another art prodigy becomes an absorbing look at the world of art scandals , trial by media and the parental role in the frenzied creation and perpetuation of a phenomenon .
A captivating and highly interesting film , Bar-Lev 's My Kid Could Paint That is also something extremely rare -- a piece of honest journalism .
A fascinating subject handled with intelligently provocative care .
Skillfully shot and edited .
I love a documentary that doles out both sides of an interesting story and then forces you to decide for yourself where the truth actually lies .






@highlight

Director Amir Bar-Lev grapples with exposing the authenticity of four-year-old Marla 's paintings at the sake of burdening her publicly shamed family to transfixing results .