Unappealing characters and a dumb story . Skip it .
... a fluffy time-killer .
The mix of thievery intrigue , humor , exotic slacking and animal attraction are a classy recipe for stealing audience affections .
After the Sunset is the sort of movie that may not find its ideal audience until channel-surfing insomniacs discover it late some evening , long , long after sunset indeed .
Audiences seeking mild diversion might prefer approaching it as Lola does her new surroundings : ` The challenge is to find joy in simple things ' .
As guilty pleasures go , this is as good as three rum punches on a hot afternoon at a beach bar . It wo n't do you any good , but hey , it 's a lot of fun .
Behind the curve .
The dialogue mimics the terseness -LSB- of Elmore Leonard 's work -RSB- without the snap or humor . Almost every word sounds recycled from another movie .
Folks who like these actors will probably have fun with the film . Just do n't go in with high expectations , as the script and direction are merely average .
Beautiful to look at -LRB- particularly any scene containing Salma Hayek -RRB- and has a zippy energy , but there 's nothing going on underneath its attractive surface .
What you get with this film is an unoriginal concept using the backdrop of a resort to lure us to see a heist film where our time is only thing that was stolen .
Like a holiday page-turner , there 's nothing terribly profound in this heist movie cum-comedy , but the characters are likeable and it 's easy on the eye .
That 's when most of us sleep .
They forgot the `` r '' in `` caper ''
Devoid of a clever script and truly charismatic chemistry , it plays out as one big , glossy yawn .
All polish trying to cover up an unsanded surface .
... -LSB- a -RSB- hollow heist flick . Alas , After the Sunset maintains having the trivial tension of a fifth grade spelling bee contest . Repeat after me ... Paradise Lost .
Spends so much time down Selma Hayek 's shirt fronts that we come away suffocated .
Every bit as easygoing as its tropical island setting , and every bit as uninspired and uninspiring . Its pleasantness is its undoing .
Light-hearted , enjoyable caper flick that gets good mileage from both its stunning locations and its equally stunning cast .
A deliberately mindless action comedy that invites us to lose ourselves , without any PC guilt , in its hedonistic enticements .
After a bright set-up , Sunset goes down quickly during Brosnan 's soggy final caper .
Beyond the eye candy represented by the stars and their sun-soaked surroundings , there 's little else that 's memorable about this disposable tissue of a movie .
I expected something truly ghastly -LSB- and -RSB- found myself reasonably entertained . But it 's hard to actually encourage you to shell out good money to see it , so I wo n't do that .
A movie utterly devoid of wit , excitement and any reason for being .
After the Sunset tries to be two different films .
After the Sunset looks great and has good actors , but it generally fails at what it really wants to do .
Salma Hayek is great eye candy and this comedy caper is fun with Woody Harrelson providing most of the laughs . This is a fun diversion film not to be taken too seriously .
The combo of exotic lady and exotic location fails to distract from varying and unsuccessful attempts to blend romance and comedy with half-hearted heist intrigue .
A ho-hum heist flick .
Finally , he has made a film that rises above mediocrity , though we can probably credit its mild , inoffensive pleasures more to chance than to Ratner 's skill .
Slack , ambitionless Elmore Leonard-lite . Brett Ratner has matured into one of the dullest young filmmakers working today .
Pretty sunsets , pretty people , and some pretty silly shenanigans are what you 'll see in `` After the Sunset . '' It 's an average caper flick that 's mostly for show .
Comes across like a piñata at a birthday party with the children blindly swinging and occasionally getting in a few good hits .
From a distance the poster for this movie makes Brosnan look like he is playing in `` Dawn of the Dead , '' and maybe that would have been a better choice for him .
Shot in the Bahamas with lots of plugs for the Atlantis resort , After the Sunset looks great but is the cinematic equivalent of empty calories .
Contrived , unconvincing , and formulaic , Brett Ratner 's film has nothing in common with the superior Pierce Brosnan caper flick `` The Thomas Crown Affair '' **
The kind of film that asks very little of its audience but offers much in return .
Inoffensively asinine .
Inane and a bit rote .
Do the people who make movies not realize that most of us have seen movies before and are therefore not impressed when the same formulas keep popping up again and again ?
Well , maybe they 're just fine actors , but Brosnan and Hayek have a perfectly rowdy way of making comedy romantic .
Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek attempt to heat up the screen in the action caper `` After the Sunset '' ... but despite effective pacing , the movie barely reaches a simmer .
It 's not that great a picture , but it does what it 's supposed to do and that 's why you spend the bucks after all is n't it ?
Basically , it 's a ` cute ' date movie or video rental that is likely to be appreciated by most anyone on an aesthetic front , and likely entertain most enough to be satisfied as you walk out of the theater .
With its warm , fun in the sun Bahamian locale , After the Sunset goes on like a comfortable pair of linen beach trousers - with holes in it .
in need of better characters , a better script , and a touch of evil
You 've seen this movie many times before , but After the Sunset is kind of fun nonetheless .
A real yawner with no redeeming value
One should n't be too quick to put down this sort of efficient if generic filmmaking . -LSB- i -RSB- After the Sunset -LSB- / i -RSB- has modest goals , and achieves them .
The film is thin , insipid and unconvincing except when it argues for Salma Hayek 's beauty .
This tired caper comedy is permanently trapped in the doldrums , drifting listlessly from one gadget-heavy set piece to another without ever stirring up so much as a ripple of energy .
The witless inanity of After the Sunset is so numbing that the sole reason for any living creature to sit through it is to marvel at the speed and variety of actress Salma Hayek 's costume changes .
One of the most lackadaisical Hollywood projects of the year .
-LSB- A -RSB- mostly terrible heist comedy .
If Hitchcock 's To Catch a Thief was the silk purse of travel brochure caper movies , After the Sunset is the pocket plastic disposable .
A cheesy , frequently sophomoric caper comedy .
Limp , implausible , unthrilling , unfunny and vaguely sleazy .
This is the kind of film that exists solely to show off pretty actors and scenery .
After the Sunset is content to take in the sights and ogle the ladies .
Even with the delicious Salma Hayek on board , the biggest boobs in this dumb heist flick are the characters played by Pierce Brosnan and Woody Harrelson .
Most of After the Sunset runs like a bureau of tourism commercial for the Bahamas , even though much of the flick is filmed near Malibu . Go figure .
Très très léger et amusant en petites doses .
Amiable pop entertainment .
Leading man Pierce Brosnan leaves his world-saving James Bond exploits behind , but he 's still engaged in risky business .
The jokes are n't funny , the romantic encounters are unpersuasive , the pacing sags and drags , and the characters get less appealing as each minute goes by .
The movie is a lot like that remora drink Stan is so fond of - it 's does n't pack a punch .
A movie that yearns for the circumstance , wit and integrity of an Elmore Leonard comedic actioner .
There is n't a single good thing about this movie .
One of the worst heist pictures ever .
At its best , After the Sunset still is n't much more than a bauble .
A slick if hyper-predictable comic caper .
When the movie can tear itself away from Lola , it 's more of a buddy comedy than a heist film , and a bad one at that .
A feature-length travel destination video about how your next Bahamas getaway will leave you feeling like a millionaire .
Plays as if a goodly number of -LSB- umbrella drinks -RSB- were consumed throughout production .
A fun romp with nothing much to remember .
The romance in After the Sunset is never as steamy as it should be , given the bodies involved , and the heist is never as clever as it should be , given what 's at risk .
After the Sunset is about as flat-footed a heist caper as I 've ever seen : clumsy where it should be graceful , lumpy where it should be sleek .
The movie floats by like a drunken , mindless afternoon .
It 's big , dumb fun at its best , and it is n't always at its best .
After the Sunset promises Hitchcock-style sophistication then delivers Heist Movies for Dummies instead .
Brosnan sounds and looks a little tired . But then , so does the entire film .
A generic heist movie that basks in the balmy glow of the Caribbean sun .
After the Sunset is skillfully made , but it 's not necessary .
They got to make a movie on a beautiful island ; the film itself might just be an afterthought . It feels like one , anyway .
After the Sunset fizzles so quickly that it 's hard to care about the answers to any of the cliched mysteries it attempts to solve .
The movie grows progressively more routine in quarter-hour increments , eventually collapsing under the weight of its own insignificance .
The film is devoted to life after the thievery , where the spoils of victory can be enjoyed to their fullest potential ... a great start to this spirited , sun-drenched caper .
Pierce Brosnan , Salma Hayek and exotic Caribbean locations are all a joy to look at . But the story that binds them together is little more than a distraction from all that eye candy .
Who 's the real thief here ? Pierce Brosnan as a big-time diamond pilferer or director Brett Ratner , who basically lifts this entire flick from a bunch of heists movies we 've seen before ?
Like a tropical drink served at a resort bar , After the Sunset looks pretty but has zero kick .
To paraphrase a far greater expert in the heist genre , David Mamet , After The Sunset is like having Elmore Leonard puke and then that puke wrote the script .
Barely a step above the dismal The Big Bounce from earlier this year .
A predictable but fun heist flick .
An unalloyed delight , bright and breezy escapist fare that 's pure entertainment , filled with romance , adventure , humor , action , suspense , beautiful scenery and beautiful people .
A moment where Brosnan quietly retracts his fishing pole says volumes about the sadness at the so-to-speak root of this testosterone opera .
An uneasy mixture that provides none of the pleasures of the genre .
After the Sunset 's carat-and-shtick approach is much more decadent than it is delightful .
The plotting of this otherwise workmanlike comedy-adventure is as fundamentally ridiculous as it is predictable and lacking in tension .
Pierce Brosnan and Salma Hayek play partners-in-crime in a jewel-heist frolic so stale it feels like a retread of a retread .
Thoroughly unremarkable .
This indirect rehash of To Catch a Thief trades Hitchcockian shrewdness for the slickest kinds of Hollywood glitz , gloss , and vulgarity .
What -LSB- is -RSB- most intriguing is the film 's pandering to homophobes .
... could only be more fun if you were able to watch it while relaxing on a beach .
Bland and nearly personality-free .
Like many a real sunset , it 'll dazzle and entertain , yet soon be forgotten .
After the Sunset is the kind of glossy , Hollywood-forged waste of time that would depress even the most happily lackadaisical retiree .
It 's effective stuff -- as far as it goes . But anyone expecting something more from After the Sunset will feel as if they 've been robbed .
If you 've ever wondered what really is important to an aging jewel thief , After the Sunset at least answers that question amusingly .
Instantly forgettable .
With nothing at stake and little mortal peril , Sunset loses most of its dramatic tension .
An occasionally amusing but generally dull heist movie .
It 's no ` Topkapi ' but has its moments .
The plot too frequently gets in the way of indulging in the view . If the picture had been kept a travelogue , it might have been better for all concerned .
Ratner 's films chug with the precision of a machine , and with just as little soul .
After The Sunset is a movie more memorable for Salma Hayek in those bikinis than for the story . Brosnan looks alright , too -LRB- if you 're into that sort of thing -RRB- .
A series of silly snafus turn this potential smart-sell into a banal trifle .
Do n't be fooled ; this is n't the heist film you 're looking for .
From the predictable double-crosses to the dopey locker-room humor , there 's nothing here that could n't have found its way into a heist flick in 1989 . Or 1979 . Or 1969 .
A tired bore with a lot of French kissing .
The result is a knowingly preposterous toy thriller -- a sheer escape from consequence .
A heist flick in which the audience is left out of the best part -- the logistics of the heist . Whose dumb idea was that ?
As far as these kinds of films go , this is one of these kinds of films -- only worse . One of the most unoriginal movies ever made . The Thomas Crown Affair for Dummies .
-LSB- I -RSB- f Brosnan is still turning heads , Harrelson is still turning stomachs ...
A film of small moments and big laughs .
For people satisfied by a world of sound bites - it 's made entirely of scenes that might have looked good as storyboards , but are a tiresome mess when put together onscreen .
To pass the time between the product placements , director Brett Ratner tries to squeeze chuckles out of gay-panic set pieces , the quaint antics of colorful natives , and Woody Harrelson 's surreal miscasting as the FBI agent .
While After the Sunset is never exactly dull and is smartly cut to a brief running time , it never quickens the pulse .
The movie comes off more like a watered-down film version of an Elmore Leonard crime novel set in tropical climes , only without his gritty edge or sagacious take on the human condition .
The characters are paper mâche , the story so predictable one wonders how anybody could foist it on an audience .
After the Sunset is either a comedy that needed more jokes , or a heist movie that needed more tension .
After the Sunset has the audacity to con audiences with a script seen a million times before .
A long slog through a pretty sea of thankless twaddle .







@highlight

A slick but bland thriller .