A slow-moving but an arresting religious film that questions God 's silence in the wake of so much suffering .
Like a true religious experience , you will be in awe of what you 've witnessed .
Silence is a monumental achievement in Scorsese 's career , a project three decades in development , and his passion shows . It 's the unofficial conclusion of Scorsese 's theological trilogy .
Basically , Silence looks and sounds great . But , that 's slim pickings for a film that promised so much more .
Scorsese 's slow-motion epic is an exploration of faith that is of interest , but not particularly entertaining . The film 's length is indulgent , and repetitive scenes grow tedious .
For a passion project that took 26 years to reach fruition , Martin Scorsese 's Silence was worth the wait
Silence is Martin Scorsese 's best film in 20 years .
Bound to result in polarizing opinions , Silence is one of Scorsese 's most intimate works that can not be ignored .
This is a once in a lifetime movie .
A beautifully shot film that delves powerfully into some deep questions about faith .
At a buttock-numbing two hours and 41 minutes , my goodness this is hard work .
The cinematic experience of the film is exemplary , if hardly `` fun '' .
Even at its unnecessary length , Silence is seldom boring .
Silence is a stunning , unforgettable , even timely film about the Martyrs of Japan .
By the end of the ordeal , the question is stale and overwrought , and the end of the final scene feels like the sweet release of death .
-LSB- Silence -RSB- stayed with me , like a day of cold and somber weather that affects your mood for weeks , because it has somehow worked its way into your bones .
I do n't have a problem with filmmakers wrestling with the ideas of religion and belief . But at some point Silence simply became ridiculous for me .
Silence is replete with layered human , theological , and spiritual themes that writers Jay Cocks and Scorsese imbue with respect for their subject .
This is exquisite film-making from a master film-maker .
It 's a real high mass of a film , done with high craft in the highest seriousness .
An epic film about devotion , deception and the consolation of inner spirituality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like the resolution of Ted Chiang 's Tower of Babylon , there is no answer in inward faith : there 's only the outward expression of grace . Silence is a masterpiece .
A brilliant reflection about complex themes that always showed up on Scorsese 's films but are approached here in new and beautiful ways . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese -RSB-
When it comes to both lengthy looks and the questions of faith that inspire them , Silence has many .
Scorsese creates a universe full of nuances and contrasts making Silence - with its epic and austere narration - a fascinating film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Silence is a sombre , introspective meditation on faith and resilience that often makes for demanding viewing .
A film that manages to develop truly emotional and intellectually demanding moments . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Our predilection to follow one of film 's greatest storytellers anywhere he may go results in a troublesome journey , arresting in fits and starts , sometimes enlightening , but more often fatiguing .
An ambitious tape that limps at times . However , it ends up being one of the most valuable explorations of religion in the cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it is long and repetitive in some spots , Silence results in one of Scorsese 's most personal and interesting works . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Easily one of the very best of 2016 .
-LRB- VIDEO ESSAY -RRB- This distant cousin to `` The Last Temptation of Christ '' is n't as good as that terribly flawed movie .
A remarkable film that results in one of the most personal Scorsese 's works . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film brilliantly photographed by the Mexican Rodrigo Prieto and with the splendid performances of Andrew Garfield , Adam Driver and Liam Neeson . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great film , and that in it appears the best from Scorsese , making him the more solid filmmaker in technical-narrative questions of the present time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that stirs the viewer to provoke a deep reflection and introspection around their beliefs . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A memorable expression of the New York director , that does n't seem like it was made by Scorsese , as he handles a different narrative line and film language . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that allowed Scorsese to challenge the reach and understanding of the Christian faith by breaking some of its taboos to question it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The key to unlocking Martin Scorsese 's new film is to listen closely .
Devoid of flash , overflowing with excellent performances , and abundantly endowed with meaning -- to the point that subtext is practically non-existent -- Silence is the film Scorsese felt that he had to make .
Beautifully photographed and stirringly acted , even if Garfield seems too unhinged too early , this is unquestionably a personal pic .
Faith . Why must we have it ? Must we have it at all ? And do we - can we - comprehend it ? There are no simple answers to this , and perhaps that is why Scorsese is still making movies . Silence is yet another masterpiece .
As one of the unarguable geniuses of American cinema , Martin Scorsese essentially makes two types of films : those soul-searching works that explore the spiritual side of the human condition ; and those films you can watch without losing consciousness .
While it is certainly more like an endurance race than a stroll through the park , there is something redeeming in its cinematic beauty .
Despite the difficult nature of the material , Silence is never less than engrossing .
Scorsese is indulgently using an epic setting and a historic period to assure us that he 's still a believer . How relieved he 'll be knowing we 're all sleeping a little easier now .
Repetitive , a little boring , but also calming and mesmerising .
A richly detailed study of faith as a force of spiritual respite and of despair , one that feels deeply connected to both the holy men and unholy gangsters that dot Scorsese 's dialogue with the damned .
It is visually gorgeous if thematically brutal ... It tends to overshadow the theological and intellectual aspects of the work , which can be viewed either as a tribute to Christianity or a savage deconstruction of it . Both readings are valid .
It took 28 years for Martin Scorsese to make his grisly passion project -LRB- or should that be ` passion play ' ? -RRB- Silence . Patience is a virtue .
This is a film of dirt and flesh -- the camera takes a calm , unflinching view of the most horrible forms of torment .
Beautifully crafted , but often frustrating .
While the craftsmanship is undeniable and the themes of spiritual belief , betrayal and redemption are laudable , the film feels flat and not as emotional or moving as it should be .
Savage yet spiritual , a dour depiction of an agonized , seemingly endless pilgrimage .
While the silence of the mainstream media in covering the issue of Christian persecution is deafening , a film such as Silence serves as a powerful reminder of faith tested , faith tortured , and faith defined , yet never faith destroyed .
While Silence is a very tough sit , one that succeeds in raising very uncomfortable questions about faith , loyalty and the limits of both , it stands out as a cinematic achievement -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
When Rodrigues looks into a pool of water and see 's the image of Christ he laughs with elation ; but that elation quickly turns to madness . Scorsese does n't want to see what he ought to be ; he wants to see what he is .
a powerful , at times deeply unsettling , but always evocative depiction of the violence inherent in the intersection of religion and nationalism and the conflicted nature of faith in even the most devout believers
Scorsese grew up as a Catholic , and his intimacy with the subject matter here shines through every frame .
Proof that even when he changes pace , Martin Scorsese is still formidable .
A staggering work of absolute confidence and absolute uncertainty that endeavors to both embody and crack the great conundrum of faith .
Silence is purely for the faithful , including those believers in the cult of Scorsese as master filmmaker .
Whatever your beliefs might be , it will make you think .
This religious epic , a dream project of director Martin Scorsese for decades , is somewhat difficult and unwieldy , as well as a bit gory , but it 's also magnificent , beautiful , and masterful .
It 's a stately , loving , sincerely acted and exquisitely photographed -LRB- by Rodrigo Prieto -RRB- experience . It probably wo n't make a dime , but Scorsese has nothing to apologize for .
Of all the films of 2016 , Silence may be the film that becomes a classic .
The deliberate pace and the repeated actions give the film a ritual , even liturgical texture , as if the repetition is intended to benefit the moviegoer , like the recitation of the rosary or the invoking of a holy mantra .
For all its heartfelt sincerity , Scorsese 's labor of love has the cumulative impact of a long-winded Sunday sermon : devout and thought provoking , yes , but also a bit of a drag .
Though intimate in scope , Silence has much larger implications ; it might just be amongst Scorsese 's finest works .
Deliberately paced yet quietly powerful , the introspective film indeed contains plenty of silence while speaking loudly about courage and conviction .
` Silence ' in Scorsese 's 20-year passion project refers to Jesuits , particularly one marvelously portrayed by Andrew Garfield , not hearing their prayers confirmed . Non-believers wo n't relate , but the rest might recognize some cinematic miracles .
Silence is an uncomfortable and unsettling watch , better at generating questions than supplying answers -- which , come to think of it , is perhaps the proper outcome for a film of this nature .
Silence is beautifully-crafted and well-acted , but often frustrating in the way that it examines spirituality through historical drama .
Scorsese does n't glorify martyrdom , and he does n't even hate the killers . He makes death as blunt and dull and useless as a snapped pencil . The point is that there is no point .
This film about spirituality and faith suffers from the lack of both .
It 's by no means an easy film to process , but if you are willing to put in the effort , you will be richly rewarded with one of the very best and most deeply felt films of the year .
The religious fervor that one would expect to be the driving engine of this movie is oddly absent . One scene follows another , one event turns into something else , but nothing adds up or hangs together in the form of a driving , cohesive narrative .
Alternately powerful and somnolent .
It 's the middle ground that may be the holiest ground , where one grapples with both faith and human nature , our responsibility to God and to our fellow humans .
Scorsese leaves us pondering : How far can organized religion sustain us in the face of oppression ? When does pure faith kick in ? And does that belief suffice ?
You 'll likely see ` Silence ' as a beautiful , haunting meditation that gives you permission to ask unanswerable questions .
Silence individualizes the cultural atrocities associated with religion , containing them in an intimate cross-examination of faith .
For those not exulted by the inner-workings of devotion , it 's a slog .
Even the film 's horrors have a savage , artful beauty , like modern-day movie paintings of Christian martyrs rendered on the big screen .
The austere imagery and absence of music are perfect . But at 2 hours 40 minutes , it is excessively long and gruesome -- typical Scorsesean indulgences -- if powerfully thought-provoking .
Scorsese 's heavy-handedness hampers what might have been a startling new entry in the director 's religious casebook . The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak .
Much as he did with The Last Temptation of Christ and Kundun , Scorsese reflects upon matters of faith with artistic courage and finesse .
Not all so-called passion projects are able to convey actual passion on screen . This one does . Silence feels like both an ardent reaffirmation of faith and a lonely cry out to God in the dark .
` Silence ' is a slow meditation about the challenge and limits of faith . At times , the film feels like a theological debate , yet Scorsese creates an environment that takes you not only inside a feudal society , but into the souls of the Jesuits . ...
Scorsese overplays his hand , and Silence ends , 30 minutes late , on the exact syrupy note you expect it to .
Martin Scorese 's dream project , Silence , is done at last , and it 's one large , dry hunk of crisis of faith .
An ode to the loss of religious values , with a message full of solemn pessimism inspired by Hegel 's painful idea of God 's death , and the fear for a world without order or justice of Dostoyevsky 's The Brothers Karamazov . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you feel horrified by the methods used by the Shogunate against Christians in this film , just consider what the other Inquisition was doing in Europe at the time to people who were not Christian , or not the right kind of Christian .
A monotonous film that will make you wish that something unnecessarily dilated ends once for all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though Silence runs nearly three hours , not a frame of it feels wasted .
This may not be Scorsese 's best film , but it 's unquestionably his most impassioned .
The majority of Silence is a deeply moving story of faith , where unlike most movies in the genre , there are no clear answers .
The film is a grueling , often painful experience . But this is essential cinema , and for Scorsese , a story he needed to tell .
In the end , `` Silence '' offers scant comfort and little uplift . And did it really require 2 hours and 41 minutes to state its dour case ?
Slow going ... But Silence also represents consummate filmmaking .
A thought-provoking , historical drama chronicling the ultimate test of faith .
A passion project in which the passion withered away before the cameras rolled .
For someone who enjoys pondering such things , it 's an effective provocation to further thought .
Silence is Scorsese 's most expansive historical canvas , but in the tightness with which it plots these torturing relationships that might lead to enlightenment it is his most hermetic , secretively enclosed .
This overlong , underpowered tale of Christian martyrdom , in which iconography and allusion stand in for character , is a challenge to even the Scorsese faithful .
`` Silence ' is a test of faith and patience for its protagonists as much as it is for moviegoers .
Scorsese 's abiding passion and respect for his source material are everywhere in evidence . For once , perhaps , they are a little too great .
A maddening film more to be admired than enjoyed as it wrestles with questions of faith , compassion , and the prison of dogma .
The strength of Scorsese 's convictions carries Silence through its weakest stretches
Silence is a troubling , emotion-fueled enigma , and only through additional viewings do I believe an understanding of what it is Scorsese is attempting to say will ever be determined .
Scorsese has been etching his beliefs onto celluloid for almost 50 years , and their meanings remain as evanescent , as mysterious , as ever . Silence is not a film to be solved , or resolved , but pondered . It 's not a parable . It 's a koan .
A colossal , overlong bore ...
It 's an awe-inspiring masterwork from a 74-year-old filmmaker with no indication of slowing down .
There are moments that are visually enthralling , landscapes of nature that dwarf the sufferings ... inflicted on many of its characters . We 'll leave the `` and yets '' to later .
How you read it may depend in a large part on your own faith in a higher power , whether that be a Creator of everything , or merely the director of this film . If for no more than two hours and 20 minutes , Scorsese may make a believer of you .
It 's fairly fascinating stuff , but the filmmaker unnecessarily drags it out to a running time north of 160 minutes . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
28 years after being denounced by the Catholic Church , Scorsese screens his film at the Vatican and meets Pope Francis .
This unrelentingly dour , All Inquisitions Matter take on 17th century religion feels like Scorsese 's penance for the amoral Wolf Of Wall Street . Without a story arc or a relatable character it 's just a dulling slog .
I ca n't remember the last time I saw a film about faith that treated the subject with such seriousness and reflection and artistry .
Faith , suffering , pragmatism and ego . Repeated far too often in Silence until Scorsese sticks the landing in act three .
It 's accomplished work , as to be expected , but it 's also a moviegoing test of patience only reserved for Scorsese 's most devout fans .
`` Silence '' feels like a career summation for a filmmaker who has spent his life exploring his faith through his work . Here is a movie about the importance of religion that will move you , regardless of whichever God you worship - or do n't .
This is a long and dull costume drama that seems to think a contemporary audience can picture faith as easily as it does a cassock , cross or kimono .
` Silence ' Surges With Courage and Determination
With Silence Scorsese asks many universal religious questions without attempting to provide any answers . He does n't have an argument , rather a burning passion and an intense interest in the question of religion itself .
You want a faith-based film ? It gets no more faith-based -LRB- and faith-testing -RRB- than this slow-moving , 161-minute goliath .
A sincere , austere , intellectually rigorous attempt to grapple with God 's silence in the face of human suffering .
Come the closing moments there is little doubt the master director has realised one of his most personal projects with genuine grace .
The movie eventually achieves a level of powerful drama ... but only after dithering for more than an hour .
This movie about silence is at its best in the verbal jousting on faith , culture , truth , and power .
What beauty . What brutality . What madness .
It 's a film about martyrs , but it 's also one that challenges the very notion of martyrdom -- or at least the protagonist 's understanding of that concept .
Silence requires a leap of faith in its own right . The film is both repetitive and thrilling ; it is boring and exhilarating ; it will test your patience and expand your mind . Silence is loud , in an astonishingly quiet way .
The actors are steeped in the drama and mysticism of the moment , especially Garfield 's stoic Rodrigues , who emerges as the central figure and also narrator of this journey into the unknown , both the physical and metaphysical .
The film can be ponderous in its rumination and ambiguity , but few cinematic treatments of Christianity and sanctity have been as generous or as intellectually challenging as Silence .
A strange mix of sombre history lesson , artful religious questioning , and stomach-churning graphic violence , Silence is a movie as confounding as it is thought-provoking .
It works on more than one level , taking you on a far greater emotional journey and leaving you with more food for thought than any genre film in memory .
As intriguing and thought-provoking as Silence undoubtedly remains , it 's very much a flawed piece of work that could well struggle to find much of an audience beyond the devoutly religious .
Silence is Martin Scorsese 's film about Jesuit priests in 17th-century Japan whose faith is sorely tested , just as your patience will be sorely tested too .
A curiously passionless passion project , a film that treats of great themes without attaining greatness itself . One can admire its ambition and craft , but ... it fails to engender the devastating emotional impact it 's clearly aiming for .
No matter the depth or absence of one 's faith , this is a film that tests our biases and stirs our feelings in uncommon , profound ways .
From the oft-cited technical standpoint , Silence is nothing less than an admirable piece of craftsmanship .
Silence is Scorsese 's mode of sharing the Holy Communion . To that , every cinephile will say , `` Amen . ''
It sure takes -LSB- Scorsese -RSB- long enough to drive -LSB- his -RSB- point home - putting the film 's audience through its own kind of torture - but the morale of his story is ultimately both tough and nuanced .
Scorsese has lived with his love of this material for a long time . Maybe too long .
It 's the type of film one submits to rather than watches , but if there 's any living filmmaker I 'd submit to , it 's Scorsese .
There is a fair amount of repetition here , and the film is too long -LRB- two hours and 41 minutes -RRB- . But it is also gorgeous , stunningly so , and powerful .
As a work of craft , `` Silence '' is unparalleled . As a work of spirit , it aches with sincerity . As a work of art , it feels as though it has n't fully left its maker 's head .
It 's a strange case , a movie about spiritual doubt that unintentionally provokes spiritual doubt . `` Silence '' is just ugly and drab , with not a hint of the transcendent about it .
Scorsese 's adaptation is overlong and at times insufferably self-indulgent but contains sublime moments of transcendent beauty and a wealth of beautiful performances .
A very good film and I would even say that it 's a must for any lover of the seventh art . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The very nature of belief itself is at the heart of `` Silence . ''
Like most of Scorsese 's oeuvre , Silence explores the link between physical suffering and spiritual conviction , but this time he seems willing to consider a darker question : not `` What if it 's all for nothing ? '' but `` How will we know ? ''
A stark distillation of the themes Scorsese has been wrestling with on movie screens for over 40 years .
Despite any reservations about the central message , Silence is undeniably a lushly-realised and beautifully acted piece of work which is sure to resonate with many .
The few visual flourishes startle : most of the style is stripped , simplified , distilled in the contents of frames , in the duration of shots .
-LSB- V -RSB- isually breathtaking , passionate , and provocative . Its implications will stay with you long after you 've left the theater ...
Driver is superb in a supporting role and disappears too quickly , while Neeson is as intense as I 've ever seen him playing an older and wiser Jesuit who 's arrived at a silent accommodation with his faith .
Rodrigo Prieto 's cinematography is beautiful , Scorsese 's direction restrained and the performances excellent .
Silence is evangelical cinema , probably the most beautifully filmed , but unmistakably pious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Silence '' is only a near-great film , one in which the very power of its subject-and of Scorsese 's devotion to it-appears largely to restrain his distinctive artistry .
That a film this daringly austere exists in the marketplace is almost miraculous in itself .
It has the strength of its convictions , with Scorsese 's faith in the material sustaining the film 's soul even when its cinematic flesh is weak .
-LSB- Scorsese 's -RSB- characters are flawed , horrible , dirty , desecrated ; he specialises in the ugly , the weird , the wrong and the wronged ... -LSB- Silence -RSB- is , awkwardly , about `` goodness '' and boringly `` good '' people .
An exploration of the toxic fallout from the belief that your culture and/or religion is superior to that of others .
The film grows more intense as it unfolds , offering a punishing vision of the brutality suffered by those willing to defend their faith to the limits of their physical endurance .
Neeson gives a tremendously powerful , affecting performance - yet another reminder that there is a hell of an actor underneath all that beefcake .
Silence would benefit from being shorter than its 161 minutes and it does become a tad repetitious , but Scorsese is clearly unloading his psyche in a very entrenched , passionate and specific way .
Silence is a sensational experience . It 's also trying , emotionally draining , and insightful .
Adapted from Shūsaku Endō 's acclaimed 1966 novel , the 161-minute story starts and ends with passionate ferocity .
A rigorous , sincere interrogation of a spiritual dilemma I could n't care less about .
Scorsese 's beautifully shot epic is an accomplished and compelling examination of the search for faith , while also having timely things to say about religious persecution .
Scorsese takes a big gamble with the patience and faith of his audience .
Hunted Jesuit missionaries in 17th-century Japan wrestle with the possibility that all their suffering , and that of their persecuted followers , could be meaningless .
A film that puts the viewer in an uncomfortable position , with a compassionate and cruel look . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While I 'm still not sure what Scorsese wants the audience to think by the time the screen goes to black , the questions raised nonetheless feel modern and resonant .
It 's a cross-cultural sermon-turned-forum . It 's a religious drama with graceful , dramatic élan . And above all , Silence is pure , as cinema and in its reflection .
The director 's most punishing film since Raging Bull .
This is not the sort of film you `` like '' or `` do n't like . '' It 's a film that you experience and then live with .
Admirable in its close examination of metaphysical issues . But the movie is nearly three hours long , and it seems to grind on for ages .
A masterwork set during the confrontational age of discovery , Scorsese 's searching Silence speaks volumes about the twin gauntlets of cultural and spiritual discord .
This is n't just one of the best films of 2016 , it 's one of the most richly layered , faith-driven narratives you 're likely to encounter in modern cinema .
A movie that will rip you off of yourself and that will get stuck in your head for days . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For all the respect that Mr. Scorsese 's film demands , and deserves , I could n't wait for Silence to be over .
I do n't believe that I 'll ever watch it again for fun , but I appreciate what Silence is trying to do .
Though it contains many scenes of prolonged suffering and a few shocking moments of graphic violence , Silence bears a contemplative stillness at its heart .
There 's a crushing lack of urgency to this story and its telling , perhaps because it took Mr. Scorsese , who wrote the script with Jay Cocks , so long to make `` Silence . ''
By the end , Scorsese 's movie gets to the spiritual place it wanted to go , though I suspect many in the audience wo n't get there with it .
This anguished , contemplative new movie , which -LSB- Scorsese -RSB- spent nearly three decades coaxing into celluloid reality , carries the weight of a career summation .
Scorsese has given us a rare and extraordinary gift . Silence transported me to another time and place and gave me great empathy for its leading characters . It is the pinnacle of personal filmmaking
Martin Scorsese 's Silence is good , but not golden .
Martin Scorsese 's Silence is a movie about the nature of faith itself and so it 's rife with contradictions .
It 's easy to see why Scorsese fought so hard to make it -- and why it took so long to get it into theaters .
`` Silence '' can be a riveting and forceful film . Still , it feels more about abstractions than emotions .
As much as I struggled with Silence , it held me rapt throughout .
No one with a genuine belief in the possibilities and mysteries of cinema would think of missing Silence . It 's essential filmmaking from the church of Scorsese , a modern master who lives and breathes in the images he puts on screen .
It navigates the tension between missionary and colonizer , East and West , Christianity and Buddhism and political ideology , but refuses to land on definitive answers .
Silence tests more than its main character at such a daunting length , as Scorsese 's technical command may not be enough to win over all audiences .
Draws me in like a sore tooth one ca n't stop probing with one 's tongue , like a painful memory that rises unbidden in one 's mind , stubbornly unresolved .
Sacrificing for one 's beliefs is as important as it 's ever been , yet asserting this fact by inflicting us with one hundred sixty minutes of grinding , unredemptive cinema now seems like the worst kind of vanity project .
Beginning with Mean Streets , Judas has loomed large in Scorsese 's work . With Silence , he 's working toward his own Gospel of Judas .
The film is lushly shot by cinematographer Rodrigo Prieto and stocked with indelible supporting turns , including Yōsuke Kubozuka as a tragic Judas figure and Tadanobu Asano as a shrewd translator .
The ultimate strength of Silence may be that it 's a real-time argument between the filmmaker and himself over his own well-documented struggle with belief ...
`` Silence '' comes to us billed as 30 years in the making . Unfortunately , it plays like 30 years in the watching .
Silence resists the pictorialism and sweep of a conventional historical drama , even as it ca n't resist some of the genre 's oldest tropes .
Fervent in its telling and unusually cerebral , Silence is a paragon of integrity from one of modern filmmaking 's most reliable maestros .
Not only a gorgeously photographed epic of historical fiction but of current relevance given the persecution of `` the other '' by terrorists and benighted residents of civilized countries .
Silence considers the brutal , self-lacerating wages of absolute purity , and the myriad ways that even the hardest ideological armor can be pierced as deeply and viciously as flesh .
The film demands to be seen . Ready yourself , choose your moment and do n't make plans for afterward : This film will not leave you alone just because you 've left the cinema .
A gloriously understated , muted production .
A 17th-century priest trying to rescue persecuted Catholics in Japan is brought to a crisis of faith in Martin Scorsese 's somber adaptation of a Shûsaku Endô novel .
With the religious historical drama Silence , Martin Scorsese proves he 's as masterful a filmmaker with men of God as he is with gangsters .
There 's nothing on Scorsese 's CV to suggest he could make a film as serene as `` Silence . ''
Scorsese 's long-awaited Shūsaku Endō adaptation is one of the Raging Bull and Goodfellas director 's greatest achievements .
Sitting in the middle of Silence is a powerful , intelligent , moving , series of thoughts about how religions might change and shift and adapt when they move from country to country , from people to people .
It 's rather less than the sum of its parts , but some of those parts are magnificent .
-LSB- Neeson gives -RSB- a subtle , complex performance , where we are invited to conclude that Ferreira has identified the challenge to be located in the spiritual realm and also on the physical level .
If immaculately realized , `` Silence '' is also an increasingly monotonous , patience-testing slow-burner .
If ever there was a film that was both thought-provoking and deathly dull , it is this one .
Whether you find Martin Scorsese 's Silence a pilgrimage or a penance will depend : this is a demanding film , poised on a fulcrum of belief , which tells of the epic spiritual and physical journey of two Jesuit priests in 17th-century Japan .
Martin Scorsese crafts a versatile , multifaceted work that encourages serious reflection and contemplation .
Garfield and Driver excel as the driven young priests , zealous young idealists who half want to be caught and tortured just so that they can test their faith .
Much of the book 's subtlety survives the translation . And the substance , for anyone with even a passing interest in philosophy and theology , is fascinating , valuable and timely .
Garfield , in particular , offers up career-best work , guiding the audience through his character 's spiritual journey .
A contemplative , hushed tale marked with moments of violent ecstasy .
You can sense -LSB- Scorsese -RSB- working the material over in his mind , as though 25 years of mental pre-production was n't enough to reach any concrete answers , and the film is better for its uncertainty .
Scorsese blends his twin religions of Catholicism and cinema to considerable effect .
Less showy than The Last Temptation Of Christ , more gripping than Kundun , the third part of Scorsese 's unofficial ` religious ' trilogy is beautifully made , staggeringly ambitious and utterly compelling .
It 's a film full of tight close-ups of hands accepting gifts that comfort , inspire and bring succour to their recipients ' souls . That 's how we should receive it .
`` Silence '' is a slowly unfolding , deeply thoughtful film about questioning yourself . About questioning authority . About taking stock of where you 've failed as a human being , and wondering how you can make amends - to yourself , to others , and to God .
With ambition and reach , and often a real dramatic grandeur , Scorsese 's film has addressed the imperial crisis of Christian evangelists with stamina , seriousness and a gusto comparable to David Lean 's .
A taxing film that will not only hold up to multiple viewings , but practically demands them .
has flirted with and danced around the subject in many of his other films ... but of his explicitly religious dramas , specifically including Kundun and The Last Temptation of Christ , this is , by a considerable distance , the most eloquent and coherent .
History has remembered `` Citizen Kane '' and `` Vertigo . '' These were two films not whole heartedly recognized as masterpieces of their time . History now , will remember `` Silence , '' a marvelous and inspiring cinematic experience not to be forgotten .
Silence boasts a visual and emotional complexity that has the effect of being open for all and permitting to none .
Uneven , sometimes repetitive but also powerfully moving and thought-provoking , `` Silence '' is an imperfect movie that 's very hard to shake .
... has a solemn intensity that builds into a cinematic fervor .
Deals explicitly with the pain of doubt , God 's silence in the face of suffering , and apostasy versus martyrdom ; it 's a welcome change of pace , even if it 's not always effectively rendered .
Whatever your faith , this battle is provocative drama philosophically . If oppressors are demanding you renounce your faith , do you go along with it to save lives , not only yours but hundreds or thousands of others ? Or do you die for your beliefs ?
Scorsese has hit the rare heights of Ingmar Bergman and Carl Theodor Dreyer , artists who found in religion a battleground that often left the strongest in tatters . It 's a movie desperately needed at a moment when bluster must yield to self-reflection .
One of the most profound films of Scorsese 's career . It stirs inside and percolates an intelligent internal conversation .

@highlight

Silence ends Martin Scorsese 's decades-long creative quest with a thoughtful , emotionally resonant look at spirituality and human nature that stands among the director 's finest works .