While the film is full of some very cogent arguments , there are major flaws in his case .
High-spirited documentary about the ultimate hypocrisy imaginable . Closeted politicians pushing for anti-gay legislation in the name of `` family values '' .
This is definitely a side of the news that gets very little play in the mainstream media . For that reason alone , this film is worth a look .
It should be relevant to all viewers of political films , but especially meaningful to the gay community .
` Outrage ' makes a convincing argument that legislating while living in the closet is detrimental to everyone .
The examples trotted out in Outrage are so old that if you 're interested in this topic , you read about them on the Internet years ago .
Director Kirby Dick 's most ambitious and accomplished expose yet .
-LSB- A -RSB- comprehensive rundown of the duplicity of some of our leaders and much of our corporate mass media ... howls with rage ...
This is a portrait of how modern politics is still getting it wrong when it comes to gay rights , made worse by the fact that many of the puppet masters behind anti-gay legislation are homosexual themselves .
Dick takes aim after those who are more than happy to legislate your sex life , just so long as it does n't curtail their own .
An inflammatory documentary that artfully skewers its subjects . Sic 'em Kirby !
The result is persuasive but incomplete . Dick is working here as a journalist , and the story is far from fully unfolded . Still , what he proffers will keep you thinking , talking and engaged .
Outrage succeeds as activism , but it excels as a window into certain political psyches .
Clearly an activist piece of filmmaking , but cleverly put together and highly enjoyable ... It does , however , raise some troubling journalistic questions .
-LSB- A -RSB- passionate , engaging , but sometimes irresponsible exposé .
The film 's pretty good about saying why so much in the culture encourages a political life in the closet , either tacitly or directly . But even The Advocate had a problem with calling it a brilliantly orchestrated conspiracy .
The average viewer will be satisfied with the product , even if the film offers hardly any new information . The doc buff will witness a film that ca n't surface above the steady nonfiction output at the art house .
However , when it sticks to its strongest angle -- attacking these people for their endless capacity for self-denial -- `` Outrage '' does pack a significant punch and for this reason alone , it deserves to be seen .
It 's an excellent film that has the potential to stand at a turning point in history and it 's a must-see .
Kirby Dick 's documentary argues that it 's long past time that the many stories that shape closeted gay politicians ' lives and careers be sorted out .
A hugely entertaining , effective doc , and even if no one sees it , it should provide fuel for the fire for years to come .
As always , Dick brings passion and immediacy to what 's essentially a series of talking heads ; his position on the issue is clear and powerfully argued .
There is an undercurrent of anger coursing through Outrage , but the anger is unusually restrained and eloquent .
The media is accused of a vast conspiracy to keep these politicans closeted , and without a shred of evidence . So the drive to name names stops here , while ridiculing the wives caught up in these at times manufactured scandals , as gullible buffoons .
From the film , it seems clear that Washington is full of closeted gays , some self-hating and some merely desperately frightened for their livelihoods . Either way , the winds of generational change are upon us .
A brave , provocative and thoroughly compelling exposé that you 'll be talking about for weeks .
As public officials , do closeted politicians deserve to be outed ? The targets of Kirby Dick 's provocative documentary are branded by their hypocrisy , making them -- in the eyes of those represented here -- fair game .
It 's a film that will cause a lot of talk , but its most compelling aspects are not its most obvious ones .
This is gotcha journalism at its most insistent .
Hypocrisy ? Your call .
It would be nice if the film had less of -LSB- McGreevey -RSB- and even more on some of its lying politicians . And was willing to entertain , at least for a moment , the idea that other motives might be at work than simple , internalized self-hatred .
Outrage is essential viewing -- a film that offers a window into modern politics , and the political obstacles faced by gays and lesbians around the country .
I 'm guessing `` Outrage '' ultimately is meant to continue the discussion about equal rights for gay Americans , and in that sense the film does succeed .
By letting others do the heavy lifting , the filmmaker comes off as more than a little reticent , a quality in tune with the overall tone of his latest .
This indignant and methodical documentary offers a lot of insight into the ideology and psychology of present-day political homophobia .
This film is a muckraking provocation whose time has come .
These polemics have a kind of natural charge to them , but there are glimpses in the movie of something more complex and in a way more interesting - the way closet psychology mixes with political ambition to create a fascinating hybrid of warring desires .
Despite its title , Outrage is calm , riveting , and provocative , taking pride in officials who come out and and taking aim at those who remain closeted .
A crisp , efficient , sometimes petty but often infuriating documentary about alleged gay politicians who actively campaign and vote against gay rights .
After a relatively dry beginning , the film builds in passion and intensity until attaining a stirring cumulative power .
comprised primarily of insinuation , hearsay , and conjecture ... Dick ends up taking on the worse attributes of the people he is , quite openly , judging
A well-documented cautionary tale that should spark broader discussion of the integrity of those making our laws , and the larger implications of living a closeted life .
Outrage more than lives up to its title and should spark vociferous debate .
By Republican-bashing on big topics like gay marriage and AIDS-funding , -LSB- director Kirby -RSB- Dick avoids exploring ideas . Outrage diminishes crucial , non-partisan gay-identity issues of fear , guilt and self-acceptance .
You 'd expect a documentary about closeted gay politicians who hide their sexuality behind virulently antigay voting records to be a diatribe . But Kirby Dick 's furious , deft , revealing film is
humane enough to separate the sinner from the sin .
Outrage is n't after punitive embarrassment , but the gloves definitely come off .
So far , this is one of the best docs in terms of intelligence and craftsmanship this year .
Dick approaches his subject with little of the self-righteous effrontery of Michael Moore or Bill Maher , instead maintaining a modicum of objective distance and even mustering a certain sympathy for both the accuser and the accused .
One can at least partly embrace the concept that outing pols who torpedo gay rights is defensible and still find Dick 's film too frequently a would-be sensationalistic bit of tut-tutting for queer Dems and their politically-connected friends .
Having made This Film Is Not Rated -LRB- censorship -RRB- , Twist of Faith -LRB- sexual abuse -RRB- and now Outrage -LRB- hypocrisy of closeted politicos -RRB- , it 's time to recognize Kirby Sick as a major filmmaker committed to chronicling and fighting socially relevant causes .
The perceptive exploration of the deep-rooted , fundamental problems of a culture preoccupied with the perfect `` American '' brand provides the heart of Outrage .
Auds , regardless of their politics , will find Kirby Dick 's filmentertaining , brisk , visually interesting and perhaps even thrilling .
While never quite managing to be the fully successful onslaught he intends , there is enough here to spark a general debate about the way homosexuality is marginalised thanks to self-deluding and self-serving politicos .
Hypocrites beware : Kirby Dick will have none of your shenanigans .
Thoughtfully persuades , but never shocks .





@highlight

Outrage walks a difficult moral and ethical line -- and not always successfully -- but despite its flaws , it 's a fascinating , provocative look at homosexuality in American politics .