The film was shelved good and hard after its initial release , and it 's not difficult to see why . It 's just a little too close to genuine reality .
Here we are , watching TPTB water the crops with Brawndo EVERY SINGLE DAY and a substantial chunk of the populace actively wondering why the rest of us are freaking out .
The whole film has a drab , somnambulant rhythm . Intentional or not , this is part of its genius .
The film is completely unique and its sci-fi bent is fully realized in a way that some sci-fi films fail to capture .
This demented look at destructive mass consumption barely approaches feature length . Still , Mike Judge dots each appealingly cheap scene with spastic sight gags and offers fiendishly hilarious , frighteningly plausible examples of cultural decay .
If the world is going to hell in any number of handbaskets -- as Judge so acutely demonstrates that it is -- you might as well hitch a ride in his .
Even if some of the gags about dumb people start becoming tiresome , it 's linked to a sensation of discomfort that should make us legitimately worry about the direction we 're headed in .
So-so attempt at revisiting Sleeper . Unfortunately Mike Judge is no Woody Allen , nor is Woody Allen himself nowadays .
You have to love a movie that imagines a dystopic future in which the U.S. President is a former wrestler and porn star named Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho .
I look forward to a time when I can safely laugh at Idiocracy , but that time may not come any time soon .
It 's a movie now , but in ten years it will be a historical documentary ...
Idiocracy is an unabashedly elitist film that includes fart jokes .
An intermittently amusing -- and sometimes lazy -- satire that plays like a so-so episode of Futurama .
Idiocracy 's utter lack of promotion is now something of a minor legend , and it remains perplexing given the film 's obvious charms .
A cautionary , sci-fi comedy which envisions a miserable dystopia half a millenia in the future where humanity has degenerated instead of advanced .
We may look back at this film in 500 years and realize that Mike Judge was better able to predict the future than Arthur C. Clarke did with 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Forget the fact that you 've never heard of this movie . It 's one of the funniest movies of 2006 .
... seems more like ` Selected Scenes from ` Idiocracy '' than it does an actual film . Still , there are some genuine laughs to be had here , and Judge 's vision of a future dominated entirely by morons is memorably bizarre .
-LSB- E -RSB- ven more trenchant , more damning , more -- hell , I 'll say it -- revolutionary than Office Space .
The film stinks .
By refusing to distance itself from its targets , Mike Judge 's brand of satire risks being mistaken for what it 's satirizing .
Trust me , it 's a blast !
A curiosa premissa rende algumas boas piadas , mas , depois de algum tempo , estas acabam se tornando repetitivas e a narrativa perde o ritmo .
Wilson and Rudolph do n't seem very convinced that they 're in a funny movie , either , so why even bother signing on ?
Even if the film contains the single biggest laugh I 've had this year at the movies , Idiocracy is a terribly muddled affair .
The movie is bracing for its bile but ultimately more frustrating than funny .
There 's about 15 minutes ' worth of laughs here ; the problem is that the film is 84 minutes long .
The delivery in Idiocracy is frequently flat , but its vision is dead-on .
Idiocracy ultimately sputters out , managing to go only so far as an engine built on buffoonery without adequate brains can handle .
... each laugh is tempered with the unsettling realization that -LSB- Judge 's -RSB- vision of mankind 's future might not be too far off the mark .
Working on a sprawling canvas , Judge fills the screen with visual jokes , throwaway gags , and incisive commentary on the ubiquity of advertising .
Many people -- at least , a few people -- have noted the dumbing-down of America , but no one until Judge has blamed it on genetics
Seriously , no one gets rednecks , metalheads and morons quite like Judge , who manages here to revel in stupidity while effectively critiquing it .
A couple of good laughs , but mostly a big mess .
Judge has a gift for delivering brutal satire in the trappings of low comedy and for making heroes out of ordinary people whose humanity makes them suspect in a world where every inch of space , including mental , is mediated .
It 's a low-boil affair from the Office Space auteur that wears out its dumb-and-dumbest playbook early on .
Often stingingly funny -- and an undeserving resident of the summer 's - end movie dumping ground .
Hmm , it 's tough to figure out if this is Judge 's joking way of figuring out who 's the more evolved lowlife of the future .
The theatrical release of Mike Judge 's new comedy Idiocracy is one of the most egregious travesties of modern cinema .
Most of these cartoon-like characters could only come from a mind like Mike Judge , who has n't lost his ability to make stupidity both alarming and endearing .
Ow ! My brain !
From start to finish this film is sharp , clever , and downright funny .
Mike Judge 's Idiocracy is absolutely a satire for its time . What Judge is less sure of here than in his previous , perfectly pitched live-action comedy Office Space , is how to build a complete movie around his key ideas .
So puerile and gross that though the movie wants to say something about the dumbing down of America , it winds up not so much commentary as part of the problem .
... consistently entertaining and sporadically hilarious ...

@highlight

Idiocracy delivers the hilarity and biting satire that could only come from Mike Judge .