Should you see this '80s mafia drama ? Fugeddaboudit .
Top cast delivers terrific characterisations , with all three leads showing deep talents , as does Mena Suvari in a small and thankless but important role .
a fuzzy film sporting more bad Brooklyn accents and mob-movie cliches than Knockaround Guys which , all things considered , is hard to do .
A sometimes funny , occasionally maudlin coming-of-age dramedy that wants to be Goodfellas but might have been called Mild in the Streets .
Aggressively derivative .
However authentic and heartfelt this film 's depiction of life on the meaner streets of the Northeast corridor may be , it does n't begin to match The Sopranos ' epic vision of violence , class struggle and upward mobility in a barbarous culture .
Whether it 's read as an exclamation of borough pride or as a set of unwritten laws governing its residents , the movie takes a well-trodden path in chronicling the lives of three Italian American friends , circa 1985 .
If we were playing by mob rules , this movie would get the ` slicer ' treatment for trying to impersonate a Scorsese picture .
Absolutely nothing to recommend the film as anything other than a sagging collection of predictable clichés and brain-numbing boredom .
Capturing Manhattan 's essence is easy . But capturing life inside provincial New York City -- is something that eludes most filmmakers ... And now add Brooklyn Rules to the short list of movies that get it right .
Against all odds , it remains surprisingly watchable .
... Winter 's coming-of-age-in-the-1980s saga is content to rewalk the same mean streets , never ducking into one alley or back room we have n't visited .
Singularly unoriginal , full of clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- s and tough-neighborhood set pieces tied together with GoodFellas-style voice-over narration .
Brooklyn Rules is a watchable flick but it 's also tired and derivative , which is a shame given the talent involved .
Ah , the nostalgic mob drama . No matter the brutality , the blood , or the sheer fear that shape the memory , movies and TV tend to make life in the mob a growth experience .
Years after Federal Hill -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , director Michael Corrente is still doing low-budget Mean Streets knockoffs .
Although yet another set-in-the-80 's coming of age film , it 's a familiar but affecting story .
It all remains as charming and likable as the mutt that Bobby adopts , and the genuine New York locations sure beat Toronto .
Brooklyn Rules has enough heart and personality to freshen what could easily be construed as stale cannoli .
Director Michael Corrente and screenwriter Terence Winter do n't miss a cliché , but they spin them smartly .
Though there 's little original about Brooklyn Rules , it 's an engaging tale of lifelong friends navigating the ` hood , dodging crime , and finding their places in the real world .
Once you get beyond the surface clichés , there 's truth and sincerity in the dialogue and performances .
Vivid work by Alec Baldwin as a brutal Gambino crime family captain is n't enough to justify the sub-Scorsese stylings of Michael Corrente 's Brooklyn Rules .
Though the three friends at the center of the story do n't always look or sound smart , the movie does both .
The friends , the neighborhood , the loyalty , the bloodshed , Alec Baldwin playing a bad-ass wise guy ... feel free to stop me when all this stops sounding familiar .
Director Michael Corrente 's borough-specific details and Sopranos writer Terence Winter 's well-drawn characters alchemize oft-used ingredients into a satisfying meal .
Too many clichés and not enough energy have come along for the ride .
... an entertaining buddy film blessed with sharp , often funny dialogue and solid performances from its principal cast ...
Prinze Jr. , Caan and Ferrara forge such believable bonds of friendship that even though the film they 're in is pure derivation , it becomes enjoyable to watch .
If Winter had an extraordinary youth , it eludes Brooklyn Rules , another generic memory piece in which the now-successful writer takes us on a thinly veiled tour of the burger joints , bowling alleys and faces from his formative grunge years .
How many sophomoric insults can three Brooklyn teens hurl in five minutes ? About 894 .
As a longtime writer on The Sopranos , Terence Winter has steered clear of most of the hoary organized-crime clichés . Instead , he 's poured them all into director Michael Corrente 's anemic urban drama .
This is an enjoyable , well-written , finely acted and strongly directed movie .
The mix of autobiographical texture and authentic mobster minutiae puts it over and then some .
A blatant Scorsese knock-off with a few Godfather and A Bronx Tale flourishes thrown in for good measure .
Edgy and insightful - with the subtle shadings of a watercolor .
A thoughtfully satisfying form of non-mob drama is in store for the more serious filmgoer with the exclusion of Scorsese-like episodes of butchery .
A surprisingly strong feature about lifelong buddies , one taking the high road to college and law school while two others are drawn into the life of wiseguys .



@highlight

Brooklyn Rules ' premise is old hat now , but strong performances from Alec Baldwin and the supporting cast are reasons enough to watch .