This low-budget effort about a struggling , shallow L.A. actress who has nightmare auditions ... stars a sensational Naomi Watts . But she 's basically the only great thing in this highly uneven flick .
No one doubts Naomi Watts is photogenic , but this effort is very hard to sit through . Nearly impossible .
There 's barely any redeeming features to note , including Watts who is just at her worst .
Watts fans will , of course , want to see Ellie Parker regardless of what I or anyone else say about it .
Game for almost anything , Watts displays serious comic chops and is , as always , a delight to watch .
Enjoyable comedy with several laugh-out-loud moments and a terrific performance from Naomi Watts .
O que falta de estilo ao filme é compensado por uma atuação corajosa , despojada e impressionante de Naomi Watts .
If you 're considering a move to L.A. to pursue an acting career , this is your Scared Straight .
Like a sputtering career , Ellie Parker pretty much goes nowhere , and it 's difficult to imagine that it would be of interest to many beyond the Hollywood community .
... the stretch to feature length has n't done the material any favors .
There 's no question that what makes `` Ellie Parker '' work is the continued presence of Naomi Watts , a great film actress whether her film 's budget is $ 187,000 or $ 187 million .
Ellie is n't a particularly likable character , but thanks to Watts she 's an imminently watchable one . In many ways this is a daring , unforgiving performance .
The picture looks cheap and feels stretched .
Eventually the energy of the original short runs out and the movie coasts on fumes , but it remains surprisingly enjoyable for all that .
The premise -- someone trying to inject meaning into a necessarily vacuous existence -- is depressing , but there are moments of vaguely uncomfortable hilarity . The whole endeavor , however , winds up feeling flat and a bit dull .
This is the movie they should show in college acting classes , instead of tapes of Inside the Actors ' Studio .
While the material wears thin , every minute of this film is a tour-de-force performance .
Ellie Parker has little to recommend it other than Watts ' mercurial performance .
Even if Watts makes it almost watchable , the ugly cinematography is too much of an eye strain to endure for such a thin and uninteresting story .
Some films can make the leap from successful short film to a feature movie , and some just come up short .
-LSB- Watts ' -RSB- performance carries this film .
Watts ' performance is brave and jazzy , but Coffey 's riffing lacks lasting impact .
Watts is alternately annoying , sympathetic and hilarious in the title role . She 's always entertaining .
Watts , whose memorable audition scene in Mulholland Drive launched her into stardom , makes a glorious mess of herself playing her karmic opposite .
began as a short at Sundance 2001 and should have remained one
Shot on low-end digital video , the movie looks harsh and the sound is often dodgy , which would n't matter if the material were inherently more interesting .
Too often it has the uncomfortable feel of a too-small sweater - - stretched to capacity , still not covering the territory .
Though Ellie Parker is n't an especially deep film , and Watts ' character can come off a bit whiny and narcissistic -LRB- but hey , come on , she 's an actress ! -RRB- , it is engaging and frequently funny .
If the film had any point beyond the pitfalls of starlet-dom , though , it 's long been forgotten , as the movie descends into a series of acting-class moments .
Naomi Watts is the only explanation for the existence of the student-y digital video feature Ellie Parker
As a spoof , it all feels a bit tedious and thrown-together .
There 's the germ of a comic idea here , but most of the movie consists of acting-exercise skits that ramble on until they croak .
The only reason to see the indulgent , intentionally homemade movie by writer-director Scott Coffey is to be reminded why we are n't actors .
While Coffey occasionally grasps for material to build a feature-length work , it is a truthful , funny testimony to the everyday masquerade of Los Angeles ' pose of bohemian cool .
Ellie 's story is as old as Hollywood , but Coffey brings to it a fresh , frenzied and often painfully raw vision in which Ellie begins to feel that her personality is as fragmented as life in Los Angeles can be .
Naomi Watts delivers a fearless , largely unsympathetic portrayal of the title character as a desperate , unstrung version of herself -LRB- an Australian actress with a knack for dialects -RRB- .
You do n't have to have any actors in your life to get how killingly smart and accurate Ellie Parker is in its depiction of 24/7 navel-gazing , Hollywood-style .
Ellie Parker bounces along on Coffey 's deadpan capture of the no-exit , Hollywood Hills periphery of the movie industry .
A clumsy spoof of Hollywood .
What is pleasant and slight in a short film becomes tedious and insipid when stretched to feature length .
A film has never been so representative of simultaneous reality than this little `` inside '' drama . Naomi Watts also shows us how many things a person can do while driving .
A rare pleasure .
A couple of laughs , a couple of interesting set pieces , a lot of Watts adding to her highlight reel , but when you get right down to it , there 's just nothing else .
Ellie Parker stands as definitive proof of Watts ' quicksilver talent and self-effacing good-sportsmanship .





@highlight

Despite some poignant commentary about struggling actors and Naomi Watts ' inspired performance , Ellie Parker stutters in making the transition from short to feature length .