A kid 's film does n't have to be an all time classic to be watchable - once anyway - for the whole audience . No one in Beverly Hills Chihuahua seems to care enough to bother . And if they do n't care , why should I ?
... ultimately about as enthralling as a low-rent Saturday morning cartoon .
Gosnell gracelessly walks us through cheap , generic talking dog material , while parents everywhere groan silently to themselves .
An appealing film for dog lovers and those seeking escapist entertainment .
It 's hugely silly , but peppy enough to be tolerable . What grates most are the patronising racial stereotypes : the dirty Mexican dogs are just waiting to be rescued by LA ladies and given a good bath .
Younger audiences will adore this canine caper , though grown-ups might feel its one joke is stretched too far .
In a triumph of animal wrangling and CGI tinkering , the canine cast turn in better performances than some of the humans .
This piece of egregious silliness from Disney - featuring live-action canines with CGI moving mouths - is n't quite as awful as it sounds .
Not that anybody would expect perfection from a film called Beverly Hills Chihuahua , but the chewed bone of a story makes it all mutts ado about nothing .
A state-of-the-art kid-pleaser for sure , but recession-weary parents will probably find it a mite obnoxious .
This live-action Disney comedy is the kind of family film which is aimed not so much at parents , as small children and their goldfish , as long as the goldfish do not have too long an attention span .
In truth , this good-natured Disney comedy is an engaging romp .
Only watch this if you adore seeing dogs wearing shades .
It 's put across with enough brio to excuse the inherent stupidity of the premise .
You want to cringe as the picture begins , but you end up quite enjoying it .
Watchable , largely average family movie , enlivened by decent performances and the occasionally surreal , off-the-wall moment .
Silly beyond reason , it somehow manages to win us over despite our doubts , and by the end we 're ashamed that we ca n't stop giggling .
What does n't make sense is that while the doggies can follow human speech , the humans do n't get pooch talk , it 's all Yap-Yapanese .
It kind of reaffirmed a lot of cultural stereotypes .
It 's cute and sweet and funny .
... it 's a lapdog of a script , all gussied up . And the Beverly Hills scenes made me want to arf .
The terminally cutesy Chihuahua is just another demonstratively derivative kids ' narrative that barks up the wrong creative tree ... -LSB- a -RSB- forgettable fleabag farce ...
A single moment of magical realism shows the Babe-that-might-have-been , very charitably speaking , had the makers of this doggie adventure-comedy chosen a more daring and creative route ...
What is more confusing , the spelling of the word Chihuahua or how a movie this dull has been number one at the box office two weekends in a row ?
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is by no means a good movie , but as plain-old bad ones go , it 's as generic and inoffensive as they come .
... a sort of live-action hybrid of Lady and the Tramp and Saludos Amigos ...
Awwww , chihuahua !
Watch some rich folks with unbelievably pampered pets in an LA enclave make money for studio executives . What would be ` depressing ' is if the ` real ' world out there ever made the sight of clothed and bejewelled lapdogs talking unfunny , right ?
It 's a happy report that the preview 's bark is far worse than the movie 's bite . There is a Chihuahua brigade -LRB- fronted by Placido Domingo , no less -RRB- , but thankfully no musical numbers . It 's a modestly charming old-dog family film with few new tricks .
A doggone good movie for kids
Tremendously routine , in a way that an adventure film about talking Chihuahuas should not be .
In less enlightened times those responsible for making animals talk would have been burnt at the stake as sorcerers . That 's why those times were known as ` the good old days . '
Kids movies over the past few years have proven they can be just as good as grown up films -LRB- WALL * E -RRB- , but this one brings us back to the drawing board .
a shallow cinematic shill at best .
For the seven year olds out there , this is a perfectly fun movie and there 's nothing that a cranky film critic can say to sour the experience .
Even after a slow start , this silly kiddie flick has a little more pep than you might expect . It 's no doggie classic , but neither does it deserve a pooper scooper .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is n't terrible . OK , it 's kind of terrible , but it 's a talking-dog movie , and anyone who goes to a talking-dog movie without being prepared to step in poop deserves to ruin his shoes .
The script 's one original idea , a lost Aztec city populated solely by militant chihuahuas , comes too late to save this dog of a movie .
Delgado -LRB- voiced by Andy Garcia -RRB- , a reluctantly heroic German Shepherd , definitely deserves a movie of his own ! Eat your heart out , Rin Tin Tin .
Why ?
In a year light on family films , this may be a good bet . Exciting adventure , admirable messages , and good , clean fun -- but be warned , its bite is worse than its bark !
Paris Hilton and lower-level office workers who own calendars featuring Weimaraners wearing hats will love it .
If celebrity purebred Tinkerbell sees this canine consciousness-raiser , there could be a putsch in Paris Hilton 's purse .
The real stars of this film are the dogs . The humans were lackluster in comparison . But the reality is that you ca n't beat talking dogs on the cuteness meter .
-LSB- During the credits -RSB- Disney warns people to be careful when picking a dog and that all dogs deserve a good home . If only they were that concerned about their movie .
It 's hard to go wrong with a movie full of talking dogs . But the makers of Beverly Hills Chihuahua sure try .
For most of Beverly Hills Chihuahua , all I could think about was Drew Barrymore . What might she have been up to while she recited her lines for Chloe , the spoiled yet sad-looking live-action Chihuahua that speaks in her voice .
Disney is now content with the likes of the wholly inoffensive , uninventive Beverly Hills Chihuahua , whose canine antics will divert undemanding youngsters and adults who believe the simple absence of profanity , sex and violence counts as a virtue .
The good news : Beverly Hills Chihuahua is not the apocalypse-signaling , cultural abomination its trailers make it out to be . The bad news : That 's pretty much the best thing that can be said about it .
What appeared to have all the potential of a so-bad-it 's - fun masterpiece turned out to just be an average friendly enough kid 's flick that often wanders the deserts of Mexico without much direction .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua is hardly Best in Show when it comes to Disney dog movies .
In the words of another famous talking dog , Beverly Hills Chihuahua looks like something for me to poop on .
This being Disney , wholesome character-building messages abound , but for once they 're freshly spun as cautions against stereotyping both ethnic and canine .
A Lady and the Tramp for the Taco Bell set , Beverly Hills Chihuahua fits nicely into the long line of Disney dog movies designed to delight children and animal lovers .
Despite its superficial lip-service to self-actualization/realization , there has to be more to life than what Beverly Hills Chihuahua is putting out there , which is fit for neither man nor beast .
A live-action movie with a boatload of cute pooches that , despite bewitching effects and a charming voice cast , buries its sentiment in a too-tangled tale .
The film is Beverly Hills Chihuahua . The audience is the fire hydrant .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua approaches but never quite achieves a truly spectacular level of absurdity .
If Chihuahua is no Babe or Charlotte 's Web , at least it 's in the Alvin and the Chipmunks ballpark . Just remember nobody went to the pet store and grabbed a chipmunk on the way home after that one .
It 's still only October , but I 'll go ahead and say it : Beverly Hills Chihuahua is the best film of 2008 starring a purse dog .
Depending on your tolerance for talking Chihuahuas , this live-action comic offering from Disney could make for a fun family night out .
Chihuahua turns out to be a pretty good family comedy that is more than the sum of its effects .
Most movies in the talking-dog genre -- yes , unfortunately , there are enough of them to be a genre -- feature dogs doing stand-up shtick . But the pooches in Beverly Hill Chihuahua have character , and so does the movie .
Aside from some obvious racial stereotypes and voices that occasionally stray into Frito Bandito territory , Chihuahua has charm to spare for the adults , while offering plenty to keep young pups enthralled .
Ticket buyers older than 8 should simply close their eyes and ponder a more stimulating concept : Beverly Hills Cujo .
If I were six , maybe even seven , I think I would have adored Walt Disney Picture 's talking dog comedy Beverly Hills Chihuahua .
As depressing as it is to find so many gifted artists reduced to making a talking-dog picture , Beverly Hills Chihuahua turns out to be genuinely sweet .
This anthropomorphic tale will likely please the kiddies , and the animal trainers and vocal talent are to be commended , but anyone over the age of twelve will be bored .
some will think this is a cute funny movie , and the rest of us will go running and screaming from the theater begging God to take away our eyesight so we never have to see it again
A welcome surprise .
I spent a lot of time in the early scenes wondering how much Jamie Lee Curtis had to be paid to go on cooing in a demented way as Viv , Chloe 's besotted owner .
The predictable story may be enough to keep dog-obsessed children entertained , assuming they do n't get distressed by the pups-in-peril aspects , but for adults it 's only sporadically entertaining .
Quite sweet .
The good news is that `` Beverly Hills Chihuahua '' is not the 90-minute-long ethnic joke that the incessant trailers have been promising for the last few months . The bad news is that it is n't much of anything else either .
Like most recent Disney movies , this one has way too much going on in it , as if the producers were assuaging their distrust of the premise with meandering subplots and unnecessary characters .
Portraying Mexico as a breeding ground for criminal activity , imagining the local police as incompetent fools , and encouraging lines such as `` hold your tacos ! , '' the movie does n't exactly make a strong case for racial harmony .
Could Cheech Marin ever have predicted that he would once again appear in a movie that features his signature song , `` Low Rider , '' and that it would be such a dog ?
An unfunny , uninventive live-action variation on animated Disney animal adventures Lady and the Tramp , Oliver and Company and The Aristocats .
Once it gets the dumb ` Talk to the paw ! ' jokes out of its system , it 's actually a reasonably charming , mostly benign kids ' movie that adults can watch without their heads exploding .
At first glance , it seems like just another ` cute ' movie where we see life through the eyes of an animal . Your first glance would actually be pretty accurate but as far as this genre goes , the kids should love it and adults wo n't need to keep checking the
Sublimely silly and oddly poignant , Beverly Hills Chihuahua -- that 's right , the one with the talking canines -- is Lady and the Tramp for lap dogs , Roots for pooches , Legally Blonde told from Bruiser 's point of view .
For kids who like dogs and grown-ups who do n't mind a movie filled with pro-adopt-a-shelter-dog messages , it could theoretically be worse .
A painfully unfunny , virtually charmless talking-animals pic . What did the lovely Jamie Lee Curtis see in this project that she felt warranted coming out of semi-retirement for ?
Compared to the best doggie flicks , it may be the runt of the litter , but like most mutts it grows on you .
A surprise charmer that mixes family-friendly slapstick with shrewd adult humor .
Like CNN , the film assumes it needs nothing more than our unlimited interest in the drama of a white female gone missing in a foreign country .
Sure , it 's essentially Legally Blonde told from a dog 's perspective , down to Chloe 's newfound self-awareness , but darned if it is n't awfully cute .
Upbeat talking-animal adventure is fun for kids .
You could say Beverly Hills Chihuahua is Lady and the Tramp meets Viva Zapata ! , but seriously , I 've seen zestier attitude in a Purina commercial .
While CGI works its ventriloquism on the doggy mandibles , it neglects the human contingent , who are left to fend for themselves amid the manipulated menagerie .
While it does n't work particularly well on any of those levels , it is a colourful addition to the always popular talking dog genre .
The story 's a bit dog-eared , but the voice cast adds plenty of energetic bite .
Actually better than its premise and its trailer might lead you to expect .
It 's cute alright , with wild ideas , funny lines and a central premise that reinforces loyalty and being true to yourself . Beyond the obvious frivolity




@highlight

Despite hitting some sweet notes , Beverly Hills Chihuahua is little more than disposable family entertainment .