It 's a unique work of disturbing character poetry , though it may be a little too disturbing .
Darkly funny , haunting , and perhaps hopeful ... there 's a keen sense of absurdism -LRB- and in Agnès Godard 's brilliant photography a sort of surrealist realism , if there is such a thing -RRB- in the circumstances . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Home is the engaging , darkly funny , surreal story of what happens when people who have thrived by keeping civilization at a safe distance suddenly find themselves pushed right back into its headlights .
What happens would not make sense in many households , but in this one , it represents a certain continuity , and confirms deep currents we sensed almost from the first .
This suburban horror tale of a family 's disintegration once modern life begins encroaching is reminiscent of such films as `` The Cement Garden '' ...
Moving from the richly filled , quiet life of Marthe and her clan to the hell that the road brings , the story ... has a unique arc and is a true family tragedy .
Gradually the movie turns into an ironic assault on the inconvenient nature of civilization 's conveniences .
Though the cautionary symbolism is clear here , the committee-written film -LRB- there were five scribes including Meier -RRB- , smartly keeps its message quotient in check .
A surrealistic look at a family thrown onto the chopping block of modern technology .
This original but overlong fable about a family menaced by industrial progress captures fears about a planet out of control .
Eases down the road from an intimate family portrait to a disturbing environmental-disaster fable with a harrowing credibility that has more depth than most apocalypses .
Working with all-star DP Agnès Godard , Meier effectively communicates the sense of upended privacy .
The performers manage to overcome Meier 's schematic framework-too `` modern-day fairy tale '' for its own good-though the director clearly knows which collaborators and elements to enlist for game-raising purposes .
Filmmaker Meier takes a clever look at family life by placing the characters in a surreal location and then twisting things outrageously
Director Ursula Meier generally distinguishes her feature debut by not pushing elements to melodramatic or farcical extremes .
It 's a nightmare metaphor for the horrors of the modern world , but will seem like everyday reality to anyone living around Heathrow or any motorway .
A kind of anti-road movie , the first half is a genial rural snapshot but , when that bypass opens , the wheels come off and things take a turn for the surreal and boring .
A deeply disconcerting provocation about the future of civilisation : a powerfully performed vision of an insignificant humanity .
A first film of laudable ambition and Meier 's directorial confidence suggests promise for the future .
It would have been more effective if Meier had exercised less restraint and allowed her characters to spin out of control .
The acting 's superb , the premise intriguing , but it 's hard to have sympathy for the heroine 's stubbornness .
Sometimes eerie , at other times playful and witty , it explores themes of modernity and primitivism without ever being heavy-handed . And as a portrait of a family under siege , it 's as unsettling as it is sensual .
Prepare for this one to be rattling around the grey matter long after leaving the cinema . An auteur is born .
Ursula Meier 's Home is one of the strangest horror films of recent years , a real get under the skin movie .
Meier handles the tone-shifts with admirable assurance in this sweepingly shot fable .
A moving affair , presenting a family unit in all its messy , loving wonder , and the surreality of the situation escalates inexorably into something quietly horrifying . Beautifully shot and played , Home is something of a gem .
Home is actually less a road movie than the domestic-invasion movie taken to its sick conclusion .
An enigmatic and intriguing little tale with a flavour of the paranoia once found in the Roman Polanski classic Repulsion .
In showing a family 's self-destructive intransigence -LRB- or is it self-preserving cohesion ? -RRB- , Ursula Meier unravels a modern fable in which the forces of conservatism and change pass each other by .
The intimacy between Harden 's poetess mother and her wistful and willful daughter is palpable and the film 's strongest moments owe much to their chemistry .
An absorbing , inspirational and often heartwarming drama with radiant , captivating performances by Marcia Gay Harden and her real-life daughter , Eulala Scheel .
Using cinema as self-therapy might be a selfish way to treat audiences , but Harden and Scheel 's chemistry makes the mother-daughter dynamic universal .
An ironically titled , simultaneously lyrical and brutal window into cancer as a complex life altering experience , and the ordeal , not of facing death , but rather confronting life as a disfigured and scorned cancer survivor .
A very clever and creative film that probes on family solidarity , change , the toxic residues of a car culture , and the physical , psychological and spiritual effects of noise pollution .
Home is finally hopeful in its view of familial bonds holding together as the characters are forced to face the far from idealized world they are inescapably a part of .

@highlight

Disconcerting and sometimes eerie , this enigmatic French film is an assured directorial debut .