Denis is one of cinema 's greatest narrative poets , and The Intruder , the story of an adventurer , is her most adventurous cinematic poem .
A film that 's so recondite , it 's barely there .
yet another meandering piece of existentialism , signifying nothing except for what you 're willing to project onto it .
It 's one of those films where it 's best to go with its maddening elegiac but elusive flow and let whatever comes to you be enough .
While it may take a few viewings to sort the details out , much about L'Intrus lingers , shimmering quietly in the memory .
... the emotions and wishes and fears of the human animal thrown large on the screen in primal , lush images .
This is self-consciously intricate , but even if the storyline occasionally confuses , it 's impossible not to admire Agnès Godard 's glorious photography and the atmospheric soundtrack .
An interior epic with epic exteriors , a film with very little dialogue , where the pictures -LRB- photographed by the great Agnès Godard -RRB- , actors and the juxtaposition of both tell the story .
Using very little dialogue , -LSB- Denis -RSB- focuses on casting a lingering , physically enticing spell .
Visually ravishing and all-but-impenetrable .
Never has Denis demanded so much from audiences as with this shimmering enigma , at once intimate and epic , but it 's worth the effort and then some .
A beautiful , complex work that challenges viewers to mentally sift interior and exterior journeys .
Denis ' film -- which may be her most intricately constructed and intensely beautiful to date -- is one that transcends words and stories , a movie to be felt rather than rationalized .
... an aesthetic mystery that requires at least two viewings to fully figure out . Luckily , the film is fun along the way .
Denis composes a majestic dream book of shots and sequences .
... the film is surprisingly satisfying and meaningful .
-LSB- S -RSB- hould you see The Intruder ? Yes -- but only if you 're willing to ignore bothersome concerns about narrative and let the poetic images take over your mind .
Characteristically impressionistic , French director Claire Denis ' latest meditation is simultaneously baffling and beautiful , and definitely not for everyone .
The Intruder ... is exhilarating and exhausting , the kind of picture you do n't bounce back from immediately .
Claire Denis 's magnificent enigma of a film explores the troubled soul of a brooding loner who travels halfway around the world to begin a new life .
Exciting , vital cinema that pushes the boundaries of what movies can do . It 's a masterpiece .
This mysterious object may be Denis 's most gorgeous film -LRB- which is saying something -RRB- , but more than that , it 's a fearless filmmaker 's boldest experiment yet , a direct line from her unconscious to yours .
Invisible emotional and psychological tendons are the ties that keep the film from completely dispersing into non-sequential incoherence .
Seductive and emotionally charged but maddeningly elusive .
... a strange and beautiful work , but it does n't quite cohere .
It 's intended to puzzle us -- and sure , the little puzzles peppered throughout the film are fine . It 's the grand non-sequiturs that are distracting .




@highlight

The impressionistic narrative may confound the viewer , but Denis crafts wonderfully poetic , dreamlike imagery .