Sleepover objectifies early teenage girls in a manner that 's disagreeable and indelicate at best , cheap and vulgar at worst .
Not for younger kids , despite its PG rating .
Had me near tears . Not good tears , but painful tears .
How many 14-year-old girls do you know who would set up a blind date with a grown-up over the Internet ? -LRB- Yeah , I found this creepy too . -RRB-
Approaching Sleepover with any sort of sensitivity or intelligence is an act of extreme masochism .
There 's not a scene that does n't feel as if we 've been there before .
Thanks to a few wacky set pieces , it 's not quite as excruciating as it could have been .
Generation X-ers continue to feel superior about their teen films ... adding intelligence & darkness can make a generic teen romp into a rewatchable touchstone . Not Sleepover .
Suffers from heavy-handedness , obvious plotting , and a basic dearth of wit .
... Sleepover '' will have you snoring in no time .
` This is excruciating , ' Stacie tells Liz , which could be said about all of this charmless comedy .
A less-than-average take on teen life that 's been done better . This year , in fact .
... some may become rather drowsy at this Sleepover ... yet another anemic manufactured teen flick ... the cheesy sentiment only lasts as long as the aftertaste of a fried Twinkie
With a derivative , disturbing script that encompasses almost every coarse adolescent comedy cliche and encourages outright lying and deception , it 's a lame , tasteless yawn .
Nussbaum 's attempt to capture the ` tween zeitgeist fails : The Spice Girls-infused soundtrack is dated , and the feel-good progressiveness forced .
What begins as a simple sleepover turns into the adventure of their lives .
A film aimed to entertain 7 to 12 year old girls and no one else .
A terrible film .
Not only a bad flick , but a flick with a bad message .
We want stomach butterflies , but all we get are soda bubbles .
It may be true that all 14-year-olds desire to be older and strive to appear so , but exploring those wishes and dreams in such a superficial , coarse and insensitive way as this movie does is neither responsible nor good entertainment for anyone of any age
A cutesy soufflé that 'll come and go faster than you can say ... now what 's the local kiddie lingo ?
Not overwhelmingly original or funny .
Just when the big screen could use an injection of frothy , giggly girl power -- all in the name of a covert feminist message , of course -- Sleepover squanders that promise with a blah story and even bigger bummer of a take-home message .
Joe Nussbaum and Elisa Bell 's bland teen comedy is a real snooze .
Fairly standard tween-oriented fare .
Sex and the City for 9-year-olds .
Pleasantly pixilated , if mildly alarming .
A good-hearted ` tween comedy hampered by uneven direction and a misguided plot twist .
If you 're a 13-year-old girl , you 're the target audience for Sleepover ... If you 're just a few years on either side of the tweeners , you can probably forget about it .
If the pre-adolescents in your life do n't have anything better to do than watch this movie , maybe the time has come to teach them hopscotch .
A complete piffle .
There 's little in the movie to like , either for tween girls or the unlucky parents who accompany them .
If ever a movie could be charged with imperiling the morals of a minor , it 's probably Sleepover .
A lazy attempt to snare some preadolescent allowance money , Sleepover earns little more than a few bored yawns .
There 's a whole lotta stealin ' , lyin ' and misbehavin ' going on , but not a lot of genuine entertainment , or much fun .
Never comes close to living up to its slight potential .
Strictly for the target audience .
Another cynical attempt to separate young girls from their allowances .
Bright and funny , thanks to Elisa Bell 's insightful , delightful script and the bubbly performances from the film 's young stars .
A how-to guide for achieving shallow and dubious goals .
The movie is uneven , but it has scored well during previews , and there 's a reason : Sleepover fills a niche-audience void .
The makers of Sleepover have read the ` tweeners film plot handbook and adhere to it closely .
The film has a distinct been-there-done-that quality to it .
A waste of a hard-earned allowance .
This is the kind of movie a young girl can take and make her own , and in a world full of pandering entertainment , that 's something special .
This noxious alleged comedy contains few if any laughs and is so poorly edited that it appears to have been assembled by chimps working in the dark .
A lame and labored comedy .
The multiplexes have n't been jammed with this many repetitively single-minded portrayals of young people since the gangsta craze of the early 1990s .
Sleepover reveals the sad and meaningless goals of some adolescent girls in suburban America who desperately want to be seen as winners .
The real house rule for this film is : No one over the age of 14 should see this movie .
Sleepover is just the latest in a string of teen flicks that suggest to the female population that the keys to happiness are popularity and a cute boyfriend .
Sleepover is as corny as Kansas in the fall .
Mediocre teen comedy .
The characters in this Sleepover should be grounded
As always , there are plenty of good movies to take the girls to . There 's no need to resort to this .
-LSB- An -RSB- atrocious misadventure in teen self-absorption ...
For all of the fantasy elements that might make an adult uneasy , Sleepover empowers its 14-year-olds and comes through with a Cinderella story ...
A skillfully made teen comedy with such an endearing sensibility that it 's fun even for those old enough to be the grandparents of its stars .
The movie 's irresponsible portrayal of extremely risky and destructive behavior and its distorted notion of grrrl power make it truly disturbing .
A banal , relatively innocent comedy aimed at ` tween girls .
How young do you have to be before you want to be older ? With this wispy pubescent comedy , Hollywood has come up with a number : 14 .
Fills the bill for a breezy summer escape .
-LSB- Young viewers -RSB- may overlook the contrived situations and the awful acting , which consists mainly of frozen grins . Nobody else will .
Perky and playful , even if it is n't a side-splitter .
A snooze .
Grown up out of the Spy Kids franchise , awkwardly charming Alexa Vega has run smack into tweens heck .
Does n't anyone from The Daily Show do anything worthwhile on his down time ?
The filmmakers seem to think the audience they covet consists entirely of dumb , shallow kids who 'll buy anything they 're told is cool .
Not much fun even for this fan of Alexa Vega from Spy Kids .
First - time director Joe Nussbaum keeps it all buzzing along at such a clip that if one bit falls flat , the next one kicks the film back into gear .
The movie is n't trying to be anything other than a breezy romp , and on that level , it succeeds .
Too silly for teens who are old enough to drive and too boy-centric for girls still in grade school , the comedy is predictable but cute .
Screenwriter Elisa Bell attempts to modernize the proceedings by dropping in Valley-girl lingo that only comes off as archaic .
Unlikely to win much of a following beyond its pubescent target audience .
Shamelessly predictable , morally questionable , Sleepover will quickly induce drowsiness in anyone over age 12 .
Unless you 're an extremely undiscriminating 14-year-old girl , sleeping through Sleepover is the only way to escape unscathed .
Might prove a popular draw at slumber parties six months from now , but even its target audience should find it a snoozer on the big screen .
I 'd say we 're looking at the Gigli of ` tween flicks in terms of box-office . At best , it 's likely to be the little movie that died of indifference .
Sleepover will do for tween girls what Max Keeble 's Big Move did for prepubescent boys : get them beat up at school .
makes you want to be a teenager all over again
Sour patch of candy-coated crud .
The latest example of how Hollywood can strip a halfway decent idea of any originality by saddling it with tedious stereotypes & the false solutions for young girls ' problems .
Every theater in America should be banned from selling tickets for Sleepover to any person over the age of 14 .
Essentially sleepwalks its way through a strictly by-the-numbers premise .
Even by the notoriously flexible standards of bubblegum teen pics , Sleepover comes off as wildly unbelievable and often astonishingly silly .
It 's cookie cutter fluff , but it 's good fluff .
A quality , albeit frothy , teen flick destined to charm its target audience , and maybe even some grown-ups , as well .












@highlight

` Tween girls will enjoy this sugar coated fluff , but others will find Sleepover a snooze .