... the film is at its best as it begins to explore the direction in which he travelled .
Even those who dismiss Burden 's art can still admire this straightforward documentary that chronicles his life and career
Burden does a sterling job .
Burden may be light on art history , but it does suggest the transformation of the artist 's work from the body confined to the spirit released and taking flight .
`` Burden '' is brilliantly informative and so utterly engrossing .
Was he brilliant , or crazy , or maybe some of both ? One thing is certain from watching `` Burden '' -- he was definitely not cut from the same cloth as most people .
The filmmakers are concerned more with career trajectory than personal history , and though they do n't sugarcoat the bouts of troubling behavior , their affection for Burden is evident .
This engrossing documentary profile of Los Angeles artist Chris Burden , who died in 2015 , focuses mainly on his notorious performance pieces .
An epic , often funny testament to creative fearlessness .
` Burden ' gave me my first exposure to Chris Burden 's artistic accomplishments . While shocked by some of his disturbing early work , I am now a fan of his incredible art installations .
-LSB- An -RSB- informative biographical piece .
This inquisitive , textured documentary pairs his drug-addled youth with the most controversial era of his career but wisely avoids hagiography by refusing to make value judgments regarding his best work .
The Seventies footage is electrifying . But what makes this documentary special is that it does n't put its subject on a pedestal .
It is a little reticent about his private life - but a persuasive , stimulating work .
Careful not to deify the man , Marrinan and Dewey balance their clear love of their subject with a sobriety that elevates it beyond the usual artist-doc hagiography .
The performance artist , sculptor and Seventies counter-cultural figure Chris Burden is the subject of this fascinating documentary that manages , somehow , to create a sympathetic portrait of an often -LRB- on this evidence anyway -RRB- unsympathetic artist .
The film manages to strike a good balance between hero-worship and honest criticism without ever sounding disingenuous .
A consistently fascinating documentary .
There 's clear admiration for the artist in Burden , but it 's not a hagiography .
The archive footage is fascinating , as are Burden 's reticent insights into art posing questions without necessarily having a purpose .
True , discussions of art tend to be subjective and open-ended . But these works were made to be debated with a passion that is sometimes lacking here .
An oddly charming documentary about his interwoven , sometimes violent , life and art .
-LSB- An -RSB- engaging if straightforward doc , which catches up with Burden before his death in 2015 to uncover why he went to such extreme lengths in the name of art .
Burden 's change of medium ... goes underexplored . The man himself , though , is excellent company ...
Despite -LRB- or even partly because of -RRB- that diffident air , a portrait of the artist emerges that 's complex , somewhat mysterious , but ultimately quite winning .
What makes this work as cinema is that Burden 's creations have such visual power . The artist may be gone but , on the screen , he lives forever .
The film dispenses with sensationalism , engaging with Chris Burden 's most notorious work on its own terms .
The filmmakers keep things simple and straightforward , focusing on Burden 's work and leaving it to you to see his relevance and influence today , from Jackass stunts to the nauseating `` social experiments '' by YouTubers like Coby Persin .
Even for viewers who know much more about Burden than that thing with the rifle , it 's almost certain to trigger a hunger for more .
Though short on personal insights that might explain Burden 's late-life shift toward family-friendly tourist fodder ... the filmmakers tacitly argue that when life and art so closely intertwine , the works speak for themselves .
You 'll walk out with a whole new respect for one of contemporary art 's true s -- disturbers .
Directors Timothy Marrinan and Richard Dewey approach his work with precisely the right mixture of skepticism and reverence .
At first , no one would ever connect this placid , agreeable work with the madman who did Shoot , but it 's a testament to Marrinan and Dewey that this film gets us there .

@highlight

Burden is no groundbreaker , but its straightforward approach allows the eccentric artists ' work to speak for itself , warts and all .