We , the real-life audience , are as sick as the movie 's fictional viral audience if we reward the studio behind Untraceable with our dollars .
For all the would-be with-it cyber/techno-speak , strip that all away , and Gregory Hoblit 's film is completely stale and cliched thriller nonsense .
Untraceable is a thriller with a heavy moral compass which shines a bright light on internet ethics .
Untraceable boasts a respected director -LRB- Gregory Hoblit of Fracture and Primal Fear -RRB- , and a popular movie star -LRB- Diane Lane -RRB- but it 's still about people getting tortured to death .
Untraceable is prototype Internet conspiracy drivel , with a hackneyed plot years too late and a simple premise of good cops and innocents against sickos .
Cookie cutter police procedural with a Hostel tinge .
Neither terrifying nor inspiring .
While certainly compelling in terms of drawing you into the story , Untraceable has a number of nagging narrative flaws .
If you are n't a fan of scary thrillers , you 're going to want to give this one a wide berth . But if you 're aching for your next dose of suspense drama adrenaline , Untraceable may just do the trick .
Previsível e desinteressante , tenta contornar a trama clichê com cenas que investem na violência gráfica , mas sem sucesso .
Bah ! What a lame-o thriller .
Untraceable will have steam for a little while and then it is just going to die down and become the $ 5.99 movie at Walmart .
... a generic , garden-variety thriller that 's almost entirely lacking in genuine thrills or surprises ...
Neither terrible nor memorable , Untraceable is the sort of movie that lives up to its name % u2013 within an hour of seeing it , memories of it will vanish without a trace .
The movie 's run of the mill stuff - fairly entertaining but not particularly inventive - with the standard twists and turns . Yet another film featuring a cute but horrific serial killer fixated on a beautiful and intelligent female law officer .
Part of the problem with `` Untraceable '' is the identity of the killer behind the Web site is revealed way too early , thus taking most of the mystery out of the movie .
Creepy , suspenseful cyber-thriller about downloading death , hacker homicide , and a baby-faced computer geek wielding a mouse as a deadly weapon .
-LSB- T -RSB- he honkingly stupid script is the kind that inspires Mystery Science Theater call-and-response .
What is ultimately more disturbing than the premise itself is the way director Gregory Hoblit injects a sensational voyeuristic element to the proceedings . I felt as though I needed a good wash after watching .
Even if you take the film 's moral lesson at face value , the overkill is discouraging , and not very instructive .
Lane is an imaginative actress , every bit as good as Jodie Foster , and the film is clothed in a dark and chilly atmosphere that Hoblit constructs with some skill .
Some viewers might find the Hostel-style splatter hard to stomach while , for a smart cop , Lane sure does some dumb things .
The problem with Hollywood films condemning the public appetite for torture is that they frequently pander to it , and this is a very lurid and unsavoury example .
Very unpleasant , though skilfully put together by director Gregory Hoblit and acted with beyond-the-call empathy by Ms Lane .
This new variation on the theme is n't bad , in a gruesome and horrible way , and features a strong performance from Diane Lane as an FBI agent .
On the surface the film is a solid thriller , but there 's more thought here than in the average serial killer flick .
Very enjoyable as a ` race against time ' thriller and Lane is great as the weary but determined lead . It 's just a shame that Untraceable 's message is delivered in such a ham-fisted , hypocritical way .
In keeping with the title , this Silence Of The Lambs wannabe contains not a trace of originality , but should appeal to those who like their thrillers with a side order of gore .
Feels as if it 's been patched together using ` auto-fill ' screenwriting software .
`` It 's a jungle in there ! '' sighs Hanks as he counts the millions visiting the movie 's kill-view website . But for all its scaremongering , Untraceable is best viewed as an above-average thriller with a tech-savvy hook .
Pokes fun of a particularly dark hue at those emotionally stunted netheads who are enjoying a Second Life when they have n't even had a first one .
You know something ai n't kosher when a movie purporting to offer a critique of sadistic voyeurism opens with a hand-rubbing scene of kitten abuse .
Untraceable is nothing more than a paint-by-numbers suspense thriller undeserving of your mental bandwidth .
A competent suspenser , helped by the always-dependable Diane Lane , but it suffers by following the modern thriller playbook to the letter .
Even though this film strains to be another Silence of the Lambs -LRB- tormented heroine chases nasty killer -RRB- , it 's still oddly involving .
Enjoyable thriller , enlivened by a decent script , impressive direction and strong performances from Diane Lane and Colin Hanks .
a. . . po-faced affair , pretending to be above all the sensationalism and depravity that it exploits , as though Hoblit and co. are somehow themselves immune from their killer 's obsession with viewing figures .
Exploits the very trend it condemns .
While it would be unfair to say there are n't moments of reasonable suspense , playing off our natural aversion to people being tortured does not constitute good filmmaking .
Here 's an interesting concept that could have been so much more . And its de-volution is n't `` Untraceable '' % u2013 you can watch it dissolve after the solid setup .
This silly cyber-thriller dies a quick death , whether or not you log on .
-LSB- T -RSB- he makers of Untraceable have come up with an effective solution to the problem of Internet piracy : Make films that nobody would want to pirate .
The movie flirts with snuff-film torture porn , then has the cast-iron nerve to segue into preachy tut-tutting about what a society of voyeurs we are .
Takes the two most cliched types of serial killer movie and tries to fuse them together to create a spark of something original - it does n't work
I would n't spend my hard earned money on something that insults my intelligence this much .
`` Untraceable '' certainly is n't unwatchable , but it is a bit unbelievable , rather predictable and more than a little bit gruesome -LRB- - able ? -RRB-
Untraceable ? Unappetizing is more like it - or perhaps unrealistic , unconvincing and/or unexciting .
The movie equivalent of a clueless old person ranting about the Internet .
Courageous Diane Lane plays a real woman without soft lighting , makeup , a hairdresser , or fancy clothes .
Untraceable is a movie whose potential was tossed aside for the conventional trappings of the serial-killer genre .
Untraceable ? You 'll only wish it was .
Just a bland crime movie that puts too much faith in an overbaked concept .
Geeky , gruesome and repugnant .
Imagine Hostel with a CSI twist and done for the Oxygen network crowd , and you 'll have an idea of what Untraceable is like .
Boring , hypocritical , and didactic , Untraceable is an exercise in tut-tutting the audience for being curious about the very stuff the film traffics in .
Untraceable could have been a much more interesting film if it had simply stayed closer to its wonkish , Internet-flavored thriller roots .
If I can forgive Lane for dating uber-douchebag Jon Bon Jovi , marrying Christopher Highlander 2 Lambert , and making Must Love Dogs , I can forgive her this .
While Untraceable is an amiable enough way to kill two hours , it never gels into the kind of movie that would make me run out and start endorsing it to others .
Is it really ethical for a film to warn of the irresistible appeal of online snuff films while it simultaneously indulges , practically pornographically , in graphic displays of the same sort of kinky perversion ?
What amounts to being a solid thriller collapses into an absurd potboiler as though the scriptwriters ran out of ideas .
Untraceable may not rank as one of the best serial-killer thrillers of all time , but it packs enough punch to hold your attention way past the whodunit point .
... the picture is grimly unpleasant , and the formulaic conclusion subverts whatever earnest intentions were present at the beginning .
Morally duplicitous torture porn : how else to describe Untraceable , a bleak , rain-washed horror thriller .
This joyless thriller runs the gamut from unconscionable through unwatchable to unendurable . It 's also unfathomable that two talented people , Diane Lane and her director , Gregory Hoblit , got themselves involved in such an unpromising enterprise .
Untraceable feels sleazy and gratuitous .
In case you did n't catch it , the moral is that each time we indulge our inner voyeur by visiting macabre websites or tuning into salacious tabloid news , we 're implicated in the larger cultural crime .
Untraceable demonstrates , once again , how unnecessary it is for audiences actually to understand technical jargon .
Untraceable really is disgraceable .
As plain awful as Untraceable is , possibly the worst thing about it is that it pretends to mean something .
It ca n't have been easy for hundreds of actors , technicians and stunt people to show up for work every day to make a movie whose message is , essentially : Do n't go see this movie .
Untraceable is n't unwatchable , but it 's a pretty miserable experience , from a director who knows better .
Untraceable often seems to go out of its way to tip off what 's coming , so that it 's hard to tell whether the film 's writers are lazy , clumsy or just painfully obvious .
Hateful , brutalizing , inexcusable .
Technology is the film 's only hook . Otherwise , it 's a standard B-movie thriller featuring basement torture chambers and an FBI agent-single mom who tracks a killer before becoming a target herself .
You can call this movie Untraceable but you ca n't call it Unpredictable .
From its obvious foreshadowing to Marsh 's big PowerPoint presentation of the killer 's cause-and-effect , Untraceable is a mite too traceable to get under the skin .
Untraceable is also relentlessly grim and dull , and runs afoul of all the pitfalls you find in movies in which people rely on computers to do their detecting .
The movie chides us for being a sick voyeuristic society , hungry for the sight of violence . The purity of this moral stance is somewhat clouded by the movie 's habit of staging sick violent acts .
Untraceable essentially forces its audience to identify with those who would be willing accomplices to torture and murder .
A diverting police procedural .
The agony of Untraceable is as predictable as a computer program , and about as inhuman .
Untraceable mostly delivers the chills , despite its conventionalities .
A competent but unremarkable crime thriller .
This serial killer mystery has a good cast and a reasonable story and it could have been solid , but the plot thickens via acts of such abject stupidity that the movie is eventually ruined .
The film delivers a tight cat-and-mouse thriller sullied by or seasoned with -LRB- depending on one 's taste for such things -RRB- elaborate acts of torture .
The film teases and unnerves for 100 minutes with scenes of cold brutality . Then in a rush to the end , it tries to make it all better , or at least make it more complicated .
This well-made thriller 's ending almost makes up for what goes before .
Hoblit and veteran cinematographer Anastas Michos try to darken the proceedings by giving us nocturnal characters and Portland at its grayest . But it 's window dressing , just like the layers of computer geek-speak that ca n't disguise an analog-age plot .
Untraceable lambastes us for being amoral voyeurs as it panders to our baser instincts at the same time .
Untraceable is a horrifying thriller , smart and tightly told , and merciless .
The makers of Untraceable do n't have that high an opinion of you .
An abhorrent cyberthriller starring a compelling Diane Lane , the film exploits the inhumanity of torture as it cynically condemns Internet rubberneckers -LRB- and by extension , moviegoers -RRB- for watching it online .
That 's right , Hollywood has finally made a film centered on agony that even a grandmother could love .
Untraceable 's knee-jerk moralizing is reprehensible and stupid .
Seriously , I do n't have time for this . In point of fact , neither should audiences . This movie is a piece of recycled garbage and is a waste Lane 's , and pretty much everyone else 's in the cast , talents .
Even director Gregory Hoblit could n't transform Untraceable from a mediocre horror movie into a compelling thriller .
In a genre that 's already died a thousand mediocre movie deaths , Untraceable is not the last stab into its heart of darkness . Instead , it 's the cinematic equivalent of a blueprint ...
The original working title of this flick was Streaming Evil , which has precisely the right amount of built-in schlock for the tedious bit of horror exploitation this is .
` Untraceable ' is a thriller about computers that was probably written by one .
More concerned about coming up with graphic death scenes than anything else .
While certain aspects are comparable to great suspense films like Seven and The Vanishing , the underlying ethical lessons in the film pluck the thrill out of the thriller . What 's left is a preachy and predictable paradox .
It appears to have been designed to appeal only to those who will sit through even the most ploddingly paced and gruesomely icky police procedurals , have an unyielding fondness for Diane Lane and who have never once touched a computer in their lives
a well-worn piece of formula produced with just enough professionalism to make it clear that those who made it should have known better
A great idea for a horror movie , Untraceable taps directly into the consciousness of America today ... yet its execution is rushed .
Just as you are starting to think , ` Hey , this is n't so bad , ' Untraceable takes a dive off the cliff even the Russian judge will give a perfect score to
With no suspense , no surprises and no rush , it 's just soft core torture porn .
Over and over again , Hoblit misses opportunities to make an engaging picture , instead giving us a merely pedestrian one .
Sets the tone with an opening suite of scenes that put a kitty in danger .
Some day , a thought-out cyberkiller movie is bound to come along . Wait , for ` Untraceable'is not it .
Too bad the movie is put together by the numbers instead of being character-driven .
Just ugh .
Not even -LSB- Diane -RSB- Lane 's solid performance can salvage a disappointing finale .
Lane skillfully sells the tech-heavy script . But after a much-too-early reveal of the murderer 's identity , the ` low battery ' signal starts to flash on this film by thriller specialist Gregory Hoblit .
By now the hypocrisy of simultaneously condemning and exploiting the audience 's sadism has become so commonplace in American movies it hardly seems noteworthy .
The au-courant , set-piece heavy script is skilled enough and the characterization are competent , but still Untraceable feels hollow .
It would be good to shrug off this film as an unwatchable mess , but sadly it is the work of skilled actors and a proficient crew .
Suspense remains at a minimum .
A run-of-the-mill thriller that lacks the substance to be anything more than forgettable .
In addition to being dull , Untraceable is a monster hypocrite , wagging its finger at the mass audience 's appetite for strictly regimented , ` creative ' torture scenarios . This film is not really in a position to point a finger .
A serviceable , hypocritical thriller that would have been an utter bore-fest if not for Diane Lane .
Assumes that the country is full of perverted , bloodthirsty sketchballs without actually wondering who these people are .
Untraceable wants us to deplore the amoral voyeurism of the cyberspace mobs , yet feeds off it at the same time .
As Untraceable descends into the progressively more perverted territory , it begins to practice the very hypocrisy it condemns in its audience , engaging in the rancid voyeurism it pretends to abhor .
Torture porn for housewives .
There 's a good movie to be made about the power of the virtual mob , the ethical consequences of participating in it , the costs of free will . But Untraceable is n't it , not by a long shot .
Life is too short for long-term exposure to relentless agony and distress , even in the guise of entertainment .
Wow , can that Diane Lane work a wireless mouse . And she typed that Control ALT Delete with such authority ! Oh , my -- what was that ? -- she minimized a window and activated a program with a hot key !
When Lane is n't preaching about the heinous violence , she 's babbling on in tech speak . It 's like having a Dell rep describe the plot of Saw .
A blatantly derivative serial killer thriller that proceeds to tick off every single cliché of the genre ... has nothing to offer beyond what we 've already seen before .
This tepid , borderline offensive cyber-serial killer thriller takes what feels like ages to rehash both better and worse examples of the current , vapid clamor for so-called ` torture porn . '
Untraceable is one of those deplorably gratuitous movies that wants to have it both ways , but gets nothing right .
Talk about your pious frauds . I 've got a better way to show your disgust for Internet scum : Do n't see Untraceable .
Untraceable has flaws , but this cat-and-mouse team is so hypnotic that all you do is sit there waiting while they deliver one big shock after another .
Police procedural meets torture porn ... sleazy and absurd rather than clever and surprising .
It 's a tame version of Saw , aimed at middle-aged America , with the same lack of brains and appeal .
Untraceable engenders a reaction that is one part fascination , one part disappointment , and two parts frustration .
Untraceable has n't the brains of a class-act psychothriller like Silence of the Lambs , and lacks the balls to juice up the trashy verve of the Saw series . Stuck in the middle , it leaves everyone stranded , actors and audience alike .
2008 gets its first installment of torture porn with a predictable thriller that blames a bloodthirsty public and big media for fostering an atmosphere of retribution violence .
This taut , savvy cyber-thriller makes for one of the better net flicks .
Untraceable is a satisfying slice of solidly crafted meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
What begins as an interesting techno thriller about the Internet dangerous effects escalates into a generic serial killer horror , ending on a false , preposterous note that negates interesting issues such as the public 's insatiable need for sensationalism
The villain may be Untraceable , but it 's easy to pin down the influences of Gregory Hoblit 's serial killer snoozer .








@highlight

Despite Diane Lane 's earnest effort , Untraceable manages to be nothing more than a run-of-the-mill thriller with a hypocritical message .