Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium has been aggressively geared towards small children to an extent that 's often nothing short of exasperating ...
The wonderful fantasy elements Zach Helm was trying to tap into do not translate over to this particular toy store .
The film may occasionally strain too hard for magical whimsy , but there 's no disputing its sweetness or poignancy .
For all its computer-generated effects and colorful sight gags , Magorium is a dreadfully prosaic movie , lacking charm and grace .
A weak whimsical story with a good heart .
The trailers make the movie look like the ickiest kind of whimsy , accompanied by obstreperous special effects , but the film itself is gasp-worthy .
The result , for all its swirly colors and surrealism , is alternately dull and irritating , an experience akin to learning that you 're going on a field trip only to discover that it 's to the box factory .
If there were as many great ideas in the story as there are in the art and CGI special effects departments , this fantasy tale of wonder might have been a hit .
I laughed out loud once , yet I am giving this film a positive review . There 's something magical about a G-rated film that attempts to capture life , death and a little bit of magic .
Yes , there is wonder here , and plenty of it .
Although it 's not set at Christmas , it 's a great traditional yet contemporary festive treat .
... never quite as magical as it wants to be .
Broken into storybook-like chapters ... the film implies that it possesses literary roots ; however , Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium comes across as a quickie knockoff attempting to capitalize on a more popular title 's success .
Better to prepare your children for the world with a DVD of Hoffman in Midnight Cowboy .
In its favour , there 's nothing here to upset the children . -LRB- Not , that is , unless they 're allergic to Hoffman 's hammy , Method-derived acting . -RRB-
No wise child , let alone grown-up , will touch this with a turkey baster .
You 'd have to be a Scrooge to take against this , though it could use a little more Roald Dahl-ish bite , and a little less of the Hoffman twinkle . Needless to say , it all ends happily .
Things go badly wrong when eccentric Mr Magorium announces he has had enough of his 243 years on earth and has decided to pop his clogs .
This is a lovely story for children under 14 . Jason Bateman is the horrified and expensive plod who has to wind up Hoffman 's wild accounts . Portman is wonderful as the daffy heroine who needs to grow up and perhaps fall in love .
Trying with all its might to be endearing , the magic is simply missing . Hoffman is unbelievably annoying as the lisping Willy Wonka wannabe , while Portman looks uninterested .
Mr Magorium 's Terrible Tedium .
No doubt intended to be a Christmas blockbuster - this pretty looking film is ultimately all wrapping , with nothing much to find inside .
Too dark for kids , too daffy for grown-ups . There 's the odd glimmer of charm , but beneath the fluttering FX and existential fluster , Helm has buried the most important toy in the box : a good story .
Let 's not be too Scrooge-like ; there are pockets of charm , and some of the effects are quite good .
Schmaltzy musical cues ensure we all get the message , but the desperately dull final third is likely to drive both kids and grown-ups to nose-picking , seat-kicking distraction .
Structurally it 's a bit ragtag , but , as your mum would say , it has its heart in the right place . For all its wilful oddness it 's enchanting , imaginative and genuinely moving .
`` Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium '' lacks sparkle and wonder .
People have told me they really liked it , so go for the score and sets , stay for when it finally grabs you : be prepared for an uphill climb to the intended transcendence .
The magic only comes in occasional flashes , with the rest of the time filled by forced silliness that is not united by anything more than talk of smiles and puppies and rainbows
This children 's tale of magical whimsy miraculously avoids even toying with violence - while confronting the finality of death head-on .
With no playthings on the order of Buzz or Woody to enliven events , this proves to be one toy story that 's easy to skip .
The world of children 's literature continues to be raped by Hollywood and Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is its latest victim .
A not so wonderful Emporium run by a shop owner who is best buddies with the Grim Reaper , toys with bad tempers , and a mysterious macho tenant living in the cellar who sleeps cuddling his doll .
Without ever being heavy-handed or sentimental , the film addresses issues of death , mourning , and `` moving on '' in a way that is appropriate and inspiring for kids of all ages . Call it a feel-good movie about death , if you will .
Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is n't the awful experience so many movie critics labeled it . Most of all , it 's a pleasure to see the warm rapport Hoffman and Portman conjure in this sweet , short story .
It 's a little sentimental , and the finale feels rushed , but along the way it 's great fun .
I went in with no expectations for this and found myself caught up in the wonder of the emporium and the magic people can create around them , just by believing they can .
Whimsy is the worst thing a filmmaker can force on an audience . Magic is the second worst . Yet for 90 minutes writer-director Zach Helm shoves whimsy and magic down his audience 's throat .
It 's so ` G ' you almost want to gag , but its heart is in the right place . Take a kid or take a pass .
A film of sufficient charm and largeness of heart that I do n't hesitate to recommend it .
I realize that critics sound like imagination-hating asses when they bash a movie like this ...
It 's so intent on being whimsical , so aware of its own whimsicality , that it ends up being not very whimsical at all .
Because of inspiring discussions of death and belief % u2014and truly creative moments of warmth and wonder % u2014the movie ultimately overcomes its flaws to charm , inspire and satisfy .
Fanciful and colorful but still just a tad above average , `` Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium '' is an odd little show that might keep kids entertained during their visit . On the other hand , it might not .
A film about joy and wonder should n't have to work so hard to try and achieve those traits ; it kind of defeats the purpose .
Some say Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is no Willy Wonka , but it 's just as fun and much like a Dr , Seuss classic , pay attention and the story can open up an amazing new world , if only you believe !
Not without its flaws , Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is a minor but honorable effort that kids and adults will be able to enjoy together or apart .
The kind of movie that almost makes me want to cry for joy at the end because I feel like , ` Yeah , they did it . '
As gentle and sweet as it may be , this movie 's a treat , but not a treasure .
Dustin Hoffman charms in -LSB- this -RSB- colorful fairy tale , but despite plenty of magical moments , it 's missing the extra sparkle that could make it a classic .
... there 's a droll and engaging heart under all that CGI marzipan .
Bateman tries , Portman is cute as ever , but Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is all emporium , no wonder .
The special effects are too obvious at times , and in trying to impart an eccentric vibe , Helm relies too heavily on kooky camera angles .
Get into the right and light holiday spirit , and you should be pleased .
Helm gets huge bonus points for noticing everything that 's annoying about modern children 's films and including none of those things in his movie .
Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is what happens when too many sappy sweet instincts chase too few original ideas .
In a season filled with depressing movies for adults , someone 's finally thought to give equal time to the kids .
Natalie Portman is enchanting as Magorium 's assistant , Zach Mills underplays the role of an outcast kid and Jason Bateman makes humorlessness humorous .
As long as Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium sticks to magic , it is pretty engaging , but the lives on display are less than mesmerizing .
Beneath the initial glare and blare is a quietly literate script by first-time writer-director Zach Helm that deals directly with big issues like believing in yourself and living on after a loved one passes away . But is it heavy ? Not really .
If the concept of Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is ingenious , its execution is erratic .
There is n't anything terribly exciting or original on offer ... but there 's nothing offensive either .
Never promise wonder when all you 've got is manufactured whimsy .
Here , with a basically sweet but straightforward story that demands some creative detail , the ideas and execution are numbingly plain .
While endearingly heartfelt and G-rated to boot , its storytelling suffers from a lack of locomotive force and characters that feel disappointingly two-dimensional .
Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is the kind of warm , mushy , predigested pap that haunts theaters every year around this time , and it nearly pulls a muscle trying to arouse a sense of wonder .
Writer and first-time director Zach Helm makes Magorium 's offbeat world seem not just sensible but entirely logical .
Alert readers spotting similarities to Willy Wonka should now reward themselves with a handful of Everlasting Gobstoppers .
Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory this ai n't .
For all its playful touches and neat-o nostalgia for nondigital entertainment , the whimsy feels forced .
Helm knows his way around a screenplay . The guy can write . But directing is a whole other kettle of talent .
Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium should delight audiences in the mood for holiday magic .
With fine performances from Hoffman , Portman , Bateman and the sad-eyed Mills , and some ever-true observations about imagination and possibilities , Mr. Magorium is likely to work his magic given a chance .
While some of the themes -LRB- especially ones involving mortality -RRB- might be a bit mature for some children , overall this is a wide-eyed fantasy just dripping in imagination and gaiety .
Mr. Magorium is festive , to be sure . But it does n't have the rhythm of an instant family classic .
This is n't quite the over-the-top fantasy you 'd like it to be , but it 's a charming enough little movie , and probably the younger you are , the more charming .
Like the store , the movie is chockablock with playthings -- puns , graphics , and music -- that make the life lessons easier to absorb .
This wooden fable about the importance of believing in yourself is merely a collection of cutesy details that never coalesces into a strong narrative .
Its insecurities do it in .
Wake me when the wackiness is over .
Aggressively whimsical -- everyone is trying way too hard to be in-your-face quirky .
Children will find the feature enchanting , while adults may not be so easily impressed .
delightfully silly , and if you can get past its wrinkles , it should tap into your inner child
... kid-friendly and kid-safe , but that 's about all that can be said on its behalf .
There 's so much whimsy here that whimsy-averse parents in the audience may imagine their own rhyming title for the film : ` Mr. Magorium 's Vomitorium . '
Its straightforward simplicity aims it squarely at the kiddies and the kiddies alone , but that 's okay -- few films intended for children these days are this gentle , this plainly decent .
Whimsy is not portioned out cordially in Mr. Magorium , it 's shot out of a cannon ... reserved only for those with the capability to embrace deafening big screen magic .
... arely registers on the screen .
Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium is a lighthearted and less noxious Night at the Museum .
The cast mingles in happy harmony , and the film is effortlessly cheerful and often quite funny .
I am utterly charmed by its imagination and sweetness , by its clever wizardry and inspired bizarreness .
If you took `` Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , '' `` Pee-Wee 's Big Adventure '' and a gallon of super-sweet cake frosting and put them in a giant industrial blender set to `` suck , '' this is exactly the kind of bile-inducing bon-bon that might result .
A tediously unimaginative short story run amok that will somehow put kids to sleep who are already sleeping and maybe wake up adults who were overly harsh on Barry Levinson for Toys .
Even with Dustin Hoffman trying to do his best Johnny Depp impression , Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium needs more amazement and excitement .
a nice place to get lost for a few hours .
A fluffy cotton candy confection that ca n't be bothered to manufacture any legitimate dramatic tension .
What could have been a charmingly whimsical children 's book becomes an arch and sugary movie , its failures of tone and timing hitting its lightweight storyline like a blast of cold air on a fragile souffle . This is one flat souffle .
Writer/director Zach Helm achieves bursts of charm and whimsy , but not quite enough magic to elicit a consistent sense of wonderment .
The film has just enough charm to win over at least a few in the audience , even if it 's not quite as wondrous as its title might have you believe .
Instantly forgettable except that it contains the worst performance of Dustin Hoffman 's long and illustrious career .
It 's well made , and adults likely will find themselves yielding to its gentle , whimsical charm .
Wonder is the key , and it 's lacking in a major way . Should you decide to see it anyway , you might wonder what you 're doing there .
The one happy side effect of the film 's lack of energy is that it wo n't result in a raging headache , but that is n't much of an endorsement .
Perhaps thinking in pictures led Helm to clutter his screen with TMVI -- too much visual information .
Visually colorful but dramatically empty , `` Mr. Magorium 's Emporium '' is too listless for words .
At its best , the movie makes you feel like a kindred spirit .
The movie means to approach the creepy wonder of Roald Dahl but gets only the creepy part right .
The film is very sweet -- in fact it represents the dawn of a new sport , Extreme Whimsy -- but it does n't look or feel like most other kid-friendly Hollywood products that make it to market . When it counts this fable is surprisingly moving .
Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium truly does inspire wonder . As in , ` Wonder why they made this ? Wonder what they were thinking ? '
The walls of multiplex theaters may not shake and weep upon its departure , but as a holiday alternative for kids , OD ` ing on Willy Wonka , you could do worse .
Even kids who love stuffed animals and jumping on beds deserve more than Magorium has in stock .
Things grow tediously familiar .
Bland and soft-toned ... very young children might enjoy a visit to Mr. Magorium 's , but most everyone else will probably prefer a quick exit .
Magorium is not your average character , to say the least ... Unfortunately , the film feels very average indeed .
Hoffman is like the circus clown everyone avoids .
A delightfully engaging character performance from Dustin Hoffman .
With his incessant cackling and jigging and adorable lisp , Hoffman is an unbearable force of nature , while Portman is disappointing as a young adult stuck in neutral .
Like something imagined by Turgenev during what would have been even for him one of his more bleak interludes .
The toys all have prankish lives of their own -- which could have been fun , in a Harry Potter meets Flubber sort of way , except that when you actually see the playthings , they do n't look fun at all .
Uninspired despite its various attempts to find inspiration , Magorium is itself like a toy : Shiny , mystifying and completely expendable .
Suffers from an undeveloped script about as much as it benefits from a generous sense of whimsy .
Sprinkles in charming moments but ultimately does n't evoke enough wonderment to overcome its tongue-twisting title and completely win over adults along with kids .
Gifted writer Helm -LRB- Stranger Than Fiction -RRB- makes a disappointing directing debut in a fantasy-fable that 's occasionally charming but does n't quite come to life as a truly magical fare , perhaps due to the high standards set by Tim Burton and company .



@highlight

Mr. Magorium 's Wonder Emporium 's title is much more fun that the film itself , as the colorful visuals and talented players ca n't make up for a bland story .