While Lady and the Tramp may not rank as one of Disney 's greatest animated works , it still makes for a charming experience thanks to its memorable and entertaining characters , gorgeous animation , and a beautiful score .
50th anniversary edition of the class story of two very different dogs who fall in love .
This tale -LRB- oh hah hah ! -RRB- of two canines in love has withstood the test of time to remain a family classic .
I just love hand drawn animation , it really brings to life all the characters in a very expressive way . The imperfections doing it by hand give everything a rougher edge but more heart .
Handsomely , seductively drawn , Lady and the Tramp owns its place in the canon ...
in many ways it is closer to the man Walt Disney 's view of the world than any of his preceding films , especially the way it is filtered largely through his sense of nostalgia for the Victorian era
A somewhat dry , but very good Disney animated effort punctuated by a few Disney-defining classic moments .
Share the love of `` Lady and the Tramp '' with your loved ones this Valentine 's Day .
A wonderful blend of timeless romance , wholesome adventure , and breathtaking animation .
Classic Disney dogs paw their way into hearts .
Easily the most beautifully-animated piece to come out of the Disney Studios since the Golden Age ended .
Walt Disney has for so long parlayed gooey sentiment and stark horror into profitable cartoons that most moviegoers are apt to be more surprised than disappointed to discover that the combination somehow does not work this time .
-LSB- It made -RSB- more money than any other film from the 1950s except The Ten Commandments and Ben-Hur .
A charming piece of vintage entertainment from Walt Disney , replete with wholesome family values .
The wider canvas and extra detail work reportedly meant an additional 30 % in negative cost . It was a sound investment .
Disney 's imagination seems at a low ebb , saddled with a shrunken , excessively naturalistic style in line with the diminished possibilities of postwar animation , and not yet graced by the inspiration that would redeem that style in Sleeping Beauty .
Happily the cameo lowlife , an excellent manic beaver , the famously villainous Siamese , and classic songs rescue the film from dumb animal sentiment .
The sentimentality is mighty , and the use of the CinemaScope size does not make for any less awareness of the thickness of the goo .
... somewhat overrated ...
One of Disney 's simplest and most delightful animated features
The vintage animation is brilliant , and Disney has done a wonderful job with the transfer to DVD .
They do n't make movies like Lady and the Tramp any more . I know that 's a cliche , but it 's true .
The 50th Anniversary DVD release of Lady and the Tramp shows you everything that is right and wrong with Disney in one DVD package .
Parents used to having their kids explain films to them will have their hands full on this one .
Technically , Disney has created nothing finer .
Charming and nostalgic .
Not only is Lady and the Tramp one of Disney 's sweetest films , it 's one of their loveliest to look at .
True Disney classic animation with great score .
Classic Disney animation , classic story . A wonderful film for childrena and adults as well .
Still cute
While it 's not one of the strongest Disney animated features , this one has enough strengths to keep it popular decades after its 1955 release .
With cracking music , a rollicking pace and dialogue that stands up to scrutiny , Lady and the Tramp really is among Walt 's very best .
Visual images on a 70 mm screen are bound to be stunning , but it takes a fun and good-natured story to back them up ; here , we have a premise that joins two opposites in a sweet love story as adventurous as it is fearsome and daring .








@highlight

A nostalgic charmer , Lady and the Tramp 's token sweetness is mighty but the songs and richly colored animation are technically superb and make for a memorable experience .