Unmoving story of white missionaries trying to save the poor indigenous people of Ecuador . Paul Chambers , CNN .
A squeaky-clean family of missionaries lives out their fantasy of `` saving '' a violent tribe of Ecuadorian jungle natives in this virulently wrong-headed movie .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Hanon seems more interested in exploiting his setting 's lush green beauty than exploring the psyches of his bland Bible-thumpers .
Through the harrowing experience of two men as told in End of the Spear -- Steve Saint and Mincaye -- moviegoers can learn the power of forgiveness and reconciliation .
Only marginally uplifting and just passably enjoyable as a film . I know in my mind that these experiences were extraordinary for the people involved , but I never really feel it .
... for those of us who are not part of the choir being preached to , the story is a dealbreaker .
Jim Hanon 's film is so awkward and anachronistic that it raises more questions than answers .
An amazing true story of faith and martyrdom
The movie could have been recorded on 8 mm film with no audio and the intended audience would most likely be content .
devoid of suspense and resonance
The vision and values the film celebrates are at such odds with the reality it has refashioned as a breathless melodrama , it is hard to not give in to temptation and poke fun at its unintentional camp .
I knew nothing about this movie going in % u2026 nothing . When I came out , I swore I would do everything I could to let people know about the wonders of `` End of the Spear . ''
No level of noble intent by the filmmakers can compel me to recommend a work of cinema that 's this cheap , simplistic and sloppy .
` End of the Spear ' features some intensely violent scenes , but this thought-provoking movie never falters in emphasizing the power of forgiveness .
Big-time production values and a truly interesting story make this a huge step forward for the Christian niche film market .
Although the film invests time among the tribesmen , it never really explores the idea that one man 's missionary work is another 's ideological aggression . And the movie is tentative , dramatically speaking .
This ersatz jungle adventure is really a thinly disguised Sunday School lesson in faith , charity and the savagery of life without Christ .
Too bad this sincere but inept movie does n't do justice to any of the real people whose powerful story it tells .
End of the Spear is so ineptly rendered , it all but erases the importance of the events it strains to honor .
This is a movie -- albeit one with a great , gripping story -- shot through with meaningful glances , middling performances and melodramatic music cues . Pity .
Spear , financed and distributed by Christian groups , is independently made and sometimes rough around the edges , with unusual moments of religious sincerity and expression .
effectively shows how , through gentility and a spirit of cooperation , two very different cultures can learn to co-exist . That 's a worthy message that has a particular relevance in today 's world .
What does hold back this terrifically detailed and often-entertaining effort are the limitations of the script and uneven acting .
Filmmakers do n't need stories with a religious agenda any more than they need ones with an irreligious one . They do n't need stories with any agenda , frankly . They just need good stories .
This undramatic would-be piece of inspiration seems like made-for-TV fare for the Christian Broadcasting Network before it morphed into the Family Channel .
Though designed by director and co-writer Jim Hanon to be spiritually uplifting , the story feels as whitewashed and disingenuous as an episode of Lassie , with the natives emerging as savage buffoons .
Whether or not you 're religious , End of the Spear tells a compelling and moving story that leaves you wondering at the human heart 's capacity for love , forgiveness and change .
The production is sometimes so handsome , the scenery so compelling , that you almost forget about the melodramatic missteps and the bad wigs .
Not an emotional powerhouse so much as a dutiful public service announcement .
This generally engrossing Christian parable is the type of film that conservatives will overpraise and liberals will overcriticize .
... explores the cost of revenge-taking and the cyclical escalation of violence with a sober probity
In this particular tale , turning the other cheek , while lovely , is heavy on the sincerity and light on the subtlety -- and it 's a relief when the End finally comes .
Even with subtitles , it is a little hard to follow and it sometimes veers into Sunday school-style sugar . But the story has great power and the film-makers resist condescending to the natives .
Although overly earnest and often stilted , the film should find great favor principally among religious auds , and a long life on the home-vid shelves .
This repetitive and poorly plotted production fails to engage .
This fact-based story of conflict and resolution between a primitive warrior tribe in Ecuador and peace-seeking Christian missionaries is inspiring despite its sentimental excesses .
The slickly produced Christian docudrama End of the Spear recounts with spiritual breathlessness the circumstances surrounding the real-life killings of five missionaries at the hands of a violent indigenous Amazon tribe in Ecuador in 1956 .
A nuanced , occasionally beautiful work , though not flawless .
Under Jim Hanon 's direction , the film manages to get its point across without coming off as heavy-handed or overtly religious .
Though the final steps in Mincayani 's awakening are crudely sketched , the film 's conclusion will stir even the nondevout .
End of the Spear is a childish and visually repetitive movie , ham-fisted , proselytizing and overtly simplified .
Jim Hanon has made this movie before , as the documentary Beyond the Gates of Splendor . It was a better film
It 's an ooga-booga movie dressed in ` anthropological ' empathy .
Coy crypto-Christian claptrap masquerading as feel-good ethnography .
The Waodanis await a film that humanely considers their conversion as intensely as this film single-mindedly sanctifies those who turned them away from killing .
Even if it polarizes viewers in the beginning , we can come to appreciate how the tribes and the missionaries ' families found piece , which is the closest a second hand account can come to giving us a similar experience .
One of the best films ever made about the courage and compassion that is at the heart of the Christian path of nonviolence .
A crowd-pleasing entertainment based on the true story of missionaries who ultimately persuaded an indigenous tribe in the Ecuador jungles to stop spearing one another .






@highlight

Shoddy filmmaking and a lack of character development derail what could be a potentially compelling tale .