Into the Forest has its share of dramatic scenes , but Rozema is more focused on the emotional effects of the crisis ... the result is a stark , emotional story about survival and sisterhood - depicting not dystopia per se , but a new beginning .
A film of rural terror ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director handles the fraternal relationship with warmth and security in the staging , both in the moments of conflict and in those more calm or minimally comforting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ellen Page and Evan Rachel Wood are as impressively understated as the direction .
A vision of the apocalypse as humanistic as emotional , that offers a painful and sincere look at the female universe of its protagonists and its hard beginning into adult life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that becomes the dramatic tale of two sisters who do n't know how to live together or separated and suddenly discover that the forest in which they live is much better than the out of stock supermarket in the city . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Such a scenario is provocative in an age of technological overload , but the screenplay turns into a muddled mood piece rather than capitalizing on its inherent urgency .
Into the Forest may get lost in the glut of post-apocalyptic films ... If that 's the case , it 'll be a shame , for this adaptation of Jean Hegland 's gently sci-fi novel is a more intimate film than many of those zombie-busters and doomsday thrillers .
Nell and Eva 's relationship forms the heart of the film and , along with the fleeting moments of ecstasy they find in things previously taken for granted , their bond provides something of genuine beauty in a progressively bleak world .
Unlike just about every other post-apocalyptic movie ever made , this sisterly drama has no aliens , chases , or fights ; it 's lushly beautiful , but heavy and soft . Yet its soapy quality may appeal to some audiences .
... a different kind of near-future drama , one that 's by turns elegiac and comforting ... closer to ` Children of Men ' than the unrelievedly downbeat ` The Road . '
... examines the true nature of humans once all of our constructed creature comforts disappear and we are forced to face ourselves in the light of the wilderness .
This drama works almost throughout , but toward the end it fizzles out .
This is n't torture-porn dystopia ; it 's a singular , honest , heartfelt portrait of sisterly devotion at the end of the world .
Page and Wood , who are both in their upper 20s , hardly make for convincing teenagers , but they both lend weight to Eva and Nell 's sisterly bond as the two siblings slowly unravel .
Page and Wood build a good rapport , striking a balance between hardy and vulnerable .
Rozema 's minimalist approach pays dividends until a final third hobbled by overdone effects and a thrashing musical score . Too bad . The story being told on the faces of Page and Wood has eloquence and power .
If character-driven drama pieces are n't your thing , then this one might not be for you .
Walks a blade 's edge between terrifying and uplifting ... Rozema has a careful but unflinching eye when it comes to presenting the physical and emotional traumas the sisters experience .
An atypical disaster movie , less about the failure of technology than the failure - and perhaps the resurgence - of the human spirit in the face of that .
`` Into the Forest '' is a post-apocalyptic disaster movie without a single visual effect . No explosions , no zombies , no mobs rioting in the streets . There 's just quiet , and dark .
A strong , smart and moving end-of-the-world drama that is further bolstered by strong performances from co-stars Ellen Page and Evan Rachel Wood .
Into the Forest offers that rare take on a dystopian future . So why is it so often a slog ?
Wood and Page generate a believable , prickly sibling closeness in Rozema 's unhurried but harrowing micro-portrait of how easily civilization could crumble .
One of the more intimate and thoughtful takes on the post-apocalypse in cinematic memory .
Rozema does n't push the future feminism angle to its full degree , the ideas baked into her script never becoming nearly as dynamic as the characters who are desperate to bring them to life .
Solid but unremarkable performances from Page and Wood , who are n't given much to work with apart from generic anxiety and low-key squabbling , contribute to the overall listlessness .
`` Into the Forest '' is particularly irksome at times , but the core viewing experience is sustained by Rozema , who handles mounting anxiety and the long apocalyptic waiting game competently , maintaining a feel for the end of the world .
Rozema 's sturdy film tugs effectively at the heartstrings with its tragic spiral and infuses one assault scene with true camera-canting terror .
Essentially a post-apocalyptic telenovela , it sanitizes the concept of sisterhood , and even womanhood .
This story probably looked good on paper -LRB- and the film boasts its original elements -RRB- , yet is ultimately not gripping onscreen .
Page gently matures the girlish Nell , creating a figure of increasing psychological strength , while the more high-strung Eva , who can not cope without music to dance to , falls into a despair that Wood makes desperately real .
Page and Wood truly carry the picture . Apparently they had a year to hang out and create something of a sisterly bond , and it comes through on the screen .
A rare postapocalyptic story with both intelligence and dramatic heft ...
In the midst of blockbuster season , any viewer hungry for character-driven drama will appreciate the subtlety , intelligence and power of Into the Forest .
Do we really need another end-times film to add to the ever-growing pile ? In the case of Patricia Rozema 's Into the Forest , the answer is a definite yes , please-mostly because she has such a compelling new take on a well-worn subject .
At its core , it 's a simple and triumphant tale of sisterhood , but with so much ladled on top of it it begins to feel as though it 's grasping for a grandeur it does n't need . Sometimes , even the most intense emotions can benefit from a light touch .
A nail-biter of suspense asking if or when these two young girls will die .
Beautiful and sensitive to character but gripping when it needs to be .
Into the Forest is carried by Rozema 's confident approach and spectacular performances by Ellen Page and Evan Rachel Wood .
It 's an inspiring story , acted with heart and grit by Paige and Wood , and film directed with adroitness by Rozema in a ruin of a set in the woods .
Into The Forest is admirably defiant of many tropes that spring up in most apocalyptic stories , emphasizing its small character moments over large dramatic ones .
Connecting the incidents in Hegland 's book gives Into the Forest plenty of dramatic kick , but the film leaves the impression that the characters ' full selves remain stubbornly on the page , as thoughts not translated into action .
Patricia Rozema 's drama does n't burrow deep into its end of world scenario .
Rozema proves herself to be master of mood .
Though not without its errors , Into The Forest turns a profoundly human eye to what just may be the very end of humanity itself .

@highlight

Into the Forest grounds its familiar apocalyptic framework with a relatable look at the bond between two sisters , compellingly brought to life by Ellen Page and Evan Rachel Wood .