Every retouched color and dramatic visual effect serves to pollute the movie 's already sloppy metaphysics with an unpleasant strain of hysteria .
A hopelessly overblown melodrama , which oversteps its mark with pretensions of narrative complexity and social currency
-LSB- Perelman -RSB- over-explains everything at the end with a montage of repeated scenes that ensures you never need see this film more than once .
In the hands of the director Vadim Perelman , it becomes a jumble of dramatic scenes and disorientating flashbacks that merge into a confusing , stream-of-consciousness narrative , and the twist , when it comes , is a complete cheat .
An American high school drama with a tiresomely familiar twist .
A thoughtful , if sentimental , semi-successful attempt to craft a drama about life and choice around the difficult subject matter of a school shooting .
The movie 's relentless dream-like quality could induce slack-jawed wonder ... or chronic narcolepsy depending how receptive the viewer is to non-linear narrative and super-stylised flights of fancy .
A touching tale from director Vadim Perelman with a surprise ending that leaves you plenty to ponder .
A sudsy potboiler with a twist you can see coming from the title .
Part Elephant , part Jacob 's Ladder , moments of bruising power are dulled by overwrought symbolism and a baffling wrap-up .
Ambition and accomplishment are aeons apart in this would-be meaningful drama .
Surely the point of a `` twist '' is that it should slot into the plot with a satisfying click , not that it should invalidate 50 per cent of what came before it ?
Vadim Perelman 's drama is both tasteful and tedious . With its honeyed visuals , affluent air and coy portents of disaster , it 's like an advert for private health care played out on an endless loop .
The film 's dogged repetition of its pivotal scene has to go somewhere , but it 's enslaved to a narrative conceit even M Night Shyamalan might find a trifle gimmicky .
Absorbing .
Flitting back and forth in time , it 's too confusing to entertain , while Wood and Thurman look nothing like one another , making for a disjointed and often dire experience .
Poorly conceived , badly written and ultimately ridiculous drama with a jaw-droppingly crass twist ending that backfires horribly .
The ending is as baffling as anything preceding it - giving rise to a genre conflict situation .
THE LIFE BEFORE HER EYES starts off as superficial , sentimental trite , then turns into an incoherent journey into God knows what .
baboyriarika poiitiko aytohaidema toy Perelman meta to House of Sand and Fog -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , ayti ti fora dipla aforito , horis ena kapoio stori na krybetai kato ap ' toys koyfioys loystrarismenoys symbolismoys toy
The surprises Perelman has for you along the way will blow your mind and have you talking hours after you leave the theater .
It 's an underrated , and horrific little dramatic thriller that twists the noose at every turn ...
The Life Before Her Eyes has the core of an inventive narrative and a twist that probably worked better as a literary device .
Disturbing school-shooting drama is a puzzler .
... slowly builds an emotional power that takes us by surprise ...
Just ignore the critics -- in this case , we do n't know what we 're talking about .
Studio movies rarely depict Christians as fallible , thoughtful people who 've been strengthened by faith but do n't take it for granted .
The twist is exactly what you think it is , and it pretty much invalidates any emotional investment you can work up before it arrives .
Should my life flash before my eyes before my demise , I am certain that movie scenes will appear . I only ask that this movie not be included in the edit .
-LRB- The Life Before Her Eyes -RRB- is one of those films that you will walk out of just feeling very shaken up and disturbed .
That the ending does n't play fair with the audience is a misdemeanor ; the felony is that the filmmakers do n't seem to realize what an ugly moral statement they 're making with it .
A ` Carnival of Souls ' for Mitch Albom readers ...
... not so much a bad movie as an infuriating one , a pretty empty thing that wants desperately to be loved for its deep thoughts .
Director Vadim Perelman ... makes a misstep with the well crafted but flawed The Life Before Here Eyes .
-LSB- A -RSB- confused , morally queasy , self-important mess .
In the end , Life is a challenging success , with Wood 's performance again affirming her status among the young generation of actors , and Perelman 's vision promising more intrigue to come .
-LSB- J -RSB- ust when you think you 're getting an interesting movie about women and their travails and triumphs , the whiffs of a Shocking ! Twist ! Ending ! begin to appear . ''
And then , THUD . Like an Acme anvil , the ending smashes everything to smithereens and you 're left as discouraged as Wile E. Coyote .
Diana pays for her bad choices perpetually , in large part through her self-comparisons to M , whose piety she alternately teases and reveres .
Full of fussed-over significant images and delicately planned interlocking narrative motives , and it 's about as subtle and clever as somebody clubbing you over the head with a folding chair
What you get , in the end , is a pair of fine performances -LRB- from Thurman and Wood -RRB- and a technically well-made film that arrives at a foregone conclusion .
Thoroughly thought through and photographed with imagination and psychological penetration , it 's the product of a very shrewd directorial hand .
Perelman never overcomes the disjuncture of having two familiar actresses play the same grown character , and despite the endless crosscutting , the two halves settle respectively into ghoulish foreboding and murky psychological drama .
The Life Before Her Eyes might offer a fresh perspective on aborted dreams , but its insights are buried under stale , inflated moviemaking .
Perelman eases the transitions between the past and the present with echoing phrases and situations , but they all seem rather pat and contrived .
Not a film entirely devoid of virtue , though it comes closer to that mark than any movie I 've seen this year -- closer than any movie I 'd care to see in any year .
If The Life Before Her Eyes has a message , it is that life is too short to squander on foolhardy meaninglessness . Take the film 's advice . Stay away .
Director Vadim Perelman fetishizes the threat of violence with his caressing camera .
The talented crew and ensemble did everything they could to raise an incredibly flawed screenplay above its Lifetime TV Movie roots but ultimately could only take it so far .
There are two very fine performances here -- Wood 's and Amurri 's -- but they 're not strong enough to rise above the metaphor-laden script .
-LSB- Perelman -RSB- makes like a poet on Provigil and starts dumping symbolism by the bucket , until you ca n't help but sit there , Beavis & Butt-Head-like , thinking , ` This means something . '
Too many of the scenes , however , are the standard fodder of which mediocre movies are made .
Matters of taste aside , the film 's platitude-heavy dialogue and pseudo-philosophical themes are ridiculous .
It wears you down , and maybe that 's why the conclusion does n't pack much of a punch .
It 's too clever by half , too facile in its use of sensationalist headline material , too far-fetched in its psychological fancy .
Uma Thurman delivers a mesmerizing performance in The Life Before Her Eyes , a film that , once seen and fully digested , exerts the same haunting pull as the shattering events it chronicles .
A fictional drama that uses a Columbine-like high school massacre as a plot device had better have solid justification for engaging our grief and horror .
I think it 's a strong film .
An anti-abortion movement propaganda screed masquerading as a teen angst drama . All that 's missing are the religious right pamphlet tables in the theater lobbies . There 's apparently a new kind of female road movie out there , called the guilt trip .
The Life Before Her Eyes will draw you in , then intrigue you , then bore you , then bewilder you , then make you crazy with its incessant flashbacks and flash forwards , and finally leave you feeling like the victim of a fraud .
It 's sad to see such subtle , wrenchingly emotional work expended on such trifling material .
What began as tragedy ends as mere sleight -- and turns a trusting audience into dupes .
An overwrought and patently offensive anti-abortion drama from the director of the accomplished House of Sand and Fog . Director Vadim Perelman does n't play fair .
What this heavy-handed film mainly has to endure is a clunky story structure and an ending that was n't original when it was seen four decades ago on The Twilight Zone .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Perelman applies a rigorous visual beauty to this thin gimmick of a movie .
Director Vadim Perelman is big on slo-mo lyrical effects and confusing time shifts , making the movie unnecessarily arty and detracting from what could have been a searing psychological study .
What this film knows about grief , you could put in a haiku . -LRB- It 'd read : `` Death sucks , like really/Nothing else matters , ever/Therapy-what 's that ? '' -RRB-
Perelman 's ambition ... is admirable ; he 's obviously trying to tell this story in a distinctive and challenging way ... Unfortunately , he does n't quite pull off the trick .
As it plods along decorously , you have the sense of reading a poetic essay in which every image and metaphor is hammered too neatly in place .
tasteful , overwrought direction at its finest .
The roles are superbly realized by Wood and Thurman , but the real backbone of the picture is Perelman , who takes great care to weave the small tragedies into a wounded whole .
Paints a compelling and thought-provoking picture of not only school violence , but violence in general , and the trickle-down effect that a single moment in time can have on one 's whole future .
The dread is thick and the atmosphere is so heavy that every simple car ride or bedtime story seems like it 's happening on the crumbling edge of a lonely cliff .
The final twist ... only proves that the rest of the movie was n't so confusing and irritating by accident -- it was designed that way .
Director Vadim Perelman blends two powerful performances into a seamless whole , giving equal time to the dreamy sensuality of adolescence and the crushing weight of adulthood .
Moviegoers may mistake The Life Before Her Eyes for an unduly long L'Oréal commercial featuring softly lit film stars moving languidly with swinging hair through overbearingly premonitory weather .
Technically , the movie is impressive .
Building up to what 's supposed to be a serious moral dilemma , the noisy final act borders on incoherence .
Damn if the title The Life Before Her Eyes does n't give away director Vadel Perelman 's entire conceit !
I liked director Vadim Perelman 's provocative first film , House of Sand and Fog , but this one is a mess .
One only wonders whether distributor Magnolia Pictures and Perelman 's cast and crew grasp the film 's undisguised misogyny .
Gorgeous , haunting and thought-provoking ... a solid sophomore effort from Perelman despite its potentially frustrating pace .
In between snorting and rolling your eyes , you can pass the time pitying Thurman , who has to emote in a vacuum , and admiring Wood .
Audiences used to having everything spelled out for them may find the film too much work , but there are , I hope and believe , many people who appreciate and enjoy unraveling the mysteries of a poem or painting for themselves .
A melodramatic portrait of violence and mourning , Vadim Perelman 's disappointing follow-up to House of Sand and Fog turns Laura Kasischke 's novel into an overly precious , pseudo-poetic meditation in which the pain of loss is indulged rather than examined .
With over eight months left in the year , it requires a certain audacity to declare that The Life Before Her Eyes is , and will always be , the absolute worst film of 2008 ...
Involvement is less than it might have been as sympathy gets nicked away by the effort to resolve the associations and meanings . The search for the `` ah hah ! '' moment is exhausting .
... an intricately-plotted and richly conceived drama ...
The trouble lies in the story .
Intermingles the past and present , and the real and the imagined , to intriguing if occasionally head-scratching effect .
Not as profound in its revelations as it wants to be , but with strong acting and a strong visual palette , it 's a success .
... profoundly confusing In Bloom arrives at some very tenuous moral conclusions that might alienate much of its supposed target audience .



@highlight

Despite earnest performances , Life Before Her Eyes is a confusing , painfully overwrought melodrama .