The heroine of Mike Leigh 's wonderfully subtle and relentlessly harrowing new film is a cheerful , compactly built middle-aged woman who spends her waking hours in perpetual motion .
In a hopelessly polarized debate , Leigh allows us to see real people involved in real situations . The film will keep people on either side of the abortion debates talking .
Word `` great '' does n't do justice to what Imelda Staunton delivers with her performance .
Staunton lends the role of Vera a great emotional complexity , eschewing any facile moral response to the social and sexual issues at the heart of the film .
Imelda Staunton delivers an indelible performance as a woman with a frighteningly simplistic idea of the world and how to live in it .
Moralmente complexo , está longe de representar uma experiência ` satisfatória ' para o espectador , que sairá emocionalmente esgotado do cinema . Isto o engrandece ainda mais .
La película confirma a Mike Leigh como uno de los mejores representantes del cine británico , y a Imelda Staunton como una de sus mejores actrices .
Puts a tender human face on this explosive subject .
Vera Drake succeeds because Leigh is not interested in sloganeering but in looking at the human and moral cost .
Despite an occasionally hampering pace , Vera Drake is worth -LSB- it -RSB- because of its impeccably conceived and acted characters and the moral quagmire they present us with .
Imelda Staunton , a noted British stage actress , gives the best performance of any actress I have seen in the last few years .
There are few topics that generate more controversy than abortion , yet Mike Leigh 's film seems wholly uninterested in courting debate .
Leigh takes time to show us the daily lives of all characters , giving them more reality than a Hollywood film would think necessary .
For those of us who remember when abortions were done with coat hangers and knitting needles ... Vera Drake recalls this era with matter-of-fact directness .
-LSB- A -RSB- bout nothing if not how the realities of women 's lives do n't always intersect with men 's ... understanding of reality .
Great acting , but low on drama because of its lack of suspense and avoidance of the toughest moral issues in the abortion debate .
Repugnant and morally despisable ; and I 'm pro-choice .
A brilliant character study within a detailed snapshot of a moment in English history and society , a perfectly realized environment that makes you forget this is a filmed artifice populated with actors .
I 'd rather have my heroes less than super , more engaged with the larger world .
With its outstanding , soul-baring central performance by Imelda Stauntan , it 's a memorable film that painstakingly creates a truthful and often painful reality .
A challenge more than worth meeting .
Vera seems a figure ` stamped from the dough of human suffering with a heart-shaped cookie knife , ' to appropriate Nathanael West 's phrase .
With Vera Drake , -LSB- Leigh -RSB- has made his most controversial and accessible work
A low-key yet astonishingly vibrant film that pecks at you like an intense little bird .
-LSB- Leigh 's -RSB- best picture in some time .
An excellent film with one of the year 's best performances by Imelda Staunton .
The ensemble acting is without a blemish .
Aside from the performances , which are uniformly excellent , the greatest strength of Mike Leigh 's drama is its non-judgmental stance on abortion .
A gently devestating film with a heartbreaking performance by Imelda Staunton .
Staunton 's method serves Vera Drake so powerfully that a BAFTA must surely beckon .
As in all of Mike Leigh 's films , there 's not a bad performance in the lot .
Vera Drake is soul-stirringly good , but it 's occasionally a little overt in staging its themes and insights .
-LSB- T -RSB- his ca n't be called naturalism ... Vera has to represent the bad medicine that fills the gap for low-income women , the bad medicine that results inevitably from bad law .
The character of Vera ... is the argument for regarding the issue -LSB- of abortion -RSB- with an indispensible caring selflessness .
Leigh takes the steady pulse of one woman 's quietly remarkable life and turns it into one of the most absorbing , memorable films of the year .
I found Vera Drake most interesting in its portrayal of a woman in a crisis , and the subsequent emotional reactions it provokes in her and her family .
Hints about America 's future under Bush may theoretically be unearthed in Great Britain 's past , or at least the past as catalogued by Mike Leigh in his latest gem .
This is Staunton 's moment in the sun . Her portrayal of the disintegration of Vera 's spirit is wrenching .
Imelda Staunton does an excellent job in the title role .
A piercing study ... gritty , humane .
Vera Drake finds an artist of Leigh 's sincerity and seriousness at the top of his game . It 's the best film of its type since In America
Every detail of the film breathes with authenticity , fully creating the grimy , working-class world of post-war London , and the characters behave like real people .
Tough and grim , Vera Drake is not as brilliant as Naked but it 's an emotionally harrowing tale that admirably avoids judging or condescendeing to its characters
There 's a gentleness and sweetness to Vera Drake that belies how edgy , controversial and ugly some of the material is .
Moves slowly but stays engaging , guided by the storyteller 's masterful touch .
Another bleak , harrowingly realistic drama from Mike Leigh highlighted by a phenomenal star turn by Imelda Staunton in the title role .
Leigh 's gift in Vera Drake is that he does n't help us decide what to think of Vera , but he does help us understand her .
In postwar Britain , Vera Drake helps the needy and pays for it dearly in Mike Leigh 's underplayed and overwhelming drama .
All the actors so completely fade away that you come out of the film thinking you 've seen the real people , not players reciting a script .
With each whimpering close-up of Vera after her arrest , Leigh comes closer and closer to canonizing her as his Joan of Arc .
Any woman here who is upwardly mobile or well-to-do is performed like a second-rate Noel Coward sophisticate .
A very good drama , rich cinematography , and an impeccable performance by Staunton
Staunton is absolutely astonishing in the title role of this quiet , sad film about the dangers and consequences of what we could call the pre-choice era .
Mike Leigh shapes his superb film as a repressed working-class companion to All or Nothing , establishing a vivid place and time but offering little comfort or comment .
Immersing the audience in her character 's plight , Imelda Staunton is more than terrific as Vera Drake .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- can break your heart .
Authentic and complex grid of a system of social values and fears that has most everyone stuck in its tragic labyrinth .
Mike Leigh , who seemingly has single-handedly revived kitchen-sink realism in modern British movies , hits something of a career high with the marvelous Vera Drake .
An affecting portrait of a kindly woman with no political or religious agenda , just a desire to be helpful .
Vera Drake makes a compelling argument for women 's rights without ever succumbing to preachiness .
To his credit , director-writer Mike Leigh does n't inject any moral high ground on a subject that could easily feel one-sided . But he does n't give Staunton a full range of material to work with either .
Staunton is brilliant as Vera .
Gripping and elegantly told .
Comes close to ranking with -LSB- Leigh 's -RSB- best work , the searing Naked and the witty Topsy Turvy .
Staunton is magnificent , and seems destined for year-end accolades -LRB- but why is Drake being released so early in the season ? -RRB- .
A satisfyingly performed character piece and richly evocative of its period to the degree that the subject matter feels overwhelmed .
I ca n't wait to see who is put up against Imelda Staunton for the Best Actress Academy Award .
Staunton ... is an actress of tremendous compassion and grace , an utterly irreproachable anchor to a difficult movie .
Boo , hiss and all that -- but I can report that the film left me only vaguely depressed and nothing more .
May not match Leigh 's finest films , but it 's still superior to the best most other directors have to offer .
The film feels full and alive , and a best-actress Oscar nomination for Staunton would be a justified award for the achievement .
What makes Leigh 's observant , generous technique even more essential for a provocative topic like abortion is that it becomes the very definition of nonjudgmental .
You will be hearing a lot about Imelda Staunton for the next few months , hopefully right up until the moment Sean Penn says , `` And the Oscar goes to ... Imelda Staunton . ''
The austerity of the film 's latter part might seem merely maudlin had Leigh not so carefully established that life goes on in and around the film 's central polemic .
Not a cheery film , but it is a fine one .
Taking a moral approach and avoiding the political , director Leigh shows the absurd injustice of abortion laws .
The subject matter may be controversial but there 's no doubt that Vera 's heart 's in the right place . There 's also no doubt about Imelda Staunton 's performance - it 's riveting .
In absorbing drama and staggering emotions , it renders an issue too often seen as black or white in heartbreaking gray .
Though as unassuming as its title character , Vera Drake very boldly reaches out and grabs the third-rail movie topic of abortion .
Staunton is heartbreakingly fine .
Nobody does seamless ensemble acting so well as the British .
Leigh thinks his movie is a social commentary , but it 's really an almost-brilliant character study , with an essential piece left out : the moment Vera is revealed to herself .
Vera is the heart of the film , and Staunton gives an exquisite performance .
Arguably Leigh 's finest achievement , its sole flaw being the too-perfect depiction of Vera -- no fault of Staunton 's , who must surely be considered for Oscar recognition .
The film is more of a portrait than a story , and as such it is finely wrought and compelling , but the airbrush is overkill .
An extraordinary film .
One of Leigh 's better movies .
Gripping film .
As Vera , Staunton is superb .
A film of pitch-perfect , seemingly effortless performances .
Heartbreaking .
A carefully calibrated parable that quietly sneaks into your heart and prods it sharply .
A must-see for anyone who likes challenging dramatic fare .
Earnest , well-acted and suffocating .
Another one of Leigh 's rare but perfectly rendered period pieces .
The war has disturbed all of their lives intensely , and if they do n't quite have the words to express their trauma , they do have a sense of shared experience .
This is the kind of people-driven story that the movies used to give us -- before special effects took over .
There 's nothing harder for an actor to play than a thoroughly good character , and Staunton does it with a dowdy , sublime originality .
Ms. Staunton is remarkable in the lead role .
Staunton 's performance as Vera is so majestic and compassionate that we feel we know everything about her .
The question that makes the movie subversive is one it never asks , even though contemporary audiences probably will : Where would women be if we returned to a world like this ?
We often praise actors for putting themselves inside the skins and souls of others , but it 's a rare performer who becomes a character so uncannily and convincingly that she seems to vanish into the role .
As a character study Vera Drake is coarsely drawn , and as pro-choice polemic , it 's both a blunt instrument and a red herring .
A prime example of how genuine drama terrifies and uplifts us . It also reveals how controversial subjects can seem fresh and new in the hands of a master director and a great ensemble cast .
What holds Vera Drake together is Vera herself -- a completely absorbing performance from Staunton .
At their best , Leigh 's pictures are confrontational without being invasive .
Leigh 's gift for turning the meagre into gripping drama has seldom been put to better use . The pleasant surprise is that this is a story to sink your teeth into
Leigh 's big mistake in the film is cutting short the most dramatic portion of the movie .
For those who have the patience to become absorbed in this kind of drama , Vera Drake offers a stunningly real character portrait whose image will linger long after the movie has faded .
The film moves assuredly from incident to incident in a way that makes it seem old-fashioned , but pleasingly so .
Mike Leigh 's devastatingly effective work plunges us into working class , post-war London in 1950 .
Imelda Staunton is the picture of the `` old dearie '' that you can only find , it seem , in working-class neighborhoods in England .
Mike Leigh demonstrates genuine fondness for his plucky lead and the ambiguities of her plight .
offers up its heroine as a deluded saint , an `` old dearie '' made sacrificial victim to England 's class system
Vera Drakefeatures beautifully modest storytelling that 's honest in pacing and tone and embarrassingly rich in detail .
A tremendously moving portrait of a woman whose morality is so simple and pure that discovering a diametrically opposed point of view nearly destroys her .
Despite the honest , penetrating and open-faced presence of the distinguished Imelda Staunton in the title role , the film is something of an ordeal .
Devastating wonderful .
Despite all his care and realism , Leigh has neglected to provide a fully satisfying drama .
Leigh and Staunton seem like prisoners of their own plodding naturalism .
Sometimes , performing illegal acts is a saintly activity .
Kind and reassuring , Vera Drake must be the most grandmotherly illegal abortionist ever known to mankind .
Staunton is phenomenal -- she barely speaks throughout the entire last third of the film , but the power of her posture and distraught expressions are enough to break your heart .
Vera is given a thoroughly devastating portrayal by Imelda Staunton , in the kind of role that elevates an actress into a lofty realm where those who never knew her suddenly knew it all along .
Should not be missed by anyone who stakes a claim on truthful character portrayal , fine performance and moving drama .
Vera Drake confirms Leigh 's reputation as one of the world 's master filmmakers -- and showcases Staunton as one of its great actresses .
Vera Drake is perfect down to the last detail .
The writer-director and his talented cast deliver a devastating social message , rooted in economic realities and full of quiet but acute character observation .
Using Staunton 's face as his canvas , Leigh crafts a powerfully moving film that is unmissable and unforgettable .
Vera Drake delivers what is rarely seen in contemporary films : a deft and sympathetic depiction of a good person whose compassion and kindness are the real thing .
Susan has served the point Leigh is making about how easy it is for affluent women to get safe abortions -LRB- no kidding -RRB- and is no longer of use or interest to him .
Vera Drake , a film about a back-street abortionist in 1950 London , is the English director Mike Leigh 's best work in a decade .
Building up to a shattering conclusion , Leigh 's movie is both outrageously schematic and powerfully humanist .
You can almost smell the damp wool and feel the worn china teacups of an exhausted 1950s London in Mike Leigh 's stunning and compassionate period drama Vera Drake .
The acting is brilliant and Leigh 's screenplay -- developed through his usual process of improvisation and rehearsal -- is very long on compassion , very short on preaching and politics .
The movie is all of a piece , and its discipline is part of its meaning .
Mike Leigh is still making films that bristle with honesty and life , fearlessly tackling issues that other filmmakers wo n't touch .
A Mike Leigh mistake .
While the drama is emotionally harrowing it 's also riveting , profoundly affecting and observed with a real generosity of spirit .
Beautifully shot and impeccably acted , Vera Drake will keep your mind reeling well after leaving the theater .
Even with his film 's solid foundation , Leigh seemingly can not resist the pulpy histrionics .
It 's almost as if a propaganda film made by Planned Parenthood had resurfaced after decades in storage . Timely , it 's not .
The title heroine 's goodness may stretch credulity , but such people do in fact exist .
Like any good Leigh film , Vera Drake is about the nature of family , which is the same thing as the nature of humanity .
It 's difficult to think of another recent film so seamlessly rendered or that envelops an audience so completely in its period authenticity .













@highlight

With a piercingly powerful performance by Imelda Staunton , Vera Drake brings teeming humanity to the controversial subject of abortion .