Considered the red headed stepchild of the ` Fast and Furious ' franchise , but beyond the obvious missteps , it 's a very fun outing that truly does n't deserve its bad rap .
... by far the most formally intriguing installment in the franchise .
A neon-lit western where the steeds are cast in steel and the drifter 's gunfight for the town and the girl is fought on four wheels ; it 's a movie proudly committed to noise , colour and motion .
A perfunctory and unintentionally goofy attempt to keep the series running without its stars Vin Diesel and Paul Walker .
The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift is an uninspired , unoriginal entry in what was already an unoriginal franchise . It 's fun to look at , but its narcissistic message is unappealing in the extreme .
Tediously testosterone-filled
It reaches a level of mediocrity that leaves the previous entries in the dust ...
... the movie 's striking setting and compelling lead performance ensure that it remains a slight cut above its immediate predecessor .
it 's craptacular
Just remember that the hot rods burning rubber are the real stars of this spectacular , high-octane tribute to testosterone .
The third entry in the Fast and the Furious franchise burrows culture shock in dishonesty .
Look out for a star cameo -- it 's the only surprise you 'll get from this heap .
The third time around for The Fast and the Furious finds the franchise spinning its tires .
This piece of junk is so bad that even Paul Walker turned it down .
A nod to the old `` new kid in town '' formula film ... it 's better than you might expect .
In Stunt Drivers Gone Wild 3 , the plot stays the same although the style of driving differs slightly .
It 's a weak sequel , to a weak series .
Lin 's enjoyably stupid action flick keeps the thrills coming thick and , er , fast .
I found myself responding to its fenderheaded foolishness ... and I suspect that those of you with a healthy taste for the absurd may find themselves reacting in the same way .
Unlike its two previous incarnations though , this one does n't necessarily have to be seen on the big screen , as its story is lacking quite some , and its stars , second-rate .
Another vapid actioner involving smoking wheels and women ... Tokyo Drift does n't burn its rubber very convincingly .
Both exhilarating and laughable -- a noisy neon mash-up of ` Blade Runner ' and ` Eat My Dust . '
Too much action , not enough talk
The racing sequences are the series ' meat and potatoes , but in terms of story , Tokyo Drift barely offers a stalk of asparagus .
The only Drift you 'll experience is the one towards sleep .
True , it tries to be tongue-in-cheek , but really it 's just cheek .
A number of questions spring to mind when considering The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift . Can the movies possibly get any faster or more furious ? What exactly is the Tokyo Drift ? And does Al Gore know what we can do to stop it ?
I do n't know about you , but I stopped playing with my cars when I was 10 and you never escape the feeling that the characters in this knackered Nissan of a film have never grown out of messing around with their brrm-brrms .
A meathead movie with no subtext at all .
... the kind of endearingly crappy guilty pleasure that 'll go down a lot easier a couple months from now on late-night cable , preferably accompanied by a six-pack and cheap pizza .
Tokyo Drift is a subculture in search of a compelling story line , and Black 's leaden performance makes you pine for the days of Paul Walker .
Sure , the story is pretty predictable and farfetched but that 's not why you 're seeing this . It 's all about the drift , baby !
The whole thing is preposterous . The acting is so awful , some of the worst performances I 've seen in a long , long time .
Perhaps the most glaring drawback to Tokyo Drift is the filmmakers ' cynical belief that their audiences do n't deserve any better .
You already know from the ads whether this show is just your speed .
If you like things that go vroom , then this has your name spray-painted all over it . Trashy , but fun .
This is true summer popcorn at its best .
Well made technically , but , still , just more of the same .
The cars are the real stars of the movie . They are jazzy and fast and have more personality than most of the actors .
Slick , shiny and adrenaline-propelled , it 's a junker . Avoid this noisy , shallow pit stop .
A juvenile jerk-off session of battling machismos .
The problem with contemporary Hollywood is n't that so many of the movies it 's churning out are based on formula ; it 's that so many directors take perfectly good formulas and wreck them with bad filmmaking .
The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift is vile , moronic , sexist and possibly harmful to society . As vile , moronic , sexist and possibly harmful entertainments go , however , it is frequently a hoot .
Put aside the topic and title , and you 've got a slick car-racing movie set in a sexy metropolis with a likable teen hero that stands just fine on its own .
It quickly tanks , thanks to a lead character with no goals , focus , appeal or intelligence and a lead actor who 's just a little too convincing at playing a dunce .
To call the film noisy and brainless is n't even a criticism -- it 's unadulterated auto-porn , as shallow and shiny as it wants to be .
This greased popcorn box uses women as hood ornaments .
If Tokyo Drift was a demolition derby , it might succeed . As a movie , it eventually crashes and burns , totaled by a mind-numbing plot , too few compelling characters , and action that grows tiresome .
OK , they squeezed one more lap out of this franchise . It 's been a fun ride , but it 's time to shut things down . If you get my drift .
Despite all the silliness the drift races are gripping , and director Justin Lin captures Tokyo 's energy and glitter far better than Sofia Coppola .
Padded with relatively unknown actors , `` Tokyo Drift '' is more of an actors ' showcase than fully fleshed-out movie .
This is an exceptionally stupid and irresponsible movie on some levels . But it does score points for style and exotic location .
As idiot car-crash movies go , Tokyo Drift is pretty fun , and certainly a more-than-decent entry in this franchise .
Unlike the campy 2001 Vin Diesel vehicle that started it all , what 's missing in this third incarnation is any sense of fun , overrun by the forced seriousness of a soap opera mistaking itself for serious drama .
The movie teaches us that you can flip your car down a mountain 15 times and walk away from it with two Tylenol .
It 's the usual crap .
The kind of movie in which plot and performances -LRB- and members of the fairer sex -RRB- are treated as accessories , Tokyo Drift is all about the action . And on that count , it wo n't let you down .
Tokyo Drift jump-starts the franchise with a high-octane mix of action , hot stars and smokin ' cars .
Tokyo Drift 's single contribution to the F&F formula comes with the word ` Drift , ' which is n't just a reference to what your attention might do while you 're watching this flashy , dull movie .
Best viewed as an energetic cartoon , an unintentionally amusing , head-shaking guilty pleasure that will divert those not in the mood for anything more profound than gleaming metal and preening women .
Tokyo Drift has no story and no stars . That just leaves the rides , which are shiny and loud and fast and sometimes just as computer-generated as their counterparts in Pixar 's Cars .
Shifting the action to Japan makes this third movie in the over-the-top street racing series a lot fresher , but you 'll still need to shift your brain into neutral to keep your suspension of disbelief from bottoming out .
Anyone who still longs to see gaijin yahoos tear up Tokyo 's streets will be appeased by the high-speed action in this perfunctory but reasonably efficient entry in the franchise spawned by the 2001 surprise hit The Fast and the Furious .
A crazy-cool screech of a movie , The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift is a complete gas , a mad cross-cultural twist on a near-forgotten film genre that keeps your eyes glued to the screen .
Think of the countless car chases you 've seen at the movies . Then catch Tokyo Drift to understand how this movie , as silly as it is , offers something different and fresh . For fans of the genre , that 's a stunt worth getting revved up for .
It delivers all the races and crashes you could possibly desire , and a little more .
It 's a bad movie because it manages to take these tried-and-true elements -- hunky rebels , hot-chicks and fast cars -- and make them boring .
A couple bravura set pieces and a surprise cameo may make fans forget that for much of the time , this `` Fast and the Furious '' is closer to `` Sluggish and the Dispassionate . ''
The cars only flirt with destruction . And the movie only flirts with entertainment .
If I can get away with saying this with a straight face , The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift is two thirds of a great B-movie Western .
It 's a modern day Romeo and Juliet with a whole lot o ` Pimp my Ride ' thrown in .
Even amid the formulaic romancing of boys and girls and above all , cars , the movie takes up the concept of `` drift '' as metaphor , ideology , and aesthetic .
Much of the film is harmlessly generic , but in its last half-hour it plumbs new depths of dumbness that markedly lower its overall score .
Brief snippets of eye-candy aside , this flick 's as dumb as a box of rocks and twice as pointless .
Having lived through many a Minnesota winter , call me unimpressed to see a bunch of toy cars swerving wildly around city streets .
Lin had the opportunity to create a vision of -LSB- Tokyo -RSB- that feels updated , hip , and relevant . He may have only half-succeeded here .
... the high-octane mix of high speed , slick style and gear-head stupidity is the same in the third installment of the street-racing cinema brand name .
sets itself up for instant parody
Even NASCAR fans might tune out to the loud rhythms of souped-up autos .
Similar to its two predecessors in melodrama and gloss , The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift follows in its own tradition of quality .
To call it a great film would be to oversell it , but as a fun , fascinating work of kinetic art , a 100-minute visual spectacle , it 's a knockout .
Depending on your appetite for great stunts and bad drama , you 'll either find this full-bore entertainment or just fully boring .
For all its crashes and flash , this is a movie that drifts away as we watch it . Muscle cars and all , it 's often a waste of gas .
Director Justin Lin -LRB- Better Luck Tomorrow -RRB- goes back to basics , back to what everyone liked about the original , namely mindless car-racing fun .
Furiously sexy . Black is perfectly sex-showcased without taking off his shirt or kissing a girl . Tokyo has no one over 20 .
Each film throws two or three okay action scenes into an otherwise wobbly blend of macho posturing , philosophically windy chitchat and moldy archetypes .
Fans of the series will find lots to like in the almost nonstop racing action of this third installment . Let 's hope they heed the do n't - try-this-at-home warning at the end of the film .
The drivers do things Click and Clack would never dream of , and that lets Drift do what all three Fast and Furious movies are supposed to do : thrill us with stunts we 've never seen .
Yes , the driving is cool . No , there is nothing else of value .
Black ... makes the formerly fast and furious Paul Walker look like Kenneth Branagh ...
The movie lurches , wheezes and misfires throughout , with a clunky pace more suited to those who live life one Quarter Pounder at a time .
This thing hums along like a rebuilt vintage turbine compared with -LSB- director -RSB- Lin 's previous , unfortunate Annapolis .
Going to Japan for this movie was a smart move by the filmmakers . Not only does it provide new backdrops for the races , but the F&F movies -LRB- as their fans call them -RRB- have drawn a huge international fan base .
The adrenaline-charged racing sequences have a kind of brutally modern elegance . But when their fingers slip from the nitro fuel-injection buttons and the teens are forced to say a few syllables , big chunks of the movie come to a tire-screeching halt .
The thin story and thinner characters are just setups for the race sequences , which are punctuated by lavish parties where lithe women seem to outnumber the guys by a 5-to-1 ratio .
Manna from gearhead heaven , the third and most guiltily pleasurable Furious emits the crude thrills of a 1950s drag-racing cheapie , only with souped-up Toyotas and Nissans in place of gas-guzzling hot rods .
As for the racing sequences , they might be thrilling if they were n't so chaotically edited .
Aside from trying my patience , the film offered one important lesson : never again attend a movie with the words ` fast ' and ` furious ' both in the title .
Racing junkies would be better off browsing the myriad online drifting videos where the camera does n't cut and the people do n't speak . Film buffs would be better off watching Two-Lane Blacktop , but they probably already knew that .
On par with the rest of the series ... it 's all fun and games until someone gets hurt , and then it 's off the hook !
If -LSB- Lost in Translation -RSB- had had more fast cars and no capable acting whatsoever , it would be this movie ; it 's like Sofia Coppola went through Pimp My Ride film school .
Though the movie is the most formulaic sort of testosterone-driven junk , it 's served up expertly by director Justin Lin and his associates .
The third movie in the Bad News Bears series , a notable turkey , went to Japan . That trip spells certain doom for the Fast and the Furious franchise as well .
So what if the movie dumbs down Japanese culture to a bad yakuza movie and features Japanese characters who can barely speak Japanese ? The cars are the stars here . Everything else is lost in translation .
You 've seen it all before , except that you have n't , not quite this way .
A high-test wet dream for the teenage mentality , but with a pay off of something new on the action movie circuit .
This movie is for freshmen only because it does n't rise to the level of being sophomoric .
The plot is basically scrap metal ; but for those who appreciate high-paced motor stunts , this heart-pounder lives up to its name .
When the engines are roaring , director Justin Lin 's movie is incomparably thrilling ; but when the drivers start talking , yawn , it all starts to drift .






@highlight

Eye-popping driving sequences coupled with a limp story and flat performances make this Drift an adequate follow-up to the previous Fast and Furious installments . Strictly for the racing crowd and fans of the first two films .