Might keep the youngest of kiddos hypnotized by the gaudy imagery on screen , but Hop is far from hip .
They should have just brained the bunny . Would have gotten people talking .
A miscast Russell Brand and some poor writing make the film nothing but a decent one time watch .
A chip off the old munk -- `` Chipmunk . '' And that 's not a good thing .
The story is really all over the place , but it 's your only choice for an Easter Bunny movie for miles around , so expect to see this one cycled around again each spring .
Harmless but not exactly clever .
Hop starts out cute , but slowly dissolves into a mundane , droll experience completely derivative of Alvin and the Chipmunks and numerous Christmas movies .
It 's not brilliant , but you probably already guessed that ; this is a film about a mythical rabbit who poops jellybeans , after all ...
Director Hill , who previously combined live action and animation with the second `` Garfield '' film as well as `` Alvin and the Chipmunks , '' has a way of telling a story seamlessly .
Hop is populated with humour that is slow , dated and mindless , an ADD confection of half-baked slapstick and notions of the healing power of Easter chocolate .
Hop is n't charmless , but it is inert .
A mostly silent theater filled with kids is one indication of this failed venture , a clock-watching pace and overall lack of creativity are two more
Santa is SO last year .
Kids will love Brand 's frenetic drumming take on E.B. , adults will love that there are a few clandestine adult jokes .
As cute and cuddly as a plush , floppy-eared rabbit despite a character some may find offensive : a Spanish-accented chick named Carlos ... plotting to dethrone the Easter Bunny .
Almost every scene 's overscored , overtold or overdone to the point of the jokes getting runny . Hop seems to think filling out the formula and being super-duper eager-to-please is enough . Hobbling along , this bunny just ai n't funny .
The bunny poops jelly beans , which provides a nice metaphor : The film is slick and colorful , but it 's formulaic crap .
Eggcellent family fare .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Parts of this movie made me hopping-mad . But , hey , I 'm a bunny and I hop a lot . It annoyed my two-legs , too , though , and she never hops .
... as sweet and tasty as a candy marshmallow chick -- and about as nourishing .
Perfectly pleasant , funny , if unexceptional Easter holiday movie .
-LSB- A -RSB- heavily marketed piece of unfunny .
Hop is the kind of movie that makes helpless critics wish we could stage an intervention . Parents ! It does n't have to come to this !
Cute-and-cuddly , filled with frantic , family-friendly bunny banter , it 's nevertheless derivative of ` The Santa Clause ' and ` The Tooth Fairy ' - and decidedly mediocre .
A clunky , mirth-challenged mix of live action and animation , Hop should be bounced to the back of the family 's to-do list in the coming holiday period .
This was the first time in a long time I can remember really craving a piece of candy during a movie
You know that sense of childlike wonder you experience when you tear away the shiny foil and bite into a huge milk chocolate egg - only it turns out to be carob ? Well , Hop is a carob egg .
I wish I could say that Hop is a complex remake of Scorsese 's own controversial Easter movie , but it 's more likely that any similarity between characters living , dead or reborn are completely coincidental .
An act of aggression against childhood .
The film is bright and breezy and the animation is first rate . Some of the jokes are lame , and it 's more a film for younger , and less sophisticated children .
For the most part it tries too hard , lurching from one plot contrivance to another and never giving any of its cast -LRB- apart from the heroically hard-working Marsden -RRB- much to do .
There 's something really creepy about the 37-year-old Marsden playing a guy who 's still living with his parents , has no job , no friends , no girlfriend , and no interests .
Unpleasant , unfunny and uninspiring ...
E.B. is brought to life by Brand , the CGI is seamlessly worked into the live action , and Hop is briskly paced . It 's entertaining enough but ultimately disposable .
Very simple but very cute , this one 's a sure hit with the littlies .
Adults will pretty much have to check their brains in at the door , sit back , and enjoy the popcorn and snacks .
Overall , there 's a Teflon quality to `` Hop '' : it does the job , but it does n't stick .
For kids it may be a hit but for adults ` Hop ' is a flop .
It 's a perfectly averagely-executed movie for little kids that 's marginally about the pleasures of sugar and furry animals . Nothing more , nothing less .
This is a very bad movie .
Gone are the days of childlike mystery , and in their place we have the childish Hop .
If anyone needed a reason to boycott Easter , this it .
The film is too concerned with providing inappropriate product placement for Playboy to bother with anything more than the most specious story beats ...
It 's a combination of the worst movies about trouble in Santa Claus 's north pole toy factory and a version of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory lethally laced with sugar .
The animated critter that is at the center of this mess makes for one odd chick .
Fulfills the `` Golden Hasselhoff '' rule , which holds that any work of `` art '' blessed with The Hoff 's presence is all the better for it .
The bunny-gets-injured , slacker-saves-Easter plotline does n't pack too much predictability but Brand does his best with the material and it 's cute enough for kids .
An ultra cute family film catering for the under 12 set , Hop combines live action with the colourful animated world of the Easter bunny as it tells a happy story about families , expectations and dreams
Like the colorful candies of Easter , `` Hop '' is a pastel distraction lacking any kind nutritional value . Inside its foil wrapping exists an endless array of predictable jokes , aimless subplots and obnoxious characters . It 's a disaster .
Using animation and live action quite impressively , ` Hop ' takes one reactionary myth and uses it to reinforce that myth as well as others
The lack of any comparable reality check will make this one an endurance test for most people who are n't five .
Other than some truly obnoxious and out of place sexual innuendos that serve no purpose and have no reason to be in the film other than to help it achieve a PG rating , this is a picture unashamedly geared towards little kids under the age of ten .
Most gags are as disposable as last week 's colored eggs , but there 's likable geniality that keeps Hop tolerable , hinging on your tolerance of Brand 's cheeky style .
As fake and forgettable as a marshmallow Peep , `` Hop '' goes down easy enough . It 's the thought of a talented actor stuck on an industry conveyor belt that leaves an unfortunate aftertaste .
Just like its sugary setting , Hop is designed to sugar coat everything , and cynically give Easter that commercial feel normally reserved for Christmas .
Hop is spectacularly charmless -- there 's no spring in its step . The last thing we need is an Easter movie that comes limping down the bunny trail .
Though the integration of live action and animation is improving -LRB- especially a scene where E.B. cuddles with Fred 's sister -RRB- , it 's still a slightly disorienting experience .
Silly animated/live-action holiday comedy is fun for kids .
The real disappointment , though , is Brand as E.B. , giving a motor-mouthed G-rated spiel that denudes him of his R-rated personality .
Hop is just too shrill , slick and sickly sweet for anybody 's good . Watching it wo n't rot your teeth , but it could leave an ugly cavity in your brain .
Uninspired , bland , charmless and increasingly asinine . Only little kids might be fleetingly amused by the eye candy and sight gags .
Hop ca n't even find anything funny to do with Kaley Cuoco .
Hop is a hodge-podge of a movie in which stretches of dull subplots and narrative stagnation are broken up by an occasional good laugh .
It 's like a cartoon root canal for your brain .
Colorful and disposable entertainment for the kids . Adults will be intermittently amused but will spend more time checking their watches .
Hop is a cheap chocolate Easter bunny of a movie ; completely hollow , well beyond its sell-by date , and after it 's finished you 're left feeling a bit ill .
To put it succinctly : Hop is brain death .
Thus we have Hop , which I 'm sad to say is n't all that bad , and is n't all that good . It 's as if it knew it had the holiday all sewn up and did n't even bother to try very hard .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- infused with a demented , genuinely subversive spirit that comes straight from Russell Brand , who voices E.B. .
A fun and funny mix of live action and animation that puts the hop back into Easter .
Hop integrates animated characters into live-action settings , relying on director Tim Hill to handle the logistics of convincingly blending both worlds .
Flop would be closer .
While the world 's desperate cries for more sequels to The Santa Clause go unanswered , Universal Pictures brings us the next best thing .
Even the most undemanding of children wo n't enjoy this sickly confection that would have benefited from better one-liners . Or a dose of myxomatosis .
... a dull and aggressively mediocre comedy ...
It may be okay for kids under 10 but this anodyne movie will try the patience of the family audience for whom it strives mightily .
Marsden has charisma to spare and is clearly game for the many pratfalls , but the more fantastical AND entirely animated sections of the film set in the factory are far superior .
Witty scripting spices up a sugary scenario , giving this fluffy family comedy some adult-pleasing bite . It ai n't Shrek , but it ai n't dreck either .
It 's supposed to be sweet , but `` Hop '' is a headache waiting to happen .
Marsden is working it as he embraces the silliest of moments and makes us laugh .
`` Hop '' feels less like an attempt to tell a story than an attempt to reach out to as many marketing demographics as possible .
It will charm the training pants off of the audience for which it is intended -- without leaving parents constantly checking their watches .
Presented with the opportunity to do the first-ever big-budget Easter bunny flick mixing live action and animation , `` Hop '' gives us ... a bunny who poops jelly beans .
It offers a glimmer of amusement , but only to kids still young enough to believe in the Easter Bunny .
`` Hop '' may not be the best holiday live animation , but its attempt is not terribly flawed .
I think mom , dad and the kids will have fun .
It could be worse . That 's not intended as praise -- just a sigh of mild relief .
You can practically hear the director shouting that at the actors before he rolls tape ; ` It 's just a kid 's movie . Now dance , you monkeys ! '
This Easter , celebrate with a slice of rabbit pie at home while avoiding this film .
Despite some surface appeal , it is as hollow in the center as a chocolate rabbit .
There is no denying how much better it might have been with an extra screenplay polish and a greater willingness from director Tim Hill to think outside the box .
A soulless and depressing film , with plasticky production design .
Kiddies might be eggcited by the critters and candy , but for most peeps , this bunny-buddy comedy delivers a mixed basket .
A fairly undistinguished but pleasant and easy-to-take holiday movie , with slow spots and silly spots and a handful of moments of inspiration .
Silly , energetic and mildly amusing .
Hop will win audiences over with its goofy charm .
All you really need to know about Hop - a godforsaken mixture of live action humans with animated rabbits - is that it 's brought to you by the same geniuses who gave us Alvin And The Chipmunks .
Lays one big , though colorful , Easter egg .
The bunny 's cute , but the story 's mangy in Hop , a forgettable family film that may play well to young tykes but wo n't hold the interest of parents or older siblings .
`` Hop '' is stuffed with humorous moments and clever gags .
The whole thing raises questions of the type it is almost embarrassing to contemplate ; it 's almost like `` Donnie Darko , '' for little kids .
All in all , it 's hard to know for whom `` Hop '' is made .
The only thing missing is any real wonder , imagination or comic verve .
`` Hop '' is hip . And sassy , speedy and slick . It 's that rarest of surprises , a movie for kids that transcends age barriers .
Brand does manage to play an obnoxious creature with a kind of charm . He feels like the only person who does n't need this movie .
Anyone bewailing the near-absence of tacky family films inspired by Easter need bewail no more : Hop has arrived to fill the void .
... almost entirely witless .
If the filmmakers had just made a movie about E.B. and his clever animated bunny world , they might have delivered a tasty Easter surprise . This one has been sitting in the back of the fridge too long .
The LA antics are woefully familiar , and not helped by Marsden 's mugging .
Smaller kids will think E.B. is real , older kids will be bored by the story and adults will think David Hasselhoff must really need the money .
... the almost willfully brain-dead tone of Hop began trying my patience right off the bat .
Leap to another theater , and wait for something that 's worth your family 's time .
This is a movie convinced that a rabbit pooping jelly beans is the height of comedy .
The ideas are so uninspired and the direction so vanilla that the end result is nothing but a rotten egg .
Hop is hopeless .
A mild matinee ruckus that does n't feature much in the way of creative invention or comedic might . However , candyholics and fans of David Hasselhoff will be delighted .
What could have been a painfully childish animated Easter romp is given a shot of deranged humour and an above-average cast of voices and cameos .
Impressively animated , nicely written and gently amusing family comedy , enlivened by a terrific central performance from James Marsden and a weirdly note-perfect vocal effort from Russell Brand .
Skip , jump , run away , whatever ! Do anything you have to do to avoid Hop , which treats its plot like a formality and its young viewers like brainwashed twits .
Hill mines the same seam of cuteness as in his earlier Alvin and the Chipmunks , with Brand 's manic characterisation helping to paper over the cracks of a flimsy story .
If you 're 12 or younger , you 'll think it 's hilarious . If you do n't ? It 's going to be a long 95 minutes .
No amount of enthusiasm can make up for the shaky premise and half-hearted writing .
You 'll laugh a lot at this colourful Easter treat , so hop to it .
It goes through the motions provoking a few chuckles , yet wastes Brand 's flamboyant way with words by keeping him nailed down to the script .
Hill effortlessly blends state of the art CGI with winning animation .
It 's Alvin and the Chipmunks with only one chipmunk , and -LRB- if possible -RRB- even less fun .
Hop has one of the cutest bunnies you 'll ever see and plenty of other eye candy among its computer-generated visuals , yet there 's not much bounce to the story behind this interspecies buddy comedy .
The bunny ? It burns . Bad .
Dreary , forced , unfunny , juvenile without actually being stupid enough to provoke a laugh . At least it 's not in 3D .
Brand is diffident and banal ; he continues to lack versatility as an actor , seemingly more comfortable in his own skin .
It 's a story kids have seen a thousand times , and even recently in a far cleverer , engaging and touching way -LRB- How To Train Your Dragon -RRB- , and Hop brings nothing new or unique to the table .
It offers few surprises , and for your buck all you 'll essentially get is a cringe-inducing dance number , lame gags and an admittedly alluring display of oversized chocolate . Avoid .
There are not enough chocolate eggs in the world that could save this dud of an Easter Bunny movie .
Despite its scattered frenzy , Hop -- thanks to its fondness for smushing together seemingly incongruous elements and Marsden 's goofy , bug-eyed mugging -- is just demented enough to deliver a fleeting sugar rush .
Looks suspiciously like a cack Santa flick in which the fat red guy 's been switched with a talking rabbit .

@highlight

It 's impressively animated , but Hop 's script is so uninspired that not even James Marsden 's frantic mugging can give it any bounce .