There are the occasional moments when Bushwick lets on that it knows that this is all truly awful .
By taking it seriously , the filmmakers end up calling more attention to every absurd moment . Movie wise , there 's few things worse than a dumb action movie tries to be serious .
Snow and Bautista do their best , but they 're being asked to play paper-thin people , and any character development invariably gets lost every time the filmmakers decide to embark upon another unbroken take or fancy camera maneuver .
... what we see on screen could easily have been from an embedded documentary ...
There 's fierce tension in this breathless urban survival thriller as anarchy comes to New York streets . Terrific , innovative low-budget action filmmaking .
This is a gruesome and unapologetic film that knows its identity and rides it from start to finish .
... in its best moments combines the role-reversal/neighborhood pride of Attack the Block with the `` we are the enemy '' mentality of The Purge .
... an impressive technical achievement dragged down by a script that does n't achieve the intended emotional resonance , either for its characters or for its topical but heavy-handed political message .
The effects are scarcely special , and Bushwick locals will have many bones to pick , but somehow the movie gets to you , with its doomy political soothsaying .
Delivering knockout action and political punch , this blazing siren of a B movie imagines America at civil war with vicious force . Sequel , please .
Bushwick should have been an exciting and timely response to our nation 's difficulties . Instead , it is just plain boring .
If the South actually were able to invade Hollywood , whoever was involved in this movie would probably have it coming .
For a small budget , the action is thrilling , and while hammy acting , unnecessary gore and a sagging middle stretch disappoint , overall this is a smart , cheeky film with a plot that 's probably actually happened since this section went to print .
The film works as a hollow tale of `` resistance '' , with less of a stake in the politics of collective action than in the visceral business of individual survival .
The logistics interested me more than the shallow plot .
Bushwick plays like Red Dawn by way of John Carpenter , and deserves to sit pretty high up in the sub-genre of paramilitary invasion flicks .
The screenplay promises more excitement than it delivers , fails to develop characters beyond their most tertiary identities , and belly-flops even as political satire .
What could have been a great B-movie winds up being merely solid .
An intensely physical , adrenaline-propelled experience -- with touching , vivid depictions of human connection , pain , and fear -- this thriller about a full-scale invasion is terrifyingly timely .
This movie will lose the goodwill of any longtime New Yorker watching it within the first ten minutes .
Bautista is strong but others feel out of their depth .
Bushwick is an unpolished work , but there 's an adrenalin charge , sure thing . It 's close combat and it 's closer than most Americans might wish to believe .
`` Bushwick '' is an uncompromising film that makes the most of whatever budget constraints it was filmed under and has a from-the-ground-up realism that makes it almost uncomfortable to watch .
The sort of thing your Dad might watch on his day off work , and then completely forget about .
From its lurid early scenes onward , Bushwick walks a razor-thin line between Carpenter-esque political nihilism and outright exploitation .
The action feels far too staged to convince as a realistic scenario , and it all feels like a hollow exercise ...
-LSB- Bushwick -RSB- is a real-time thriller that plays out in a series of extended takes .
A chilling idea and an interesting central performance are undercut by pretty much everything else in this apocalyptic action film about a second American Civil War .
Early on , it becomes obvious that `` Bushwick '' is hiding invisible cuts in these long takes , but it 's not nearly as seamlessly executed as it was in `` Birdman . '' As a result , it becomes too easy to focus on where those cuts are awkwardly occurring .
Snow and Bautista deliver serviceable performances , and glimmers of humour give welcome relief in this darkly moody tale .
Dialogue and character development in Bushwick may be disappointing , as is Aesop Rock 's generic , over-employed score .
Bushwick never achieves what it sets out to do . It 's undone by a litany of bad decisions and the underlying weakness of the core material .
As silly as ` Red Dawn ' - either version-working only on the low level of a shoot - 'em - up video game .
90 minutes of real time that feels like five minutes of story and eighty-five minutes of `` Why am I following these people and their every walking/running step ? ''
Bushwick remains a fast-paced adventure , all the more so if you do n't give yourself time to ask too many questions .
If America is ready to listen to warnings , Bushwick delivers - no matter what your politics . And in a calmer , more peaceful age , it will still be a bloody good film .
The filmmakers feign boldness in tackling national politics , but revert to coyness and caricature when it comes to local matters , gesturing toward a multiculturalism that is n't even skin deep and sweeping gentrification under the rug .
Murnion and Milott construct a fluid , vivid depiction of battle zone panic and desperation , approaching the horrors of a war movie from an interesting point of view .
Some dodgy acting and iffy line-readings put a downer on this action thriller with a very topical slant .
Bushwick sets New York City ablaze but never tells us why , leaving viewers with nothing but street violence and an empty hopelessness .
A satirist might have spun this into something pointed and fun , with surreal stops along the way for Roberta 's pizza , used vinyl or artisanal pickles . Nope . This is all downbeat and somber , with an ending that seems especially pretentious .
It 's a mean , mean movie , and its meanness epitomizes its utter pointlessness as both entertainment and commentary .
Who needs heroes when you have pseudo-intellectual hipster bullshit ?
Unfortunately , as much as you might want to be impressed by its kamikaze visual ingenuity , Bushwick is a hollow , ultimately unsatisfying exercise in organized chaos .
Directors Cary Murnion and Jonathan Milott throw in plenty of explosions , fights and chases to distract us but whenever the action stops , the film begins to seem very silly indeed .
Low-budget but effective .
Nobody involved in this project seems to have considered the absurdity of another U.S. civil war taking citizens completely by surprise , as if such an extreme national rupture could occur with zero preamble .
BUSHWICK is a taut thriller that manages to successfully use the one take treatment .
Come from the poorly timed political message and you 'll get a dull , predictable B-movie bust .
Little more than a video game with dialogue that seems improvised -- and badly .
A muted polarized America in civil war satire -- more a blown opportunity than a winner .
The picture gave me gooseflesh and by its nasty , shocking , horrifying conclusion , I was truly , deliciously , orgasmically spent .
Fast , chaotic , and slightly out of step with contemporary Trumpian politics , the second feature from Cary Murnion and Jonathan Milott , brings little innovation to the civil apocalypse sub-genre , but it plays the beats cheerfully and effectively .
Offers impressively staged action and an intriguing premise , but is let down by uninspired dialogue and underdeveloped characters .
Netflix continues to surprise with its irreverent productions , full of great generic contrasts and violating almost sacred schemes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its characters are flimsy , its narrative articulation certainly clumsy and its outcome , anticlimactic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Purge sequels do this kind of thing with a lot less fuss .
As the big brute , Bautista is endearing in an against-type performance , while Snow wins our sympathies as the ditzy college student .
The themes that Murnion and Milott explore here , as well the breakout performances of both of its co-stars , make for a solidly entertaining and thought-provoking experience , even if Bushwick feels a bit rough around the edges at times .
Bushwick provides an interesting , effective take on the idea of urban invasion , providing a particularly bleak glimpse into an apocalyptic struggle even more chilling given recent political developments .
Good action design is n't able to compensate for a predictable script .
Sadly , the single-shot gimmick produces almost nothing of interest after that opening scene . The opportunity for forced perspective feels wasted and the movie becomes a trudging slog from first scene to last .
Bushwick suffers from an aimless start , stretching the revelation of the invaders ... Once the film answers this question , it settles into a deceptively cathartic cosmopolitan revenge fantasy .
Even if the low budget execution is uneven at times , there 's enough snap to the filmmaking , and enough raw power in the premise , to make for solid B-movie excitement .

@highlight

Bushwick 's sociopolitical subtext gives it more heft than the average action thriller , but those ideas are given short shrift in what amounts to a disappointing shoot - 'em - up .