If these events seem to fit a little too neatly into modern narrative , seem almost too ready-made for current controversies ... a few minutes ' worth of research confirms the essential truth of the story .
For Greater Glory will move the audience and perhaps inspire them .
For Greater Glory takes what should have been an involving , even shocking hidden part of history and turns it into a needless epic
`` For Greater Glory '' takes its cues from a bygone era of Technicolor Golden Age epics and delivers a sprawling political drama steeped in old-fashioned Hollywood romanticism .
The compelling archival footage , which literally made me gasp aloud , and the incredible , disturbing photos are amazing . Unfortunately , you 'll see them only during the end credits of ` For Greater Glory . '
It 's the kind of now-obscure subject matter that could be fascinating if done well , but here just feels like an obligation . And yeah there 's going to be a test , so good luck at not falling asleep in class .
The story deserves a better movie than it gets here ...
An interesting historical drama that only mildly entertains
Curiously , rookie director Dean Wright ca n't seem to make a struggle for one of the most basic rights all that interesting .
The film 's length and muddled message will likely keep it from reaching much of an audience , even within the presumed Latino faith-based target .
Solemn and fervent , delivering an educational history lesson that defeats itself because of its R-rating .
For Greater Glory serves as a timely reminder of just how fragile religious freedom can be .
As generic as the title , this historical drama spares no cliche in depicting Mexico 's Cristero War of the late 1920 .
Epic tale about religious freedom gets very bloody .
You 'll be forgiven -LRB- on earth if not in heaven -RRB- should you find yourself humming `` Onward , Christian Soldiers '' as you exit the theatre .
It 's the stuff of real life , and of high drama , but Dean Wright 's directorial debut translates little of that latter quality to the screen .
`` For Greater Glory '' is at times so heavy-handed that the movie itself seems at war . Unfortunately , the enemy is not just a repressive administration , but the audience .
Despite enough good intentions to pave a four-lane highway , the ardently sincere but dramatically unfocused For Greater Glory plays like a multipart miniseries that has been hacked down to feature length .
This historical drama about the little-known Cristero War in 1920s Mexico is more educational than involving .
The sometimes painfully sincere and slow-moving `` For Greater Glory '' clearly aspires to be inspirational , but history wo n't cooperate .
The result is pretty much as forgettable as the Cristeros War .
This movie either needed to be longer , to expand the storylines that were lacking , or shorter , cutting all the stories and characters that were n't fully developed .
A bit -- okay , a lot -- more back-story probably would have been beneficial , as would have been a greater understanding of who characters are and what makes them tick . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Andy Garcia , Oscar Isaac , and Genesis Rodriguez bring some depth and dignity to a script that is sincere but clunky .
It is a scattered mess , as earnest as a folk song , but like a folk song that goes on for two hours and 23 minutes .
Ultimately a stodgy , overblown and repetitive slog .
The jamming together of so much history and melodrama makes for a handsome movie that is only rarely gripping .
It 's a powerful , visually elegant picture from first-time director Dean Wright .
There 's a hagiographic tone to the film , which ... strains for epic sweep but gives itself over to historical oversimplification and pious melodramatics .
If Michael Bay woke up one day and said to himself , `` I need to make a movie about religious persecution in 1920s Mexico , '' I imagine it would look something like this .
-LSB- It -RSB- seems to last longer than the Mexican conflict itself . I saw the movie a month ago , and I 'm not entirely convinced that it 's ended yet .
The scenes just plod along without much to help distinguish them . It 's not an epic movie so much as an epic run-on sentence .
Takes its cues from the Mel Gibson School of Screen Martyrdom , making sure this education on Mexican history carries significant ugliness .
Admirable but flawed attempt to enlighten and entertain film audiences by dramatizing an important but long-hidden 20th-century Mexican war . Succeeds as a history lesson , but fails rather glumly as entertaining and/or gripping cinema .
Director Dean Wright and screenwriter Michael Love fail to develop compelling characters or to construct a coherent plot .
If you want to understand what 's happening , you might want to read up on the Cristero War before you go .
When its passion connects with several strong performances , it transcends a heavy piousness .
Ultimately the movie has too much going on to be primarily a campy pleasure .
A seemingly three-year drama about a three-year war .
If you 're making a movie aimed at people of a particular faith , you might want to cut it below an R-rating . And if you 're going to attempt an epic , you need to spend more money than this .
In spite of its R rating and sometimes horrifying imagery , For Greater Glory seems to belong in the classroom of a lazy Sunday-school teacher rather than a movie theater .
It is well-made , yes , but has such pro-Catholic tunnel vision I began to question its view of events .
A sweeping , handsome epic with strong performances , solid production values and magnificent locations across Mexico .
It is plodding , lazily filmed , gassy with James Horner 's score , and pads its runtime only by way of tolling repetition .
This drama styles itself as a cinematic epic , but its substance is as flimsy as a Jack Chick pamphlet .
The film is awash in blandly brown-toned cinematography , action scenes more violent than rousing , and a whole host of bathetic subplots .
A stirring , even epic dramatization of an actual war in Mexico pitting a brutally anticlerical government against forces fighting for religious freedom .

@highlight

It has laudable aspirations , but For Greater Glory ultimately fails to fulfill its goals due to an overstuffed script , thinly written characters , and an overly simplified dramatization of historical events .