This is a great jumping-off point if you 've never been exposed to Don Coscarelli , one of the less-seen indie horror filmmakers out there . If `` JDATE '' serves as the gateway for new fans , then the movie will be twice the success it already is .
Jump in , leave you sense of logic at the door , sit back and enjoy the trip .
Rare is the flick that wedges this many genres into one frame , and so well .
This is a gloriously gonzo trip packed with enough odd narrative tangents to fill half a dozen features . While not always successful , this energetic mash-up so genuinely wants to entertain that it 's hard not to be won over by its barrage of absurdity .
The saving grace of John Dies at the End is undoubtedly its manic storytelling : the energy and pacing of scenes give the movie the impression of being told on the spot -LRB- which is of course what the framing device intends -RRB- .
stands up to repeat viewings , and offers new insights each and every time
It is refreshing that Coscarelli is willing to offer viewers something that at least tries to take the rules of cinema into new directions .
Gonzo freakiness in such doses that cult status is practically ensured .
I stopped taking notes when the woman disintegrated into a ball of writhing snakes .
Despite its astronomical body count , John Dies at the End never takes itself too seriously , and neither should you .
Something so weird and off the beaten track that it 's kind of wonderful .
I 'm not saying this film will make more sense if you 're high . But it will make more sense if you 're high .
Director Don Coscarelli is n't especially smooth or coherent , and he leans on weird for weird 's sake .
How can a single movie contain all this awesome craziness ?
It 's like a series of blackout sketches , some of which are entertaining . But mostly , it 's a mess .
When is a phone call from your dead friend more than just bizarre ? When it 's made on a hot dog . It 's a hopeless mess . But , at least , for its first half , a very entertaining mess .
John Dies at the End is really freaking weird . It 's along the lines of Quentin Dupieux 's Rubber , but really pushes the boundaries of absurdity . Just remember that you do n't choose the soy sauce . The soy sauce chooses you .
A confusing plot to begin with , the adaptation of the novel is a certified mess , attempting to provide blow-by-blow illustrations of scenes from the source book , and lifting most of the narration and dialogue verbatim .
Coscarelli 's visual imagination is still capable of making you sit up and take notice
-LSB- It -RSB- eventually finds its own rhythm and meaningful chaos .
... a hilarious and occasionally icky story that should hit the sweet spot for people who like twisted movies and are fed up with the Hollywood assembly line .
With Coscarelli 's kinetic camerawork and drugged-out , comic-book visuals , even the most confounding explanations are made palatable .
By the time the boys face battle with ` thinking machine ' Korrock in another dimension , it 's difficult to remain invested , although hallucinogens would probably aid immensely .
An enjoyable but less than totally absorbing linear adventure .
John Dies at the End should carry a drug label warning : caution consumption of this film may induce hallucinations , impair your ability to see the world as you once did , and cause outbursts of uncontrollable laughter .
Not your typical psycho-action-comedy-horror hybrid . A fun idea that starts out great , but then ...
Sort of like if Franz Kafka drank a bunch of absinthe and then wrote an homage to Sam Raimi , Bill & Ted 's Excellent Adventure and Donnie Darko . And that 's a good thing
More arch than amusing , John Dies at the End may exhaust your patience for everything-but-the-kitchen-sink `` storytelling . '' Still , there 's something endearing about its relentless barrage of gonzo happenings .
Contains all the ingredients for Stoned Late Show success .
Nobody cares about John .
Salvador Dali meets George Romero . Say hello .
Straightening out what 's ultimately , and almost literally , a shaggy dog story is n't the point . Hanging on and soaking up a glorious bit of cinematic weirdness , courtesy of Coscarelli 's fertile imagination , is .
Just trippy enough ...
As with most fantasy films , the story is secondary to inventive images and speculative ideas . And more than most , this one adheres to its own logic in ways that are continually entertaining .
A midnight movie that makes you wish you went to bed early ... falls into the no-man 's - land of movies you may need to be high to enjoy , but can barely follow when sober .
`` John Dies at the End '' dies closer to the beginning , before writer-director Don Coscarelli 's adaptation of the book of the same name has reached minute 20 .
What Coscarelli 's achieved does n't feel like an adaptation . It feels more like he seems he skimmed the source material , burned it , and then assembled a vague recollection on film after three days of untold indulgences .
It 's when the movie loses its hallucinogenic set-up in favor of a more traditional narrative on its way to a clear non-ending that viewers will lose interest . The movie dies long before the end .
It 's woefully uneven and overly ambitious , but this silly and amusing nonsense is destined for midnight-movie and frat-house cult status .
`` John Dies at the End '' thinks it 's `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' for dudes . But in its randomness , its vulgarity and its level of humor , it 's more like the collected writings on the walls of a roadside men 's room .
It zigs , zags and trips over its own feet and on its own home-brewed hallucinogens . It 's a ridiculous , preposterous , sometimes maddening experience , but also kind of a blast .
A movie so brazenly off-kilter that I 'm not entirely sure its title is even accurate .
The `` wackiness '' -LRB- scare quotes included -RRB- is mostly ceaseless and tiresome , from the ravenous zombie neo-Nazi that leads things off to the Galaxy Quest rejects that figure in the movie 's annoyingly anticlimactic finale .
Only time will tell if John Dies At The End will achieve as similar a level of under-the-radar success as Coscarelli 's Bubba Ho-Tep , but it 's easy to believe the film is well on its way to becoming a cult classic .
Coscarelli 's most ambitious venture yet ... the ultimate freak-out , a breathless succession of non-sequitur imaginings . Whether you buy into it will depend on your tolerance for such mind-games .
It 's the ultimate in spoiler titles . And this stoner Ghostbusters , an altered state disguised as a movie , may also add up to a hot cult item if silliness does n't sabotage the scares
John Dies at the End could be an all-time classic .
You keep waiting for this stuff to start paying off , but it 's like plugging quarters into a broken slot machine .
-LSB- It -RSB- threatens to go completely off the rails at every turn . If you 're the intended audience for this film , you 'll realize that that 's one of the selling points .
A 25-year-old can get away with a sloppy horror-comedy mix of crazed visual effects and cartoonish characters . An aging auteur can not .
What may be the most freewheeling and imaginative film of Coscarelli 's checkered career , loaded with tripped-out mood and nicely balanced between humor , horror and an underlay of genuine sweetness .
John lives in a frisky otherworld of willful incoherence all its own .
John Dies at the End is joyously heterodox in its method , an everything-but-the-kitchen-sink mélange of sci-fi , black comedy , and action , with disquieting body-horror sight gags that at times recall David Cronenberg 's Naked Lunch .
A shaggy-dog story with restless leg syndrome .
When you 're having great fun at a movie and suddenly you 're not , where 's the fun ?
Once the colorful anecdotes sprawl out into an actual narrative , the film gets convoluted and loud , amplifying the weirdness without doing much to clarify it .
It 's one of those films that might as well be announced with the words `` cult classic '' emblazoned on the marquee . It 's an interesting failure that 's almost worth seeing for that reason alone . Kind of . Not really .
As much as I applaud the effort and ambition that went into adapting this movie from it 's source material , I ca n't rate movies based on trying hard and `` John '' dies long before the movie ends .
An original story that just ca n't live up to the promise of it 's ambition , `` John Dies at the End '' just is n't that good of a movie .
However daring it may be , unfortunately it never comes together into a cohesive whole . What could have just been a bizarre visual feast ends up getting distracted with a muddled plot that merely sells out in the end .
It 's a punchline in search of a joke , and it 's tiring to watch scenes ramble on without direction , while most stabs at humor are DOA , missing a cast with genuine comic timing .
John Dies At The End sometimes strains to live up to its midnight-movie reputation , but not every B-horror picture combines demonic creatures and ultra-violence with musings about what it means to be alive in a world that 's getting more unreal by the day .
John Dies at the End is a product of a parallel universe where slacker flippancy never got old -- and , oh , it is terrible .
Funny and a little spooky and entirely trippy .
-LSB- A -RSB- very off-kilter tale that plays to old school horror fans .
Even with its relatively limited resources , John Dies at the End creates a bigger and more involving world than most films with over 20 times its budget .
Should be too off the rails to work , but smart and steadfast filmmaking turn it into an oddly engrossing , funny and wildly enjoyable experience .
The frantic , grotesque imagery ironically only highlights Don Coscarelli 's inability to truly cut ties with the constraints of accepted storytelling .
Trained eyes will see the great movie a few million bucks away from reality
It 's hard to recommend John Dies At The End because Coscarelli will absolutely challenge some brains , but personally , I like the Soy Sauce influenced insanity which had my mind spinning with glee .
Walking out of John Dies At The End I was seized with an enormous certainty that the film I just watched will become an enormous , long-lived cult film .
When it works , however , it 's a gripping thrill-ride that also serves as a timely reminder of the unique talents of Don Coscarelli , one of our most interesting filmmakers , and one who ca n't be allowed to go another 10 years between features .
Like Edgar Wright 's Shaun of the Dead , Coscarelli 's film functions as affectionate homage to the horror material from which it draws its inspiration .
Coscarelli 's direction seems well-suited to the free-wheeling material , bringing a critically light touch to a story with apocalyptic stakes .
A loopy satire of `` Alien '' and similar horror tales with more laughs than scares and an incredible array of visual effects .
Bill and Ted meet Dawn of the Dead .
... a passable yet unspectacular horror effort that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been much better ...
Give or take the titular disclosure , John Dies at the End is a thoroughly unpredictable horror-comedy -- and an immensely entertaining one , too .
What it expects of the audience is disproportionate to what it offers .
Strikes me as a work-in-progress , but as it stands , the film is n't very good . However , the first forty minutes are terrific , and the two leads are great .
Horror-comedy from Phantasm director starts with a bang but quickly loses speed .
It 's a mess , but its best moments are exhilarating , getting hopelessly lost in Pargin 's surreal , completely disorienting world .
I think it 's a movie with real mainstream possibilities , even if it is willfully strange .


@highlight

Some will find the darkly funny , genre-bending incoherence of John Dies at the End charming ; some will feel its zany antics and gore lead to an unsatisfying payoff .