There 's something very sweet and real beneath all the bluster , braggadocio , disgust and denial , pushing through as improbably and miraculously as Moses through the Red Sea .
We 're basically left with a wild-eyed group of actors who probably had a lot more fun shooting When Do We Eat ? than they did watching it .
even with all the strange impractical goings on , as with all in this recent string of popular entertainment culled from authentic orthodoxy , there are moments of sheer breathtaking joy that elevate the spirit of a Jew by speaking to their core .
Litvak 's movie almost immediately barges across the line separating the comically absurd from the outright obnoxious .
Thanks to a great cast and sharp writing , When Do We Eat ? is a clever comedy with plenty of black humour and irreverence , all of which leads to contemplative thought .
Manages to be broad , mawkish and mean-spirited all at once .
A haunting and disturbing film .
This abrasive Passover comedy-drama is extremely difficult to sit through , and if its makers were n't all Jewish , it would be considered anti-Semitic .
... worth a look .
Oh , what a distasteful film .
Its strong cast is loud and lively , and the bickering banter has snap and drive .
A cute little Matzoh of a movie .
Crass , chaotic comedy .
The movie 's most distinctive feature is its cast , which has the fake lived-in comfort of a TV clan .
Despite the fact that the meal served is kosher , the recipe is so hammy that the movie proves pretty indigestible .
It borders on painful to see this cast go through the motions of this uninspired script .
Watching this movie is kind of like being sprayed with emotional vomit .
But even the film 's seeming singularity proves deceptive once it becomes apparent that When Do We Eat ? is less a Passover movie than a Thanksgiving or Christmas movie dolled up in Jewish drag .
Even Jewish audiences will be hard-pressed to find something to enjoy in this highly stagy , claustrophobic depiction of a Seder populated by one wacky family that seems to include every stereotype in the book .
Another entry in indiedom 's contest to create the most dysfunctional family .
Not recomended for the Goyim .
In this distasteful film from Salvador Litvak , a Jewish family tries to race through a Seder , but drug use , possible incest and some jokes at the expense of the autistic slow them down .
Though the script never rises above sitcom-style one-liners and sight gags , strong performances invest both the jokes and the syrupy moments of forgiveness and reconciliation with no small measure of , yes , heart .
While it does have some sweet moments and a handful of zingy one-liners , the film all too often resembles a trite dinner theater play that 's been minimally ` opened up ' for the screen .
When Do We Eat ? is as imperfect as the Stuckmans ' Seder , yet it has some decent punchlines , a strong cast and a good heart .
Cliches and loud stereotypes as fresh as year-old matzoh infest When Do We Eat ? , a farce about a wildly dysfunctional Los Angeles family 's disastrous Passover Seder .
A self-consciously zany dysfunctional family comedy , When Do We Eat ? strains so hard to be outrageous that it sacrifices characters for caricatures . They might have had something if they 'd let everybody relax , be themselves and enjoy dinner .
When Do We Eat ? is about as funny , emotionally satisfying and even spiritually significant as this type of thing gets .
If this is someone 's idea of dinner and a movie , you might as well skip the movie .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Litvak crams so many earth-shattering revelations and long-buried resentments into 93 minutes that the film feels as if it 's struggling to provide something recognizable to every potential ticket buyer .
When Do We Eat ? is n't a great film or , necessarily , a particularly good one , but it 's a worthy attempt at making an entertaining movie about faith .
When Do We Eat ? takes place before , during and after a Passover Seder . But you do n't have to be Jewish to savor this light and enjoyable comedy .
When Do We Eat ? may strike a chord with those struggling to reconcile traditional faith and modernity , though few are likely to buy Ira 's post-high transformation into a loving husband and father .
... genuinely funny .
Unfunny Semitic caricatures . Even worse than ` My Big Fat Greek Wedding . '
Eat soaks up the passions , disagreements , and love the Seder inspires , with the writers capturing the utter chaos of a full dinner table .
Making The Family Stone 's shenanigans and schmaltz seem downright sophisticated by comparison , Salvador Litvak 's Passover-themed film gives Jews an insufferable holiday family comedy to call their own .


@highlight

A crass , sitcom-ish holiday comedy , When Do We Eat ? presents all the over-the-top dysfunctional family hijinks one would expect from the genre .