Smart and engaging , but too many meandering breeze-shooting sequences .
It 's never enough to establish any sensitivity or social pertinence beyond the trifling tiffs which are playing out on screen .
Less dazed and confused than mumbling and mundane , this drama focuses on social awkwardness and twentysomething blues . Skipping aimlessly from scene to scene it offers little observations and rewards low expectations .
There 's only so much twentysomething navel-gazing one can listen to before wanting to slap some sense - and some fully formed sentences - into them all .
There is something teeth-grindingly cutesy about the whole thing , reaching epic levels of dippiness in the , ahem , nude trumpet-playing scenes . That makes it sound interesting , come to think of it , and perhaps it is .
For every revelatory moment of sharp perception there 's an eternity of goofy smiles , stuttered dialogue and embarrassed glances .
Hannah Takes the Stairs , the latest comedy of mannerisms in the `` mumblecore '' style , is maddening for 60 of its 83 minutes .
The film meanders along in conversational style , encouraging improvisational realism but also the thought that maybe these middle-class characters , not quite slackers , are less interesting than they , or the director , think they are .
Watchable independent drama from the mumblecore crowd , though it 's not quite sharp enough , funny enough or insightful enough to really get off the ground and the characters are occasionally irritating .
Goes full blast on geek chatter .
Joe Swanberg 's film wears out its welcome about halfway through its 83 minutes .
Swanberg can be playful behind the camera -- he has a taste for Godardian jump cuts -- and his sense of color is crisp . Gerwig , his millennial Jean Seberg , is no pixie ; her captivating ordinariness helps hold the movie together .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Swanberg nails the inane fun of youth .
No one involved seems to have any thoughts about why people are selfish and cruel to each other , but they 're more than willing to complain about it .
Chop off a star if you 're not up for highly experimental cinema .
When it works , it works like a charm .
Perfectly encapsulates the slow-motion , frustrated feeling of early adulthood , when longing and inchoate desire easily outnumber actual transformative events and achievements .
Performances help raise Hannah Takes the Stairs above the realm of self-indulgent cinema to something worth seeing .
Gerwig is a modest -LRB- like everything in Mumblecore -RRB- revelation in the role , with a lithe , teasing sexuality and a vibrant personality that seems to be darting off in as many directions as her tousled blonde hair .
Looks like it should be on an Off Off Off Broadway play in the Village ...
Gerwig proves herself to be a charming screen presence who manages to make her character somehow appealing despite her utter self-involvement .
Hannah is charmingly self-absorbed without the extenuating circumstance of self-knowledge . Above all , she 's young . The movie forgives her for that and , with occasional misgivings , so do we .
Hannah -LRB- Greta Gerwig -RRB- , the peroxided heroine , leaps from one hookup to the next , but is she searching for passion or just treading water ? In the new generational film movement that 's been dubbed ` Mumblecore , ' it 's often hard to tell the difference .
Swanberg is accurately charting the social rituals of the young and inarticulate .
Note to anyone who stumbles into this snoozefest : forget about taking the stairs-head straight for the nearest exit .
Gerwig actually gives her insufferable character some verve -- the actress has potential -- but the remainder of the movie is a slice of life that does n't much show much life .
The fumbling banalities spouted by the characters belie the prior achievements of the actors making them up .
-LSB- Actor -RSB- Gerwig -LSB- turns -RSB- her terminally anxious character into a poster girl for an entire subset of young women on the verge . Every generation gets the Darling they deserve . We now have ours .
Joe Swanberg 's charming comedy Hannah Takes the Stairs marks the Chicago-based filmmaker 's third feature , but his first to land theatrical distribution .
The loose , rambling conversations that substitute for action might be more interesting if any of the characters were capable of real introspection .
How can a movie with such a charming cast and believable dialogue -LRB- seemingly taken from the actors ' real lives -RRB- go wrong ? It ca n't .
Hannah Takes the Stairs is notable for what the movie represents : an evolutionary entry in the Do It Yourself -LRB- or D.I.Y. -RRB- independent film movement .
This do-it-your effort , shot in HD , would be nothing without hazel-eyed Greta Gerwig as Hannah , Meg Ryan-cute with a tousled Jean Seberg hairdo .
Gerwig 's talents might be better displayed in some form of scripted or structured film rather than this erratic warts 'n' all waste of time .
It 's impossible to predict how the Mumblecorps will mature but , given their immersion in the moment , I suspect that the films they 've made will age very well .
At what cost , naturalism ?
The unexpected appeal of this seeming non-story is cumulative ; what begins as a maddening portrait of a microcosm of liberal , well-educated white kids -LRB- with the occasional ethnic friend -RRB- steadily grows on you .
The result is a mesh of creative sensibilities that never quite congeals .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Joe Swanberg has an uncanny talent for making the randomness of downtime feel as alive as it seems generationally true .
A low-key and enjoyable film with a cast consisting mostly of other indie filmmakers and writers .
Unfocused and indulgent .
Hannah Takes the Stairs decidedly lacks narrative and closure , but it works very well at moderating an environment of casual , if mundane , affairs .
Each film -LSB- director Swanberg -RSB- does is a little more of an evolution in style and form and Hannah Takes the Stairs is like watching a natural progression of talent .
Most of the audience responded warmly to Hannah for its moments of sharp perception and its stringent , comic-wistful realism .



@highlight

Although not terribly focused , Hannah Takes the Stairs contains refreshing realism .