If you can grin and bear the fact something always comes up to replace the previous problem just solved , there is entertainment to be had .
Swerve plays out like a down under version of No Country for Old Men , sapped of any sense of tension , logic or charm .
As it zigs and zags , its plot unravels rather than tightens , and its curveball of an ending is bound to leave audiences feeling as double-crossed as some of the characters .
A series of winding roads lead nowhere in this low-budget Australian thriller .
You 've got your duplicitous blonde , a briefcase full of money , the hapless patsy , the angry cop , the loose cannon and the speeding train . Everything 's so in order that you could doze off and catch up with the plot within seconds of reawakening .
But for the most part , the most shocking thing about Swerve is how utterly straightforward it is .
It 's enjoyable enough , but low on novelty , beyond the stark beauty of the sun-bleached Outback landscape .
As the title of `` Swerve '' suggests , there 's a lot of driving , and cars and characters veer , though never far enough for either to arrive at some place , some narrative , that 's remotely new .
The story is uninspired , Lyons looks lost , and Booth makes for a bland femme fatale .
Almost all the parts of Swerve -- the predictable storyline , thin cast and flaccid action -- feel worn-out and second-hand . They still work , but they 're not much fun to watch .
The more narrative wrenches this modern-day noir throws at its characters-notably several literally physics-defying leaps of logic-the less involving it becomes . There are a few too many twists on this highway .
A watchable genre exercise .
... a brilliant noir that would have felt right at home in '40s Hollywood .
Regardless of its title , it 's a film that sluggishly sticks to the neo noir straight-and-narrow .
Staple pulp ingredients -- a girl , a gun , a stranger , a crooked cop and a suitcase full of hot cash -- are neatly moved around a dusty outback town in the juicy Aussie thriller Swerve .
Swerve certainly is the wrong turn , at the wrong place , at the wrong damn time - for the viewer .
A confident and exciting genre film , and that 's certainly not nothing , but it has a slight impersonality that marks it as either a calling card or a work for hire .
it may be a bumpy enough ride while it lasts , but it never feels important enough to escape its trivial status , or different enough from other genre flicks to grab the attention .
A solid Aussie thriller that does n't quite live up to its early promise .
Clumsily mounted , implausibly plotted , often wincingly bad attempt at an Aussie genre piece ... makes the same fundamental mistake as last year 's Blame : small-scale thrillers need stories that are duck-bum tight .
The story twists and turns with popcorn-friendly propulsion , never letting things get too serious to invite narrative nit-picking , nor too silly to squander the suspense .
Lahiff strings together an entertaining chain of actions 'n' consequences but yanks the strings of disbelief suspension too hard and aspires to do too much .
In the end , Swerve , does n't seem to be about anything other than its own mechanics . And that gets tedious very quick .
Once that body tumbles down the mine shaft , we 're in a different -- and inferior -- movie .
The sun-bleached terrain of the Australian outback is not the natural habitat of the noir thriller , so Craig Lahiff 's feisty genre outing is a neat surprise .
As a thriller ... SWERVE misses the target .
Firmly sticking to its noir roots , this is a modest but well-crafted achievement which remains entertaining throughout .
The film opens with great promise , wordless scenes building intrigue and tension . A case of money , a case of drugs , an explosive device , a deserted rendezvous - followed by a road accident , all told with images and music
Paul Grabowsky 's edgy score is a highlight of this taut thriller that rips along like a fast train on a track to nowhere .
A lively , noir-flavoured thriller with classic narrative ingredients and an A-grade Aussie cast in tow .

@highlight

It aims for pulpy noir thrills , but Swerve never lives up to the twisty promise of its title .