This movie had way too little science in it and way too much running around boringly . And the monsters ? Not even cool .
I actually enjoyed Pandorum , and I absolutely did not think I would . I 'm just as surprised as you are .
Well-paced and boasting impressive production design and a decidedly gloomy atmosphere , but execution , no matter how efficient , is no match for originality .
-LSB- Pandorum -RSB- might seem like a potentially cool movie , but unfortunately the key word is `` potentially '' .
It takes a brilliant concept and stellar performances and buries them in banality and mediocre scares .
A gorgeous production design ca n't save the picture from trying too hard to dazzle with very little inspiration , and while Pandorum is easy to stare at , it can be a seriously punishing sit .
A little bit ` Eden Log , ' a little bit ` Descent , ' and a whole lot of ` Alien , ' ` Pandorum ' ultimately succeeds as a watchable sci-fi/horror/mystery .
a sci-fi scenario far less interested in exploring outer space than human interiors where the only ` aliens ' are our own monstrous selves , just waiting to leap out of the atavistic shadows .
It 's basically a zombie movie set-up on an industrial spaceship , a fast-moving B-movie that throws out lots of theories that do n't stand up to the light of reason ...
I liked this movie even more on the second viewing . The monsters were trivial , but the plot was intriguing . Granted you would have to be a hard-core sci-fi fan to like this . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Veering between alarmist adventure on other planets and assault on viewer senses here at home , the claustrophobic cinematic terrorism seems to come awfully close to wielding a movie as a deadly weapon up on the screen .
full review at Movies for the Masses
An unusually unpleasant and unwatchable sci-fi endeavor ...
Clenches its teeth grimly as it blunders through its overstuffed plot .
too much of the film devolves into hectic action sequences that makes you feel like someone suddenly dropped you into a blender and turned out all the lights
An intensely effective sci-fi chiller , mainly thanks to its canny set and sound design , and its constant , relentless sense of dread and tension .
Provides some very intense , memorable chills .
flirts with greatness with an impressive first half filled with thrills and solid pacing but it stumbles in its more action-oriented second half .
Pandorum is a hodge-podge of familiar sci-fi stuff , which feels as if it were adapted from a computer game .
Alvart achieves a strong sense of scale , but characters and ideas are lost amid a mess of fight scenes that , oddly , look like outtakes from ` The Descent ' .
Pandorum 's insistence on action sequence after action sequence , reveal after reveal , tension upon tension deadens the effect any of it might have had in a more gracefully developed narrative .
Pandorum is less a story than a prolonged bout of paranoid hysterics , exuberantly played out on metal gangplanks and inside Stygian tunnels . As such , it works just fine .
Murky both literally and figuratively .
Riffing on Alien , Sunshine and Resident Evil , the German director Alvart finds an effective balance between action-excitement and psychological chills .
There are some well-executed sequences , but the story makes nothing but a mess of its borrowed ideas .
Pandorum is dumb , noisy fun . Its flaws are inoffensive inasmuch as Alvart does n't give off Anderson 's noxious vibe of insincerity .
Pandorum is neither schlocky enough to be an enjoyable genre flick , nor smart enough to provoke any original thoughts .
It 's a competent if unoriginal adventure but you do wish Alvart had had the courage of his convictions to go with the Pandorum idea rather bowing to the pressure of convention and basically resetting The Descent in space .
After two hours in the dark with this loud but hollow hybrid , you 'll know `` space madness '' . In a good year for smart sci-fi , Pandorum lumbers and groans .
It might make a passable video game . Despite expensive production design , as a movie it is pretty much unwatchable .
Derivative but mostly just dull , what we have here is an entertainment blackhole able to suck all joy out of a trip to the cinema .
Do yourself a favour and keep the lid of Pandorum 's box firmly closed .
Action mayhem full of gibbering hominoids , hanging corpses and a few live stars .
Some scary moments , but its final half-hour is a right old mess , and the title is doomed never to be remembered .
Pandorum does n't make a whole lot of sense and is shot and edited in a way that only adds to the confusion . In space nobody can hear you scratching your head .
There are some excellent fight scenes and a bit of monster gore but the absence of a discernible storyline makes it little more than a noisy TV movie .
An appalling script is only one problem with this loud , chaotic sci-fi thriller . It 's also directed in such a deliberately confusing way that it 's not only impossible to follow the action , but it 's impossible to care about the characters .
Oddly for something that 's far from original or brilliant , it does make for an absorbing watch .
Paul WS Anderson rains down another cinematic crapstorm with Pandorum , a confused , unfocused -LRB- sometimes literally -RRB- attempt to make an ideas-driven but mainstream sci-fi flick .
-LSB- Pandorum -RSB- makes no sense . It does n't really try to by the end but nevertheless , it should be said up front so that nobody has any illusions about the film since its creators certainly did n't .
Cabin fever in space is a durable idea for horror , but the main feeling this one from the Resident Evil gang is likely to inspire is cosmic déjà vu .
Pandorum squanders its excellent premise and the result is a disappointing , barely coherent mess .
It could n't keep my attention for even a nano second .
The script 's twisty , end-of-the-world intrigue saves this otherwise leaden film from total self-destruction .
The earsplitting soundtrack , nauseating camera work , and stroboscopic editing are a high price to pay for little reward .
Not without its scuzzy charms and eye-catching creature attacks , `` Pandorum '' generates all the stylish muster it can . Still , it feels like a Christopher Lambert film that would have gone straight to VHS about 15 years ago .
It 's moderately amusing if you 're in the mood , but it 's incredibly lacking in invention .
The finest interstellar horror in years .
So bad it ought to be based on a video game .
Pandorum is n't all that bad . It 's a perfectly middle-of-the-road genre flick not quite worthwhile enough to wholeheartedly recommend . And the creatures know kung-fu .
Over-acting is endemic . Quaid ca n't do much with his very limited role , and Foster seems miscast .
Remember the scene in Star Trek where Dr. McCoy talks about all the horrible ways you can die in space ? Pandorum is basically a visual aid for that speech .
According to the press notes , pandorum means `` Orbital Dysfunctional Syndrome '' ; whatever that is , by the end of the movie I was convinced I had caught it .
A grizzled Quaid and an intense Foster do their best to keep straight faces , but this is not an effort likely to figure prominently on their resumes .
As always , Foster sells the hell out of his role but non-sci-fi fans may well themselves be driven mad long before the end .
The sort of thing that makes you wish you were playing a video game instead .
Quaid and Foster spend far too much time trying to figure out what 's going on , but audiences are liable to respond only with a dispirited `` Who cares ? ''
It 's Alien meets The Descent in the new film Pandorum . It 's a case of been there , done that . But does Pandorum manage to do it better ?
follows Scott 's Alien blueprint to a T but turns things up to 11
Christian Alvart lays on the symbolism in this oppressive , captivating galactic thriller
Take Ben Foster , have him walk slowly down a dark corridor and see something or someone in the distance , then either have him fall flat on his face , or get a butt-whippin ' . Repeat approximately twenty times
Lazily derivative .
Throughout , some obvious questions pop up immediately .
If sci-fi is your thing , you could do worse .
The further Bower journeys into the spacecraft 's bowels , with Payton providing navigation tips from back in their original sleep chamber , the less Pandorum unnerves .
Cobbled together from chunks of Battlestar Galactica , The Descent , Serenity , Cube , Resident Evil , Event Horizon and Alien ... Pandorum is an efficient scare machine if you ignore the plot contrivances .
Alvart 's cynicism about the current state of mankind helps make futuristic Pandorum interesting , but what makes it fun is his evident enthusiasm and talent for exploring the conventions of sci-fi films .
Director Christian Alvart and screenwriter Travis Malloy must have seen Aliens in the cradle , for they 've digested it with love and delivered smart thrills that will please more than genre fans .
It 's a tight , minimalist Alien-esque `` something is loose and hunting people on our space ship '' picture that is as claustrophobic as you 'd expect , if not quite as paranoid as you might hope .
What does Pandorum mean ? I think it is Latin for stinky movie .
Parental Content Review
The long middle portion does get tedious , obvious and downright laughable , but sci-fi fans probably wo n't regret the experience .
For fans of the genre I ca n't see Pandorum disappointing .
By the time one of the creatures tosses a character a pipe and they proceed to martial arts fight , it 's safe to presume that a shark has been jumped and there is no turning things around .
Probably the film 's only real saving grace is Ben Foster , who tries hard in the lead , but does n't have a heck of a lot to work with .
Pandorum is n't all that bad , it just is n't good either . Fans of films like Event Horizon , Alien 3 , and Resident Evil are sure to get their money worth , but I feel anyone outside of the `` club '' is sure to be disappointed . Watch with caution .
`` Pandorum '' -- in which astronauts wake up , disoriented , in a craft that is terrorized by violent creatures -- is not original , but I figure any movie as icky as `` Pandorum '' is doing something right .
What 's a `` Pandorum '' ? Honestly , they must 've explained that bit while I was at concession getting a pretzel . Does n't really matter though .
In space , no one can hear you snore .
Unfortunately the explanation is full of holes , and anyway less than interesting .
When nothing else is of interest one can always stare at German actress Antje Traue 's cleavage ...





@highlight

While it might prove somewhat satisfying for devout sci-fi fans , Pandorum 's bloated , derivative plot ultimately leaves it drifting in space .