James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo 's taut , engrossing 2004 documentary on Chinese basketball player Yao Ming 's first year in the NBA offers insight into the game and its stars .
The film never feels like some sort of shill , but an actual historical document of this strangest of cultural immersions for a national superstar .
By playing up the hoopla and glitz , the filmmakers have created a vacuum at its center .
The film is happily as fast paced as the sport of basketball itself : there are no bearded , stuttering academics discussing any aspect of the story .
there 's plenty to see in this engaging film
... a particularly crude sales job .
Should be a natural for NBA fans and please non-enthusiasts as well .
As bright and shiny as you would imagine something co-produced by NBA Entertainment to be , The Year of the Yao provides little insight beyond hanging out with its super-sized star .
-LSB- A -RSB- glorified infomercial .
There appears to be much more to Yao than is captured here . That 's where the movie drops the ball .
A surprisingly layered portrait of a rookie with the hopes of a nation -- a big nation -- riding on his shoulders , and the frustrations and small victories that entails .
Sporadically charming basketball documentary .
Easily the best basketball film I 've seen in years .
The movie 's focus on Yao is limited by his lack of narrative abilities .
Sure , it 's fun to watch big-screen close-ups of Yao battling with O'Neal , though it feels like another ESPN special .
From language barriers to international political barriers , Yao promises something most documentaries miss entirely -- insight and hope .
There 's not much else of interest going on .
... while their subject is amiably charismatic , the filmmakers fail to fully get beneath his skin . Still ... it 's a sports documentary that can be enjoyed by anyone ...
The excitement on the court and the banter and good-natured ribbing in the locker room is handled by the book by the behind the camera crew .
More of a promo than anything else : it sells us on the concept of Yao Ming , but has next to nothing to say about him .
A very compelling sports documentary .
Win or lose , in an era of sports idols as rock stars , Yao is a breath of fresh air .
One expects it to be a feel-good , emphasize-the-positive kind of movie , and it is . But there are several other fascinating angles to be found here .
Welcome to the new Ming Dynasty .
Undeniably rousing .
You do n't have to be a hoops fanatic , or even a sports aficionado of any sort , to enjoy The Year of the Yao , slickly entertaining docu .
A skillful and winning piece of honest booster portraiture directed by James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo .
... a study of culture clashes , the globalization of sports , and most of all the friendship of two guys thrown together by a wise Fate .
a puff piece with the sole intention of glorifying Houston Rockets ' center Yao Ming
Fashioned with all the objectivity and insight of a promotional special on NBA TV .
A good-spirited and entertaining look at a famous anomaly .
Essentially a fluff job , designed to build a myth around their new icon , while leaving more sensitive issues like race , politics and money sitting on the bench .


@highlight

This sports bio documentary is given a few fresh angles , including culture clash issues , and the friendship that develops between Yao and his interpreter .