... this remake is much less dark than the '79 original ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As the film progresses ... the inanity of the proceedings begins to take over the comedy , and no amount of performance magic can rescue the conclusion , enjoyably madcap as it may be .
The second half is entertaining enough , the three stars and Ann-Margaret are endearing , and the situation is one that many Americans can identify with , no matter what political party they support .
A simplifying and reassuring fable , more propagandistic than sharp . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
To cut a long story short , Going in Style is a warm and wonderful film on friendship and life post 60 . Watch it with your best friends for life as some relationships are worth melting for indeed .
An entertaining comedy that leans on the talent of its stars , `` Going in Style '' is a fun way to kill 90 minutes in a darkened theatre .
This is Braff 's first mainstream film effort , and he falls back on his sitcom roots , going broad with the humor and pretty pedestrian in style .
If you 're going to make a film about three old geezers robbing a bank , then a cast really does n't come much classier , stylish or , indeed , more authentically venerable than this trio of Oscar winners .
This is like watching three master actors have a blast playing off each other . And it 's a hard not to have get a thrill watching them in this charming and funny comedy .
... an enjoyable comedy .
There is a sweetness and a sadness to this film , but it is essentially a light-hearted piece with plenty of laughs to enjoy .
While it wo n't win points for originality or innovation , Going In Style is far from the cynical exercise that it could have been and instead proves to be a gentle comedy with an unexpectedly relevant voice .
Going in Style is far and away the worst thing -LSB- Michael Caine 's -RSB- been involved with .
Because the movie 's stars all qualify as treasures of the cinema , the best approach to Going in Style might be simply to sigh with disappointment and move on .
Going in Style has a good heart . And while the humor is surprisingly clean , its optimism is tempered by the pessimistic reality that banks and corporations are greedy and callous , and people you care about are going to get hurt .
Bad movies can reveal more about actors than great ones . Going in Style should confirm Caine , Freeman and Arkin as legends .
Like its three incomparable stars , `` Going in Style '' knows how to take its time . That means , for viewers , patience is required . And rewarded .
An escapist delight that has us all backing the proverbial little guy , whatever might happen .
The modest pleasures of Going in Style come from watching three old pros expertly and enjoyably playing off each other . They may not be quick ... but they have skills and experience , a point that applies to acting as well as armed robbery .
Fine , sufficiently funny remake of the long-forgotten 1979 comedy starring George Burns about three geriatrics who rob a bank .
A comedy that hits the target with its main objective , entertain the audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Stay away . I wish I had .
Although it intends to show old folks in a positive light , most of the jokes revolve around them looking stupid at worst , and creaky at best .
This lackluster if good-natured remake clearly targets an older demographic that might find the jokes nostalgic instead of stale .
Caine , Freeman and Arkin are all much , much better than the material they 're saddled with .
It 's comfy , familiar , and trading on an established reputations .
Despite Going in Style 's interest in aestheticising the past , its three main characters never have a very convincing shared history . They 're likeable enough , but it 's hard to care when they decide to break bad .
The retirees condemn international outsourcing of jobs and Wall Street greed and then hatch a sweet get-even scheme . Their real-life equivalents voted for Donald Trump .
`` It 's funny 'cause they 're old '' is the driving principle behind just about every frame of this film , and it gets it half-right -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
It 's worst crime is wasting a brilliant cast , who are valiant in defeat .
Originality is not the purpose of Going in Style , the kind of old-fashioned entertainment that gives old-fashioned entertainment a bad name .
Freeman and Arkin are spot on , but it is Caine who stands out .
This is a lousy remake of the `` old guys rob a bank wearing rubber noses '' bleak comedy from back in 1979 that starred George Burns and Art Carney .
Michael , Morgan and Alan roll out more than enough of the old magic to keep the proceedings enjoyable .
Going in Style is not a bad film by any means , but its biggest crime is being an unimpressionable one .
Unfailingly genial , yet unrelentingly generic .
For a story about geriatrics gone wild -LRB- played with affable crustiness by Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine and Alan Arkin -RRB- , this work is very tame indeed .
The film can be seen with ease and sympathy . Maybe with too much sugar , but also with a certain containtment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well-intentioned routinary comedy , and let 's face it , very charming . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` real elderly characters who , rather than being the butt of the joke , crack the best ones in the whole movie . ''
Going in Style could have at least been more enjoyable if it had fully embraced its goofiness , or even if it evolved into a clever heist movie .
Going in Style is that most irksome , instantly forgettable of films -- a remake that fails to make the case for not leaving well enough alone . It also fails to offer its cast material worthy of its talent .
A certainly entertaining film decidedly turned to humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The three Oscar-winners -LSB- bring -RSB- their natural talent , presence and undeniable charm to the table , keeping things entertaining , even if it is largely forgettable .
What one might not expect is a plot that 's fairly heinous , both morally and logistically , with characters who remain justified and likable throughout .
Another of those films that pretends to show older people respect while actually treating them like comic nincompoops
Having veteran Oscar winners Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine and Alan Arkin share a screen is a pleasure in and of itself , never mind what the movie is . In the case of Going in Style , the movie ai n't much .
All three stars deliver exactly what you expect from them -- nothing more , nothing new -- but their onscreen familiarity is a strange comfort in itself .
... a film where we get to enjoy three of our finest elder actors showing just how easy they can make it all look
Only for those three leads it 'd be a chore .
`` Going in Style , '' has a lot , well , going for it , namely its cast .
It 's light-hearted , well-intentioned wish fulfilment for anyone with creaking joints .
You probably have to have seen both films to find the new one as infuriating as I did , but even if you have n't , there 's no question that it 's terrible .
A salty , mildly amusing , slapstick comedy that 's filled with scrappy banter .
Though it 's great to see these 3 iconic actors onscreen together , it 's too bad it has to be in this creaky film that no actor could save .
Arkin , Caine and Freeman get along so famously and seamlessly that we almost do n't notice a remarkably solid supporting cast .
There are worse ways to spend time .
Deserves your attention only to see this trio of veterans have a blast while sticking it to the system that hurt them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Going in Style does n't bring much imagination or innovation to the world of crime comedies , but its legendary stars enhance the experience enough to make it passable entertainment .
Going in Style is a textbook example of how not to make a heist movie . It 's stunning how the film gets even the most basic steps wrong .
Ann-Margret plays Albert 's girlfriend , and Matt Dillon is a dim-witted cop , but it 's Freeman , Caine and Arkin who make this film work : they 're great together , and Arkin 's comedy has lost none of its sharpness .
At 11 p.m. on cable , or even at the dollar theater , a reunion special can be perfectly good . But like the bank job their onscreen characters are struggling to pull off , Going in Style feels like a film that is just beyond salvaging .
Going in Style is a baffling blend of tones that ultimately plays as a harmless piece of fluff devoid of any significant stakes .
Clearly this is what you might call an AARP movie , but what is wrong with that ? The chance to see Caine , Freeman and Arkin -- not to mention Ann-Margret -- again on the big screen is irresistible stuff .
There are weightier movies with more moral complexity , but this is just a hug from grandpa . And who could n't use more of those ?
For the most part , this Going in Style is n't going much of anywhere , and certainly not in style .
Inevitably , the new Style is hopeful , encouraging audiences young and old to believe that even in our nursing-home years we can accomplish remarkable feats .
Time may have aged these three Oscar-winning veterans , but it certainly has n't affected their comic timing .
In the Geezer High Jinks Department , the current reboot is somewhat better than the original and much better than the tedious old Matthau-Lemmon `` GOM '' flicks .
... not a terrible film . It 's brief , mostly good natured , and is populated by an entertaining cast that can bring interest to anything . But like a watery bowl of gruel , it 's not much fun to choke down , nor is it particularly nourishing once you do .
Perhaps required a handshake agreement with Warner Bros. that -LSB- Braff -RSB- would be barred from including a Shins song on the soundtrack .
It 's a nice movie , but also an exceedingly safe one , and as such spending any more time than this handful of paragraphs to review just is n't worth the effort it would take to compose another sentence .
Bland , tasteless entertainmentstuff intended to neither move nor offend , and succeeds as such . A sad pile of unfunny nothing that falls painfully flat .
Going in Style is a movie that could 've been made by seemingly anyone , and it finds Braff creatively bankrupt .
The script is so bad -- so desperately unfunny , painfully mawkish and awkwardly contrived -- that not even the three stars ... can do much of anything with it .
A little more honesty about the precarious experience these retirees find themselves in might have given the film a stronger blast of earned emotion . But this is a likable movie that passes the time amiably enough .
Yes , it 's good to see these wonderful actors get together in , well , almost anything , but this broken-down jalopy of a movie is not , to put it charitably , an ideal vehicle .
Director Zach Braff -LRB- Garden State , Wish I Was Here -RRB- and screenwriter Theodore Melfi -LRB- Hidden Figures , Saint Vincent -RRB- have made at least one decent film apiece but do n't seem to have any idea why their previous films worked .
When this cast ca n't save your movie you are in deep trouble .
There 's precious little actual drama , few laughs , and almost no reason to see this movie except , again , for the undeniable pleasure of watching these three men .
Braff got the casting right , if little else .
This remake is kind of like the Sweet N Low of old guy caper movies : not exactly the real thing , but sweet enough to get the job done .
Comedy remake has lovable leads , some language , drugs .
Including a long sequence involving a nonsensical practice robbery at the grocery store , this movie has a huge amount of padding stuffed inside a modest pillowcase . It only runs 96 minutes , but feels much longer .
Feels like a feature-length sitcom , but the three leads make it a pleasant enough watch .
Its stars are such pros , they 're so enormously charismatic and have such lovely chemistry with each other , it 's hard not to be charmed by their mere presence on screen .
Update of 1979 's three-men-and-a-bank-robbery caper is no bargain , but it does let you hang with the A-list senior cast of Morgan Freeman , 79 , Alan Arkin , 83 , and Michael Caine , 84 .
Bubbles with subversive observations ... picking at the emotional scabs that still itch most Americans a decade after bankers ... crushed the savings and dreams of millions .
Heavens to Murgatroyd ! You ca n't ask any more of a madcap comedy than this much hilarity !
I 'd watch a movie where Caine , Arkin , and Freeman sit around reading the phone book aloud , so getting to see them do their thing together is a treat . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Everything about it is geared for comedy , but it 's impossible to miss the timely message about greedy institutions that do n't care about their customers or employees-or old people .
... the movie , in the end , feels like an extended version of its own trailer ...
As to which is creakier , the hips , the knees or Ted Melfi 's script , I 'm afraid it 's a close-run thing .
I leave the cinema happier if I 've been emotionally satisfied - if something has been risked , even lost , as well as gained . Having no emotional stakes leaves me cold , and leaves three cheeky actors with nothing to play .
Grab-bag references to comedy entertainment glory give Going in Style a soothing veneer but never cheer its hollow centre .
The movie will probably find a modest audience for a weekend or two , but it could have been so much bigger if it did n't reduce senior citizens to sympathetic data cards . If it truly gave us something to see .
Going in Style -LSB- is -RSB- a particularly inferior remake and pretty bad on its own .
It is a sweet-but-average movie saved only by the sheer on-screen magic of its three Oscar-winning stars .
It is such an undeniable thrill to see these three legends together , it really does n't matter that the heist movie , directed by Zach Braff is nothing more than a pleasant stroll .
Morgan Freeman , Michael Caine , and Alan Arkin are such a dream team that we almost forget how weak this remake of the 1979 George Burns `` Going in Style '' is .
It would be a stretch -LRB- although not much of one -RRB- to call Going in Style `` wholesome '' but it 's dull and badly in need of an injection of energy .
A lazy hash of cheap geezer gags and spoon-fed sentiment .
The talents of three great actors -- Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman and Alan Arkin -- are lazily squandered in a rehash of a pensioners ' bank heist story first made in 1979 .
It 's a treat -- no matter what age you are -- to watch these old pros in action . They are among the best of their generation . And if you want to get technical , of any generation .
Like the movie 's geriatric characters , Going in Style takes some time to get moving , but is sure-footed at the finish .
The only thing it has in common with the 1979 original is that they both wo n't be playing in theaters a month from now .
Going in Style may not provide a huge payoff , but its modest charms are still fun .
Going In Style is entirely predictable but the cast helps bring a smile to the face .
Light , glib and easy to forget .
It 's strictly comfort food , 99 percent predictable , though the 1 percent that is n't - you 'll know it when you see it - is deftly executed .
Caine , Freeman and Arkin share a comfortable camaraderie as three old pals who know each other so well , they can forgive each other for cranky outbreaks or poor decisions that might crush younger relationships .
A lazy heist comedy that asks little of its appealing leads , `` Going in Style '' goes down smoothly even if the only thing that really gets stolen is the audience 's time
Mostly it strips away the qualities that made the original such a gem , starting with the bruised soul that compels these retirees to gamble away their remaining years .
With Caine , Freeman and Arkin , you know what you 're going to get . In Going in Style , it 's all you get .
Polished but hollow ... It 's another sign of the times that Hollywood thinks we can no longer handle the original storyline .
It tells you where to laugh , where to get angry , where to get teary , and when to cheer . And when it 's over , you 'll forget Zach Braff had anything to do with it .
Braff races through the planning and execution of the robbery , probably because the original film 's premise seems even more far-fetched in our modern security state .
As creaky as its would-be bank robbers ' joints .
A slick , amiable cover version of an unjustly neglected 1979 comedy that starred George Burns , Lee Strasberg and Art Carney .
`` Going in Style '' never gets beyond mildly amusing . If anything , it uses its gifted veterans to disguise how tired , implausible and overly sentimental the proceedings turn out to be .
Going in Style is at its best when the three main stars are allowed to go at the story with the style and grace that has made them acting treasures .
An `` A '' cast takes on a `` B '' production in Going in Style , and pulls off the real heist of this unnecessary but amusing comedy remake .
A pedestrian , paint-by-numbers comedy that wallows in its own genericness .
Remember how many movies you 've loved with such actors ? Well you will again , if you see this . And Ann-Margret , too .
While this charming movie will be targeted to senior audiences , I hope younger generations check it out - as the humor and underlying messages are truly universal .
It 's sporadically amusing to watch Caine , Freeman and Arkin do their thing , however little is asked of them . But that 's not enough ; one keeps imagining what they could have made of stronger , more challenging material .
For a movie ostensibly about flipping the script on what old age means , the uninspired obviousness on display is dispiritingly ironic .
It revolves around a bank heist , but the real crime in Going in Style is its waste of acting talent .
An embarrassing , unfunny movie that leaves a bad blemish on the late careers of its stars .
I did n't love it or hate it , but I 'll definitely forget it .
The ending of the film is refreshingly unconventional , especially in this `` tough on crime '' age we 're currently living in . And it 's nice , for a change , to see movie stars acting their age .
I did n't double over with laughter watching `` Going in Style , '' or laugh out loud that much at all . But when getting up to leave , I realized my face physically hurt from grinning throughout the movie .
This a movie that can think of nothing funnier than arranging three Oscar winners in front of a TV to make catty remarks about The Bachelorette .
Caine deftly balances world-weariness and stoic resolve . Freeman virtually radiates hard-won wisdom . And Arkin , as usual , is the ultimate curmudgeon . Together , they create a dynamic not unlike that of a jazz combo in which each player is fully engaged .
After a solid beginning , the movie begins to droop , filled with characters - sassy waitress , sour cop , distant dad - who feel more like placeholders than people .
The movie is good-natured , but almost infallibly unfunny .
Going In Style does n't do anything remarkable , but Michael Caine , Alan Arkin and Morgan Freeman are so wonderful together that it 'll nevertheless still leave you beaming .
It 's the chemistry among these three fine actors that keeps `` Going in Style '' afloat , lifting it from the formulaic and forgettable - which , essentially , it is - and making it genuinely , if modestly , enjoyable .
Collectively these performers have learned more about what works with an audience , and how to serve a character , than can be measured .
Generally , the film is more forgettable and pleasant than anything else , and it does n't seem to aim for more than that .
With a cast that includes Caine , Freeman , and Arkin , it 's impossible for `` Going in Style '' to go wrong . But director Zach Braff comes close .
If the first film required a box of tissues , this one 's more aptly paired with a whoopie cushion .
No one in Going in Style seems to really know what the hell they 're doing or why . And even though that goes double for the filmmakers , at least no one succumbs to taking any of it seriously .
De-fanged . Has as much comic bite as a Polident commercial .
Despite the all-star trio and the rare joke that lands , Going In Style never hits its stride as a warm-hearted crime caper .
There 's a relatively charming , tender tone to this piece , albeit a throwaway piece of cinema that is unlikely to linger long in the memory .
No one was actually asking for a remake of the 1979 comedy about a trio of senior citizens who rob a bank . On the other hand , who among us is not happy to see Michael Caine , Morgan Freeman , and Alan Arkin get a chance to strut their stuff ?
What once was a story about the loneliness and neglect of old age ends up a forced , wacky comedy about seniors behaving badly .
I 'm hoping that Freeman , Caine and Arkin all have plenty of movies - and meatier roles - in their futures . In the meantime , it 's a low-key pleasure to hang out with these guys , even in a movie that 's only just good enough .
Going in Style is good-natured , spirited , and heart warming but may leave you wanting a bigger pay-off .

@highlight

Depite the considerable talent of its leads , Going in Style is light on laughs and plays it safe far too often .