Michell knows his way around a camera , and has a fine sense of location ... The entire affair needs a little more energy , however , to raise it above the obviousness of its conceit .
Roger Michell wrote and directs this adaptation with the flair it needs to connect to a new generation who may never have even heard of it .
As long as the focus is on Weisz , `` My Cousin Rachel '' is real and satisfying curiosity on today 's film landscape , a performance-fueled work anchored by a strong female lead who knows and remains true to herself .
It has good actors , truly lovely Cornwall landscapes and the appeal of a genteel parlor drama , but alas , it is a bit too dull and ultimately unknowable for its own good .
Weisz is terrific , though not in a way she has n't been terrific before .
Offers up a fascinating , if unfinished , portrait of a woman 's attempt to buck a system that affords her less autonomy than her intelligence and sensitivity demand .
My Cousin Rachel is a well-made period dramatic thriller ...
Michell has brought the shockingly-timely text back into modern relevancy by reinvigorating the novel 's feminist bent .
For Poldark fans ... There 's a handsome leading man , a mysterious beauty , lots of galloping along clifftops , male skinny-dipping , bad-tempered old retainers ... heck , there 's even a scything scene . Yes , really .
Rachel Weisz is splendid as the potential black widow .
My Cousin Rachel feels like a film that falls short of its potential . The cast is excellent and the performances solid , yet there 's a lack of clarity in the plotting that leaves the audience slightly askew .
My Cousin Rachel is a bracing homage to the Du Maurier spirit that invites us to ponder , but never tells us exactly what to think .
My Cousin Rachel is an incessantly shifting story of `` Did she or did n't she ? '' Literary types like to call this ambiguity , but director Roger Michell , who also wrote the screenplay , does n't quite have a handle on that device .
My Cousin Rachel is an old-fashioned movie requiring viewers to shift to a slower pace to appreciate its anchored narrative .
What makes -LSB- My Cousin Rachel -RSB- so engaging is that the audience never quite knows who it 's cheering for . Turns out being off-balance is pretty darn exhilarating .
Underlying it all is a strongly feminist message about power , money and male fear of what might happen if a woman should gain possession of both - agreeably subversive stuff to find in a crowd-pleasing period drama .
As a mid-twentieth century writer revisiting the 19th century , du Maurier played with tropes and archetypes , and in this adaptation , Rachel Weisz as the title character is a sight to behold .
The film is gorgeous to look at , with a fine supporting cast of British actors etching indelible portraits , no matter how small the role . But it is Weisz 's picture ; she glows from within , only we 're not sure if it 's womanly warmth or hell-fire .
Daphne du Maurier may not seem like the most relevant author to be plundering for a 21st Century film script , but this accomplished cinematic rendering proves her moody , slightly confusing , dark and desperately romantic tales still have their place .
Throw in an impressive , imposing Cornish setting , sumptuous costuming and Rael Jones ' atmospheric score and the result is a dark thriller that will haunt you for days .
It 's a real tug of war between what does and does n't work and , unfortunately , My Cousin Rachel does n't win .
This is a rare work : a thriller set in the 19th century that is neither grimy and dark nor eroticised and psychological .
So , though the film cranks through its dastardly plot with leering Hitchcockian suspense , the drama My Cousin Rachel is also a bleak comedy about people who make ridiculous mistakes at the altar of love .
The film looks pretty enough but the characterisations are so weak and the plotting so shallow and predictable - there is virtually no ambiguity in the film - you 'll feel like hurling your popcorn at the screen every time Rachel tries looking wistful .
Thankfully , director Roger Michell 's adaptation of Daphne du Maurier 's 1951 novel just manages to balance the story with the handsome production design , in large part to a strong performance by Rachel Weisz .
It takes at least 15 minutes for Rachel Weisz to appear on screen , but when she does it is a quiet , contained event . Nonetheless , the effect of her face is a payoff akin to an explosion in an action movie .
The movie 's real point of interest is right there in its name : an enigmatic woman , the talented actress that brings her to life , and the mystery that follows .
2017 's `` My Cousin Rachel '' is a solid and finely-acted version of Daphne du Maurier 's deliberately-ambiguous drama .
Did she ? Did n't she ? Much as I enjoyed My Cousin Rachel at times , by the end I was no longer sure that I particularly cared .
Rachel is a slight story , leading to more of an ironic fizzle than a grand climax . Yet it has a moral complexity that the so-called `` psychological thrillers '' in our multiplexes often lack .
There 's a sense of simmering rage beneath its fetching surfaces -- the ire of a woman who 's been taught that acting in her own self-interest is a subversive act , but who senses freedom so close at hand .
A compelling costume drama that leaves us in the dark with the nettlesome emotion of not knowing .
Some people have fiercely dismembered this new film starring Rachel Weisz but my thoughts fall somewhere in the middle after seeing it with almost no prior information of its content .
Holliday Grainger is appealing as Philip 's own lovelorn admirer , Louise , while Simon Russell Beale and Tim Barlow make characteristic hay with smaller parts as family lawyer and faithful retainer , respectively .
Suffice it so say that director Roger Michall keeps us guessing the whole time . See the film in a crowded theater and enjoy not just the gorgeous settings but the shared fun of delighting in Philip 's folly .
Attractively shot on location with lovely supporting turns by Iain Glen and Holliday Grainger , My Cousin Rachel has enough uneasy moments to separate it from classy Sunday-night telly . It 's such a shame that it does n't end more satisfactorily .
My Cousin Rachel often feels like a head-scratcher for all the wrong reasons .
My Cousin Rachel is a cracker of a yarn . But the first film adaptation of Daphne Du Maurier 's novel since the 1952 Richard Burton and Olivia de Havilland version is hampered by a sense of contemporary reserve .
Corseted courtesies and the candlelit rooms with their flickering pools of light never overwhelm the story 's contemporary resonance . The clash of male assumption and jealousy , and female wiles and independence , has no shortage of present-day parallels .
Du Maurier 's stories are all about mystery , and atmosphere , and Roger Michell understands this very well . His film is handsome , genuinely cinematic , and both Claflin and Weisz are well cast .
Michell shoots with an eye for both pastoral beauty and musty , candlelit intrigue in a period thriller that keeps you guessing right up to the credits .
This is a well-made Sunday-night drama , complete with sumptuous costumes and full use of a beautiful English landscape .
Unfortunately , both the film and the chemistry generated between Weisz and Claflin feel about as smoldering and lustful as a tub of margarine .
The central mystery of whether Rachel is evil or innocent reverberates throughout both adaptations , but there 's no question that Weisz delivers yet another master class in acting .
Faithful performances by Weisz and Claflin are enhanced by fine cinematography and exceptional production design and costume design in this well paced , atmospheric film .
Stylish and seductive , Rachel Weisz embodies the duality of du Maurier 's inscrutable , yet irresistible Rachel , leaving us to wonder : Did she ? Did n't she ?
It 's Weisz who provides the magic , keeping the mercury rising with a performance full of deliciously unsolved mystery .
It is n't what you 'd hope , but not as drab as you 'd expect .
The period drama is so filled with ambiguity that , it says here , you 'll be dying to discuss whether its titular beauty is a conniving wench or simply an independent woman .
Has all the necessary ingredients for a great Gothic potboiler , but writer-director Roger Michell rarely gets it above lukewarm .
A gothic moodpiece masquerading as a thriller , My Cousin Rachel is a misdirected swoon of a movie-long on black-veiled romance and ravishing atmosphere and a little short , alas , on dividends .
Roger Michell 's revival of My Cousin Rachel is a graceful note amid summer 's movie din , adapting Daphne du Maurier 's black widow mystery with class bordering on defiance .
My Cousin Rachel features terrific camera work from Mike Eley , and Michell certainly gets the tone and setting right . But the figures in the foreground seem to be competing against the cliffside scenery instead of occupying it .
Working with what he has , and doing what he does best , Michell has still created an emotionally gripping tale .
It 's a mystery that 's sustained right up to and through the film 's final moments , as writer-director Roger Michell retains the novel 's satisfyingly ambiguous ending .
If you 're trying to pull a coherent message from the movie 's web of tragedy , romance and human weakness , you may wind up scratching your head .
Weisz shines in the title role , but it 's trying to do two diametrically opposed things which keep it spinning its wheels .
This is strongly acted by the whole cast , but really all about Weisz , who 's always strong -LRB- see also the recent The Light Between Oceans and Denial -RRB- but here proves this one 's heart and soul .
moody , mind-bending
... achieves a modest tension through its unsettling atmosphere , although there 's a general predictability to the story that undermines the mystery and ca n't be erased by a few jolting twists .
It 's not a film that lives or dies by the final twist . The fun lies in the way it quietly drills into your head .
Du Maurier 's novel was melodrama infused with the poisoned suspicions of male-female relations . Weisz does full justice to the tragic realism inside the contrivance .
Michell proves adept at covering the scenic landscape , but the film is so chaste and minimalist as to remove ambiguity , nuance , and anything passing for interesting .
Where I should have been immersed in the darkly tinged mood of the story , I felt more like an observer to a film production process of making the film .
Weisz is superb as a woman who wants to assert rights her gender did not yet have , such as control over money .
If you saw this on PBS , you 'd consider it second-rate stuff and change the channel .
My Cousin Rachel withholds an extremely important bit of information until the last minute . And the denouement is n't set up in a way that can be believed . It 's rushed , it 's abject .
It 's just a shame that this version , while gorgeous to look at , never quite manages to generate the momentum needed to involve the audience .
A bodice-ripper by any other name , My Cousin Rachel is inherently pulpy , and one rather admires Michell for meeting its demands head-on , and then bravely raising the temperature still further .
-LSB- Weisz -RSB- accomplishes the near-impossible here : She humanizes a Gothic conceit and , in so doing , turns stage blood into real blood .
My Cousin Rachel is a fascinating hybrid . It uses clunky devices out of a 19th-century melodrama , but its subject is modern : mistakes of perception and of metaphor .
... My Cousin Rachel is a damp squib : a melodrama without the drama , a romance with no spark , and a thriller whose every twist and turn is obvious to any viewer who has managed to stay awake .
Strong , complicated woman anchors intense mystery tale .
... Michell orchestrates an elegant dance between these two characters . The melody is all broody Brontë , but the beats are modern , almost absurdist , as random events and revelations define the denouement .
This new My Cousin Rachel brings the character into a more ambivalent space ... Weisz is spellbinding . Claflin a bit two-note
A chewy exercise in melodrama , but it 's also up to something interesting . The viewer is being set up for a test : Can we accurately read and interpret the clues of a movie , or will we be influenced by rumor , first impressions , and our own prejudices ?
Michell 's direction is both overstated and incoherent .
A delicious black-widow mystery , in which the deep-gazing actress Rachel Weisz rocks the veil .
Good mysteries are only worth solving if the set-up leaves you craving answers , and `` My Cousin Rachel '' does n't beg to be unlocked . It 's easy to leave behind .
A good , immersive watch with a top-notch cast .
If it does n't quite smoulder as it should , Claflin 's brooding performance , along with the sterling support , at least helps to envelop you in the mystery .
It 's all marvellously acted and gorgeous to look at .
It is handsomely crafted and filled with intrigue , leaving you constantly guessing whether the mysterious Rachel is a victim of narrow , twisted minds or a scheming minx whose wickedness knows no bounds .
Handsomely done but short on the atmosphere and passion of a genre classic . Michell is a safe pair of hands but it does n't grip tightly , while Claflin 's chemistry with Weisz fizzles .
In the pantheon of du Maurier adaptations , with Rebecca and Do n't Look Now up top , it reaches whatever the rung is just above interesting failure .
Michell -- working from his first-ever solo script -- underlines a feminist subtext by emphasizing a 19th-century woman 's lack of autonomy in matters both financial and sexual .
The magnificence of Weisz 's performance is that she is never hiding anything , beyond what a 19th century woman might conceal out of polite reserve . In her every moment on screen , she is an open book . We 're just not seeing all her pages .
A casting masterstroke at the heart of My Cousin Rachel has transformed a wearisome idea into a gothic thriller with dreamy Hitchcockian undertones and regular emotional wallops .
Ms. Weisz consistently pushes the movie deeper , but all too often , the story returns to Philip so that he can fret , swig from a bottle and nurture his paranoia .
I intend to watch My Cousin Rachel again . Yes , it 's good enough to warrant a second look-see from a cranky essayist like me .
An elegant , sumptuous and subtle adaptation of the Daphne du Maurier novel .
My Cousin Rachel is a study in perception and perspective , a story that features a firm resolution while leaving its most compelling questions unanswered .
Writer/director Roger Michell adapts the Daphne Du Maurier novel for a new generation , his sumptuous production the film 's strongest asset .
Weisz 's masterful , subtle work as unknowable Rachel is punctuated with ambiguity . Each time we think we have her figured out , Weisz subtly changes minds .
`` My Cousin Rachel '' is a pretty film , but it 's not a necessary one ; diverting , but ultimately a little bit dull .
My Cousin Rachel is a damning feminist critique of the status of women in 1800s England , one that demonstrates how the impulsive emotions of men can easily influence the direction of their lives .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie transforms from a discomforting psychological study ... into a sometimes laughable mystery ...
It is highly watchable , and remember : what God takes away with one hand he gives with the other . No , it is n't sufficiently dark , twisted or tense , but the bonnets and the wisteria are lovely . Truly .
Here , it is saying in effect , are old-fashioned conventions that still have life in them , but to appreciate them we need to approach them playfully . That worked for me , from the understated start to the overwrought finish .
Nothing really happens , and the ending , when finally something actually happens , has no satisfying resolution so all we end up with is , well , nothing .
The film is too refined to be truly suspenseful , and the murder mystery feels academic .
Weisz and the sharpest supporting players lift `` My Cousin Rachel '' to a higher plane .
Weisz is excellent in this moody thriller .
Handsomely mounted , beautifully cast and tautly directed , `` My Cousin Rachel '' gives us a piece of British cultural history in the form of a chilling period mystery .
`` My Cousin Rachel '' is more of an exercise in style than an adventure in emotion . In the competition for the multiplex dollar , it 's relatively unmemorable .
Weisz is a great villainess , a character who uses the promise of sex and the actual activity of sex for her own ends and yet keeps alive the possibility that she is n't what we suspect .
The piano-dominated score tries to run its fingers up and down our spines . The actors try their best . It 's the script and plot that let everything , and finally everyone , down .
What ensues is a masterful game of cat-and-mouse between Philip and Rachel as well as Michell and his audience .
It 's no small thing to leave viewers with unanswered questions but still making them satisfied they 've gotten a full movie experience . Roger Michell does that here .
Michell does n't seem as interested in keeping us guessing as he might , but Weisz 's performance is what provides the tension .
Michell 's style is handsomely professional and sometimes tasteful to a fault , but even when the movie loses its grasp on the sicker and more troubling undercurrents of its central relationship , it can coast by ...
The movie 's never a chore to watch . But neither does it engage us the way this kind of story should , by pulling us into the hero 's mania and getting us to feel what he feels .
The credit really has to go to Weisz , whose command of a character just out of reach but fully formed is awe-inspiring - she 's vivacious and vulnerable , strong and shaken .
An elegant ` Masterpiece Theatre ' - style adaptation of the venerable tale , as smoothly seductive as its enigmatic heroine .
Not only a triumphant exercise in dark and delicious romantic ambiguity , the pitfalls of being taken in are what this melodramatic thriller is all about .
My Cousin Rachel belongs to Weisz , in a role that capitalises on her gift for showing multiple layers of emotion .
An operatic melodrama of hidden notes , stolen kisses , family jewels , and love 's first blush , but it 's also a film about the danger of one 's own belief systems , being locked into one way of thinking .
What follows is an engrossing game of cat-and-mouse between a woman who may know too much of the world , and a man who definitely has seen too little of it .
Spooky , sexy and gleefully menacing .
What is she up to ? Probably a more interesting question in 1951 .
In My Cousin Rachel , Michell plays a similar psychological game as he did in his underrated 2004 adaptation of Ian McEwan 's Enduring Love , coming right up to the edge of a proper thriller but never quite releasing the tension .
Weisz and the cinematography -LRB- by Mike Eley -RRB- are both better than they need to be ; as for the rest , you 've seen it before , but you might well enjoy another round .
Not the most interesting or likely of stories , but a scintillating lead turn .
Writer-director Michell tells an at times overheated story in a cool and stylish way .
After a while , the enigmatic nature of Rachel Weisz 's character starts to feel less like an enticing mystery than a narrative trick .
Just as Philip is nearly fearful and in awe of Rachel , Roger Michell 's film feels similarly bound to Daphne Du Maurier 's source material . You wind up wishing that that someone had spiked the tisane of the moviemakers with a bit of bourbon .
... it 's been 65 years between cinematic adaptations of My Cousin Rachel . Could be there 's a good reason for that .
The finale is n't so much a solution to the mystery as an invitation to an argument on the drive home from the cinema .
The film has a fluid and psychologically penetrating feel , reframing the central dynamic as a shifting power play .
A perfect antidote to the surfeit of noisy summer releases , this period mystery is stunningly well done .
A fresh and un-stuffy period drama , but it could have done with a pinch more danger .
This complex , candid character study makes for compelling viewing , with staggeringly impressive character development that brings out two powerhouse performances from the lead stars Sam Claflin and Rachel Weisz .
Rachel Weisz 's wily-or-winsome widow crackles with dangerous allure , but ca n't gee up this sedate mystery .
There 's enough dark sizzle between leads Rachel Weisz and Sam Claflin to keep the audience involved through the underpowered middle stretches before the film regains its footing , delivering a disquieting shiver of a conclusion .
A visually beautiful adaptation of Daphne du Maurier 's classic tale ; I enjoyed the film but longed for a darker , more nebulous journey .
Weisz shows her Oscar-winning talents by hitting precisely the right notes throughout My Cousin Rachel : from warmth to guile to chilly practicality .
Weisz nearly vibrates with tremulous emotion , and the British countryside - full of romping wolfhounds , droning vicars and ancient family retainers - feels like yet another old and welcome character in this old-fashioned yet modern Gothic .
Female characters are seldom allowed to loom so large , and `` My Cousin Rachel '' reminds what a delight it can be when they do
For all the will-changing and bodice-ripping and skulking about , Michell 's take on the material lands in a bland zone better suited for `` Masterpiece Theatre '' season-filler than for the big screen .

@highlight

Excellent cinematography and Rachel Weisz 's entrancing performance keep My Cousin Rachel alluring despite a central mystery that 's rather easily unlocked .