Where to Invade Next is worth a look , for its small revelations . I mean , even if you 've heard that kids in French state schools eat better food than our kids , actually seeing them eat scallops in fish broth is one of the film 's truly eloquent moments .
It 's entertaining but selective to the point of being actively misleading .
Michael Moore unabashedly embraces a rather old warrior trope as the means of cobbling together elements from around the world that he believes would actually make our nation more than better .
With Where to Invade Next , Moore has picked up the banner of hopefulness and is waving it proudly . It looks a lot like an American flag .
Where to Invade Next is a departure from Moore 's typically cynical , end-of-days vibe - this doco feels different , even optimistic . And although Moore does not present one cohesive solution , at least he 's asking the questions in the first place .
The documentary has no real solutions but is nevertheless stirring and at times inspiring .
The issues presented in Where to Invade Next are disillusioning enough to provoke reflection on our society instead of irritation at Moore 's antics .
The travelogue provides plenty to chew on , but one wishes it were possible to separate the merit of Moore 's suggestions from the smug superiority he exudes whenever he speaks .
The end result is witty , moving and brimming with passion and purpose .
Moore does a good job of introducing US viewers to different perspectives , and the movie is aimed at a home audience who might not be aware that countries like Slovenia even exist .
It does n't even have the poison nor the rebellious spirit that characterizes Moore 's work . On the contrary , the film it 's dull , politically correct and without strength . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film in which Moore moves forward with its social-progressive tourism , marveling at typical welfare states policies , and/or creative and amazing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A documentary that combines relevant information with entertainment while questioning the American way of life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An attempt to highlight just how unjust is the `` Land of Freedom '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The most salient point Moore makes in `` Where to Invade Next '' is that so many of the ideas explored in the doc are American , historically speaking .
The main problem about Moore 's work is that some things ca n't be summarized in ten minutes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The wishy-washy execution means it is unlikely to win over anyone who does n't already agree .
If Where to Invade Next is n't exactly forensic it is funny and thought-provoking .
Moore 's methods can be off-putting , but he gets results . This is entertainment , but you 'll learn something .
By now we know that Moore is far from an objective maker of documentaries ; his films always have their own slant , but despite that , it 's hard to refute some of the good ideas here .
Fans of Moore will appreciate his ideas behind the film . Those who are n't probably wo n't . To them I suggest moving to Germany , where your local doctor can write you a prescription for a three-week stay at a posh spa to relieve the tension .
Even documentaries need dramatic tension ; this one is comprised solely of contented people being informed that their lives are tickety-boo . After a while , you ca n't take any Moore .
-LSB- Moore 's -RSB- coined a peach of a soundbite that sums up his approach - `` I 'm here to pick the flowers not the weeds '' . If WTIN feels like his most complete film in a while , it 's because he 's cannily adopted a conceit that makes a virtue of this historic flaw .
The agenda is clear and it is propaganda of a kind , and disingenuous at times in what it omits , but it is still very interesting viewing about what really works when it comes to quality of life .
All of this implicitly criticises the failures of America 's increasingly iniquitous society , but more subtly and intelligently than is usually the case in Mr Moore 's work . It 's surprisingly thought-provoking .
As he marvels with faux naivety at how much more progressive each country he visits seems , it 'd be easy to criticise Moore for ignoring their own complex social problems . But that 's not the point .
Moore is at his most relaxed and engaging , speaking to people across the social spectrum and building a fascinating picture of a utopian world that could just exist if all these qualities were combined .
You will not find a politician who can match the appeal of his call to arms . Maybe Moore should have run for president .
Moore 's partisan and simplistic approach feels more like a big , fat insult to audience intelligence rather than an effective call to arms .
The case studies get more interesting as the film progresses .
There 's lots of fascinating material in this -LRB- overlong -RRB- documentary . But ... French kids do n't touch Coca-Cola ? Pull the other one .
While the overall tone is folksy and idyllic , presenting a predominantly European world of not-for-profit initiatives that clearly work , Moore is n't afraid to go to darker places .
It 's a surprisingly charming and playful affair but one that asks plenty of provocative questions .
This is such a bracing and optimistic and doggedly idealistic film , simplistic in the sense that it believes that things like feminism are simply right .
Relevant , cogent and funny .
The main problem is the relentless cherry - picking of each nation 's super-power without any concomitant consideration of that country 's social demerits .
A film full of worthy , valid points that are threatened to be lost amidst Moore 's trademark style .
It 's an entertaining , stimulating discussion with many points the British can chew on too .
While the overall structure of his argument here is flimsy , the details he reveals have impact , suggesting a fair and just society is not an unattainable Utopia .
A timely documentary with all the events happening in Austria and the European Nation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With Moore 's trademark sense of irony and superb capacity for editing , Where to Invade Next is like a version of Saved but on a global scale and a better budget . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It could 've explored it 's themes much deeper , but overall it 's an enjoyable movie even if it 's on a superficial level . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Moore seems to be pitching his ideas to some theoretical insulated , ignorant yet open-minded Joe Sixpack in a red state . One has to wonder if such a person exists , and if so , would he or she even go see a Michael Moore film ?
The new Michael Moore documentary is a comfortable ride through Europe 's social protection . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The subjectivity of the perspective is too conditioned by the need of Moore to be too present , to make it clear everytime that he is , and nobody else , who is making the documentary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The utopia Moore has painted is a valuable crystal-ball glimpse into a brighter future .
You might not have thought you would live this long but the latest documentary from controversial Michael Moore is not only a lot of fun , but quite uplifting . It also shows how , beneath all his bluster and cynicism , Moore has a deep love of country .
Moore 's strength here is n't in answering all of the questions he poses . It 's in raising the questions to begin with .
Scattershot , reductive , and irritating ; it 's also smart , funny , heartfelt , and moving . It is , in other words , a Michael Moore movie .
Where To Invade Next feels like a greatest-hits album in which -LSB- Moore -RSB- packs causes he has addressed in the past .
While Where To Invade Next does n't offer any real solutions nor does it peek behind the curtains of anything earth-shattering , it is entertaining in Moore 's typical humour-laden style .
Despite the odd moment of dewy-eyed banality , it 's really well made and researched , proffers a swag of interesting facts -LRB- some mindboggling , some touching , some inspiring , and some ghastly -RRB- and is definitely worth seeing .
It 's a blisteringly funny movie , with positive social reforms on display but take it with a huge grain of salt because it is a liberal fantasy from an idealist desperate for answers .
This is a return to Moore at his best and subtlest , with fewer show-off visual stylings , a more focused rage and a moving sense of melancholy .
It 's like an infomercial for The Great Society , and Moore 's least cynical film in years .
Some of the gags are sharp , but the filmmaking is often tepid and the editing lenient .
While there is still a fire in Moore 's belly in what is now the closing phase of his career , there is more smoke than actual flames in his latest work .
I am not a full blown Michael Moore fan at all , but I recognize a stirring piece of home video when I see one
The clowning can be tiresome , yet there 's finally something touching about seeing Moore stumble through phrases in Slovakian or marvel over the academic proficiency of Finnish teens .
If just half the facts presented here are correct -- and that 's probably too conservative -- it does pose questions about the way America is heading . And Australia , too .
A wistful , laugh-to-keep-from-crying examination of what it means to be an ordinary 99-per-center .
Where to Invade Next exists mostly as a reconfirming of beliefs among progressives .
The only real problem with Micheal Moore movies is Michael Moore . You know what I mean . His presence defines every single movie he makes and squashes any argument like a pillow beneath his big American cheeks .
It 's both amusing and educational , but it tends to drift in the second hour , to the point where only the most diehard Moore fans wo n't be starting to shift in their seats .
Moore points out that many of the progressive human-rights values adopted by the countries he has invaded have roots in America . He suggests that perhaps it 's time to retrieve/embrace them again .
This is sociology for dummies - and even they might find Moore 's points overly laboured .
For anyone who 's never seen a Michael Moore film and wants the entire experience at once -- it 's all here .
-LSB- Moore has -RSB- made his most enjoyable film in years and also his most inspiring , the antidote to prevailing global doom and gloom .
-LSB- Moore 's -RSB- friendliest film to date .
Where to Invade Next is n't always a nightmare of hot-topic liberalism .
Where to Invade Next is an important message on the social , political and economic state of our country , but Moore 's farcical tone may prove too much for viewers to take seriously .
... there 's also a lot of Michael Moore , which a lot of people are going to count as a liability . But he 's an effective storyteller and not a bad comedian . In many ways , this is his most optimistic and gentle film .
The film 's snide humor ca n't lift the veil of melancholy that pervades it , nor can Moore repeatedly placing himself in front of the camera to explain the most obvious ideas already on display .
Where to Invade Next is enlightening and engaging , but it lacks the thrillingly `` cinematic '' moments of Moore 's other films .
Speculative and simplistic , this is one of Michael Moore 's more superficial forays into advocacy filmmaking ...
Moore 's works , more advocacy than documentary in their approach , impel the viewer to take note or even better action .
though there is more humor here than the usual Moore doc , he still hits us over the head with his ongoing treatise on what is wrong with America .
Moore pokes fun at everyone , tones down the sarcasm and delivers his points with airy conviction .
`` Where to Invade Next '' is one of the Oscar-winner 's -LRB- `` Bowling for Columbine '' -RRB- lighter efforts , but it 's still entertaining and informative . A brilliant sociologist , Moore has a knack for cutting to the heart of what 's the matter with us .
-LSB- Moore 's -RSB- findings - on workers ' rights and women leaders , on education and school lunches , on prison systems and drug policies - are at once enlightening and depressing .
His subject is America , and Moore remains both agitator and schoolmarm on the subject . Where to Invade Next is undeniably entertaining , but make no mistake -- we 've been given homework .
Issue-oriented documentaries are so generally dour and panic-inducing that an approach like the one Michael Moore takes here -- `` He guys , there are solutions out there ! Lots of them ! C'mon , let 's take a look ! '' -- comes off as almost revolutionary .
Occasionally poignant but ham-handed and only semi-funny .
It does n't pretend to offer ` balance ' reporting . Instead , it 's a provocation , a conversation starter , and -- in this most distressing of presidential election years -- a plea for compassion .
Moore 's latest film , `` Where to Invade Next '' , is like a playlist of his greatest hits , and while it 's his most enjoyable , light-hearted doc in years , it also feels like material he 's already covered .
Instead of exposing what 's wrong with America , Moore wants to show us what a wonderful place this could be . If only we could get over ourselves a little .
-LSB- Moore -RSB- does n't treat the audience as participants in an intellectual exercise or a political discussion . He 's offering a lecture .
If anyone needs to implement some new ideas , it 's Michael Moore himself .
Moore , taking on his everyman role , delights in sharing that many of the programs and policies he highlights are founded on American ideals .
Are these problems insurmountable ? Sometimes it certainly feels as if they are , but perhaps not . Other nations are tackling them successfully , so why ca n't we ?
a crazy-like-a-fox documentary hellbent on seeing the best in people . Other people . Not us Americans . Turns out we suck at practicing what we preach . It 's classic Michael Moore .
Moore 's excused himself from basic journalistic rigor by declaring he 's only interested in ` picking flowers not weeds . '
The arguments are simplistic but effective , and while this entertaining film probably wo n't change many people 's minds about the need for social liberalism , that 's a ridiculous standard for any work of art .
Where To Invade Next is n't Moore 's best , but even when he shows a newfound restraint the filmmaker 's work always generates conversation .
Moore does n't keep things busy enough . Would the documentary have worked better as an HBO reality series ? Things would flow better , feeling less cluttered and repetitive .
`` Where to Invade Next '' is documentary filmmaking gone wrong , a churlish polemic that uses the tools of propaganda to construct its world view .
It 's a more impishly entertaining Moore than usual , using comedy and even a bit of fantasy to prove his point .
This new , more optimistic iteration of the previously shrill and often angry polemicist Moore is welcome .
` Where to Invade Next ' is not as strident or preachy as previous Moore movies . The film has a jaunty and playful lightness that makes it appealing and palatable .
Where to Invade Next is everything right-wingers -LRB- as well as some leftists -RRB- hate about Moore , though as always , the truth is probably somewhere in between . Or a little left of the center , anyway .
Moore 's doc , an unruly , yet energized work of nudging urgency , simply asks : What happened to us ?
`` Where to Invade Next '' is n't only a love letter to European successes ; it 's a cheer-up note to Fortress America , too .
An upbeat , happy film free of Moore 's usual sarcasm and his tendency to upstage the material with his ego ...
Where to Invade Next is arguable at every turn , which can be said of all of Moore 's movies , but this one does n't seem worth the effort .
While undoubtedly very opinionated ... quite an enjoyable trek through some hospitable , and perhaps instructive , foreign climes .
Ultimately , `` Where to Invade Next '' questions whether America has cast aside values that the rest of the world has come to embrace .
Along the way , Moore circles back to a fascinating insight : A lot of these progressive ideas originated in America .
The film is entertaining and disingenuous , which does n't make it wrong .
Despite questionable facts and occasionally outrageous logic , particularly on the issue of race , Moore is still able to shock , entertain , sadden and inspire us while also making a stunning - and surprisingly positive - plea for change .
Who knows if the ideas and solutions of other countries could even work here ? But Moore , at least , offers something to think about .
Moore forgets how to juggle his examples , creating an uneven spanking machine that 's only periodically enlightening .
There should be some kind of million-dollar prize for people who can watch this without shaking their head , 'cause no one will be able to do it .
As with any Michael Moore movie , attention must be paid .
It 's pretty formulaic , but it 's also enraging .
Lighter than usual Moore documentary that operates in a unusually upbeat manner for the usually more provocative filmmaker .
A playful , subtly patriotic work from our greatest cinematic gadfly . His goal is n't to criticize this country but to point out that others have solved problems we 're still grappling with , and to suggest we take a hint . What a foreign concept .
The faux-naif of Roger & Me and the strident , fearless prosecutor of Fahrenheit 9/11 is missed . Moore , indeed , is less .
Michael Moore does n't hate America . But he does wonder how other nations are doing so many things better than the supposed greatest country in the world .
As is too often the case with his work , `` Where to Invade Next '' is n't really about America -- it 's about Moore 's version of America , which means putting Moore front and center .
There are sections of Where to Invade Next that are important to see . As a whole , though , it does n't represent Michael Moore at the top of his game .
Moore finds a galvanizing climax by rallying around the notion that idealism trumps , if you 'll pardon the word , defeatism .
Meandering , misshapen and mistitled . Moore 's worst movie .
All in all , Moore does make a point . That a peaceful approach to life is better than forceful , and perhaps there is so much available in the U.S. that we are becoming an apathetic nation instead of a world power .
Michael Moore 's humor turns this humanity lesson into an entertaining as well as eye-opening documentary .
What seems to be missing this time around is the righteous troublemaker outrage and much of the caustic sarcasm and pointed irony . And Where to Invade Next is a better film because of it .
I thought it was utterly disgraceful ! Despite some great films in his past , with Where to Invade Next , Michael Moore proves once and for all that he is no better than the likes of Dinesh D'Souza in how shameless he can be in the obfuscation of facts .
`` Where to Invade Next '' is one of the year 's best documentaries . I just hope Moore is n't going soft on us . I miss those fast jabs to the face .
`` Where to Invade Next '' is blithely entertaining but almost completely devoid of rigor .
While Where To Invade Next might not be as intricate or as courageous as his cogent tour de force Fahrenheit 9/11 , it is just as satisfying .
A filmmaker who 's made a career on presenting his take on an issue 's origins and deeper meanings here only presents solutions .
Yet another progressive political primer from a proven master at questioning authority !
Is this project fundamentally a disservice to all the liberal ideas Moore 's championing ? The short answer : yes .
Where To Invade Next finds Michael Moore less indignant but more driven in his pursuit to improve America , and even though it 's too long , it still makes for some revelatory and powerful filmmaking .
While it 's gentle by his standards , Moore wraps it into an amusing and persuasive package .
Presented as a menu of mix-and-match progressive offerings , the ideas gradually lose their power . They become little more than smug sound-bites .
In the more than 25 years since the bracing brashness of Roger & Me , why are Moore 's documentary-making skills and aesthetic interests stuck with such an exasperating case of arrested development ?
Michael Moore could be accused of ignoring differences of history , culture , traditions , geography and economics when comparing these apples to those oranges .
Moore here makes his strongest bona fide argument in ages , albeit one that still gleefully stacks the deck and avoids examining possible downsides too carefully . He even comes across as genuinely patriotic , in his own way .
In my view , it 's one of the most genuinely , and valuably , patriotic films any American has ever made .
Watching it made me feel like a deprived child with my nose pressed against the glass of a magical toy store in a faraway land . On one side is a happy , harmonious land of productive people . On the other is a world of misery , anxiety , war and greed .
The people and policies he comes to know will shock all viewers , not just the Moore faithful , who have come to settle for less .
I 've never seen Moore focus on women 's rights before , and I 'm curious to see where this discovery leads him .
Closer to his ` TV Nation ' and ` The Awful Truth ' days , when he was n't yet the face of Cool , Pissed-Off Liberalism but just a guy with a camera making bite-sized attacks .
If you 're in a self-loathing mood , you might find yourself nodding along with Moore , a host and narrator who benefits from a jaunty tone and briskly paced editing . But I found the film intellectually facile and politically delusional .
Moore cherry-picks good news from his travels , which is only to be expected . But the extent to which he ignores contradictory facts is astonishing .
A creative and inspirational documentary meant to revive the American Dream by the inimitable Michael Moore .
Although his movie may be flabby in places , it 's should also be an eye-opener , especially for blind proponents of American exceptionalism -- probably the people least likely to give the movie , and Moore , a fair shot .
What the eager-to-amuse Moore is providing here is political entertainment with a pop-culture edge , a genre he pioneered .
Think what you will about the veracity of this usual one-sided doc , but can you at least admit that Michael Moore is the most entertaining maker of documentary films ?
Though still worth a look , Where to Invade Next falls in the bottom half of the Moore canon , neither as organized or potent as previous offerings .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The film 's purpose is clear , to inspire constructive discussions about concrete measures that could be taken to deliver a more humane culture to America . Bernie Sanders should take note .
Inveterate iconoclast Michael Moore circumnavigates the planet in this scathing indictment of American culture .
Yet it 's also eye-opening and sad to see that something as self-evident as `` happy worker = productive worker '' or `` rehabilitation beats revenge '' is such a radical notion that we , and Moore , stare upon them like novelties
Michael Moore 's solutions are simplistic , but the underlying malaise they highlight is disturbing .
It 's a diluted , scattershot approach for a filmmaker for whom optimism may not actually be a good fit .
Moore is as engaging as ever but the film 's message is nonsense . It is more likely that France will become more like the USA than the other way around . That is how capitalism works , after all .
As a rhetorical argument , or even a political blueprint , this falls apart almost as quickly as Moore can present it . But the movie definitely has merit as a consciousness-raising exercise .
More concerned with gimmicky jokes and facile comparisons than either artful filmmaking or reasoned analysis , Michael Moore has made an adulatory travelogue of Europe 's best policies that offers little nuance and even less insight .
Benevolent Capitalism : A Love Story . And why bother with pesky facts , when your objective is a feelgood film . Marx once said it 's not enough to be right , you have to be convincing . Moore grabs the latter notion , with faulty fact checking for the former .
For a lecture , it 's pretty entertaining and informative .
As informative and passionate as he often is on screen , he also always toes the line toward shooting himself in the rhetorical foot with his own thuggish persona .
It 's important to keep cynicism in check and remember that Moore 's cherrypicked vision of utopia is n't actually selling anything .
This is the happiest Moore film in tone , and his funniest film by far .
Beyond the thicket of sentiment , cherry-picking , and statistic-mongering , much of the information Moore presents is engrossing and even worthwhile .
In Where to Invade Next , Moore has stopped being cynical . He 's sincere - a noble fool willing to ask questions we 've abandoned .
It 's faint praise to say Where to Invade Next is maybe his best work since Bowling for Columbine , but beyond the aggravations of its premise ... the film builds to a powerful and convincing thesis about America 's fundamental disrespect for human dignity .
Moore has a winning way with fake incredulity and surging music .
Where To Invade Next shows almost no hints of what was ailing Moore six years ago . It 's a refreshing return to form both in terms of ethos and artistic merit .
A typically erratic Michael Moore documentary ...
Moore 's schtick of gee-whizzing his way through every interview -- and in his voiceover -- undermines the doc 's value .
Likely Moore 's most optimistic film .
It 's jocular , never feels like a screed , and it 's refreshingly outward-looking .
Moore has always been a guerrilla filmmaker , but in Where to Invade Next , his provocations dig deep below the surface of politics . He has made an act of guerrilla humanity .
Where to Invade Next preaches entertainingly to its choir , but offers little in the way of actionable intelligence .
A feature-length infomercial for socialism with Moore the more playfully funny mode of his classic `` Bowling for Columbine '' and `` Roger & Me . ''
`` Maybe there 's some real artistry behind Michael Moore 's button-pushing after all . ''
An overly protracted comedy sketch where Moore personally `` invades '' various mostly European countries as he steals various ideas that Americans could benefit from .
As America crawls towards a new administration - another chance to sell hope as a cure-all - we need voices like Moore 's to remind us that change takes work .
Funny and always on-topic without going overboard , it 's an engaging film that could broaden Moore 's fan base .
Michael Moore goes on a global tour with this impishly entertaining polemic .
A wide-ranging , slightly meandering documentary essay that blends crowd-pleasing japes with thought-provoking analysis .

@highlight

Where to Invade Next finds documentarian Michael Moore approaching progressive politics with renewed -- albeit unabashedly one-sided -- vigor .