It looks fantastic . Momoda 's penchant for meticulously detailed vistas teaming with life is well represented in scenes of Tokyo 's densely populated streets and the gargantuan battle arena of the Beast Kingdom
-LSB- Its -RSB- familiar beats cunningly coalesce into an elaborate plot , set to Takagi Masakatsu 's bustling score .
Award-winning writer director Mamoru Hosoda 's film feels like a classic tale rather than a modern take , the characters are quite two-dimensional , the moral simple , but it is sweet , engaging -LSB- and -RSB- sometimes funny .
The Boy and the Beast is a beautifully warm film that rides on a wave of emotion and fantasy .
A beautifully animated tale that is often more appealing than some live-action blockbusters competing for your attention this summer .
The burgeoning bond between man and monster hits soaring emotional heights , even if the new world feels a little under-developed .
The animation is impressive throughout , but it is the balance of visual spectacle and heartfelt emotions that cuts deeper ...
Animated wonders abound in The Boy and the Beast , a beautifully drawn fantasy tale by Japanese anime filmmaker Mamoru Hosoda .
A film that does n't try to redefine fantasy anime , instead it exploits the classic anime characters argue and fight all the time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Boy and the Beast is surprisingly funny , incredibly poignant and boasts some great lessons : Everybody 's got darkness to control , and family is what you make , not what you 're born into .
None of this is at all groundbreaking or unimaginably sophisticated , but it works so very well to make for an involving , admirable family film .
... Hosoda flirts with the uncompromising challenges of the real world , allowing airs of self-doubt and oversight to affect the story .
An emotional coming of age story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With great and detailed animation , this is a fun and entertaining tale of acceptance , evolution , learning , love and family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that combines humor , kindness , adventure , fighting and a message about love . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hosoda is well on his way to become the next Miyazaki . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun and visually diverse film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great effort to blur the lines between what 's real and what is n't through a great metaphorical game . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A decent animated film that 's as politically correct as it is predictable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with great visual strength that never stops being very personal . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The scenes of luminance , slow pans , flashbacks , and action sequences here are masterly . Yet it 's that deep , rancorous affection between adoptive father and surrogate son spurring , charging , stampeding The Boy and the Beast along .
Hosoda has a Miyazaki-like gift for creating fully realized fantasy worlds that need no dialogue to dazzle .
The soundscape is rich , and the beast-battles well executed . But the characters never develop beyond their two-word descriptors : Conflicted Boy , Lonely Girl , Angry Son , etc. .
There are images as gorgeous as paintings , including rain-soaked streets and reflections in glass that are seldom even attempted in hand-drawn animation , and even less frequently managed so well
I did n't mind spending time with these characters , even when their movie seemed on the verge of shaking itself apart .
The story elements are fairly well balanced , but it 's hard to shake off the feeling that , even in a philosophical fantasy world , women remain mere distant helpmates , and men do all the fun stuff .
Two and a half hours is too much for this light packed journey . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A glorious fantasy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has results whose audacity has always been a step ahead of what we might find in the western film animation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hasoda has developed a winning blend of escapism , charm and thoughtful narrative insight to back up his claim -LSB- to be the new king of Japanese animation -RSB- .
A different kind of anime , mature despite its layer of apparent infantilization -LRB- in both its visuals and plot -RRB- . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Pixar and Ghibli , please note .
The whole thing displays that combination of visual flair and wildly inventive storytelling that distinguishes Japanese animation from the rest of the field .
While the story can often be hard to follow , the director 's emotive brand of atmospherics leaves a lasting mark throughout .
Questions may linger about what 's real and what 's projected from Ren 's turbulent feelings , but the film creates such vivid worlds on both sides of the alley , you 'll root for their coexistence .
The Boy and the Beast 's story of a child in an anthropomorphic Wonderland , finding a family with the gruff , bearlike creature , its rollicking action and humour all mark another great Hosoda animation , that sadly loses momentum in a flat second half
The Boy and the Beast is one of the best films I have ever seen ; animated or otherwise . Mamoru Hosoda has created something truly magical and powerfully significant .
The Boy and the Beast continues to solidify Mamoru Hosoda 's reputation , and serves as a heartfelt , satisfying reminder that Japanese animation has a bright future .
The Boy and the Beast is a fun movie about two fiercely independent souls that somehow find a way to come together .
We 're all quite clear that it 's about letting go of anger before it consumes you-and it manages to be about that idea with some style .
As cool as those visuals may be , the thing that will resonate most with viewers is The Boy and the Beast 's messages about family and finding the personal strength to resist the darkness within our hearts .
The animation is gorgeous : graphically rich in background and character design , with that very Japanese awareness of the transitory forms of nature . The storytelling is beyond uneven , but that 's not unusual .
Surprisingly touching coming-of-age adventure has heart .
Writer-director Mamoru Hosoda -LRB- `` Wolf Children , '' `` Summer Wars '' -RRB- expertly blends emotion and action into a gorgeous and enchanting anime film aimed at older children and adults .
What sets this film apart from its generic predecessors is writer/director Hosoda 's knack for playful set pieces , and unsentimental love of surrogate familial communities .
A brilliant , funny morality tale that examines the transformative effects of martial-arts training .
The characterizations and conflicts here are strictly generic .
A mish-mash that seems original .
Brawny , occasionally comical anime epic is best seen on the big screen , where the superior sound design and Masakatsu Takagi 's bombastically action-centric score can be fully appreciated .
Anime enthusiasts will enjoy `` The Boy and the Beast , '' but so will anyone who appreciates a good fantasy yarn .
It is the world of man , not beast , that makes this coming-of-age movie most touching .
For teens and tweens in the midst of their own coming-of-age stories , it has the potential to be a wondrous eye-opener .
A few instances of gorgeous and magical imagery can not make up for the lack of genuine emotion or a fresh story . Strictly for devoted anime fans .
Hosoda needs a dark streak of drama and he delivers it right on cue .
The Boy and the Beast works with many common anime tropes but does n't find anything new to say about them .
The Boy and the Beast is an effervescent anime and one of the most exquisite feature-length animations of recent memory .
A raucously entertaining if slightly overlong romp which borrows liberally from existing sources but has more than enough character and brio to stand foursquare on its own two hairy feet .
Rousing , exciting , and incredibly touching : Family-friendly anime really does n't get much better than this .
That is the sign of a great storyteller - when they work , not in surprises , but in giving you exactly what you did n't know you wanted .
An enchanting anime overflowing with imaginative energy and visual panache .
... never quite as transcendent as it might be ...
`` The Boy and the Beast '' confirms Mamoru Hosoda 's reputation as one of the most interesting writer-directors working in Japanese animation .
`` The Boy And The Beast '' is a treat to look at , is inventive in spots , and will probably be eaten up by younger viewers . But it ultimately proves both narratively unsatisfying and emotionally lacking ,
For all its supernatural stylings , it 's the natural connections that count .
An action-packed buddy movie that strategically combines several of Japanese fans ' favorite ingredients : conflicted teens , supernatural creatures and epic battles .

@highlight

The Boy and the Beast combines familiar parts to create a gripping , beautifully animated adventure with inventive storytelling to match its visual appeal .