Shot like a feature-length commercial , Torque is as bright and shiny and inconsequential as a chrome hubcap .
Silly and violent , mostly comprised of stunts .
A low grade really bad action flick without a single brain cell in its head ...
If you want to see Matrix on bikes , Torque is the stuff . Just as long as you do n't want any of that ... what do they call it ? Acting or something ?
Torque is so awful it would have embarrassed Roger Corman forty years ago .
Blessed with a tongue-in-cheek script , plenty of burning-rubber chases , and a sense of its own ridiculousness .
A very loud movie , loud in every way . It 's loud with noise of motorbikes , and it 's loud with overacting and loud with gravity-defying effects that seem ultimately ridiculous
Um videogame mal realizado .
There is a certain kick to the film and its massive mayhem , but it all seems quite coldly programmed .
Torque is like a third generation copy of a bad videotape .
This is a movie so stupid , I 'm surprised Paul Walker is n't in it .
An expeditious ending keeps Torque from ever really wearing out its welcome , but if that 's the best that can be said about it , perhaps it 's better left unsaid .
I was heartily entertained , for all the wrong reasons .
If you want an adrenaline rush , this will give it to you . It 's worth a matinee at least .
Red Bull : The Movie
... too much and too little all at the same time ...
Are we watching a car commercial ? An ad for leather jeans ? For Viagra ?
If it 's lacking much in the way of distinction , it benefits from an abundance of panache .
Make no mistake , Torque is -- by any rational standards -- a bad movie . But it 's a fun bad movie .
I did n't hate Torque , and I guess that goes to say some things for the film . At the very least , it kept me entertained .
Thankfully , Torque knows what it wants to be ... and flashes a jocular self-awareness about its genre affiliation .
... The ninth circle of gearhead Hell .
Torque plays like a mall-friendly version of a Russ Meyer movie , processed through Westerns , The Warriors and current teen culture .
As sleazy as they come . And , much like the person we continue to date even though we know we should n't , it 's kinda hard not to feel a little affection for it .
The real auteur here is producer Neal H. Moritz , whose previous odes to reckless endangerment and beer-commercial sexuality include the ` Fast and Furious ' films ...
The ads make `` Torque '' appear to be a movie that 's all action , with scantily clad women , studly bikers and fighting . And yes , there 's still truth in advertising .
It 's acceptable to use CGI to enhance the action , but this movie takes it over the line . When everything is artificial , it 's impossible to create excitement or suspense .
A fast-paced compendium of Jerry Bruckheimer-style clichés .
Produces little in the way of rotation , torsion or anything else that could be roughly diagrammed as excitement .
Glib , ego-thumping disaster that tries so hard to be cool that flop-sweat practically drips off the sprockets .
Shows just how good , and mindless , a biker flick can be .
It 's cotton-candy junk food that , for once , actually knows what it 's doing ... Entertaining all the way .
Casualties of this wreck are numerous and unfortunate .
A towering bore .
The loudest , trashiest , stupidest , cheesiest celebration of ritualized male aggression of 2004 .
Even the more attention-grabbing scenes are too obviously faked to build suspense , and too confusingly cut to sustain continuity .
The script here is irredeemably 2 fetid and 2 foolish .
Watching it is the closest thing yet to seeing a first-person driving game play itself .
The creators of Torque need n't have gone to all the trouble of making a movie ; they could have proceeded straight to the video game .
A Fast and the Furious on motorcycles that gets its juice from its road action but little else .
A strong candidate for the most thunderingly stupid movie of the year .
A silly , souped-up melodrama without a muffler .
Torque is a vacuous variation on an old beer slogan : Looks great , less filling .
Torque is a movie for those who thought `` 2 Fast 2 Furious '' was 2 long or 2 mentally taxing .
High-octane , low-IQ outing .
A chase picture for 12-year-olds .
The movie is simple fun .
A vapid attempt to ride the high-octane coattails of Fast and Furious .
A full-throttle video-game ride for the MTV set .
If your idea of a great time is drinking a case of Red Bull while playing video games at top volume , Torque ought to provide just the right level of hyperstimulation .
A new classic of the genre .
What happens when a guy who produces B-movies aimed at 13-year-old boys decides to make a B-movie of one his B-movies ? Torque happens .
A non-stop assault on the senses .
Devoid of any signs of intelligent life .
A good stupid movie .
It 's got ... a solid sense of humor about its own awfulness .
... could be considered a good ` popcorn movie ' only if the popcorn that accompanies it was made three weeks ago ...
Torque is slightly bearable because the filmmakers almost acknowledge how stupid it all is .
Movies like this are best enjoyed with your mind completely on autopilot .
Torque actually manages to outdumb such similarly brain-dead films as The Fast and the Furious -LRB- and its sequel -RRB- and Biker Boyz .
If you approach the movie with a sense of humor and an appreciation for the preposterous , you may have a decent time .
If there 's a movie with a lower IQ released this year it 'll be a miracle .
For all the fast cuts , the furious vibes , the faux sexiness , Torque is canned and mighty flat .
The film is better than it might have been , and better than it had to be . Take it on its own terms , and you might find it interesting .
This is a movie that knows you know it 's dumb , and that 's enough to make the whole thing worth tolerating .
Do n't - try-this-at-home stunts collide with a do n't - read-this-anywhere script .
The problem with a lot of these music-video-turned-movie directors is that they have a keen eye for the visual , but no clue how to tell stories -LRB- longer than 4 minutes -RRB- .
A biker picture for the Xbox generation , Torque is the most senseless assault on the senses imaginable .
Kahn delivers an action pic whose CGI effects more closely resemble a video game than reality and whose organizing principle is the three-minute music video ...
It gets you hopped up on Red Bull , takes you to a speed-metal concert and tosses you off the stage for some crowd surfing .
Boys who love fast bikes and faster chicks are going to have a lot of fun with `` Torque ''
The absurdity is intoxicating , the look dizzying , the brains nonexistent .
The implausible Torque is for those who found The Fast and the Furious too urbane
Hopes to do for motorcycles what ` The Fast and the Furious ' did for tricked-out Jettas but only winds up doing what ' 2 Fast 2 Furious ' did for ` The Fast and the Furious ' .
A big FU to The Fast and the Furious . You wo n't see a faster , more furious film this year .
A mirage , or perhaps fever-dream , designed to blind the senses and take audiences on a ride not unlike the one Keir Dullea endured once he ventured into 2001 's black hole .
This monotonously macho action-adventure film wears testosterone as if it were a new fragrance .
Torque is like a grease stain on your favorite shirt - dirty , maddening and unnecessary .
A high-decibel biker flick that puts the ` less ' back in mindless .
The constant breaking of the laws of physics -- which is regularly done to create the snappier racing sequences for Torque -- is only one of the ways this film is irritating .
The biker toughs in Torque sure do break a lot of laws . Mostly those of physics and common sense .
While more entertaining than last year 's `` Biker Boyz , '' `` Torque '' ultimately is little more than a showcase for its stylish leatherwear and supercharged hogs
One percent dumb plot , 74 percent stunts , and 25 percent attitude , or , rather Hollywood 's idea of what passes for attitude .
There is so much testosterone in this film that any woman who watches it will come out of it with a hairy chest and a favorite football team .
A video game on steroids .
If you could just watch Torque , you 'd think it 's great looking . But if you listen to it , you 'll think it 's one of the dumbest movies ever made .
Welcome to the last frontier in computer-generated effects -- where you 're not even supposed to believe that what you 're seeing is possible , just cool .
As long as you consume it as fast as it moves , you wo n't get indigestion .
Amazingly enough , this two-wheeled spinoff of The Fast and the Furious has dumbed down the franchise .
Torque is a terrific action picture , fast-moving , studded with great stunts and smart enough not to take itself too seriously .
Zippy , stylish fun .
A movie made by people who seem to have chuckled up their sleeves as they shot the picture and expect to laugh all the way to the bank afterwards .
As for the title , ` torque ' basically means ` rotating force , ' although it should be noted that it emerges from the same Latin root as ` torture . '
There is so much style , complete with irritatingly constant ultra-close-ups , and so little substance , that it 's hard to imagine even 16-year-olds coming away satisfied .
If you 're looking for laughs and have already seen ` Bad Santa , ' this is your best bet .
As a movie , it makes a great video game .
What 's worse are the repeatedly guffaw-inducing product placements , including a battle of `` PEPSI '' vs. `` MOUNTAIN DEW ''
As dumb as January at the movies but fun as well .
It 's difficult to tell which is worse -- the acting or the writing .
A guzzle of yahoo-Mountain Dew empty-calorie satisfaction .
It would need to move up several rungs on the evolutionary ladder to be classified as garbage ... you come out feeling as though you 've just been run over by a semi .
But nothing is done well in this ... outhouse of a production . Nothing . Yes , I know I 'm repeating myself . Nothing .
Nothing to offer , except an evening spent making fun of one of the world 's worst movies .
Director Joseph Kahn 's Torque is inoffensively diverting-it 's neither a work of inspired genre genius or mere manipulative commercial trash .













@highlight

Silly and noisy , Torque is stylish fun for the MTV crowd .