Sleek and shiny but ultimately lifeless , an interesting premise becomes terribly humdrum in this sci-fi thriller . There 's nothing to offend , but little of note either .
Ultimately , Surrogates is n't going to break any records , but it 's the kind of movie I 'd stop at while channel surfing and watch the whole thing on a Saturday afternoon .
Underneath its typical Hollywood exterior there is a decent movie waiting to shine through . But so much else is just typical of the genre , it 's hard to summon any more enjoyment from it .
Fails to land a killing blow that pays off the simplified mystery with any distinct urgency . It 's a flawed film , but far from unbearable . Nothing a DVD director 's cut could n't fix .
A film that raises many interesting ideas but follows through on few of them .
I wish I had a surrogate to watch it for me .
A smart little genre outing , an endangered species in modern Hollywood . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Surrogates establishes an intriguing premise for exploring a world in which virtual life trumps physical reality , but the thematic potential is squandered in favor of a by-the-numbers police procedural .
Yetta nudder cautionary tale issuing dire warnings about the pitfalls of technology run amuck .
Sure , it 's made capably , in a technical sense . But it 's banal , utterly predictable and often quite stupid .
I would have liked to explore this world more and not keep slamming into some convoluted scheme that defeats its own purpose . I had fun watching it , but I actually thought the movie was smarter than its plot .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Seems less like a 21st Century would-be blockbuster than a lost 80 's relic only just rediscovered . Either way , we 're lucky to have it .
The end result is somewhat underwhelming . It 's more of a novella than a novel , and hardly the science fiction action blockbuster audiences were expecting .
... viewers with even a passing interest in science fiction will find something worth embracing here .
Good ideas rub up against bad ideas , and the result is a movie that is worth a look but could have been much more .
This predictable flick executed in a numbingly pedestrian fashion , has slapped a nifty conceit onto its threadbare mystery-thriller plot , but has somehow managed to miss every opportunity to take advantage of it
Has all the get-up-and-go of a dead battery .
Its humanity , some cool technology and Bruce Willis save this film from simply being a compilation of a zillion similarly themed `` too much technology '' lessons .
SF chillers of the past that warned about dehumanization -- ` Invaders from Mars , ' for example -- posited an outside threat ; now , in a 21st-century world of plastic surgery and online avatars , the danger comes from within : the dehumanization is voluntary .
Semi-plausible and semi-watchable futuristic -LRB- but still looking like today 's world -RRB- dystopian ` save the world ' sci-fi thriller .
The problem with the movie is that while the action is swift , the set design is polished and the running time is enjoyably lean , the film leaves behind too many unanswered questions in its quest to drive the action forward .
This movie does what science fiction is supposed to do , but seldom does anymore , it makes a comment about today 's society by taking current trends and carrying them to a profound technological conclusion .
The provocative Philip K. Dick-like premise deserves better than this warmed-over apocalyptic murder mystery .
A failure of speculative fiction , of plot , and of good old fashioned action filmmaking .
The picture trades in hoary Bruce Willis police procedural clichés and underdeveloped conceits .
This play between the plastic and the organic asks if perfect safety is worth sitting in the womb of virtual reality for the rest of your life .
Every sci-fi and action flick cliché is crammed in here and Mostow could n't give a damn if you 've seen them all before . He might not do them better , but he 'll do them well enough .
An efficient , engaging B-movie parable that grapples with technology , civil liberties , terrorism , freewill and religious subtext all in 89 minutes . It 's also a true rarity : A good movie in which usually bald Bruce Willis sports a full head of hair .
fun entertainment and definitely worth seeing for fans of science-fiction/high concept films .
This popcorn thriller has a bit of imagination blended in with the been-done-before action .
Surrogates - double the sci-fi fun in only 85 minutes . Why the rush , Mr. Willis ?
While not as smart as it could be , Surrogates is thought provoking and mildly entertaining .
High-tech robots threaten humanity in edgy sci-fi thriller .
Whatever the reason , Surrogates was shielded from the eyes of critics before its opening , and that 's a shame . Because , whatever its flaws , it is a good movie .
If the whole point of this surrogate society is to appear as a perfectly beautiful avatar , why would Bruce Willis choose that ludicrous blond wig that looks like he plucked it off a mannequin at Boscov 's ?
If you did n't know any better , you 'd swear that both the cast and crew of Surrogates were trying to make the worst movie possible .
Surrogates is entertaining and ingenious , but it settles too soon for formula .
The premise for this sci-fi actioner makes sense for about four seconds , after which you begin to wonder why everyone on the planet would willingly become a shut-in , how the poor are supposed to shell out for these high-tech androids , etc. .
While the film ca n't escape its own robotic storytelling and inability to elicit a genuine emotion , it does deserve credit for keeping the focus on people , not robots .
Give credit to filmmaker Jonathan Mostow for keeping the movie on track ; give credit to star Bruce Willis for keeping a straight face .
If you keep your expectations low , there are some sci-fi pleasures of visual appeal to be had , but it 's tough getting past director Jonathan Mostow 's wet noodle brand of storytelling .
A familiar feeling mash-up of many films , Surrogates is enjoyable as the slight popcorn chomper it 's meant to be . Wo n't tax the brain overmuch , but is enjoyable as the modern day 1950 's B-movie that it is .
Bruce Willis sees robot surrogates instead of dead people in this fairly entertaining sci fi flick
Throw away the Blackberry ? Surrogates is yet another serviceable sci-fi whodunit about how our dependency on technology will be the ruin of us all .
While this sci-fi thriller has an intriguing premise , it 's synthetic and superficial in its execution .
Because it 's easy to spot the culprit , suspense gets short shrift here . That 's surprising , for Jonathan Mostow delivered uber-suspense in ` Breakdown . '
While the film will make you contemplate the effects of technology on human interaction , the script is dull and one dimensional . The worst part is that it could have been great .
One of the year 's more entertaining sci-fi films .
It 's halfway decent as a thriller , but it just does n't bother to dig deep enough into its own concept to be very satisfying .
The ideas on display may prompt plenty of fruitful discussions in the coffee shop after the screening , but that still does n't add up to a satisfying experience .
Has an initially intriguing premise and plenty of slick production values , but it suffers from style over substance , diminishing suspense , and a plot that feels too bland , inane and ultimately underwhelming .
Entertaining , suspenseful and wildly original . See it for yourself but leave your surrogate at home .
Always intriguing but never involving .
If the movie gets a bit hokey on the surface , its haunting undercurrents never let up .
The whole affair is surprisingly dialogue-heavy , in spite of the fact it has nothing meaningful to say .
The problem is simple : it 's too short . The story introduces a series of gripping elements , then fails to fully capitalize on a single one of them . With a running time of just 88 minutes , how could it ?
It 's cold , lifeless , and silly , and it takes itself far , far too seriously .
The robotic surrogates go about their business in the most monotone way possible . That low energy hurts the movie .
While the notion holds promise , the execution is strictly campy and adrenaline-driven .
Troubling news from the future : we 'll perfect robotics , but still be unable to master a decent toupee .
Harbinger of what should be coming .
Mostow demonstrates an uncharacteristic lack of subtlety throughout that suggests a diminishment of skills for the man who helmed the crackerjack kidnap thriller Breakdown .
Surrogates leaves you wanting more , but is entertaining for the short run time .
Do the actors sound so robotic because they are playing robots well or humans badly ? And did a machine write this dialogue ? If so , could we please apply for an upgrade ?
The film moves along so quickly , and the surrogate world look is so eerie .
Bruce Willis has little to do but hit his predictable marks and mouth the generic dialogue .
Big , bloated and worst of all boring , it takes its relatively solid B-movie Philip K. Dick meets Japanese anime premise and does very little of interest with it .
Surrogates creates a world it has little interest in exploring beyond the boundaries set by a fairly dull whodunit .
Like Blade Runner re-imagined by a twelve-year-old .
I wanted to love it . I was somewhat entertained . I 'd like to go check out the graphic novelit is loosely based on . But it left me as emotionally cold as an unplugged surrogate .
Imagine that your Facebook page , complete with that airbrushed profile photo , can go out into `` real '' society and leave you at home twiddling your fingers , living vicariously through it . That 's the general concept of Surrogates , where humans stay sh
The ideas probably have a bit more juice than the movie , but it 's still an alert piece of entertainment .
An attractive slice of glossy dystopian sci-fi shenanigans from the team behind Terminator 3 sees Bruce Willis reprising the one-cop-against-the-system role that he could by now play in his sleep . Or even via a remote controlled robotic surrogate .
Surrogates nudges the robo-thriller in an interesting direction .
There 's enough sugar-rush energy on display to ensure it 's never dull .
The action scenes feel curtailed and a little cheesy , but it has a veneer of day-glo creepiness which holds the attention .
Surrogates bleakly satirizes our increasingly plugged-in world .
A twisty whodunit that is never quite believable or satisfying , especially when -LSB- Willis -RSB- tries to re-connect with the humanity he has lost by living such a sheltered life .
Like the titular avatars in this graphic novel adaptation , `` Surrogates '' is a rote whodunit masquerading as a techno-thriller .
Parental Content Review
Too often it feels like one of the robotic surrogates was left in charge of the scripting and directing duties for large portions of the movie .
A more cerebral thriller than your standard sci-fi fare , Mostow strikes just the right balance between in-your-face action and social comment on technology as a lifestyle .
Surrogates is yet another film that got swallowed by the Hollywood machine and spit out the other side . It 's a surrogate of itself .
Wasting the chance to be a great , resonant SF metaphor , Surrogates ultimately proves as bland and empty as its pretty mechanical protagonists .
Despite bumpy execution likely to have detractors yelling `` déjà boo , '' Surrogates oozes possibilities .
The script is by the team that gave us Catwoman and the last two Terminator movies , which tells you all you need to know .
Fans of actual sci-fi literature will probably enjoy this more than fans of slam-bang action . But at less than 90 minutes , it 's not long enough to bore the haters too badly .
There 's fun robot stuff , some good philosophical ideas , and a brief , nutty Willis-Ving Rhames reunion 15 years after Pulp Fiction .
For all the inspirations , the pieces of better stories that this tale was concocted from , Surrogates never manages to be anything more than a poor substitute for the real thing .
Broaches topical subjects with a meditative quality that blends nicely with its dark brand of not-so-far-off fantasy .
The beauty of Surrogates lies not so much in the somewhat conventional thriller plot , though it is efficiently crafted and keeps the audience guessing up to the end .
Asimov it is n't but , for crash bang wallop , Surrogates hits most of the right buttons .
Surrogates favours action-packed , empty-headed spectacle over credible , coherent plot and the brief running time leaves you wondering what they left on the cutting room floor .
Set your brain to standby and you 'll just about suck up this glossy dollop of Total Recall-lite .
This disjointed if sporadically striking science fiction gives the impression of having been heavily re-cut .
a surprisingly strong entry into the ever-shrinking arena of serious sci-fi .
Surely Isaac Asimov , Philip K. Dick and Stan Winston must be tossing in their grave for what all their creative and innovative ideas have wrought .
Half-baked and generic , Surrogates is entertaining enough for what it is , but a bland take on what could have been truly special .
Imagine `` Gamer '' without the lucid plot and the designer nihilism but with the inscrutable storyline , nonexistent direction and somnambulant performances and you have this film in all its hacky non-glory .
Particularly silly ... the sort of emptily bombastic popcorn movie that might make you wish you had a surrogate to go and sit through it in your place .
Surrogates is a compelling set-up buttressed by slick effects and impressive production values that ultimately proves to be as hollow and superficial as the technology it conjures .
Beyond providing an excuse to sometimes wear a creepy wig which Barbie 's boyfriend must want back , why Willis picked the shiny , empty Surrogates as his sci-fi return is n't clear from the tepid results on screen .
Surrogates stays afloat by not taking itself too seriously , but also by recognizing that a movie about robots should n't look as if it were made by one .
Director Jonathan Mostow makes the proceedings such fun that you 're willing to forfeit the smart satire this might have been for the trashy adventure flick that it is .
By mixing a detective story and futuristic robots the filmmakers were likely aiming for the next Blade Runner . They wound up with the next Battlefield Earth .
Just as the dystopian world the movie portrays is arid and specious , the movie itself is a mechanical sci-fi ` er absent of logic or emotions .
The film is n't shy about its feelings about technology - it 's time to unplug . It laments a culture that medicates pain away and has its head in virtual realms .
A film about robots that might find its biggest fans among Luddites , Surrogates is an intense and eerily plausible sci-fi thriller .
If robots had to make a movie without human help , Surrogates is what they might come up with . All the parts are visible , but there 's no soul to be found .
Who does n't want to see Radha Mitchell hurl a parking meter like a javelin ?
High concept and high budget , Surrogates adds astounding techno magic to ideas mooted in films like Multiplicity , Total Recall and I Robot , but fails to achieve the humanity the film champions



@highlight

Though it sports a slick look and feel , Surrogates fails to capitalize on a promising premise , relying instead on mindless action and a poor script .