Uneven dysfunctional family dramedy for adults .
A movie that works beautifully when it 's on point and feels sort of hollow when it 's not .
Yes , Introducing the Dwights is a melodrama , but this melodrama handles its emotional manipulation with such subtle honesty that it takes on an impressive degree of realism .
... does little more than disappoint its audience with annoying characters and stereotypical situations .
As lively as a slap in the face , this film struggles to connect with us due to an extremely unsympathetic central figure , but still wins us over with strong acting and a sweet romance .
It does n't quite add up as a convincingly rounded drama , thanks largely to a tepid feelgood ending , but there are many good moments - and the expert acting from Blethyn alone is worth the price of a ticket .
If you 're making a film about a stand-up , it helps if she has at least one good gag in her routine .
Brenda Blethyn gets her teeth into the role of a flamboyant showbiz monster who ca n't accept that her career has failed to make the big time .
This heartfelt , good-natured film grew on me , and Blethyn always commands attention .
You ca n't help but mourn for the hint of an intriguing film that could have been .
Promising turns from Booth and Chittenden are n't enough to save a slight and sloppy Aussie soap from a poor script , messy direction and Blethyn 's overbearing performance .
It 's Keith Thompson 's script that struggles here , his sub-Little Voice histrionics leaving next to nothing for the cast to work with .
In the hands of Mike Leigh , this could be a masterpiece , as it is , it 's forgettable fun .
A story slighter than the froth on top of a tube of Fosters .
Feels like a Sunday night TV drama - and not a very good one at that .
Enjoyable , emotionally engaging Australian drama with superb performances from Blethyn and an up-and-coming young cast .
Introducing the Dwights is funny and poignant , with a tour-de-force performance by British actress Brenda Blethyn .
Director Cherie Nowlan is far too intent on serving up searing pathos washed down , inevitably , with a tub of soaring affirmation .
At times , it 's a mawkish drama about a mother-son relationship that 's uncomfortable to watch and too melodramatic to be believed . Then , it 's a sprightly comedy about an innocent boy who hits the adolescent jackpot .
Short on credibility , characterization , humor and honesty .
One of those quirky Australian comedies that 's almost as charming and sharp as it thinks it is .
It 's time we all met the Dwights .
There 's nothing lovely , however , about the movie 's bombastic ending , but there are enough small moments until then to make this mixed-up experience vaguely worthwhile .
It understands that while we may do destructive things , we 're all well-meaning at our core .
Sometimes Brenda Blethyn is content merely to nibble the scenery . In Introducing the Dwights , a drippy Australian family comedy caper , she chomps it to a pulp until we long for her straightforward monstrosity as a mother in Little Voice .
Reminiscent of past Australian films that did n't hesitate to throw jarring characters at us and challenge us to appreciate their humanity , even amidst wacky behaviours .
The broader characterizations may be off , but -LSB- director -RSB- Nowlan observes other small details with sensitive precision .
Undeniably funny , pulling back just before it gets too cute or Jeannie gets too annoying . When the script ca n't quite do the job , Blethyn uses all her charm and talent to compensate .
Some offbeat humor shines through the clouds of this glum domestic drama , especially when fun friends shift the focus from Jean 's grating histrionics . But it never lasts long .
-LSB- Actor -RSB- Wilson hits a new low in the dubious realm of nonretarded actors grinning and flailing their arms about in the hopes of communicating mental deficiency and inspiring sympathy in their audience and recognition from film-award committees .
When the film veers into drama toward the end , it 's a bottle-throwing , mascara-streaked exercise in bathos rather than anything remotely resembling real life .
... watching them bray and screech at each other is nerve-wracking .
Leads right back to the usual sitcom destination .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Nowlan has no problem pouring on the syrup .
A smart alternative to summer 's bloated blockbusters .
If you want a blowsy , overprotective British mother , the choice would be Brenda Blethyn ... who gets to tear up the screen as -LSB- a -RSB- self-centered force of nature ...
This film avoids the predictable . Director Cherie Nowlan shows a deft hand , taking us right into the anger and pain of a single mother confronting disappointment and loss even as she 's delivering her zingers .
Blethyn , Chittenden and Wilson create a believable and ultimately endearing family ; a trio of dreamers , big and small .
Ultimately this wondrous film is about letting go -- of old wardrobes , bad jokes , unrealistic dreams and of children and parental ties . You leave glad to have met the Dwights and applauding their adaptability , if not Mom 's jokes .
It gives us a few interesting characters and allows us to follow them through a critical phase of change and growth . It does what all good coming of age movies do , and that makes it a worthy and welcome entry into the genre .
Unfortunately , by making the movie both a comedic coming of age story and a family drama , -LSB- screenwriter -RSB- Thompson ultimately weakens the end result .
Keith Thompson 's screenplay is clever and ensures that every character is well-rounded and recognizably human .
A throw-your-hands-up , head-shaking disappointment .
-LSB- The film -RSB- likes these people and these kooky scenarios too much to detach itself enough to simply observe them . And it does n't understand them well enough to convince us they make sense .
Blethyn creates sympathy for a manipulative , prickly character who 's struggling to redefine her roles onstage and off . Director Cherie Nowlan steers the comedy to a feel-good ending .
Slightly slapsticky with broad Aussie humour , Cherie Nowlan 's Introducing the Dwights is an ordinary dramedy that features a fine performance by British star Blenda Blethyn , but falls short in charm and originality .
Blethyn gives a ... real , lived-in performance that could only come from a show-business veteran herself .
The script 's attempt to splice together a fumbling love story with a portrait of toxic personality disorder feels incongruous , like a serving of porridge flambé au whisky .
This is the best kind of family dramedy , skewering the contentious relationship between parent and adult child but never failing to celebrate life 's major passages as anything less than trials to be gotten through , and then cherished .
A surface-level examination of family dynamics that ca n't escape its trite origins .
Blethyn 's character was someone I did not enjoy spending so much time with . Her character was so irritating that I was happy to see the ending credits roll .
The supporting players are amiable , and while the family 's multiple dysfunctions verge on cartoonishness , the actors keep their characters relatively realistic .
Director Cherie Nowlan creates vivid personalities for the entire family and exposes the raw nerves of the biting humor .
How is it possible that none of the people who made Introducing the Dwights or put it in theaters noticed that even when the main character is being ` nice , ' she is so intolerable that she makes you long for a volume knob so you can turn her down ?
The psychology here borders on the ugly , while the comedy stays light , a contrast that does n't work a lot of the time .
Keeps its quirks in check as a family comes together , with an authenticity that you ca n't buy with a bigger budget .
The cast can not hide the movie 's derivative shortcomings , which only remind us that we 've seen better and funnier elsewhere .
Jean Dwight -LRB- Brenda Blethyn -RRB- is perhaps the most overbearing , self-obsessed and irritating matriarchal big screen figure since Norman Bates ' mum in ` Psycho ' .
Introducing the Dwights is a marvelous Australian family dramedy that occasionally creates the claustrophobic sensation of being trapped in quarreling hell .
The movie proves even more dysfunctional than the Dwights themselves ... despite the title , you 'd be well advised not to make this family 's acquaintance .
There are films about monstrous overbearing moms , often played by Shelley Winters , and there are those `` heartwarming '' losing-one 's - virginity flicks -LRB- `` Summer of ' 42 '' -RRB- . Australia 's entry into this field consolidates the best elements of both genres .
The movie belongs to Blethyn , who takes a difficult , easily misunderstood role and gracefully cracks it open to reveal what 's inside .
Down-under mom 's over the top in Dwight .
Blethyn 's character is a vulgar cartoon , and the actress greedily consumes the scenery . That may be fitting for a woman who craves the spotlight , but the film suffers for her egocentrism .
How did this little gem EVER sneak into theatres this summer ? Laughs , insight , human emotion ... What a concept !
... has the sweet-and-sour honesty of a memoir .
A collision of Jeannie 's story and Tim 's story , and while that 's appropriate , it also results in wobbly tone shifts -LRB- Gypsy meets Equus , without the horses ? -RRB- .
A thoroughly enjoyable and charming film that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever felt the need to get away from the strangling , constrictive strings of their mother 's apron .
-LSB- An -RSB- awkwardly fused comedy-drama .
This Aussie import has a certain amount of charm , especially from the younger actors , but it is predictable and a little shrill .
With its broad , toothless humor and ham-fisted fits of melodrama , this sitcom-grade embarrassment aims to dethrone Muriel 's Wedding as the quirky Aussie feel-gooder of all time , except it hurts too much to watch .
An Australian family drama that depicts how difficult people can help us refine and polish our finer qualities .
A funny-sad , icky-sweet comedy of family dysfunction .
It 's sweet , quirky , sincere , and provides a perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of those big-budgeted extravaganzas currently invading your local theater .
Introducing the Dwights has its moments -- just not enough of them .
You 'd have to see the ending here to believe it , and that 's something I ca n't recommend you do .
Keith Thompson 's screenplay is a tad over-populated , but Cherie Nowlan 's film settles in and gathers force as it goes along .
Shrieking like a banshee has unfortunately become Brenda Blethyn 's stock in trade ever since her remarkable breakout performance in Mike Leigh 's Secrets & Lies .
Director Cherie Nowlan knows how to blend comedy and drama seamlessly in a delightfully offbeat Australian tale of a domineering mother and her 20-year-old , tethered son .
Upbeat fun with plenty of sex thrown in for good measure .
New title -LRB- at Sundance it was called Clubland -RRB- better suggests the central issue , the difficulties of living in attention-craving showbiz family , but the tone of the familiar coming-of-age saga is not right .
Anchored by a strong performance by Brenda Blethyn as the loud , crass club entertainer angry at the world for having robbed her of her fame and success , Cherie Nowlan 's down-to-earth comedic drama and coming of age story is funny and poignant
A compassionate and brutally raw portrait of a woman torn apart by an exceedingly bad case of midlife crisis , and destroyed expectations beyond parenthood .
Mired by director Cherie Nowlan 's indelicate direction . Nowlan pumps the drama , as well as the comedy , to blaring pitch . Similarly , several attempts at cutesiness slog down into rank contrivance .
Clubland is warm and entertaining enough , with Brenda Blethyn doing a variation on her Little Voice vulgarian amid appealing support perfs .




@highlight

Despite a predictable storyline , Introducing the Dwights succeeds on the strength of its sweet and earnest portrayal of family dysfunction .