Stunning , powerful , infuriating .
A useful picture that should be required viewing at freshman orientation .
U.S. universities have plenty of financial incentives to minimize rape on campus , as this enraging film demonstrates . But there are women fighting back ...
... in the moment -LRB- hey , there 's nothing that says documentarians have to abide by lawful definitions of `` innocent until proven guilty '' , I guess -RRB- there is an undeniable power to The Hunting Ground that is hard to ignore .
The whole thing made me fearful for my daughter and ashamed . The Hunting Ground underscores all that and brings to light the faces wronged and those looking to make it stop .
An unnerving expose about the proliferation of rape on college campuses across America .
It 's an awfully effective formula . If you 're not disgusted by the institutional apathy revealed in The Hunting Ground , you may actually be a sociopath .
It 's not the numbers here you 'll remember , of course , but the stories . A montage of students relating how they called their parents , post-rape , is the saddest thing you 'll see on screen this year .
College campus sexual assault is exposed for the American epidemic it truly represents in Kirby Dicks ' deeply disturbing call-to-action documentary .
Highly upsetting .
An important film to see for parents , students and anyone involved with academia .
Important but devastating viewing .
When and where your frustration and anger boil over while watching `` The Hunting Ground '' is an individual experience , one that will be different for everyone who sees it .
Perhaps `` The Hunting Ground '' is more valued as activism than journalism .
Too few women -LRB- and men -RRB- have too little chance to share their stories . Dick 's film is a valuable spotlight .
The Hunting Ground qualifies as activist filmmaking . More power to it . You can read all the statistics you want , but there 's no substitute for bearing witness - especially in such overwhelming numbers .
Oversimpliies matters somewhat , but ... the subject is an extremely timely one , and it presents an extremely important side of it quite persuasively .
This is a story to make blood boil and change demanded .
Provocative and heartbreaking .
The Hunting Ground is a clear piece of survivors ' advocacy . Dick 's purpose is not to be fair to both sides . But is that such a problem when no one has been fair to his subjects ?
The Hunting Ground is , by its very nature , rough going for the viewer , but how else should it be ?
The Hunting Ground finds a narrative spine in the story of two rape victims : Andrea Pino and Annie E. Clark , students at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who wound up launching their own grassroots investigation into the epidemic .
For many , going to college is a dream come true . Sadly , as this film points out , it will also become a nightmare .
We are way past the time for pandering . Colleges and their administrations must be held accountable . No longer should even one victim of sexual assault be treated in the manner evidenced here .
Its message of hope is heartening . Yet , after watching this expertly constructed film , it 's hard to shake a lingering feeling of despair that any forthcoming change may only be temporary .
The film uses those pesky things known as facts -- statistics and reports and anecdotal evidence -- to argue with thoroughly convincing precision that this is an epidemic .
The documentary makes a persuasive case that certain colleges and universities -- which are called out onscreen -- foster a culture that punishes victims and protects serial predators .
The most disturbing part of Hunting Ground is the circling-wagons mentality of universities and colleges .
From its first moments , the new documentary `` The Hunting Ground '' instills a sense of dread that is very , very tough to shake .
Ensures that no one can foolishly attribute this problem to a particular kind of person or institution .
Grim docu shines much-needed light on campus rape epidemic .
The Hunting Ground directly and , at times , bluntly argues its case , appealing directly to the audiences ' sense of moral outrage .
Though far from a perfect film , The Hunting Ground is a significant piece of advocacy journalism that shows young women refusing to be mute about crimes that have been commited against them .
'' ' 71 '' succeeds as an action thriller , but with enough complexity to keep the brain engaged . The film is also a reminder of the byproducts of hatred .
As a call to action , `` The Hunting Ground '' truly goes to bat for rape survivors . As a documentary , the movie as a whole is much lesser than its individual parts .
The movie needs to be seen and discussed by everyone within shouting distance of the college experience : parents , students -LRB- of both genders -RRB- , administrators , alumni , coaches - the list goes on .
The Hunting Ground explores its disturbing subject so thoroughly that the documentary feels more like a horror film - a slasher movie where the psyches of its young , smart victims are in tatters .
The Hunting Ground 's most unsettling finding is widespread institutional tolerance of campus rapists , because school administrators fear bad publicity and the loss of alumni cash endowments .
It 's uncomfortable viewing . But scrupulously researched and movingly told .
Dick turns his camera closer to home in The Hunting Ground , revealing a culture in U.S. universities that , if it does n't actually foster sex crimes , does little to bring perpetrators to justice .
While the nauseating statistics about rape and sexual abuse are prominent in the film , it is the dedication of the growing numbers of victims coming forth that will cause change .
There 's a dicey feeling of familiarity to Dick 's new film , a sense of footage fitting into pre-existing slots ... Instead of putting a human face on appalling statistics , the faces are starting to look like just more quantifiable evidence
The filmmakers build a strong and comprehensive case in a movie that offers an essential grounding in one of the defining issues of our time .
The film stokes outrage , sometimes shamelessly , but it 's righteous outrage .
Indignant and impassioned , mostly manages to get behind the headlines and ahead of the news on the issue of sexual assaults on campuses , but lacks clear legal context .
Diligently researched , The Hunting Ground is infuriating and dispiriting , but it does offer a muted ray of hope in Andrea Pino and Annie Clark .
By refusing to engage the current conversation about this issue , the film does its subjects-and us all-a disservice .
`` A timely , thorough and truly inspiring documentary about the financial and marketing imperatives that lead academic institutions to deny their students safety and justice . ''
I was rattled watching it , finding it hard to catch my breath and harder still to imagine how many people are in positions of power who have heard these stories so many times and turned their backs on victims .
Fear of retaliation often keeps faculty and administration from speaking up for students or talking at all ... If it does nothing else , `` The Hunting Ground '' should make that kind of evasion more difficult in the future .
Documentary filmmaker Kirby Dick takes on the incendiary topic of rape on campus . As the cases mount and institutional reps succeed best by playing dumb , The Hunting Ground becomes an energizing call to action .
The stories are horrifying , but essential to hear .
` The Hunting Ground ' captures a movement whose time may have come and is long overdue .
A hard-hitting and disturbing documentary about the treatment of women who have been sexually assaulted on U. S. College campuses .
It 's a strong and stirring film .
A must-watch work of cine-activism , one that should be seen by anyone headed to college and by those already on campus .
The Hunting Ground is n't necessarily a great film-but it does n't need to be to work as powerful advocacy .
The result is a shocking but ultimately galvanizing work of reportage that meets the same high standard of their previous collaboration , The Invisible War , about sexual assault in the military .
It will be fascinating to watch the fallout from this scathing indictment of a system that , the movie claims , has all but encouraged sexual predators to do their worst .
Heartbreaking , infuriating , and unmissable .
Did n't have to do much more than wrangle attention towards an important issue , but it does slightly more than that .
The subject matter may not lend itself to an overtly ambitious aesthetic , but a film about individuals who refuse to be silenced could stand to take a few more chances itself .
This documentary about the epidemic of rape on college campuses is a difficult but worthy watch .
Shocks and awakens its audience in all the right ways , bringing the recent headlines of a Columbia University rape survivor carrying her mattress around into sharp focus .
Kirby Dick 's films do n't go far enough in explaining how a culture of rape can pervade in vastly different institutions , but they 're ruthless about holding them accountable .
A startling doc about college rape that is torn from today 's headlines .
This film provides a platform for these survivors to put their name and face out there ; to de-stigmatize what it is to live with sexual trauma , and humanize the difficult , uneven path of survivorship .
... the emotional weight is again there for an effective issue film , but it 's difficult to recommend on that alone when the style and structure of the doc is so standard and sometimes just plain sloppy .
While the film volleys disturbing statistics throughout , The Hunting Ground keeps the focus exactly where it should be : on the survivors .
The filmmaking may not be noteworthy , but it is the stories that are both illuminating and essential and will likely not leave a dry eye in the audience .
The Hunting Ground takes a somber tone , and delivers alarming testimony and statistics .
Kirby Dick 's gripping follow-up to the ` The Invisible War ' investigates sexual assault on college campuses .

@highlight

The Hunting Ground is n't director Kirby Dick 's strongest work as a filmmaker , but the movie 's powerful message more than trumps any technical weaknesses .