But there is something awesome about the idea of a videogame franchise ripoff hero being stalked by a science fiction franchise ripoff of a videogame ripoff villain .
If you did n't see it in the theatre - lucky you ! - the best thing to do is to avoid it as if it were infected with the T-Virus . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Resident Evil : Afterlife recycles nearly every horror convention . The plot is not original and the 3D is quite bad . And since we 've literally seen all this before , it 's only occasionally entertaining , and rarely interesting .
Resident Evil : Afterlife sees Anderson returning to cinematic dreck with a stunningly tedious exercise in 3-D CGI wankery .
Another Resident Evil zombie film with no brains but plenty of over-the-top action should still sate the appetite of certain viewers .
The very definition of ` switch your brain off ' entertainment .
It 's loud , bland , gory , and has very little to offer in the way of story . Do n't tell me you were actually expecting something else .
With a simple plot paired with great action scenes in its brisk run time , that 's all I really need from the series and ` Resident Evil : Afterlife ' puts some new blood and excitement into what was close to becoming a dead franchise .
The action , however spirited in its manic creativity , is so relentlessly repetitive that it ceases to be as cool as the director plainly imagines it to be a very long time before the end of the movie .
The occasional flashes of imagination aside , `` Afterlife '' epitomizes what movies written largely by software and marketing committees look like
There 's not one good reason for this franchise to exist . Give your ticket money to charity instead .
The law of diminishing returns rears its ugly , ugly head with Resident Evil : Afterlife , the fourth movie in a series that is going absolutely nowhere .
`` Resident Evil : Afterlife '' is watchable at times . Then , the story breaks down and you lose patience . There are plenty of action scenes , so if that 's what you seek . Go for it . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Tons of action and butt-kicking , but the story is on autopilot , performances are stilted , and the film 's budget ca n't keep up with director Anderson 's daunting scope and scale .
True to series form , plot is nearly indiscernible , but this fourth installment in the sci-fi/horror/action franchise created by writer-director Paul W.S. Anderson is the sleekest so far , thanks to 3D and star Milla Jovovich 's body-hugging catsuit .
Was n't all this going someplace at one time ? The mind boggles at all of the incredible things these two women could be doing in wet , dirty clothes .
The DVD needs to come with a drinking game feature , do you hear me Sony ?
A movie that makes the `` Dawn '' remake look brilliant ...
full review at Movies for the Masses
Cheap hits of bang-bang adrenaline occasionally rise up but any rush is quickly tempered by the processed banality lulling you into a coma of fast-food filmmaking .
Resident Evil : Afterlife ... is boring , but you probably already knew that . The primary source of inspiration for the screenplay seems to be Alien 3 -- the very worst of the Alien films -- in both its content and incomprehensibility .
I thought it was great fun . Paul W.S. Anderson -- it 's his greatest hit adapting video games to movies .
Bound to please the legions of Milla fans who have doubtless poured over the extras-rich DVDs of the first three Resident Evils , as well as her please-sequel-this gem Ultra Violet .
I seriously doubt there is anyone out there in modern motion pictures who looks to be having less fun at work than Milla Jovovich . Behind that supermodel sneer is one totally bored woman .
At least you know what to expect with this sort of film , and you do n't get anything more .
Whether or not you are a series regular , you are unlikely to encounter anything here that you have n't met before in the sci-fi/horror movie universe .
Paul W.S. Anderson has discovered his favourite new gimmick - slow motion . Had Afterlife played at full speed , it probably would have lasted all of 15 minutes . Would n't that have been nice .
How many more Resident Evil films are they going to make ? Hopefully the answer is zero .
Inventive ideas , dazzling 3D and spectacular production design elevate this fourth in the franchise to a juicy bite above the average zombie movie .
Upping the action at every turn , this contains fantastic battle sequences and a kickass heroine wisely made relatable to audiences .
Your level of enjoyment of this depends on how much you like Anderson?s slo-mo decapitations and other forms of gory special effects .
By this time , only aficionados will be keeping up with the series mythology ; the rest of us will have to accept or reject this sequel as an exercise in unbridled , surreal , nonsensical action-cool -- as much a head trip , in its way , as ` Koyaanisqatsi . '
It 's the least like a video game , so `` Afterlife '' is the best of the lot .
The new Paul W. S. Anderson movie , `` Resident Evil : Afterlife , '' features one scene that 's memorable , if only because it 's so comical . You were looking for more than one memorable scene ? Wrong movie .
-LSB- The -RSB- Resident Evil saga continues to be one of the millennium 's only adequate B-movie franchises .
O surpreendente 3D acaba tornando o filme mais relevante que seus antecessores - mesmo que Paul W.S. tenha alcançado este pequeno sucesso por acidente .
... 3-D , where bad sequels go to die ...
Same as the others ; watchable if you like mindless , gory , zombie exploits . Others need not apply .
The good news : If you 're a fan of the unkillable video game adaptation , then do n't worry ; it looks like there 's going to be yet another installment in the Resident Evil series .
Resident Evil : Afterlife lacks the humanity -- interesting characters , funny one-liners -- that made its predecessors enjoyable B-movies .
There is not a single shot or moment that is anything other than derivative , and the fact that the momentum is constantly interrupted with egregious slow motion makes it feel that much longer and therefore more insufferable .
Brash and bombastic this new entry might be , but it 's also criminally boring .
The plot ? Does it matter ?
I was sorry to see the zombie crows from the last film make only a token appearance here , but this was balanced by a return of the zombie Dobermans from the first movie .
Just hearing the audience gasp from vertigo during the opening zoom-out shot is almost worth the price of admission .
Resident Evil : Afterlife is loud , boring , derivative , has zero tension and is the kind of movie that could only possibly be liked if the viewer has never seen any other post-apocalyptic zombie flick .
This franchise has sailed far past rhyme and reason , and planted a flag in a whole new continent of crapness .
More of the same , but if you enjoy this kind of thing , that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
Anderson makes often-inspiring use of the 3-D effects , though he never quite tops the opening Shibuya Crossing bloodbath .
The action is easier to read than in most films of the genre , and therefore more enjoyable . Anderson makes particular use of sets and locations to wring out more bang for the stereoscopic buck .
Perhaps these conundrums will be answered in future installments -LRB- Resident Evil : Coherence ? -RRB- but I would n't hold my breath . Best to just send in the clones .
Afterlife is very likely to please at least most of the fans of the series , but do n't expect too much aside from Milla looking great and a groovy visual style .
Yes , the 3D is immersive ... but there 's nothing to be immersed in here but the blood , bullets , and globs of brainmatter flying around .
Afterlife lacks tension , dread , angst , humor-you name an emotion , it 's not there .
If critics and fanboys were n't suckers for simplistic nihilism and high-pressure marketing , Afterlife would be universally acclaimed as a visionary feat , superior to Inception and Avatar on every level .
There are worse ways to pass an hour and a half than watching Milla Jovovich and Ali Larter shooting the hell out of zombies and mutants .
Good action but nothing else - and the open ended ending is getting old .
The reason to see it : the awesome 3D . The reason not to see it : everything else .
Everything after its striking opening battle sequence is downhill in this predictably sad addition to a flawed movie franchise based on a video game .
The improved sheen of ` Afterlife ' does n't compensate for the feeling that the franchise has really run out of the little steam it ever had .
All in all , it 's not particularly smart or original , but it 's also not all that bad .
More insulting than the stereotyping and the horrifying horror clichés is the fact that the formulaic tale even has the nerve to end on a cliffhanger , setting us up for yet another sequel . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me five times ? I do n't think so .
Gory , pointless , pretentious and tedious , ending in a splattering cliffhanger , so you can expect this survival horror series to continue if it resonates at the box-office .
While the movie itself is no great shakes , the 3D is awesomely fun .
Would this movie have been made if not for the 3D Gimmick ? Milla Jovovich commands the screen and makes all the RE films a fun ride . If you hate the series , this wo n't change your mind .
Jovovich remains the lone light in the increasingly lackluster videogame-based zombie franchise , which barrels through its fourth installment with a threatened fifth on the way .
Milla Jovovich sashays through the ludicrous mayhem once more , this time in 3D .
It 's seldom scary , and it 's never very exciting , but it does achieves its goal of delivering a little mindless entertainment .
Like pretty much all of Anderson 's films , this one is half-baked . The half that 's baked is n't too bad , though .
like a poorly made cream puff -- fancy and somewhat rarified on the outside , as empty as an airhead 's thought process on the inside
` Resident Evil : Afterlife 3D ' is more disappointing than the previous films only because they added nothing new than having derivative slow motion sequences , bad acting and an incoherent storyline .
It 's a lot of whiz with very little bang , and by the time the forgone cliffhanger conclusion rolled around I was teetering on the edge of boredom so fully that the incredulity of the last scene did n't bother me near as much as it should have .
If there is an afterlife , I hope to God this movie is n't playing there .
To call it bad goes without saying , but it takes a cold heart indeed not to smile at least a few times during its length .
This witless installment features the usual ultra-slow-motion mayhem and helpful freeze-frames to allow us to admire the extra dimension . Fans will not be happy , however , to learn that Ms. Jovovich is more decently clothed this time around .
Resident Evil 's appeal as a series is almost exclusively rooted in Jovovich 's charisma . She combines the enigmatic magnetism of a silent-movie siren with the bravado of an action hero .
Afterlife is slow-moving but relentless , and judging from a post-credits teaser that promises at yet another sequel , it has an unquenchable appetite for your brain cells .
On the plus side , here is an action franchise that features two strong women as its main protagonists . On the minus side - well , there 's pretty much the rest of the movie . -LRB- Parental Review also Available
Zombies and Jovovich in goryous 3D , unencumbered by plot and character development .
It 's a humorless movie of morphing zombies -LRB- they take on beastly attributes -RRB- , phoned-in performances and trite dialogue .
State-of-the-art 3D effects add a welcome dose of visual freshness to the fourth installment of this video game-based franchise .
A post-apocalyptic zombie flick featuring zombies that are n't very terrifying and doom-and-gloom vibes that lack any real edge .
Like a grease-laden fast-food meal , the fourth and highest-budgeted installment in the videogame-based tale of bio warfare gone amuck is slick , tasty , gimmick-laden and literally in-your-face
Like one of its lumbering undead , this video game franchise is hard to kill . The fourth entry is less about zombie mayhem than about progressing a larger story arc - if anyone still cares .
What fun there is to be had is undermined by drab 3D , hacked-out dialogue and rehashed plots .
Been there , done that , pass the console .
Falls down due to a badly written script , boring zombie-blasting sequences , tedious characters , a complete absence of humour and the lack of anything even remotely resembling a plot .
Stupid , over the top but a lot of fun and , once again , ending with the promise of yet another sequel .
Strictly for the fans : Mila Jovovich is confident and suitably aggressive , but the fourth chapter -LRB- and first in 3D -RRB- of the popular franchise is structurally messy and thematically a rehash -LRB- with few variations -RRB- of the previous segments .
Instead of engaging us with a good plot , Anderson turns Afterlife into a visual and audio showcase . The film is literally an hour and a half music video jam-packed with uninspired Nine Inch Nails riffs and drumbeats .
It 's boring . It 's derivative . It 's chaotic . It 's a franchise that 's been running on fumes for eight years . With this entry , the fuel gauge has finally hit empty .
An adaptation which will soon feel decades behind its time .
A dreadful bore that only occasionally comes to life . Even then , it 's still a tedious mess of half-realized ideas , guided by a filmmaker who really should n't be allowed to make movies in the first place .
Looking at the plot alone , it 's a massive failure , but between the booming score and effect-heavy action scenes , it passes as an entertaining Jovovich show and gory bloodbath .
The films always look good and have well-staged action , but they do n't have one iota of originality or imagination -- to the extent of virtually recreating key scenes from The Matrix , Die Hard and The Descent .
Dead on arrival .
Anderson heaves axes , artillery , shattered glass and The Thing-style dogs at the camera to wincing effect , but it still only adds up to a lame , by-the-numbers horror .
At this point , I feel pretty darn guilty for ever thinking the original 2002 Resident Evil installment was any type of mindless fun .


@highlight

As dim-witted and lifeless as its undead antagonists , Resident Evil : Afterlife is a wholly unnecessary addition to the franchise .