-LSB- Laika Studios -RSB- keeps upping their animation game . This movie is absolutely gorgeous .
Laika 's strikingly imaginative fourth project has undoubtedly produced another major player in the increasingly competitive animation industry .
It 's very well written and well told , but what I love most about this movie is the animation .
Like all good kids ' movies , it 's more complex than it seems .
... the studio created by one of the founders of Nike seems ready to face the hegemony of Pixar . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The animation is near-flawless , and the end result -- at least for anyone who liked last year 's Song Of The Sea -- unmissable .
Kubo and the Two Strings is a stellar work , both as a fantasy film and as a piece of animation .
Go watch Kubo and the Two Strings now , for its expensive and gorgeous production value , and allow yourself to be pleasantly surprised by its complex emotionality .
Kubo displays an immense strength , and the film is an inspiring journey that shows his wisdom beyond years .
`` Kubo and the Two Strings '' is a profound piece of poetry and empathy . Not all foes need to be vanquished ; some need to be embraced .
An engaging , ` blinking ' quest
Always showcases just the right amount of creases and folds in its plot , visuals and emotions .
The story , too convoluted for its own good perhaps , rescues itself from its arguably clumsy plot and off-voices with intermittent movie magic and interesting characters .
Laika Studios ' independence is rare in feature-length animation today -- rather than topping a franchise , they seek emphasis on character , background , and the sharp wounding edge of a story .
Visually astonishing and touchingly told , Kubo is utterly wonderful . If there 's any justice , it 'll be a monster hit .
Sweeping tableaux , a wonderful voice cast and adventure that feels genuinely folkloric make this a film that definitely deserves to be taken out of cellophane .
Man , is it gloomy .
The film finds a delicate balance between the somber and the fun . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
A magnificent piece of filmmaking and family entertainment I 'd gladly re-watch a million times before touching `` Trolls '' or `` The Angry Birds Movie '' ever again .
Like the Pixar films it is a storybook odyssey that tells a story of family and courage , but this one is also about loss and sacrifice , and about the power of stories and storytelling .
As bold as it is in its artistic and embellished techniques , Kubo & The Two Strings manages to be equally thought-provoking and surreal in the most visual of ways .
... a fluid tale full of magic , discovery , and secrets . -LRB- Studio -RRB- Laika has never failed to deliver the goods and their latest is no exception .
The best animated film of 2016 by a resounding margin .
With a stunningly lavish world and a fascinating premise , Kubo and the Two Strings is a highly satisfying and entertaining adventure .
Emotional depth aside , the film is also gorgeous , with glowing evening light filtering off of the characters ' faces , and beautiful renderings of post-feudal Japan in its natural glory .
... a quasi-animist saga where spirits infuse almost every object and being , while the characters remain deeply and at times overpoweringly human .
A film with amazing visuals and kind characters . A fantastic adventure full of action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A beautiful animation about the value of memories and the importance of death for man . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new production of Laika Studios is visually amazing and dares to go further with a complex work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A glorious flight of the imagination .
A film that transmits messages through emotions , action sequences and images rather than doing it with dialogues . In few words , is a magical journey for all ages . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A captivating film that sends a intergenerational healing message acknowledging the past as a source of inspiration instead of something that is old fashioned . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An original and melancholic film that is also inspiring , beautiful and seductive . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wrapping stories within stories , characters within characters , and personal memories within cross-cultural myths , Kubo and the Two Strings is a deft delight , strumming and thrumming out a bittersweet adventure-quest .
Visually striking at every turn and occasionally even eerie -LRB- the floating witch sisters deserve their own stop-motion horror movie -RRB- , the film conjures a fantasy logic that is more beholden to myth and folklore than to comic books and Hollywood .
A film of nourishing visual insights and visionary storytelling that inspires as thoroughly as it dazzles .
A cinematic masterpiece that stands among the greatest of the medium .
The best animated movie this year so far . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not only does every moment of the movie look exquisite , but the story is smart , original and hugely entertaining .
Practically faultless and utterly magical , you owe it to your heart and soul to witness what just might be the greatest film released this year . You 'll laugh , you 'll cry , you 'll be amazed , a masterpiece .
Magic , music , and monsters come together to create a marvelous fairy tale that 's scary , sweet , and full of tough emotions that kids ' movies often avoid .
Beautifully told , and infused with dread , death and demons - everything , in short , that makes a good kids ' film .
It explores unexpectedly profound ideas of rebirth and destiny rewritten , like origami paper sheets refolded into another form .
With utmost care applied to its every shot , the adults will be marvelling as much as the youngsters .
There 's nothing banal about this affirmation of the human imagination .
The animation ? Well , it robs you of breath , over and over again .
Offering a uniquely textured style of animated excellence , it 's proof once again that Laika 's hands-on methods are more than a match for the machine-tooled perfections of Pixar .
An entrancing marvel of peerless stop-motion puppetry and creative CGI , this visually dazzling fable woven around richly imagined metaphors for love , loneliness and loss elevates Laika Entertainment to Pixar level .
What really makes it worth your attention is a grand adventure story full of heart .
Arrives as cherishable proof that it is still possible , amid heightened commercial imperatives , for digimators to push for reflective , affecting art .
`` Kubo and the Two Strings '' is a visually stunning film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bless Laika , really , for continuing to make films this singular , which reject any known formulae of children 's animation and dive creatively each time into an uncharted cosmos .
Gorgeously illustrated and touchingly told .
Kubo and the Two Strings is a close-to-flawless movie experience that could well be heading for some unlikely Oscar glory .
An enchanting , magical tale steeped in folklore . Kubo might only have two strings , but he 's got 4 stars from us .
Kubo generates serious kudos for LAIKA , combining humour and emotional story-telling with breath-taking animation .
An animated jewel for all ages ... especially adults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The stop motion animation and the 3D effects are very good . The look of the film is also very artistic and imaginative . It is doing all right in America , but I think overseas is where it will really shine .
A thrilling and obscure instant classic of an heroic adventure . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new film from Laika studios it 's one of the best of 2016 . Long live Laika . Long live Kubo . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kubo and the Two Strings champions the pure pleasure and power of storytelling ; it 's simple , but spectacular .
Dazzling , complex , and unforgettable , Kubo and the Two Strings combines layered themes with a stop-motion visual style that is gorgeous and immersive .
Kubo and the two magic strings it 's pretty close from being a masterpiece . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
hile there 's plenty of fun to be had from all this , there 's not a hint of cuteness anywhere . The puppets have enormous vitality and there 's a wonderful strangeness in the world they inhabit .
It 's triumphant as well as terribly sad .
People talk about Pixar 's impressive strike rate and how the Pixar name is a signifier of quality but we need to be talking about Laika in the same way .
More often than not it 's a charming , Eastern-influenced myth that 's beautiful to watch and enjoyable to follow .
Fear of abandonment , a yearning for praise , a budding sense of self and a burning desire for love are all neatly folded into this stylish piece of cinematic origami .
A very beautiful and profound film by Laika studios . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kubo offers visceral thrills and visual splendor , but it also champions the importance of kindness , forgiveness , and embracing humanity 's many imperfections .
Visually stunning - delivering delightful family-friendly entertainment ...
A treat for viewers of all ages , Kubo and the Two Strings is nothing less than an animated masterpiece .
... the type of film that makes you wish time travel was real just so you could go back and experience it for the first time again
Even in a year that has seen some creative and entertaining animated films , Kubo and the Two Strings would be a standout .
Laika brings another visually dazzling epic to the screen with Kubo and the Two Strings , and while the narrative is n't the studio 's finest , its stylish execution and thematic heft neatly pick up the slack .
` Kubo ' thrilled , dazzled and delighted me , brought tears to my eyes and broke my heart - in the end , not entirely in a good way .
This is a transcendent film of astute insights that deeply resonate with the heart .
Whimsical yet mature , fantastically magical yet full of realistic emotions and a simple , earthly plea for redemption , it goes beyond childish notions of resolution and `` victory '' toward a far more moving and poetic destination .
... filled with intoxicating dreamlike imagery , from its rich background texture to unique character details .
The process threatens to overwhelm the result , which is exquisitely artful and a little dark for family audiences .
There are so many layers , Knight finding a way to navigate through them with dexterous ease , doing so without ever losing focus .
Kubo and the Two Strings is Laika 's most poignant , entertaining , and beautiful film yet - and one of the best movies , animated or not , of 2016
Like the studio 's previous films , Kubo dares to dream that entertainment aimed at a younger audience can hold the depth and intelligence of any other substantial piece of filmmaking .
Much like the great Grave of the Fireflies and Pixar 's Up before it , Kubo and the Two Strings treats its audience with utmost respect , taking them on an exhilarating adventure while shining a light into the darkest corners of the human experience .
Haunting , scary and enchanting , Laika 's latest production is an original story that features an appealing main character and richly detailed backgrounds you can almost touch .
The stellar achievement of Kubo is the animation itself .
Half dream , half nightmare and completely original , Kubo and the Two Strings is a story that will amaze and delight .
This breathlessly beautiful epic , from Portland , Ore.-based boutique animation house Laika , shows what toons can really do when freed of conventional commercial ideas .
Stop-motion animation touches the next stage of excellence in Kubo . It all works : storytelling , direction , voice talent ... the totality of artistry ...
It may be a little melancholy for younger viewers , but that could simply be an opportunity to talk to kids about how life does not always give us what we expect , especially when it comes to the people in our lives .
A vivid and wholly unique combination of Japanese samurai legends and mythology with American storytelling .
Kubo is a delicate tale addressing today 's sense of moral bereavement . This is conveyed through the boy 's search for the father he never knew . Little Kubo 's gallantry parallels the desperation of youth from broken families .
Beautiful epic about storytelling hero can be dark , scary .
This is what makes Laika special ; debut feature director Travis Knight and his experienced team have taken a heartbreaking story and turned it into heartfelt and magical entertainment .
Kubo and the Two Strings is a very cool piece of animation . If you are a fan of animation , particularly the stop-motion variety , put this one at the top of your list .
The early scenes are a wonder ...
`` Kubo and the Two Strings '' may be the most beautiful movie the folks at Laika have done yet , and the one that 's closest to their hearts .
Everything about this spectacular film is dedicated to creating an epic fantasy that will be viewed many times over and appreciated for its astounding beauty .
It is possibly the most ambitious animated film ever conceived .
A gorgeous , memorable piece of work , taking risks and flights of fancy that most modern movies , family-targeted or otherwise , barely contemplate .
The movie magic engulfing Kubo starts with the rich stop-motion animation . That 's just the beginning .
` Kubo and the Two Strings ' is an impeccably crafted movie that pushes all the right buttons and perfectly blends emotion with action and comedy .
Do n't be surprise if Spektor 's guitar is n't the only thing tearing up .
Wonderful fantasy packed with stunning stop-motion visuals . Fun and funny for adults but a bit mature for some younger children .
Filmgoers who 've suffered through a summer of superheroes , supervillains and sequels/snarky reboots , we now have something that genuinely casts a spell on viewers .
An impressive technical achievement that also just so happens to work masterfully from a storytelling aspect . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Stuff for young kids , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The overall stunning nature of the work can not be ignored .
`` Kubo '' is bold and daring , telling a truly unique tale set in ancient Japan that is rich with the depth of a story passed down for generations .
Kubo is a lovely , unforgettable film about creativity and storytelling - about creating one 's own fate by taking charge of one 's story . And about learning to love others by sharing in their stories .
I was amazed at the artistry involved , entertained by the story , but emotionally unmoved . I respect the heck out of it , though .
Feels like a miracle , evoking joy , surprise and wonder in its audience .
This film throws every synonym for ` beautiful ' in a blender and makes a new dictionary .
Kubo and the Two Strings is a magical motion picture in every sense of the word .
Despite the occasionally labored writing -LRB- with attempts at humor that are dry and distancing -RRB- , Kubo and the Two Strings is swoonworthy in its vibrant visuals that span across unruly seas , lush landscapes and vivid seasonal colors .
A multi-layered , lovingly crafted work of art that is the work of a studio that continues to push the envelope of not just stop-motion animation , but innovative storytelling and world-building .
When the elements come together , the result is gorgeous and touching .
With Kubo , Laika adds more texture to the dark beauty that 's been the house style since Coraline , but it 's more emotionally expansive , too .
Despite a traditional-seeming quest for a suit of armor and a sword , the film 's intrinsic message is all about the transformative powers of music and love . It 's a movie the whole family can rock out to .
LAIKA Studios continues its streak of smart , idiosyncratic , and quirky animated features with the stunning Kubo and the Two Strings .
Knight has put together a picture that hits a lot of all-ages-entertainment sweet spots while avoiding hackneyed conventions , and ends up delivering what feels like a sincere family-friendly message .
Animation can be a safe place to explore some trickier topics , and Kubo and the Two Strings has a dash of bitter mixed with the sweet .
Kubo transcends its kiddie-flick leanings to become a modern fable , emerging not just as the year 's best animated film , but as an instant classic .
There 's a little too much clutter in the story and not enough urgency , and the whole of Kubo ends up as less satisfying than the sum of its set pieces . But what jaw-dropping setpieces !
The first and last things to be said in this limited space about Kubo and the Two Strings are that it 's a showcase for some of the most startlingly beautiful animation in recent -- and not so recent -- memory .
It pulls you so effortlessly into its shifting , dreamlike world that you can be forgiven for forgetting that Kubo and the many strange characters he meets are themselves puppets , meticulously designed and manipulated one costly frame at a time .
... Laika 's most impressive , miraculous work yet .
Kubo and the Two Strings is a visual feast . If only its storytelling had kept up , it would be another masterpiece from this animation studio .
Arguably one of the most creative and visionary films of its kind , dating back perhaps to Disney in the late 30s and Pixar in the mid-90s .
Yet wizardly art direction is n't the film 's most striking quality . It 's the endearing , playful , touching , cantankerous and sometimes frightening individuals who supply this spectacular story about friendship , courage and sacrifice with its life force .
KUBO is not only possibly the best animated film of the year , it will likely be one of the best films of 2016 .
Sweet , engaging , accessible family entertainment .
I can not stress enough how truly stunning the brilliant visuals are in this movie .
Kubo tells us that if have to blink , to do so at the beginning of his tale . I would suggest not blinking at all . You do n't want to miss a moment of ` Kubo and the Two Strings ' .
The artwork and music combined create a viewing experience so immersive that you 'll be sad to leave the cinema after the credits -LRB- and you wo n't leave until the credits are over -RRB- .
A richly styled , emotive adventure that tempers thrilling fantasy scenes and mythic monsters with moments of quiet reflection and gentle humour .
It 's a classic hero 's journey full of action and adventure , but it 's also an intimate fable about love and loss , magic and memory .
`` Kubo and the Two Strings '' carries echoes of L. Frank Baum as well -- and Roald Dahl , and `` The Phantom Tollbooth , '' and even some of bluegrass legends Flatt and Scruggs in the hero 's Foggy Mountain samisen breakdowns .
A saga that feels somehow both ancient and entirely fresh , at once steeped in the tradition of evocative Japanese poetry yet deeply , universally relatable .
Mark it down : This stop-motion stunner from the Laika studio will be next year 's Oscar winner for best animated feature .
It is definitely the summer for talking animals taking over the cinema , but Kubo manages to rise above the rest of its peers with a wondrous coming-of-age tale full of ancient soul .
It is gorgeous animation of the highest order , a small studio firing on all cylinders , and thanks to a nuanced story , it is one of the more rewarding films of the summer , nay the year .
I 've seen a whole string of lovely family-oriented films this summer , but Kubo and the Two Strings might be the most stunning .
A picture that will be prized by connoisseurs of animation but other viewers might find too esoteric and faintly lethargic-a film that , oddly for one aimed at a family audience , adults might appreciate more than their children .
Kubo and the Two Strings is more than just a return to form for the studio ; it 's their funniest and finest movie to date - an absolutely delightful fairy tale that will likely go down as one of the year 's best .
An astounding technical achievement and a mesmerizing tale . If you must blink , do it now , because you wo n't want to miss a second of what you see on screen .
A gorgeous , epic adventure with grandeur , scope , and spectacular settings , wonderfully imaginative .
If the film 's plotting and dialogue had measured up , `` Kubo '' might have been a masterpiece .
No American animation studio is better-suited to dreamlike plotting than Laika , and the animation of Kubo is truly dazzling , mixing sophistication and handmade charm with inspired flow .
`` Kubo '' takes LAIKA 's trademark stop-motion animation to a new level , using Japanese origami techniques to create a breathtaking fantasy world .
Story-wise , it has moments of surprise . As an animated effort , it 's absolutely spectacular .
A gorgeous and moving story about family , grief and the power of storytelling .
... causes us to focus our attention on the details within the detail .
Kubo and the Two Strings is a visually dazzling film set in an ancient , magical Japan . And now , the bad news . As a narrative , Kubo and the Two Strings is nearly incomprehensible .
It flows like a dream , and if it slightly overreaches in its last movement , well , I 'd rather see a film stumble because it tried to juggle too many ideas rather than get by with too few .
Every frame of Kubo and the Two Strings is majestic . Every emotional beat resounds . Every heart string is played with tenderness and jubilation , by masters of an old art made new again .
Travis Knight 's Japanese-influenced Kubo and the Two Strings ranks as the best film the artists at the Portland-based Laika Studio have made , with a strong story , assured direction and strikingly original designs .
From its captivating narration and first stormy scene , Kubo and the Two Strings lures the audience into its vivid storytelling and exquisite execution of stop-motion animation .
The film moves beautifully , but it 's also beautifully moving .
The dark-tinged , dreamlike Kubo is a welcome antidote to the usual brash and sometimes brusque traditional Hollywood animated fare .
Kubo and the Two Strings is better than immersive -- it 's absorptive . We 're pulled in Knight 's direction ; we become part of his studio 's technical wizardry .
First-time director Travis Knight , who was the lead animator on Laika 's previous three films , presents the story with a beautifully fluid style .
It is an epic inspired by the tradition of Kurosawa and Lean , mixed with more than a bit of the fantasy of The Wizard of Oz .
Impressive stop-motion animation , a fun voice cast , and a story that will draw in people , but a slow pace and dreamy tone may lull audiences to sleep .
Much as the small fry will enjoy this , there 's even more that you 'll love .
... the most original creation from an American studio that you will have seen in the past five years .
Laika President , CEO and lead animator Travis Knight makes his directorial debut leaning on his visual talent with a lumpy original Japanese folk lore-inspired story from Shannon Tindle and Marc Haimes that lacks emotional resonance .
So while the movie is a visual feast , just as you 'd expect , its story is nonetheless fairly predictable fantasy-quest fare
The handcrafted textures and wry self-awareness of Kubo and the Two Strings make Knight 's film resolutely its own tale , one that folds into its own exotic shape .
Kubo is ultimately a joyful film -- a treat for the eyes and heart .
Fantastical and innovative , distinctively vivid and reflective , `` Kubo and the Two Strings '' is destined to deepen and beautify all the more with subsequent viewings . It is an exciting prospect to see what Laika will dream up next .
Kubo is one of the best animated films I 've ever seen . If Laika continues to produce films of this quality , we 'll have a worthy successor to the great Studio Ghibli .
... lovely to behold , if viewers manage to keep their eyes open . It 's an animated doozy and drowser at once , an uncomfortable mix of Miyazaki-style imagination and generic dullness . Snooze , and you do n't necessarily lose .
One of the best movies of the year ...
Laika has made its second masterpiece , a film as artistic , challenging and scary as `` Coraline ''
First-time director Travis Knight -- he served as lead animator on Laika 's previous three films -- has given Kubo a gorgeously tactile look full of lavish depth and detail , and an engaging cast of characters .
The technicalities , animation , and effort behind the film prove that this past summer movie season was n't a total flop .
-LSB- Kubo and the Two Strings -RSB- is an eye-popping delight that deftly blends colorful folklore with gorgeous , origami-informed visuals to immersive effect .
Be prepared to cry : it 's rare that animation can stir up such deep emotion , but it 'll happen , sometimes more than once .
Kubo is a decidedly well-made film and one that pulled on ... my heartstrings ... a shame the voice talent could n't have echoed the awe-inspiring diversity onscreen .
A touching expression of loss , worth repeat viewings for its poetic visuals alone .
Even if it has no interest in birthing a franchise , it deserves to live on as an instant classic .
Laika Entertainment tackles fantasy in this stunning Japan-set fable .
Kubo tells a rich , original , and compelling story which young people will eagerly follow and adults should equally enjoy .
Laika has created here a genuinely enchanting fable of extraordinary artistic merit , and clearly respectfully enamoured of its subject matter .
Yet another success for stop-motion giants Laika , Kubo boasts big laughs and effective scares in a typically gorgeous animated tale .
Older viewers will tune in to its melancholy - its battles between memory and loss , its themes of filial piety and betrayal - while younger ones will dig the more basic emotions of Kubo 's epic journey .
The impetus to tune out the movie 's words only makes it easier to feast your eyes on its breathtaking images , which after a summer of underlit glop feel like a tall glass of cool water .
I 'm not inclined to give a pass to a family film that indoctrinates an irrational belief system just because it 's novel .
Kubo and the Two Strings may not pull off everything it wants to , but it is a proof of concept that somebody can -- and it provides some tremendous views along the way .
Laika Studios are back in superb form with Kubo and the Two Strings , an eye-popping visual delight .
Staggeringly beautiful and immensely true , this is the best animated film of 2016 .
With its staggering visuals and genuine heart , Laika chief Travis Knight 's fantastical samurai adventure puts the emotion in stop-motion .
A fantastical adventure with innovation and awe at every turn , despite a story that could benefit from having more specificity and focus .
It offers a powerful metaphor for the manner in which we carry the memories of our departed inside ourselves .
This is Laika 's brightest film to date , in both its dazzling colors and its core of irrepressible joy .

@highlight

Kubo and the Two Strings matches its incredible animation with an absorbing -- and bravely melancholy -- story that has something to offer audiences of all ages .