The film as a whole means no more than Charlie Chaplin means . Nobody has ever been able to say what that is , but by the present showing it is something quite timeless and priceless , and more human than the best of alien words lugged in for definition .
Chaplin 's hilarious comedy still is one of the most poignant critiques of modernization and mechanization of mass production .
Families will cherish Chaplin 's silent slapstick .
Perhaps the highlight of Chaplin 's late career
the fact that it is one of Chaplin 's great masterpieces is testament to both his artistic resilience in the face of industry change and the enduring power of great silent comedy .
Modern Times magically reaches forward through the decades , resonating loudly for these difficult modern times .
There can be no better description for Modern Times-or indeed , Chaplin 's career-than the film 's initial title card : `` A story of industry , of individual enterprise-humanity crusading in the pursuit of happiness . '' -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
... an enduring masterpiece that grows more relevant with each passing day .
It is a gay , impudent and sentimental pantomimic comedy in which even the anachronisms are often as becoming as Charlie Chaplin 's cane .
Sometimes sentimental yet highly comical , Chaplin 's anti-industrialisation statement is wholly idealistic but its topical reflection on industrial paranoia still resonates today .
One of the many remarkable things about Charlie Chaplin is that his films continue to hold up , to attract and delight audiences .
The picture is grand fun and sound entertainment , though silent . It 's the old Chaplin at his best , looking at his best -- young , pathetic and a very funny guy .
It 's the coldest of -LSB- Chaplin 's -RSB- major features , though no less brilliant for it .
The opening sequence in Chaplin 's second Depression masterpiece , of the Tramp on the assembly line , is possibly his greatest slapstick encounter with the 20th century .
Certainly one of Chaplin 's greatest ... a true comedy classic .
Chaplin 's political and philosophical naivety now seems as remarkable as his gift for pantomime .
What we have is not just a story about a funny little man , but a morality fable , or cautionary tale , about people on the chuckholed road to the American Dream .
Do you have to be reminded that Chaplin is a master of pantomime ? Time has not changed his genius .
A great movie , a funny movie , an important movie .
An artist with vision swimming against a tide we know will eventually win .
Chaplin 's last silent and the last time he uses his signature character of the Little Tramp .
A masterpiece .
Good physical comedy will always be funny , and Chaplin was a master .
genius
Finds the comedy in the dashing of hopes , though it has both the verve to be funny for funny 's sake when it feels the urge and the fortitude not to tidy up every dark stroke .
A terrific satire of the industrial age .
The film skewers the mechanization of America .
The mechanical feeding sequence in Modern Times is probably the funniest routine in cinema history .
Chaplin 's satiric dissection of the economy circa 1936 looks downright prescient .
The film 's structure flew in the face of accepted wisdom .
The fact that the film is still playing in theaters today is a testament to its effectiveness .
The great comedian 's finest comedies on the big screen .
Modern Times is an ungainly masterpiece , but Chaplin 's ungainliness is something one can grow fond of .
Chaplin 's sentimental politics and peerless comic invention dovetailed more perfectly in this film than in any other he made .
Remains Chaplin 's most sustained burlesque of authority .
Brilliant Chapling satire with a bit of romance . His last non-talkie .
Apesar do roteiro não ter muito foco , o filme é maravilhoso , traz alguns dos melhores momentos de Chaplin e uma trilha sonora inesquecível -LRB- a melhor que compôs em sua carreira -RRB- .
Charlie Chaplin is the Orson Welles of comedy . One of his funniest silent films is Modern Times , a brilliant spoof on technology that 's more stinging today than back in its 1936 release year .
If the world is trying to suppress the little man , what better figure to rally against it than the ultimate little man , Chaplin 's Little Tramp .
The picture is a two-hour almost continuous gale of laughter with sidesplitting gags generously distributed throughout the five major sequences and the several minor ones .
A worthy last hurrah for an immortal character , for a great body of work , and for a whole era of cinema .
Children will adore the slapstick in this movie .
It will give you some hilarious examples of Chaplin 's physical comedy and superb grace .
Chaplin 's sentimental but keenly satirical swipe at the mechanization of everyday life is by consensus the last of the great silent features .
In Modern Times -LRB- 1936 -RRB- , the still-silent Tramp , with his familiar small Derby hat , large boots , baggy pants , tight jacket and cane makes his last appearance .
nearly perfect comedy continues to hold up over 60 years after its creation








@highlight

A slapstick skewering of industrialized America , Modern Times is as politically incisive as it is laugh-out-loud hilarious .