A nicely unsentimental look at modern relationships , The Last Kiss suffers a bit from haphazardness in its construction , but holds up through a strong cast and solid writing .
The Last Kiss is n't afraid of exploding romantic conventions -- um , at least not at first . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
One of the most underrated films of 2006 with a criminally under-appreciated performance from Casey Affleck ...
a distinctly white bread romantic comedy sprinkled with brief flashes of modern-day American existentialist dread .
By risking the alienation of formula fans , screenwriter Paul Haggis and director Tony Goldwyn have taken a chance and given us a small gift .
... another Hollywood fabrication about how people act and feel ... . substituting theatrics for genuine emotion .
Main problem here is Braff , whose lack of conviction does little to get us involved with the various plot complications , least of all his . The result seems like so much workshop for all involved .
Probes in a light-hearted way the problems of individuals for whom the yearning of passion spells discontent .
Fazendo um bom trabalho de direção , Tony Goldwyn cria uma narrativa leve e sensível , demonstrando inteligência em momentos nos quais ilustra os problemas do protagonista de maneira sutil .
A perceptive look at relationships in crisis , the remake of Gabriele Muccino 's 2003 film L'ultimo bacio is a romantic comedy that focuses on love when it is blue .
This is like watching people stick their hands on a gas stove 's fire because no one told them not to do it and they could n't figure it out themselves .
Only the most rabid chick-flick fan will fail to notice that it 's the movie that 's all wet .
Strong performances and interesting ideas make the film worth a gamble but it 's far from the relationship classic it longs to be .
Crediting its audience with emotional intelligence , this rises well above your usual rom-com-dram .
Braff 's gormless , blank-faced acting worked in Garden State because his character was depressed and withdrawn , but here it only serves to render him smug , punchable and utterly unsympathetic .
Relatively compelling at the time , it 's just a bit too glib to resonate for much longer afterwards .
This drama is a well-crafted and heartfelt look at commitment , infidelity and the end of youth .
... a compelling , surprisingly moving look at the ups and downs of contemporary relationships .
If similar ideas had n't inspired a dozen or so other films , Last Kiss might have been an exciting movie .
... gets caught between taking risks and playing it safe .
Danner will surely win an Oscar if enough people see this film , but the real point is that her stormy , erratic gender-bender Lear performance elevates The Last Kiss above a well-made genre drama .
Forget the skewed promotion of this as a comedy , this is another compelling drama of relationships by Crash 's Paul Haggis .
According to the movie , that crisis , which once beset people at midlife , now comes earlier because life moves so fast . Oh , so that 's what they 're calling immature male behavior these days .
The movie is like a bad kiss that 's a little sloppy and uninspired ... it leaves you disappointed .
If anything , -LSB- the filmmakers -RSB- have amplified Kiss 's most irritating quality , a kind of ` grandiose miserabilism ' , as the Village Voice complained of Muccino 's creation .
At its basic level , it 's yet another tale of post-adolescent boys who wo n't grow up and the women who try to love them ...
If the characters in The Last Kiss come across as a bit too whiny , it 's not because they 're too young , but rather because they 're too self-inflated .
You 've heard of the Romantic Comedy ? Well , this is a Romantic Depressive .
The Last Kiss bears the unmistakable Haggis touch , one as subtle and understated as an electric chainsaw through the spinal cord .
An exceptional Italian film becomes an average American one in this bland remake .
Thanks to Haggis and the cast , who are convincing , often bitingly so , in their willingness to dive into the dark and unknowable depths of the modern American romantic relationship , The Last Kiss mirrors reality with remarkable faithfulness .
Life is full of choices and sacrifices , after all , and the makers of this unusually smart romantic comedy know it .
Why ruin a good thing ? Those were my thoughts when I heard that Hollywood was making an English-language version of Gabriele Muccino 's wonderful 2001 romantic hit `` L'Ultimo bacio '' -LRB- `` The Last Kiss '' -RRB- .
a comedy-drama that is smart enough to dodge the usual roadblocks that stall other films of this genre . ...
Considering Bilson 's sweet and cheeky performance , it wo n't be the last you see of her .
To a startling degree , this version retains many of the prickly elements that made the original so memorable .
Angst-driven whine-fest of a movie about a lot of shallow , unlikable characters .
I 'm not exactly sure when Zach Braff decided to become my generation 's spokesperson , and I 'm even less certain he 's the right man for the job .
I just wanted one person to tell one character in this film , `` So what ? So what if you have no surprises ? Like you deserve some . So what if you 're a bored old couple ? Like you were such interesting people 30 years ago . ''
The original was full of warmth , humor and poignance while the remake is full of rain clouds and navel-gazing .
... for the twenty-something crowd . Older viewers may enjoy the performances , but the agonizing of the characters will likely bring about a ` been there , done that ' reaction .
The youthful leads all had a limited range of emotions .
We 're supposed to scratch our chins and ponder the faux wisdom of lines of dialogue like , `` relationships : they either work or they do n't . '' Who knew ?
Your standard coming of age story , done late .
It is a highly perceptive drama with no good guys and no bad guys , instead choosing to fill its running time with real people facing real issues , all of them searching desperately for the best road leading to solace in their ever-complicated lives .
... what makes The Last Kiss especially satisfying is its vision of love as the soul of partnership -- rather than the crack high known as romance -- and something worth fighting for .
... the movie occasionally reveals truths about relationships that , while not earth-shattering , are nonetheless entertaining and worth considering .
... veterans Danner and Wilkinson effortlessly make Anna and Stephen more interesting than all the youngsters combined .
It 's not Love Actually . It certainly ai n't Pretty Woman . It is n't any movie Meg Ryan has ever been in . Unflinching and pessimistic , The Last Kiss is anything but escapist .
It 's easy to see from the above that The Last Kiss is a movie scripted from a male point of view to capture that elusive young male demographic .
... The Last Kiss takes a serious look at what 's too often described glibly as early midlife crisis , and it shows some courage in not tying up its stories neatly at the end .
There 's nothing formulaic in this story of four buddies on the cusp of 30 torn between settling down and opening themselves up to more adventures ...
The Last Kiss uses a lot of cellphones , but it never gets the wake-up call to become a real story .
... predictable , unremarkable and overly familiar .
... it 's the best date film in eons -- if you 're 29 or older .
... it would be nice to have some insight , and some artistry , along with the same old same old . The Last Kiss dispenses none of that .
... you wonder if something was n't lost in translation .
-LSB- Braff -RSB- and the women of The Last Kiss give it weight , heart and smarts .
For the most part , The Last Kiss engages and pleases with its shaggy earnestness .
The Last Kiss is interminably bleak . It does n't win laughs or offer catharsis . The film only lowers your spirits and never seems to end .
... a middling remake of a mediocre Italian comedy pandering to the chick-flick crowd ...
... paints itself into a corner from which it can not escape .
Braff is an absolutely charming screen presence , and redeems a should-be hateable character ...
... when it comes to exploring our peculiar blindness as to what 's important in our lives , the film is a disturbing but accurate road map .
... feels terminally generic and tone-deaf .
I found it trite , loud and overheated , although not without insight into how that generation behaves .
If hysterical women is your idea of a good time , then you 'll love The Last Kiss .
... credible resolutions are n't -LSB- Haggis ' -RSB- strongest suit .
... an affair that 's simply best to forget .
... The Last Kiss is a simple movie , but it should spark a great many conversations between couples leading to potentially dangerous territory .
... improves on the original in just about every way , thanks to just about everybody involved , starting with director Tony Goldwyn , and a cast headed by Zach Braff and the ubiquitous Jacinda Barrett
... a considerable improvement on the conclusion of the original Italian film .
If names like Tony Goldwyn and Paul Haggis were n't attached , you 'd swear The Last Kiss was just another Edward Burns movie .
For all the hurting and hollering , The Last Kiss rarely pushes its emotions from scripted to authentic .
The Last Kiss is a good movie .
If The Last Kiss were truly honest , it might make a statement about young people compromising and settling .
... a smart , witty , sexy take on the perils of becoming an adult .
... an intelligent and often very entertaining picture that deals with so many aspects of human relationships .
... Paul Haggis has turned the Italian romantic comedy L'Ultimo Bacio -LRB- 2001 -RRB- into something smarter , funnier , and more penetrating .
As with Garden State and Elizabethtown , The Last Kiss is an iPod playlist in search of a movie , and what it loses in honest drama it will surely make up for in sales of the CD .
I think the movie would have done well to balance the romantic angst with at least one couple that was cheerfully together and had a healthy relationship over a long run .
If you 're the right person at the right time , then it 's the kind of movie that might change your life . For the rest of you , go watch something else .
Watching these privileged young people fret over the the banal soap opera of their protected lives made me want to don a bandana and join a gang of socialist revolutionaries .
If you 've never seen the superior Italian original , you may be captivated ... because I have -LRB- so can you ; it 's on DVD -RRB- , I was diverted but hardly entranced .
Though there are moments of wry humor , the plight of these characters is treated quite seriously .
Something of a slavish , point-for-point adaptation .
An American drama with European sensibilities right up to an ending which on the surface feels like a grand romantic gesture but whose triumph opens up a door of far gloomier and irrevocable consequences .
The Last Kiss is a picture about bad choices , and that 's exactly why it should be celebrated .
Watching The Last Kiss feels like watching a couple going through the motions .
this movie is a mess of neurotic , selfish , deplorable people , and I really did n't care about any of them
a movie that has periods of good in between alot of meaninglessness and unimportance .
The Last Kiss is a melodrama about impending adulthood that is seriously lacking in laughs .
disconnected ... mundane
Who would have thought that the Hollywood version of a European film would be grittier and more downbeat than its predecessor ?
As if Hollywood films needed any outside help to celebrate arrested narcissism , along comes The Last Kiss , Tony Goldwyn 's Americanization of the spurious Gabriele Muccino whinefest of the same name .
What happens in The Last Kiss may be a pitfall of translation : A European movie in which unhappiness reigns usually employs enough sense of the absurd to make it all palatable . Here , it 's just unremittingly sad .
... sometimes feels like an entire season of a television series crammed into less than two hours , full of activity , but lacking shape .
... an American remake of a European original that works .
The laughs grow out of our recognition that these could be people we know .
What probably seemed natural and even amusing in the original comes off here like Barry Levinson 's Diner done wrong .
An old tale , to be sure , but The Last Kiss does n't feel tired .
... despite its deficiencies , this film cuts pretty deep , especially when compared to most recent Hollywood dramas .
Braff creates a likeable character who makes some unlikeable choices . But none of the ultimate resolutions feel as satsifying as they are intended to , and Kim is as imaginary as the Bo Derek character in the similarly-themed `` 10 . ''
... occasionally stumbles onto something interesting .
Says little about growing up and relationships that has n't been covered -- and better -- in virtually hundreds of other pictures on the same subjects .
Nothing in The Last Kiss is particularly revelatory , but strong performances -- Braff continues to cement his status as an unlikely heartthrob -- make it a pleasure to watch .
... a patently offensive love story , where you root for the guy not to end up with the girl .
If you 're going to take viewers down a familiar path , you 'd better make sure the trip is led by intriguing characters . Give the makers of this comedy-drama credit for that .
The Last Kiss is n't terrible , but if you 're strapped for a night out , it can easily wait till DVD . Better yet , it may be time to revisit Diner .
A weirdly likable movie that gives an absolute beatdown to the notion of procreation and marriage .
Braff , who is strong and relatable , just as he was in `` Garden State , '' continues to evolve as a leading man .
Muccino 's film was a deliciously surprising , high-spirited dance ; Goldwyn 's is a dreary dirge , ... a sadly typical blend of morose relationship tale and second-rate sitcom .
-LSB- G -RSB- lum piece of nonsense .
An alarming male wallow passing as a fetching date-night dramedy in which four men entering their fourth decade respond with lunkheaded awfulness to the mysteries of women , each in his own lunkish way .
Situational humor is structurally sound , and yet the aggregate result of all this Sturm und Drang is more distancing than involving .
This is one of those movies where you 're willing to overlook the flaws in order to appreciate what 's worth lauding .
Imperturbable Americans who read as juvenile clowns for their inability or unwillingness to put their emotional houses in order .
... delightfully funny , warmly romantic , and touchingly dramatic . The characters are appealing , and the dialog is sharp and smart .
Bring a barf bag and a razor blade , because you 'll need one or both by the time you 're done with this .
The Last Kiss is the kind of film fodder best left to DVD rental , a far more economical prospect than taking it in on a Saturday night at the local multiplex .
A look at men 's arrested development and fear of commitment , Goldwyn 's well acted film walks a fine line , not always successfully , between a comic coming-of-age romp and more dramatically intense anatomy of relationships .
The first smart movie of the fall season .
Entertaining and insightful , but the shift from comedy to melodrama is a bit drastic .







@highlight

You 'll either find the The Last Kiss to be a phony bore or a refreshing take about young 20-somethings at the crossroads between their carefree lifestyle and responsibility . Zach Braff and the rest of the appealing cast make the case for the latter .