Kill List will scar you emotionally . Do yourselves a favour and do n't watch this before bed .
As gross and horrific as some of the acts are , the pacing , character deterioration , story turns and sympathetic portrayals -LRB- if a hitman could ever fall into that category -RRB- make this film compelling viewing .
Progresses from uncomfortable character study to subtly intense crime thriller , and ultimately to deep , dark horror .
Wheatly aims for something like moral complexity by having one of the killers believe in God and the other aspire to be a good husband and father , but once the graphic violence starts , it upstages everything else .
Displaying both a nasty edge and a playful sense of humor -- but thankfully , never at the same time -- Brit import Kill List is several cuts above its fellow midbudget horror brethren .
When it 's all over , audiences are sent reeling out of the theater with heads spinning and guts churning .
Deeply edgy , gory crime film maintains perfectly calibrated tension before dropping a bombshell that will be too much for some viewers .
Kill List is bravura filmmaking - an impeccable guide on how to build tension and character without sacrificing story .
Kill List is a tremendous film that features a nerve shredding climax that shook me to the core , skilfully edited and cruelly turning the tables on the main characters in ways you never expected .
A moody , scary , often exceptional film that tries so hard to keep the viewer at a distance that it actually succeeds too well .
Martin Pavey 's sound design is so unnerving it scared the bejeezus out of our cats ...
It 's a bit of a slow starter , but once it gets going , Kill List achieves a steady , nail-gnawing intensity and unpredictability .
One of the scariest films I 've seen in ages , although I can not in all honesty explain exactly what the movie is about .
Wheatley 's sui generis sophomore effort confirms him as a weasel to watch under the cocktail cabinet for .
It just barely works for me by virtue of its audacity but I would n't be surprised if it does n't do the same for you .
Ben Wheatley might one day make a film of interest as long as he nails down a few particulars before heading to the set .
`` Kill List '' has a slow build , but do n't be lulled into complacency . This is one of the most violent and disturbing films you 'll see in an art house .
Wheatly aims for something like moral complexity by having one of the killers believe in God and the other aspire to be a good husband and father , but once the graphic violence starts , it upstages everything else .
It 's baffling and goofy , blood-soaked and not boring . That it 's well-made adds to the confusion ; it feels like a better film than it turns out to be .
Following up his impressive debut , Down Terrace , Ben Wheatley 's Yorkshire-based crime thriller swerves with abrupt satisfaction into horror in its final moments .
Although Kill List is a dark and creepy film , it is also very funny at times .
An ultraviolent crime thriller that is n't very thrilling , British filmmaker Ben Wheatley 's `` Kill List '' starts off as businesslike as its title .
A scuzzy little cross between a crime movie and a horror freak-out that gets under your skin and stays there , even if you ca n't understand half of what the characters are saying .
While it 's screaming in your face , it 's also quietly creeping up behind you .
There 's atmosphere and tension and dark humor and some truly shocking gore throughout .
... a brazen mix of Brit-Grit , Pulp Fiction and The Wicker Man ... Wheatley 's second feature is definitely fated for horror cult-dom . It not only stands up under repeat viewings , it demands them .
Tries to be Eyes Wide Shut , The Wicker Man , and The Twilight Zone all at once , but only makes you wish that you were watching one of them instead .
He pokes and prods the audience , tilts at them sideways , he and fellow writer Amy Jump going out of their way to make things as obtuse and as weird as possible yet somehow always maintain focus on character and narrative at the same time .
Eerie , sinister and floundering , it careens to a brutally bizarre , preposterous conclusion that 's definitely not for the squeamish .
`` Kill List '' starts as an excruciatingly slow family drama . Many action mavens might fold before the second act , and that would be a shame . Hang tight , and enjoy the strange , compelling turn-of-events that follow . Paul Chambers , CNN .
For much of this second film from British writer/director Ben Wheatley , the style seems tightly , even coldly , controlled , as it knocks things further and further out of whack .
There 's an intriguing premise here that derails into a repetitive exercise in brutality .
What starts out looking like a convincingly grubby but unexceptional U.K. crime picture takes an eleventh-hour detour into way spookier territory : Audiences willing to go with it are in for a real treat .
Teases out mysteries large and small - far too many for it to resolve - only to collapse in a bloody , calamitous heap .
`` Kill List '' jumbles together wildly incongruous ingredients to create a dramatic mush .
This movie is yet another testament to the thriving creativity of the British indie-film scene .
The film 's title may draw you in , but it 's the texture that keeps you watching .
The camera is unflinching , and so is Wheatley , as the story moves toward the unthinkable . It 's left to you when and whether to look away .
Kill List is meticulously designed to be a cult film , which means it can never truly be one : It grabs its audience by the collar instead of beckoning seductively and carelessly .
It would be easy to say that the final minutes of this mixed-up thriller make everything before it meaningless , but that would indicate the odd conclusion has meaning , too .
Harking back to great British horror classics like The Wicker Man with a similar level of absolute terror in the last act .
Brutal and bloody and utterly unnerving ...
It 's remarkably clever and resourceful filmmaking , and a little on the diabolical side as well .
You may look back at the end and wonder , how did we get here ? Pay attention : There are small clues along the way .
The ending is so gracelessly ironic that O. Henry himself would have thrown up his hands in disgust .
The final twist is both baffling and repulsive , but as an evocation of the triumph of evil , it 's peerless .
You 'll have questions regarding the ending - I certainly do . But `` was it worth it ? '' wo n't be one of them .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- The plot-holes in `` Kill List '' are so big you could fit a whole different movie inside them ...
You have to go along with this one . Give it a chance anyway and take in a good , creepy horror flick .
This 2011 low-budget British flick is one of those movies you simply do n't know what to make of ...
a major breakthrough for writer/director Ben Wheatley , whose assured and painstaking handling of this difficult material makes for an unforgettable viewing experience .
Mumbled and intentionally impenetrable , the effort is a taxing sit with enormously skillful screen elements , molded into an interpretive shocker that 's often not worth the time to unravel .
Pulp Fiction without the flowery dialogue
To say where the film ends up would be too much of a spoiler , yet the unsettling hints of a chilling bigger picture that are threaded through the narrative will leave the viewer as much on edge as its hapless protagonists .
... an oddly undercooked bit of genre filmmaking ...
A new classic to fit in among the hallowed ranks of THE WICKER MAN and THE SHINING .
Enlivens its schematic , episodic story with some teary domestic drama and a wacky Wicker Man ending .
This is one movie people are going to be flinching at and talking about for some time to come .
-LSB- A -RSB- n equally intriguing and frustrating cinematic experience ... Our confusion becomes its own sort of disquiet ...
If you can stomach the strong violence this is one unusual , enigmatic and thoroughly gripping piece of British cinema which confirms its maker as a unique voice .
It is darkly comic , brutally violent and a dynamo of dizzying fright stuff .
Kill List carries with it the joy of discovery and it 's going to have a long shelf life .
Wheatley , a moviemaker of great individuality and imagination , ultimately leaves us to make what connections we will .
Why was -LRB- National Lottery -RRB- money poured into a film where an elderly man says ` Thank you ' before having his fingers hammered ? Still less one where we then see his head pulped .
A hitman film with no energy , no pace , and so without a compelling narrative it relies on gore-hungry murders to keep your eyes on the screen . And it 's not even very good at them .
Strong meat , this . Even those who cackled and cringed through Ben Wheatley 's Brighton-based crime satire Down Terrace -LRB- also the best British picture of 2010 -RRB- , may find themselves recoiling at certain moments in his second film , Kill List .
This is one smart film from someone with a singular voice who knows their craft .
One of the funniest and most discombobulating films of the year .
A frustrating mixture of promising and atrocious .
A well-crafted British horror-thriller that recalls classics like The Wicker Man and Witchfinder General but which ultimately fails to convince or provide a satisfactory climax .
The less you know in advance , the more potent the feeling of being shoved head-first down a rabbit hole . What 's waiting at the end is n't a bunny - it 's hideous .
Constant narrative ambiguity is what renders Kill List so compelling .
At first I was intrigued , then bored , then frustrated - and then baffled and angry that I 'd wasted my time on it .
As far as British horror goes right now , Kill List is pretty much top of the range .
Utterly gripping , deeply unsettling and genuinely terrifying , this is a brilliantly directed , superbly written British horror film with terrific performances from its three leads .
a shadowy scenario that constitutes one of the most disorienting , paranoia-tinged experiences to have graced the screens of British horror since Robin Hardy 's The Wicker Man -LRB- which is duly referenced -RRB- .
Wheatley never forgets the golden rule that horror can hold up a cracked mirror to society as long as it provides some bloody good jolts .
Allow the film to take hold and its power is inescapable : the effect is like placing your head in a vice and waiting as it inexorably closes .
Even with a predictable final twist , this is the most terrifying and audacious British horror film in years .
Exhilarating while you 're watching it and fascinating in hindsight .
With this , Wheatley elevates himself from kill list to A list . Right now , he 's among the most promising filmmakers in Britain .
Wheatley follows up his terrific debut Down Terrace with another genre-bending film that continually catches us off guard . This time we 're watching a freak-out horror movie wrapped in a thoughtful exploration of the tides of relationships .
I ca n't wait to watch Kill List a second time . Even if the second viewing does n't explain a thing , I just want to experience the ordeal again .
British horror has rarely hit these heights since the mid - '70s .
Kill List works , whether as a domestic drama , a hitman thriller or something more sinister than either of those .
The impressive thing about Wheatley 's work is the very mundane , matter of fact way he grounds everything in his films .
I did not enjoy Kill List , and not because it 's offensive or upsetting . It 's because it 's phony . If you 're trying to traumatize me , you 're going to have to earn it .

@highlight

Kill List is an expertly executed slow-burn crime thriller that thrives on tension before morphing into visceral horror .