Led by a solid ensemble , Ant-Man brings a lot of fun into the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
The movie will probably be hit or miss for some , but it does n't leave you with a bad taste for the genre .
Most Marvel movies are too much . This one is just enough .
It 's not bad , but it 's definitely a movie that has lost its way in the process of business/movie making . You can see what this movie could have been . You 'll still enjoy it , it 's just a shame .
By the sweet hammer of Thor , Marvel Comics has really , really run out of ideas this time .
... it feels like a simpler , smaller movie , which could n't be more appropriate , considering the powers of its protagonist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a breath of fresh air ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Yes , it 's funny at times and nearly always entertaining but , helped by a terrific cast and a thoughtfully constructed screenplay , Ant-Man has enough gravitas and drama to keep an open-minded adult audience entertained , alongside its target younger market .
Every detail , both big -LRB- Michael Douglas -RRB- and small -LRB- Peña -RRB- , works to alter our perceptions of we mean when we talk about this genre and those crazy expectations .
Ant-Man is a very enjoyable movie on its own merit . Paul Rudd 's everyman charm is put to good use as Scott Lang , but Michael Pena walks away with the best parts of the movie as Scott 's former cell mate , Luis .
As the closing piece of Marvel 's hit-and-miss phase two , Ant-Man bodes well for the future of the MCU .
Overall , this is a decent start to another franchise , and it does n't matter whether you like it or not . Ant-Man will be back in next year 's Captain America : Civil War .
Ant-Man stands on its own as an entertaining , smartly funny film , while also fitting neatly into the Marvel cinematic universe .
Ultimately , Ant-Man is n't the best of what the Marvel Cinematic Universe has to offer , but it 's no train wreck either .
Ant-Man is undoubtedly one of the best individual superhero movies on the MCU . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite its absurd romantic storyline , and creepy crawlers , Ant-Man is a superhero film worth seeing . I do n't think I 've laughed so hard in any other Marvel film .
It 's the snappy dialogue , appealing , broadly drawn characters , and imaginative use of the shrinking gimmick that make Ant-Man stand out .
Ant-Man is ... funny , effortlessly charming , often genuinely weird , and possessed of a few strikingly original and/or emotional moments . It works .
Ant-Man is solid , mid-tier Marvel : nothing spectacular , but entertaining enough . Proceed accordingly .
Ant-Man is a surprisingly nimble , enjoyable origin story with a little-guy-saves-the-day quality that will particularly appeal to younger viewers .
Is Ant-Man worth seeing ? -LRB- As if my answer matters ; like all Marvel movies , it 'll make a mint . -RRB- Sort of .
The plot is as basic as it gets and in its antagonist-protagonist set-up , almost an exact copy of the Spider-Man-Green Goblin situation . But who cares ? When you have a cast delivering comedy this strong , plot would only get in the way .
Ant-Man is at least entertaining without overwhelming , and funny without the pomposity of the recent Marvel onslaught .
Combined with action that shifts the usual Marvel macro battle to micro dazzle , a solid cast and a high-tech heist of a plot , Ant-Man delivers a good thing in a small package .
`` Ant-Man '' is far too restrained to stand out amongst its peers , too careful to leave a lasting mark of its own . Its pleasures are real , but nearly as small as its hero .
The previous anonymity of miniature-sized superhero who dates back to the 60s , does n't prevent it from becoming one of the most entertaining and successful combinations of action and comedy in the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
Funny , engaging and entertaining , Marvel 's latest superhero movie is by far their most kid-friendly . While there is scary action galore , it comes in managable comprehensible bites and Paul Rudd 's Scott Lang/Ant-Man is a genial character .
Rudd is indeed the right man for the job , for at all times he seems at peace with himself , wearing a slightly mischievous grin and speaking in soft tones that make you want to pour your heart out to him as if he were your very old friend .
So Ant-Man is an admirable but flawed attempt to expand the Marvel canon . The script is far from Marvel 's best and , considering the film aims to be light hearted , lacks the laughs that bolster so many of these films .
Delighting with inventive setpieces and an affable lead in Paul Rudd , Ant-Man is eccentric enough to amuse , but can often feel watered-down in execution .
Michael Peña is striking that Ant-Man and makes it clear that is humor , not imposed seriousness of the Avengers , that will keep us faithful to the superhero genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie proves that fans should wait until a movie is released before passing judgment . Based on the behind the scenes drama this should have been a disaster , instead the little movie that could Triumphs !
Ant-Man is a largely self-contained , breezy , hilarious and gorgeous heist film that manages a feat few recent superhero films do : It stands up well on its own .
Ant-Man marks the culmination of Marvel 's `` Phase Two '' and they 've brought the chapter to a close in likeable style .
Even when it looks as if it might drop the ball , Marvel scores another touchdown with this fantastically fun film .
The best moments satirise the grand action sequences we 've become accustomed to in these tentpoles .
The result is one of Marvel 's most purely enjoyable movies to date .
Ant-Man has its charms , but they 're frequently lost beneath a story that feels like a patchwork job . It 's a fun watch , but also a frustrating one .
Rudd 's humorously self-deprecating persona works wonders with the material and he gets terrific support from Michael Peña , who takes -LSB- a -RSB- stereotypical Latino sidekick role ... and makes it fizz with good-natured fun .
Ant-Man is a highly-entertaining romp that boasts outstanding special effects and thrilling action sequences , turning this tiny hero into a big-screen success .
The same tepid , timeworn routine with a few chocolate sprinkles of ` fun ' on top . ... Marvel has become its own antonym .
It functions well as a comedy , and light hearted fantasy , while channeling the spirit of classic Marvel tropes of the underdog , redemption , and the construction of an avenger .
In these playful moments , it feels as if we 're watching a sly spoof of a typical Marvel film ; but then the film reverts to more predictable blockbuster fare .
Like a super-powered heist movie , mixing fantastic invention with a tried , tested and all-too-familiar formula .
No other Marvel installment has felt as weighed down by its obligations to the franchise .
As fun as you expect from Marvel , but really misses Edgar Wright .
Marvel 's signature gigantism is reversed with agreeable results .
One of the biggest pleasures is its overall subversion of the superhero genre . It still feels like a Marvel product , and it suffers from a typically one-dimensional bad guy , but it also has a lot of fun turning expectation on its head .
any film that references The Incredible Shrinking Man so beautifully deserves its moment on the stage .
What is somewhat surprising is just how hilarious it actually is , even becoming a challenger to last year 's laugh-fest Guardians Of The Galaxy in terms of impressive comedic chops .
Ant-Man 's best quality is that it does n't try to be a superhero movie yet it endulges all the craziness in them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It may boast the world 's smallest superhero but Marvel 's Ant-Man is big on fun and ingenuity .
Divertido , mas esquecível .
When you get right down to it , there is something rather amusing about watching a protagonist the size of a fingernail doing ambitious stunt work while he attempts to survive dangerous obstacles .
-LSB- Ants are -RSB- pests , and that 's just a weird place to start for a superhero , especially if he never strays too far from his origins .
Ant-Man is entertaining because it uses big-movie tricks without big-movie hyperbole .
Pick a formula . Include a wonderful actor . Make everything work in spite of the unoriginality that 's working against it . You get `` Ant-Man . ''
It is fun and frothy and convinces as a worthy part of the Marvel canon .
For once the bad buzz and worse trailers were wrong . This hero deserves a movie all his own .
Peyton Reed 's Ant-Man is , by the very nature of its subject , a smaller and consequently far more enjoyable enterprise .
The weakest Marvel movie since The Incredible Hulk .
... it 's becoming more and more apparent that Marvel simply has no idea what they 're doing within the blockbuster genre .
Director Peyton Reed has a lot of fun with the concept , though epic battles on tiny scales can be a bit less breathtaking .
Ant-Man is this year 's Guardians of the Galaxy . It focuses on a peripheral , wisecracking member of the Marvel Universe , adding a generous dose of humor to its superhero action .
Cheeky , good-natured , clever and even a little on the subversive side , Ant-Man is that rarest of comic-book movies -- one that manages to be personal and does n't take itself too seriously .
Both an entertaining and eminently disposable superhero movie , Ant-Man rounds out Marvel Studios ' much-vaunted ` Phase Two ' of its masterplan to maintain world domination of mainstream cinema .
I 'm not entirely convinced the character will mix well into the overall Marvel Cinematic Universe when he inevitably starts to crossover into other superhero films , but as a standalone adventure , `` Ant-Man '' is undeniably entertaining .
Might be the biggest surprise of the summer .
Here comes Ant-Man , bringing all the surprise and joy we got when we wandered into the first Iron Man or Guardians of the Galaxy . And fun ! Yes , fun .
Paul Rudd rules .
The film has a nice mix of action , drama and comedy , aided by a very effective villain , Darren Cross -LRB- Corey Stoll of ` Non-Stop ' -RRB- who is a lot like the evil corporate character that Jeff Bridges played in ` Iron Man . '
... fails to have enough fun with its one unique element : the sense of scale .
The most typical film yet made in the now 12-picture Marvel Cinematic Universe . It is up to the individual viewer to decide if that 's a compliment or a vicious & lacerating criticism .
At the end of the day Ant-Man ranks as one of the franchise 's better efforts
Next to Guardians of the Galaxy , Ant-Man is easily the most enjoyable , unashamedly fun and least pretentious superhero film to emerge from the computer-generated clutter of the Marvel movie universe .
Extracts from the Disney attractions are dreadful but personality wins the day in this light duty superhero tale .
treads the line between the funny and the exciting with notable dexterity
Rudd 's Lang is refreshingly self-effacing and charming . Pena is flat-out hilarious .
A breezy affair that will give you your money 's worth for two hours .
Ant-Man symbolises American accomplishment . It is about people transcending the physical limitations of the human body and it is also a comedy variation on the political idea that the smallest person can change the world .
At long last Marvel Studios offers up a superhero smaller than its artistic ambitions .
The overwhelming , self-serious sense that we are watching something Very Important blissfully does n't exist in Ant-Man . It 's just plain fun : light , breezy , simple and enjoyable .
To say the least , this is a movie with a few bugs in it .
Light and entertaining .
Like its predecessor , `` Guardians of the Galaxy , '' `` Ant-Man '' plays with the Marvel universe without upending it . It manages to make fun of the superhero genre while still fully embracing the emotions that make the genre powerful .
Two father/daughter stories - with splashy simulations , using macro-photography and motion-capture technology .
Thanks to a perfectly cast leading role by Paul Rudd and a hilarious supporting choice in Michael Peña , `` Ant-Man '' is a much funner-than-expected summer blockbuster that 's as kid-friendly as it gets for the superhero genre .
A heist movie at heart , where the safecracker can also shrink to the size of an ant , it 's got a true lightness of touch that makes it compelling and even heart-warming .
For the second straight year , Marvel 's late-summer entry is an inventive , very enjoyable action film .
Fun -LSB- but -RSB- it lacks both the artistic touch and character traces that would have transformed it from an episode into a movie .
Neither exciting action movie nor exuberantly silly comedy in the vein of Guardians , Ant-Man is mildly amusing but frankly a little dull ; essential viewing only for Marvel completists ...
This is a film that never loses sight of its title character , even when that character literally falls between the cracks .
What , if anything , holds `` Ant-Man '' together ? First , Paul Rudd , who is laughably unheroic , and has the grace to know as much ...
Fast-paced , character-based , and appreciably energetic .
The balance is just right : hanging a lantern on the silly stuff but not dwelling on it for too long , while making sure the plot feels high-stakes and the characters believable .
Not so f-ant-astic , then , just a little ant-iclimatic .
The film is transcendental-meditation low-key and just too damned nice .
Macro-Marvel ... wisely marketed at the small fry . It 's closer to ` Antz ' than the mutant radioactive variety -LRB- in ` Them ! ' -RRB- .
A rapid-fire superhero adventure , ` Ant-Man ' earns a place alongside Marvel Studios ' other superhero movies .
A ridiculous , overacted , confusing and too talky but audience friendly comic book thriller from Marvel Comics .
It 's difficult to shake the sense that the film was assembled hurriedly and somewhat haphazardly . Which , from all available evidence , is exactly what happened .
Just in time , the first time Ant-Man shrinks down to ant size , it 's such a wonder of marvelous CGI magic that everyone in the theater wakes up like an alarm has gone off .
It 's certainly competent and amusing when need be , but not much more than that .
After the overkill of Avengers : Age of Ultron , it 's nice to see Marvel return to a comparatively small-scale effort -- in more ways than one .
Marvel delivers once again ... it 'd be nice to see more -LRB- story -RRB- innovation before it becomes too obvious the same plot structure keeps getting beautiful new coats of paint .
With a lighter delivery coming with plenty of tongue-in-cheek humor , `` Ant-Man '' plays friendlier and more fun than the darker slate of superhero movies coming down the pike .
Ant-Man is a lark . It 's a lighthearted , human-scaled matinee adventure that feels like an antidote to this summer 's dour Avengers : Age of Ultron and its droning marathon of destruction .
A formidable character with high stakes and global consequences , partly by rooting it firmly in a post-Avengers world .
Is it a winner ? The answer 's yes , but only if you consider not losing to be winning .
This is the sort of movie where you see the effort and say , Thank god .
Ant-Man has all the right parts , but in Ultron 's wake and at the forefront of a long upcoming lineup of films , it really is time for Marvel to start doing better .
A formulaic Marvel superhero origin tale but Ant-Man gets a boost from a good ensemble cast and an overall tone of fun and creativity from director Peyton Reed .
While Ant-Man may not have mastered giving its hero a soul , it reminds us that you can still have a blast at the movies even when the good guy and bad guy are having a life-or-death fight that can be contained inside a briefcase .
` Ant-Man ' is a blast . It is funny , clever and its view of the world in miniature is often spectacular .
It 's enjoyable enough . The current critical buzz , about how it starts slow but ends strong , unlike so many other superhero-origin films , is relativism gone slightly mad .
These mini superheroes and villains are as serious as Captain America is earnest , which brings the funny when they 're shown to scale .
The combination of a charismatic lead , a solid supporting cast , and the debut and dramatization of a new -LRB- to moviegoers -RRB- superpower -LRB- or two -RRB- has proved a winning formula for Marvel Studios for the last , oh , 10 or so films now , and it 's no different here .
Ant-Man is a pleasant surprise for this summer and one of the best films from Marvel and Disney . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ranks , on every front , as one of the best from Marvel 's universe !
With the likable Paul Rudd buffed up to portray Scott Lang , former cat burglar-turned-superhero , `` Ant-Man '' has a self-deprecating and witty edge .
In the end , Ant-Man is a film that entertains , thrills and closes Phase 2 of the MCU in a dignified way . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` It feels like the lead up to Yellowjacket was all cut out . I hope that 's the case . Honestly , I expected him to say ` mwahaha ' at one point . ''
We 've had so many superhero movies in the last decade that it 's amazing one can still feel surprising . Ant-Man does . In that sense , it 's a triumph .
You walk in with no expectations and leave satisfied . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
In its medium-stupid and mismanaged fashion it 's not so awful .
Ant-Man 's unlikely charm is just enough to stop it from being squished at the cinematic picnic .
Ant-Man just is n't that great an idea and the film exists only because the Marvel machine is working so remorselessly through its massive back catalogue .
While boasting all the dazzling special effects we 've come to expect from the Iron Man , Captain America and Thor series , this is Marvel in modest form - and small turns out to be beautiful .
The film is n't terrible but it makes earlier Marvel outings look like masterpieces . There 's hardly a trope in it you have n't seen before , and done with far greater flair . It feels like making a mountain out of an anthill .
When the essence of a story is shrinking -LRB- and enlarging -RRB- , the computer-generated effects department had better be on top form , and here , predictably , they are .
I enjoyed `` Ant-Man '' most as small-scale spectacle , a high-tech update on `` Honey , I Shrunk the Kids '' cinema ... The plot , it must be said , rewards not thinking about it .
Marvel wins big by going small in its latest adventure .
One could take a magnifying glass to `` Ant-Man , '' but the results would be disastrous . This is a superhero movie to be enjoyed in the moment .
The result is a lighter , more overtly comedic effort than most Marvel films , and Wright 's influence is still all over the finished product .
Go Ant-Man , more fun than the last Avengers movie by a long shot . Converted 3D still looks awful , however .
A fairly straightforward , conventional superhero story , where a mere mortal gathers the ability to be extraordinary and then becomes a hero . This is no way to sell me on a story about a guy who can make himself the size of an ant .
A rousing 3-D sci-fi adventure that celebrates the teamwork between a man on an important mission and a band of insects .
The cast is better than solid . Directed by Peyton Reed , the action is a zippy pleasure . The more Scott shrinks , the bigger the fun . The visual effects are witty , especially when he begins making allies of various ant colonies .
It 's exactly what the MCU needs right now : a creative dose of fun .
Clever , funny , cool Marvel movie has lots of sci-fi action .
Rudd 's charm and easygoing sense of humor keeps us engaged , even though ` Ant-Man ' is the least clever and ambitious of the recent spate of Marvel movies .
Unlike the two-dimensional pages of a comic book , and unlike it 's two-dimensional Marvel Comics movie character cousins , Ant-Man is three-dimensional fun .
In more ways than one , `` Ant-Man '' is smaller than most of the rest of the MCU . The fate of the world is not immediately at stake , and that 's a refreshing change .
The increasingly stale Marvel formula gets a blast of fresh air in this rollocking adventure movie , which combines a steady stream of character-based comedy with action sequences that are integrated seamlessly into the plot .
Ant-Man is a load of a fun , a light-hearted superhero heist film with a sense of humor and playfulness that will make you forget just how silly the whole thing is .
If you 're worn out by superhero movies featuring apocalyptic battles in which cities are leveled , may I present `` Ant-Man , '' in which the climactic showdown takes place aboard a Thomas the Tank Engine train set . And not even the deluxe version .
It might take another Ant-Man movie -LRB- you know it 's in the works -RRB- to see his character grow once the suit 's luster has worn down , but the framework is there to create an interesting superhero .
I always thought this was the dumbest idea ever , and I was wrong .
The best thing about `` Ant-Man '' is that is starts small and stays that way .
Ant-Man is n't much more than pleasant -LRB- Peyton Reed directs limply -RRB- , but anything Marvel that does n't feel Marvel-ish makes me smile .
Not just one of the more entertaining Marvel movies - infinitely better than Joss Whedon 's overstuffed Avengers : Age of Ultron - but a genuinely fun and clever deconstruction of the genre , too .
For a small movie , `` Ant-Man '' has a lot going on . Rudd makes it work .
Yes , it 's fine , but not much more than that . Which is good news for Marvel , which must have wondered if it had an Ant problem .
` Ant-Man ' will appeal mostly to ant-people . Translated : children . Factor in fans of Paul Rudd and Marvel superheroes , and you could have a box office community picnic .
Taking itself seriously without being too serious , the film proves fun all the same , confirming that it is possible to side with a superhero who is the size of a fingertip without once feeling the need to laugh at him .
Guaranteed to feature 2015 's best climactic battle atop a train set -- pardon the terrible pun -- ` Ant-Man ' is freaking f-ANT-astic fun and the year 's most pleasant surprise .
Not the Marvel misfire that fans of the titular tiny guy might have expected , but it 's still lumpy and trifling .
There 's a decent amount of fun to be had ... But considering Marvel 's stellar track record and the comedic wonderfulness of its star , Paul Rudd , Ant-Man is more than a little disappointing .
I wish the film had gone even further into loopiness . Like Ant-Man , the film , directed by Peyton Reed , comes in two sizes -- it 's sometimes big on laughs but often small on risk-taking .
Tou do n't need to know the Avengers from the Justice League to enjoy this weird romp starring Paul Rudd as Scott Lang , a burglar with a heart of gold .
The result is a film not quite sure of itself , like it 's wearing clothes a size too big .
The thing has got big laughs , a real heartbeat , and a modesty of scale that , next to the mega machinery of most Marvel movies , is kind of a relief .
Ant-Man is fun but surprisingly conventional .
While its shrunken special effects are stunning its screenplay is overloaded with melodrama and an unreasonable amount of unfunny humor .
There 's nothing snarky or air quote-ish about the story , but there is a recognition that this is a superhero the size of a grain of rice . In this case , that 's super enough .
Another cog in the Marvel machine , it runs smoothly , with Douglas providing the necessary gravitas and Stoll giving emotional viability to his unbalanced villain .
Although its origin-story machinations get the better of it , Ant-Man is n't a bust .
The attempts at overt comedy are hit-and-miss . The heist elements are derivative and not nearly as inventive as one might expect given the possibilities . The action sequences are variable and the dramatic moments ... the less said , the better .
Ant-Man does some things very well , like letting Paul Rudd inhabit a comic-book character in precisely the same way Iron Man put a goatee on Robert Downey Jr. and called him Tony Stark .
Mostly the film keeps to the lighter side , aided by Michael Peña in a comic-even-more-relief role , and by his criminal buddies Kurt , Dave and Gale .
Ant-Man does n't even try to break the mold , but at least it 's less busy and bombastic than most Marvel offerings .
Why , oh why , must these movies telling the story of the beginnings of a superhero do the same things over and over and over again ?
Rudd 's charm and an overall sense of silliness make for breezy summer fun . It 's also Marvel 's most kid-friendly movie yet .
Pretending there 's a more fascinating version of this film out there somewhere , like the Richard Donner cut of Superman II , is a great way to come to terms with how rote and unremarkable Ant-Man is .
This is the most straight-forward and fun Marvel movie for ages .
It 's a film that always feels this close to being unique , and funny , and thrilling . Which is why when it misses its mark , over and over and over again , the sound of its failure resounds that much louder .
Fast , fun-packed -LRB- but never frivolous -RRB- and riotously , raucously enjoyable .
Rudd is ideal for Ant-Man 's aw-shucks , I 'm not into this hero business playfulness . He gleefully riffs on it .
A film that will surely be popular , given Marvel 's marketing might , but one that 's woefully short on coherence and originality .
This acceptably diverting superhero outing keeps threatening to break free and become something special , but in the end , there 's just too much at stake . And that 's a shame , especially for Paul Rudd fans .
When one of his pet ants is killed , Scott -LRB- Rudd -RRB- threatens the villain with a wee fist : `` You 're going to regret this ! '' This movie about shrinkage has a nice sense of proportion .
It does n't rise to the screwball audacity of `` Guardians of the Galaxy . '' Or `` Antz . '' Or `` A Bug 's Life . '' But it 's an endearing exercise in style - a playful , small-scale crowd-pleaser that parodies its bombastic Marvel precursors .
Yes , Ant-Man awkwardly vacillates between broad comedy and earnest adventure , and Pena 's cartoony sidekick seems to belong in some other less serious movie . But Ant-Man works . In spots , it works well .
Everyone involved can proudly declare , `` Honey , I shrunk the Marvel Cinematic Universe . ''
This new feature takes issues of absurdity and scale to heart in many ways ; it is modest as well as ambitious , and its title character is played by Paul Rudd , the most appealingly self-deprecating of actors .
Ant-Man is a salvage job but a good one . In common with Guardians of the Galaxy , it exhibits a B-movie nuttiness not permitted in the studio 's flagship films : your Iron Man , your Avengers .
` Ant-Man '' is n't your typical Marvel bombast . Instead of a sensory assault , it 's more content with taking a quiet-and-quaint approach to introducing one of the stable 's lesser-known superheroes .
As with all of Marvel Studios ' movies , the action , humour and innate silliness is tempered with something a little more thoughtful and meditative , making for a highly entertaining mix .
It is lighter and less pyrotechnic , more friendly and entertaining than other Marvel products . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very fun epic story . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Ant-Man '' becomes the first Marvel movie to deliver a third act that 's better than the first two .
Ant-Man is a neat package , that comfortably wears its connection to the Marvel Cinematic Universe without labouring the point .
Despite a story that sometimes strains under cliches , several supporting characters shine and the action-humor combinations will leave you smiling always and laughing often .
We start with carefree exhilaration . ... But - wages of bingemanship - we then proceed to boorish silliness and finally stupor .
Thankfully never takes itself too seriously and is n't interested in bashing characters through buildings and streets like an out of control video game . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Director Peyton Reed tries to piece it together but there 's just no way to make the scenes with Rudd seem like anything more than a rejected Saturday Night Live skit .
Ant-Man is infectious , silly entertainment , a popcorn flick that knows what it is and does what it does to an intoxicating degree .
The second half of this nearly two-hour film is a pure delight - fast-paced and funny and filled with special effects and humor as great as any recent Marvel movie , with the possible exception of `` Guardians of the Galaxy . ''
Colorful and creative . One of the better Marvel movies . Paul Rudd is perfectly cast .
There are some clever and nicely conceived sequences , and some bursts of wit - though given the writing firepower involved , there should really have been more wit .
... it 's understandable why Edgar Wright might have wanted to keep it insulated ... - that Reed manages to make it feel that way most of the time even when it is n't is a deft feat indeed .
Just another run-of-the-mill Marvel origin story that surprises with bursts of flair and humor , as if remnants from Wright and Cornish 's script managed to fight their way into the final cut .
It 's `` The Incredible Shrinking Man '' via `` Them '' crossed with `` Toy Story '' set in a super hero world .
Marvel has n't made a movie this fun - this bright , this charming , this joyful -- since the first Iron Man , in which Robert Downey Jr. 's entitled smirk was its most lethal weapon .
Not only one of the more entertainingly human fantasies to come out of the studio , but it also defies the bedrock fanboy aesthetic that you do n't want to merely watch the superhero-you want to be the superhero .
Yawn .
The movie 's almost self-deprecatory sense of tongue-in-cheek humility is matched by the fact that all the pleasures it affords are very small indeed .
An enjoyable , intermittently inspired effects-driven comedy and a welcome antidote to the over-burdened world-saving that seems to define big-screen superhero stories .
A movie that feels like it came off an assembly line , which makes it that much stranger when it keeps attempting comedy . Aw , look , the widget has jokes !
Although Ant-Man is superficially shackled to the necessities of the MCU , it 's snappier , lighter , and sharper than Marvel 's more overblown films of late .
For the comic book geeks , this is manna from cinematic heaven . As for the rest of us , this a lesser but fun effort .
Glides us over trouble spots in tone and pacing . The little bastard from Marvel 's second-tier gets the job done .
Like `` Guardians of the Galaxy , '' last year 's off-brand Marvel hit , `` Ant-Man '' dabbles in the bright , playful colors of the superhero spectrum , reveling in moments of cartoonish whimsy and smirky humor .
When your most memorable character turns out to be Thomas the Tank Engine , featured in two hilarious scenes , you know your picture about a tiny superhero has big , big problems .
`` Ant-man '' is proof that pretty good things come in small packages .
Rudd acquits himself well in his superhero debut , and the finished product is Marvel on Training Wheels , an introduction into the superhero universe for the youngest moviegoers ...
To find a smarter bug-man saga , you 'd have to go back to `` The Metamorphosis . ''
It chugs along happily enough , but never kicks into the higher gear you keep waiting -LRB- and hoping -RRB- for .
One of the summer 's most entertaining ... one of only a handful of comic-book movies to transcend the limits of that increasingly cookie-cutter genre .
With its small-scale action and tongue-in-cheek irreverence , Ant-Man is a welcome relief from the large-scale destruction and save-the-universe shenanigans of recent superhero movies .
A looser , funnier and lower-stakes story than Marvel 's typical world-ending spectacles .
Certainly someone with more action experience could do justice to the character 's flexibility and sense of honor . In Reed 's hands , `` Ant-Man '' feels about as small as its main character .
` Ant-Man starts weak , but finishes strong . What starts as a drizzle becomes a hurricane of action and special effects as ` Ant-Man ' kicks into high gear during its second half .
Ant-Man is n't so much watching , as living through Weekend At Bernie 's . Peyton Reed and co. come and parade the soulless and lifeless corpse of an Edgar Wright film .
Ant-Man cares more about setting up the future than addressing the present , and for that , Paul Rudd 's best efforts as the wise-cracking insect companion are overshadowed by what 's to come .
Poking fun at itself while still treating it 's subject matter with respect is no easy task , but the stars handle it magnificently . `` Ant-Man '' is one of the most unexpectedly fun rides you can have in the MCU ... or anywhere else for that matter .
The tie-ins with the MCU are abundant but we never feel like `` Ant-Man '' is leaning on it 's big brothers too much ; as a stand-alone movie this is the very reason I go to the theater at all : great action , big laughs and entertaining as hell .
If you can hang in there an hour and a half , this latest Marvel installment does , finally , deliver . But why do we have to wait so long ?
From the bongo-heavy heist music , to the deft sight gags , to little details like the scratches Scott Lang leaves while he 's tiny , there 's no shortage of great stuff to see and enjoy - no magnifying glass required .
Ant-Man fits neatly into the overall Marvel formula , even though it follows the beats of a traditional heist movie .
As it dutifully marches toward its special-effects-driven conclusion , Ant-Man has enough charm to be engaging if not particularly memorable once the end credits roll
When it 's on its game , Ant-Man does some of the best stuff ever in a Marvel movie .
You ca n't have a good Ant-Man movie without a good Ant-Man , and in the genial and charming everyman Paul Rudd , the filmmakers have done it right .
Funnier than Trainwreck and far better-told than Avengers : Age of Ultron , as most movies are .
The best thing about `` Ant-Man '' is that , for much of its running time , it does n't seem like a Marvel Comics superhero movie . The worst thing about it is that it eventually does .
It 's delightful and almost miraculous the way this movie manages to work as a comic heist picture on a huge scale , and with a comic science-fiction picture blended into it ... while managing to cohere to the whole , you know , Marvel thing .
The finale is something else - a symphony of comedy and action mayhem that outclasses every single second that comes before it . Nothing else in the movie even comes close .
Ant-Man is an entertaining blend of a superhero origin story and a caper film , the funniest and most grounded Marvel movie to date .
With its playful use of scale , Ant-Man drops a dollop of Lewis Carroll whimsy on the usual clashes of good and evil .
A funny and fast-paced superhero film that serves as a welcome breath of fresh air compared to the typical end-of-the-world summer blockbusters .
If more of these would include nods to the Wallace and Gromit short ` The Wrong Trousers ' then a future of endless Marvels would n't seem so grim .
Ant-Man emerges only as a minor hero - fine for occasional gags and cameos in upcoming Marvel ensembles , but undeserving of all this attention . And his movie feels , not like a well-deserved launch , but a contractual obligation ...
Ant-Man is , well , OK , and maybe that 's enough . I wanted more , and those moments where it looked like I was going to get it , only to have things not quite come to fruition , makes the film as frustrating as it is enjoyable .
This is the sorbet . Imperfect and perhaps creatively-compromised , Ant-Man nonetheless reinvigorated me , and , for the first time in a while , made me ready for more . No small feat .
Like all great heroes , Ant-Man arrives in the nick of time ... for an entire genre .
Powered by Rudd 's goofy , good-guy sentimentality , Ant-Man filled me with something that 's become a rather rare commodity in superhero movies : joy .
Never thought I 'd type this about a comic book movie , but Ant-Man needs to take itself more seriously .
Half-assed mentions of the Avengers , as well as a few cameo appearances sprinkled both within the feature and in its credits stingers , exude less shame than a crowd-pandering politico .
Comic book movies are getting pretty deep into the B-list . So whatever its B-movie charms , this one never feels like it can play with the big boys .
Funny , charming and very family friendly , Ant-Man is a solid debut for what will almost certainly develop into a meatier and more assured trilogy .
Ant-Man has a suitably small-scale story for its tiny hero , which was a breath of fresh air when compared to the other more bloated entries in the MCU .
The plot 's the same old thing . Mad , mad , mad , mad science ; imminent apocalypse ; parent/child issues ; blah blah blaggidy blah . The tone of Ant-Man , however , is relatively light and predominantly comic .
Refreshingly simple and loads of fun , Ant-Man maximizes on its point of difference of its smallest super-hero by coating it with lots of laughter and a likeable vibe
It has a big heart , it 's a lot of fun , and that vibrancy is infectious .
The narrative is leaden and lumpy in a way that suggests prolonged script-tinkering .
A charming and eccentric heist film with a great sense of humour .
Marvel 's tiniest hero stars in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's smallest movie so far , one that loses Paul Rudd 's charm among familiar comic-book action .
The comedy is muted , the action scenes are slick but forgettable and the character 's USP is largely wasted .
It 's a heist movie . That 's all it is , a fun heist movie with powers and explosions and awesome costumes and ant armies . It 's also extremely well directed .
In the end , it may be more comedy than grand superhero epic , but Marvel and Disney should still be laughing all the way to the bank .
It is refreshing to encounter an action-adventure with a Lilliputian lightness of touch . The downside , though , is that Ant-Man seems very insubstantial fare by comparison with Iron Man , Captain America et al. .
Ant-Man is the first Marvel film - and the first of this summer 's pixels-go-kablooey time-wasters - to get better as it goes .
Brisk humour , keenly felt dramatic stakes , and invention over scale . You know : small pleasures .
One of the few Marvel superheroes you 'd happily take down the pub .
-LSB- Snapping -RSB- from big to small to big to small , special effects transform Rudd into a micro-Bruce Lee . He appears to be having a blast . I know I was .
The Ant-Man movie is nonstop exposition up until the third act , so about 90 minutes . What fan of anything would want a whole movie explaining how it works ? You want to see it in action , not spend the whole movie trying to convince nonbelievers .
Extremely likable , with a few moments of proper wonder .
Reed might lack the pop-art pizzazz and unruly ambition Wright might have provided -LRB- yes , that 's a lot of `` mights '' ... -RRB- , but he nails the comedy/drama/action balance and slam-dunks the set-pieces .
Reed and Rudd 's film is proof that no matter how silly some ideas sound at first , good things often do come in small packages .
Even with such a weird concept about a guy who can shrink and then communicate with ants ... there 's way too much that feels familiar here .
Clunky and strange but refreshingly simple .
As generic as comic-book movies come .
You can see , especially in that final , hilarious mêlée scene , where Ant-Man could have gone right . -LRB- Where it could have gone Wright ? -RRB- But the film is too timid to fully take the wilder turns , to become its own distinct creature .
Watching it is like channel-surfing between Hot Fuzz , a duff early 90s Michael Douglas drama and the very schlockiest bits of Interstellar .
Ant-Man works within the framework of the larger Marvel Cinematic Universe , but also delivers a streamlined , fast-paced , lively and -- frankly -- utterly charming story .
Even the jokes that do work leave some laughs on the table , and the impulse to play things safe proves emblematic of a film that shrinks in the face of a challenge .
Serves up jokes that do n't land and thrills that do n't thrill .
Not only working as an out and out comedy , Ant-Man proves its originality by being the first heist movie included in the Marvel franchise .
It all adds up to a film that is just so much brilliant funtimes .
Marvel 's `` Ocean 's Eleven '' meets `` Iron Man '' mélange does have its fleeting pleasures , but is ultimately a minor , milder MCU effort .
There 's no sensitivity , no eye for movement , no feeling for the way a camera can create emotion out of nothing , no heart beating beneath its celluloid skin .
Marvel has done it again ... It 's delightfully unexpected in its willingness to scale down , yet in doing so shows us how remarkable and important the smaller things in life truly are , after all .
Free of the bloated running time we 've come to expect from summer movies , it 's a hugely entertaining superhero comedy that 's a refreshing break from Marvel formula .
Succeeds well enough as a genial diversion and sometimes a delightful one , predicated on the rarely heeded Hollywood wisdom that less really can be more .
Jokey rather than funny , and a bit forced when it 's trying to be sincere , Ant-Man has plenty of enthusiasm but not a lot of inspiration , Reed unable to conceive the film in such a way that it establishes its own niche in the big-screen Marvel landscape .
Although the story dynamics are fundamentally silly and the family stuff , with its parallel father-daughter melodrama , is elemental button-pushing , a good cast led by a winning Paul Rudd puts the nonsense over in reasonably disarming fashion .
-LSB- A -RSB- lesser entry in the Marvel series , but hardly microscopic .
A better than average caper with some really great performances and unique style that also further expands on the breadth of the Marvel Cinematic Universe .
It could have been a lot worse and that in itself is a small miracle .
Ant-Man is thematically thin , but it uses its small size to its advantage , crafting a winning comic adventure with spellbinding special effects .

@highlight

Led by a charming performance from Paul Rudd , Ant-Man offers Marvel thrills on an appropriately smaller scale -- albeit not as smoothly as its most successful predecessors .