The film is terrible , and should be avoided .
While some of the effects are alright , the Nemean lion that Hercules battles in one scene looks comical . Hercules , looking like a beefcake at a toga party , starts using his superpowers only towards the end of the film . Too little , too late .
This film should be removed from theaters as soon as possible to avoid damaging the brains of people who have the misfortune of seeing it .
Lunkhead Kellan Lutz is the demigod 's density in Renny Harlin 's 300-lite , MST3K-ready retelling of the classical legend . Think Jesus with muscles , by the power of Greyskull .
There 's nothing here to engage the viewer or make them care one iota about what 's occurring on the screen , making it no wonder that this got dumped into theaters in the middle of January .
The film opens on a huge battle in the Greek city of Argos , but it often ends up feeling like the director bought it cheap at the high street namesake .
Even dental extraction is more enjoyable to endure than this artistically bankrupt misfire .
No one seems to have high hopes for it - though it might well help to pass a wet afternoon when it shows up on Netflix 15 minutes from now .
This lousy attempt at a revival is n't even good for camp laughs .
The lore of Hercules has spanned centuries , yet it 's unlikely to ever see a more generic treatment on film than that of Renny Harlin 's overblown origin story .
Somehow more cartoonish than Disney 's version , which actually was a cartoon .
A low point is when Hercules kills the Nemean lion , who seemed to be minding his own business in his forest ; not cool , Herc , even if he was all digital and as fakey as those stuffed cats they used to throw at Steve Reeves .
A misfire from top to bottom so complete that even when you think you have a handle on all the ways it can be bad , it pulls out another one that 's even worse .
Mythical tale is violent and poorly executed .
This origin story of the great hero Hercules -LRB- Lutz -RRB- of Greek mythology lacks even one semi-decent action piece .
Essentially a Monday Night Raw episode with mythological dressing .
Boldly unimaginative and ferociously derivative
When awfulness reaches a certain point , it achieves unintentional hilarity .
Tepid and tedious with acting so ludicrous that it 's laughable .
Through the centuries , the legend of Hercules has survived . It will survive the splat of this big B.C. cheese ball , too .
Harlin 's '90s heyday of crafting fun fare becomes that much more of a distant memory .
The best that can be said of this latest take on Hercules is that it is over fast , .
The dialogue is n't dubbed , but is written and delivered so indifferently that it might as well have been .
-LSB- Other `` Hercules '' movies -RSB- at least nodded at classical mythology . Harlin 's boasts a Hercules in name chiefly and banks on moviegoers ' ignorance .
It delivers what it promises , which is muscular guys in skimpy clothes fighting and howling , as well as some large-scale digitally enhanced battle sequences .
The Legend of Hercules may not track , but Harlin still knows how to set up a rousing circus .
The film has that one slo-mo trick and milks the cow until there 's less beef than a Wendy 's Jr. . Bacon Cheeseburger .
The only legend this film adds to is that of January 's legacy of awful movies . You just should n't do this to people .
Ode to a Grecian turd .
It 's a summer blockbuster wannabe that opened in January instead to recoup the piece of its $ 70 million budget that it can . The film self-professes its primary character as a legend without making him feel like one .
More accurately titled ` The Letdown of Hercules , ' this Greek drama offers up threadbare characters and an excessive amount of slow motion .
The kind of resolute badness that makes you idly wonder if you should n't just slip next door to catch the end of The Hobbit .
Harlin makes the genius move of surrounding Lutz with actors who are worse than he is , so the lead does n't look so bad .
An early frontrunner for 2014 's funniest credit : Ironing by Bogdan Lambev . Mr. Lambev could 've done worse than keeping loincloths clean and pressed . He could 've been one of four writers who smoothed out this mythology 's coolest , campiest wrinkles .
The whole thing is a total bore .
The Legend of Hercules is a total clunker .
Legend Of Hercules mostly just looks rushed and cheap , only coming to life in a handful of fight scenes , and then only briefly .
You could ask for more -- an actual script , maybe ? -- but Harlin covers most of the basics . Or , perhaps more accurately , he leaves them uncovered .
Not a terrible movie as much as a redundant one since we 've already seen much of the source material and most of that does it better than this mostly ripped-off cliché fest .
The Legend of Hercules should be stirring and formidable but instead proves largely lifeless and ludicrous .
The only thing epic about The Legend of Hercules is what a failure it is .
It 's amazing to think there were grown-ups behind the making of The Legend of Hercules .
A chintzy , poorly acted origin story of the legendary Greek hero that blatantly mimics its genre ancestors while drenching its action in corny 3D and CG-enhanced slow-motion .
After this ridiculous , boring , occasionally laugh-out-out worthy catastrophe of a flick , I 'd be fine without going back to the Hercules well again for some time .
Abominable even for a Hercules movie ... If this were truly the stuff of legend , that word would have the opposite meaning of what it 's supposed to .
The look and feel of a B-movie with none of the edge that sometimes makes that genre more fun than the pricey studio alternatives .
Legend of Hercules feels like a glorified Syfy movie that lacks the cheekiness necessary to make the whole experience a so-bad-it 's - good B-movie viewing .
Cross-pollinated by sword-and-sandal flicks 300 and Gladiator , this Hercules ca n't muster the visual punch of the first nor the character depth of the latter .
This painfully feeble version of the strongman story fails on every level , from Lutz 's wooden acting to the styrofoam special effects .
Everybody seems to have been cast based on their ability to either stare blankly , or to scream , often at the heavens .
If there were any reservations about just how bad of an actor Kellan Lutz really is , The Legend of Hercules more than confirms it .
... it 's hard to imagine anything being worse than this week 's repellant 3D wasteland The Legend of Hercules , a movie so ugly and woeful that you 'll wish you had superhuman strength to pluck your own eyeballs out of your head .
The best way to describe ` The Legend of Hercules ' is as the fake movie that teenagers in movies go to see .
With an unbalanced story and an even worse 3D conversion , The Legend Of Hercules is an abysmal production that feels hours longer than it should - like an undesirable chore .
I am now staking my claim that despite the fact that I have seen no other 2014 movies , none of them will be worse than this .
It 's a mystery why Harlin and his writers decided to eschew all the juicy bits of Herculean lore for this dull idealized interpretation .
There 's nothing mythic about this Hercules .
Played with an earnestness that 's positively deadly , this unholy mash-up of ' 300 ' and ` Gladiator ' ... seems to drag on for an eternity .
It is n't very good ... yet for those able to remember what it was to be like to be an 11 year old at the movies on a Saturday afternoon , it is not without its charms .
The story is a hash of beefcake mythology , the dialogue a steady dribble of earthbound utterance , the sword-clanging action a master class in un-excitement .
The cheesiest , most self-serious sword-and-sandal fight-fest you can imagine . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The strength they showed by managing to sit through this thing puts that of Herc to shame .
Bad casting , a story which dismisses legends for battles and gladiator arenas , along with artificial looking sets , obvious matte backgrounds and lousy special effects all add up to laughable tedium .
It 's difficult to even discern what the appeal is , but if you like choppy action sequences , hammy acting , and are completely bored out of your skull ... no , I ca n't even recommend it then .
Given its virtuous subject matter and the relative bloodlessness of its violence , perhaps Renny Harlin means for this film to be a means of atoning for his previous cinematic sins .
While the role may not call for a master thespian , it at least begs someone who can emote without looking like he 's straining to execute a dead lift .
If The Legend of Hercules were just a little more inept or over-the-top , it might have been ridiculous fun . ... Unfortunately , Harlin embraces the mediocrity of the screenplay with a dour straight face , draining it of any enjoyably camp possibilities .
The labors of Hercules have never been this laborious .
Painfully derivative and miscast up the wazoo , this effort to return mythical majesty to the multiplex triggers more yawns than cheers .
There 's just so little to be enthusiastic about a film so laughingly bad and perfectly underwhelming . On the bright side , we 've already got a strong contender for worst film of the year .
It was clearly aimed at the intellect of the typical 13 year-old male movie viewer -- as are most movies these days -- but this one missed . It comes closer to the intellect of a patch of fungus .
Bloodless , brainless , and overloaded on male brawn
The first train wreck of 2014 is a labor of incompetence not even Hercules ' strength can overcome .
On every level , `` The Legend of Hercules '' lives up to all that one fears about January film releases .
Has a whiff of the Augean Stables about it -- if you catch my drift .
Drab , washed-out cinematography , poorly staged action scenes , incompetent acting , bad hair , terrible computer effects , and dialogue that lands more heavily than Herc 's punch .

@highlight

Cheap-looking , poorly acted , and dull , The Legend of Hercules is neither fun enough to qualify as an action movie nor absorbing enough to work on a dramatic level .