-LSB- A -RSB- stonishes with me its simplicity , its uncomplicated wisdom , its visual salience ...
The lessons are unsubtle and the pace drags near the end , but Naji is wonderfully expressive , the production design is top-notch and the Iranian countryside is gorgeous .
A touching tearjerker that 's also a celebration of traditional values against the dehumanizing tendencies of modern urban life ... with even the most obvious moments saved by an underlying sweetness and poignancy .
Achingly poetic in a way that recalls the Italian neo-realism of The Bicycle Thief .
At times funny , sad , poignant and suspenseful , Sparrows is a showcase for Majidi 's masterful storytelling -- and Naji 's superb acting .
At times tedious but ultimately beguiling , Song of Sparrows morphs from a sly dramedy about running a household into a fable about two ways of life -LRB- urban and rural -RRB- that ca n't coexist .
It 's sweet and has some sublime , poetic moments .
... a very satisfying , sobering and hopeful film ...
It 's likable , but missable .
The images in The Song of Sparrows have a poetic grace that 's to be desired in storytelling .
The goldfish flopping in the sun is an image typical of Majid Majidi 's films , fable-like and seemingly simple even as it is also complex .
takes place a half a world away in a land of ostrich farms and refrigerators delivered ... on the back of a motorbike , but Karim 's foibles , his worries and joys , will be recognizable to anyone ...
It is somehow congenial to feel that we are watching a tale that could have been told elsewhere .
Delicate and sturdy .
The Song of Sparrows is a sweet and uplifting humanistic fable that celebrates the joys of community and pastoral life over a harried and materialistic urban existence .
This is the fourth collaboration for Naji and Majidi , and the actor and director feed off each other creatively , pushing the boundaries of the characters each time .
A leisurely and lovely picture , well worth seeing .
From a cross-cultural perspective `` The Song of Sparrows '' gives essential voice to the impoverished peasants of rural Iran .
The story is so well told that the symbolism supports rather than sustains the plot .
Occasionally drags , but feels refreshingly down-to-earth and has enough gentle humor , striking visuals and thought-provoking use of symbolism to be mostly compelling and amusing .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Majidi is a master director of tear-jerkers , and he proves true to form with Sparrows .
If you can look past the almost silent-era sermonizing of The Song of Sparrows , you can see something else at work here , and deeper things on view .
Another gem about spiritual renewal by the great and sensitive Iranian director Majid Majidi .
As unabashedly sentimental as The Song of Sparrows often becomes , this simple fable of a righteous man 's relationship to his family , his community and most of all his faith has the force of conviction .
A parable of corruption , catastrophe and eventual redemption . Mr. Majidi 's tale was n't meant to be timely , of course , but the shoe fits , and the film wears it well .
While the film incorporates a touch of neo-realism , Iranian director Majid Majidi is n't aiming for miserablism ; his beautifully austere morality tale is more a sun-parched version of a different well-known story .
a greatly satisfying parable of happenstance
The film is pleasingly meandering , till the more typically Majidian soulful and teary-eyed climax .
It 's a homily about the ethically and spiritually corrupting influence of the city , and of that milieu 's capitalist ethos , straight out of an Industrial Revolution-era sermon .
Majid Majidi 's lyrical , gently comic The Song of Sparrows grounds its low-key humor in the realities of poor , semi-rural Iranian life .
People of faith will see divinity in The Song of Sparrows , and the rest of us the presence of something greater than ourselves , a perfection that can only be understood in observation of another person 's life .
President Ahmadinejad should take a lesson on kindness from this sweet Iranian film .
-LSB- A -RSB- lovely , metaphoric tale about not letting the things you own , own you .
Moving and entertaining in a modest way ... it 's nice to have a reminder that America does n't have a monopoly on sweetly uplifting movies about life lessons .
The story , spiked with gentle humor , moves smoothly through the standard tropes of Iranian art house cinema .
With this simple story of real-life comedy and drama , plus those small moral decisions we face every day , Majidi gives us a warmly involving and entertaining look at the earthy humanity of life in Iran
Beautifully crafted , often sentimental , sometimes humorous pic .




@highlight

A heartfelt , affecting parable , The Song of Sparrows is another gem from Iranian director Majid Majidi .