Although Roscoe Jenkins does n't pretend to break new ground , it makes its `` honor your past '' tale fresh and funny .
great performances that will have the audience thoroughly entertained .
Like a lot of Hollywood filler , Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins ' mandate seems to be to entertain and satisfy as many people as possible by sticking to a tested and proven formula , the result of which is it does neither particularly well .
Good cast ca n't save stereotype-laden comedy .
Easily Lawrence 's best starring role . But keep in mind that 's only compared to his other movies .
All this said , there 's a not bad movie inside of Welcome Home , visible in the quiet center provided by Margaret Avery .
For all the comedians , there just are n't enough jokes unless you are shooting for the revolting variety .
Uneven , tasteless and just not all that funny , ` Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins ' is another non-stellar vehicle for Martin Lawrence .
If Lee had actually directed his performers ... Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins probably would have been a better movie . But frantic flailing is n't consistent forward motion .
Actors such as Michael Clarke Duncan , Mo'Nique , Mike Epps and Cedric the Entertainer have been persuaded by writer-director Malcolm D. Lee to do crass routines that should have gone out with minstrel shows .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins feels like a rudimentary retread of previously outrageous `` black attack '' farces ... needlessly cluttered , unfocused and pointless ...
a cast full of talented comedians and a director who obviously does n't mind watching his cast go way over the top in search of raucous and randy laughs
Crosses the worst of Tyler Perry 's ` old-fashioned values ' preachiness -LRB- minus the religious stuff -RRB- with the leering crudity of the standard Martin Lawrence vehicle .
This is a loud , stupid , cliché-riddled mess .
I laughed harder watching Norbit .
Ugh . Just ugh .
Not even a soulful soliloquy before the closing credits about the importance of family could undo the damage already inflicted by this impressively pointless minstrel show .
Seriously , do you have to laugh at rib jokes ? Do you really ? All right , if that 's what you want , do n't worry . Hollywood will keep making these movies as long as you continue to support them .
The internecine clash depicted between coastal elites and down-home folk goes beyond race to address universal themes about culture and family , so it 's more than a guilty pleasure like sweet tea .
... recycles so much material it 's a wonder the film stock did n't turn green during filming .
A talented comedian , Lawrence has leaned all too easily on formula for his successful films . Imagine if he would test his flair against original and fresh premises , instead of the tried and trite .
There 's little to distinguish this oddly mean-spirited comedy .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins reinforces the sense that movies are not about real life but about other movies .
It 's not bad -LRB- but if you wait and spend a couple of bucks to rent the DVD , it 'll probably seem even better -RRB- .
Sometimes , with a film like this , one grabs for anything potentially redeeming . It does n't happen here .
The message - stay true to your roots - is solid , and -LSB- director -RSB- Lee gives his outstanding comic cast some sharp one-liners , but he undermines the effort with crass humor , mugging and slapstick .
Hollywood , which spent most of the last century ignoring the black family , seems determined to spend most of this one showing the same black family . Over and over .
Possible signs of the apocalypse : a rain of fire , return of the Messiah , my enjoy ing a Martin Lawrence comedy .
It 's a cut above other films of its type because every scene is packed with ... touches that suggest that the filmâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s writer and director , Malcolm D. Lee , is working overtime to smuggle life into formula .
Spiking sentimental family values with crude hilarity is n't the recipe for an award winner .
Modestly budgeted and massively dumb , Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins belongs to the sassy sistas and blinged-out playas school of comedy -LRB- maybe it 's a preschool , come to think of it -RRB- .
Writer-director Malcolm D. Lee sets out to prove that you can go home again , but the lesson apparently is that it 's going to be painful for everyone involved -LRB- audiences included -RRB- .
Tyler Perry-style family comedy has a shortage of laughs , a plethora of sitcom stupidity .
One of those heartfelt but dubious films about the importance of family .
Lawrence -LSB- has -RSB- rarely been more appealing . That 's partly because this latest incarnation of his usual persona is more vulnerable and likeable , but mostly it 's a relief not to see him strain so hard to Bogart all the jokes .
A large , talented cast is mostly wasted in Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins , one of those movies Hollywood cranks out to celebrate the down-home charms of small town life by exposing the vapidity of showbiz and celebrity .
The movie ditches clever for crass : Mo ` nique and Mike Epps , as opportunistic cousin Reggie , provide most of the downhome and dirty entendres . Less ` nique would have fixed much of what ails this movie .
The movie hurts .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins imagines slapstick farce as feel-good dramedy , which is to say , it 's an unhappy -LRB- and largely unfunny -RRB- marriage of two movie types that do n't really go together .
Truth be told , everyone and everything about Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins is pretty unlikable .
The film gets mired in pointless , drawn-out jokes about bodily functions and sex between pets .
if this film does n't kill your taste for Martin Lawrence , you 'll get him again next month when he stars in the sure-to-be-dreadful College Road Trip
I prefer my Martin Lawrence humiliated , emasculated , and speechless ... a slightly ludicrous , slightly bloated , but overwhelmingly good-natured comedy of the broadest kind .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of the absolute worst movies ever produced by the hands of humans ...
... this is n't Thomas Wolfe , but the cycle of rejection and reconciliation does feel a little like a gloss on You Ca n't Go Home Again
A rancid , unfunny disaster full of embarrassing performances and shamefully simple-minded comic notions .
Watching this picture is akin to two hours of being beaten over the head with a rubber chicken peppered with razor blades , and by the time it was over my head hurt so bad it would have taken a whole bottle of aspirin to make it go away .
Each year , I happily endure much at the movies that most people are smart enough to avoid , and I am telling you that watching Lawrence here is a punishment .
Funny people abound , such as Cedric the Entertainer , Mo'Nique , Mike Epps , etc. , but their antics ca n't save this lazy , bloated , stupid affair .
Faithfully and fatally committed to producing a gross out comedy that undeniably grosses
for anyone wondering where the well-made , expertly-acted comedy went to , Roscoe Jenkins is a `` welcome '' return for the cinematic form .
Writer-director Malcolm D. Lee wraps a soft and gooey message in a thick crust of crass slapstick .
There are a lot of outrageous , raunchy , and insulting comments from caricatured family members , but , surprisingly , considering that most of them are played by stand-up comics , very few actual jokes .
It 's true , writer/director Malcolm D. Lee does pound home a few life lessons , but it mostly comes at the expense of animal attacks , farts , and all-around comedic laziness .
Malcolm D. Lee directs in the semaphore approach to comic performance : playing every gesture big enough to be seen from miles away .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins overstays its welcome by about 30 minutes .
A few laughs and a lot of hyperbolic shtick make this a little better than formulaic before the standard-issue resolution .
A frenzied comedy promoting the family values of loud , obnoxious and mean .
It was bad enough when Martin Lawrence humiliated himself in such noxious comedy hits as Big Momma 's House , National Security and Wild Hogs .
It 's a cynical attempt to plunder your wallet with broad buffoonery you can see for free on TV .
Writer/director Malcolm D. Lee delivers a relatable comedy that drops viewers off in this family that just happens to be African-American .
We 're starting to think Martin Lawrence 's presence might not be a sign of quality .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins is a happy surprise of a movie , a heartfelt comedy that probably should n't work , but does . -LRB- Would it have hurt to add a comma to the title ? -RRB-
Nothing , not even the voice of Darth Vadar himself , can save this family comedy from a too-silly script .
Roscoe Jenkins labors too hard to wring too-few chuckles .
An in-your-face double helping of fat jokes , crude slapstick , wacky Southern-black stereotypes and occasionally inspired improv .
Roscoe Jenkins works best when it aims lowest .
If the idea of watching Martin Lawrence getting used and abused appeals to you , then Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins is the movie for you .
It 's capable at times of real subtlety and warmth and humanity , but not confident enough in itself to stay away from fart jokes or empty acts of sassiness for very long .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins leans too heavily on bruising slapstick for easy laughs , with Lawrence absorbing blows from most of his family members , when mosquitoes and skunks are n't getting in on the action .
It 's impressive , actually , that Lawrence lets this film 's supporting players steal so much of his show -- as movie stars go , he must be a pretty secure guy .
Even when the movie 's overplayed or undercooked , its roughhousing energy grows on you .
Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins is -LSB- Lawrence 's -RSB- latest starring vehicle and yet another that drowns any comedic talents he once had with a cliché plot and hollow character arcs .
Noisy , scattershot Martin Lawrence comedy has a promising setup , and then simply stops trying .
You can often gauge how desperate a comedy is by the number of attacking animals it features .
It 's not half bad , largely because it places an absolute premium on brash , bawdy humor .
If you thought National Lampoon 's Vacation films were at least okay , then Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins is a decent enough way to spend two hours .
The movie makes it abundantly clear that Roscoe should have gone home again . Unfortunately , what 's equally apparent is that you should n't go with him .
You find yourself reliving many of your family reunions while watching this comedy , many of us having suffered through the same troubles .
Uninspired sitcom about a man visiting home to a family that disrespected him as a youth .




@highlight

Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins has moments of comic inspiration -- and long stretches of overdone slapstick .