An unabashed melodrama , one that obviously wants to have its finger on the pulse of today , yet unafraid of pulling tricks both sincere and comical .
`` Dormant Beauty '' is well-written , beautifully performed , and nicely made , if a good 15 minutes overlong . But we could n't help but feel , given how controversial it proved in advance , that it should 've been willing to go a little closer to the edge .
Bellocchio may sometimes shut these characters in their rooms , but his view of them all is as open in mind and spirit as a film can be .
It 's well acted and gorgeously and tenebrously shot .
Despite the awkward narrative structure , the choppy film serves as a welcome showcase for ably understated performances from veteran Toni Servillo and rising talent Alba Rohrwacher , and a coolly burning Isabelle Huppert .
The film pits their honest passion against the stylized desperation of the actress ' religious theater and the decadent hollowness of Berlusconi 's political theater .
If `` Dormant Beauty '' does not rank among Mr. Bellocchio 's best movies , it nonetheless still occasionally shows him at his best .
Unlike most movies that rely on TV-news reports to drive the story , Dormant Beauty is complex and humane , and never shrinks to mere spectacle .
The result is one huge cinematic morass of gloom , largely unleavened by any redeeming humor -- however black -- or true empathy .
Though the movie eschews facile sloganeering , few of its characters or narrative threads are able to develop beyond their function as metaphors .
Like Bellocchio 's draggy , overrated Vincere , this movie wants us to believe in its depth , while mostly just skimming the surface .
Swift and often compelling , it 's also blessedly unbiased .
-LSB- A -RSB- tough , poignant drama ...
Do n't let this one slip through your fingers .
Dormant Beauty always comes back to the difficult decisions that family members have to make for each other , contrasted with the huffiness of outsiders who try to project their own beliefs onto someone else 's business .
Itself the object of political wrangling , Beauty has numerous scenes of enormous power , though removing one unnecessary plot strand would allow deeper probing elsewhere .
Despite some moments of quirky brilliance and strong performances from Toni Servillo and Alba Rohrwacher , the heart of a TV melodrama beats beneath Dormant Beauty 's pale arthouse skin
With typical intelligence and complexity , director Marco Bellocchio weaves three stories around the politically hot topic of euthanasia , turning a real-life Italian national drama into engrossing narrative for sophisticated audiences .
The film puts too many elements into play , which means it ends up darting hopelessly between a series of underdeveloped storylines .
Not an advocacy film in the conventional sense but one that deals with the ethical and spiritual paradoxes of Italy 's version of the Terri Schiavo controversy . Brilliant filmmaking as always from Bellocchio .
The Vesuvius of social-psychological potboilers . All the screaming and twice the anguish of the average Italian movie .
A refreshingly mature , non-adversarial take on its subject .
The pitiful stories that satellite this main strand drag the film down to the level of daytime soap opera .
The `` what were you doing when ... '' conceit of Dormant Beauty suggests a nostalgia and a veneer of social importance that the filmmaker shrewdly belies throughout .

@highlight

As complex and compelling a work as its ripped-from-the-headlines storyline deserves , Dormant Beauty serves as a delightfully thorny testament to director Marco Bellocchio and his talented cast .