It 's mostly the Pitt show .
Because of Sorkin 's powerful script , the film becomes more than just a baseball story .
Academy Award-winning screenwriters Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin dissect the game into an intriguing underdog story .
Okay . Let 's get this right at the beginning . I liked Moneyball ... But hear me out . Moneyball could have been great .
Like a long , boring game of chess , where hopeful baseball players are discarded as effortlessly as a pawn and a knight , Moneyball fails to provide the sentiment it needs to inspire audiences .
The stats do n't add up .
There is Rookie of the Year , Angels in the Outfield and Major League levels of feel-good inspiration at play , with an added layer of realism and intelligence .
` Moneyball ' is right on the money , and hilarious . It 's humor consists of uniformly understated , impeccably timed deadpan throwaways that come in under the radar and leave the audience roaring .
By keeping it all low-key , with the big moment followed by reflection rather than celebration , Moneyball avoids becoming a self-congratulatory fairy tale .
It is , in fact , quite a good movie . I do n't think it is entirely subversive to suggest that it might have been a little bit better .
`` Moneyball '' ultimately leaves you with goose bumps all over , except not the good kind you get from a rousing crowd-pleaser .
A movie about baseball that contains surprisingly little baseball , it 's more like The Bad News Bears with an economics degree .
Moneyball is a winner , one of the freshest and smartest sports movies in years .
Directed by Capote 's Bennett Miller , this is one helluva good sports movie . It 's a terrific movie , period .
Writer Aaron Sorkin works best at auctioneer speeds , and some of the best scenes involve Pitt 's character working the phones , calling and stalling other teams ' managers , trading players like a used-car salesman .
This is a baseball story that 's less about game-winning hits and more about people willing to challenge the establishment .
Brad Pitt is at the top of his own game as Beane . Cocky and often nonchalant , he is gnawed by doubts that he tries to cover by grabbing a snack or pitching a grin .
That such a literally spreadsheet-intensive story could register real human thought and feeling at all has to count as some kind of triumph .
Moneyball is a great sports movie , yes , but it will also cross audiences . It 's one of the year 's finest .
Moneyball looks like an underdog sports movie , but it veers away from the path usually followed by films of the genre . My suggestion is that you set aside any preconceptions and just go with the flow .
Australia may not exactly be mad for the game , but I suspect - I hope - that the latest film from Bennett Miller -LRB- Capote -RRB- will inspire a few more people to become immersed in it .
A well-written and incredibly smart film about baseball .
The film tries to coast on its charm without asking much of its audience .
Moneyball is n't just a great baseball movie ; it 's a great movie about baseball - and there 's a difference .
A thinking person 's baseball movie .
Great performances , exciting moments , and creative cinematography make Moneyball a home run for both baseball and movie fans .
With its wonderful performances and well-written script , `` Moneyball '' is one of the better sports movies of recent years .
Moneyball is more interesting than your typical sports drama thanks to the direction . Bennett Miller takes a rather grey , cement-enshrouded setting and gives it a little pizzazz .
The end result mirrors the actual season Moneyball depicts , a memorable run but a loss in the final game played .
A fine , strong , adult movie , and its theme can easily apply to any number of other walks of life .
Even when delving deep into stats talk , one does n't need to be at all interested in baseball , much less sports geek minutiae , to be hooked in .
The process of winning
The cast compliment the writing , with Pitt and Hill nailing every golden line they were handed .
Moneyball is , in the end , undone by its excessively subdued atmosphere and pace ...
I could n't take my eyes off of it , and as emotionally interior and as dialogue driven as much of it the whole thing ends up being as thrilling as a big budget action blockbuster and as compelling as your typical star-powered Hollywood melodrama .
With razor sharp wit and delivery , Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill are sensational together , hitting Moneyball clean and out of the park .
I enjoyed this film ... with certain reservations .
Two features into his directing career , Bennett Miller has managed to refresh not only the traditional biopic , but the inspirational sports drama as well .
Jerry Maguire just got some overdue company with Moneyball , which features Pitt and Hill in perhaps their most likable roles .
Keeps the economic talk in check and brings the human drama to the forefront .
One of the ten best films of 2011 .
You do n't need to know the first thing about OBP or OPS to get caught up in the drama . This is a classic underdog story that just happens to have baseball as its backdrop .
full review at Movies for the Masses
A highly detailed , fascinating slice of baseball history , ` Moneyball ' will appeal to both sports aficionados and those -LRB- like yours truly -RRB- who are not . This is the true story of how a manager met the challenge of a small budget and beat the odds .
While its compatriots focus on strength , Moneyball celebrates strategy , recounting the unlikely true story of how brains triumphed over brawn
` Moneyball ' Shows What You Can Tell .
A wordy but well-paced and thrilling film , closer to co-writer Aaron Sorkin 's The Social Network than previous baseball-themed big hitters Bull Durham or Field of Dreams .
Fascinating , moving and very funny to boot , this will entertain both those who love the game and those who say : `` It 's just Rounders ! '' Brilliant .
Consistently exciting and highly intelligent , as you might expect from a script by Steve Zaillian , who wrote Schindler 's List , and Aaron Sorkin , who created The West Wing and won an Oscar for The Social Network .
Pitt is terrific as the film 's complex , driven protagonist , and he and a heavy-hitting supporting cast , including Philip Seymour Hoffman 's stubborn coach , take Aaron Sorkin 's smart script and knock the ball right out of the park .
I had been reduced to a slobbering gushy mess by the end of this gloriously entertaining movie even though I 'd spend the entirety of the running time before this marveling at how this is the least sentimental baseball movie ever .
Thanks to the strange kind of alchemy that makes films as joyously unpredictable as any evenly-balanced sporting fixture , putting Pitt in a baseball movie pays off with remarkable results .
It 's an engaging , almost exotic film .
Brad Pitt in a dugout . Oh dear ; oh dear . Here is baseball , reel upon reel and inning upon inning .
What we 're left with is a sporadically entertaining mess . Moneyball is unsure about what -LRB- if any -RRB- risks it should take .
The mark of a truly great sports movie is one that appeals to people who do n't like sports .
An accomplished , bracingly intelligent film that scores points on all fronts ...
It 's the best film about statistics you 're ever likely to see .
Impressively directed and sharply written , this is a hugely enjoyable , largely cliché-resistant sports drama with great performances from Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill .
A topical corporate shakedown story that anyone can relate to in this day and age , and it 's all down to the Pitt-Hill chemistry that keeps you engaged .
Even if you 're not at all familiar with the story , this was bound to happen , as they were hardly going to make a film about a losing team .
While making no effort to explain the terminology - mathematical or baseball-ical - the script throws enough fastballs to keep even the most ignorant of us Limeys entertained .
As an example of smarter-than-average Hollywood fare - and a sly dig at modern sporting politics - ` Moneyball ' has all the key bases covered .
You do n't need to understand anything of baseball to get behind this , a chest-swelling story about second chances and flipping a finger up -LRB- even a giant foam one -RRB- to The Man .
Based on Michael Lewis ' nonfiction book , this film is written , directed and played with both intelligence and emotion .
Possibly the smartest , sharpest baseball movie since 1988 's Bull Durham .
America 's favourite past time is turned into a numbers game , as tradition clashes with progression in the baseball drama Moneyball .
A sports movie about disappointment and falling just short . Manages to make the dealing , stealing , and brain-wheeling in stadium offices enthralling .
Though it ca n't top the source material , Moneyball the movie is much like the undervalued players -LRB- misfit toys , as they 're described -RRB- that Beane hires to populate his team on the cheap : it gets on base every time , and is occasionally exceptional .
Moneyball is a restrained drama with moments of unconventional excitement .
Of course it 's a story of the little guys taking on the giants but it 's so much more . Even if you do n't like sports movies you 'd be hard pressed not to enjoy this one .
A fascinating and entertaining peek inside the part of big-time sports that we rarely see and an odd couple 's determination to think outside the batter 's box .
Despite the hoopla surrounding its premiere at this year 's Toronto International Film Festival , this fact-based baseball drama remains a rather dry , if serviceable , affair .
A sharp , shrewd and satisfying film about winning , losing and playing the odds , when the odds are playing statistics instead of relying on conventional gut instincts
It reeled me in very quickly with its interesting story , a few surprising twists and an unexpected number of laughs .
Despite being a tale of the front office , it also works as a tale of the haves vs. the have-nots , and rarely panders to its audience , putting it in the higher eschelon of sports-underdog movies .
There are lots of films about baseball and only a handful of films about mathematics -- even fewer showing mathematics in a favorable light .
Bracingly brainy
Does a crowd-pleasing job of drawing out the drama , tension and subtle sideline shadings of a story that is essential built on a high-stakes game of numbers .
More closely resembles The Social Network than it does can-of-corn horsehide epics like Field of Dreams or The Natural .
I kept hoping for something about the film to surprise me . Very little did .
Brad Pitt is having a really good year .
Like a businessman settling into his recliner after a hard day 's work , Brad Pitt has slid into middle age with an ease that 's both pleasurable and enviable to watch .
... is n't really a baseball movie , or even a sports movie - it feels more like a smart procedural from the '70s .
One of the most fascinating star turns of the year .
unfolds smoothly as the kind of baseball movie that even those who could n't care less about baseball will find engrossing
A winner .
Tasteful , entertaining , but not entirely satisfying . ` How can you not be romantic about baseball ? ' Beane asks , twice . A more relevant question might be : How can you be romantic about sabermetrics ?
Recognizes that sometimes , happily-ever-afters are more complicated than uplifting Hollywood films can manage .
Pitt is mesmerizing -- he 's high-strung and laid-back all at once . It 's an Oscar-worthy performance .
Do n't be surprised when Brad Pitt 's name is announced in the Best Actor category .
It is not easy to make a film about quiet courage and unassuming heroes like these , but this film rises to that challenge and hits one right out of the park .
Brad Pitt may be the big draw but it is Jonah Hill 's performance that gives the film its flavor . And when they are both on screen the movie is at its best .
One of the most soulful of baseball movies -- it confronts the anguish of a very tough game .
Immediately one of my favorite baseball films , as well as one of my favorite Pitt performances . Only time will tell if I can delete ` one of ' from those sentences .
Moneyball is an impelling triple . It 's smart , agile , and effective . But it 's anti-climactic . Director Bennett Miller and writers Sorkin and Zaillian could swing for a home run , but instead they settle for a base on balls .
A tender reminder that the heart sometimes still matters even if we now live in a technology-driven , Digital Age where machines lead and humans follow .
It 's the movie baseball hot stove and transaction junkies have been waiting for their entire lives .
A sports movie that gives us something more than a key win to root for , but its extra-innings length takes some spin off the ball .
It really really all comes down to one star banner : Brad Pitt unfurled .
An entertaining look at what could have been a very dry subject .
Baseball , for better or worse , has always held itself to greater importance , suffused with the history of the nation itself .
A decent baseball pic , which is rare .
I 'm not sure I 've ever seen a sports movie quite like this , and that 's a major compliment .
the unfathomable blend of chance and expertise at work do more than dazzle , they explain why men and women will surrender their lives to a dream .
Moneyball soars , not on game footage , but on Beane confronting the naysayers , or working with Brand to bring his unorthodox methods into this most orthodox of sports .
Far more than a baseball movie , it 's already generating terrific Oscar buzz .
... holds its characters and the implications of its story at a cool distance .
Moneyball is a film about losers , but when those losers do manage to pull out a win , it 's truly something to cheer .
Like The Social Network , the zeitgeist is palpable in spite of the story 's stark insularity -- virtually nothing and no one exist outside of the ballpark in Moneyball , but you still feel you have a stake in the outcome .
Like the 2002 Oakland A 's , Moneyball is far from perfect . It has some great moments , but there are plenty of losses along the way .
For all the concentration on numbers , the film never loses sight of the fact that this is a game of people .
If you want action and chills during the big game , Moneyball comes in under par . But , if you 're okay with a behind-the-scenes look via deliberate conversations , it opens up a new wing of the genre .
Just like any baseball game , `` Moneyball '' has its slow points . But while you 're waiting for something of substance to happen , there are plenty of worthwhile glimpses behind the scenes of a low-budget baseball club to keep your interest .
The real protagonist of Moneyball , however , is Beane himself , played with great charisma by Brad Pitt .
Now if only Zaillian and Sorkin could work their magic and make the actual game of baseball that exciting .
Brad Pitt knocks it out of the park in ` Moneyball ' .
-LSB- Pitt -RSB- provides ballast and a swaggering humor to a movie that , too often , strives to be The Social Network of baseball movies .
Pitt , who has a producing credit , is not the sole reason this tremendous -- yet intimate -- sports tale soars over the fences . The bench is deep . And the script has a powerful but finessed swing .
Moneyball turns an unlikely subject interesting , making a professional sport the nexus where past and future collide .
The entertaining banter between Pitt and Jonah Hill is n't quite enough to make such an insular world compelling .
Moneyball is exactly like moneyball -- infused with intelligence , amusing in its attacks on false gods , but way easier to admire than to love .
The best baseball movie since Bull Durham -- albeit still a notch below that movie 's league .
Moneyball is a rare beast : a sports film that is actually a good film .
Pitt takes one of the least showy roles of his career and turns it into one of his best .
With phenomenal performances given by its key leads , Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill , the film works on multiple levels and can be considered as one of the best films of 2011 . You do n't have to a baseball to enjoy this film . It 's pure , solid entertainment .
You 'll laugh quite a bit at Moneyball , snickering at the absurdity of the situations and the often more ridiculous responses . What you might not do is care .
It inspires because it says that sometimes overlooked people are worth a second look , without succumbing to a Disneyfied `` anything is possible if you follow your dreams '' trope .
-LSB- Moneyball -RSB- manages to make the analysis of stats a fascinating subject matter for a feature film .
Regrets , second chances and the intense pressures of professional sports collide in this terrific drama , capped by an excellent performance from Brad Pitt .
Sophisticated and hugely entertaining , with Pitt and Hill an unlikely but terrific buddy team . A delight even for someone who knows and cares next to nothing about baseball .
Fantastic , inspiring baseball drama covers all its bases .
The unlikely tandem of Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill helps drive what is arguably the most compelling and insightful baseball-themed film since Robert Redford launched a homerun into the stadium lights in The Natural .
It should be no shock that the film is intelligent and well-made , considering the source material ... What 's somewhat surprising is how engrossing a story about the business side of baseball can be ...
Pitt is outstanding putting his heart and soul into this Oscar-caliber performance . Hill offers comedic relief as the awkward , fish-out-of-water computer nerd . The hearty round of applause at the end of the advance screening indicates the groundswell of . .
It 's the best baseball movie since `` Bull Durham . ''
What is most maddening about `` Moneyball '' is that its Hall of Fame potential is squandered on crass sentimentality , a lack of focus and a exasperating refusal to take a hard look at the way the business of baseball is run today .
Coasts along the old-fashioned way : On great performances and a surprisingly engaging script
`` Moneyball '' is n't ultimately about baseball as much as it is an exploration of those who do and do n't adapt to change .
Brad Pitt rips through the dialogue in one of the easiest , funniest and most natural performances of the year . He and this movie knock it out of the park .
While the screen tells us it 's 2002 , the struggle to define ourselves within an economic chokehold could n't be more on the money right now .
A highly entertaining and smart piece of entertainment -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
Once I stopped pining for the movie Moneyball might have been , I settled in and had a good time with what it was .
A terrific film that makes a point about winning that is sophisticated and left me with a deep appreciation for anyone who tries to do something revolutionary and is afraid of failure but does n't let that fear stop them .
It 's hard not to be romantic about this film !
A well-written , sharply acted film that 's guaranteed to garner attention .
Brad Pitt 's the MVP here , of course , giving a great worn-down , tired-eyed , torn-in-too-many-directions performance , the kind they give awards to when it 's time for that sort of thing .
The great thing about this movie is that it works even if you do n't follow or care about baseball .
A smart , subtle and quotable tale that 's happy to take that familiar formula and give it frequent , unsentimental , but still satisfying , tweaks .
One of the most electrifying and entertaining movies of the year .
Naysayers have been claiming for years that the Moneyball book would n't work as a movie . But ultimately , it 's the cinematic touches that keep this film version from becoming something exceptional .
Moneyball lies at the intersection of math and baseball , where -- wait , come back ! It is n't boring , I promise !
Moneyball is slick and good-looking , and it feels alive to its very core .
Pitt 's grace under fire carries things along nicely , and there 's a fine supporting performance by Parks And Recreation 's Chris Pratt as uncertain first baseman Scott Hatteberg .
Like a cold beer under a bluebird sky ; like a flawless line drive on a warm summer 's day ; like a long , languorous seventh-inning stretch - `` Moneyball '' satisfies .
A crowd-pleasing baseball movie for people - like me - who do n't like baseball movies .
`` Moneyball '' is consistently entertaining , even if it does n't add up to much .
Director Bennett Miller wisely allows Pitt to dominate the movie with his irresistible charisma .
Proving second chances can happen `` Moneyball '' takes you on a joyous journey that makes it one of the top family films of 2011 .
... much of what makes it all work is Pitt and Hill , who have the kind of quirky chemistry that pops off the screen but always feels rooted in reality .
I 'm still wondering how people indifferent to baseball will respond to the story of the 2002 Oakland Athletics and their smartest-kid-in-the-sandbox general manager . But I will say this - the casting is strong , and the human drama has universal appeal .
Oscar season has officially begun .
A whip-smart , tough-minded treatment of the world 's most sentimentalized subject .
There 's nothing romantic about the behind-the-scenes look at baseball in Moneyball . It 's a story of negotiations , statistics , professional clashes , and inner turmoil .
it is Pitt who is in every way the heart of the movie , his natural confidence and grace a lovely balance to the formulas with Greek letters and the endless statistics .
Some might call it a thinking man 's sports movie , but that 's both untrue and condescending . It 's just ... different .
An inspirational story that brings everyone to the handrail cheering and clapping .
It takes a brave studio picture to recognize that there 's sometimes more to the sports genre than the common trifles and clichés audiences have been predisposed to expect these days .
Moneyball easily stands among the finest baseball movies around , though I admit that 's not saying a whole lot since competition in that category is fairly light .
This is a real Cinderella tale about a man whose vision brought his team from the bottom of the barrel to the top of the heap .
Miller , who earned a Best Director Academy Award nomination for `` Capote , '' keeps the tone of the film flowing seamlessly . He works in archival footage brilliantly , giving the game sequences almost a documentary feel .
`` Moneyball '' offers real drama that 's tied to both a big game and a big picture .
Has to be described as an example of what Hollywood does best .
It 's to the director 's credit , and Pitt 's , that Moneyball is anything but bloodless -- in its own quiet , unspectacular way , this movie courses with life .
It 's tense , strangely funny in a lot of spots and -- if you grew up loving old-fashioned , seat-of-the-pants baseball , as I did -- the most depressing movie of the year .
Moneyball astutely depicts money as the hot-button dividing line in our culture and reflects the value that true success comes not from wealth , but from having the vision to try something new , and the confidence to pursue it .
Smart , minor-key entertainment .
Baseball fans know this story , but Miller puts it all in fascinating context . This is a thinking person 's baseball movie , a more complex version of the inspirational sports story .
Starring Brad Pitt in top movie star form , it 's a film that 's impressive and surprising .
A deeply American film about a uniquely American sport in which a principled guy takes on the moneyed titans because he ca n't stand the unfairness of what they 're doing to the game he still loves .
This is a film about a guy fighting the establishment . I do n't think one has to be a baseball fan , or even know anything about it , to enjoy it .
Pitt 's Beane is as original a character as I 've seen in a baseball drama .
Moneyball should be a much better movie than it actually is .
It gives Mr. Pitt , who hurtles through the movie , a chance to scat like a juiced-up Ella Fitzgerald , working his phones and seemingly every other general manager in the country , as he transforms a new baseball philosophy into action .
Although you do n't have to be a sports fan to enjoy it , `` Moneyball '' is one of the best baseball movies imaginable .
the truest , most intimate underdog film in years .
A solid , bustling social comedy at the 130-IQ level , Moneyball boasts the zinging , stinging repartee of grown men working at a kids ' game and tired of being handed the prevailing line of bull .
... a smart sports film that 's as unique in its approach to the genre as Beane 's was to the sport .
`` Moneyball '' is a hilarious and provocative change-up , entertaining without feeling the need to swing for the fences .
To say that `` Moneyball '' is `` inside baseball '' is to undersell the idea of that sentence . This extraordinary hybrid of a movie lives and breathes the game , yet its achievement is bigger than that .
Dramatizing executives at their labors , even those privileged to bask in sexy industries like Major League Baseball , should n't make for scintillating cinema , but Moneyball , like the team it celebrates , finds a way to win .
Moneyball illustrates what can happen when a non-fiction book that 's more about ideas and processes is translated into a feature film .
Do n't be surprised to see Pitt in the best-actor Oscar race come the new year .
`` Moneyball '' exploits Pitt 's regular-guy likability without sacrificing the procedural elements or dumbing down the baseball .
Moneyball is a smart , funny , and thoughtful baseball movie that tells us more about what happens in the managers ' offices than out on the ball field .
The dramas and relationships that matter are off the field , and they sort of feel like Oakland A 's baseball - a lot of walks and singles , not a lot of home runs .
Even if you think you do n't care about baseball , I 'd urge you to give it a try .
A witty and captivating look at thinking outside the diamond .
On some level `` Moneyball '' is about loyalty : loyalty to an idea , loyalty to a partnership forged by desperation , loyalty to the values you believe in .
Moneyball is one of the best and most viscerally exciting films of the year .
Both a radical departure from the sports genre norm ... and an ultimate affirmation of the thrill of the game
`` Moneyball '' reminds us , in case we needed reminding , why Brad Pitt is a movie star .
A sharp , smart script ... manages to make -LSB- a -RSB- potentially dreary subject almost as fascinating as Sorkin did the world of computer programming in ` The Social Network . '
Everything in Beane 's story and in `` Moneyball '' could 've been rendered dull or sappy or both by a lesser director . It is , at heart , about a man out to redeem himself .
Geek-stats book turned into a movie with a lot of heart .
If you like baseball , you will love this movie . If you hate baseball , you will still love this movie .
It seems absurd on its face to convert Lewis ' tale of front-office wrangling into a sports movie , but Bennett Miller 's shrewd adaptation , scripted by Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin , turns it into Major League for stats wonks .
Pitt and Hill make Beane and Brand seem like the year 's most intriguing couple , bringing deep shades of humour and pathos to their characters that help make Moneyball more than just another sports or baseball movie .
A smart , intense and moving film that is n't so much about sports as about the war between intuition and statistics .
A wavering , intermittently smart story of daring to think differently that often flattens its narrative into formula .
Baseball teams have more than three players on them .
Miller does a great job of making number-crunching and deal-brokering exciting .
... has the snap and crackle of a timely behind-the-scenes documentary .
Like Billy Beane 's 2002 Oakland A 's , this movie may not be a total winner , but it sure offers up a lot of memorable thrills .
Baseball curses are tough to beat -LRB- as anyone in Boston can tell you -RRB- , and at least this one left us with a decent movie .
Sorkin 's dialogue in Moneyball is as brilliantly acerbic as it is in Network . Luckily so , because for a baseball movie , there is n't much baseball .
Moneyball is one of the few movies to leave me thinking `` that should have been a segment of This American Life . ''
-LSB- It -RSB- may be the first baseball film to tap into the thrill of strategizing - of manipulated cause and effect - as entertainingly as you 'd expect from a movie about chess or a casino heist .
A thinking person 's sports flick about the impact of the maverick Oakland Athletics General Manager on the game of baseball .
Who knew computer statistics , conference calls , and silent introspection could produce one of the finest baseball movies around .
Remember those old '30s musicals that generated sizzle out of backstage machinations , charismatic producers conning investors and starstruck unknowns hitting the big time ? That 's how Moneyball plays ...
Baseball is more than just America 's pasttime or America 's game . It IS America . Moneyball should leave outsiders more appreciative of the game through an exceptionally crafted piece of work and true baseball lovers in seventh heaven .
Not a typical sports movie , but a deep and probing film that gives us a glimpse at the high-stakes games that happen off the baseball diamond .
This is a subtle , elegant and altogether triumphant film about a subject I thought I was tired of , told with an artistry and freshness that is positively thrilling .
There 's no reason Moneyball should be remotely watchable , let alone freaking amazing , which it surely is
A baseball movie whose intelligence takes us backstage to hear sometimes electric conversations among the business people involved in America 's great pastime .
A feel good movie of the highest order , upbeat and positive , more of a really well done yet piece-of-cake puff profile than a great film .
It really happened , it 's really corny , and it 's really great .
Moneyball secretly injects the magic of baseball by way of laughs , tension , and really great dialogue .
Brad Pitt makes me almost like baseball . He 's endearing and insists on looking his character 's age .
Like the A 's themselves at this time , `` Moneyball '' has enough unlikely pieces that do work -- and it generates enough underdog goodwill -- to make you want to stick around for the final out .
The movie does n't quite come together , but it 's full of smart , cynical talk , and it 's very entertaining .
As much fun as a baseball movie ought to be but rarely is .
Credit is due to the most unlikely and surprising piece of this movie puzzle , Jonah Hill .
Given that Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin are two of the best screenwriters in Hollywood today , it 's no surprise that there is some great dialogue .
Brad Pitt anchors it with a performance that might be the best he 's ever given as a leading man .
Though more abstract than most mainstream films , Moneyball is still a movie that should appeal to a broad audience .
How do you make equations into compelling drama ? Answer : You ignore them and go on with the show .
The movie is n't about the love of the game as much as adapting to change , sticking to your guns , not letting conventional wisdom get the better of you . -LSB- it 's -RSB- rebellious anti-establishment story arc should make it a populist crowd-pleaser .
A rousing success , an intelligent and propulsive piece of locker-room drama .
Highly entertaining , especially for ballfans .
A smarter-than-average crowd pleaser . Hill and Pitt are fantastic .
Baseball movies are hit and miss , but this one is the shrewdest take on the game since Ron Shelton 's Bull Durham and it has appeal that reaches beyond the ballpark .
`` As is the case with most memorable sports films , Bennett Miller 's `` Moneyball '' engages , amuses and educates us with moments that happen off the field of play , rather than with what happens on it . ''
Brad Pitt is excellent as Beane , and he manages to give a largely internal performance that still communicates volumes .
Writers Steven Zaillian and Aaron Sorkin resurrect the old adage `` It 's not whether you win or lose , but how you play the game '' to drive this uncannily sharp , penetrating look at how Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane helped reinvent baseball .
While intriguing and beautifully presented and featuring a mature and compelling performance by Brad Pitt , Moneyball is oddly never as engrossing as the subject matter suggests it should be .
Those who enter the cinema unstirred by either the sport or by the joys of stats are unlikely to come out converts .
The movie does achieve something nearly impossible : Someone who does n't even like the sport may care about Billy Beane and the 2002 Oakland Athletics .
Best scenes in this fresh , fact-inspired , charming feature are between Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill , who -LRB- with justice -RRB- should get his first Oscar nomination . No need to know baseball to enjoy this entertaining but not great -LRB- it lacks cohesiveness -RRB- film .
May not feel quite like the classic baseball movie others have achieved , but it 's certainly pleasant enough to be enjoyable even by non-sports fans .

@highlight

Director Bennett Miller , along with Brad Pitt and Jonah Hill , take a niche subject and turn it into a sharp , funny , and touching portrait worthy of baseball lore .