William Maher 's melodrama is much too grim and bleak for even the most cynical viewer to enjoy ...
Each bend in the road positively screeches with the urgency of impending catharsis , but the film never earns its resolution .
The movie seems unusually honest in portraying the no-option existence of the working poor , but the story slips into melodrama in the last reel .
Taking its cue from the tabloids , this is yet another addition to that tacky category of scandal sheet cinema . Why do celebrities with charmed Hollywood lives imagine everyday people as a bunch of sleazy or dimwitted degenerates , misfits and assassins .
If you enjoyed MONSTER 'S BALL -LRB- it 's not as good as that one however -RRB- , you might find yourself pulled in by this moving drama .
The let 's - take-a-road-trip method of character healing has been done to death , but unlike Little Miss Sunshine , James & Tara are made up of more than just cute quirks .
Theron sneaks out the door roughly 1/2 an hour into the picture . What is the movie to do without her energy ?
Sleepwalking seems especially cruel to dwell on the bleak and cold at this time of year , when icy drizzle saturates the bones .
... a lifeless movie about uninteresting people .
Stylistically strange , sluggish and ultimately unsatisfying domestic drama .
It 's a film of mood -- and the mood is perfectly captured .
It 's all too aptly named .
Sleepwalking provides character arcs for its two protagonists but neither is as interesting or memorable as the performances warrant .
A girl abandoned by her mother , a father unable to offer anything but hatred to his own children -- these are narrative elements of potentially great force , but they play out here without much shape , definition or power .
The movie is so overly familiar , and its take on the dysfunctional family dynamics is so unoriginal , that the whole thing might as well have been titled Generic Bleak Sundance Film Festival Drama No. 500 .
The inherently uneventful nature of Stanford 's script becomes more and more problematic as the film progresses ...
It 's apparent some meaningful visuals are being approached here , but it seems like the film keeps missing its mark .
Not quite enough new here to make this film a hit , but enough of Theron , Hopper and Harrelson to make the film worth watching .
Zac Stanford 's screenplay works only as a theorem proving Murphy 's Law .
Portentous and dull , the film features one of the worst over-the-top performances by Dennis Hopper , who plays an abusive father . His role upends what could have been a mildly interesting family drama .
The cast is uniformly excellent , starting with 14-year-old Robb -- she makes a strong transition from child roles with her portrayal of the mercurial Tara .
Saddled with a title all too true to its somnambulist pace , Sleepwalking is a textbook case of a bad movie partially redeemed by good acting .
Sleepwalking is a slow-moving family drama guaranteed to induce a nap if not somnambulism .
The people never come alive , and the unremitting nastiness of the material is like being beaten with soggy towels for 90 minutes . Maybe another director and other leads might have helped .
Beware any movie that ends with a cliché as dire as ` Today is the first day of the rest of your life . ' What comes before that in Sleepwalking is relentlessly depressing .
It 's no easy task staying awake through Sleepwalking , a downbeat debut from Bill Maher -LRB- no , not that one -RRB- . Only a typically intense performance from co-star Nick Stahl offers the jolt needed to keep us alert .
Terrific performances and a bleak , riveting look at life on the economic fringes eventually gives way to an overly familiar tale of abuse , denial and catharsis that feels like warmed over Sam Shepard minus the poetry .
It 's more disjointed than stirring , more listless than wounding and mostly a misfire -- despite some memorable performances and the fittingly desolate backdrop of Saskatchewan .
The transparently familiar issues -- abuse , unemployment , parental neglect , promiscuity -- are stapled onto characters who never seem credible .
Despite its deficiencies , and the inadequate screen time allotted to Theron -LRB- who 's quite good -RRB- , Sleepwalking has a core of feeling . It 's about a do-gooder who , lacking all skills for it , does good anyway . His emotional odyssey has real poignancy .
The movie seems terrified of true psychological complexity or perversity . It 's less a family tragedy than a lousy country dirge .
Sleepwalking is a frustrating case because Stahl , Robb and Theron all give performances that are subtle , delicate and smart -- it 's just that they 're steamrollered by the movie 's relentlessness .
The cast performs gamely in this grim and gray affair , but with Stanford 's words and dead end story , the actors never really stood a chance .
Charlize Theron only gets better as an actress , and she certainly would n't sign on to a low-budget indie such as Sleepwalking without believing in the material . The material , alas , does Theron no favors .
Filmed mostly in winter , in browns , grays and soiled whites , Sleepwalking sustains a mood of unrelenting bleakness , wearing its aesthetic of desolation like a badge of integrity .
It 's a story , which is more than Snow Angels had . It 's still miserable lowlifes who ca n't hold menial jobs languishing in feeling bad .
-LSB- V -RSB- isually impressive but naratively underpowered ...
The direction is hackneyed with all-ponderous close-ups to guess the character 's ` deep , ' inner thoughts . It was unquestionably ` sleepwalking , ' which is a perfect description of any audience member who chooses to walk out on this one .
Fine performances - including a nasty turn by Dennis Hopper - rouse Sleepwalking from its slumber .
This entire movie is a country music song , and not one of the classics by Johnny Cash or Willie Nelson . I was waiting for them to get a pet dog , but be forced to give him the Old Yeller treatment !
Sleepwalking is an unfortunate title for a movie that appears to be doing just that .
The film is a dissection of damaged goods , but in place of a steady hand guiding matters to believable and sympathetic ends , director Bill Maher -LRB- not that one -RRB- takes the picture to unwanted extremes of behavior and guilt .
Well-intentioned to a fault , Sleepwalking blurs the line between dramatizing free-floating misery and spreading it .
Dennis Hopper just co-starred with Rainn Wilson in a parody of indie movie cliches for the Independent Spirit Awards broadcast , and , as it turns out , several scenes from his latest movie could have been included .
An inert , sloppily written melodrama as grim and featureless as its frozen Midwestern setting .
A small-scale family drama that walks the walk , but does n't seem to know where it 's going half the time .
There 's an inescapable sense that we 've seen this sort of dysfunctional family indie drama before , but ... Sleepwalking ultimately emerges as a solid example of the genre .
Mature adult drama sinks under its own weight .
Relentlessly downbeat , with a glimmer of a payoff in the last couple of scenes , Sleepwalking is a film that has ` indie ' written all over it -- for better and for worse .
If you had programmed a computer to come up with a movie that is nothing but a string of the deadliest indie-film situations and moods , you 'd have Sleepwalking , a soporific dud , which should have been tossed out of Sundance .
When you see how hopeless the lives of the American people have become in endless independent films that drive the movie audience away in mobs , you understand why the big , dumb action comics and Will Ferrell alleged comedies make all the money .
Sleepwalking stands as a heartening reminder that the future of American cinema may rest with those independent filmmakers working far from the bottom-line executives heading the shattered remnants of the old Hollywood studios .
We come to realize the trip is n't taking us very far and the engine of sympathy is running on vapor .
Theron and Woody Harrelson -LRB- as James 's party pal Randall -RRB- provide vitality against the film 's heavy load , but they are n't around long enough to keep it from collapsing under its own portentous weight .
The actors ' Herculean effort to extract meaning from their characters provides a few moments of relief from this troublesome story .
Every line is a Big Statement , every character has exactly one defining quality , and every plot development is cornier than the last .
As the abusive patriarch , Dennis Hopper gives such an atrocious , one-dimensional performance that he completely throws out of balance a family melodrama that has few artistic or psychological merits to begin with .
This is a breakthrough performance -LSB- for AnnaSophia Robb -RSB- that should do wonders for her career .



@highlight

Despite some sharp performances , Sleepwalking suffers from a grimness of tone and sluggish pacing .