The audience gasps in that odd mixture of surprise and recognition that great story-telling affords .
It 's a redemption song that could be stripped down into a Hallmark-esque distillation of `` City of God . '' Instead , it retains a minor key , with bullets , blood and beatings illustrating a descent into dangerous living while a baby 's presence suggests hope .
Fraudulent , patronizing , and empty
Gavin Hood 's Oscar-nominated tale about a young South African gangster who gets an unexpected chance at redemption is literally a world apart from anything produced by Hollywood .
... an emotionally honest tale of redemption that does not ignore the fact that we live in a world of cause and consequence .
The Johannesburg equivalent of any stateside gangster fairy tale , Tsotsi actually feels even more forced than Hollywood 's modern urban dramas .
Memorable , with a terrific performance by Presley Chweneyagae as Tsotsi that burns in its contained rage .
Do n't be fooled by the subtitles and the egg head accolades . This pretentious mess is just another country 's version of 50 Cent-style fare .
Un drama urbano duro y conmovedor , si bien algo previsible , con un estupendo protagonista . Una película realmente atendible que nos acerca al infrecuente cine sudafricano .
This powerful story , reminiscent of Dostoyevsky 's ` Crime and Punishment , ' is told with a minimum of dialogue .
This film won the Oscar for best foreign language film , and it is well deserved .
told with conviction and skill , and Chweneyagae 's expressive face and eyes reveal all the emotions , fears and hopes that Tsotsi can not articulate .
In the long run , the film may not entirely satisfy one 's intellectual curiosity , but it pleases the heart .
A chance for the stay-at-home world-travelers to catch sight of Johannesburg 's filthy sprawling township of Soweto .
It 's well-acted , beautifully photographed and meticulously professional .
Tsotsi remains at all times an intensely human story , one that transcends the particulars of its time and its place .
A film of extraordinary viciousness and vulnerability about a criminal who has to meet an infant to remember he is still a child himself .
Without cheap deceptions , clever editing , plot conveniences or overt exposition , the film pulls you in and keeps you there on the merit of the story 's substance .
But by placing the tale in contemporary Soweto and Johannesburg , South Africa , Hood imbues the film with a sense of authenticity that makes the movie seem more moving than manipulative .
Gavin Hood , adapting playwright Athol Fugard 's 1980 novel , sweeps us out of our comfy seats and drops us into the stark realities of an impoverished world ruled by those most bold and ruthless .
Newcomer Presley Chweneyagae is stunning as Tsotsi ; it 's one of the most affecting performances of 2005 .
It is Tsotsi 's own unresolved infantilism that is the story 's true Baby On Board .
It is a first peek at a South Africa that does n't need a Hollywood studio or Hollywood stars to present itself to the world , or to come to grips with itself at home .
Stirring performances and well-aimed filmcraft .
Tsotsi makes its bid for youth appeal with a fair amount of violence and a soundtrack partially made up of Kwaito music ... Ultimately , though , it boils down to a conventionally humanist coming-of-age story .
The film lost me there -LRB- it seems much more likely he would simply have left the baby in the car -RRB- , so what follows did n't work for me either . But if you can buy the premise , you may enjoy this film .
What Tsotsi fails to explain is how the mere introduction of a baby can melt the cruel cycle of criminality and disregard for others .
With lively pacing , superb performances and a candid yet forgiving heart , Hood has created an inverse fairy tale that is never less than absorbing .
... a movie that brings new urgency and emotional impact to its age-old tale .
Like its source material , Athol Fugard 's novel , the film is a moving , thought-provoking examination of decency and responsibility .
A manipulative piece of heavy-handed hokum , Tsotsi would n't get a second look if it were in English and set in an American slum .
Brilliantly acted , especially by star Presley Chweneyagae , who makes Tsotsi 's journey toward redemption a truly mesmerizing -- and , at times , nerve-racking -- experience .
Achingly simple , perhaps simplistic , yet Tsotsi 's hellish shantytown speaks volumes of the environment that would produce such a brute ... In Chweneyagae 's cold-blooded stare , director Gavin Hood distills his story down to a chilling iconic power .
Even though its emotional state is sentimental and its narrative arc predictable , Tsotsi is buoyed by fundamental decency that makes such things forgivable .
Manufactures sentiment with disarming grace .
Presley Chweneyagae excels in this hard-hitting urban drama , South Africa 's answer to `` City of God '' -LRB- not that anyone asked the question -RRB- .
Unabashedly poignant , it 's a moody , gritty gangster saga with a stark sense of reality .
A profound film that grabs you by the throat and holds you hostage until the end credits roll .
As the movie does n't shy away from much real feeling , its shortcuts can be forgiven .
banal project that leaves more demanding viewers empty
A confused and improbable redemption song .
An extraordinary and gritty contemporary portrait of ghetto life set amidst the sprawling Johannesburg townships .
Hood lets his story tell itself . Tsotsi creeps up on us and is all the more devastating because we do n't see it coming .
Unfolds in such clear-eyed , powerful fashion that its characters become unforgettable , and the movie lands a big-time emotional punch .
To feel the full power of the movie 's wrenching story , you must not rush to judge or embrace young Tsotsi . He is an enigma whose journey is the story .
A deeply moving portrait of a human being , suffering in life and not having any handle on how to deal with it . It 's tragedy , not melodrama .
Tsotsi , which hits obvious marks , is not a great film . But it is a firmly memorable one , with or without an Oscar .
With a predictable and borderline manipulative plot , Tsotsi depends on strong performances for its impact , and its cast delivers .
The picture can be squishy and obvious . Yet it works , thanks to Gavin Hood 's straightforward , sensitive direction and his star 's emotionally charged performance .
The movie 's selling point is the subtlety with which it spreads around its empathy .
The film succeeds at creating an unforgettable character study of one soul at the brink .
While Tsotsi may not break new narrative ground , it infuses a familiar story with rare intensity and feeling , as well as a palpable sense of place .
Hood 's film , with its bold , beautiful cinematography and hard-thumping kwaito music , brings us into a different world , and then helps us to understand it .
This deceptively simple movie brings to mind Italian neo-realist classics of the 1940s , and Presley Chweneyagae , an amateur actor , is wholly convincing as the disoriented Tsotsi .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Hood gives the film energy by its unexpected locations , a score both jolting and soaring , and a carefully constructed screenplay that makes everyone in this film a dimensional , complicated character .
It lays a stark narrative that 's devoid of sentimentality but stoked with emotional power ; without getting maudlin , it will tear you to shreds .
Tsotsi never lets go of its edge , and that edge draws blood .
It is to -LSB- director Gaven -RSB- Hood 's credit that he does not over-sentimentalize Tsotsi 's story , nor does he glamorize thug life like so many American films do .
Oscar was right . It 's a winner .
We 're not used to bad guys with redeeming qualities . And that makes Tsotsi as disquieting as it is intriguing .
For all its dark edges , Tsotsi comes with a silver lining making it worthy of its squirmy ride .
Hood maintains a constant level of tension , aided considerably by Cheweneyagae 's magnificent performance .
Important and vital -- if a little heavy-handed .
Expertly told and beautifully shot , Tsotsi will find its place on plenty of year end lists . It deserves every plaudit that comes its way , and your attention .
An affecting film about sorrow and triumph that delivers redemption by the shovel-full .
Chweneyagae skulks with awesome menace , a cauldron of simmering rage and frustration and a performance of real skill , carrying the film effortlessly through to the nail-shredding conclusion .
That director Gavin Hood , who wrote the script from a novel by playwright Athol Fugard , could get you to care so much is a mark of the heart that went into making the film .
The movie 's heart , along with -LSB- director -RSB- Hood 's refusal to sugarcoat the grim reality , wins you over no matter how many times you 've seen this story told .
The film is worth seeing , for its faces and its evocation -- not without melodrama , yet not without impact -- of a harsh but not hopeless slum life .
It 's a solid , earnest drama of moral redemption that places old cliches in an unfamiliar setting .
Hood was fortunate to find such a marvelous canvas in Chweneyagae 's face .
... a thug-rehabilitation movie that goes to exaggerated lengths to redeem its criminal antihero .
While some of the scenes are a bit melodramatic ... -LSB- Director -RSB- Hood does a terrific job drawing the audience into Tsotsi 's world of violence , anger and , eventually , growth and maturation .
Tsotsi does more than illustrate African hardships . It 's a powerful appeal for us to appreciate the value of every human life , from infants to hardened of criminals .
What a simple and yet profound story this is .
A mixture of thrilling documentary-style realism and Hollywood hokum , Tsotsi leaves you all but tasting the orange dust of Joburg 's shantytowns and moved by the harrowing journey Tsotsi -LRB- Presley Chweneyagae -RRB- is forced to take .
If Hood 's direction were anything more than blatantly cruel and crushingly obvious -- or if Chweneyagae were capable of more than one expression -- the film might have a reason for existing .
Based in Johannesburg , the film centres on Tsotsi and is group of aimless , destructive and ignorant buddies .
This is an uncommonly moving film , with almost no fireworks to highlight the parts that are supposed to be moving .
The violence makes Tsotsi 's character a little more challenging to embrace and makes the transformation tougher to achieve , but it 's more rewarding in the long run .
At the heart is a breathtaking performance by South African actor Presley Chweneyagae .
Tsotsi presents a world of terrible beauty , where humanity struggles to breathe despite all attempts to snuff it out .
Its plot , updated from Fugard 's 1950s settings , reduces moral issues to pointlessly simplistic levels . Using a baby to redeem a criminal is neither realistic nor honest , especially as it 's enacted here .
-LSB- A -RSB- devastating vision of harsh life in the townships of Johannesburg ...
The last few moments of this film are deeply and memorably moving .
Director Gavin Hood , along with cinematographer Lance Gower , bring us another exquisite and meaningful film .
It 's worth remembering the kids in the pipes , who show up only for this instant and then vanish again , seeming slivers of narrative background , tossed like dice into a distressing nowhere .
... -LSB- a -RSB- reflective and raw South African gangland melodrama . Deeply poignant , frightening and absorbing ... a wonderment of emotions and redemptive solitude .
It 's a nasty little film , but well worth the slog
Gavin Hood keeps the movie moving at a breezy , unsentimental clip with a fast-paced , gritty style similar to City Of God .
Originally set in the 1950s , Tsotsi 's story was updated to the postapartheid present to prove a sharp point : For many black South Africans , little has changed .
Yes , it 's beautifully photographed , and at times we truly feel the struggle presented before us , but Tsotsi is also problematic and frustrating .
The protagonist 's epiphany seems less the organic product of converging circumstances than the dictate of movie convention .
Tsotsi gets its message across without pandering to the audience . It has a keen sense of subtlety that 's often lacking in social awareness cinema .
A cascade of sentimentality straight out of Hollywood . Not even Chweneyagae 's excellent acting or Lance Gewer 's dark photography can save the film .
This Oscar-nominated film convincingly celebrates the embers of decency that can be found in fires that are all but banked .
The details of township life , in all their violence and quotidian drudgery and bursts of lost child playfulness , ring persuasively true .
This film is a notable achievement for all involved .
Hood avigates this mine field with sure instincts ... He does n't tell , but shows ; his characters never become too lucid or articulate , avoiding the danger of didacticism or moralizing .
Tsotsi tells a life-affirming story , but Gavin Hood 's punchy direction avoids sentimentality .
Like all expert adaptations , Hood has looked at his source material and seen a world beyond the words .
Consider the difference between a complex environment and a simpleminded movie set within that environment .
Everything here is either too pat or too cute .
Our protagonist may want to give the appearance of being heartless , but the script is stacked against him .
Tsotsi can be abrasive stuff , but the fierce , internalized salvation of the title character is a true inspiration , and makes for a resoundingly compelling South African treat .
After ... the powerful 15-minute opening , it 's a long road ahead to redemption .
Whatever its weaknesses , Tsotsi is redeemed by its excellent performances .
Tsotsi is a compelling and uplifting tale of humanity and dignity in the starkest of environments .
Tsotsi , an Oscar nominee for best foreign-language film , is n't much different from every studio cautionary tale with an unhappy past , a criminal present and an unhappier future .
A handsomely mounted thriller about an ugly world pinned under the long shadow of apartheid .
Wearing its humanism on its sleeves , this melodrama about the redemption of a thug is the kind of middlebrow fare that appeals to Oscar voters , increasing its chance to win Best Foreign-Language Picture .
Gritty and disturbing .
More calculated than a Starbucks sampler CD , the picture could win the up-from-hardship award .
A heartwarming story of redemption sure to win anyone over by the end .
Who knew cold-blooded sociopaths were such softies at heart ?
That the story can be so easily transposed to the post-apartheid present day is one of the movie 's saddest inferences .
An emotionally honest tale of redemption that never forgets there are consequences for bad acts , even when those acts are committed before the arrival of salvation .
New-to-these-shores director/scripter , South African Gavin Hood , does a wonderful job adapting the novel by Athol Fugard , bringing to real life the story of `` Tsotsi . ''
carries a hopeful message of redemption and human decency while also painting a sad picture of the far-reaching effects of the AIDS epidemic on a country 's children .
The story 's lame , condesending objective dictates that bringing-up-baby histrionics will melt the savage beast .
This remarkable movie means to shake you , and boy does it ever .
This 6-day process in the transformation of a ruthless gang leader moved by an unexpected social attachment is a brilliant study of evolving character and visual artistry .
Possibly the best story of crime and redemption to come out of Africa .
Among the finest films ever to come out of Africa .
Writer-director Hood draws out the story 's stark themes with wit and feeling .
Athol Fugard , not an objective observer here , has written that `` Tsotsi '' just might `` rank as one of the best films ever to come out of South Africa , '' but he may be right .
A spiritually riveting film about a nasty thug in a Johannesburg shanty town whose violent and selfish life is totally transformed .
Fresh and vivid crime story set in South Africa .


@highlight

Chweneyagae 's powerful performance carries this simple yet searing tale of a shantytown teenager 's redemption .