This movie does not go the way you expect it to which is the best part . Again , this is n't so much about superheroes as opposed to the artists that bring them to life when they put on the mask .
Those who are dedicated to the art of making movies will go wild for all the acid references to the industry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... it is pure virtuosity , provocative , complex ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Birdman -LRB- or the unexpected virtue of ignorance -RRB- there is a lot of anger ... and that 's good in a world that has led us to not have it , to hide it , to disguise it ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... allows us to observe an outstanding Keaton in a character whose internal monologue should have many similarities with real life ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... Iñárritu frees himself from that ... which was gagging and oppressing his voice as narrator . This can be the preview of a new phase . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
To some extent , the plot is a commentary on the career of Keaton and Iñárritu . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Birdman is a rich , startlingly clever and multi-layered collage , with Iñárritu creating a meta-universe of mirrors and performances upon performances .
Under the detailed eye of Iñárritu , the cast play their roles with a naturalism rarely seen in modern mainstream film ; they 're expressions , gestures , movements and reactions are n't hinged on creating drama - Iñárritu lets his actors just be .
Birdman is never less than entertaining - brash , funny , fast-paced and a welcome return to the A-list for Keaton .
Birdman is a glorious run-on sentence of a film , a bizarre but welcome transformation in the career of Alejandro Iñárritu ... It contains multitudes , contradicts itself , and apologizes for absolutely nothing .
Describing Birdman in print only hints at its manic restless flow , driven by Antonio Sanchez 's score of weird drum soloing , the constant fluidity of Emmanuel Lubezki 's camerawork and the sharp one-liners .
... impossible to resist . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Birdman 's characters do not always find redemption , but Iñárritu 's faith in people has never been so convincing before . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Iñárritu surrounded himself with an exceptional cast ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... expertly acted and innovatively shot , it makes an excellent use of music , space , dialogue , satire ... everything ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just listing all of these materials already suggests the complex experience that Birdman offers ; Inarritu takes them and makes a movie that is thrillingly impossible to define .
Birdman offers more than one level of reading . -LSB- Full review in Spanisih -RSB-
Relentless and scathing commentary on acting , Hollywood , society 's obsession with mindless action and superhero movies , the seeming death of performance art , journalism , and essentially , the entire structure of movie-making in the current generation .
For all its carping about the virtues of unfettered creativity , Birdman is little more than a rote confirmation of what middlebrow artists and prestige-charmed critics already believe .
Birdman is a tremendous film . There 's no other way to put it . It 's an ASTOUNDING technical accomplishment and a genuinely affecting film that is funny , absurd , moving , and sad .
I expected the films content to be as dynamic as the aesthetic , instead what I got was a film that contented itself with portraying a surface-level story of a man pining for glory and allowing others to define not only its form but its terms and conditins
`` Birdman '' is a relatable tale of resurrection but told with a magical realism overlay .
It 's not perfect -LRB- it can be exhausting at times , actually -RRB- , but it says a lot about people , narcissism and the co-dependent relationship between actor and celebrity .
To watch Michael Keaton as washed-up actor Riggan Thompson is to watch Christoph Waltz in Inglourious Basterds : Men so electric on screen that every other particle within the frame dims in comparison
Birdman achieves the rare trick of being weighty and weightless . The acting ensemble is seamlessly daring ; the showy cinematics are seamlessly truthful .
What does matter is Birdman 's extraordinary originality , its intensity , its depth , its mixture of nightmare and fun .
A film that is tremendously self-conscious and at the same time makes fun of its pretensions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The credit for bringing out their humanity goes partly to the cast , of course , but it starts with director and co-writer Iñárritu , who can now find humor as well as heartbreak in the hopes , fears , and ridiculous dreams that make us human .
Part intense drama , part dark comedy , the fifth feature by the Mexican filmmaker Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu delivers the cinematic equivalent of a knockout punch .
The beauty of this film is that Thomson is not the only flawed character ; he is just the most prominent of them .
There are a lot of moving parts in Birdman , and Iñárritu does a superb job of keeping them together .
In the end , Birdman is the art film equivalent of Riggan 's Birdman movies -- more impressive for its effects than its meaning .
The zingers and comebacks just keep coming -- just as you are savouring one , another jumps out .
Birdman is equal parts funny , crazy , manic , beautiful , honest , and heartfelt .
Lots to unpack , lots to enjoy . Trigger warning : Jazz drums .
The refusal of the camera to cut from scene to scene despite the film taking place over days of rehearsal and performances lends the proceedings a dream-like quality .
A thunderbolt reminder of the kind of quick-thinking , quick-talking , quick-witted characters that Keaton used to specialize in , and Iñárritu finds the right style to showcase his gifts .
Packs motion picture , stage play , graphic novel , and gossip column into one surprisingly accessible 100-minute package , tying it together with ribbons of scalding satire .
One of the most dazzling , entertaining and mind-bending films of the year .
In terms of moviemaking , this is a high-wire act and all eyes are skyward on Mr. Keaton , who proves himself up to the challenge .
You never do find out what we talk about when we talk about love , but this wonderfully inexplicable movie is well worth adoring .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny , surreal and moving portrait of a Hollywood star losing his mind , as he attempts to rekindle his career by staging a play on New York 's Broadway .
Birdman never falters as a love letter to actors , people who paradoxically remove their masks when they step onstage .
Even when Keaton is transforming his character 's stock issues into ones that feel unique and genuine , he 's undercut by his director 's flashiness , right up to an on-the-nose finale .
The film is , in the end , like a roller-coaster ride : it 's dizzying and thrilling but you do n't go anywhere . It 's a series of such glittering but hollow exchanges between characters who always look and act like characters .
Birdman is desperate to be noticed , and if it throws up enough artistic flourishes , then perhaps you 'll give the picture the respect it craves .
The reason this all works remains Lubezki 's approach , which is the true main attraction of the show .
It 's a moonstruck olio of hyperbole , reality and alter-reality , and it plays together seamlessly .
The fluid filmmaking on show mirrors the movie 's dance of ideas .
When high style meets dumb ideas it can be hard to tell which way is up .
Inarittu 's wondrous ode to the joys of magic realism , the need to keep tilting at windmills , and the cinema of Robert Altman opens with an apparent one-shot sequence of several minutes that keeps whirling and swirling about in a hypnotic fashion .
It 's a riveting portrayal of a fading superhero star who is used as a prop to understand the workings of prestige , power games and how fame 's intoxication can soon wear out into futility and redundancy .
The two-hour movie may come across as a high-tech parlour trick to some , but Birdman soars even when its hero fails to fly .
Keaton 's performance works beyond its wink-and-a-nod to his own Batman history , and there 's even stronger work by Norton and Stone finding their own characters ' vulnerabilities .
The entire cast is first rate , but Keaton 's performance is one to relish and might just put him back on top .
This movie would be worth watching just for the actors , who are clearly kept on point by the long takes .
The ease with which Iñárritu blends comedy and tragedy is elegant and smooth , and the power with which he drives the film never ruins that flow .
Birdman is a strong critique of modern day Hollywood , dominated by franchises and superhero films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
But the film 's running gag - narcissistic , insecure and attention-starved actors - eventually becomes woefully one-note .
This weird , often bleak meta-whatsit might be the closest González Iñárritu can come to escapism .
Light as an anvil , Birdman is a sometimes dazzling , often infuriating act of gaseous virtuosity . I was never sure if I should applaud or roll my eyes . A lot of the time I was doing both .
Sterling performances , a thought-provoking premise and a gimmick that does n't feel at all like one .
Some of the big ideas about drama and about the viewing public hit home , and some get mired in soap opera .
Whatever the film ` Birdman ' is this unsettling black comedy , might be the greatest comeback by an actor in film history .
... if you 'd prefer to re-watch Tim Burton 's ` Batman ' than anything that wins an Academy Award , ` Birdman ' is NOT the movie you 're looking for .
It 's all a bit satirical . Or maybe not . Look , over there , Shakespeare in a superhero cape !
The theater world 's eloquent answer to Black Swan 's equally-surrealistic exploration of ballet .
Admirably daring and filled with wonderfully vivid performances , Birdman also feels at times more like an exercise in style than a genuine emotional experience .
Michael Keaton is astounding in this brilliantly conjured piece of stream-of-consciousness cinema by Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu ... Prepare to be enthralled , dazzled , delighted and disturbed .
Birdman is a one-trick pony of a movie , but what a trick . The technical achievement alone is immense .
The Birdman / Batman thing is a cool hook that ties in well with the public perception of Keaton 's career .
The humour and drama of Birdman are a slick delivery vehicle for a philosophically detailed existential crisis story , with life imitating art imitating life .
You are unlikely to see a better American film this year .
Hugely ambitious , rambunctious , loud and thrilling ; it takes risks at every step , and while not all pay off , most do in spades . It 's not always funny but when it is , it 's hilarious . It is also highly original - and that always deserves credit .
A journey of crisis and transformation as an ageing actor -LRB- Michael Keaton -RRB- battles colleagues , family and friends , but mostly his own powerful inner demons .
A superb examination of the pursuit of validation
Filmed like a play but choreographed like a dance , Birdman is cinematic ballet .
Surprising us most just when we think we know exactly what 's coming , combining humour , pathos , drama , magic realism and a potential bag of Oscars , Birdman is virtuoso filmmaking
AN incongruous , edgy and brilliant film from Alejandro Inarritu , whose dark comic tones agitate the unfathomable world of the creative actor . It 's a mind-blowing affair
Propelled by a jittery jazz drum score by Antonio Sanchez , Birdman hurtles at breakneck pace between farcical backstage comedy and neurotic fantasy .
Laments the current state of the film industry through a fantastic , intimate and trippy journey into the artist 's mind , where the battle between integrity and celebrity takes no quarter during an era of blockbuster movie dominance .
Make no mistake , there is magic here , and Birdman is definitely a must-see film .
Birdman is an overwhelming experience , a satirical assault on the senses that 's hard to believe even as it 's seen .
Despite its pretensions to be something more , the picture is most entertaining as a backstage farce .
Just as modern cinema seems resigned to cape-fluttering repetition , along comes something truly original . How often can you say that now ?
Iñárritu 's film is n't half as clever as it thinks it is .
What Keaton is up to here definitely issues some harsh demands . However , the pay-off is well worth sticking around for .
Birdman works best and lives longest in the memory , not as a formal experiment , but as an excellent trawl though the psyche of insecure actors .
It 's a film no one expected but one for which we 're utterly grateful .
Michael Keaton 's performance as ex-leading man Riggan Thomson sees this former star reborn .
Birdman has wings , for certain , even if you find the feathers sticking in your throat now and then .
Iñárritu serves up a truly fanciful production that is long on characterization but woefully short in the realities of the theatre .
Birdman is a tour de force , a heady mix of dark comedy and psychic meltdown with energy vibrating from every frame .
Birdman , more than most , seems a film that deserves a second viewing , not only to admire the work of Keaton and his co-stars , but to delve into its many layers .
Lubezki 's cinematography , paired with Antonio Sanchez 's jazzy , percussion-heavy score , creates an atmosphere of explosive tension that lingers strongly , even throughout Birdman 's more satirical and fantastical beats .
It 's a quasi-religious fable about a man haunted by the past and facing a profound moral and existential crisis in the present , and it 's a dazzling display of virtuoso cinematic technique and showboat performances .
Even if you do n't like Birdman , you will be unable to forget its unique ability to disguise meticulous , well-rehearsed craftsmanship as irresistible improvisation .
While Keaton is a tour-de-force , Fight Club star Ed Norton is similarly rejuvenated as co-star Mike .
It is a work of magical realism , or perhaps moderate insanity . And it will take your breath away .
What gives the film its magnetism is the eerie weightlessness of Iñárritu 's camera , gliding through walls and through time in a dreamlike stream-of-consciousness .
This thing flies , and even if its audience is reduced to looking up and pointing skyward , that 's a pleasure in itself .
Is Birdman an indictment of Hollywood for playing to the crowds ? That would be odd coming from a movie stuffed with camera gimmicks , eye candy , dirty jokes and stunt casting .
You ca n't help liking the mind or minds that thought the film up ; you would n't want to close it ; and you can bet money on seeing Michael Keaton , here in blisteringly inventive form , in the Best Actor suspects ' line-up on Oscar night .
It 's very rare you find a film unlike any you 've ever seen before , but Birdman , co-written and directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu more than fits the bill .
One of the most thrilling pieces of film craft that I 've seen so far this year .
Riggan is a gift of a meaty , unflattering role for any middle-aged actor , but feels absolutely tailored to Keaton 's strengths , and highly attuned to his career trajectory .
The characters in Birdman do n't always find redemption , but Iñárritu 's faith in people has never felt more real .
A near-total fiasco from a filmmaker bent on impressing the world with his prodigious talent .
With its cast as counterweight , Birdman moves from a clever ouroboros to a passion project , rendered with confident artistic flourish .
Birdman may well be one of the saddest , strangest , and most rewarding trips to the theater you 'll make this year .
While the script is funny and the characters interesting , I was n't particularly entertained by the inclusion of Birdman . Or least by so many inclusions of Birdman .
The more panicked and manic Riggan becomes , the higher Birdman soars .
Put it all together and you 've got the year 's most original movie to date .
It 's rare that a film can succeed on so many levels , but Birdman soars .
This is a strange and beautiful and unique film , one of the best movies of the year .
The effect is that of a single , continuous take . It 's balletic and bravura work from cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki ... But just as the camera floats along , so too does much else in this self-consciously clever film .
-LSB- Birdman -RSB- is audacious technically , and so meta it may well blow your mind , but it is also weird , maddening , wearing and exhausting .
The reason this scalding industry satire works as well as it does is because it has a grounding in some fairly uncomfortable truths about the movie business even as the plot indulges in flights -- literally -- of fancy .
It 's a pleasing irony that this study of one actor 's search for honesty has been concocted using a repertoire of visual sleights of hand . A philosophical rumination it may be but that does n't prevent it from also being an adrenalised delight .
Like all great art , it 's a journey into the heart of psychological darkness that sheds a luminous light .
There 's some great black comedy here , at times spectacularly cruel . The whole , however , is at least half an hour too long and stymied by pomposity .
-LSB- Birdman -RSB- perches adroitly between dark humour and darker despair and injects a familiar story of mid-life crisis with fresh vitality and emotion thanks to vivid flights of an intensely cinematic fancy .
Brilliantly acted , sharply written and astonishingly shot , this oddball drama is quite rightly being tipped for Oscar glory .
Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- is the sort of movie that ends up on a person 's favourite-movies-of-all-time list . It 's really that fresh .
-LSB- Keaton gives -RSB- a take-no-prisoners performance that 's as fearless , as exhilaratingly insane , as the movie that barely contains it .
-LSB- Birdman -RSB- is jubilant , a fantastic extended riff about people who righteously desire not just success , but a life that looks and feels like a work of art . And that 's a particularly relatable theme , in 2014 .
Even if it does n't live up to its festival reviews or its crazy possibilities , Birdman serves so many heady moments it qualifies as a bona fide happening .
Mexican filmmaker Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu continues to reject traditional narrative structures with this whizzy , ambitious exploration of celebrity , art and commerce .
For all this admirably odd film 's virtues , its pretensions do let it down at times .
A self-indulgent and generally tedious luvvie comedy where smug has been substituted for smart . It 's a bit like those mediocre films pumped out by Woody Allen in the 90s .
We already have the best movie of 2015 . I mean , I have n't looked at the schedule for the upcoming year but there 's probably not much else coming out , right ?
Birdman is everything you want movies to be : vital , challenging , intellectually alive , visually stunning , emotionally affecting .
Frenetic , splenetic and dizzyingly inventive .
You 're unlikely to feel too much sympathy towards these self-absorbed characters and so Iñárritu 's approach is to simply have fun with the scenario .
Birdman has its merits as a commentary about fame and loss . It is a finely concocted curiosity . But , we must objectively decipher whether Birdman soars or just manufactures an illusion of flight .
Annoying , obnoxious , and almost suffocatingly self-satisfied ... and still just about as much giddy cinema-dork fun as you can possibly imagine .
Keaton grabs hold of his role and tears into it with a witty blend of pure crazy and subtle nuances as needed .
... precisely the sort of movie Farber would have called White Elephant Art , with its aspirations for Oscar glory and high-minded talk about the nature of art ... . I do not presume to tell you what Iñárritu is trying to say with it .
As a flight of fancy , Birdman swoops gleefully on artistic tropes and tics , but it never soars .
Extraordinary across the boards .
Keaton 's intensely focused performance probably is the best of his life . Some especially moving scenes achieve almost physical impact .
Billy Wilder once said : `` If you 're going to tell people the truth , be funny or they 'll kill you . '' I 'm guessing Mexican writer/director Alejandro González Iñárritu would agree .
The late-midlife crisis of a fading Hollywood star is the basis of this surprisingly profound and extraordinarily kinetic satire about life and success in the age of social media .
At certain moments , watching it felt like inhaling laughing gas mixed with helium .
An ambitious failure ...
A brilliant and incredible look at the actor 's experience , and a world that 's lost its ability to distinguish between famous and talented .
Punctuated by dark comedy and occasional flights into the surreal , it 's daring on a technical level , thought provoking and vastly entertaining .
One of the most unexpected and richly enjoyable larks of the cinematic year , even if the director 's occasional grasps for profundity threaten to puncture the fun .
Hollywood keeps trying to convince us with each new blockbuster that we 've `` never seen anything like this before . '' In 2014 , it took a technically-audacious yet inexpensive backstage satire for that sentiment to actually ring true .
a tour-de-force media satire that is scattered in so many directions that it ends up wearing out its welcome
Makes you question what 's real and not , but does n't follow through . Two thirds of a absolutely brilliant film that in the end made me want to throw a brick through the screen . Goes completely off the rails .
What this extraordinary work does best is drop us into the mind of an actor beset by insecurities , vanity-project hubris , and that inner critic who simply wo n't shut up , whisking us up into a dazzling , dizzyingly subjective whirlwind .
To suggest that it had me eagerly leaning forward the whole time while feasting on its immeasurable details would be downplaying my enthusiasm .
This is a funny film , an absurdest comedy with great acting , solid writing and interesting visual effects . It is also a remarkable technical achievement in terms of acting , cinematography and editing .
Backed by a dynamic ensemble , a strikingly bold sense of direction and captivating original story , this is endlessly enjoyable and one of the year 's true standouts .
A flawed , but undeniably thoughtful , treatise on how art and commerce collide in current pop culture .
A novel riotous risk-taking black comedy on the whims of showbiz .
It 's a lot of things-a backstage drama , an absurdist comedy , a quasi-autobiographical revelation , a self-aware jab at blockbusters , a wannabe social-media age satire , and a piece of technically superior magical realism-but one thing it is n't , is subtle .
It all looks exactly like an answer to the question of what would be next from the guy who won an Oscar for the cinematography in Gravity .
The brazenly off-kilter comedy offers a blistering look at how an industry rat race can decimate a man 's self-worth .
Sure , Birdman is a stunt . But that stunt pays off beautifully .
Regardless of his connection to the role , Keaton is transformative and mesmerizing , altering in moments almost every audience preconception .
Michael Keaton is a solid lock for the year 's best male actor , his supporting cast is incredible and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu 's play-like film is a must-see .
Hope is the thing with feathers , but ` Birdman ' is the thing that requires feathers , tantrums , corridors , dressing rooms , digital effects , prowling camera movements and a dubiously punctuated pretentious subtitle to tell its story ...
Every frame of this movie is spectacular .
I ca n't think of a movie with as much to say about the warped symbiosis between show business and society - Scorsese 's The King of Comedy included .
Giddily watchable , a chain of firecrackers driven by González Iñárritu 's surprising and heretofore entirely untapped facility with comedy .
It 's a near-seamless concoction of onscreen surrealism that would make the likes of Terry Gilliam , Michel Gondry , and Spike Jonze green with envy .
Keaton has tapped into something truly special and deeply personal here and emerged at the helm of a movie that 's a hall of mirrors that reveals a lot about us all .
Intense and immersive , it 's an exhilarating visual experience for those who enjoy highly imaginative cinema .
Keaton 's eternal antsy-ness is on magnificent display .
Derails our expectations of narrative and performance in the first few minutes , and keeps it up for nearly two hours .
One of the most compellingly acted and intellectually stimulating movies of the year .
Above all else , Birdman is tender , raucously funny and deeply tragic .
The sheer brilliance of Iñárritu 's technique fills us with stunned admiration , even as the messy state of Riggan 's head and Keaton 's taut pugnacity inspire shock and awe .
A bold cinematic stretch , from its snare-jazz soundtrack to a climax regrettably stretched too far . The line between Iñárritu 's genius and Riggan 's madness gets crossed once too many , but no matter . Birdman has 99 virtues and ignorance is n't one .
Where to begin in tackling the numerous excellent qualities that make up the moviegoing experience known as Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- ?
There should be nominations and awards for all involved - Best Picture , Director , Actor , Supporting Actress , Supporting Actor , Screenplay and Cinematography .
Michael Keaton flies high in this outstanding comedy-drama .
The crackpot Birdman on some level tells a relatable story of one person 's attempt to get , for once , something right , while functioning as a useful cultural critique of the disconcerting inextricability of commerce from art on stages and screens .
At its heart , Birdman is a character drama , and it 's going to naturally appeal to anyone who has worked with actors .
... both ambitious and provocative is its examination of the relationship between art and celebrity .
Equally remarkable is co-writer and director Innaritu 's ability to keep it all whole , constantly coming at us , and innovatively funny .
Birdman is a plummeting descent into the depths of one tainted man 's former glory while he wrestles with every aspect of his life to recapture everything he used to be . The film is slightly daunting , completely hilarious , and impeccably acted .
This is a nutty , chewy , wildly ambitious film that leaps tall buildings in a single take .
Most of all , ` Birdman ' is a directorial triumph for Alejandro González Iñárritu , who also helped write the screenplay . -LRB- This is -RRB- a serious movie fan 's movie .
Keaton reminds us what a fine actor he could always be .
Visually urgent , inflected by humor and enriched by savvy performances , the film succeeds on a surface storytelling level and as a deeper exploration of culture -- high , low and whatever sub-floor Twitter fame occupies .
The ambiguous line it walks between them may prove frustrating to some . But anyone who prefers their film fare to be anything but off the rack should prepare to be dazzled .
A triumph for Keaton and Inarritu . Mind-blowingly original .
A smart , full-pull filmmaking masterpiece that soars simultaneously on a number of levels .
Birdman is a true original ; a work of technical wizardry , virtuoso acting , and compelling storytelling unlike anything we 've seen before .
Birdman takes advantage of every facet of Keaton 's talent , from his knack for absurdist comedy to his seemingly effortless ability to tap into graceful profundity without making a big show of it .
One of the wildest , funniest , most heartbreaking and purest performances on film . Ever .
Michael Keaton is superb in a role that he can surely relate to , and director Alejandro González Iñárritu crafts a film like nothing you 've ever seen before .
In Birdman , ignorance goes viral .
Despite Iñárritu 's tin ear for humor , inaccurate views of New York theater , and blatantly petty grievances , Birdman not only engages , it occasionally compels .
It 's at different times harrowing , tragic and uproariously funny , featuring career-best performances from five or six different actors .
To make a movie that risks such obnoxiousness and have it turn out this great is close to a miracle , and also one definition of true artistry .
A daring piece of filmmaking that 's as refreshingly original as it is wildly ambitious .
` Birdman ' is an unusual cinematic duck . A weird brew of backstage comedy , theatrical satire and surreal sequences , it is told impressively in very long takes that , at times , tax the viewers ' patience .
Whether or not Riggan is in fact possessed of divine abilities-Iñárritu offers contradictory clues along the way-Birdman puts on clear display the indisputable superpowers of its cinematographer , Emmanuel Lubezki .
Birdman provides a thought-provoking and inventive exploration of artistry , family , and the difference between power , popularity , and prestige .
It 's pretty plumage that gets ruffled along the way .
It 's a white elephant of a movie that conceals a mouse of timid wisdom , a mighty and churning machine of virtuosity that delivers a work of utterly familiar and unoriginal drama .
Michael Keaton is a great actor , and he may at last have found his great role , in `` Birdman . ''
Birdman exists in that realm of cinematic thought where condemning whatever is currently popular in mainstream film is considered intellectual bravery ...
`` Birdman '' is a film-lover 's dream , as it gives you everything you love about movies and then mocks the rest .
A rollicking meeting of Hitchcock 's Rope and Jimmy Kimmel 's couch , Birdman sizzles , scintillates , teases , taunts , barks , brays , preens and careens as a simulated single-take of almost two hours , sending up showbiz and its shallowness .
A cinematic masterpiece . This is brave , original and ingenious film-making .
Challenges , surprises and dazzles while still working at the edges of a frazzled mind .
`` Birdman '' is a very unusual movie-going experience . For that matter alone , it 's worth a trip to the cinema .
`` Birdman '' is a film that warrants a second viewing , if only to experience the nuances of the director 's style and unique approach to his craft .
While it might not be for everyone 's tastes , those who love movies about Hollywood , Broadway or just the desire to do something worthwhile with one 's life will likely eat this up . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
A four-alarm smug assault stops Birdman from being the classic it might have been .
My , but the new Alejandro G. Inarritu movie , Birdman , has some fascinating things going on .
The magic of Birdman is that it is utterly unique while never becoming completely alien .
The movie is technically brilliant , it 's beautifully acted and it 's an order of magnitude more amusing than anything the downbeat Inarritu -LRB- `` 21 Grams , '' `` Babel '' -RRB- has made to date .
Here is a biting dissection of people whose egos must be big enough to compensate for their soul-crushing insecurities .
I do n't expect to see a lot of movies like this , nor do I want to . It would n't be as special otherwise .
A jaw-dropping stylistic wow that spins , pirouettes , turns inside out , and miraculously stays aloft for two hours .
Does it dip ? A time or two . Does it take vivid flight ? Absolutely .
Alejandro González Iñárritu 's Birdman is so good , so profoundly entertaining , so confident that it makes you wonder whether the other Iñárritu -- the director of such weighty magazine spreads as 21 Grams , Babel , and Biutiful -- was a fraud all along .
Explodes with visionary ideas , adopting the language of dreams to explore and upend the very idea of storytelling .
A true work of art commenting specifically on the market that led to its creation .
Iñárritu displays a flair for comedy and shows off great technical skill but his high wire act always has that carnival barker in the background .
I want to like Birdman more , but I do n't have to ; it 's already so pleased with itself .
The seamless tracking shot is the perfect device for depicting a cultural atmosphere defined by never quite knowing where depiction ends and real life begins . Birdman forever .
You want to latch onto Birdman 's scruffy neck and fly wherever it goes , even if it 's too close to the sun .
Iñárritu is a magician of transference ; he strong-arms the audience into sharing Riggan 's racing heart rate and roiling gut-feel .
It 's the kind of daring , accomplished work that critics and Oscar voters notice -- along with all the other delectable cinematic elements to behold in Birdman .
There are many things by which one should be amazed in Alejandro G. Iñárritu 's Birdman , so let 's start with the most obvious : Iñárritu and Oscar-winning cinematographer Emmanuel Lubezki have constructed Birdman to look like one continuous , two-hour take .
Alejandro González Iñárritu , director of such ethereal dramas as Babel and 21 Grams , counterbalances the wicked backstage comedy with surreal flights of fancy , pondering the gulf between dubious celebrity and artistic immortality .
-LSB- Birdman -RSB- is the smartest thing Keaton 's done in years . And I loved him in RoboCop !
Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- is a running jump off the cliff of cinema into a dream-state free fall , where you wait for that dreaded moment of impact , only to wake in a chilly sweat .
Inspires renewed faith in what we used to go to the movies for - original storytelling , enveloping escape , heart-stopping camera work and enough `` wait , what 's going on here ? '' to keep us intrigued from beginning to end .
-LSB- Innaritu -RSB- is having fun as he winds his camera through the labyrinthine bowels of the theater like a starstruck fly , and he wants you to have fun , too .
Birdman is a strange , beautiful and loony story about passion and pain but also a crazy cool celebration of filmmaking , movie magic and all of the glorious reasons why we love watching motion pictures .
Lots of films claim to be different . `` Birdman '' is .
`` Birdman '' vividly evokes a time of equal parts possibility and terrifying uncertainty , and makes a persuasive case that , when the ground is shifting beneath your feet , the best thing to do is to take flight .
A savage satire of Hollywood celebrity gone to seed ... delivered with an irresistible degree of cinematic panache .
One of the best movies of 2014 .
Showy work , persistent in its effort to remind the audience that they 're watching intricate craftsmanship , not necessarily an intimate study of a mental breakdown .
A strange , jagged-yet-fluid movie , wrapped in an entertainment industry satire , that 's extremely direct in its frustration . Also : Every performance is fantastic .
The perfect synthesis of technical acumen with an actor at the height of his powers .
Destined to be voraciously talked about and studied for years to come . Perhaps it is imperfect , but it is also unmistakably great .
`` Birdman '' proves that a movie - the grabbiest , most kinetic film ever made about putting on a play - can soar on the wings of its own technical prowess , even as the banality of its ideas threatens to drag it back down to earth .
Watching Alejandro Gonzalez Iñárritu 's multilayered `` Birdman '' is like unfolding a piece of intricate origami ; it keeps opening in unexpected directions .
An amazing movie that delves into the worlds of theater , film and celebrity , directed with great skill and passion by Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu .
Iñárritu 's inability to take it down a notch makes him uniquely unsuited to the backstage film , which requires an offhand deftness that is n't in his limited repertoire .
With a glint in his eye and a ` caw ! ' on his lips , Michael Keaton takes the unexpected opportunity that is Birdman and soars with it .
While I love all the smoke and mirrors , and Keaton 's herculean Oscar-bait comeback beside Norton 's ripping supporting performance , by the third act , I lost traction . I began to wonder : what was the there there ?
For those going with the flow , it should not matter that , as in the stageplay within the screenplay , not everything fits together according to strict logic . If you believe you can fly , why then you can .
A spellbindingly unique experience that will leave you dazed and exhilarated .
The film ultimately reveals itself to be a delirious slice of meta-fiction that both sends up and sincerely explores the monstrous egos and thin-skinned mania that drives people to perform .
Inarritu unquestionably has an ax to grind and he has honed the edge .
An uneven , heavy-handed blend of darkly comic satire , drama and magical realism saved by strong performances and an ambiguous ending that leaves enough room for interpretation .
One of the most cinematically and thematically ambitious films you 'll see all year .
Excellent , mature dramedy about failure , success , identity .
At the heart of ` Birdman ' is a gallery of sharply-etched performances , with Michael Keaton , who leads the way , being well-matched by Zach Galifianakis .
Part backstage melodrama and part screed in the name of art , Birdman is nearly as frazzled as its protagonist ...
The single take gimmick is the heart of what 's wrong with Birdman - it 's cool , it 's catchy , it 's well done , it 's screamingly obvious and eventually pointless .
-LSB- The -RSB- full title is Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- , but rest assured , the more you know , the more fun it 'll be .
The result is one of the best times you 'll have at the movies this year-which might even be the best movie this year .
Noises Off ! by way of Jean-Paul Sartre .
So few movies attempt to do anything really fresh that the arrival of a picture that attempts to do several such things triggers a reflexive jubilation .
A movie with ambitions as high-flying as its superhero but a success rate decidedly lower to the ground .
The director 's surrealist portrait of modern times and the cult of celebrity is brilliant on so many levels that even the occasional downdraft ca n't keep `` Birdman '' from soaring .
A funny , frenetic , buoyant and rambunctiously showboating entertainment in which Mr. Iñárritu himself rises high and then higher still .
Perhaps the most incisive and funniest Hollywood take on Broadway since Mel Brook 's original `` The Producers . ''
one of the best movies of the year , and one of the most telling performances ever put on film
Full of strange references , self-reflexive jokes and a cast of actors playing actors , it 's a maze of mirrors that shifts under your feet like a theme park ride .
By focusing on the specific problems of a man undergoing a midlife meltdown , Birdman delivers an incisive commentary on celebrity culture , ambition , social media and fractured families .
There 's no question that the film gets at various flavors of modern madness with an intensity that can be punishing , but never less than fascinating .
I 'm jazzed by every daring , devastating , howlingly funny , how 'd - they-do-that minute in Birdman . Powered by Michael Keaton 's pinballing tour de force , Iñárritu 's cinematic whirlwind is an exhilarating high . No true movie lover would dare miss it .
For Michael Keaton , Birdman is some kind of gift from the movie gods , a license to have his cake and messily devour it too .
Birdman represents not just Keaton 's fictional apologia but also his defiant , nearly heroic comeback .
A daring , startling piece of work . And not only for what Inarritu manages to show . But for what Keaton is courageous enough to reveal .
A movie that , while ultimately less satisfying than I hoped , features two breathtaking star turns : one from its lead actor and another from that camera , wielded by the indisputably magical Emmanuel Lubezki .
This tale of insecurity and reinvention in the backstage world of Broadway wring laughs from cringeworthy moments of frantic desperation .
It 's a dizzying film , a swirl of sadness and humor and frantic thought . It 's also deceptively simple .
It is exhilarating moviemaking , an out-of-the-blue masterwork that ranks as one of the best films of not just the year , but the decade , the century .
Birdman is a scalpel-sharp dissection of Hollywood , Broadway , and fame in the 21st century . But more than that , it 's a testament to Keaton 's enduring charisma and power as an actor .
It 's undeniably thrilling to watch Gonzalez Iñárritu and Keaton aiming so high . Whenever they 're brave enough to leap into the unknown , `` Birdman '' soars .
A miserable load of deranged , deluded crap masquerading as a black comedy ...
By grounding his soaring fantasy in a traditional story , Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu has created his most accessible , magical film yet .
Some fresh takes on midlife crises , celebrities in America , and the wild popularity of the social media .
In Keaton 's riveting , intimate yet larger than life performance , he never needs to say `` I used to be BIG . '' It 's in his `` Birdman '' eyes , first scene to last .
It 's a relief to see Keaton in a role worthy of him .
Birdman - which Iñárritu wrote with Nicolás Giacobone , Alexander Dinelaris , and Armando Bo - feels as broadly ambitious as Babel , his most widely watched work to date , but without the crushing burden of self-importance .
How can you not be in awe of the sheer physical achievement , of the intricate choreography of the actors and the camera , of the gung ho performances ? When it ends you go , `` Whew ! '' It 's a triumph of vacuous virtuosity .
It 's an ambitious and beautifully executed experiment . It 's a technical wonder that will be examined for decades to come . Above else , it 's a hell of a good time .
Virtuosic camerawork and a stellar ensemble of actors more than make up for the occasional moment of portentous twaddle in Alejandro G. Inarritu 's latest - and maybe his best - film .
The director , Alejandro González Iñárritu , does n't tell us what to mock-or , at any rate , he knows how readily we mock what tempts us most . His film is alive to needs that never die .
Led by a fantastic Michael Keaton , Birdman is a deeply thoughtful and darkly hilarious meta dissection of egotism that satirizes the entertainment business with a compelling visual style that is all its own .
Perhaps we can consider films like Babel the necessary ashes from which Birdman had to rise and hope Alejandro González Iñárritu 's ascendance continues .
It places regurgitated ideas into the mouths of gifted actors , then drops them amid a kooky story that plays like an elaborate distraction from what little the film actually has to say .
Above all , Iñárritu 's `` Birdman '' is a celebration of cinema . It 's an audacious achievement that floors just above every aspect of film witnessed in 2014 .
A fantastical exploration of inner dialog and existential dread
May be hard to wrap one 's head around , but it 's easily one of the most thought-provoking films of the past ten years , maybe more .
-LSB- Inarrity -RSB- uses pain much the way John Cassavetes did the anguish in ` Love Streams ' : as a way of anchoring a chaotic , often very funny comedy-drama that 's much more on the former side .
Birdman , with a terrific star turn by Michael Keaton , is one of the best movies of 2014 .
The easy joke is that while many are touting `` Birdman '' for Best Picture , it 's undoubtedly the front-runner for Most Picture . This is not a film in need of creativity , passion or energy ; what it needed was restraint , consideration and direction .
Manic energy and overriding sense of fun ... The lunatic performances by Keaton and Norton are the highlights .
Birdman is a raging , exhilarating howl of a satirical comedy .
Birdman may be the most artistically riveting movie I 've disagreed with thematically .
Michael Keaton nabs the role of a lifetime in Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu 's wonderfully strange look at an aging actor fighting to stay relevant .
... the tedious offense of idiots calling you an idiot .
But even when -LSB- Birdman 's -RSB- pinballing chaos threatens to alienate the audience , Keaton 's fearless , manic but tender performance draws us back in .
Birdman , though , becomes funnier and more poignant the longer it lasts .
Hubristic , humble , heartfelt and hotheaded , `` Birdman or -LRB- The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance -RRB- '' is phenomenal .
Is it a redundancy to complain that Birdman lacks soul ? Maybe so .
This is Keaton 's film and he truly soars as the eponymous Birdman .
A triumph on every creative level , from casting to execution ...
Iñárritu turns the film into a high-wire act - live , unpredictable , light as air , yet also fatalistically locked on course . While it 's going on , you 're glued to the impossibility of what you 're seeing . Once it 's over , you ca n't believe what you saw .
A technical tour de force , a beautifully performed and smartly scripted black comedy that will leave its audience keen to head back for more ...
Birdman flies very , very high .
Both Hollywood and Broadway take their lumps in `` Birdman , '' a compelling tale that 's a backstage drama , a character piece , a stab at magical realism , and much more .
Michael Keaton soars in this savagely funny , strangely sweet , sad and utterly brilliant New York-set comedy from Alejandro González Iñárritu .

@highlight

A thrilling leap forward for director Alejandro González Iñárritu , Birdman is an ambitious technical showcase powered by a layered story and outstanding performances from Michael Keaton and Edward Norton .