It 's a difficult balancing act between gang life and the sports film where inspiring moments can very easily become maudlin and wearing . Gridiron Gang slips and stumbles a bit in the second half but for the most part makes it across whole .
Dwayne Johnson pushes his emotionally charged performance so hard that you think he might pop a blood vessel .
The surprisingly effective Gridiron Gang will find its way into that harshly defended emotional endzone , even if they might not necessarily admit it to their friends .
Despite the occasional mixed message and overwrought moment , Gridiron Gang is a sincere , moving film about a worthwhile subject
Watchable , decently made drama with some strong performances , but the script is disappointing given the real-life story behind the film .
What begins as a series of pleasant revelations and a deft example of genre defiance is nearly crippled by cliche in its second half , but The Rock 's surprising dramatic magnetism will hold you until the final whistle .
It 's unfortunate that what was undoubtedly an inspirational story could end up onscreen as such a been-there done-that hack job .
... the film 's various problems -LSB- are -RSB- exacerbated by a ridiculously overlong running time -LRB- it 's 125 minutes ! -RRB-
It 's technically well-made , but lacks the writing or acting skills to make it work .
Gridiron Gang is enjoyable enough , but it is also manipulative , melodramatic and pretty much interchangeable with the recent basketball film Coach Carter .
The trite script waters down and trivializes its subject matter , almost to the point of negating any emotional impact .
At once uplifting and banal , `` based on a true story '' and abjectly `` Disneyfied , '' the formula is also -- apparently -- endlessly profitable .
The philosophy espoused in Gridiron Gang places the team above the individual , but the film is carried on the broad shoulders of the charismatic Johnson .
Mostly the movie barrels toward you , stiff-armed .
If The Rock could clone himself to appear in juvenile halls across the country , the recidivism rate would get body-slammed within a few weeks .
But can The Rock pull off a dramatic role ? Surprisingly , for the most part , the answer is yes , and the film is a success for it .
Another ` true story ' inspirational sports movie , and you pretty much know whether or not it 's your brand of jockstrap from that fact alone .
No sappy sports cliche or trite inspirational slogan is ignored .
Bad News Bangers
Well intentioned , but way too corny , way too over the top ...
The movie constantly teeters on becoming a filmed version of a Successories calendar . But The Rock 's charismatic performance and Phil Joanou 's sturdy direction yank hard against heart-tugging dialogue to pull the movie back with gravity and grit .
A touching and entertaining , well-acted star turn by The Rock .
The film misses the chance to showcase these actors with a deeper exploration of their changing relationship .
... no great shakes , but it 's professionally realized and makes good use of the talent at hand .
The two rapt ladies next to me at a recent screening vocally identified the pure , square-jawed machinations of an earnest script as `` so sad '' no fewer than 16 times .
... as Robert Aldrich proved in The Longest Yard , a football movie should be able to hit harder .
It 's as pat as it sounds , and if you 've watched Remember the Titans , Hoosiers or even the The Mighty Ducks than you 've already watched this one , too .
Gridiron Gang is n't just distinctive , it 's downright exceptional - the kind of film that not only sustains its genre , but sets a legitimate benchmark if not a high watermark for future entries to aspire to .
-LSB- The Rock is -RSB- really quite affecting as a regular kinda guy ...
... a lugubrious tutorial on the importance of being a winner .
Auds will respond , either to the uplifting message and the solid action sequences .
Gridiron entertains and makes a powerful point about the faults inherent in the penal system , particularly for youths with hopes of rehabilitation .
... it 's like a super-sized Afterschool Special with PG-13-rated bad language ...
While grittier on the surface , Phil Joanou 's allegedly ` true story ' inspired Gridiron Gang is as soft and safe in its centre as any of the two dozen or so inspirational pigskin operas that have been released in the past two years .
Many of the young actors are also quite good in a large ensemble that does n't become the jumbled mess it could have .
... the movie seems pat , simplistic and slightly phony .
... nearly as bleak as it is uplifting .
... the former footballer and pro wrestler Dwayne ` The Rock ' Johnson is just the rock on which to securely build a football inspiration movie like Gridiron Gang .
We are drawn into Gridiron Gang to the degree that we come to recognize team members and generally appreciate their struggles toward self-respect and responsibility .
The film 's few , scattered moments of honest grit and pathos are nearly drowned out by composer Trevor Rabin 's incessantly syrupy score , which sounds calculated for maximum emotional uplift , just like almost everything else about Gridiron Gang .
Great message , so-so movie .
... an extremely inefficient film , wasting time -- the movie 's and ours .
Gridiron Gang feels less like a movie and more like a Tony Robbins motivational seminar .
... nearly every time it has the chance to make a play -- it fumbles .
... the movie 's good intentions are consistently undermined by its simplistic notion of redemption , and its inspirational thrust is diluted by an epilogue that suggests the program still has a ways to go in the life-altering department .
Some movies present their whole story in a two-minute trailer , but Gridiron Gang says it all in its poster ...
`` Gang '' does n't excel by abandoning formula , it succeeds by making the formula work for the film , not the other way around .
The Rock commits himself admirably to this trite tale , but by the end , even his enormous shoulders buckle under the weight of so many cliches .
... you would n't say Gridiron Gang is a touchdown , but it 's not a fumble either .
-LSB- Screenwriter Jeff Maguire -RSB- reduces practically every scene to an oversimplified emoticon .
Gridiron Gang is effective , thanks to Phil Joanou 's confident direction and the mountain of charisma that is Dwayne ` the Rock ' Johnson .
This lazy and episodic tacking -LRB- pep talk , game , pep talk , game -RRB- aggravated me because it sabotages the film 's social relevance and honest-to-goodness cinematic uplift .
If you like your sports movies , especially your football movies , larded with more clichés than a politician 's stump speech , Gridiron Gang begs to be seen .
... these are truly vulnerable , hopeful characters who actually deserve our cheers .
It may not be a great film , but it is a thoroughly admirable movie .
Had Gridiron Gang dared to challenge its audience with a larger dose of reality , it might have broken the field and become something memorable and meaningful .
... this inspirational material is appealing ...
As sports movies go , Gridiron Gang is n't bad , just not top-line material .
Though it does n't really teach us anything new , Gridiron Gang -- mainly due to the powerful screen presence of Dwayne ` The Rock ' Johnson -- is mildly entertaining and , at times , somewhat compelling .
Scores big time ! It 's the real thing . Loaded with action-to-the-max in the streets and on the field .
Anyone still doubting Johnson 's chops as an actor ought to simply dismiss such doubts now -- he 's the single most effective thing about the movie ...
... despite the shameless cutting and pasting , it 's hard to argue with the movie 's intentions .
Jeff Maguire 's script turns out to be simultaneously riddled with clichés and -LRB- as the documentary footage over the closing credits shows -RRB- generally faithful to events .
The Rock no longer exists . Dwayne Johnson has finally shed the identity that turned him into a wrestling legend and earned the right to go by his real name .
Joanou rushes through the material , attempting to do justice to too many characters and juggle too many subplots to really explore any of them .
Proof that good storytelling can change perception and make us appreciate a group of youngsters we 'd just as soon throw away more than a blue collar guy who gets his shot with the Philadelphia Eagles .
The movie slows to a crawl as new obstacles and melodramas pile up like linemen on a quarterback .
This is the type of film that has nothing wrong with it , really , but that does n't have anything particularly right with it either .
Gang only gels as a drama because of Johnson 's dedication to making Porter a human being first , and an `` Inspiratron 3000 '' movie formula robot second .
The film does n't try to be politically correct , and it points fingers where they should be pointed .
it 's the Bill Paxton of movies , good enough to be respected and liked , but not great enough to make you think everyone involved deserves an Oscar
Wan na know why sports movies are criticized for being too cliché ? Because sports , as a whole , are too cliché .
The Rock ... performs so many corny inspirational speeches that his mouth might as well transform into a triumphant horn .
Imagine a movie comprised of inspirational clichés and absolutely nothing else .
... if there was ever a role that The Rock was born to play , he 's found it here
... about as inspirational as a yawn .
... utterly predictable ...
Despite its good intentions , Gridiron Gang is full of cliches , but at least they 're captivating cliches .
It 's about as subtle as a tackle by a 300-pound tight end , but is is a pleasantly heartwarming journey .
More honest and substantive than the average mainstream sports flick . Not necessarily more original , but certainly more worth the viewer 's while .
Paint-by-numbers storytelling aside , Gridiron Gang is a fine movie .
... amid the dead-on straightforward presentation and the gaggingly earnest emotions , Gridiron Gang is worth cheering for sometimes .
The film is energetic and technically polished , with flashes of humor ...
The film has nowhere near as many well-developed characters as it has street , prison yard and on-field brawls .
Johnson gives the part his authoritative all , but he does n't have the depth of ability to elevate a sappy script that regularly calls for up-choking .
`` Gridiron Gang '' is all formula , but it 's tough to blame the film for sticking with a game plan that works .
Though one of the producing entities is called Original Film , nothing could be further from the truth ... hopelessly formulaic and pat .
Call it inspirational karaoke if you like , but it gets the job done . Mostly .
The picture is so earnest that it leaves out the easy , old-school pleasure conjured by the last few years of Disney sports flicks -LRB- Invincible , Miracle , The Rookie -RRB- .
Stepping into Disney 's inspirational genre , this is an almost unnecessary film since it 's based on a docu dealing with the same subject that , while not great , is more satisfying than this schlocky upbeat saga about sports as moral and physical salvation
turns out to be quite enjoyable , even if it 's not all that good
Were it not already taken , Angels with Dirty Faces might have been an apt alternative title for this TRUE STORY .
A corny and unbelievable ` based on a true story ' drama with a canned Trevor Rabin score that could have been programmed in by computer .
Johnson leaps is into the ranks of legitimate actors . He 's got depth , he 's got some range , and he 's got the heart and sincerity to make them both work
Sure , it 's a Hallmark card , but some Hallmark cards -LRB- like this one -RRB- are more poetry than doggerel .
Cue the violins . Gridiron Gang , an unabashedly sentimental but endearing true story , turns out to be a real winner .
What was The Rock thinking ? Stop coaching and start doing . Give the man something to hit .





@highlight

The role of probation officer Sean Porter fits Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson like a glove ; however , the execution is so cliched , the youths ' stories -LRB- based on real events -RRB- , fail to inspire .