Well cast and smartly written , `` Goon : Last of the Enforcers '' is built on different relationships . Doug and his teammates . Doug and his wife . Anders and his father . They all play a part in the story .
Beyond a few new faces that briefly enliven the mood , Goon : Last of the Enforcers loses sight of the characters that made the first movie so engaging .
Goon : Last of the Enforcers is n't much of a film , but thanks to its star it 's not a complete waste of time .
It has its hero confront the challenges of being over the hill -- an awkward theme for a movie that itself comes across as a weary , backward-looking project for Seann William Scott and the actor-director Jay Baruchel .
Still funny , even if it totally lacks the original 's element of surprise .
-LSB- An -RSB- inane sequel ...
The movie makes the most of what it has , which , as it turns out , is n't an awful lot .
... retains only a fraction of the crude charm and offbeat originality of its predecessor .
Nobody lands the one knockout punchline to elevate matters above tolerable mediocrity .
Last of the Enforcers ' real strength is that it does n't forget Eva , nor does it corner her into a nagging obstacle in the way of Doug 's ultimate joy .
Tedious and ultra-violent .
Gone is the genuine heart , warmth and pathos that made the 2011 original such a wonderfully pleasant surprise , but this unruly sports comedy sequel - written and directed by Jay Baruchel - still delivers on the laughs .
If you 're looking for innovation you 've come to the wrong arena . What Last of the Enforcers is about is taking likeable characters and creating an enjoyable excuse to spend more time with them .
The few bright spots in this horribly violent sequel come from Liev Schreiber 's return as grizzled veteran Ross Rhea . His warm , world-weary performance belongs in a much better film .
It 's a flawed feature , and many , if not most of the jokes do n't land , which is somewhat detrimental given the fact this is a comedy .
If you like vicious no-holds-barred hockey fights , then this one is for you .
Hockey farce with some laughs , lots of cursing and violence .
Earnest intentions may be behind this bawdy yet heartfelt sport-quel , but it 's a largely unnecessary rematch .
The film does n't over-rely on aimless improvisation for laughs - and even allows its female characters to be funny .
This sequel fails to score the hoped-for goal ... when Doug Glatt hangs up his skates again as it ends , one can only hope that this time it 's for good .
Like most comedy sequels , it assumes audiences want a louder and more outrageous version of what they enjoyed last time . And like most comedy sequels , it 's pretty lousy .
Goon : Last of the Enforcers often feels far more like a stock sports film than its predecessor , and that 's what ultimately turns it into a highly underwhelming follow-up .
That Goon : Last of the Enforcers aspires to be about more than hockey when it absolutely does n't have to is why it 's a shot that hits the back of the net .
In addition to regurgitating parts of Goon , Goon : Last of the Enforcers pilfers liberally from Rocky 3 and Rocky 4 .
A rare sequel that gets bloody fighting to earn its existence . With heart and laughs aplenty , it 's a big win and one of 2017 's best comedies .
Baruchel oversees matters with skill and enthusiasm - even if he is a little too enthusiastic to demonstrate the project 's un-PC bona fides - and Scott is once again amiability incarnate as the good-hearted Glatt .
A movie that lacks the energy , wit and heart of its predecessor and is the kind of project that probably never should have happened .
`` Goon '' was a keeper . The perhaps prophetically named `` Last '' is n't exactly 101 minutes in the penalty box , but it 's a disappointing throwaway .
The tone of the sequel is goofier and a bit meaner ... which goes against the entire point of Doug 's character .
Sadly , this sequel kind of misses the point of what made the first movie such a favourite : it opts to focus on corny gross-out gags rather than humour that 's firmly rooted in the characters and story .
Jay Baruchel 's film uses its immature humor as the starting point for a thoughtful tale about personal evolution and the importance of making sacrifices . You wo n't see the emotional punch coming until it 's uppercutting you in the jaw .
an innocuous follow-up that has its moments but fails to string them together effectively
Goon : Last of the Enforcers is an incredible sequel , scoring big with laughs , heart and thrills . But none of this would have worked if it were n't for Scott ...
While `` Enforcers '' has its share of blood-spattered fights and weirdo supporting characters , it goes a little soft , which does n't feel appropriate , especially after the freewheeling shenanigans of the original movie .
After a summer full of disappointing sequels , it should n't be too much of a surprise that we 're getting yet another .
The movie works better than any comedy with this many nosebleeds has a right to .
A raunchy , ploddingly unfunny comedy sequel to 2012 's equally crass but disarmingly endearing `` Goon . ''
Though not as fresh or funny as its predecessor , this feature directing debut for actor Jay Baruchel stays true to its spirit and will please its most enthusiastic fans .
A film that 's a lot like the last one , just not quite as funny or endearing .
All of the visceral , easygoing realism of the original is out , replaced by try-hard joke attempts and manic storytelling so convoluted that the only thing communicated is a general sense of desperation .
Goon : Last of the Enforcers does ultimately deliver on the promise its predecessor made with a gooey , heartfelt center surrounded by a profanity-laced candy shell .
In some ways Goon : Last of the Enforcers actually manages to improve upon its forebear , connecting on jabs at a rate roughly equal to that of the earlier film but this time ... mixing in some gut-punches , too .
Goon : Last of the Enforcers faces an uphill climb that 's inherent to retreads , as it 's almost impossible for the film to honor its predecessor without lapsing into contrived and preordained formula .
There are no real surprises in Jay Baruchel 's directing debut but the familiar and likable cast of characters and lots of -LRB- violent and bloody -RRB- hockey action help `` Goon 2 '' stand on its own .
Baruchel 's not as adept as his predecessor at staging extreme on ice violence for laughs , this time around much of it coming across as flinch inducing brutality , but he stages some great on ice action and most of the laughs land ...
`` Dude , Where 's My Career ? ''
Sad
So while this one might not feel quite as exciting as discovering a new sports comedy classic , there 's always something to be said for a sequel that captures the spirit of the original and forges some new ground of its own .
Goon 2 comes close to being as funny as the first movie .
A decidedly underwhelming sequel ...
Baruchel 's sequel is everything Dowse 's original film was , amped up a degree or three ...
The end result is mediocrity - just the kind of movie , indeed , of which we need much less .
Violent , crude and really funny , Goon : Last of The Enforcers , works for the same reason the original Goon worked -- you will love the characters .
The legend of Doug `` The Thug '' Glatt continues in Goon : Last Of The Enforcers -- though honestly , maybe it should n't have .
Just as good as the first , with first-time director Jay Baruchel showing some real flair behind the camera .

@highlight

Seann William Scott remains as watchable as ever in the title role , but Goon : Last of the Enforcers repeats its predecessor 's violent and profane formula to diminishing effect .