Like last year 's Up from the same company , Pixar , this film tickles the funny bone but also brings a tear to the eye .
Hilarity , terrors , the melancholy of love and loss and growing up , and millions of adult-baby tears ensue .
It 's not the usual Hollywood conveyor-belt product . Made with love and intelligence , this adventure has enough thrills , laughs and emotion to satisfy any adult or child .
A reasonable amount of fun ensues .
Toy Story 3 is n't in the same league as its predecessors , but it 's close enough that most people wo n't care .
It affirms that change is inevitable , and even in this weird and fascinating universe of talking toys , love lives on in the next generation .
The genius of the computer-animation powerhouse Pixar is stamped on every single frame of Toy Story 3 . The studio that brought you Finding Nemo , WALL-E and Up has come up with another classic .
What continues to astonish about the Pixar films is the way they manage to pair blissful entertainment with the miraculous experience of being human .
There 's no way this Pixar sequel could match the peerless level of the first two films , and it does n't , but after a slow start this one gets into gear , and the third act is a barn-burner .
The ostensibly inanimate objects are far more animated than most movie stars .
It takes a kind of genius to combine a children 's movie for grown-ups and a grown-up 's movie for children in one glittering digimated package , yet the folks at Pixar have done it time and again .
Maybe , sadly , there comes a time when the toys of childhood have to be packed away . But , not as long as this movie is playing which , we expect , will be forever .
Come for the joyful kid stuff , but be warned , these animators do n't play around .
As much as we may love Woody , Buzz , and the other characters in this toy box , Toy Story 3 shows it 's time for Pixar to put away these toys for good .
Action-wise , this is essentially a prison-break caper , but there is so much more to it than this .
Forget Butch and Sundance , Bogart and Bacall or Hepburn and Tracy . There is no more engaging double act in the movies than Woody and Buzz and the pair make a triumphant , long-awaited comeback in Toy Story 3 .
Tthis is one of the best films with the number three in the title you 're ever likely to see .
Toy Story 3 does not live up to its predecessors . It surpasses them .
The sheer artistry makes it worth watching , even as it sends the wee ones shrieking into their mothers ' arms .
Toy Story 3 is just the right mix of adventure , joy and , most of all , wonder that we all need right now .
It 's sweet , innocent , intelligent , poignant -- and , most importantly , as wonderfully playful as movies can be .
While the franchise 's sentimental mould is inviolable , this sequel has a darker , more satirical edge .
More than 10 years have passed since Toy Story 2 but that lengthy absence has only increased the appetite for a further adventure and allowed the geniuses at Pixar to devise an inventive and satisfying story .
Genuinely moving and a beautiful farewell to a beloved series , Toy Story 3 is the must-see movie of the summer .
Consider it one last farewell to the innocence of youth and bid adieu to this Story .
Sit back , put on your glasses , and enjoy : It 's summer , and Pixar has made you a treat .
When teenaged Andy plops down on the grass to share his old toys with a shy little girl , the film spikes with sadness and layered pleasure -- a concise , deeply wise expression of the ephemeral that feels real and yet utterly transporting .
There are many sweet laughs and joking allusions to horror and prison-break movies , but the Pixar gang gets at the most primary fear -- being cast off and no longer of use .
While the concept has turned darker , Toy Story 3 carries it off brilliantly .
The whole project is so masterfully conceived and executed that you either go along for the ride or sit in stunned appreciation for how singularly Pixar has maintained control over the creative quality of its output .
I seriously doubt there will be a more hilarious and heartfelt blockbuster all summer .
From 1995 's Toy Story to now , we know these are not mere toys . Woody , Buzz and the rest have inner lives of their own , demonstrating unconditional loyalty , love , camaraderie and tearjerking nostalgia .
This one wraps up the series perfectly and lets us all move on .
... this is -LSB- Pixar 's -RSB- prison film , and they load it with suspense , clever references , invention and action .
While this is a good sequel , I wish it had had more of the emotion that had made the first two films so memorable .
The best movie I 've seen so far this year .
You can intellectualise and even defend the reasons why the film is disappointing , but that does n't stop it being disappointing .
It 's still more inventive , clever and laugh-out-loud funny than any other movie out there now .
Toy Story 3 is probably the best of the series ...
Another worthy entry in a much-heralded series that amounts to a prison break story as exciting in its own way as Steve McQueen 's `` The Great Escape '' .
`` Toy Story 3 '' is a bit on the safe side , hemmed in by its concept from offering the imagination that makes the best Pixar has to offer so good ... but the filmmakers still understand real heart .
I can understand the creators not wanting to sugarcoat life merely because the colors are brighter and voices chirpier , but why is Toy Story 3 so intent on being such a manipulative downer ?
Woody , Buzz & Co. triumph again but lose a bit of magic .
Pixar have once again reminded me that there is a way to create a film that not only appeals to just about everyone , but also prove that three-quels need not suck .
A story with timeless , universal themes : family , coming of age -LRB- and leaving behind childish things -RRB- , and the inevitable time when , past our prime , we will all face potential social obsolence . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
These toys may be old , but there 's still plenty of mileage left in 'em .
It 's funny , warm , clever , exciting and touching , a story of friendship and imagination and a last blast of childhood joy ...
A kids ' movie for grown-ups . A grown-up movie for kids . Exactly what you 'd expect -- and hope for -- from the latest , and we 're guessing final , Woody and Buzz adventure .
It may be darker , but favorite moments abound in this film -- Pixar treats that make `` Toy Story 3 '' a fun film to watch over and over .
The question was never going to be , ` Is Toy Story 3 any good ? ' ... The question could only be , ` To what degree does Toy Story 3 make you wish you could grab a hold of the wonder that is life and squeeze it as if it were a teddy bear ? '
Toy Story 3 has all the sass , action , and derring do of the Indiana Jones movies , the charm , admiration , and fun of its predecessors and cousins at Pixar , and enough laughter and imagination to fuel generations to come ,
Impecable producción en todos sentidos ... sin embargo , es una versión menos blanca y más cargada de dramatismo . Una cinta más para adultos que para niños .
The Toy Story movies have always been impossible not to love thanks to their mixture of heart , humour and action , but this last goodbye is the best yet .
Toy Story 3 is equal parts hilarious , touching , insightful and exciting and anyone who does n't come out smiling probably is n't human .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Comes across at once as a tender , thoughtful valedictory and a symbolic renewal .
The best film Pixar have ever made .
By -LSB- Pixar 's -RSB- high standards this is n't the best , but by anyone else 's , it 's close to perfection .
I tried stuffing paper into my nose and into my mouth and in my ears to stop the flow . It was hopeless . Toy Story 3 is not only a masterpiece but is the most heart-rending film I have ever seen .
The perfect film does not , and can not , exist . But if it did , it would probably look a lot like this .
Even the hardest of hearts will have melted by the time the lights come back up .
It 's a sign of Pixar 's ongoing brilliance that even when there would appear to be no real need for another Toy Story sequel the studio delivers one that feels utterly essential .
Toy Story 3 surpasses the 1995 original and its 1999 sequel for thrills , spills and laughs , delivering the most satisfying journey of the trilogy .
It 's an effortlessly superior family movie .
I doubt we 'll see better all year .
This is an almost flawless example of a movie that will keep pretty much any person of any age enthralled and entertained .
It 's a film that moves as much as it entertains , that will make adults cry as much as -- perhaps even more than -- younger children .
A film to enrapture children , and make adults weep . Plastic cowboy hats off to Pixar once again .
The ` Toy Story ' films are deservedly seen as the gold standard for computer-generated animation ...
Toy Story 3 is clever , inventive and deeply moving , a fabulous film which can be enjoyed by all ages -- and you ca n't say that about many movies .
If there were a Nobel Prize for Digital Animation it would have been won almost every year by Pixar .
The glow of originality may have dimmed , but Pixar 's third rummage in the toy box delivers exactly what it 's supposed to , with appealing fringe benefits .
A fitting , poignant close to the series , and -- thankfully -- entertaining not only for kids of all ages , but people of all ages too .
Like an overdue reunion with an old friend ... it 's a trilogy that 's grown up without losing its soul .
An absolutely dreadful summer at the movies is rescued by the wizards at Pixar .
All this wealth of material earns Pixar the right to go sequelling for the first time in 11 years .
Toy Story 3 expertly combines dazzling visuals and thrilling adventure , with a touching story about saying goodbye to old friends .
It 's sadder and scarier than its predecessors , but it also may be the most important chapter in the tale .
Toy Story 3 is well made , charming , and has a heart -- in fact , it wears it on its sleeve -- yet it also shows all the symptoms of acute sequelitis : declining imagination , bloated budget and a tendency to repeat oneself .
There 's legitimate poignancy in the way the characters have retained their handcrafted look even after 15 years of ruthlessly streamlined computer animation
The film succeeds mostly because yes , it 's more of the same .
But for a nip tuck , Toy Story 3 might be a masterpiece . Heck , I 'll take it anyway .
These toys are unbreakable - in a series that will last to infinity and beyond !
I appreciate it as an efficient , effective machine - even a thing of beauty . But you ca n't make me love it . And it scares me just a little that so many of you love it so loudly .
You ca n't get your childhood back but for one hour and 38 minutes Toy Story 3 gets you pretty close . Oh , and by the way -- your kids will love it , too .
It makes sense that the film was penned by Michael Arndt , whose Little Miss Sunshine provided a similar balance of mirth and melancholy .
The writing quality is what makes this film work as a comedy , an adventure , and a film with some serious affecting human drama .
To call this film critic-proof is an understatement , but here 's a fact : there really is n't any way to improve upon Pixar 's pitch perfect ending to their Toy Story saga .
The best movie of the year so far .
Another outing for Woody and the gang , another masterpiece for Pixar .
Toy Story 3 is a Mr. Potato Heady assemblage of nostalgia , excitement , and danger . It flies in all directions , but Woody keeps it pleasurably intact .
Like all the best sequels , Toy Story 3 builds upon and deepens the characters , relationships , and themes that fueled the previous entries in the series
When graded on the Pixar curve Toy Story 3 feels , even for all its scariness and darkness , kind of weightless .
It 's by now a worn out verdict : Another masterpiece by Disney/Pixar .
Managing to create real moments of suspense , a hugely powerful emotional sequence towards the end is testament to the relationships we 've built up with this bunch of toys .
A fun adventure with plenty of laughs and a strong narrative . It will undoubtedly capture the attention of both kids and adults . It 's almost impossible not to like .
Funny , inventive , touching ; flawless .
The pain of goodbye is beautifully balanced by the trademark excellence of the Toy Story series . A fantastic way to go out .
And it 's not cheap sentiment . There 's something really deep and sweet about everything in the Toy Story series .
The 3D animation is quite beautiful , and there 's the usual bonus of a Pixar short film before the feature , the clever and enchanting Night and Day .
Perhaps it 's more likely to give parents nightmares than children !
While packed to the margins with witty jokes and visual gags , the charming third instalment never loses sight of its emotional core .
Once again , you 're left with a groundswell of admiration for the skilled people at Pixar , who have an uncanny way of balancing emotional weight with outrageous moments of comedy and action .
Anyone who 's ever felt left out and abandoned will understand the emotional heart of this triumphant tale of friendship and loyalty .
I found myself crying a bit for these animated inanimate objects .
One sequence alone has more heart , humour , intellect and hair-raising thrills than most films - live-action or animated - have overall .
... suffice it to say - it 's great .
Good but not great .
As people grow up , life moves on , and it 's inevitable that they 'll part from people , places and things they love . Toy Story 3 illustrates this movingly and with real poignancy .
Amid all the lively antics , this is a thoughtful story about regret for the past and fear of the future .
This is another home run for Pixar . A perfect conclusion to a perfect movie trilogy .
Woody and the gang stare into the abyss in this crazy , inspired homage to jailbreak films
Such a deep wrap-up that it makes the previous two movies feel like episodes , while this movie feels like the summation .
Despite its flaws , it retains the innocence , charm and -LRB- some of -RRB- the wit of the classics , and handles some potentially difficult subjects with Pixar 's now-trademark ingenuity .
Worthy threequel to the wonderful Toy Story franchise with gorgeous animation , terrific vocal performances and a brilliantly written script that 's consistently both laugh-out-loud funny and powerfully emotional .
It does n't try to surpass its predecessors but simply continues the story in such a wonderful , natural progression that it melds with ease into the brilliance that is the Toy Story lore .
Aims right for the sadness and ache that comes along as life shifts around you .
Another Pixar masterpiece , capping a groundbreaking and exciting trilogy . Emotional , well crafted and intelligent . The hallmarks of Pixar quality .
The best of the bunch . Touches the funny bone , the brain and the heart .
The film does go through a lot of extra action sequences just to fill up time -LRB- not just one , but three trips in a dump truck -RRB- but it is worth the wait for that exquisite ending .
Pretty much a perfect film ...
Driven by a good plot and clearly defined characters , Toy Story 3 is injected with humour and powered by fun as the adventure of their lives brings these toys together in ways that will entertain and move you
Everything works : from the excellent voice cast to the way the story naturally evolves and leaves us in a happy place . This is a film that will certainly endure the test of time
Balances rollicking adventure , personality-driven comedy and wrenching pathos with a deftness only surpassed by a handful of animation efforts .
The Pixar team are true masters of their craft . Their stellar cinematic efforts do indeed go to infinity and beyond
Ever moreso than the other films : you only thought you felt bad about your old toys -- oh my God , you 're going to feel horrible .
Are there moments in Toy Story 3 that work ? Yes , and when they hit , they 're very good , which is what makes the film 's overall mediocrity so much harder to take .
The perfect ending to a near perfect series of films .
I was shocked with how much joy and sweet sadness this threequel gave me . I will no longer doubt you , Pixar .
The emotional roller coaster this film takes its audience on is better than anything at Disneyland .
It should n't be surprising that Pixar can make a sequel that retains all the charm of the film that preceded it . After all , they 've done it before .
The storytelling and animation are delightfully engaging .
There is so much to be absorbed here that a second viewing , at least , is a prerequisite .
Pure , unadulterated enjoyment --
At best , Toy Story 3 stands as a refinement of Toy Story 2 , a movie which was an unnecessary sequel to begin with .
Toy Story 3 is a remarkable film and a fitting conclusion to one of the most consistently enjoyable trilogies ever made .
This endearing escapist summer adventure will bring tears to your eyes and is not to be missed . The design work is spectacular and the cinematography is vivid utilizing every color imaginable in the crayon box . The sight gags and jokes make this a. . .
Toy Story 3 feels like a once-every-five-years confluence of perfection in tone , delivery , timing , humor and drama .
The eternal questions that the first two movies raised , about what happens to toys when playtime is over , are answered in ways that are both surprising and gently comforting .
-LSB- I -RSB- t seemed like a good thing not to get one 's hopes up too much ... because how long can Pixar 's streak of genius and spirit and wonder last ? ... -LSB- But this -RSB- brings the overarching story to its satisfying conclusion ...
A fitting finale for a Disney trilogy guaranteed to resonate with kids of any age for generations to come .
If this is the final chapter of the toys from Pixar , then I could n't have imagined a better send off ...
By the high standards of Pixar , the new Toy Story falls slightly short - which means it 's still better than anything else in the computer-animated sweepstakes .
Three-peats may be rare in the sports world , but they 're even harder to achieve in the cinematic realm . Yet Toy Story 3 emerges as the perfect final chapter in a trilogy that 's guaranteed to live on for generations -LRB- to infinity and beyond ? -RRB- .
What a triumph this incredible new ` Toy Story ' adventure is ! It does a terrific job emphasizing the relationship between toys and a child 's imagination .
I wish I could be one of the few to hate on this movie , it 'd drive up my traffic numbers . But I ca n't , it has an Evil Stuffed Bear ! Toy Story 3 is not perfect , but it 's strong . This coming from a Pixar Hater .
Pixar produces the best movies on the planet . Period . Want proof ? After Toy Story 3 the audience cried then cheered . And critics cried . Critics do n't cry . Ever .
Another summer , another Pixar feature , another masterpiece .
The intelligence , wit , emotion and sheer care that the studio brings to this production is more than enough to make up for the few instances where its ambition outstrips its execution .
In TS3 , we come full circle to the biggest question of all : What does it mean not to feel outdated , or misunderstood , but truly useless ? It 's Waiting For Godot at Lego scale .
How dare you , Pixar ! How . Dare . You ... It really is n't fair for other studios who are constantly playing hit-and-miss with the moviegoing public .
Woody 's insistence on rallying everyone back to their bedroom makes him the toy box Tina Turner , and the flick is smart enough to know it .
Toy Story is a funny , touching and most excellent farewell to the characters we 've come to know and love .
Delivers the goods as an engaging animated adventure and also gives the characters we 've come to love the farewell they deserve .
The gags are all of a piece , right up to the forlorn yet enchanting finale .
I hope this is the last Toy Story ... a fitting and moving final chapter that takes the premise of the first movie to its logical conclusion .
Toy Story 3 is so besotted with brand names and product-placement that it stops being about the innocent pleasures of imagination -- the usefulness of toys -- and strictly celebrates consumerism .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- An obvious split between the accomplished progression of the first two movies and the inferior last installment is the departure of the enormously talented writer Peter Docter from the franchise .
Make no mistake : this Toy Story trilogy , and Toy Story 3 in particular , is a great work of art - one of the cleverest pieces of story-telling magic that Hollywood has ever conjured .
It 's said Pixar does n't make bad movies . It may jump the shark one day , but I 'm happy to report that day is n't today .
At its best , most moving moments , Toy Story 3 is a story about the pang of a young adult moving away from home and leaving child-like things behind .
It hits every button from laughter to tears and lifts you up on waves of visual dazzlement . And you do n't need to take a kid along to appreciate it ... Tag it as one of the year 's best .
Suffice it to say that it 's the funniest comedy and the most exciting action movie I 've seen so far this year . -LRB- And I might have ruined a vintage handkerchief during the last 20 or so minutes of the film , but I 'm not saying . -RRB-
What Pixar does better than any other artistic source is make us believe , including the notion that a fourth Toy Story , if it ever happens , would be even more carefully perfected than this .
Toy Story 3 succeeds not because of its glossy and gleaming high-tech pixels , but rather because it is so well-written that you could tell it with low-tech hand puppets and still thrill and reach an audience of children and adults both .
Consider the oft-amusing , terribly clever G-rated sequel Toy Story 3 as the brightest student in the class delivering a very fine B paper .
characters that are as real as a kid 's sense of wonder , and the kind of magic that transports everyone in the audience , regardless of age
Pixar does it again - that is , they take a bunch of animated toys and teach us all about the human heart in an entertaining , magical way .
Enormously entertaining third chapter in the computer-animated series that started it all . Delighted audiences will ensure a long shelf life for Pixar 's iconic toy collection .
Briefly loses its footing during the first hour , but still manages to be an imaginative , witty , poignant and hilarious adventure that will captivate everyone . Bring on Toy Story 4 !
Exactly what this bummer of a summer needs -- a creative , intelligent , heartfelt slice of immensely satisfying entertainment .
Brilliantly tying up the two films that came before in a way that so many sequels fail to do , the geniuses at Pixar have done it again . It 's another masterpiece .
Pixar 's storytelling masterminds serve up yet another exceptional film packed with humor , imagination , adventure and emotional resonance .
A terrific and funny summer adventure .
This is how good `` Toy Story 3 '' is : Even the ending credits have more story arc , more emotional resonance , than many other movies have in their entire running time .
In execution , entertainment value and integrity , the latest Pixar animated feature vastly outdoes the live-action summer movie fare that surrounds it .
If the first half is uncertain , the second is flat brilliant .
Both a paean and a monument to creativity and the love of things that bring us joy . Please reward the studio for giving us the best .
Adults , especially those who had -- or still have -- a favorite toy will grasp the poignancy underlying the entire feature .
I confess : I had to steel myself as if I were preparing for a punch in the face to keep from bawling like a baby during ` Toy Story 3 ' -LRB- which , among many other things , is a very witty spoof of the classic Hollywood prison movie -RRB- .
Can we put Pixar in charge of every movie sequel ?
In the cleverly entertaining Toy Story 3 , Ken is confused and superficial , and also pretty fabulous .
A loving , nostalgic , heartfelt treat for the kid in all of us , ` Toy Story ' may be the most treasured animated trilogy of all time .
is as close to moviemaking perfection as you could possibly ask for and easily stands as not just the summer 's best film , but an easy favorite for the year 's best as well .
As Lotso , Ned Beatty offers the most compelling portrait of avuncular villainy since , well , Ned Beatty in Network , and Michael Keaton 's Ken is the quintessence of himbo-ism .
TS3 is so much more than mere child 's play : a poignant , funny and sometimes surprisingly disquieting experience . Pixar has once again flown to infinity ... and beyond .
Toy Story 3 may not be a masterpiece , but it still had me in tears at the end .
A bona fide summer delight loaded with action , humor , nostalgia , a veritable blizzard of pop-culture references and general good vibes .
My advice ? Bring a tissue .
Dare I say that Toy Story 3 is a perfect film ? Pixar , yet again , delivers a brilliant film that will make you laugh , cheer and even shed a few tears . Bravo !
It 's a soulful movie , but it 's also very nearly as funny as the earlier Toy movies are .
A fitting capstone to a landmark series of animated films .
The Toy Story saga comes full circle with an installment that 's easily as compelling and consistently involving as both Toy Story and Toy Story 2 ...
The third time is n't exactly the charm for this friendly series of films , but this next step in the evolution of Buzz and Woody is dutifully manic and frequently engaging .
A true circle of life that may end as the credits roll here but , as all good souls do , finds a way to begin again in a film that is every bit as wonderful as its predecessors .
It 's a sequel . It 's in 3-D . It has no kiddie-flick competition . Really , how good does it have to be ? Apparently , as good as Pixar can make it .
This third installment co-scripted by Michael Arndt -LRB- `` Little Miss Sunshine '' -RRB- turns out to be a surprisingly dark evocation of Steven Spielberg 's `` A.I. : Artificial Intelligence '' -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , readdressing the fear-of-abandonment theme , and it has several chuckle
A Pixar film is the closest thing you have to a guarantee in Hollywood . Name even one other cinematic enterprise in which you can take your seat , brazenly certain of complete fulfillment .
Toy Story 2 remains the high-water mark , but in this finale Pixar once again reaches for the sky .
How does Pixar keep doing it ? I think it 's voodoo ; does anyone else think it 's voodoo ?
I seem to be defending each issue with a surprising amount of forgiveness . Maybe it 's one of those amazing conundrums where you love the stuff it does , but you hate how it gets there , and you 're stuck with this push-pull of pleasure and remorse .
There 's a saying , not often heard in Hollywood : Third time 's the charm ... Fortunately , Toy Story has had a nice long rest -- it 's been 11 years since part two -- while its makers at Pixar have kept in shape with a string of seven hits .
I do n't want to oversell it , but Toy Story 3 is the single greatest thing mankind has ever produced .
These characters , this story , has matured at arguably the same rate as each installment as hit theatres , the level of insight to be found bordering on the breathtaking .
If in singing the film 's praises one can do no more than follow a familiar hymn sheet , so be it . Like their plastic space ranger , Pixar is a company prepared to reach infinity and beyond , and there 's little sense arguing with such lofty ambition .
... if there is a word more complimentary than perfect I would have used it , but I ca n't come up with one . Wait , now that I think about it , maybe masterpiece is that word . Yep , that will suffice . Toy Story 3 is an absolute masterpiece .
A worthy finale to a fantastic franchise .
This is a highly entertaining , mega enjoyable and extremely well-made pic . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
The Pixar team can combine storytelling , art , and emotion into a movie that still surprises and delights the audience whether they are 4-years old or 94-years old .
Their last playtime , an emotionally potent assertion of the importance of memory and the ongoing cycle of childhood wonderment , has come , and it has been a joyful dance .
A work so effortlessly charming and emotionally powerful that viewers will find their faith in the power and glory of film at least temporarily restored .
Smart , funny `` threequel '' a little scarier than first two .
The ending is the best scene in the best movie of the year , a deeply moving smiling-through-tears moment that I wo n't soon forget .
A fine family film with an edifying tale , endearing and funny characters , and an appealing emotional undertow .
While the 3D `` Toy Story 3 '' is n't utter perfection , as the first two films were , it is a welcome reunion with old friends , often funny and eventually quite moving .
... one of Pixar 's top-three finest works and , if the Academy does what is right , a surefire Best Picture candidate .
The characters have always shown their feelings , but this time around , they show heart , and it makes for the most emotionally satisfying Toy Story of the bunch .
The oft-misused term `` trilogy '' probably will accompany this third film , but Toy Story 3 feels less like a final chapter than a long , superficially satisfying afterword .
The story mixes comedy , drama and action with impressive skill , except this is beyond skill -- this is inspired .
Most giggle-inducing are occasional detours into random silliness . Including a supremely vain and possibly duplicitous Ken doll , and a candy vending machine as a cover for an internal gambling den , where incorrigible toys play with your deposited money .
A fine quality film , affecting and carried out with just the right bittersweet touch . Seek out the 2-D theatrical presentation . The 3-D serves absolutely no purpose and is a disservice to the visual artistry of Pixar .
A worthy finale to one of the screen 's best trilogies .
It 's a beautiful , vibrant story about memories , the passing of time and how you treat the people in your life .
A brief flashback sequence filled with breathtaking mastery of telling , evocative detail ... with wit and style and chase scenes , and then brilliantly , perfectly resolved .
The studio 's third outing with the motley crew of talking toys is ridiculously entertaining , tightly plotted , laugh-out-loud funny and emotionally true . It might even be the best in the series .
Toy Story 3 lives up to its predecessors in terms of cute yet clever humor and action-packed journeys , grabbing you immediately with an incredible opening .
It winds its way gently toward its big themes instead of grabbing desperately at them , and because its plot is so beautifully worked out , getting there is almost all of the fun .
Toy Story 3 is as good as any movie Pixar Studios has made , and better than a few of them . I 'd be tempted to say it 's Pixar 's best film , but it 's a close call .
I wo n't tell you what that ending is , but it took my breath away , and I 'll bet it takes yours . Do see this lovely film sooner than later .
Toy Story 3 pays attention to the reasons we return again and again to the motion picture experience .
Some toys -- and Toy Storys -- are to be treasured forever .
I 'd like to thank the folks at Pixar for ending Toy Story 3 with a nice long gag reel alongside the final credits . It gave me time to blot away my tears before entering the lobby .
Another sentimental journey with some old friends , new scene-stealers and a powerful , heartfelt mix of sugar and spice .
A worthy sendoff for a landmark series .
It 's easily the best film of the summer so far ... if not the entire year .
In a summer that will be littered with bad sequels , bad 3-D and bad storytelling , it is a movie to be heartily embraced .
The best children 's films are n't only for children .
The technical wizardry only enhances Toy Story 3 's emotional resonance .
It 's an emotional dissonance Pixar has always been supremely comfortable with , as Toy Story 3 once again proves with knowing humor , wildly imaginative visual virtuosity and bittersweet rue .
Toy Story 3 is a near-perfect piece of popular entertainment .
Phenomenal . The perfect addition to what is now an unparalleled cinematic trilogy .
Tears tell no lies in the end : Toy Story 3 is sketchy , but it 's also profoundly moving .
Toy Story 3 rouses itself , rung by rung of visual and conceptual invention , until it can stand close to the level of Pixar 's best . More than that : The heart still beats in this franchise 's digital chest .
It might be G-rated , but Toy Story 3 is fully mature .
Toy Story 3 is solid , smile-inducing stuff . But by the inherent nature of a sequel , and our familiarity with the main characters , the glow of originality has dissipated .
It 's all neatly thought out and executed but , at this point , the Pixar mixture of antic slapstick and hard-sell sentimentality has lost some of its potency .
How the animation wizards at Pixar keep coming up with innovative and rapturous stories is one of the miracles in modern film .
You can try to put on your game face , to resist the emotional call of Toy Story 3 . But you 'll find yourself practically sobbing over the fate of inanimate objects .
This film -- this whole three-part , 15-year epic -- about the adventures of a bunch of silly plastic junk turns out also to be a long , melancholy meditation on loss , impermanence and that noble , stubborn , foolish thing called love .
The film never lets banter , visual gags , or the usual manic kid-flick running about interfere with its more delicately handled thoughts on loyalty , longing , broken relationships , and generational continuity .
You 'll probably enjoy it , because it 's good-humored , snappy , endearingly familiar , produced with intelligence and care . But it 's the first Pixar effort that feels less like a creative outpouring and more like an obligation .
More than with any other Pixar film , there 's an edge and sadness that clings to Toy Story 3 , even as it 's bouncing from one zany situation to the next or trotting out some impossibly cute toy character .
Toy Story 3 continues Pixar 's unique tradition of sending grown men out of the theater pretending they 're not crying .
That even grown-up viewers feel invested in the toys ' ultimate destination is indicative of the affection held for this franchise ; that a third movie in a sequence can still offer charm and delight is the cherry on the sundae .
By the time its poetic ending arrives , encapsulating the transformative , continuing power of play , we recognize that none of us move from one stage of life , or beyond , without help from our friends .
Toy Story 3 is every bit as amusing and delightful as its predecessor , but there are darker elements to the saga .
One of the best films of the year , Pixar 's long-awaited latest scores in every department . Funny , affecting and dramatically fearless , it 's as fine a threequel as you could hope for . Bring tissues -- lots of tissues .
Toy Story 3 inspires an uncomplicated adoration : the kind we reserve for our best-loved if ill-worn -- and even occasionally misplaced -- childhood playmates .
It 's a well-earned curtain call for some of the most beloved characters in one of the best-sustained feats of recent cinema .
Yes , Toy Story 3 is a dandy addition to landmark series , and , frankly , the timing of its release could n't be better . A perfect antidote to the news of the `` real world '' , this worthy entertainment will also certainly boost what has been a sagging box office
I know you do n't want to hear that a movie with a `` 3 '' in the title is really good . But it 's really good .
After all is said and done , Toy Story is Andy 's story as much as it belongs to his toys , and we 're not only in that theater to watch him , but we 're seeing him the way that Pixar does .
Though uneven and less witty than the first two , Toy Story 3 delivers quite enough in two dimensions .
I expect its target audience will love it , and at the box office , it may take right up where How to Train Your Dragon left off . Just do n't get me started about the 3-D .
The most mature , most childlike , best movie of the series . Pure joy in a box . Made me happier than any movie has this year so far .
Toy Story 3 is the first truly must-see film of the summer .
Andy , someone has made a movie for us !
It 's pretty much an all-purpose metaphor for , well , everything .
... evokes that time in your life when anything was possible if you had a toy or two and an hour or so on your own .
I feel no sense of guilt here . I still have my first teddy bear ... but it was a wonderful film .
Toy Story 3 is a worthy and delirious final chapter to this hallowed animation franchise .
Pixar has done it again , extending an amazing streak of successes that stretches all the way back to the original Toy Story .
I walked out of Toy Story 3 feeling as if my heart was too full . Pixar has already given us two utterly perfect Toy Story movies , yet this may be the best one yet .
Even with the bar raised high , Toy Story 3 enchanted and moved me so deeply I was flabbergasted that a digitally animated comedy about plastic playthings could have this effect .
Toy Story 3 looks mortality square in the face in a way unheard of for a film ostensibly focused on kids .
Suffice it to say , it 's proof of how much we love these characters that Toy Story 3 breaks your heart like you 've never had it broken before .
A stunning , heartfelt and tremendously entertaining third entry that lives up to the standards of one of the best movie franchises of all time .
A crowning achievement for Pixar .
As usual , the toy-box gang is filled with complex characters with flaws and virtues . The 3-D sequel 's just as strong as the 2-D classics that came before it .
Dazzling , scary and sentimental , Toy Story 3 is a daringly dark and emotional conclusion to the film series that made Pixar famous .
Toy Story 3 is very much a worthy entry in the series , a movie well worth making -LRB- and seeing -RRB- . It continues the legacy . It just does n't expand upon it .
Funnier and more poignant than the previous two Toy Story installments . Up there with WALL-E and Ratatouille as one of Pixar 's best-realized films .
Toy Story 3 is an overwhelming success , rounding out what might just be the best film trilogy ever made .
Clearly , Pixar 's genius for adventurous storytelling continues unabated ; a prison film would seem to be the furthest idea from safe , but the tale poses a serious challenge to the old saw of terrible second sequels .
That rare sequel that lives up to and even surpasses its progenitors ... a pure winner , with more suspense and laughs -LRB- and tears -RRB- than any live-action film so far this year .
Toy Story 3 is a rare meditation on the connections that make us human and the value we place on those connections , and an adventure film in which the greatest treasure you can find is a place called home filled with friends you love .
Adults in the audience will undoubtedly shed a tear or two . But that 's how good the folks at Pixar are : They make you feel genuine emotions for hunks of plastic .
Once it kicks in to unexpectedly become a prison-break thriller , it fires on all cylinders all the way to the finish line .
Uma montanha-russa emocional de fazer inveja a muitos projetos voltados ao público adulto .
Nostalgic in tone and sentimental in ideology , Toy Story 3 lacks the visual and thematic sophistication of Wall-E and Up , but it 's still emotionally touching and likely to please all members of the family .
Woody , Buzz and the gang are back on the screen and that 's cause for major celebration for moviegoers .
Locating a winsome blend of peppy ensemble adventure and nostalgic reflection , Toy Story 3 is the type of film adults might goad their just-as-eager children into seeing again .
On a scale of one to ten , Toy Story 3 goes to infinity , and beyond .
This tertiary adventure delivers welcome yet nonessential fun , landing well after its creators have grown up and succeeded toying with more sophisticated stories .
Woody , Buzz and playmates make a thoroughly engaging , emotionally satisfying return .

@highlight

Deftly blending comedy , adventure , and honest emotion , Toy Story 3 is a rare second sequel that really works .