The filmmakers have us hooked with a terrific mystery and the challenge of a good puzzle .
The best part is that , for once , it 's a film about smart people .
... a cerebral thriller with a different kind of locked-room mystery .
Fermat 's Room appears to be about maths , but it 's more of a whodunnit , and a surprisingly watchable one at that .
This is an ingenious , relentlessly exciting film , a moral fable at once visceral and cerebral .
An ingenious Spanish thriller about maths , sex , ambition and dog poo .
The diabolical m.o. in these things is never really satisfactory , and even the fun of the conceit is somewhat muffled by the film 's lurid colour design and headachey close-ups .
Tense and brainy . And thoroughly entertaining .
Maths boffins + twist of mystery - patchy ending = uneven thriller .
The maths element of the film , which on the surface is its USP , feels like dressing on a taut but tawdry genre thriller .
God knows I 'm no maths genius but even I can spot that if all four hydraulic presses are pushing the walls inwards at once they would simply jam .
The high tension that should come with a race-against-time scenario is never realised , and the film 's solution to the enigma of who-what-and-why this all happened is disappointing .
It 's all done with style , with very little of the strain you might expect from filming in such a restricted environment .
A confidently shot , fast-paced first feature .
The possibility of being squished to a pulp always focuses the mind , although , as this by-the-numbers Spanish thriller proves , it does n't necessarily make arithmetic any more interesting .
This feature debut for co-directors Luis Piedrahita and Rodrigo Sopeña is never quite as clever as it thinks it is , and there are some sizeable holes in the plot . Still , with its teasing sense of play , you wo n't be crawling the walls .
The film is sufficiently tense , economical and fast-moving to warrant a Hollywood remake , but lacks the lethal menace or twisted ingenuity of the original Saw .
An ingenious Spanish thriller .
There 's something dreadfully pedantic about this locked-room mystery .
An ingenious and thoroughly entertaining Spanish thriller .
It 's not as exciting or as clever as it thinks it is and is essentially sub-par Agatha Christie mixed with Cube .
As elegant and addling as the enigma -LRB- s -RRB- at its core , this claustrophobic thriller will keep viewers conjecturing right up to its humanist solution .
The nifty plot and the puzzles that keep coming should be a pleasure for any thinking viewer .
Once the walls start to move , there 's barely a moment to catch your breath as sharp editing , clever camera angles and good use of sound , squeeze the tension of every moment .
And while some of the in-movie puzzles are relatively obvious , the flick as a whole proves to be sort of a puzzle in its own right .



@highlight

This stylish yet disappointingly predictable Spanish thriller is never as exciting or ingenious as it hopes to be .