Above average coming of age story .
A movie that says we might as well pack it in as soon as we turn 18 is more bitter than bittersweet .
What happened to the prodigious vitality of Scott Hicks -LRB- Shine -RRB- : His third feature sugffers from the same stifling artistic treatment that his second did , and this one is based on stories by Stephen King !
Hicks ' film is a beautiful trifle , a neat trick of light and sound to coax empathy
If good cinematographers are ` panning for gold ' with their camera lens , Sobocinski has put his pan in the river and come back with a fortune .
Hearts in Atlantis is a leap of faith with nothing on the other side .
Hearts feels more like a puzzle whose pieces do n't fit together and whose picture , were it to be properly assembled , signifies nothing .
The film has a lot of nice little touches going for it , and while there are the obligatory moments of heartstring plucking underscored by the stir of violins , it never really overdoes things . The only problem is , it 's just been so done already .
You 'll still come away from Hearts in Atlantis wanting to read the book , but had Hicks and Goldman got it right , you would 've run straight from the cinema to buy it .
While this film has the potential to be either a heartwarming coming-of-age story or a tense psychological thriller , it does n't really achieve either goal .
Hopkins continues to turn in one lackluster performance after another .
This movie invokes a sense of nostalgia and a yearning for those childhood friends who , as we grow older , may be forgotten but will never be replaced .
It could have been something special ; instead it is run-of-the-mill .
feels a bit pre-fabricated , although William Goldman 's screenplay sets up intriguing offbeat relationships between Bobby and Ted and Bobby and Elizabeth ...
Una cinta tierna y emocionante por momentos ... pero no termina por convencer .
... minor shortcomings come in its overused setting , slightly lackadaisical pace , and mildly unresolved conclusion , small matters if the movie puts you under its spell .
The elegiac , reflective mood is treated almost incidentally , letting it earn a reaction naturally
I will not deny that it left me with a very nice feeling throughout .
The movie is light years behind the touching celebration of youth found in Stand By Me .
Likeable , nostalgic movie that walks a smooth tightrope between a coming-of-age tale and a dark , long-forgotten Twilight Zone episode .
As I write this review , I find myself growing nostalgic for the film . I want to walk away from my computer and see it again right now . It 's just that good .
... a lazy , unfocused , long summer afternoon of a film , full of good ideas that never get properly developed .
The film hopes your imagination will be better than the author 's in finishing the story .
Director Scott Hicks imbues this fascinating coming-of-age drama with remarkable scenes and an astonishingly rich collection of performances .
A stock tale of mentorship and coming-of-age during one of those eventful summers that only seem to exist in movies .
The acting from Hopkins and young Yelchin is consistently strong .
plays as if it were a rough cut of preliminary scenes that lacks the cohesion that might bring them together into a complete story
Most successful in its construction of the concept of Time .
The nostalgia infusing Hearts in Atlantis often makes the film infuriating , as well as just plain dopey .
Audiences with an appreciation or even a tolerance of this genre will find this to be above average .
-LSB- Hopkins delivers -RSB- a professional performance as always .
Hicks ... coats the film in a bogus idyllic mist that substitutes cheap sentiment for blunt truth .
The unblinking sympathy for kids struggling with evil and with the strange frequencies of prepubescent passion can , if your defenses are down , lay you out .
Though the mystery -- the film 's real draw -- turns out to be less than it seemed at first , the theme of childhood loss still hits home with a beautiful ache .
Falls squarely into the near miss category .
Hearts In Atlantis takes way too much time getting to the point ... and it never seems to figure out exactly what that point is .
If nostalgia was all this film is about , it would n't be worth much . It is more than that .
In the end , though , the film feels cheap and used up -- like watching a two-hour Hallmark special .
Darabont Lite
Hicks 's film is magical , but its magic comes not from the inexplicable phenomena we most commonly associate with King , but from the charms of childhood .
A precious respite from the postmodern era and all that it entails .
Every moment of this Stephen King adaptation is phony .
Hearts in Atlantis works a powerful magical spell on viewers that should touch their hearts and bring smiles , tears and many memories of growing up .
Much of Hearts feels a little empty , a little unmotivated .
Unabashedly sentimental , it 's meant to touch our hearts in profound and important ways , but misses the mark by drawing too deeply from a pool of schmaltz .
This is a good movie to pass through .
A modest , well-made little film .
The story 's enchantment feels forced and coy , its mysteries tricked-up and flimsy .
A fussy piece of schmaltz that makes you long for Stand By Me , a vastly superior coming-of-age tale from King 's pen .
A sweet coming-of-age story set in the summer of 1960 , akin in mood to -LSB- King 's -RSB- Stand by Me .
There 's always a sense it 's tugging at the heart strings , but it does so intelligently , perceptively and sweetly .
Yes , Hearts In Atlantis is emotional button-pushing , but as emotional button-pushers go , it 's up there .
Put simply , the movie drags .
All that early promise goes for naught when the picture approaches the final act , whereupon the various mysteries yield solutions that prove to be silly or sentimental or both .
The performances are all first-rate , reinforcing the promise Hicks showed in the beautifully acted Shine .
Going for transcendence , -LSB- Hicks -RSB- gives us lugubriousness .
A poignant and often beautifully acted film .
Atlantis certainly provides a pleasant diversion . Those who could use a nice , two-hour snooze will also be rewarded .
The acting is so good , you almost want to forgive the fact that they 're not saying anything , and the film has no real point .
Expect to get choked up reliving how you truly cut your teeth .
A pungently evocative , beautifully burnished mood piece .
The film is a melting pot of different Stephen King premises -- with absolutely no resolution by film 's end .
A lumbering collection of unearned pathos and awkward dialogue , shot in a golden Maxfield Parrish glow that inspires more sighs of resignation than nostalgia .
All atmosphere and no action .
The film looks gorgeous -- all late-afternoon sunlight and adorably elfin-yet-serious child actors -- but that truncheon just keeps bashingyou in the head : Is n't ! Growing ! Up ! Scary ! Yet ! Kinda ! Interesting !
The combination of boy 's - life sentimentality and sepia-tinged nostalgia traps the movie 's emotional manipulations before they can take hold .
Hearts in Atlantis is n't really a bad film . It 's just not a good one .
Atmospheric and surprisingly unsettling .
Beautiful looking but surprisingly uninvolving .
For all the excellence of performance and execution , Hearts in Atlantis feels too formulaic .
Taken as simply a short yarn told through a filter of childhood innocence , Hearts in Atlantis tugs at the ol' heartstrings in all the right ways .
The film offers genuine rewards , particularly its understanding of the crossroads that lead a child to adulthood .
Rarely does a movie make you feel so warm and so uneasy at the same time .
A nostalgic fiasco so shameless it makes movies like Simon Birch and Frequency seem as austere as the work of Robert Bresson .
Movie lovers who leave their expectations at the door and treasure fascinating characters and superb acting are in for a treat .
Engaging to watch .
Hicks seems uncertain how to tie up all his loose threads , framing a scene near the end amid diaphanous white sheets on a clothesline .
You come out of the theater with nothing more specific than half-pleasant memories of baseball gloves , Ferris wheels and vintage automobiles . I 've had naps that were more exciting .
Hopkins turns his character 's speeches -- like that one about Atlantis -- into little vaudeville routines . The whole performance , in fact , is one big , tricky shtick .
Too formulaic and discursive to engage our emotions .
In the end , Hopkins ' powerful performance elevates the movie 's seen-it-before feeling . He proves to be not just the heart , but the soul , of Hearts of Atlantis .
Hicks , whose style did not enhance Snow Falling on Cedars , proves to be a good match for this material .
Inspiring without sinking into sentimentality or cliche , `` Hearts of Atlantis '' is intelligent , heartfelt and genuine , a rare story of childhood for adults .
Messy story .
There were a lot of plot threads that were never adequately resolved .
While often told with a contrived hand , the film 's genuine heart and stunning artistry soften the blows of rudimentary storytelling , even healing them .
Once again , Hicks filters a best-selling author 's beautful prose through his camera 's lens with lifeless results .
Purports to show the incalculable impact a mentor can have on a child , but offers a contradictory message through its depiction of the adult version of that child .
Do n't underestimate the appeal of a heart-tugger that 's this well mounted .
It 's not a royal failure , but it is less than Kingly .
Its heart is certainly in the right place , but its head makes some misjudgments .
Ends up suffering from an ironic lack of heart .
As stirring as it is slight , as effective as it is familiar .
Director Scott Hicks has done a fine job with his actors .
Watching it feels like leafing through an old photo album you 've been forced to thumb through one time too many .
This is about the problems of growing up and of friendship , and when it stays on that level , it 's brilliant .
Hearts in Atlantis is too poky and contrived to be a good movie , but its lushly serene atmospherics , given current events , make it a pure slice of sentimental comfort food .
Hearts in Atlantis is , in many ways , a wonderful movie , but it 's too clean and well behaved .
At its best , the movie has that ` a tale told ' quality that Goldman used so winningly in The Princess Bride .
A wonderful , nostalgic piece .
The film version plays like a series of three underdeveloped subplots in search of a movie
-LRB- Has -RRB- that same energy and sentimental allure which has made Stephen King 's softer side such a rich source for utterly engrossing cinema .
For me , the turgid pace and uneven writing muted any appreciation I might have of what it offers .
The characterizations are stock and the film is plot-driven , never getting under the surface or offering fresh insight .
Packs a hearty punch , bringing to mind the wonder and magic of childhood as so spiritedly stirred in King 's earlier but still better `` Stand By Me . ''
Noble yet vague , Hearts in Atlantis is slight yet beautiful to look at .
A swift , solid tale of innocence lost .
The story and characters feel fake and schematic .
In the battle of style versus substance , it 's style by a head .
After having our hearts ripped from us ; Hearts in Atlantis miraculously sets them beating again .
I understand why the ads and even the publicity copy is so vague - how do you describe it ? Go forth , and reward the studio for making this movie .
It 's robbed of any urgency it might have possessed by Hicks ' staid , somber helming ... -LSB- An -RSB- overinflated treatment of King 's slight , slender piece .
A heartwarming coming-of-age pic that prompts its audience to recall the golden days of joyful youth .
A lovingly crafted , nostalgia-filled walk through memory lane .
Overall , this film provides for solid acting , a fun soundtrack and wonderful atmosphere , but very little of resonance or freshness .
Hearts in Atlantis has a lot going for it -- including Sir Anthony Hopkins and some great cinematography . But for a nostalgia movie , it is entirely too forgettable .
The acting is solid from everyone .
Worth checking out for the performances , but in the end it may not satisfy .
Hicks invests the film with a strange , menacing tone that works to lift it from a minor thriller to an interesting psychological drama .
The late Piotr Sobocinski 's cinematography of Bobby and Carol at a local carnival park is sheer magic .
Goldman 's astute screenplay mirrors the way youthful recollections work .
a film in the tradition of King adaptations `` Stand By Me '' and `` The Shawshank Redemption . ''















@highlight

Hearts in Atlantis is well-acted and beautiful to look at , but the movie is nothing more than a mood piece .