It 's true that legions of fans wo n't likely find the reality traumatizing once they are old enough to finally grasp it . Nevertheless , the film is hypocritical in the moral lesson it attempts to impart .
... a generic coming-of-age teen drama ...
Basically super-sizes the formula of the successful television series for a Hannah-hungry audience of multiplex moppets .
... More bittersweet , even melancholy , than it has any right to be .
Best approached as a test as to whether Cyrus has a future career once the hype inevitably blows out . And the answer is ...
Hannah Montana : The Movie is n't exactly high art , but that 's not really the point , is it ?
As a fan film , Hannah Montana : The Movie rates a 7 or 8 out of 10 , but if you judge it straight-up it 's probably closer to a 6 .
A tweener-mesmerizing mix of music-induced mass hysteria coupled with some homespun cordiality courtesy of a colorful collection of harmless hicks .
The film is sweet and innocent , just as one might expect . While not horrible , I ca n't heap praise on it either .
... Hannah Montana : The Movie , its light and empty , cotton candy made out of sugar substitute , not the real sweet deal .
It 's predictable , it 's overacted , it 's little more than a longer version of the TV show -- and it 's a guaranteed hit among loyal fans of the fictional pop star .
The way this movie ends is so wrong that it does n't deserve a pass as frothy entertainment . Why ? Because it 's actively sending a bad message to kids . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
You would think after all these decades of making these kinds of movies Disney would do a better job with this , but it really is terrible .
It 's wholesome hokum , to be sure , but of a very high standard .
The perfect combination of old and new versions of the American Dream : country girl riding out into the misty wilderness by day , and teen pop phenomenon by night .
A perpetual Disney identity crisis that involves a blonde wig , a prepubescent Vertigo-meets Jekyll and Hyde-meets High School Musical .
Wo n't shake up the movie world , but it is a family film that 's easy enough to like while overlooking the fact it sprouts corn and movie cliches .
Older viewers will find plenty to smile at , even if it is simply recognising that you would have absolutely loved this movie when you were twelve-years-old .
Fans will be ecstatic about Miley 's cinematic adventure . For everybody else , the humour will be cheesy , the romance at a primary school level , but this light , nice movie is undeniably likeable all the same .
Kevin Irwin - As cynical exercises in teen marketing go , it 's all relatively painless and , whisper it , great fun at times .
The film slips into American schmaltz at times , but it 's really a thing of wonder - an infectious and irresistible fantasy that all the family can enjoy .
The producers thus having their apple pie and eating it .
My own idea of hell on earth but , for girls of a certain age , this is more appealing than just about anything else on the planet .
There 's a predictable plot , a few catchy songs and a shoe fight with Tyra Banks . In short : lazy but functional tween fare .
While Cyrus 's droll performance -LRB- Miley 's not Billy Ray 's -RRB- deserves better material , this is still amply entertaining .
Remember where you were when you first saw the ` Hit Me Baby , One More Time ' video ? For just 102 minutes of your time now you 'll be rewarded with a lifetime 's - worth of satisfying star-watching .
You have to be true to yourself and your roots , particularly if you live a lie . As moral messages go , the one peddled by Hannah Montana the Movie could do with some fine-tuning .
This parent-child love story , glancingly expressed through the potent medium of country music , often had me wondering if anyone in the cinema had a number for Tennessee social services .
Blackpool 's own Peter Chelsom gets stuck in behind the camera - or should that be stuck ? At least this follow-your-heart pap throws out the odd stray zinger : `` Fabulous news - Beyoncé has double pneumonia ! ''
You might be rather surprised at just how likeable the bubblegum teen romance of Hannah Montana : The Movie actually is . And this is due in no small part to the superior comic acting chops of amiable bow-legged songbird , Miley Cyrus .
A commercial product it may be , but there 's a lot to like in this well-crafted Disney confection , which presents a positive role model who learns the value of family , friendship and the perils of losing that to fame and popularity .
Fans will love this bright if bland romp , but it lacks that crossover appeal to make it a guilty adult pleasure .
Extolling the virtues of honesty , decency , friendship and family while portraying capitalism as the root of all evil , this big-screen outing for Disney 's latest pop princess is a wholesome treat for her legions of young fans .
With its kid-friendly mix of tunes and chaste romance , this is sure to leave its target demographic grinning widely .
Kids will love this , put adults might find this a bit too much .
It 's all good , clean fun but bland , corny and forgettable , too .
Admittedly I 'm not the target audience , but this heavy-handed tale of cute 'n' spunky young Miley getting back to her rural roots is tough to swallow .
Even primary school age children will have seen this `` finding your true self '' story before - and will also be familiar with the falling-off-ladders type of humour which dominates .
The film ends in infectious good-humour . It seems perfectly calculated for its intended market , unlike Wolverine .
This Disney film is a hand-tooled , eight-cylinder charm offensive : the landscape is ravishingly shot , the songs are cute and the plot moves from slapstick to romance at a cracking pace . Your 13-year-old daughter will utterly love it .
Completely predictable , sickeningly sentimental and definitely limited in its appeal to diehard fans only .
I ca n't actually claim that his take on Hannah Montana is anything more than a basinful of easy entertainment for younger teens , it does what it sets out to do with commendable fluency and zeal .
There 's no doubting Miley 's boundless energy , but this is strictly for fans - it 's not as much fun as you might expect and the message it sends out is confused , to say the least .
Hannah Montana : The Movie is completely worthless to anyone older than their early teens .
Put simply , the film is delightful family entertainment .
Professional duty compelled me to sit through last year 's Hannah Montana 3D concert film , so I speak with authority when I say this is mildly more endurable , if only because there are fewer songs .
The script ... jumps through the requisite sitcom hoops , setting up such wacky situations as having Miley and Hannah show up in the same place .
In Hannah Montana : The Movie , Miley Cyrus gets back to her roots , re-learns the importance of family , and purges herself of the poisons of materialism . For a minute .
Good grief . The same guy who directed this also helmed one of my favorite movies .
The film is absolutely functional , and deserves no praise greater than `` it 's no worse than it ought to be '' .
Would I have watched the film willingly if I did n't have to review it ? Of course not , but I 'm not going to begrudge those around my age and older who actually do want to see it from doing so if they so choose .
` Real life ' as envisioned by folks whose idea of such was obviously cobbled together from the more backward examples of 1950s sitcoms .
Nice , clean entertainment but maybe too sweet for anyone over twelve
Hannah Montana fans will be in hog heaven over this country-fried fun .
Cyrus , as always , is a professional charmer -LRB- it 's hard to resist when she leads a hip-hop hoedown -RRB- , and the crusty folkiness of Billy Ray Cyrus as her real-life dad is as welcome as ever .
The bottom line is that I do n't think you are going to care .
Aside from a few cameos and a big benefit concert to save her hometown from evil land developers , there 's nothing really that makes the movie stand out from the TV show .
It 's a pretty dumb , predictable story , but for a ten year-old girl , the target audience , Hannah Montana : The Movie is good , clean G-rated fun without so much as one wet kiss .
It 's all in good fun , even if it is n't actually much fun .
If you 're old enough to drive yourself to the theater , this is not for you . But if you have a ` tween girl living in your household , for her , it 's a must-see .
... plays like a cornball extension of Miley 's terminally cutesy televised vehicle . Sadly , it 's not the best of both worlds for Miley Cyrus or Hannah Montana in this jagged juvenile farce .
The Easter Bunny will have to share the weekend spotlight with 16-year-old pop culture sensation Miley Cyrus . This movie will touch your heart and provide surprises as you watch this country girl just having fun .
More Hee Haw than ha ha -LRB- kids , ask your parents or grandparents -RRB- Hannah Montana : The Movie is like the Hannah Montana TV show only longer . Way longer .
This film is n't out to win over the Internet fanboy audience . I ` ts not out to find new supporters in the New York art houses . It 's all about giving the fans what they want .
` If you guys do n't mind , I 'm gon na add a little hip-hop to this hoedown , ' announces Miley , contributing a quote to the culture that needs to be sampled , pronto ...
Thin as a flip-flop and as complicated as a scrunchy , the plot is barely enough for half a movie . At the 45-minute point , things are pretty much wrapped up .
. . family entertainment in the best sense , in that it 's not something adults would watch on their own , but it 's not something they have to endure in pain , either .
Falls flat as a contrived drama and dull , vapid comedy . Only easily pleased fans of Miley Cyrus will find it to be mildly amusing and harmless , but everyone else will often be painfully bored and wish that it were over sooner .
I 'm almost embarrassed at how entertained I was .
Like the girl at its center , Hannah Montana The Movie ai n't perfect , but it sure is likable , and a whole lot of fun .
Hannah 's music and Miley 's romance are sure to wow tweens .
I 'm not much of a fan of the whole Hannah thing , but it 's pretty clear that young Miss Cyrus is the real deal .
Cyrus is energetic and appealing on the big screen , and she comes across as singularly unimpressed with herself .
The rest of the time it 's up to Cyrus to keep things light , and her undeniable charisma radiates from the big screen as strongly as it does on the small one .
Assorted conflicts and adventures ensue , and the movie overall is painless if not exactly electrifying .
Mawkish but energized .
If you 're no longer old enough to carry a Hannah Montana lunch box , this movie will feel like punishment .
Improbably entertaining .
Asked to anchor a full-length movie , she simply does n't have the chops to pull it off .
Who cares if it gives anyone over the age of 12 a headache ? The state of Hannah Montana is little-girl paradise .
As critic-proof as they come , Hannah Montana : The Movie is sure to delight the tweenagers who adore the Disney Channel series .
I found myself caught up in the pure , joyful sort of innocence of the story . Granted , it 's a story that does n't make a lick of sense to the outside world ...
A fun musical with the spiritual messages that the journey is what matters and who we are has a lot to do with where we come from .
Parental Content Review
It 's not detestable and wo n't give you food poisoning , however , it 's another one of those movies that is just bland and reaches for nothing more than mediocre .
The most surprising thing about Hannah Montana is not how it breaks out of its clichéd constraints , but how high it flies in spite of them .
I may be putting my career on the line for this but this movie was enjoyable , well directed and well acted .
I do n't buy Billy Ray Cyrus as Miley 's dad .
You grant a little leeway for a movie aimed at kids , but come on . Plenty of kids ' movies are clever and make sense . This one is n't and does n't .
This may be the single most convoluted film that Billy Ray Cyrus has ever been featured in and bear in mind , the guy did appear in `` Mulholland Drive . ''
The nicest thing one can say about the film is that at least it 's not The Suite Life of Zack & Cody : The Movie .
The movie looks and sounds like a real film , not an extended version of the TV show . The acting and the cinematography is bumped up a notch .
Cyrus has maintained an honorably wholesome image , and this feature-length spinoff of the sitcom does nothing to hurt it . But it also does nothing to help Cyrus or the audience evolve .
This probably wo n't sway the unconverted into becoming fans , but it should please the more than 180 million viewers of the hit Disney Channel series .
A mix of musical numbers , down-home country cliches and silly slapstick , it was clearly crafted with her biggest aficionados in mind .
Parents will find their suspension of disbelief stretched thinner than a beanpole at the movie 's climax , though the kiddie target audience will likely walk away enchanted by the overall message of hometown goodwill .
In the end , Hannah Montana : The Movie is big , beautiful , a little boring and utterly safe .
Combo hick flick musical , big screen image cleanup community service stint and worst of both worlds hide and seek story , while chasing down that playing hard to get ho hum Marlboro boy next door .
Hannah Montana : The Movie is an excuse for some generically catchy songs and a showcase for Miley Cyrus ' charmingly chipmunk-cheeked smile ; and on that level , it works well enough .
There 's nothing subtle or unexpected about Hannah Montana : The Movie . But its intended audience of prepubescent girls probably wo n't mind . Still , it 's hard not to wish the same wholesome message could be conveyed with a bit more finesse and originality .
Undoubtedly , Hannah Montana : The Movie will appeal to Cyrus ' core audience , but the chances of this sanitized , prepackaged effort expanding her fan base is about nil .
For its target audience , oblivious to the film 's narrative crossed wires , it 's definitely three-star entertainment .
Has there ever been a more critic-proof film than Hannah Montana ? Montana is targeted with laser precision at an audience barely old enough to read , let alone pay attention to what laptop-toting wretches have to say about its aesthetic shortcomings .
Ultimately , the fan-pleasing HMTM and its bestselling soundtrack album are about building new bridges .
The movie 's only mission is to further a brand , and it exists specifically to prop up its song list , which includes the latest dance craze , ` Hoedown Throwdown , ' in which Miley exhorts us to pop it , lock it and , to the best of our abilities , ` polka-dot it .
now , at least , I understand the hoopla surrounding this spunky , cool , and charismatic young performer
The movie will satisfy Cyrus fans and give their families a sense of why they love her so much .
Likable in segments but its heart is n't quite in the right place . In its last minutes , the film spinelessly squanders the chance to be more than just sugary junk food .
Hannah Montana : The Movie has performance numbers -- the first one fancifully blurs the line between a live Hannah concert and a music video - flat melodrama , and such guest stars as Rascal Flatts and Taylor Swift , as themselves .
Like 2003 's Lizzie McGuire movie , Hannah breaks little new ground but makes the big screen shift with liveliness and sense of humor impressively intact .
No better than cable-quality , and devoted fans really deserve something beyond assembly-line stuff when their TV idols are brought to the big screen .
Miley is charming , but every element of this concotion is calculated for commercial reasons , which would have been no problem if the picture was less formulaic and more engaging or entertaining .
Director Peter Chesholm does a fine job moving Hannah out of its $ 14.95 Disney Channel set and onto a bigger canvas .
I might not possess the tools to compute country star cameos and vital supporting characters , but an infuriatingly slack pace does n't need a weekend cram session of DVD box sets to detect .
Hannah Montana : The Movie , like an Elvis film , is an all-American corporate product designed to please people fast and make money , an occasional treat like a soda pop or a cheeseburger ... and just as bad for kids if that 's all they ever consume .
A brightly colored yet cheap-looking affair .
Nothing but an impersonal product manipulating kids who do n't know better . All Hannah Montana does is steal their lunch money .
As teen fantasy Hannah has worked well enough to meet fan approval . And I liked her concert film from last year . But The Movie , inoffensive though it is , suggests they 're over it . Maybe we should be , too .
The movie repeatedly knocks Miley down a peg and humiliates her whenever she expresses an interest in blooming into international sensation Hannah full-time .
Resistance is futile .
Miley Cyrus , aka Miley Stewart , aka Hannah Montana races through a life penned by Charlie Kaufman and packaged by Disney .
Part musical , part coming-of-age romance , all clichéd .
You do n't eat a Twinkie to lose weight , and you do n't see this film to challenge yourself emotionally or intellectually .
Miley 's return to her Tennessee roots goes a little heavy on the country corn .
A goofily endearing romp that might even lasso a few new fans .






@highlight

While youthful Miley fans wo n't complain , Hannah Montana the Movie is little more than a formulaic Disney Channel episode stretched thin .