a highly enjoyable throwback to gritty '70s crime thrillers that were made without wires , CGI , or hyperkinetic editing and instead relied on stunts , narrative twists , and star power
-LSB- Jack Reacher -RSB- is slick and superbly shot .
This hard-charging action flick , based on the bestselling series of novels by Lee Child , is a throwback to the tough-nosed crime dramas of the 1960s and 1970s .
It 's so forgettable that its rewatchability factor could be off the charts .
Plain , cleanly directed meat-and-potatoes action filmmaking that aspires to competence and simplicity . A nice change of pace .
Usually McQuarrie keeps things light , letting us enjoy the fantasy of one man defending himself against five enemies with nothing but his fists .
Christopher McQuarrie 's Jack Reacher is that rare blend of hard-hitting action and smooth-talking dialogue that makes for an entertaining film .
Cruise does his best to keep a straight face and make himself halfway believable as a brainy roughhouser - think of a less intense Jason Bourne - but ridiculous plotting undermines his efforts .
McQuarrie deftly intermixes observations on human nature - aware that in life , as in all great mysteries , people are not so easily described as `` killer '' and `` victim . '' Part of why you root for Jack Reacher is his empathy for these foibles and follies .
Jack Reacher revolves around wild impossibilities and baffling motivations , and the conclusion is a whopper that outdoes everything I 've discussed above .
Another macho loner fights for justice
A violent adaptation of the bestselling novels about an Iraq War veteran turned vigilante investigator .
... a better-than-average modern-day thriller that hopefully marks the start of a promising new series .
Cruise may be getting older , but he 's still the best action star in Hollywood . `` Jack Reacher '' is typical of the kind of smart choices he 's making these days . We could really use more films like this one .
` Jack Reacher ' is a lot smarter than you 've been led to believe by the ads .
It 's easy to like the idea of a Jack Reacher movie ; it takes a little more effort to like the one writer-director Christopher McQuarrie -LRB- who penned ` The Usual Suspect 's -RRB- has made .
There is a dogged leanness to Reacher 's pursuit that lifts his adventures from the generic rut ...
Another notch on Tom Cruise 's action hero belt and demonstrates why he is still one the most bankable action men in Hollywood
This is solid , enjoyable , formula-driven stuff designed to self-replicate into a film series , nothing more - and there 's nothing wrong with that .
Reacher is a fascinating character , to be sure , both a virtuous crusader for justice and a cold-blooded killer . Here 's hoping that any future big-screen installments might develop those conflicted sides into something with a darker edge .
An often outlandish , overly talky crime-procedural drama that seems like a vanity project its marquee star must have wanted to do with his director buddy while waiting for their next `` Mission Impossible '' collaboration .
So long as you accept that the twain will never meet between the film and book versions of Jack Reacher , you should be able to enjoy each exclusively if not necessarily as a compliment to one another .
-LRB- Cruise -RRB- ... is assisted by a fine supporting cast that includes , besides Pike , Jenkins and Herzog , David Owelolo , Jai Courtney and Cruise 's old buddy , the great Robert Duvall who , at age 81 , continues to amaze .
Unless you cast Yao Ming as Bilbo Baggins , what bearing does height have on a characterisation ? Thank Christ that Cruise has an unwavering sense of self , as Jack Reacher is old school action dynamite .
Ultimately , the film rises and falls on Cruise 's aggressively magnetic performance .
A less robotic lead would have been appreciated , but McQuarrie has delivered an efficient action-crime film with Reacher as the sort of unstoppable , ultracompetent reluctant hero once played on the B-movie circuit by Chuck Norris .
CSI : Tom Cruise
Rosamund Pike 's underwritten role mostly requires her to goggle at Reacher 's deductive genius and swoon at his pecs , but even if Jack Reacher wo n't leave nonpartisan viewers weak at the knees it still delivers straightforward genre thrills .
As the melodrama unfolds , Jack Reacher might occasionally feel like a minor work in Tom Cruise 's filmography ; hindsight may reveal it to be one of his most accomplished and defining characterisations .
If Cruise 's fantasy superhero garners as many staunch fans ... we may be witnessing the birth of a new franchise .
He may not look the way Lee Child described him in his books , but for movie fans Tom Cruise is Jack Reacher .
Jack Reacher tips constantly into self-parody and does n't know how to signal it , like someone trying to wink at you without the benefit of eyelids .
-LSB- Cruise -RSB- seems more overreacher than Reacher , while the dependable Jenkins and the seductive Pike drift through the action with nothing to get a purchase on .
The acting is very strong in this film and the action scenes are handled well . The story is fairly standard , but the characters are not , particularly Reacher , who is very mysterious and interesting .
I know I 'm not the only one who appreciates a lack of ambiguity when watching a dude get his testicles crushed .
A workmanlike caper that makes for an underwhelming start to a potential franchise .
Cruise delivers on the action front and the script from Usual Suspects writer Chris McQuarrie , who is also on directing duty , gives proceedings just the right level of knowing humour .
It delivers some refreshingly dark down-to-earth crime action .
-LSB- A -RSB- flaccid thriller adapted by Christopher McQuarrie from Lee Child 's series of novels .
It 's high-gloss tripe with noir pretensions .
What 's missing ? Chutzpah .
There 's no room for Reacher in modern cinema 's action crowd .
Child 's more open-minded readers and those unfamiliar with his ex-military hero can rest assured that Cruise 's Reacher is a character of considerable screen substance .
Entertaining thriller that serves up an unusual but effective blend of cheese and violence ...
Cruise has created a protagonist that is full of personality . He has a sharp sense of humour -LRB- evidenced in so many scenes -RRB- and a smart , calculating mind .
Not a classic , but entertaining enough .
... merely wants us to accept Reacher wholesale as an old-fashioned avatar of Eighties maverickdom , and to recruit us to a potential franchise of Reacher 's investigative overreaching .
Jack Reacher includes sufficient eccentricities to keep it enjoyably strange .
The ultimate marriage between Action Guy Tom Cruise and Non-Tom Cruise Tom Cruise .
Played with blowhard sociopath gusto by the diminutive , five-foot-seven , Tom Cruise , who tries to prove size does n't matter .
In terms of pulp thrills , and shirtless stars , this is sturdy enough , but Jack Reacher never exceeds anyone 's grasp .
Christopher McQuarrie and Tom Cruise deliver on their promise , with a witty , violent take on Reacher that makes up for its lack of height with an abundance of smarts and thrills .
Jack Reacher already feels as if it belongs to another era .
A clumsily condensed mystery/thriller novel made into a movie that offers little more than every other clumsily condensed mystery/thriller novel made into a movie .
A workmanlike action thriller , competent but never particularly thrilling .
Jack Reacher is an absurdly self-confident , sociopathically laser-focused detective-bot . That is to say , he 's a hero that only Tom Cruise could love .
The dialogue is often unintentionally funny and Cruise 's performance is all wrong .
... a fun , slam bang action movie . But Tom Cruise is not Jack Reacher . If this is to be a series , they need to find someone appropriate for the role .
Cruise may not be six-feet-two , but he 's believable as a tough guy who can take down brawny opponents in a street fight .
Tom Cruise is really why you want to see this movie . The material is solid , there 's just enough action to keep you interested . This is how you do an adaptation - you do not need to know anything about the source material to enjoy it
It 's doubtful that it will be remembered so fondly in years to come -LRB- unless it 's because of their nonsensical decision to waste Richard Jenkins -RRB- , but it 's fun while it lasts .
With Cruise whipping off his shirt and flexing his muscles with all the eager-to-please zestiness of Taylor Lautner in the Twilight series , it 's clear that this is a vanity project of the highest order . But it 's also a movie full of pleasant surprises .
Robert Duvall brings a delicious zest to his scenes that almost make us forget that this is a movie in which a man is asked to bite off his own fingers .
The combination of strong mystery , eccentric characterization , off-kilter humor , and sporadic , yet effective , action makes Jack Reacher feel different from the garden variety tough-guy-solving-a-crime thriller .
Predictable plot twists and chase scenes ensue in a stylish but otherwise old-school thriller . But the events of last week encourage deeper reflection on what we seek from the violence that is so casually depicted in today 's movies .
Not every action piece has to be full throttle insanity , and some films benefit from intelligent design to balance out scenes of ass-kickery and henchmen deaths - like Jack Reacher .
Had it come out in September and starred Nicholas Cage rather than being a big Christmas release with an A-list actor , I would have been much more forgiving .
... with Clint Eastwood too old for this stuff now , a reminder of this kind of thing is n't bad
-LRB- ... -RRB- the older Arnie never did like taking his top off to this degree . But while Cruise might lack the inches , he 's still impressively fit enough at 50 to be kicking lots of butt .
This movie is a turkey gone rancid .
A mediocre Tom Cruise mystery thriller that 's entertaining in the moment but instantly forgettable .
Writer-director Christopher McQuarrie paces his film at a steady clip , and the requisite car chases and action sequences are well executed . But his attempts at shoehorning humor into tense standoffs play to groans and silence .
Werner Herzog , better known as one of the finest living directors , plays a bad guy with Teutonic relish . If he does n't watch it , he 'll have a whole other career for himself playing dead-eyed villains .
This is brisk , attention-grabbing , and generally unpretentious -- basically an old noir programmer inflated to blockbuster proportions .
Jack Reacher is a frame for Cruise to flex his -LRB- aging -RRB- action muscles but that does n't mean the film fails to satisfy with plenty of excitement , charm , and head-stomping .
Jack Reacher provides what fans of the books will want to see .
A lean , violent thriller with clever , noir-ish plotting . The film should find an appreciative audience of action fans and Tom Cruise junkies .
The kind of thriller that looks more old-fashioned by the minute ...
As a vehicle for Cruise , Jack Reacher is n't an entirely comfortable fit , but makes for an undemanding slice of thick-ear mainstream entertainment .
Serviceable but forgettable Cruise thriller is very violent .
It only ends up reminding us of how much better Cruise 's riskier , more personal work - particularly his outside-the-box performances in pictures like `` Tropic Thunder , '' `` Magnolia '' and `` Rock of Ages '' - truly is .
Reacher is limited by a lack of originality and hampered by thematic clichés and generic action sequences .
A movie that never pretends to be a film , it 's like a puffed-up Law & Order episode done well - the kind of guilty pleasure popcorn movie people always tried to convince me Bourne was . Why has n't Werner Herzog played a bad guy before ?
Cruise is too mature , diminutive and fine-looking for the role , even if he has gym-sculpted abs , which he manages to show off .
See Tom fight . See Tom shoot . See Tom in some other movie .
It 's touching beyond measure to see an ex-jarhead and a former soldier putting aside their differences in a display of mutual respect , understanding and shooting bad guys in the face .
A wildly ill-advised miscalculation , with Cruise 's virtually unstoppable appeal butting uncomfortably against Reacher 's alternately cocky and downright crude cynicism .
An efficient mesh of a 1990s John Grisham-esque thriller procedural with a 1970s vigilante movie . A confident and well-paced crowd pleaser .
Ill-timed , well-made , full of macho posturing and cliches .
Cruise and his usual application of intensity make his character and thus the overall work go down fairly easily . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Uneven , but Cruise and the superb stripped down action more than makes it worthwhile .
-LSB- McQuarrie -RSB- spreads a unearned veneer of intelligence over ... a plot one character aptly describes as ` grassy-knoll ludicrous . '
The novels are a film franchise waiting to happen . Judging by this film , though , I 'd say they 'll have to wait a little longer .
Has moments of inviting escapism , but it 's also a mystery of debatable importance . In the end , writer/director Christopher McQuarrie makes an engaging feature , but often chooses the wrong elements to emphasize .
... A smart whodunnit punctuated by visceral action and sly wit .
Reacher is a great character , but the movie gets sillier and more over-the-top as the film moves towards its conclusion .
Watching Reacher piece this puzzle together , my overarching feeling was `` Who cares ? '' rather than `` Who dunnit ? ''
If you can get past the first twenty minutes of the film you are in for a pretty solid action film .
The movie is pretty entertaining , but its mix of humor and macho gun-play ensures that any laughs will be of the uncomfortable variety .
Cruise may not be statuesque , but he could be carved out of stone in this role . Imagine the hubris of a man who does n't bring a gun to the final shootout , relying instead on his bare hands and a rock . Needless to say , the rock makes a bigger impact .
What Cruise offers is not brawn but a raw and savage intelligence .
As the twisting and turning revelations unfold , the movie 's grasp of and focus on its titular character lessen .
Each clue is carefully conceived and intelligently executed ; each one makes sense without pandering to the lowest common denominator .
Think of this as Tom Cruise 's chance to play a Jason Statham character , and that alone should tell you what to expect .
This film is so well-directed , that it almost fools you into thinking it 's a good movie . It 's not bad by any measure , but since it had a hard time figuring out just what kind of tone to have , it 's not wholly successful either .
While Jason Bourne could dogfight Reacher with his man sack squished in a vice grip and the safety left on his Sig 228 gun while smoking some serious Maui wowie reefer , `` Jack Reacher '' has one twist you 'd never expect : its star is n't its title character .
Gradually , ` Jack Reacher ' overcomes its eerie early parallel to the most recent awful public shooting and becomes what it is - a skillfully plotted , disposable mystery that may serve as a launching pad to a new franchise for Tom Cruise .
Cruise is all set to make this the start of a new action franchise and while he delivers , the rest of the film is a silly , plodding effort that never fully comes together .
If `` Jack Reacher '' falls into more predictable patterns , it does open up some potentially fascinating avenues to take the title character if this were to turn into an ongoing franchise .
An average action film , made slightly better by Cruise , and more bizarre by Herzog , and more watchable by Pike , but still within the average range , a silk purse that still says oink .
-LSB- L -RSB- ike a midseason episode of a basic-cable detective show you 've never heard of .
There 's nothing groundbreaking going on here , and that 's part of the charm . It 's just a well-told story of a man doing what 's right .
Angry Jack Reacher fans were absolutely right : Hiring a Hobbit-sized Hollywood superstar to play giant Jack was a serious error .
Very dumb and surprisingly lethargic ... a clumsy collection of genre cliches .
A workmanlike take on `` Jack Reacher '' that fittingly adapts Child 's fragmented sentences and blunt-force drama . Call it `` Hemingway of the Gun . ''
No worse and maybe a little better than most of the vigilante movies that clutter the multiplex .
As the details mount , and the star does what stars do , it starts to seem like a good bag of potato chips . There 's no nutritional value , but darned if you do n't keep eating .
The picture is joyless and perfunctory . Call it Mission : Possible .
My enjoyment of Jack Reacher winds up outweighing my dislike , but it was a bumpy road to get there .
The movie is muscle-car chase-scene Chevy heaven , with Reacher tearing around in a cherry vintage Chevelle .
This movie is the height of by-the-book dullness .
The actor can do cool and calculating , it 's the meaning behind it that never flickers to life . `` Jack Reacher '' plays like Cruise on cruise control .
The film is a bit confused on where it stands on issues of brutality and revenge , but not where it stands on government efficiency .
-LSB- Cruise -RSB- does n't turn in his finest work , frankly , but he 's still a solid presence who holds together an otherwise generic thriller .
A rare chance to see a big-screen mystery that makes sense and does n't take itself too seriously .
There 's no spark between the leads . Cruise and Pike look as if they 're just saying lines and occasionally talking over one another .
Reacher fans will probably be happy enough with this debut outing for their hulking hero .
The pace is slow at times , but the results are satisfying enough to want more .
The violence is plenty , and pointless .
The film is as incompetent , manipulative , safe , and disposable as any number of nickel-and-dime actioners , but goes to great , unconvincing lengths to insist it 's different .
There 's a fine line between macho wish fulfillment and delusional fantasy , and `` Jack Reacher '' crosses it .
An old-fashioned , supremely entertaining action picture that shows Cruise , who turned 50 this year , has still got it .
-LSB- An -RSB- outrageous but entertaining pulp-melodrama thriller .
Tom Cruise bulks up as best as he can , and he has playful sexual chemistry with Rosamund Pike , but `` Jack Reacher '' ultimately proves too formulaic .
A solid if unspectacular crime thriller .
What the movie sorely needs is a more intriguing detective - a hero human enough to sometimes make mistakes .
It 's intended to expand a popular fiction franchise into film , but the workmanlike direction of Christopher McQuarrie , although sporadically entertaining , may doom this flick to one-off status .
Unlike Quentin Tarantino 's much-longer Django Unchained , Jack Reacher not only knows how to turn violent justice into entertainment but where to draw the line .
Exciting , escapist entertainment
The self-confident , supercompetent Reacher is a character Mr. Cruise could play in his sleep , which is pretty much what he does .
`` Jack Reacher '' does its work sleekly and well .
Jack Reacher is n't much of a man , and Jack Reacher is n't the story of a man . It 's mythmaking for self-satisfied sociopaths .
Goes the long way around , building to a colossal anticlimax . Still , getting there is an admittedly -LRB- if intermittently -RRB- entertaining ride .
Cruise carries off the part with a bruising panache , as at home in a brawl or car chase as he is in droll banter with the mere mortals who surround him .
Despite its adaptation from an airport bookstore novel , the movie rivets , the 130 minutes flying by like the inevitable crime-story police chopper .
As producer and star , Tom Cruise has made a film that is at once a vanity project , possible franchise and , if one is to be honest , a crowd pleaser .
Cast and production value went quite a long ways for me in smoothing out an otherwise bumpy road .
It 's the Tom Cruise paradox ; he 's a great actor who 's stopped acting . He ca n't vanish into a role , but then he does n't have to .
Jack Reacher errs on the side of taking itself too seriously , and in simplifying the story becomes more of a standard-issue action thriller -- while most of us know that Reacher and Cruise are capable of something more
This film is deader than the corpses that litter the screen .
I enjoyed JACK REACHER enough that I 'd be happy to see this turn into a franchise for Mr. Cruise .
Jack Reacher is a crisp actioner and mystery from writer/director Christopher McQuarrie .
Even when the film is cool , it manages to be wrong .
Besides being a mind teaser , `` Jack Reacher '' offers the muscular thrills of a ` 70s action flick ...
Logic is rarely the point in movies like this -LRB- and the novels that inspire them -RRB- . There 's much to enjoy here ...
This is Cruise 's show . And he nails it . The patented smile is gone , replaced by a glower that makes Jack Reacher a dark and dazzling ride into a new kind of hell .
Cruise may not be the same size as the Reacher of the novels , but this is every bit as entertaining as any fan of the character could hope .
It 's hard not to laugh .
Heart-stopping , smart , taut and electrifying . It 's one of the finest suspense thrillers in years .
Jack Reacher is trash , but since when is that a bad thing ? If this should kick off a franchise , there are far worse signatures than a knowing sense of humour . It might just be what 's missing from all those other deathly grim series out there .
Jack Reacher moves with a confident gait and streamlined sense of purpose .
In genre terms it 's a police procedural , but director Christopher McQuarrie -LRB- of The Usual Suspects fame -RRB- shows how to make even a creaky genre turn into a powerful action thriller
What I like about Jack Reacher is that it is different from the run of the mill action thriller in that it constantly surprises with elements that keep us on edge
Run , Tom , Run : Relying on the genre 's thematic and visual cliches , writer-director Christopher McQuarrie -LRB- Way of the Gun -RRB- has made a routine crime actioner .
It is , in its way , a curious sort of auteurist cinema , in which a lone wolf -LRB- Cruise produces as well as stars -RRB- has taken an impeccably mainstream product and made it strange around him .
Jack Reacher stumbles around looking for a unifying narrative tone , while the star soldiers on , offering up his generic action-hero stance of calm , opaque concentration .
While the film does revel in eye-rolling cliché ... there is one important difference that makes up for all of it : it does n't take itself too seriously .
Jack Reacher is an above average crime thriller and it could be the beginning of a beautiful collaboration between McQuarrie and Cruise .
Begins with one of the best directed sequences of the year , before spinning out a tangled web of hardboiled intrigue , bone-shattering action and ambiguous political philosophy .
Tom Cruise is in fine form .
Whereas the hyperkinetic actor looks best on the run , Reacher is a slow-moving , six-and-a-half-foot enforcer -- the kind of guy Cruise should be outwitting , not playing .
That Tom Cruise intensity fuels a refreshingly old school , stylish and brutally violent murder mystery .
A superior thriller , with Cruise and McQuarrie slotting together like a bullet in a clip .

@highlight

Jack Reacher is an above-average crime thriller with a smoothly charismatic performance from Tom Cruise .