James Redfield 's best seller hits the big screen with a dull thud .
Just about the best thing that can be said for this spiritual potboiler is that it is not much worse than The Da Vinci Code .
This is just dogma delivered in the blunt tones of an old classroom hygiene film .
... tedious and ill-made claptrap it makes staring at your hands seem like four-star entertainment by comparison .
-LSB- The film is -RSB- arguably as effective as Ambien at inducing sleep , but possible side effects include uncontrollable laughter .
One would think that since the book sold 14 million copies , Hollywood would have bought the film rights waay back then , but they did n't I can now see why .
A delectable fusion of New Age babble and luridly bad filmmaking based on the best-selling 1993 book by James Redfield .
The movie is flatly acted and extremely ill-paced , lacking any sense of urgency , momentum or fun .
The Celestine Prophecy Movie never transcends either the look or the feel of a cult recruitment film crossed with a Christian-network infomercial .
Armand Mastroianni brings James Redfield 's huge bestseller to the screen with all the care it deserves ... which is none .
If `` The Da Vinci Code '' were based on New Age theories similar to those in `` What the Bleep Do We Know ? '' -- and if it were terrible -- the result would be `` The Celestine Prophecy Movie . ''
So clumsily made on every level -- acting , dialogue , decor , lighting , editing , scoring -- that it would never have found its way into theaters if there were n't the name of a best-seller to slap on it .
A thrill-less thriller .
Based on the best-selling self-help book , the movie shares the book 's chief flaw , which is that it 's so awkwardly put together that it 's hard to concentrate on the interesting ideas it may contain .
Believer and skeptic alike can agree on one thing : It is a transcendentally awful movie .
Spiritual epiphany is tough to convey onscreen , and near impossible in the hands of wooden actors .
How 's this for a prophecy : This earnest but hokey adaptation of James Redfield 's New Age best-seller wo n't last more than a few weeks in theaters .
The movie is self-conscious and lacks dramatic tension , and the dialogue sounds like people reading passages from James Redfield 's novel ...
... indifferent direction douses whatever conviction gave the novel its ardent following .
The film does have some decent production values , but the story fails to generate much tension , perhaps because the external forces that oppose the protagonist are drawn without subtlety .
Celestine functions both as a thriller and a spiritual film .
The film is clumsy -- not merely unconventional but awkward in its narrative development and dialogue .
Anyone unfamiliar with the book 's basic ideas will probably choke on their popcorn , agog at so much windy spiritual mumbo-jumbo floating in a woozy stew of action-adventure absurdity .

@highlight

Adapted from the bestselling self-help tome , The Celestine Prophesy is indifferently directed and acted , and its plotting is virtually tension-free .