John Carter is n't completely bad-a lot of individual elements work quite well-but it 's a mess and it 's so science fictiony as to be alienating .
As negative-leaning as most of this article is , `` John Carter '' is still fun and offers occasional moments of glory .
The movie is still one tacky sight .
Even if Edgar Rice Burroughs ' 11-volume series is adapted by its three screenwriters into a nonsensical mess , then it should at least be a visual feast , right ? Hardly .
This wannabe epic is forgettable , bland and way too long .
They should have just let their freak flag fly and said , `` To hell with it , here 's 100 minutes of John Carter punching aliens . ''
It 's such a soul-sucking , humourless mess of technobabble and gobble-de-gook , I 'm pretty sure sitting through it made me a Scientologist or something .
`` John Carter '' is certainly an interesting idea for a film , with a power struggle on an alien world and an outsider affecting the balance , but sadly it never ends up fully working .
If Cecil B. DeMille were alive today and given the chance to direct a special effects-laden fantasy adventure on Mars , he might have made something similar to Andrew Stanton 's visually stunning epic `` John Carter . ''
A mightily entertaining , oft-cheesy , oft-soaring spectacle packed with more pulp than Florida 's finest fruit .
One of the best sci-fi fantasy films in a long , long time .
Once John Carter gets past laying out the specifics of the various Martian cultures and tensions , it settles into a pleasant groove that recalls the old Saturday afternoon serials .
It 's one of those big-screen enterprises that does n't leave much residue -LRB- not to mention pleasure -RRB- once its moved on to conquer its next audience .
Not as bad as you 've been lead to believe ...
John Carter is a visual delight at times , but the classic story is tiresome and the characters are largely unmemorable , leaving a cold , only occasionally thrilling experience .
An undeniable disaster ... of marketing . Join me on a tour of media headaches , and why they do n't necessarily reflect the quality of the movie itself . -LSB- Blu-ray 3D -RSB-
Under Stanton 's care ` John Carter ' is the kind of tremendous fun-filled film that 's worth going to the theater to see .
John Carter is for fans of pure , joyous , escapist , adventure cinema . Seeing John Carter unfamiliar with the text ; it 's very clear that the original text has influenced a hell of a lot of Sci-fi flicks that we 've seen before .
OK , they botched the title . But not the movie itself .
Ambitious and often unwieldy , but savory in its construction and earnestness . John Carter is sadly undeserving of its flop status .
Nothing here as inspired as the Lightsaber , but there 's no Jar Jar Binks either .
Is n't the disaster some industry observers predicted , but it 's not the high-gloss masterpiece some of us hoped for either .
I understand John Carter likes being on Mars -LRB- superpowers + hot , intelligent princess -RRB- . I just do n't want to be there with him .
The film is far from perfect . Sometimes it 's silly . But , the action and the atmosphere make this a world worth exploring . Paul Chambers , CNN .
John Carter is an instant classic ... Disney should be ashamed of themselves for treating Mars like a red-headed step planet .
A mess .
A bloated sci-fi epic from Disney that 's made watchable by swell effects , passable performances and those little dashes of humor that reassure us that the filmmakers know this is all a lark .
John Carter aims at Mars , but misses
Over-produced , overlong and too violent for young children , but it is n't lacking in marvelous special effects , occasional magic and general entertainment value .
Director Andrew Stanton -LRB- Finding Nemo , Wall.E -RRB- could easily have found himself feeding the belly of a turkey too fat to support its own legs - slow , clunky , stupid - but manages to keep a spectacular beast of a movie fast-footed .
Manages to overcome an inflated running time and occasional bouts of cuteness by remembering and embracing its pulp fiction roots as an ` interplanetary romance . '
The finished entity feels like a rip-off of a film that ripped-off several rip-offs of Carter 's own ancient source material .
... the movie 's disappointingly flat atmosphere -LSB- is -RSB- perpetuated by Kitsch 's competent yet bland work ...
A century in the making , Disney 's John Carter is a superlative cinematic fantasy that 's without question the single most entertaining thing I 've had the pleasure to see in 2012 so far .
As one of Pixar 's star players , Stanton is an experienced cinematic storyteller , which is why it 's disappointing that his first live-action project is so unwieldy at times .
Therns , Tharks and Thoats , oh my ! If Taylor Kitsch had brought even an ounce of charm , charisma or humor ...
an awesome folly , a misguided project of genuinely enormous proportions that feels like exactly what it is : an impersonal product of franchise-hungry corporate culture
Romance , action , humor , and even some philosophical gristle : Is war a cosmic constant ? Is anything worth fighting for ?
-LSB- Provides -RSB- dumbfounding sci-fi vistas in admirable quantity if not quite in creativity .
With this production budget , you 'd think someone in the creative chain might have detected that there was too much dramatic dithering in the screenplay , but entertainment factors survive .
Fails to transcend the generic .
While possibly impenetrable to the casual viewer , the picture succeeds as grand entertainment , with dazzling technical achievements and wonderfully exaggerated performances of galactic heroism .
One of the things I liked about this movie is that it has nice little touches of humor . The visual effects -LRB- I saw this in 3D -RRB- are quite convincing . The acting is effective .
Ignore the naysayers , this is a very enjoyable action adventure
Great fun as we endure scrape after scrape in this wild , near-hallucinatory landscape , and director Stanton finds the right balance of cheerful solemnity and cheeky humor .
The effect is strangely pleasing .
It is fascinating to spend time with this visualization of Burroughs 's Mars/Barsoom .
a narrative that skips as deftly through time and space as its protagonist leaps over the Martian desert .
Director Andrew Stanton injects the hokum with a lively sense of fun and leads Kitsch and Collins pull off their far-fetched roles with gusto .
John Carter will be hanging from those man-teets alongside animators for Treasure Planet in the new Disney World attraction : Hall of Disappointments .
With a narrative as flat and barren as the red martian landscape , John Carter is a big-budget sci-fi spectacle that fails to excite or entertain .
... great fun ...
It 's too bad that Burroughs ' ideas do n't seem quite as fresh now that others have outraced Carter to the big screen .
It was nice watching an adaptation that stands on its own two feet . This movie hugged me with all four arms . It is not as great , or epic as it wants to be , but it is thoroughly enjoyable .
Busily adventurous , packed with exotic creatures and boys-in-the-sandbox playfulness , and altogether kind of fake .
A film version of John Carter has been in the works since 1931 . That means Hollywood has had 81 years to get a decent script together and this is the best they could do ?
The movie is poorly staged and mind-numbingly tedious .
Based on a 1912 Edgar Rice Burroughs novel , John Carter is an overlong , muddled mess of a film that should 've waited another hundred years for a good script .
There are some fantastic sights in John Carter , but there 's also a lot of overkill , with Stanton and crew often cluttering up the visuals with the deranged frenzy of George Lucas retooling his Star Wars sagas .
I felt like there was this awesome party going on that I just did n't have an invitation to . It seems that if you 'd read the books , this would have been awesome .
There 's no surer-fire way for a film to ink its own $ 250-million obituary than by contrasting itself to two of Hollywood 's most titanic films when it only has half the heart , soul and story of either one .
There is no real sense of connection between human and alien - like between the Na ` vi and Jake Sully - that would have pulled John Carter out of the grandiose B-movie league .
Chega a surpreender que uma narrativa tão absurda em essência também possa ser tão lenta e frequentemente entediante .
John Carter is a product of a simpler time , when sense of adventure was paramount , and the film has this in spades .
A thoroughly entertaining adaptation of Burroughs 's second most famous literary creation , with enough adventure and humor to satisfy all but those who are wholly dead inside .
The entire story behind John Carter is the essence of high concept , especially in the day and age it was originally created ... a blast of a film .
It is n't that John Carter is bad , it 's just really mediocre . And mediocrity is deadly in this genre .
At times the spectacle is captivating , but it 's always just a bit too silly .
Director Andrew Stanton , making his first live-action feature after the successful Pixar animated films FINDING NEMO and WALL-E , has n't been able to bring anything very new to the familiar story of battles among rival forces on another planet :
Stanton should go back to making machines talk . He puts much more humanity into them than he manages to extract from Burroughs , even with all that nostalgia working for him .
John Carter 's hard-to-follow story and terrible dialogue leaves it on par with that cheesy Flash Gordon remake from the 1980s .
Wall-E and Finding Nemo director Andrew Stanton must shoulder the blame for this over-bloated disaster . It 's impossible to care about the protagonists , played by the helplessly wooden Kitsch and Collins .
Despite occasional moments of silliness , the old-fashioned sense of adventure and brilliantly rendered aliens elevate this above other derivative big-budget sci-fi fare .
There 's a delightfully unfashionable cheesiness about John Carter , a film for all the family , but in particular sci-fi fantasy geeks and older gentlemen who have never been able to relinquish the spiffing derring-do of Burroughs .
Go for the spectacle , go for the fun , just do n't expect anything as significant as the impact made by Burroughs ' books .
all that 's missing is a senate debate and a pod race .
This is an old-fashioned movie told with cutting-edge technology and while it is easy to be cynical about such a lightweight plotline , it is refreshing to see a movie that approaches its subject with an authentic , wide-eyed sense of wonder .
The most indelible performance in the film is not , strictly speaking , a performance at all . Rather it is Woola , a six-legged Martian hound who rather resembles a cross between a bulldog and a fetal gila monster .
There 's material here to sustain a solid franchise if the demand is there .
Disney and director Andrew Stanton may have dusted off the creaky franchise and wrapped it in $ 300 million worth of 3-D digital effects , but the final product still feels like ancient history .
It 's got the schmaltz and grandeur of the 80s Clash of the Titans but little of the warm wonder that made that spectacle such an addiction .
The reported $ 250 million price tag for John Carter gives one pause . I suppose one could argue that masterpieces have no price . Then again , John Carter is no masterpiece .
This hodgepodge falls together neatly , because we know the film will go exactly where we want it to go , right down to the intervention by a faithful , comic animal sidekick -LRB- a Pixar specialty -RRB- .
Mars-based action epic has strong fantasy violence .
Fortunately for viewers , the film is directed by Pixar sensation Andrew Stanton -LRB- Finding Nemo , WALL-E -RRB- , and the visual effects are , literally , out of this world .
Directed and co-written by Andrew Stanton of `` Finding Nemo , '' `` Toy Story '' and `` Monsters , Inc. '' fame , the fun but sometimes confusing `` John Carter '' may launch the next big sci-fi-adventure franchise .
... an impressively designed world that lacks the danger , wonder and sexiness needed to become a classic . Frankly , the movie seems too epic for Stanton 's talents .
Where John Carter continually gets it right is pacing , levity , and breadth of story .
` John Carter ' is the best-looking 3-D sci-fi adventure since ` Avatar . ' At a reported $ 250 million plus , it certainly cost enough .
John Carter is a science-fiction epic worth cheering , one where however much they spent , it all went to throw amazingly huge and awesome things onscreen in the service of a story that some are actually calling too complicated .
John Carter is an absolute romp .
Since its story inspired every mainstream fantasy right up to Avatar , John Carter may seem a little old-fashioned , but it 's a solid piece of fantasy entertainment that 's equal parts corny and poignant .
Comical Woola , a faithful dog-like creature that travels at Road Runner superspeed , steals every scene . He 's the ` John Carter ' equivalent of Uggie , and the movie , sad to say , needs him .
John Carter , a rousing science-fiction adventure adapted from Edgar Rice Burroughs ' early 20th-century pulp novels , is a rare bird that 's at the same time strikingly modern and engagingly old-fashioned .
The filmmaker is up to the challenge , staging some taut action sequences and seamlessly weaving together live action with animated elements and tons of visual effects .
Big-budget adaptation of a pulp favorite delivers epic scale and effects , but skimps on entertainment .
`` John Carter '' enthusiastically remains a pulp story at heart .
Visionary and philosophical , with the sort of complex allusions to death , immortality and the destruction of civilizations that you do n't expect from a $ 250 million film .
Whenever the fighting stops and two people have to stand and talk , all the air goes out of everything . Suddenly it feels as if we 're in an empty theater , watching a dusty old sword-and-sandal epic .
`` John Carter 's '' biggest miscalculation is the casting of Taylor Kitsch as Carter . He is too soft and wooden . He lacks the gravitas needed to be an inspirational leader , no matter how high or far he can jump in Barsoom 's lesser gravity .
While we can still marvel at the amazing sights laid out before us , it is imperative that we never lose sight of who 's who and what 's at stake . That turns out to be a tall order .
Saturday afternoon matinee fun . Think Conan the Barbarian clashing with the gods of Clash of the Titans who are conquering Mars , Gladiator style .
While John Carter never completely solves its numerous problems ... it does provide several sequences of rousing sci-fi spectacle .
Director Stanton has yet to find his rhythm in this new-to-him discipline . Though the 3D Mars-scape and fantastical creatures offer fun viewing ... he ca n't quite conquer the human beast .
John Carter is arriving late to the party , after George Lucas had already pillaged the source material and squeezed it for every dollar it was worth . Stanton has created a sci-fi adventure that feels both old hat and sub-par .
I just had fun at John Carter . Stupid , old school , science fiction fun . It 's the kind of science fiction that does n't get bogged down in the science part and fully embraces the fiction .
This is truly a story I 'd rather go to the library and read then watch again .
We waited a century for John Carter to appear on the silver screen . A few extra months probably would have done this film good in terms of tightening the narrative & creating a more entertaining experience . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For all of the love and money lavished upon John Carter it ends up feeling a touch musty and overly familiar .
Confusing and , at times , positively frustrating , John Carter is a film that screams too much post-production tinkering . During the screening , I actually turned to Film Fix co-host Jeff Marker and asked him if we had missed a reel .
If John Carter was a date , you would be running off to the bathroom to call a friend , so the friend would call you ten minutes later with an `` emergency '' , so you could get away .
Surprisingly humorless , unevenly jumbled fantasy - Blame it on solar flares !
It is n't bad so much as innocuous , $ 250-million worth of innocuous , framed by a decent start and a solid finish but sagging through the long middle like a cheap mattress .
Please fight somebody , John ! At least it 'll stop them from talking .
Though messy and overlong , it 's an enjoyable throwback to the movie spectacles of a more innocent age .
`` John Carter '' is a huge bore .
Gets off to such an incoherent start that it takes almost the entire , interminable two-hour-plus running time to catch up .
It 's easy to be fascinated with how John Carter looks , but it 's difficult to get emotionally involved .
There are more than a few moments that hint at the fantasy classic this might have been . See it in 2D .
Playing the princess , whose name is Dejah Thoris , Lynn Collins is a revelation . I 'm not just talking about those costumes -LRB- Dejah-view ! -RRB- which she was clearly born to wear .
The effects are n't up to blockbuster standards and the story goes nowhere slowly
Like any template , it has the skeleton but is missing the meat .
Suffers from a convoluted plot and an anticlimactic resolution , but hits enough high notes along the way to be enjoyable .
The villains are overwrought and the design of Mars is surprisingly bland .
It takes a while to get going and is about half an hour too long , but `` John Carter '' has some spectacular visuals and well-staged action scenes .
`` Thank God that 's over with ! '' one character utters near the end of `` John Carter . '' No spoken words have ever been truer .
Kitsch ... makes for an excellent hero , even managing to make a loincloth look like this year 's must-have item .
Incredibly well made and heroically performed . It also really delivers when it comes to creating a strange alien world .
Stanton 's screenwriting skills are , on this evidence , slightly below those of George Lucas , so there 's plenty of clunky exposition and such inadvertent laugh-lines as : ` I would lay down my life for Helium . '
The visuals are stunning , the battles are exciting and the supporting cast is strong . Why , then , did Disney stupidly do everything they could to ensure that it would fail ?
This middle section , in which both Carter and the audience get a crash course in the politics , history , and theology of the Red Planet , is the movie at its most imaginative and most fun .
There 's nothing to see , nothing to think about , nothing to care about , and nothing to feel , just emptiness . The emptiness is never filled over the course of 132 long , barren minutes .
Amazing how little a century of anticipation and $ 250 million buys out these days
There 's a lot of hokey fun in old pulp stories like Burroughs ' , but John Carter fails to capture any of that charm .
Like watching a storm ; yes there are flashes of lightning but most of the time you 're just staring at boring grey clouds . After enduring the 132 minutes of John Carter tug-of-war it 's not a complete win for team terrible but pretty damn close .
Messy and chaotic ... but also colorful and kind of fun .
A deadly heaviness brings Disney 's would-be epic down .
It 's like sinking into a 3D bog of unending-and surprisingly dull-confusion .
Kitsch , best known for TV 's `` Friday Night Lights , '' proves able to front a movie . The Canadian is as reliable as `` Avatar '' lead Sam Worthington , with a mix of good looks , brawn and generic heroism .
It starts with a great story - of love and politics , time travel and mystical pathways between planets - badly sucked dry .
There 's a lot of coming and going in ` John Carter , ' and most of the time I was n't exactly sure where they 're coming from or going to .
All of these characters , and the richly detailed backdrops , are utterly immersive and lifelike - even without the completely unnecessary 3-D .
It 's hard to believe Pixar 's founder would have signed off on this project . The film is as overcomplicated , bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release .
There 's something generic about the digitally rendered Martians -LRB- whatever their stripe and skin tone -RRB- , and there 's a corniness to the dialogue that keeps the audience from any kind of emotional attachment to the Tharks and Zodangans and their ilk .
`` Carter '' is so good-natured , and so goofy , that it 's hard to completely dislike . But impossible , I think , to understand .
Against the odds , `` John Carter '' is itself pretty amazing - an epic pulp saga that slowly rises to the level of its best imitations and wins you over by degrees .
For Pixar prodigy Andrew Stanton directing and co-writing , it was obviously a labour of love . But for two hours , as with any problem birth , we get more labour than love .
Stanton is gleefully committed to letting this universe run wild on a big screen . The film 's best qualities are its gigantic , densely packed , slightly loopy world-building and its unironic senses of humor and fun .
`` John Carter '' may not be a perfect movie , but it 's one where you can safely plunk down your money , grab your box of popcorn and come away reasonably satisfied when the closing credits roll .
A true thinking man 's thrill ride .
Director Andrew Stanton ... admirably decided to keep the material wedded to its time , but he ca n't get around the fact that his Tharks resemble Jar Jar Binks and the whole enterprise resembles last year 's `` Conan the Barbarian '' remake .
Stanton 's work here is competent on an epic scale ; everything from the performances to the look of the film is perfectly fine , but there 's a crushing dullness to it .
Does n't do anything we have n't seen before ... yet somehow it feels credibly ripped from a larger mythology rather than being cobbled together from spare parts .
It looks as if Disney simply borrowed and recycled the sets of Prince of Persia and Gladiator , adding leftover props from The Phantom Menace and Cowboys and Aliens .
Sets a high standard for the event movies to follow .
John Carter is so eager to please that , despite its overblown execution , it still manages to feel intimate and fun .
Whoo , baby , where do we begin ? Maybe with a math equation : John Carter = Battlefield Earth + Dune over Prince of Persia times $ 250 million , the reported cost of this underwhelming fantasy .
Disney bet a whopping $ 250 million on this becoming its next big franchise , and personally , I 'm hoping audiences fall for this displaced yet dashing Southern gentleman and his newfound life abroad .
The books offer enough material for several movies , which seems to be the root of the problem here : the movie is so overloaded with exposition that the situations have little room to develop .
For all the visual pizzazz and gee-whiz athleticism , it 's a bloated bore .
Even genre film lovers have standards , and `` John Carter '' does n't meet them .
Like its four-armed Tharks and its ten-legged Calot , this adaptation of Edgar Rice Burroughs 's series of sci-fi novels has too many moving parts for its own good .
I felt as if someone had dragged me into the kitchen of my local Greggs , and was baking my head into the centre of a colossal cube of white bread .
Proceeding in fits and starts , and flats and stops , John Carter has some zesty set pieces but no rooting interest .
While `` John Carter '' is undeniably silly , sprawling and easy to make fun of , it 's also playful , genuinely epic and absolutely comfortable being what it is . In this genre , those are virtues as rare as a cave of gold .
I liked it , and if you 're a sci-fi/fantasy fan , you 'll probably like it even more .
It looks fantastic and youngsters may find the exotic universe compelling enough but the result is sadly soulless and unexciting .
The overriding feeling with John Carter is that there is an epic film to be made from this material , but this just is n't it .
It feels less like a revival of a classic saga than a rip-off twice removed . Almost everything on screen is old hat , and the few details that have remained fresh for the past 100 years have n't been imitated for good reason .
An oft-confusing , occasionally silly mega-expensive thrill ride that , for sheer audacity , is the biggest thing to come down the cinematic pike since Avatar .
Beautifully-realized visuals nearly make up for the well-worn story in this Disney adaptation of the Edgar Rice Burroughs character .
Not your grandfather 's John Carter .
The difference with Indiana Jones or Pirates of the Caribbean is that most of their action is memorable and filtered through a charismatic hero who fills in the downtime . The flat turns the story takes make it more The Adjustment Bureau meets Spaceballs .
Often feels silly but only occasionally fun .
This lavish production of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burrough 's space adventure has much to recommend it .
A cheesy looking -LRB- the 3-D adds nothing to the picture -RRB- quasi-epic filled with dullish characters and chaotically staged action scenes .
At its best , it recalls Star Wars and Raiders Of The Lost Ark in the way it joins of-the-moment technology with the sturdy rhythms and easy thrills of an old B-movie .
The major problem here is one of rooting interest . I hate to sound like a mogul , or a focus group ho , but at the center of this picture is a flat , inexpressive protagonist played by a flat , inexpressive actor .
The action sequences are generally well-executed , but they 're too much of a muchness . CGI makes them seem too facile and not tactile enough .
It overcomes the adversity of cliche by being exciting and mildly intelligent , with a sufficient amount of humour and heart .
... has more personality than anyone should rightly expect from a two-hour-plus , CGI-heavy , sci-fi fantasy epic .
You can feel Stanton struggling to bring the confidence , wit and style of `` Wall-E '' and `` Finding Nemo '' to bear upon this leviathan , but he ca n't quite pull it off .
Yes , there is life on Mars in `` John Carter , '' and it 's deadly dull .
It 's sometimes wondrous and often amazingly goofy .
Kitsch looks marvelous , but that 's the problem : He looks a little too marvelous . He 's all sexed up with little to do .
The achievement of John Carter is that it takes the elements worn to nubs by everything from Star Wars to Avatar to TV 's Fringe and makes them fresh again .
A modern pulp adventure in the classic Spielberg and Lucas vein , John Carter is exactly what pointless entertainment should be but often is n't
More likely to dazzle your average 12-year-old than summon your own inner child .
Andrew Stanton has created a fantastic and magical epic that makes `` John Carter '' the rightful heir to the Star Wars legacy .
30 % less story would have been really helpful and made for a better film . At least for people who are not just watching something they have already imagined in their heads .
John Carter manages to be a ridiculous amount of fun , even if you are immune to the charms of Taylor Kitsch running around in what amounts to a stylish loincloth .
Somehow , despite that boatload of talent , the movie never really comes together .
Director Andrew Stanton has a strong sense of what makes `` adventure '' adventurous , helping John Carter encapsulate everything about a great time at the movies .
The film is at least half-an-hour too long and is often as dull as Will Smith 's repulsively silly Wild Wild West .
An adventure that feels real and fantastical at the same time .
Beautifully designed and impressively directed , this is a thoroughly enjoyable , emotionally engaging space opera with an intelligent script , strong characters , terrific special effects and superb performances from Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins .
Aside from a few inspired vistas and alien life-forms , John Carter is as deadly dull as its basso-voiced , beefcake slab of a star .
It 's hard to care about anything going on in this shapeless would-be franchise , which lurches from scene to scene without building any real excitement .
It 's both abrupt and languorous , a wall-to-wall exhibition of design work where nobody had the basic decency to make sure the designs were good .
Lavish and lengthy , it has the spectacle and spirit of a Saturday matinee movie but not its fleetness or fun .
For me , this is the first movie of its kind in a very long time that I 'd willingly sit through a second or even third time .
To watch John Carter is to wonder where in this jumbled space opera one might find the intuitive sense of wonderment and awe Stanton brought to Finding Nemo and Wall-E .
A terrific time at the movies . Comes a lot closer to being on-par with the beloved sci-fi movies of our youth than most modern blockbusters .
Though ambitiously mounted and sporadically enthralling , the live-action debut of Pixar filmmaker Andrew Stanton is a sci-fi spectacle that 's just not very spectacular .
-LSB- A -RSB- dreary Disneyfied inconsequence -LSB- that -RSB- features all the bigotries of century-old pulp fiction and none of the romance , neither the sexual nor the adventurous kind .
Kitsch is not just flat ; he 's practically flat-lining as Carter , so uninvolved does he seem ... he 's so laidback that he might as well be watching this movie as acting in it .
A very entertaining , unusual and loveable mess .
Although the result is quite a mishmash , dramatic coherence prevails over visual flair ...
Director Andrew Stanton said he hoped to create a timeless adventure , and I wholeheartedly believe the man has succeeded .
Just about every sci-fi/fantasy/superhero adventure you ever loved is in here somewhere .
Some of the ideas may be wonderful , but there is such chaos on screen , it is hard to decipher what is going on much of the time
A fun story , impressive alien world , and cool 3D effects make John Carter a surprise treat that may not have been on your radar .
It 's hard to imagine many children or adolescents sitting through this big-budget -LRB- $ 250 million -RRB- but uninolving Star Wars knocokoff
Arid , barren Barsoom is a dull environment for a sci-fi blockbuster , and the consequences of the conflicts happening on screen are small . John Carter just never pulled me in .
A handsome new sci-fi adventure that feels rather familiar . Enjoyable enough while it lasts , John Carter is big on ambition and disappointingly short on action .
The story veers between interesting , boring and borderline incomprehensible .
John Carter is a fantastic fusion of old-fashioned adventure excitement and modern blockbuster spectacle . In short , it 's wonderful .
Lynn Collins 's feisty Dejah Thoris is the best kick-ass sci-fi princess since Leia
Often spectacular , with stunning action and thrilling moments , it 's a film that captures the pulpy , swashbuckling sensibilities of Burroughs while updating much of the whiz bang for an audience a century older than the original novels .
Richly imagined , robustly performed , and directed with the evident enthusiasm of someone who 's been dreaming about Barsoom his whole life , ` John Carter ' is a gem .
When John Carter moves up the gears it 's an accomplished blockbuster packed with pulse-racing action .
Perhaps the sequel - if we ever get there - will fill in the gaps and expand on John Carter 's legend now all the expositional heavy-lifting has been done . But is that an acceptable excuse for an epic to be this underwhelming ?
John Carter is a fun blockbuster . There is fun in its action scenes , in its jaw dropping imagery and especially in its surprising sense of humour that Andrew Stanton melds well with its brand of sci-fi spectacular .
`` Lovingly Made Pulp Fantasy With Boring Human Characters ''

@highlight

While John Carter looks terrific and delivers its share of pulpy thrills , it also suffers from uneven pacing and occasionally incomprehensible plotting and characterization .