Anyone who loved L'Auberge Espagnole should at least like its sequel as something of a guilty fling .
His directorial hand is so handsomely assured and his cast so charming that it 's easy to succumb to his let-me-entertain-you blandishments
Essentially this is Espagnole on repeat , as if the lessons from the former film had been fully expunged after five years on ice .
The cast of renegades is as appealing as ever .
It 's hard to decide what 's prettier in Russian Dolls : the people or the places . Either way , we win .
If you saw and enjoyed the previous film , you 'll know what to expect , and you 'll enjoy it .
With its crackling dialogue and attractive , fully rounded characters , Russian Dolls puts American movies on similar subjects to shame .
For those who saw and loved L'Auberge Espagnole , Russian Dolls automatically becomes of interest , but writer-director Cedric Klapisch ca n't quite make the case for it as a stand-alone experience .
Klapisch has made something deliciously close to a nature documentary about the young , the foolish , and the alive .
Klapisch has a light , springy touch and a real adoration for his characters and their Paris/London locations , and even at a lengthy 126 minutes , the film never drags .
It 's an effortlessly charming ensemble , and Klapisch 's characters -LRB- most of them anyway -RRB- reveal depths of feeling that compensate for the film 's lightweight tone and too-long running time .
-LRB- T -RRB- he film is all sex and style , with a photogenic cast leaping across Europe while the director plays narrative games .
A sort of wandering rom-com epic -- kicking romantic fallacies in the ribs while capturing something essential about the solipsism and dreams of young urbanites .
If you ca n't afford to make that big European vacation this summer , `` Russian Dolls '' provides both the locations and some amusing company for the journey .
-LSB- Xavier -RSB- turns this film into more of a self-fixated memoir , less of a blithe ensemble piece .
Fluffily enjoyable .
Klapisch , who digitally divides frames into collages of memory , is perfectly in tune with our era 's cynical freedoms .
Featuring an appealing cast led by Romain Duris , the film has a frothy charm that 's hard to resist .
Great fun , thanks to the sparkling dialogue , entertaining performances , and the gorgeous scenery of Paris , London and St. Petersburg .
It 's well worth a look in this very lean season for grown-up entertainment .
Klapisch keeps things light and breezy as Xavier hops from city to city -LRB- Paris , London and St. Petersburg -RRB- and bed to bed .
This comedy-drama has some modest charms .
... tired subject matter , regurgitated with very little originality or charm .
The early 30s crisis certainly looks more tenable if it 's unfolding among several European capitals , but the movie lacks the specificity and focus of the first .
As energetic as the original and light as a feather .
Precisely observed , charming and -- for better and worse -- light as air .
Reilly , who was born in Surrey in 1977 , and has been active on the London stage as well as in movies , engages each man she meets onscreen with her face , her body , her breathing .
Meandering , overlong digital soap opera .
Intentional or not , many of Klapisch 's tricks frustrate our connection to the characters , especially Xavier .
The actors create engaging characterizations of young people continually evolving .
In small , insightful , and charmingly illustrated moments , Klapisch shows he has something real to say about what makes a life successful .
As the overlong pic wears on , it 's hard to care whether the puzzle pieces of the protags ' lives fall into place or not .
A 30-year-old French writer 's struggles with the challenges of work and love in his fast-paced and fragmented urban life .
Cédric Klapisch 's Russian Dolls has not much on its mind beyond updating the lives of the characters in his 2002 comedy L'Auberge Espagnole .
Less , however , would have been considerably more .
-LSB- Klapisch 's -RSB- faith in love is tempered by a clear-eyed understanding of just how much it demands of lovers .
Klapisch is daring you to call him sentimental . He is . But , as he proves in a sublime ending , he 's magical too .
` Russian Dolls ' is not an intellectually cohesive movie , but it 's so much exuberant fun , it does n't matter
Those who loved the original Auberge will likely be eager to book rooms once again .
Sporadically amusing and disappointingly superficial .
The director 's shallow stylistic ticks preclude identifiable emotional or behavioral reality .
Russian Dolls might not have as many layers as its namesake but when it 's this sweet and feisty , it does n't really matter .
Uma continuação não apenas dispensável , mas que ainda consegue , em certo grau , diminuir nosso carinho pelo original .
Resonant with acute and accurate observations of people at that devastating stage in life where the glow and glory of youth is dimming into a dull realisation that fun spelt backwards is ` nuf , Russian Dolls is an achingly bitter sweet film .
-LSB- A -RSB- more finely wrought , well-matured version of the film that inspired it . Which , however , does not exclude a lot of meaningless fun !



@highlight

Like its predecessor L'Auberge Espagnole , Russian Dolls is charmingly breezy and light .