There 's not much between this and a Sunday-night drama , but the ice-bound setting is different and beautiful .
Watchable .
This is the kind of by-the-book , no-surprises , ` based on actual events ' serial killer thriller you could write yourself .
Cage hones his weary cop 's character to a dull point , rough and ragged , like the lead of a detective 's pencil scratching notes on a crumpled pad .
As written and directed by Scott Walker , THE FROZEN GROUND is n't great , but it 's surprisingly effective , thanks to its no-frills approach and its care with the actors and characters .
It 's all around safe and plain , simple and to the point , and all very , very by-the-numbers .
The Frozen Ground covers familiar territory but benefits from authentically seamy scene setting amid the bars and strip-joints where the killer found his prey , and from solid performances by its leads , all of whom are acting against type .
The Frozen Ground is trying its best to act as a genuine tribute to the victims of a horrible crime . Unfortunately it falls short ... Though still functioning as a solid genre piece , the chasm between intention and execution is embarrassingly apparent .
The Frozen Ground is n't innovative , but it is a well-paced and engaging thriller that has the added appeal of a truth-based narrative .
In a rote cat-and-mouse cop-and-serial-killer story , Vanessa Hudgens ' ` victim ' is far more compelling than either cop Nicolas Cage or killer John Cusack .
The scenes where Cage grills Cusack are the best thing about this very average thriller .
Choppy and chilling , it 's destined for a quick burial in the icy tundra .
A chilling thriller with first-rate performances by John Cusack , Nicolas Cage and Vanessa Hudgens .
Are we mourning the loss of these women or delighting in their downfall , relishing their abuse ? Cheap thrills destroy whatever pure intentions launched Ground , chaining the effort to the most banal of B-movie pursuits .
`` The Frozen Ground '' trucks in cliche , as most serial killer and police procedural films do , but the strength of the acting -LRB- from the leads down to people with only one or two lines -RRB- helps ground the film .
Impressive debut from New Zealand-born Scott Walker is told with style and panache . Strong performances , fevered pacing and immersive location lensing are big pluses pushing this from `` B '' pic to A - .
We 've seen a lot of serial killer movies but this intriguing true story is well-acted and involving enough to be worth a shot .
A true crime period piece that somewhat interestingly eschews a lot of investigatory grind in favor of moral certitude and throwback , cat-and-mouse tension .
Unfortunately , with a confusing script pocked with plot holes , The Frozen Ground misses an opportunity to create a lasting testament to their memories .
Not bad at all . Nicolas Cage gives his best performance in years .
A taut procedural with atmospheric location work that traces Cage 's clock-racing efforts to find evidence against Cusack ...
The movie 's only fresh element is the wintry setting , which shrouds everything in a mood of weary fatalism . Otherwise , it 's the same old , same old , efficiently discharged and utterly disposable .
Unfocused , flitting back and forth from separate Cage , Cusack , and Hudgens arcs without forming them into one vision .
The movie 's late-night cable feel and skeevy salaciousness grinds everything to a snowy slush .
Although writer-director Scott Walker seems committed to not overly exploiting his lurid subject matter , the movie is just too dreary , disjointed and generically creepy to be persuasive .
A vague and forgettable crime thriller that would have benefited from more character development or at least a grounding of the narrative in one central protagonist .
The Frozen Ground hits the familiar notes .
Featuring great work from Nicolas Cage , John Cusack and most surprisingly Vanessa Hudgens , The Frozen Ground is an old school thriller with plenty to offer .
Nice to see Nic Cage go back to being subtle in this solid , if seldom surprising thriller
Taste and good intentions are only going to get one so far with a script this tone deaf and direction this ugly and monotonous .
As a debut thriller of high-profile interest -LRB- in the story of Hansen -RRB- , Walker has held his own and produced something very watchable and well executed .
Hangs a tad slackly between thriller and procedural , but still holds attention throughout .
In spite of the uneasy straddle between crime-thriller and true-story , the movie 's got its moments .
In what is the best serial killer movie since Zodiac -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , the atmospheric Alaskan landscapes will certainly cool viewers down on a hot summer 's night .
While straight-forward in tone and structure , the film is admirably non-exploitative as it lays out the developing drama .
Based on a true story , it 's very thorough in its depiction of Alaska 's strip bars , but apparently not nearly as interested in character or psychology .
-LSB- An -RSB- efficient police procedural ...
The Frozen Ground remains a respectable engagement with a subject that could too easily have been rendered salacious .
Nicolas Cage in competent movie shock !
An odd mix of formulaic thriller and true-life story , resulting in something sporadically successful but often uninspired .
First time writer/director Scott Walker claims the whole thing is based on conversations he had with the real life woman who , as a teenager , helped police capture Alaskan serial killer , Robert Hansen . You ca n't hear her voice .
An admirable thriller bursting with tension and superb turns by its stars Vanessa Hudgens , Nicolas Cage and John Cusack .
A standard police procedural with few surprises .
Psychological gamble with a certain piece of jewellery - and solid performances from Hudgens , Cage and Cusack .
It 's let down by a disjointed and frustratingly unfocussed script , coupled with some laughably sloppy dialogue .
Nicolas Cage sleepwalks through another macho , tediously formulaic b-movie .
The whole film , really , comes from a freezer . Thaw first ; then reheat the bugaboo murders , the twitchy killer , the trail of script clues that would lead a moose to the truth in moments but must take 105 minutes to occupy a movie-picked police force .
Even though this crime thriller is based on a true story , it never feels remotely believable .
Might we call this dubious entertainment ? Hardly : it 's not even entertaining .
It does n't break new ground but is tense , atmospheric and creepy .
After a dispiriting run of dumbly routine thrillers - Stolen , Trespass , Justice - Nicolas Cage raises his game with this workmanlike police procedural .
This is an unambitious , old-school thriller , nothing more and nothing less .
There 's plenty in this taut thriller for you to stick around for , not least the reuniting of the Con Air duo .
It 's handsomely lensed , and when Cage and Cusack finally go nose-to - nose , the fur does fly .

@highlight

Though this by-the-numbers true procedural seems basic , The Frozen Ground presents a welcome return for Nicolas Cage in a solid performance .