This is n't revolutionary animation , but it 's warm , sincere and huge-hearted . I was dazzled by all the colors ; your kids are gon na go nuts for them .
While it may entertain the kiddies for a while , for the older folks out there -LRB- and that means anyone 10 + -RRB- , Rio is just another animated yawner .
Comical , colorful , wonderfully cast and beautifully animated , `` Rio '' is the first Blue Sky movie that could be compared to the best of Pixar .
This is simply a film that both kids and parents can enjoy together , which , according to the consensuses for other recent kids ' films , has n't happened for awhile , so my advice would be to take advantage of it
Basic , good-natured cinematic charm is n't something that should be easily dismissed .
Bright and chippy as a roomful of parrots , and the best thing Saldanha has done since the first Ice Age .
You 'd be the world 's biggest grinch not to get a kick out of this feather fest .
There is nothing wrong with this film - the voice cast are all good , the animation is colorful and the script peppered with one-liners . But it all seems so formulaic .
Rio combines excellent visuals and a witty , modern script that will appeal to audience members both young and old .
There 's lots of color , some gorgeous animation , a running beat of lively -LRB- if not always memorable -RRB- music and the energy of lovely tropical birds in flight . The rest is formula ...
This might be the first family film in which sex ... serves as the narrative lynchpin .
Even if the story lacks the depth or originality of some of the recent crop of superlative animated films , ` Rio ' has an innocent charm to it -- and an explosion of color .
The posters say From the creators of Ice Age , so do n't say you have n't been warned .
Since the little ones will be amused , the high-flying Rio wo n't ruffle any feathers .
If the birds are n't precisely `` of a feather , '' as they suggest , they are bright and loud and alike enough to establish that this Rio is not real in any way .
Rio is a beautifully animated family frolic sure to keep the little ones joyfully content .
With bold , tropical colors , salsa sounds , and refreshing voiceovers from Jesse Eisenberg , Anne Hathaway , and more , Rio is pure , light hearted fun .
Swaggering and splashy , even though its predictably stereotypical banality prevents it from ever achieving full flight .
The urban/tropical landscapes and Carnival backdrop add vibrancy to a smart romance-adventure that borrows from classic Bob Hope suspense-comedies and even Hitchcock 's ` The 39 Steps ' ...
Rio is a brightly-colored , dizzying pinwheel of 3D animation in which nothing much happens . Sounds like summer is here early .
Rio features great vocal work from Jesse Eisenberg , Anne Hathaway and Tracy Morgan and a tired plot that needs the eye-popping animation to keep it flying high .
The platonic ideal of a children 's movie that is completely devoid of either merit or flaw , existing solely that it might exist .
It 's only real downfall is its lack of ambition to be more than decent . Saldanha has also been unerringly safe in most of his story telling choices , with little unexpected character development and quite a bit of overly tidy moralizing .
Exuberant and full of life , music and colour as the city for which it 's named , Rio 's combination of a fun script , excellent soundtrack and stunning visuals will delight the entire family .
There 's probably not much to worry about come Oscar time , but for a weekend with the kids , it 's not bad .
Fun for the kids and the adults - and you just have to love Tracy Morgan 's Luiz
`` Rio '' is bright and bouncy and abetted by some strong vocal talent -- most notably , Jesse Eisenberg as Blu and Anne Hathaway as Jewel .
Carlos Saldanha 's sincere but uninspired romp into the glossy postcard atmosphere of Rio de Janeiro is one long courtship that ultimately falls flat .
You may forget about it by the time you hit the parking lot , but at least you wo n't be muttering curses at the Hollywood oligarchs under your breath .
The ending is never really in doubt , but how Rio gets there makes the most of its giddy sort of mayhem .
The screenwriters have come up with a wonderful story filled with humor and romance . Youngsters will be captivated by the colorful characters , the toe-tapping musical numbers and the breathtaking aerial backdrops .
I had my taste thoroughly offended by what Rio considered acceptable musical numbers - the same auto-tuned monstrosities that are currently clogging up the Top 40 airwaves .
Using all the vibrant colors and lively music of Brazil , Rio dances its way toward becoming Blue Sky 's best effort to date . It may be but a kids ' movie , but it 's a fun ride .
Rango was crafty enough to extend an olive branch to adult viewers . Rio is strictly for the kids , and anyone expecting this Brazilian-set film to contain any references to City of God -LRB- or , heck , even The Boys from Brazil -RRB- will be sorely disappointed .
The plotting here is of the set-up-the-pins-and-knock-them-down variety , so you 'll pretty much predict every grinding of the script 's gears .
continually seesaws from gorgeous animated brilliance to tired and cliche jokes
... predictable and weightless fluff , a kiddie flick that 's instantly forgettable but far from regrettable .
A pleasant enough way to pass time with the kids but , in the end , it 's further evidence that Blue Sky makes animation you go to see only when there 's nothing better available .
Expect the expected .
Brazilian-born director Carlos Saldanha 's palette is so over-the-top , they should be handing out sunglasses at the door instead of 3D ones .
Rio will not set your heart afire , although its low-level consciousness raising about illegally smuggled animals is nice . Mostly , it 's brightly colored fluff , but then , it 's supposed to be .
When Blue Sky Studio unveiled its debut feature-film , Ice Age , a decade ago , it became clear that Pixar did n't have a monopoly on clever storytelling or computer imagery . Now ...
The characters , the jokes , and even the striking visuals - they all dissipate from the memory like a piece of candy that seems tasty in the moment but ultimately is n't very filling .
A fairly typical children 's movie , but at least it moves along with purpose !
Vibrant bird tale is part adventure , part love story .
Deserves a chance from fans of animal epics ...
Despite its exotic setting , the personal connection of Rio-bred director Carlos Saldanha , the odd eye-popping sequence , and a lot of literal color , the new CGI-animated Rio turns out to be figuratively colorless .
Like its main character , Rio just does n't fly .
From the arches of the Carioca Aqueduct to Sugarloaf Mountain ... Rio is as colorful a look at a faraway world as kids are likely to get without reading subtitles .
Keeps to a minimal plan of villains and personal triumph , summoning a charming , booty-shaking carnival ambiance where a bunch of crazy birds -LRB- as opposed to the angry kind -RRB- participate in some 3D-inflated slapstick .
The generic story elements ca n't spoil the real achievement of Rio , which is a series of vividly choreographed set-pieces .
Rio is an extravagant family film with likable characters , a phenomenal visual aspect and a charming story .
It hits all the familiar marks that children require and it wo n't annoy parents . Wait , sorry , I take that back . It will annoy parents who hate the Black Eyed Peas .
Hathaway is pretty cool giving Jewel lots of spirit , and takes the time to put in an effort to add something to the vocal performance . She 's not just reading her lines .
Even though it 's just a cartoon , `` Rio '' captures Brazil vibrantly , not just in the vividly colored jungle and the carnival parades but also in the rhythmic music , which was supervised by samba maestro Sergio Mendes .
Eisenberg 's tremulous , earnest delivery matches Blu 's big worrywart eyes perfectly , and he and Hathaway , to their credit , give it their all .
Buoyed by local color - literally , with a vibrantly sun-drenched palette , a sensationally festive Carnival parade , and a slinky samba-licious soundtrack
This is a movie that takes even the hoariest quest-peril-life lesson tropes of family animated films and imbues them with new life and rhythm .
I have a feeling that older audience members will , like me , be getting restless during this celebrity-voice-driven , generically plotted variation on `` Madagascar . ''
Although the road to `` Rio '' was paved with good intentions , this ` toon never truly takes flight .
The film has been made with such sunny enthusiasm that it 's easy to disregard its over-familiar story and just enjoy the samba .
Rio is a leap forward in quality and the finest work from Fox Animation .
After a certain point , we begin to realize that Don Rhymer 's screenplay ... does n't have the courage to do much more than try to breeze by on its charm .
There are worse things than a movie that ca n't stop moving .
Freed from the shackles of the overpriced , unnecessary 3D , it should really impress when it hits high-definition Blu-Ray . Too bad the rest of the film does n't match the visuals .
As kids ' movies go , `` Rio '' brings a lot to the party .
Rio distinguishes itself more as a gorgeous travelogue for Rio de Janiero than anything else .
Another middle-grade piece of computer animation from Blue Sky ... neither great nor terrible -- just mediocre .
More things work than not in this sweetened sweet bird of youth . Maybe the G is for good fun or great music or a gentle good time .
For its stunning iridescent look and infectious music , Rio is a refreshing adventure worth taking .
Despite its copycat nature , it has its own irresistibly joyful energy .
The humor 's a little strange , and the action 's a little frenetic , but all of it whooshes past in a swirl of tropical color and pseudo-South American bonhomie .
An all-star cast that includes Jamie Foxx , George Lopez , and will.i.am keeps this colorful adventure moving -- but the jokes and set pieces never really soar .
Blue Sky Animation has taken a page from Dreamworks ' Madagascar franchise and upped the ante . This a fish-out-of-water travelogue tale is charming , colorful and perfectly voice cast .
In an era where Pixar is constantly trying to better itself and other CGI studios are working to not merely imitate it , but to surpass it , it 's vaguely grating to sit through another formulaic , paint-by-numbers effort from Fox Animation .
`` Rio '' is strong on relationships , visually novel , full of fresh ideas and featuring a few vocal actors you might not have expected to be part of the fun .
A boring animated feature about birds , smugglers , and an unlikely couple .
It 's a little disconcerting at first when Blu opens his mouth to speak and Mark Zuckerberg 's voice comes out .
Here is a splashy display of the innocent , artful exuberance that , these days , the directors of live-action films have left to the guys with pixels .
Even with the 3-D effects and rap music , `` Rio '' has a retro feel , thanks to its bright , colorful characters and brave heroine .
Storks samba ! Toucans tumba ! Parrots party in kaleidoscopic formations to the music of Sergio Mendes !
Budding romance between rare blue macaws is threatened by smugglers in a lively , colorful 3D cartoon from the Ice Age animators .
The director , Carlos Saldanha , collaborated on the `` Ice Age '' trilogy . What he has developed here has tons of atmosphere and , less helpfully , tons of over-plotted chaos disguised as a story .
Some live-action films set in exotic locales can be so atmospheric and picturesque that viewers walk away feeling as if they 've taken a short vacation . `` Rio '' accomplishes this feat , which must be a minor miracle for an animated movie .
`` Rio 's '' insistent tempo and zesty 3-D color starts to feel like cover for a routine story and mostly forgettable characters .
in the ever flat-lining world of 3D CG cartooning , it 's the same old bird spit .
Vibrant and as zippy as a kindergartner on a sugar rush , this 3-D animated flick will certainly please kids , even if adults may find it a little snoozy .
Bursting with color and rippling with samba rhythms , Rio makes you wonder why animated films have n't spent more time in Brazil . The place is tailor-made for a ` toon , with rainforest birds and Carnival revelers alike in gloriously surreal plumage .
A pathetically total misfire ...
It 's an intermittently charming ... tale with some -LRB- and I do mean some -RRB- engaging voice work and many nifty if not staggeringly ingenious bits of action business .
Rio gives its young audience members what they 'll `` like , '' not what they deserve .
Calling Rio creatively bankrupt is a massive understatement .
A fish-out-of-water animated comedy about birds . As those things go , it 's cute and entertaining - but not in an aggressive or annoying way .
Rio : A Vibrant Cultural Celebration .
A competently-made animated film crafted specifically for the toddler set , who may enjoy the bright colors and boingy action . Older kids and parents will find themselves , if not quite bored , then only modestly engaged .
Rio is less a Pixar-level pleasure than a busy , frantic , and overstuffed dessert of a movie . There 's scarcely a moment that is n't straining to entertain you .
This rom-com for kids is spiced nicely by some great musical numbers and a snappy buffing up of the standard `` be yourself '' theme that now seems mandatory in any kids animated film .
Nothing deep or heavy here -- just a good time and a pleasurable escape .
Love drives this animated 3D flight of fancy from Carlos Saldanha , director of the Ice Age series and a native of the title city .
Compared to Pixar 's Up , a much more organic and heartfelt story about making friends in far-flung places , Rio simply feels rote .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The only thing surprising about this lackluster animated production is that it attracted an A-list voice cast . But that 's how things are today when even mediocre animation can be a big draw .
Too timid to be either inspired or outrageously inept , Rio is merely a bird of a familiar feather .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Carlos Saldanha 's spunky animated kid 's movie pulls off a neat trick of including Rio de Janeiro 's cultural touchstones as part of its fish-out-of-water-coming-of-age story .
Another winner from Blue Sky Studios , creators of the Ice Age series , Rio is the biggest and brightest animated triumph since Toy Story 3 .
With Rio , it feels like this filmmaker -LRB- who was born in Rio himself -RRB- has made something with that extra added bit of personal passion , and maybe that 's why I found it to be one of the most enjoyable things the studio has made .
Rio 's chief problem is that it 's a victim of its own generic success .
Children should enjoy it .
Reflete a visão de um cineasta que , nascido no Rio , agora o enxerga de longe com uma visão nostálgica e saudosista enquanto se deixa influenciar pela interpretação exótica do olhar estrangeiro que agora ocupa .
Eye-catching visuals and a bland storyline virtually cancel each other out in new animated adventure Rio .
Provides enough excitement and unabashed joy that allows its brisk 90 minutes to drift on by in a haze of neon-coloured feathers and catchy tunes .
Like its flight-challenged parrot protagonist , Rio takes a while to get off the ground but manages to soar by the end .
Rio 's easily enjoyable , for all ages .
-LSB- S -RSB- o tediously familiar that I could barely remember most of it after I left the cinema ...
Bright , breezy , entertaining and essentially forgettable , Rio is pretty much everything you would hope for in a children 's film , no more , no less .
A few lively song-and-dance numbers plus the voice talents of Jamie Foxx and will.i.am earn an extra star .
The best and , unfortunately , most obvious simile to describe this film is to liken it to a parrot - it 's pretty to look at it , but when it talks it does n't say very much .
Altogether a superb addition to the ever-growing list of excellent 3D animation .
Rio is a joyful celebration of the great city and the glorious plumage of parrots . It is also the most enjoyable animated film since Toy Story 3D .
The setting constantly diverts , supplying some terrific sights and sounds -LRB- there are some rousing , samba-inspired dance numbers -RRB- and it 's made with considerable affection , zest and good humour .
Carlos Saldhana has here created a sweet-natured animation .
The film is frisky and genial , with great Looney Tunes-style sight gags amid the mayhem ...
A bright flight of fancy that makes an hour and a half fly by .
Rio is difficult to watch without imagining it was a light bulb idea bandied around the office of the Rio de Janeiro Tourist Board ...
A tropical-colored wingding that will have kids and their chaperones shaking a tail feather to its pulsating Latin beats .
With its sizzling , sunny premise , catchy beats , wild adventure and endearing cast , Rio is Easter 's winning combination .
There are the usual life lessons to be learned , but under Saldanha 's light touch they seamlessly blend with the airborne action and riotous musical interludes .
-LSB- A -RSB- fun but not fantastic feathered tale .
The colours are gorgeous , the voice actors perky .
Lively , enjoyable and frequently funny adventure that soars thanks to a witty script , delightful animation , a couple of great songs and the inspired casting of Jesse Eisenberg and Flight of the Conchords ' Jemaine Clement .
Bird-brained animated comedy that wo n't fly .
This is a lovely entry from the Ice Age team , filled with great characters , including Nigel , the evil Cockatoo , voiced by Jemaine Clement .
It 's a cheerfully wild ride although a little more creativeness could have gone into the character of Blu . As Eisenberg reads him , nerdy is just another word for feather-brained .
` Rio ' is n't totally devoid of merit - it could just do with a lot more zip and zing in its tail feathers .
Rio is a lively and engaging film set in a beautifully-rendered landscape - it 's well worth shelling out extra for those pesky 3D glasses !
Guided by the native wit and instinct of Brazilian director Saldanha , the -LRB- 3D -RRB- action soars between the rooftops and party-crowded streets to the surrounding cliffs and jungles with barely any drop in tempo .
Just like its blue feathered protagonist , Rio has the look yet does n't soar to the heights needed to make this animated adventure / musical hybrid work .
Saldanha has proven himself with the Ice Age trio of films , and the animal characterisations here are just as strong . Rio is also visually superior . Full of colour , life and humour , it 's a story about freedom and love -- and it soars .
It 's not hugely complicated , but the approach is fresh enough to keep us on our toes
Okay , so it 's not exactly a groundbreaking advance from the team behind Ice Age , but with its kaleidoscope of colour and heaps of humour , you 'll be charmed .
A straight ahead family film ... with a clear desire to please - especially 8 -12 year olds . It may outstay its welcome for their parents , though
With its contagious Latin rhythms and explosions of colour , this happy , squawking 3D adventure set on a striking backdrop of Rio de Janeiro is great family fare .
95-odd minutes of full-blown , big-screen bliss .
Fast-paced , breathtaking to look at and certainly amusing .
Much like the titular Brazilian city , Rio is a festive film , heavily favouring frivolity over anything more deep and meaningful .


@highlight

This straightforward movie reaches great heights thanks to its colorful visual palette , catchy music , and funny vocal performances .