You watch the screen in disbelief and amazement that any aspiring auteur could so willfully undermine his own project this way .
... benefits greatly from the inclusion of a thoroughly unpredictable third-act twist ...
Dot the I is okay-ish until it drops one of those Sixth Sense-style plot twists which negates everything that has gone before it into audiences ' laps ...
As much as it tries to be a smart , postmodern indie film , dot the i is pure Hollywood fluff .
The term ` terrible ' not only describes what happens to the characters , it also describes the brain-numbing sensation of having to sit through this movie .
The movie stops being about -LSB- its characters -RSB- - and starts being about the ways writer-director Matthew Parkhill can screw with your head .
So in love with its own inventions and convolutions that it ignores all plausibility and audience acceptance .
But despite its trickery , dot the i lacks emotional resonance that would elevate it above the banal .
Parkhill tries to keep new blood pulsing through the film , but the movie stalls by its third act , where he plays a trick that seems more desperate than fresh .
`` Dot the I '' wants to join the ranks of `` Memento '' and `` The Usual Suspects , '' films that reward multiple viewings , but it 's so ridiculous that it does n't sustain a first .
Once the effect of the second act 's gimmick wears off , you find yourself growing more and more annoyed at the improbability of the entire setup .
A curious mélange that works more often than not .
A weird , pretty film with a dumb script , a skilled cast and a good twist , plus one hot sex scene and one brilliant scene-chew by D'Arcy .
Take a long , hard look at Parkhill 's film , and you 'll find too many i 's undotted .
While stylishly done , Parkhill 's script is n't nearly as clever as he thinks it is , and the sucker punch near the end lacks , well , punch .
If you find dense , self-conscious mystification decorated with all kinds of fashionable postmodern gimmicks more than a bit annoying , best to look elsewhere .
Even when you do n't believe what Bernal and the effervescent Verbeke are doing , it 's fun to watch them do it .
Inflicts great pain on the audience by wringing its plot into a bruised and pulpy mass .
the film becomes entirely meta-fictional and I simply gave up caring
Cross ` Dot The I ' off your viewing list ... crosses the boundary of implausibility so often and so blatantly that it winds up being absolutely laughable .
Dot the I does n't suffer from a lack of skill . Rather it becomes a lesson in the pitfalls of moviemaking that runs on cleverness and too little else .
It plays like the last paragraph of one of those Encyclopedia Brown stories , where the solution is an unknown twin brother or the wrong-sized footprint .
Dark , funny , quite a thriller ... It 's a forgettable title -LRB- that does n't work in English -RRB- , but you wo n't forget the wicked fun of the movie .
Parkhill flips on the plot twist machine , and Dot the I becomes excruciatingly ridiculous in a multitude of ways .
The movie not only scatters undotted Is and uncrossed Ts in its wake , but unsquared circles , unfactored primes , unrisen souffles and unconsummated consummations .
Let me know if you figure it out .
Do n't miss this one .
At times it 's a romantic comedy , at others it 's a dark thriller , and sometimes it 's a mangled crash of elements .
The film is firmly mired in self-referential purgatory .
If Dot the i , the directorial debut of Matthew Parkhill -LRB- who also wrote the screenplay -RRB- , has a crass visual flash , it fails to give its characters any credible substance .
Its story is painfully simple .
It 's a hugely entertaining thriller disguised as a chick flick .
Far too clever for his own good , Parkhill has fashioned a Chinese box of a story where the first twist sets up a second , that one sets up a third , and so on .
Begins as a romantic comedy , turns into romantic thriller , then collapses into a sick and illogical self-reflexive noir . If this sounds even vaguely exciting , I promise it 's not .
Like the fire trucks that ca n't quite reach the burning building , there are a lot of good ideas racing toward Dot the I , and ... they ... ca n't ... quite ... get ... there . Besides , the movie is intent on self-immolation .
Leaves too many t 's double-crossed .
It 's always painful to criticize a filmmaker when they are trying for something different . But this feels like a riff on a popular trend that is no longer quite so popular .
Parkhill , far too eager to wow them in the end , has crafted a twist-is-everything scenario , evincing a sub-Mamet level of concern for plot holes or audience satisfaction .
It eventually crosses that elusive line into absurdity , rendering meaningless , in retrospect , most of everything that went before .
Implausibility and banality join forces to turn dot the i into the kind of pretentious , pseudo-clever claptrap that most wanna-be directors get out of their system during film school .
The material is amateur and the movie ultimately forgettable .
... starts off intriguingly but is eventually scuttled on the shoals of plot contrivance .
Parkhill ... proves himself a capable handler of actors -LRB- especially with the ludicrously hot Natalia Verbeke -RRB- , but his narrative could really stand to lose some tinsel .
While Parkhill 's filmmaking remains almost hypnotic throughout , the increasingly nonsensical manipulations doom Dot the I to being a deftly made blunder .
Gael Garcia Bernal I think is really becoming a major force as a leading man . He 's very good .
-LSB- a -RSB- gimmicky love triangle ... an okay enough exercise , but has no emotional reverb
A gimmicky first-time feature that bears all the unfortunate earmarks of an ambitious but empty directorial vision .
Its trickery might seem cute or clever to viewers who do n't take either movies or people very seriously , but to me it recalled cynical `` puzzle '' films like Memento and Irreversible , with no reason to exist apart from its gimmick .
Satisfies and disturbs in just about equal measure .
Filled with passion and humor as well as suspense .
Not only strains to connect the dots , but also pretends to be some thoughtful treatise on cinema versus reality . Sadly , it 's just a tired bag of tricks .
The revelation of the film is not Bernal but D'Arcy , who loafs from a callow throwaway part into something a heck of a lot more interesting .
Here 's something you do n't find everyday ! An original film superbly acted !
Behind its slick veneer and the glibness of its preposterous premise and dark twists , there 's a yawning absence of charm or substance in this London-set love triangle , as well as a lack of chemistry between its three leads .
More polished verbally , but alarmingly unexpressive nonetheless , Bernal appears to have learned one essential trick of the budding movie star : When floundering , flash that irresistible horndog grin .
Barnaby 's game -- or , rather , director Parkhill 's -- is , at best , a draw .
Dot the I is no different than the `` emotional snuff film '' it pretends to condemn , wiping out human emotion in favor of soulless twists .
While the plot whirls around with a number of deft twists and deepens into darker layers , the story is emotionally uninvolving .
` Un filme inteligente y perfectamente bien estructurado en el que nada es lo que parece '
The result is funny in its way , and in line with the movie references throughout , but ultimately the viewer is not left with the necessary pathos .

@highlight

dot the i starts out as a standard love triangle , but last minute revelations turn the movie into a gimmick .