13 Hours gives honor where honor is due .
13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is n't required cinema for the action/war genre , but it satisfies as an adrenaline rush
The film 's biggest draw is the action scenes .
There 's plenty to cheer about and nothing really to reflect upon or celebrate . Save for the fact that , Bay had good intentions while making this movie based on real events .
It 's typical Bay stuff -- jingoistic , heavy on gunfire and explosions , but so short of proper characterisation that by the end I had no idea which of the gun-toting , super-macho contractors were alive and which were dead .
... our typical loud , dumb , overlong Michael Bay celebration of guns , guys , and America .
Bay chooses to pander , by promoting a worldview that has no room for intellect or compassion , and reinforcing stereotypes . 13 Hours is a film made with no thought to its larger consequences .
Bay turns a divisive political issue into a film about machine guns , dirt , blood and gung-ho patriotism . Expect spectacle ; insight , not so much .
13 Hours remains very much a combat movie made by the man who once hustled Armageddon onto our screens , no more nourishing , affecting or heavyweight than the popcorn ground into the multiplex carpet .
Far too enervating to do much of anything other than be annoying . But you can see the good film inside of it .
There are few horrors of war that ca n't be reduced to blockbuster shtick .
Fashioning big-brawn , tiny-brain , lone-wolf myths out of issues as complex as U.S. involvement in the Middle East is , at this point , morally irresponsible .
Ultimately , is the takeaway . 13 Hours is a good Michael Bay movie ... but it 's still a Michael Bay movie .
The emotional component is cheapened , at least partially , inserting a level of bad taste into the proceedings I found difficult to get past .
The loss of life is movingly depicted but these largely unfeasible , weirdly unreal characters are much too cocky and swaggery , when not being disdainful and patronising towards the locals . So do n't bother .
A moving tale of heroism and sacrifice wrapped in an explosive package that will quicken your pulse .
At best it 's a passable blood-pressure-cranking thriller , like a foreign-set Homeland episode , but without the political soul-searching . At worst , it 's like a live-action Team America , roaring to climax in a noisy blaze of stars and stripes .
`` 13 Hours '' ranks with `` Platoon '' as a true depiction of what war really is .
Makes American Sniper look positively pacifist by comparison .
With the shootings and bombings going off incessantly for the movie 's almost 21/2-hour run , it feels like the film-maker is gleefully navigating a military video game and all the film 's characters are mere pawns .
Will film professors laud it as an example of exquisite filmmaking ? No . Will there be scuffed DVD 's of it in Navy SEAL , Delta Force , and Marine lockers ? Youbetchabygolly yes .
Punishingly paced , flimsily constructed , and tackily executed , with the subtlety and panache of a third-rate 1930s melodrama .
Michael Bay 's retelling of the Battle of Benghazi lives up to its name , because when the last man falls to the ground , limbs gruesomely ripped apart , it feels like you 've been watching it for half a day .
It seems unlikely to join the director 's `` The Rock '' and `` Armageddon '' as part of the prestigious Criterion Collection , but it 's upper echelon -LSB- Michael -RSB- Bay .
The story of the attack ... in 2012 generally sticks to what is thought to have happened , and provides some tense action scenes without belittling the sensitive material .
Given the focus is on battle sequences as opposed to character development , the 144 minute running time feels unnecessary . Fans of Michael Bay may think otherwise .
For all his many crimes against good cinema , staging and choreographing elaborate and visceral firefights and skirmishes is what Bay does with aplomb .
13 Hours is director Michael Bay 's most politically ambivalent yet .
Between shootouts and explosions , this is a really empty film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with no action , sensibility , interest and who 's weakest factor is a director that seems keen on making boring a subject that could work better in someone else 's hands . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Good because director Michael Bay takes away the traditional glamour to war , bad becasue the argument is not allowed to be more critical of the US position in the world and its interventionism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael Bay repeats himself , same cinematography and lighting , confusing editing , explosions and lots of noise . Very boring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It suffers from bad character development , to the point where you do n't know who is who and never feel a real conection with any of them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has it 's flaws , but hte performances , the scenery and awesome action sequences make this a really enjoyable movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
13 Hours : The Secrets Soldiers of Benghazi may well become one of the best films of Michael Bay . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael bay missed a great opportunity to make an excellent film , but he let it slip away . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Only go see this one if you 're a fan of Michael Bay 's explosions . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Far from a reflexive exercise , it 's a never ending shootout that serves to congratulate a political stance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bay simplifies the subject too much , leaving us with a good guys vs bad guys story that does n't have any depth to it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
13 hours is pure Michael Bay . Adrenalin , brotherhood , honesty , patriotism , family . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael Bay is back with a smaller budget in this homage to the military that is n't atractive , tragic , or interesting at all . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
13 Hours might be better than all of the Transformers films combined but that 's not saying much , Bay is still comes out as a man of excess , xenophobe , patriotic and military apologist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The material is there but Michael Bay loses focus and gets lost in this war story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ludicrously overlong and deeply objectionable .
At nearly two and a half hours long , life is too short for how little Bay offers .
A cinematic experience based on a true story ; it relentlessly entertains , but it 's ideologically questionable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If you are looking for an immersive action thriller , this will do the trick .
Taking a break from his Transformer showreels , director Michael Bay mounts a frenetic , exciting , realistic recreation of the 2012 battle in Benghazi where a security team made up of ex-soldiers defended a besieged American diplomatic outpost .
Bay certainly has a style of his own , albeit one that again harks back to the 1980s -- an even more cartoonish variant on the music-video bombast pioneered by directors such as Tony Scott .
The straight route taken through this true story of dual attacks on US diplomatic and intelligence interests in Libya -- and the controversial role played by hired military contractors in the aftermath -- is undoubtedly effective .
Michael Bay may well have intended to make a film that simply celebrates the heroism of the US soldiers it depicts , and to an extent he has done that , but 13 Hours is a testing experience , bereft of depth or intelligence .
13 Hours is a pretty enjoyable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The fact that Bay 's only interest is in the sensory aspect of conflict wholly undermines the serious nature of the subject matter .
Unsurprisingly , survivors of the incidents depicted have dismissed the film as utter nonsense . Even if this were not the case , the film-makers have some explaining to do to the military folks Bay presumably seeks to honour .
The challenge for Michael Bay was to make a compelling drama from a story whose ending is neither Hollywood-happy nor unknown . It is to his credit that he meets the challenge
For better or worse , 13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is the purest distillation of Michael Bay 's cinematic voice .
This film is actively evil , but only by degrees .
... a thoroughly reprehensible piece of work that deserves every ounce of derision and vitriol thrown its way .
The story does n't work as popcorn entertainment or as serious docudrama , and 13 Hours often feels conflicted and confused -LRB- something we never thought we 'd say about a Michael Bay film -RRB- .
Tense and riveting , here 's the movie some of us never knew Michael Bay had in him-the action , when it starts , is paradoxically both chaotic and clear .
Not the subtlest director working in Hollywood , Michael Bay brings his surging machismo to this retelling of the notorious attack on an American compound in Libya on the anniversary of 9/11 in 2012 .
It 's a fine story as far as it goes , but the ostensible bad guys are as two-dimensional as ducks at a shooting gallery , and even the good guys are strangely flat .
The movie celebrates soldiers ' survival , their ingenuity and heroism , their efforts to save one another and to do what 's right in the world they know . But it stops short of challenging that world .
What Bay and Hogan have done here is to sidestep the politics of naming names and , in honoring the heroics of six brave men , have subtly painted the politics of a changing global landscape .
Michael Bay blows up stuff , unleashes massive firepower and concludes not much of anything in this jingoistic mess of a movie .
Overall , 13 Hours does rather showcase the good , the bad and the ugly of Michael Bay . But it 's better elements just about outweigh its worst , making this a much better movie than a lot of people would have predicted .
-LSB- Michael Bay 's -RSB- here to remind you about the primacy of American life .
A sombre military action film that steers clear , at least in Bay terms , of stoking up unwarranted patriotism or exploiting the scenario for cheap sentiment .
Harrowing scenes of carnage and death still fascinate Bay more than personal stories or political complexity so it makes for an exhausting watch that never lets up and rarely provides any contrast to the heat of battle .
I went into the film knowing almost nothing about the September 2012 attack on an American diplomatic compound in Libya and came out knowing even less .
Bay -LSB- 's -RSB- view of the military is blatantly sentimental ... Yet when it comes to the combat scenes , and to the nerve-shredding suspense sequences leading up to them , he is stunningly effective .
Michael Bay propagandizes for a right-wing idea of ` true America , ' seething with disdain for anyone who is n't a former elite soldier turned mercenary .
It all makes for a ferocious but flawed film - but I 'd certainly buy the video game .
Aside from mawkish family flashbacks , this wonky tribute to heroic courage works best when being visually dynamic and brutally immersive in its sensational combat sequences .
This film should be 6-7 Hours : The Secret Soldiers Of Benghazi . 8 Hours : The Secret Soldiers Of Benghazi max .
A fictionalized version of events creates an entertaining action movie and a fitting tribute to those who died and survived .
13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is a movie for anyone who saw The Hurt Locker and thought , `` You know what would make this really good ? If they got six really muscley dudes with machineguns to come in and blow away all the Arabs . ''
Bay gives plenty of punch , power and passion to what is a true story .
It 's undeniably spectacular in its own juddering , pyrotechnical , Armageddon-ish fashion , but it 's also a film that leads a very rancid taste .
With all that smoke swirling around our six heroes , all bearded , all muscle-bound , it 's almost impossible to tell them apart . ` So which of them died ? ' was a typical comment as we left the cinema .
After sitting through this slickly violent clarion call for American political hawks to turn on the doves you might have thought that screenwriter Chuck Hogan was the right-wing spawn of Chuck Norris and Hulk Hogan .
The title should give you some idea of how long this two-and-a-half hour film really feels .
Bay squanders the potential to explore the nuances of a politically sensitive issue and instead descends into a gruesome display of war porn .
Everything you 'd expect from Bay is here with bells on - the macho provocation , the sound and fury , and the diabolical pleasure in reducing everything to rubble and bloody mush .
Michael Bay dialling it back still leaves plenty of room for bombast , bombs and baloney .
It 's all so hateful . Hates women . Hates talking . Hates tact . Loves guns .
Plays like an extended Republican Party election broadcast , complete with relentless handheld camera carnage and beating jungle drum soundtrack .
The film does n't seem to take any risks either , presented in an all too generic manner .
What `` 13 Hours '' does brilliantly is recreate the absolute chaos and stifling options of urban warfare in the third world , the best film to do so since `` Black Hawk Down . ''
`` A remarkable story of courage and determination . America at its finest ! ''
`` 13 Hours '' is not a political film , but will be treated as such by those with an agenda .
This film is directed by Michael Bay -LRB- ` The Rock ' -RRB- who specializes in action films , and this is definitely one of his better films .
The kind of movie that would make Jim Halpert -LSB- say -RSB- : `` Seriously ? ''
The attempts at pulling out for a larger view of the issues in play do n't really work at all .
This is one of -LSB- Bay 's -RSB- better films - mostly because the story is grounded in reality .
Patriotic and action-packed - just do n't expect accuracy or clarity .
I actually liked this movie . God have mercy on my soul .
The final word on this incident will require a more thoughtful filmmaker . But hopefully , that artist will possess at least half of Bay 's punishing , peerless craft .
... graphically captures all the dangers , gun fighting , bombs , and the uncertainty of the fight because it was all done in the dark of night by heroic independent contractors who have been ignored , even dissed , by the Democrats responsible .
Exhilarating and intense on a visceral level . It 's as powerful as The Hurt Locker , and the most mature , emotionally-charged blockbuster of Michael Bay 's career .
I loved this movie not just as a American or as a military brat ; it 's a stunningly well-made portrayal of the horrors of war and a study of the bravery it takes to finish the job . I bet Transformers 5 still is atrocious .
With a run time that is well over two hours and probably did n't have to be ; you can clearly see that Bay is still in love with slow-motion and low sweeping shots . That being said , Bay has made a good film .
The first film Bay 's directed that is n't a pointless and cynical bacchanalia of explosions . It will probably be the least financially successful effort of his career .
A peculiar cocktail of bloodlust , patriotism and grief .
the pandering is so blatant , and so rife with clichés , that the impulse it provokes is to actively resist rather than to succumb .
They deserve a better cinematic tribute than this bombastic expose that gives action clichés priority over character depth .
Exciting and patriotic , it 's like John Wayne saving the day one more time .
It wants to make heroes out of these men for their actions . But true heroism comes from within . And it 's a place `` 13 Hours , '' with all it 's patriotic bluster , never allows us to enter .
The movie is imperfect and overlong but it 's never boring . And , although aspects of its factual accuracy can be called into question , it does a decent job of chronicling what happened that night .
Several critics have given 13 Hours a pass , citing Bay 's skill at action engineering . It 's his failure at everything else that makes this movie as hard to endure as it is impossible to believe . #helpme
It leaves out the politics and lets us , the audience , get a vicarious thrill out transforming the worst day in someone 's life into entertainment . Yes , American flags will flap in slow motion to a swelling musical score .
In trying to make his Black Hawk Down , Michael Bay has inadvertently made his own The Green Berets-as envisioned by Donald Trump .
The story of what happened in Benghazi . Not political . Makes no judgments . Safe for liberals . Somewhat disappointing to conservatives . Overall , too long but a good movie .
easily Michael Bay 's best effort ... It 's not always an easy movie to watch , but it is certainly one that is worth watching .
Certainly the flashiest in an emerging genre not noted for subtlety .
One of Bay 's better films , actually , a fairly mature and level-headed combat drama that follows a well-worn path with smooth confidence .
'13 Hours ' is impressive and even wearying without being any sort of gung-ho war movie
13 Hours is sound and fury , signifying sound and fury , and it 's hard to deny that it works .
13 Hours has elements of a lean and efficient action/thriller , but is bloated and overblown thanks to Michael Bay 's directorial approach .
13 Hours is a rousing action movie that powerfully suggests Hilary Clinton should be exonerated of any wrongdoing in the Benghazi scandal . Or not .
-LSB- Bay -RSB- does well here what he always does well : He keeps the action at full throttle . This is also what he does so annoyingly : He always keeps things at full throttle .
Brash , loud , corny and-especially toward the close-cheesy in its use of special effects , -LSB- it -RSB- represents a sincere effort to be true to the facts that unfortunately falls prey to the director 's innate action-movie propensities .
13 Hours is a ripe action movie and a messy portrait of American fighters -LSB- ... -RSB- I know which uncles I 'm hiding on Facebook .
Ignoring the politics of the subject matter might be both the worst and best thing the movie does , simultaneously making it work and fail at the exact same time .
13 Hours is a visceral , pounding experience that works as a vintage Bay action film even as it skirts the bigger overall picture .
-LSB- Bay -RSB- is hell on manly banter amid the explosions -LRB- `` Just another Tuesday night in Benghazi '' -RRB- , and also moments carefully calculated to make you feel the horrors - and the heroics - of war . Emphasis on `` calculated . ''
-LSB- A -RSB- n excellent film and Michael Bay 's finest achievement . ... -LSB- N -RSB- o matter your party affiliation you will probably find it to be compelling and emotionally engaging .
An uneven but visually effective combat picture .
Bay 's action sequences are as riveting and technically beautiful as ever , but his reductive worldview is also on display . `` 13 Hours '' does n't just lionize its American soldiers , it oozes disdain for everyone else .
13 Hours presents itself as a straightforward war film , but that 's the last thing a subject this complex needed .
Explosive take on politically charged topic is very violent .
Whatever audiences expected from Michael Bay 's examination of the Benghazi debacle , it was n't this insightful war story about hubris on every level except the men who carry the guns . This film rivals greats like `` Black Hawk Down '' and `` Zero Dark Thirty . ''
Overall , I liked the film well enough to give it a slight recommendation as it 's easy to get caught up fully in the action and tension . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
Do n't kid yourselves , 13 Hours is absolutely a political movie .
Director Michael Bay slows down his usual frantic pace to offer a stirring but action-packed portrait of the 2012 Benghazi attacks .
This exciting siege film , pitched in the opening credits as a `` true story , '' plays out more like `` Assault on Precinct 13 '' than `` Black Hawk Down . ''
It 's like Michael Bay realized the stakes are so much higher with 13 Hours than simply bringing cool toys to life . And he channeled his gifts appropriately .
Unfortunately while Bay has an eye , he 's never had an ear , and Chuck Hogan 's screenplay is full of clunkers , tough-guy dialogue that seems made strictly for cheap applause .
An action movie with some failed attempts to bring emotion to the characters and situations .
`` Benghazi '' is far more than a political buzzword . If it takes a superb film like 13 Hours to remind us of that fact , then job well done .
Production designer Jeffrey Beecroft -LRB- `` Transformers : Age of Extinction '' -RRB- has recreated the two American outposts , but spatial integrity is n't always the film 's strong suit .
If they are suffering the fog of war , you are suffering the fog-of-action movie , a phenomenon that Bay is all too well equipped to create , having previously worked on the Transformers franchise .
`` 13 Hours '' is so macho it practically has a Born to Lose tattoo on its arm . It 's a military grade war machine , and it comes in the same way it goes out : with guns blazing .
In 13 Hours , Bay is striving for something more realistic , and less Hollywood , than his World War II extravaganza . To some extent , he pulls it off .
A wholly fictitious bus blast had my audience applauding with glee . `` That was for us ! '' a character grins . Yes , literally - it was invented for a crowd that prefers fist-pumping to facts .
The movie does n't rise to the level of Zero Dark Thirty or American Sniper-it 's short on character exploration , among other things-but it 's more than run-of-the-mill action fodder .
Very nearly as murky and confusing as what really happened during those 13 hours .
A bizarre mix of war pornography and dour isolationist posturing
13 Hours is sometimes crass , sometimes silly , and often broad . But it 's still the most direct , and even honest , Benghazi movie we 're likely to get .
Bay chooses instead to just barrel heedlessly through the rubble , shooting off as many red , white , and blue fireworks as he can . Any illumination they provide is purely accidental .
Michael Bay 's highly commercial `` 13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi '' may resemble a standard-issue war movie , but it beats with the heart of an apocalyptic , Armageddon horror film .
Throughout the film , -LRB- Michael -RRB- Bay seems to display anger and frustration with an antiquated U.S. foreign policy that fails to realize that the old ways of operating do not apply in a changing world rife with religious and national radicalism .
The film wants us to feel , as one of the men they protect says , `` I 'm proud to know Americans like you , '' but we 're never really given the opportunity .
Bay 's goal is to put you right in these men 's boots , to feel the heat , the fear , the fatigue , the weight of the weapons and the web of camaraderie .
The most surprising thing is how Michael Bay makes 144 minutes pass so quickly .
13 Hours is a loud , ferocious fire-breather full of the kind of Bayhem you 've come to expect from director Michael Bay , except there 's this seething anger that 's impossible to miss and it 's all over the film .
For Bay , the murky context of history is n't worth thinking about-yesterday 's tragedies are today 's passable action fodder .
The movie is a pummeling slog - 45 minutes of setup and an eternity of relentless combat .
Bay may see the film as a cry of truth ; muffled by his own predilections it 's only a whisper .
Hogan 's screenplay omits vital context ... and Bay 's typical style of visual overload ... does no favors for the logistics of what is happening .
13 Hours is a return to Michael Bay doing what he does best . Having people blow stuff up and look cool doing it .
All the performances are solid and the facts as Zuckoff 's evenhanded book lays them out are adhered to . It 's the writing that clanks and , worse , Bay 's continuing inability to stage action sequences so that a viewer has any idea who 's doing what to whom .
A relentlessly intense , grotesquely overblown and numbingly long account of extraordinary heroism on the part of six American security operators in the midst of horrific chaos .
Genuine humanity in a Michael Bay movie ? Oh , it 's not enough to bog down the action , and it never descends to touchy/feely navel-gazing , but it represents an emotional honesty he has never delivered before .
13 Hours is a movie where the questions are asked first and the shooting happens later , the opposite of Bay 's usual modus operandi . Bully for him and bravo for journalism , but it does n't make for satisfying cinema .
This is the story of a fiasco , one made less so by the fierce and selfless commitment of a few good men whose old-fashioned kick-ass attitudes form the crux of the yarn 's appeal .
Bay seems enraged by the military-industrial complex you 'd expect him to embrace . It feels like a major tipping point . It also still feels like a Michael Bay movie . But his occasional excesses do n't overwhelm an otherwise raw , ragged , merciless film .
13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is a thrilling and intense action thriller that hides its politics in plain sight .
There 's a concerted effort to depoliticize the story ... but the movie will find a warm welcome in the red states with its simpleminded tale of brave men doing the right thing while the government falters .
13 Hours is one combat movie that does n't blink-and it does n't gloat , either . Even when the men take pleasure in `` kicking the ass '' of the enemy , they express relief more than triumph .
Michael Bay succeeds in making a film for grownups with the tautly told and respectful 13 Hours .
Bay does n't always strike a solid balance between re-enactment and entertainment , but his successes in that regard are pivotal .
The key characters are pencil sketches , not flesh-and-blood , but they serve Bay 's purposes , as do the performances .
Lacking in nuance and occasionally plagued by corny dialogue , `` 13 Hours '' is nonetheless a well-photographed , visceral action film , and a sincere and fitting tribute to those secret soldiers .
The film fits into the same conserva-fantasy zone that `` American Sniper '' occupies , in that it wraps heroic stories in a thick layer of Fox News-endorsed bullcrap .
A solidly entertaining and compelling war movie .
like NASCAR for the neo-Con set , a `` shoot first and never apologize later '' lament which Bay hopes will show how `` sober '' he can be
A weird mix of pseudo-jingoism and Bay 's usual bombastic firepower , 13 Days ends up being a straight-up war film without an actual war in it .
Political grandstanding aside , 13 Hours is a capable action thriller full of explosive action , charismatic performances , and outsized tension .
Bay , never one for subtlety , cranks up the sentimentality in his most patriotic film to date .
An action-packed account of the Benghazi siege . Politics are mostly avoided in favor of spectacle .
In Bay 's control , `` 13 Hours '' merely provides another opportunity for him to raise hell and avoid dramatic responsibility .
There 's no kill like overkill . If sheer film combat bloodshed were an antiwar commentary , `` 13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi '' would win the Nobel Peace Prize .
Bay seemingly ca n't help but make a movie that is loud , brash , nuance-free and more glandular than cerebral . `` 13 Hours '' is a movie that stimulates the production of adrenaline , not insight .
It 's long , downright dispiriting , enjoyable only sometimes , and yet there 's a feeling of authenticity .
A cool 90-minute action flick padded out into a lumbering ooh-rah male weepie .
It 's when bullets fly that Bay is at his best . He stages the battles well , and builds tension effectively and at times inventively .
Weird that it took the ultimate political football for Michael Bay to discover nuance -LRB- relative to Michael Bay , anyway -RRB- , but here we are .
A Michael Bay with restrictions is not a Michael Bay that 's particularly worth watching , as 13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers Of Benghazi illustrates .
There is a good and interesting movie out there to be made about the tragic events at Benghazi and the political aftermath but `` 13 Hours '' is definitely not it .
Michael Bay heard about the Battle of Benghazi and he thought it would make a great Michael Bay movie .
13 Hours is just chaos . It 's unwatchable , unlikable , and unworthy of respect .
13 Hours is an exhilarating and surprisingly apolitical military thriller that reconfirms why Bay is one of the best action directors in the business .
Saying that this powerful , fact-based action drama is Michael Bay 's greatest film is n't actually faint praise .
After a string of iffy Transformers movies , Bay reminds that he can do a much better action movie with humans than alien robots : 13 Hours is his best work in the genre since his 1990s hits Bad Boys and The Rock .
Michael Bay efforts to keep the politics out of this movie , but , really , how can you keep the politics out of a movie about the terror that happened at Benghazi ?
There are about zero times when it 's clear why things are happening the way they 're happening to these particular people .
Bay may lack interest in basic story construction or coherent battle scenes , but the guy has a preternatural skill at evoking sensation .
While the film clearly takes a soldier 's point of view of the unfolding events , it steers clear of overt political statements and does n't indulge in too much US flag-waving .
It marries visceral Hollywood-style filmmaking -LRB- a Bay trademark -RRB- with sober subject matter in a manner that does n't trivialize the seriousness of the story it 's telling .
Bay works best with chaos . There 's no shortage of that here . It 's getting from fire fight to fire fight that 's the problem , lending the film a video game-like structure that grows repetitive in the back half .
Ham-handed but grueling and often effective ...
Bay has a genius for incoherence , and this is one historic crisis that feels uniquely suited to his dubious talents ...
Sure , Bay indulges some signature cinematic fetishes . But he shows restraint with the slowed-down , sexed-up shots . War is gritty here , not glamorous .
Plenty to criticize in regard to the script and agenda , but as an action film it 's an exciting , entertaining , and unflinching experience .
Close enough to the real truth that the Hillary Haters wo n't like it .
Bay uses all of his bombastic filmmaking tools to flatten out a complex geopolitical situation -- and the people caught up in it .
America 's men and women in uniform deserve our support and respect . But `` 13 Hours '' is a simplistic , childish depiction of conflict that guilts us into awe .
As bombastic , shoot - 'em - up spectacle , `` 13 Hours '' is a visceral , well-paced and often beautiful action-thriller .
Of course , when the action gets underway , Bay unleashes that flashy id of his , and all of his flaws as a titan of blockbuster filmmaking come to the fore .

@highlight

13 Hours : The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi is a comparatively mature and restrained effort from Michael Bay , albeit one that ca n't quite boast the impact its fact-based story deserves .