Given its subject matter , Unfinished Song is n't exactly a joyride , but it does plenty to liven things up along the way .
Funny and heart-warming , it 's a bit like Amour meets The Voice and The Full Monty .
Nothing too substantial , nor original , but offering a great platform for stellar performances from Terence Stamp , Gemma Arterton and Vanessa Redgrave .
Stamp and Redgrave elevate adequate material into something special every time they share the screen . Be forewarned that the musical number that closes the film is guaranteed to have you reaching for the Kleenex .
The simple fact is that Unfinished Song works on nearly every level -- thanks in large part to the presence of Terence Stamp and the always remarkable Vanessa Redgrave .
Redgrave , like her character , is a dynamic presence when she 's there and sorely missed when she 's gone .
It 's a sweet and well-cast film , but it 's also unevenly paced and never quite rises above mediocrity .
Cheap laughs and forced sentimentality taint Redgrave and Stamp
Inspiring & genuinely moving . Terence Stamp gives an all-time best , Oscar-worthy performance .
Unfinished Song is easy to swallow and entirely void of awkward lumps . It even nourishes the soul at some base level thanks to the superlative performances from the highly laurelled cast .
It boasts two beautiful performances from Terence Stamp and Vanessa Redgrave .
The crescendo of two resonant careers makes the false notes of `` Unfinished Song '' forgivable .
Shamelessly sentimental , cute to a fault , but the acting is first-rate .
The gentle story of a marriage , and of how music can help make a broken heart whole again .
Unfinished Song is full of predictably poignant moments ; you 'd be lucky to survive the film dry-eyed .
Why Arthur is such a curmudgeon remains a mystery .
Such predictable ingredients get stale all too quickly .
Williams is n't going to offer anything but the most expected answer in the most expected fashion .
Simplistic , but blessedly so , Song is only out to warm up its audience , inducing tears and smiles as three actors keep the production palatable despite its serious lean toward a manipulative disaster .
Unfinished Song is shameless hokum , but it should please its target audience .
If Mr. Holland 's Opus and the senior singers documentary Young@Heart had a baby , this would be it .
-LSB- A -RSB- modest , tear-jerking charmer ... Just do n't expect too much more than what shows on its paint-by-numbers surface .
Vanessa Redgrave and Terence Stamp and those voices - their solos contain this picture like carved book-ends , vintage and lovely and still so profoundly of use .
Terence Stamp is a rock star .
Terence Stamp and Vanessa Redgrave would be captivating reading the nutrition label on a bag of crisps , so it 's no surprise that they elevate `` Unfinished Song '' ...
It 's worth a watch , if just for Stamp 's complex performance . Just do n't forget to bring some tissues .
-LSB- A -RSB- sappy drama .
Blends the premise of TV 's Glee with liberal splashes of recent older-skewing audience pleasers Quartet and The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel in predictable fashion .
-LSB- Stamp -RSB- and Vanessa Redgrave , as well as supporting actors Christopher Eccleston and Gemma Arterton , raise `` Unfinished Song , '' Paul Andrew Williams 's entry in the golden age genre , from mawkish to genuinely heartwarming .
-LSB- Unfinished Song -RSB- is a British film that 's sure to fly under the radar this summer , which is a shame since it 's an entertaining little story about love , regret and aging .
Get out your handkerchiefs for an unabashed tearjerker that has some surprisingly potent moments . Buried in all the shameless sentiment is a touching family story , and good performances from veterans Terence Stamp and Vanessa Redgrave .
Stamp 's Arthur becomes the core of Unfinished Song . His risky performance takes no emotional prisoners as he dares us to hate an incorrigible old coot who ca n't see the good things before his own eyes .
If you 're an inveterate softie looking to hydrate your eyes , yes ... ca n't bear the thought of missing good work by Redgrave and Stamp , maybe ... low tolerance for having your intelligence insulted -LRB- or dreadful renditions of `` Love Shack '' -RRB- , it 's a definite no .
When it 's over you may notice red marks on your throat , so determined is `` Unfinished Song '' to strangle the audience into emotional submission .
Aims for zany and strikes out constantly .
A manipulative assemblage of tear-jerking cliches ... But it has Stamp and Redgrave , who play Marion and Arthur with such conviction that one almost buys into it .
Manages a tear or two , and enough laughs to get by , even if from first scene to last the strain to stop just short of cloying shows .
Powerfully poignant , a bumpy , bittersweet journey through grief and joy .
Vanessa Redgrave is so great she turns Cyndi Lauper 's insipid ` True Colors ' into the ultimate love ballad .
It 's all very predictable - including the competition the group enters , the tragedies along the way , and the final big-hugs-all-around ending .
The healing power of music is explored with minimal depth in this predictably sentimental crowd-pleaser that squanders a talented cast .
I ca n't fault the actors or their performances ... but it 's Vanessa Redgrave who validates Unfinished Song .
The director , Paul Andrew Williams , at least had the good sense to cast Terence Stamp and Vanessa Redgrave as his leads . Who can possibly look away from those two whenever they 're on screen ?
Unfinished Song may prove too twee , as the Brits say , for members of America 's AARP set . On the other hand , they may want to see it just to find out what Vanessa Redgrave and Terence Stamp have been up to lately .
Williams fills his screenplay with nails that he can then hammer for the rest of the running time , so whether it 's dying wife/mum/grandma or strained father-son relations that bring you to tears , the movie keeps pummeling you until you produce them .
Sweet dramedy about illness has intense , emotional moments .
Terrance Stamp , wrestling the sexy senior crown away from Paul Newman here , so completely lives in Arthur 's skin that we know the Arthur Marion -LRB- Redgrave -RRB- knows and his metamorphosis is both moving and a thing of melancholy beauty .
`` Unfinished Song '' is real , not syrupy , sentimentality and I do not think there will be many dry eyes in the house , especially from the heart-rending scenes between Arthur and Marion .
A big broad arrow aiming at the bullseye of the mainstream , Unfinished Song hits its target , but whether that relatively low bar deserves to celebrated is up for debate .
It may be hokum , but it gets to you .
The movie works mostly because of the artistry of its stellar cast and heartfelt script by writer-director Paul Andrew Williams .
-LSB- It -RSB- does n't earn its sentimentalism ; instead it rolls through a series of cliched life lessons that never come close to exploring the film 's emotional territory with any depth or commitment .
Stamp could not be better as a man set emotionally adrift when he loses the love of his life .
In the film , a comment is made about the power of a voice being not in technique but in the journey it took to get there . Stamp and Redgrave and living embodiments of that philosophy .
Thank goodness , at least , for the sterling cast . In fact , you wo n't find a better example of the ways in which craft and talent can elevate even the most rote material .
Touching story of an elder couple who discover the heart dimensions and transformative power of singing .
For all its sporadic flashes of insight , Unfinished Song is built around the assumption that there 's nothing funnier than old timers throwing devil horns , doing the robot , or performing a rousing rendition of Salt-N-Pepa 's `` Let 's Talk About Sex . ''
A movie so geared toward hitting its spots , it amounts to emotional Muzak rather than something truly played live .
A film that makes you feel a lot without resenting it . You wish it were better , but it 's good enough not to make you begrudge its shortcomings .
In the end , director Paul Andrew Williams fails to resist sentimentality , but classy acting and distinguished production values never sink to the level of soap opera .
Part end-of-life romance , part grossly manipulative mush , the film tries to stare grief and mortality in the face while practically shitting rainbows .
Williams uses a sledgehammer to drive -LSB- his -RSB- message home , but the velvet touch of his cast -LRB- particularly Redgrave -RRB- almost salvages this .
It may be the equivalent of NBA stars tossing crumpled paper into a wastebasket , but you 're no less compelled to watch old pros go through the motions .
Patronizes older people by having them act like teenagers . Embarrassing .
This is one film that 's equal parts moving and grating .
The film 's comedic elements are a bit clunky but Song For Marion clicks into gear when it starts pulling at the heart strings .
A modest joy to behold , the film also clicks into the recent high-quality spate of movies aimed at and starring seniors , such as The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel , Quartet , Performance , Amour and Hitchcock . Here 's to more .
Director Paul Andrew Williams has until now concentrated on low-budget pics about drugs , crime and blackly comic bloodthirsty horror , but with this superior character piece he also demonstrates an amiable knack for the old-fashioned tear-jerker too .
Terence Stamp is terrific as the grumpy Arthur , while Vanessa Redgrave embodies the ailing figure of Marion with a gravitas one would expect .
The sentiments expressed are sincere and the performances have great veracity so it is a shame that the film itself lacks the juice and pace proffered by its energetic cast
The interactions between Redgrave and Stamp confirm -LSB- Williams -RSB- has serious dramatic chops . The swerve towards cuddly redemption porn suggests he 's starting to panic a little .
A movie that celebrates wilful amateurism over anything good .
Everything that follows is as predictable , dreary and proverbial as the weather in Manchester .
Parts of the film are cheesy and the whole is undeniably manipulative , but the film is so tender and generous , and its stars so genuinely affecting , that it 's easy to forgive the odd bum note .
Plays like an update of the time-honoured Full Monty formula - public exhibitionism vanquishes English emotional reserve - for a post-Glee world .
It 's a very British , predictable film with its heart in the right place .
It patronises the older generation by going , `` Tee-hee , look at them trying to be young '' .
It has its saving graces , and the chief of them is the performance by Terence Stamp as Mr Grumpy .
Writer-director Paul Andrew Williams plucks at our heartstrings with the sensitivity of Mike Tyson singing a love song .
Sentimental stuff but when an ailing Redgrave sings True Colours it really does bring a lump to your throat .
Grit-meister Paul Andrew Williams switches to the key of C major for a commercial crowdpleaser about a seniors ' choir .
Overacting while peering through goggly specs , Redgrave comes on like a drag-act Mr Magoo .
Too emotionally manipulative , but not without its moments of real tenderness and warmth .
Song for Marion is imbued with a warmth and sensitivity , and while it may hit those familiar weepie conventions , there 's much enjoyment to be had here .
By hook or by crook , Williams chivvies everyone along to the requisite throat-clearing denouement . A feelgood finale , for sure . You just might feel like you 've been man-handled to get there .
Heartwarming British drama enlivened by a trio of terrific performances from Gemma Arterton , Terence Stamp and Vanessa Redgrave .
For all its flaws , it 's pretty funny and moving .
Even though we know where the film 's going , it still manages to give the tear-ducts a workout .
Stamp and Redgrave look suitably comfy together , like an old pair of slippers and it 's her adoring gaze that softens Arthur 's hard edges .
With Redgrave on top form and the story 's moving take on devotion in the face of death , your tear ducts will be powerless to resist .
There may be the odd bum note but Williams ' film is largely on song and full of genuine , heartfelt emotion . Stamp 's masterclass in melancholy is something to behold .
Die hard weepy fans might find catharsis in the amount of tears that flow but for the rest of us , it 's one to avoid .
The emotional bonds between the three leads are so plausibly knotted -LRB- Eccleston , in particular , is unquestionably his screen father 's son -RRB- that it 's tempting to forgive the film the occasional off-key honk .
... a crowd-pleaser along the lines of such similarly-themed fare as Calendar Girls and The Full Monty .
Song for Marion seems to be aiming for the grey pound , but its treatment of elderly people is so corny it 's hard to see it appealing to the audience that flocked to The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel .

@highlight

It 's unabashedly sentimental , but thanks to reliably powerful performances from a well-rounded veteran cast , Unfinished Song proves a sweetly compelling character piece .