The Crazies is a scary , smart thriller that tweaks its tropes and offers a non-preachy fable about the military 's dark side .
Mediocre acting and a tired plotline ruins what 's left of the movie .
The Crazies is a genuinely good film , deserving of its namesake and bolstered by confident , muscular direction and some fine performances from the cast .
Activism-minded moviegoers will welcome the second coming of Romero 's cautionary tale , but they 'll have to sit through one hell of a nasty pitchfork scene to get the message .
Some genuinely scary scenes are n't enough to save this tired and unnecessary remake .
If you have n't seen that many horror films , you might find it thrilling , but for those of you who are familiar with the genre you will most likely find yourself bored , and wishing for something more original .
Do n't be afraid of the horror remake stigma here ; be afraid of The Crazies ' constant , electric hum of dread .
Without giving a lot away , you 'll be creeped a handful of times .
It does n't stray that far from its conventional horror roots but what it does , it does ... adequately . Which , if we 're honest , is a lot more than you expect out of something called The Crazies .
Without any palpable sense of terror or political subtext , the film is analogous to its not-exactly-zombie townsfolk who stagger about purposefully but blankly .
Possibly worth watching for a bit of a laugh if you 're a fan of Romero , or horror generally , but it 's nothing that 'll be remembered for long after you leave the theatre .
-LSB- A -RSB- respectable update .
While it loses the charm of Romero 's low-budget clunkiness , it is in all other regards superior .
A goofy but entertaining and creepy horror film ...
If you 're looking for a good scare , it delivers big time and , as an added bonus , has a degree of sensibility and depth making it so much more than an average horror movie .
The incoherence is made all the more disappointing because Eisner displays a great deal of raw talent for the genre 's tone and set pieces .
Remake of the George Romero film features Timothy Olyphant as the sheriff of a peaceful small town where things begin to go horribly awry . Meh .
`` A more direct shot of scares , gussied up with overtly slick filmmaking that spends more time on technical challenges than it does lacing together a consistently nail-biting motion picture . ''
Acted and executed competently enough , but does n't take the premise anywhere fresh .
There are questions that would have been major issues in a better film , but here they 're just quibbles among scary-enough set pieces .
A decent disaster film masquerading as a horror flick .
In the end , we 're more scared for these people because they 're fleshed-out characters , not the anonymous and interchangeable targets that populate most horror schlock .
Plenty of chills with a fair amount of twists and turns . A great cast plus able direction gives a genuine small town feel ... making the horror element even more effective . Paul Chambers , CNN .
An unilluminating remake of George Romero 's brilliant and angry 1973 thriller ...
The Crazies : An Effective Throwback to 70 's Horror
The Crazies has it both ways , uglifying the punishers and the punishees , all marauding brutes .
`` The Crazies '' is n't the worst horror film you 'll see nor is it the best . It 's a decently made horror film that serves it 's purpose which is to freak you out a little bit but not really make you think % u2026
Though the final act plays out like some kind of Blue Collar Comedy Massacre , this updating of Romero 's 1973 biohazard paranoia flick is a fairly solid genre outing .
-LSB- A -RSB- fast-paced thriller -LSB- that -RSB- wo n't change your life , but it wo n't leave you checking your watch every five minutes either .
Eisner stages a tight , confident and relatively big horror film . And farm machinery has rarely been so eerie .
It absolutely gets the job done . It does n't light the world on fire - actually it does , but only literally , not metaphorically - but it 's not trying to and it does n't want to .
The Crazies is creepy and it made me squirm with discomfort .
marvel at the film 's remarkable comfort with ambiguity
A bland and uninspiring remake of the 1973 George Romero 's original .
Sorry George Romero ... these remakes of your movies are actually better than your latest films .
Tense . Gross . Gory . Nice shots of Iowa . Nice shots of Joe Anderson as my new favorite Brit-who-roughs-it-up-playing-American . But is it something you 're likely to remember 10 minutes after it ends ? Nah .
It 's a smart meat-and-potatoes-and-gore throwback .
The Crazies falls into a run-hide-fight narrative loop that 's not unlike a video game .
Unlike Romero 's film , what 's missing is a trenchant sense of connection to our historical moment .
True , director Eisner 's reboot of Romero 's 1973 original has absolutely no political resonance . But it 's better that way .
Neither scary nor realistic and it needs to be one of those or both
... a pervasively tedious piece of work ...
It 's kind of crazy , but it 's also pretty smart . And if your nervous system can stand it , you should see it .
Jettisons any psychological aspects that Romero explored in favor of cheap , stupid jump scares accompanied by cacophonous shrieks on the soundtrack .
Where Romero moved straight into the socio-political criticism -LRB- especially the heavy-handed and talky anti-military stuff -RRB- , Eisner concentrates more on moving the plot along quickly and creating memorable suspense scenes .
May not break new ground , but ... it treads familiar territory with considerable dexterity .
works surprisingly well , in terms of both its extended tension and its deployment of genuinely unsettling images and situations that linger in the mind long after it 's over
Now , here 's a thriller to be crazy about .
It 's more a taut psychological thriller than a geek show . And in doing away with the original 's reliance on dialogue to make clear its ideological thrust , Eisner has crafted a leaner and more effective film .
A spooky , suspenseful , scary gorefest - but you expect that , do n't you ?
If you enjoy hide-and-seek horror films , this one is n't bad . Viewers who prefer more sophisticated plots may not agree with me .
A slick , stylish and finely crafted albeit unsurprising horror film that delivers the requisite chills and thrills .
The Crazies is scary , funny and more grown up than a lot of recent horror movies .
It 's escapism without being stupid , capable of taking the audience on a ride while still giving them something to talk about on the drive home .
If the subtext 's too heavy for you , you can choose to ignore it and instead read The Crazies as a survival guide to what to do when the zombie outbreak hits .
-LSB- S -RSB- urprisingly thoughtful -- yet not quite thoughtful enough ... -LSB- G -RSB- ives way to imagery and notions that are much more horrifying that the usual zombie stuff ...
The Crazies is the sharp , sophisticated horror remake we 've been waiting for .
Most modern horror films are more terrifyingly boring than actually terrifying . What 's most effective about The Crazies is that it never drags . It 's crazy fun .
Unanswered question : If they nuke Iowa , where are we going to get our High-Fructose Corn Syrup ?
A fast-paced , smartly shot , and well acted horror/thriller , The Crazies is a cut above most remakes .
The blood is certainly convincing these days , but it generally flows only in the safest and most inoffensive , uncontroversial directions .
It devolves to simple run-and-hide cliches , usually accompanied by jarring musical jolts .
It might have succumbed to cliche were it not for the strength of the lead .
Mindless fun . I did n't learn a thing about how to survive zombie-crazies but by dumb luck . When is someone going to organize zombies and give them a purpose ?
It never demonstrates a compelling reason for its own existence aside from allowing Romero -LRB- who gets an executive producer credit here -RRB- to make a few bucks off of the remake rights .
It spares us the disturbing sight of a decent film being haplessly eviscerated for its brand name . By that standard , The Crazies is insanely good .
A tingler that 's cynical and cruel -- it takes it for a given that our government would conspire to kill its citizens , even using Holocaust imagery to sharpen its point .
Romero had quite a lot on his mind , back in the day : Vietnam , the Kent State shootings , a wicked distrust of the military and the Man in general . Eisner has almost nothing on his mind .
Even the extra-loud crazies who were sitting a few rows behind me cheered for the characters . You know a horror flick has done its job when the audience is rooting for the characters versus yelling at the screen , ` Just kill 'em off ! '
If there 's a message in all this , it 's buried in blood splatter . Which is fine , but makes The Crazies more disappointing than if it had less lofty goals .
The filmmakers seem less clear on what really made those early Romero films great , which is something that , by definition , ca n't be re-created by any level of loving craftsmanship : They were timely .
While this is more smoothly realized than Romero 's choppy original , it 's also been streamlined for mass consumption , removing all thorny sociopolitical subtext , avoiding the '73 model 's cruelly ironic conclusion , and throwing in far too many cheap scares .
A testament to the value of understated genre craftsmanship .
While not on a par with `` Night of the Living Dead , '' `` The Crazies '' hits the zombie on the head with good reason .
Olyphant and Anderson deliver strong performances in this sometimes predictable yet sometimes surprising horror flick with an amazing last forty minutes .
Even on the level of killer-virus-gone-wild gore-fest , The Crazies as rejiggered by Eisner is a dud .
A retool in more ways than one , but enjoyable nonetheless .
There 's too much story and key details are absent or underexplained . Though far from unwatchable , The Crazies feels like a missed opportunity .
Though the setting and plot might seem familiar , the scares and direction are as slick as the pacing . Breck Eisner 's best work to date and a film that all horror remakes should take note of : this is how you get it right .
Hits the traditional horror buttons , while also showing some scary government genocide .
Some efficient genre thrills .
A remake of George A. Romero 's 1973 Vietnam-era movie , the new movie retains all the social commentary of the original , but streamlines it and smoothes it .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s hard to be wowed by films of this stature , especially when there are clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- s at every turn and inconsequential characters crop up so opportunely , but go with it ; at very worst itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s still fun for the ride .
Do n't expect the little grey cells to be stimulated while watching the movie . Do expect several shivers down the spine at regular intervals .
This slick remake of George Romero 's 1973 horror film , in which a bioweapon is accidentally unleashed on a small American town , is scary and as timely as it was during the Vietnam era that spawned the original .
What starts out as 28 -LRB- or more accurately , 2 -RRB- Days Later In Iowa , becomes a drawn-out plod to nowhere . A bit like The Road without the doomy atmosphere .
Switching from fright film to Holocaust metaphor without ever relinquishing its popcorn-flick credentials , this is a vivid portrait of small-town apocalypse that earns its place in the annals of horror remake excellence .
Here 's what I can say for sure about the humanoid attackers in the new version of The Crazies : They 're not very interesting .
In the big picture , the government is the bad guy . In the moment , however , the school principal with a blood-drenched pitchfork will do quite nicely , thank you .
Not only is the film effective in making points about potential quarantine dangers , but also in how they could be horribly mishandled , and it 's all frighteningly underlined by the shocking finale .
The Signal went straight to DVD here , while Eisner 's competent but point-missing Romero rip-off makes it to our big screens . Talk about crazy .
The Crazies does what an exploitation movie should : It gets in , it scares you silly , and it gets out , all while playing fair by the audience .
There was not an overabundance of blood & gore and a great hint of comedy that had me loving `` The Crazies '' .
This loose-ish remake , on the other hand , is slick , fast-paced and as bland as a bowl of tofu .
It will scare your underpants off .
What stops this B movie from being A grade is that the survivors are obvious and only Olyphant can really act . Still , The Crazies is demented enough to loosen every screw of your mental hinges .
The movie never takes you anyplace truly uncomfortable - for that , you have to go back to the source material . But the new The Crazies still delivers a good , scary horror show .
The Crazies is familiar B-movie fare , but it 's also lively fun and presented with well-paced flair . Be sure to watch it in a safe and contained area .
Eisner stumbles in playing up an inherent tension that could have given audiences their own case of the crazies .
As far as utterly pointless , unnecessary retreads go , The Crazies is n't all that bad .
It 's easy to see why one should shove The Crazies aside as another dumb slasher , but it 's harder to actually do that .
This remake of George A. Romero 's 1973 biological warfare shocker is a trim , taut , terrifying essay in homespun horror .
The Crazies is a very good movie that also happens to be a horror movie .
Nearly every scare in The Crazies is telegraphed , whether by suddenly too-tight photography or shrieky crescendos of sound .
The big difference between Mr. Romero 's film and Mr. Eisner 's -- which is so intelligent you fear the fanboys will scatter -- is that Mr. Eisner never gives us the military 's point of view .
This remake of George A Romero 's 1973 movie is gross , bloody and savagely effective , with its palette of sickly browns and reds , and the nasty surprises that jump out of clapboard barns and innocent meadows .
Eisner brings plenty of tension and some gratifying scares amid the ordinariness of Main Street U.S.A. , clapboard farmhouses and wide fields .
You have to give Eisner points for knowing where all the bodies are buried , and how to unearth them suddenly for maximum effect .
-LSB- Eisner 's -RSB- version of The Crazies may not have the raw power of the 1973 original but it is an efficient , slightly soulless depiction of how quickly civilised values are abandoned as panic erupts in America 's heartland .
Even for a horror movie , The Crazies is a bore , and we 're talking about the most boring genre this side of dysfunctional-family indie drama .
While the shocks are original , gory and well mounted , by the end , you realise this director Breck Eisner ai n't got what it takes to pull the trigger .
Adapted from horror master George A. Romero 's micro-budget 1973 classic , The Crazies delivers some satisfying scares but skims blithely over the darker ramifications of its story .
The Crazies is 101 minutes long and about 87 minutes of that is crap . The characters are lifeless , the scares are predictable and the allusions to the Iraq War are even more fucking mad than you 'd expect .
This 2010 update does n't have the social commentary of Romero 's film , but for 101 minutes of action-packed , edge of your seat stuff , that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
The best thing about this remake is its refusal to pull any of its punches .
This is the movie you wanted Outbreak to be .
Tense , exciting , and occasionally very scary .
There 's nothing particularly original here , but given the choice between a solidly-crafted retread and an innovative pile of rubbish , I 'll gladly take the former .
A partial success of method that 's missing the madness .
all tone and atmosphere , with very little dread to go around .
Parental Content Review
This remake of George A. Romero 's 1973 not-quite-a-zombie-flick is more effective as a thrill ride than a truly scary experience .
It 's not that The Crazies is awful , it 's that it 's too middle-of-the-road mediocre to earn a particularly strong reaction either way . In some respects , that 's almost worse .
The problem with The Crazies ? Not crazy enough .
The Crazies is the kind of horror movie you can enjoy being scared by .
The Crazies knows what scares you , and once it pins you to your seat , it wo n't let go until the film 's stark finale .
-LSB- The Crazies is -RSB- ... a surprisingly effective and engaging film that hits the ground running and never lets up .
Director Breck Eisner cranks up the gore to levels that are overpowering and unpalatable .
A slicker production than the original but some of the grit is gone .
It 's not exactly a plausible scenario , but The Crazies makes it feel that way , at least for the length of its taut , thoroughly entertaining running time .
Gets that intangible feeling of primordial dread from out of your nightmares and onto the screen .
... a stunningly creepy image of a small rowboat floating above a submerged military transport plane ... is a visual metaphor for the widespread Government coverup about to unfold
Without the rotting ickiness of proper zombies , they just seem like methed-out Iowans looking for a fix . That 's scary , but not scary enough .
A reimagining of George Romero 's 1973 horror flick , The Crazies brings in contemporary themes of paranoia and bio-terror and updates them for a new generation to whom this sort of far-fetched premise holds some fear-based truth .
While it 's no classic , taken on its own terms it 's effective .
wickedly fun and equally wicked when it comes to creating villains out of something worse , and more intractable , than conventional demons , while finding something noble , if not always reliable , in humanity
Given the abundance of irritating horror movies unleashed by Hollywood it 's always a pleasure to find a genre flick that knows what works .
It should not be judged for what it is not . But nearly everything about it works .
This new film has the advantage of superior craft : Maxime Alexandre 's cinematography brings the various cramped suspense set pieces to vivid , dingy life .
Eisner and his scenarists -LRB- Scott Kosar , Ray Wright -RRB- make changes mostly for the better , ramping up the horror factor via tighter focus on the imperiled locals and the requisite hike in gory violence .
This spirited yet faithful George Romero remake has the makings of a certified hit .
It appears that Eisner was intentionally aiming at our young MTV-addicted generation . The pacing works well for those with short attention spans -LRB- that 's me ! -RRB- as it 's energetic , fast-paced and quite engaging .
chock-full-o nuts .
A lunatic epidemic yarn that impressively delivers murder with a message , a homicidal car wash , a steakhouse with human barbecue , mass extermination just in case , and local shrinks in short supply . Off meds with George Romero , pass the strait jacket .
The last thing I need is another Jump Out / Loud Noise/Alarming Chord Movie .
Built for one purpose only : to scare the crap out of you . Which it does , regularly and effectively . Do n't go expecting anything deeper -- or anything less .
... a better film -LSB- than the Romero version , but -RSB- unlikely to engender as much affection .
Impatient as they may be , the filmmakers never lose sight of what 's important , namely keeping Dutton 's rag-tag group of survivors sympathetic and perpetually in peril .
This is complete and utter anarchy with every person out for himself , as the idealistic American dream gives way in real-time to the darker impulse of self-preservation .
Olyphant , an actor capable of playing stoic heroes as well as sneering villains , anchors the movie with a believable sense of desperation , and the brief film does n't waste a second on anything that does n't bear directly on the crisis at hand .
This remake of a 1973 chiller is unlike almost every horror remake on the planet in one key way -- it 's really good .
The Crazies struggles to find novelty and laughs , and must battle the overwhelming sense that we 've been here , seen this too often and too recently to experience any real surprises .
A beautifully shot film that contains equal measures of style and gore .

@highlight

Tense , nicely shot , and uncommonly intelligent , The Crazies is a horror remake that , unusually , works .