But Chelsea on the Rocks is a happy film-I find it hard to think of a movie released this year that 's more optimistic .
A creative community is as fragile an ecosystem as any salt marsh and just as easily destroyed : Chelsea on the Rocks celebrates a hotel which nurtured some of the greatest talents of the twentieth century .
There 's a great movie to be made about the Chelsea Hotel ; unfortunately , this is n't it .
It 's a cheap , vicarious high to hear these unidentified denizens reminisce about the orgies and overdoses that seem to have been included with the rent .
Fond and funky elegy
Nostalgic and fun to talk about but not that much fun to listen to . At some point the dead will simply rest in peace .
You may not learn much about the hotel itself from Chelsea on the Rocks , but you come away knowing exactly what it was like to live there .
A visually poetic , if erratically edited , portrait illustrating how `` the energy of this hotel is bigger than the people in it . ''
This is Ferrara 's first documentary since 1977 , and it has the crackbrained air of menace and the ferocious humor that mark his fictional works .
Unfocused and uninteresting documentary about the famous hotel for bohemians of all stripes .
Often drags with poor editing and lack of sufficient insight while leaving you feeling unengaged and underwhelmed .
... Ferrara has left a testament to a beloved place whose spirit has been corrupted by commerce .
Ferrera 's shaggy tone , which fits the iconic building , gets irritating . Still , if you come for the stories , you 'll stay for the company .
In need of a re-edit like few other films , Chelsea on the Rocks is n't so much bad as it is disappointing .
Chelsea on the Rocks rambles a bit , but it 's a real slice of New York history that includes everything from Ethan Hawke recounting a hilarious story about Marilyn Monroe and Arthur Miller at the hotel to footage of the 9/11 attacks ...
An enraptured fantasia of high times at the hotel , the film is so intoxicated with the Chelsea 's bohemian mystique it virtually consumes itself .
Ferrara found a way to adapt his ramshackle style to the documentary format , and his new Chelsea on the Rocks works spectacularly .
Ferrara himself is no stranger to substance abuse or self-destructive impulses , and he 's perfectly in sync with the Chelsea 's spirit .
Not exactly art for art 's sake , more like a case of film for historic preservation 's sake !
It makes sense that , within his own act of remembrance , Ferrara would include a hotel tenant 's home-movie footage of the September 11 attacks . The underlying message , in both cases , is the same : Never forget .
Chelsea rambles -- and in a way that makes you want to move down the bar .
Chelsea on the Rocks is very lively , somewhat thrown together in that loose yet aggressively visceral Ferrara style .
often inscrutable but still fresh and surprising
Manhattan 's storied hotel is the timely subject of this passionate tribute .
`` Chelsea on the Rocks '' is a precious cinematic document of a unique global community that gravitated around the Chelsea hotel .
A warm and curiously engaging film despite many flaws and the sloppiness of its construction .
A skittery , rambling but often absorbing portrait of the Chelsea Hotel .
You want rough-and-tumble ? Can you handle rough-and-tumble ?

@highlight

Abel Ferrara 's loving portrait of New York 's Chelsea Hotel is less interested in telling the story of its famous residents than in exploring the magic of the place that housed so many moments in rock history .