Filmmaker Lian Lunson uses a 2005 Sydney tribute concert to Leonard Cohen as a home base for her relatively shallow examination of the best folk singer to slit your wrists to .
They really dropped the ball on this one - despite unfettered access to L.C. himself , you get a rambling interview interspersed with what for the most part are poor cover versions of the man 's songs .
Fans of his poetry-like songs whose lyrics conjure imagery of his thoughts and experiences , will revel in this emotion and music-filled tribute .
Hit and miss tribute to the great melancholist .
Cohen is clearly a songwriter 's songwriter , and the resulting movie brims with an infectious passion for the man 's melodies and sardonic wit . Unfortunately , the performances are interspersed with interview footage that is much less captivating .
At various times poet , consort of beautiful women and Zen monk , his biog 's intriguing too , all of which makes this doc highly welcome , even if it 's at best a partial view .
A mixed bag of interviews and musical tribute concert performances that range from great to awful .
It 's not a deep documentary . We learn precious little about the real man underneath his sharp-dressed pose .
The fact is , any Leonard Cohen documentary automatically risks inelegance by contrast to its subject 's artistic example . But here 's the flip side of that coin : Cohen is so good that even an untimely , mediocre movie about him ... resonate -LSB- s -RSB- .
Cohen fans -- myself included -- will leave the film 's interviews wanting more insight . Moviegoers unfamiliar with Cohen 's long career will wonder why he warrants gushing testimonials from U2 's Bono .
Despite the missteps during takeoff and landing , the film does prove to be an engaging and beguiling journey with a true original .
The proof of Cohen 's genius is in the music , and Leonard Cohen : I 'm Your Man drives that genius home with virtually every stanza .
Though a minor documentary and poorly filmed , there 's still enough of the wordsmith 's music to get over the mess .
First-time filmmaker Lian Lunson has struck the mother lode here .
Even if Cohen is your man , is this your movie ? ... Despite Lunson 's reverent efforts , I 'm Your Man is n't The Last Waltz .
I 'm Your Man may be as close as we 'll ever get to Cohen on film .
The film comes to life when Cohen is on screen .
A moving tribute to this legendary artist 's life and career .
I 'm Your Man never quite gets its man in a coherent frame , but for all its zigs and zags outside the lines , the portrait of Cohen that emerges is a fascinating one .
An odd but enjoyable concoction of biography , music commentary and concert .
Would n't $ 10 be more wisely spent on his greatest hits ?
satisfies best during brief Cohen interview segments and whenever Rufus Wainwright or Nick Cave cover
A mostly engaging , informative , entertaining film
You know it has to be coming , but when it does , ` Suzanne ' almost stops time with its prayerful beauty .
In the end , it 's Cohen 's songs that are what this loving musical portrait is all about .
Cohen himself , in an immaculate suit , steps onto a nightclub stage to perform one song himself . He is preternaturally cool , and the song is exquisitely chosen . Suddenly , any reservations you may have had about the film dissolve .
We hardly get to know Cohen from the biographical shorthand melded to a worshipful tribute show in which the Canadian singer-songwriter never even appears .
A tribute concert with earnest but mostly average performances gussied up with fawning if passionate praise from admirers and occasional bits of self-deprecation from Cohen himself .
Whatever the approach , the songs are sturdy enough to support it while remaining resigned and elusive , their words practically glowing in the dark .
The strength and beauty of Cohen 's songs is , if anything , enhanced by the treatment they get from such folk legends -- and legends in the making -- as Kate and Anna McGarrigle , and Kate 's son and daughter , Rufus and Martha Wainwright .
Mr. Cohen is funny and charming while being brilliantly observant , so it 's especially frustrating that this film about him is so reverent and humorless .
Bloodless where it should be bold , precious where it should be perceptive and irritating where it should be inspiring .
It 's an incompetent mess .
Entertaining , if lightly inquisitive , tribute concert film .
It 's just a privilege and a pleasure to spend time with this material ... and this man .
The performers capture the deep , heartfelt hum of Cohen 's voice and deliver a haunting tribute to a poetic soul .
It tastefully serves the darkly searching sensitivity of a brave original .
Cohen is such a mesmerizing narrator of his own life , it 's a shame the sound bites do n't dig deeper ; there 's probably a first-rate autobiography in the outtakes .
As a movie subject , Cohen has proven equally electrifying and elusive .
You leave the theater in no doubt that he was born with the gift .
For those of us hard-wired since birth to sing the praises of this melancholy Montreal poet-musician , the film is a singular pleasure .
Cohen frequently is n't talking -- the subject too often goes missing from his own portrait .
Pretty captivating ... though also uneven and structurally problematical .
The concert shows off Cohen 's unifying influence on an astonishingly diverse range of musicians .
Director Lunson is wise to break up the music with the talking heads : The concert inadvertently drives home the narrow range of Cohen 's songwriting ...
... if you like the man and his music , then I 've got a concert documentary for you .
The only thing that matters is the music , if that 's bad , the film will suck and if it 's great , well ... that 's what you pay your money for .
A well-meaning but ultimately unsatisfying film .
Leonard Cohen , the darkly rumbling hipster-Buddhist-poet-troubadour gets his own loving tribute in this concert film/testimonial .
Offering both too little material and too much , the movie leaves us in the bizarre position of understanding its subject no better by the end than we did at the beginning .
a frustrating mess , redeemed intermittently by a few solid musical performances and by the towering , erudite presence of Cohen himself .
It 's enough to send fans and converts alike to the Cohen library for more of the master himself .
The raspy-voiced troubadour is celebrated in the mesmerizing documentary Leonard Cohen : I 'm Your Man .
If you 're going to make a documentary about Leonard Cohen , the singer-songwriter , you should have him perform some of his better-known melodies , like Suzanne .
What a thrill to hear the songs of Leonard Cohen treated with such reverence and to learn so much about his life and creativity .
Lian Lunson 's wonderful documentary portrait combines pieces of an extended interview with Mr. Cohen with a tribute concert at the Sydney Opera House in January 2005 .
Because Cohen is such a colorful , eloquent central character , I 'm Your Man overcomes its flaws . His music may not be everyone 's cup of folk-rock tea , but his stories of lost love , self-doubt and creative struggle ring universal .
I 'm Your Man succeeds best when it intensifies its focus on the work and life of its main subject , seen in interviews , home movies and in a climactic performance with Bono and The Edge on ` Tower of Song . '
Thorough it 's not , but the concert documentary Leonard Cohen : I 'm Your Man gathers solid interviews , anecdotes , recitations and tribute performances that present a fairly engaging portrait of the wry , dark poet who became a distinct voice .
I 'm not generally a big fan of tribute concerts , but this is a glorious exception .
Next to Cohen 's castle of music , place this fetching little monument to the bard of rapturous bereavement .
Cohen 's songs are both universal and deeply personal . Even when we 're listening to him alone in our room , we still feel like part of the world .
No matter how much unique artistry they bring to their interpretations , something essential is lost when anyone other than Cohen is at the mike .
A lulling , reverential salute .
-LSB- A -RSB- rather grating hagiography .
How odd , that someone would make a documentary about Leonard Cohen with so little Leonard Cohen in it !
Most concert films follow familiar formulas , and this one is no exception ... Cynics may find a motive for the film in Cohen 's recent legal problems .
In the end , I had the feeling that I had been to church .
The concert achieves mixed success , lurching back and forth between earnest folk renditions of Cohen classics versus twitchy , indulgent freak shows and post-punk gravitas .
Captures the elegance , wit , spiritual longing and deep hum-ability of Cohen 's work .
A funny , frank and incisive look at the philosophical singer and poet .
Cohen 's songs have always had a epic quality -LRB- ` Anthem ' for the most obvious -RRB- , and going in I could n't imagine there being any way to elevate them higher ... but the film does .
A moving and celebratory rock-doc that proves itself worthy of its subject .
A nice auto-portrait .
An affectionate and intimate celebration of the acclaimed troubadour in stirring music and words .

@highlight

A moving , if somewhat uneven , look at the legendary singer-songwriter , I 'm Your Man treats Cohen 's body of work with the reverence it deserves .