Viewers will find themselves asking `` Why ? Why ? Why ? '' in a structural echo , perhaps , of the repetition in the film 's title .
In the end , we 're left just as much in the dark as we were in the beginning of the film as to what motivates such a young woman to give up her life .
The Day of the Jackal meets The Rapture in a bathtub full of barbiturates .
den dikaiologei bebaia ton enthoysiasmo me ton opoio petaksan tis kilotes toys arketoi fanatikoi tis afairetikis kinimatografisis ana ton kosmo toy anaksartitoy , alla oyte prepei na perasei aparatiriti , esto kai san sporadika epityhimeni kai akribis .
It is small of scale , budget and even of intentions . But like any act of the unthinkable , it looms large in the imagination .
Loktev creates a minimalist study of unfathomable faith .
Unfortunately this portrait of a young woman on the eve of her first terrorist foray -- a bombing of Times Square -- replaces the knee-jerk patriotic bluster of Hollywood films with its own postmodern cliches .
The kind of movie that is far more interesting and edifying to read about and discuss than it is to actually sit through .
In striving to nail down every excruciating detail of how an attack might take place , Loktev squanders forward momentum .
For 94 mesmerizing , narratively minimalist minutes Russian born filmmaker Julia Loktev pushes post 9-11 buttons . The result is a masterfully crafted exercise in dread unlike anything you 're likely to have seen before .
The film is beautifully built and has moments of terrifying tension . If it ca n't quite find a way to end , it nonetheless makes vivid work of the time it takes .
An unflinching look , uncomfortably up close and personal , at a young woman determined to go through actions that we know must end badly .
The film 's format and style dictate that she has to hold our interest throughout , sometimes without dialogue .
Julia Loktev 's movie never explains the suicide bomber or makes her strange in order to ease your own mind . Rather , it makes you nervous both for and about her .
All in all , it 's a creepy subject for a movie -- especially when there is no payoff at the end .
This is Filmmaking !
For something completely different , controversial subject matter -LRB- New York bombing -RRB- combines with seamless set/surroundings to project a set of abstract images and a marginally successful experimental adventure .
Efforts to universalize this story by avoiding specifics ends up making Day Night Day Night broad and blank , reducing the lead character to one more generic nutcase for us to fear and pity . And is n't the anonymity of bombers precisely the problem ?
never gives us a simple why
Day Night Day Night brings plenty of shakycam immediacy and a cute face to what seems to be zero point of view .
Day Night Day Night has captured viewers ' attention around the world for its remarkable craftsmanship , technical command and distinctive vision .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Loktev provokes in her audience an involuntary shudder , because we realize that whether an act is madness or inspiration really depends on what side you 're on .
Inspired by an actual event in her native Russia , current New Yorker Julia Loktev 's Day Night Day Night offers a chillingly effective look at the ease with which a suicide bomber could wreak havoc on U.S. soil -- specifically in Times Square .
A stunt masquerading as a statement .
Filmmaker Julia Loktev 's taut , harrowing drama chronicles two days and nights of one of our darkest contemporary fears : a young woman who , for reasons never stated , decides to turn herself into a human bomb .
Too much information would only get in the way and lessen this compelling film 's evocation of dread .
By taking such a detached perspective on the girl 's quest , the entire project is reduced to an exercise in inconsequential imagination .
Day Night Day Night , a movie about a suicide bomber , may be serious , and it is certainly sure of itself . But it is also maddeningly , purposefully evasive .
The audience learns everything -LSB- director -RSB- Loktev is willing to reveal about her central character within the first 20 of her 94-minute film .
Terror is existential in this highly intelligent , somewhat sadistic , totally fascinating movie .
Loktev still deserves much credit for taking on a potentially unrewarding project with such brio and skill .
DAY NIGHT DAY NIGHT has an intriguing premise but I did feel that the filmmaker failed to deliver on her intentions .
I 'm frankly flummoxed about what Day Night Day Night adds up to , but its ` You Are There ' allure is potent .
Shrouded by a haunting pall which permeates the picture throughout , the movie is more interested in examining the mindset of a maniacal Muslim with her finger on the trigger than with the plight of her potential victims .
Amazing how a no-budget movie with no music , celebrity actors , production design , explosions , witty dialogue , can create so much tension !
This is a movie that 's better left unexplained , since part of what is so breathtaking is Loktev 's strength as a storyteller and Williams 's expressiveness as an actor .
A scary and gripping drama that follows an earnest young suicide bomber on her mission to Times Square .
... there 's something strangely fascinating about all of this ...
Essential viewing .
Like United 93 , Day Night Day Night exploits our post-9 / 11 anxieties .
Overly reliant on a weak lead performance , it drags so much that you 're left almost wanting the bomb to go off .
You spend the film wondering and speculating , looking for clues , and watching carefully .
By turns frustrating and impressive in its austerity .



@highlight

Day Night Day Night is a minimalist drama that refuses to indulge in stereotypes , making it all the more realistic and chilling .