The writing , the cast , and the story all felt less like an endorsement of the Ouija board game and more like a warning of how it should n't be used - a perfect advertisement that feels like anything but .
There are few resources as effective in horror movies as a possessed child . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is an instant classic that will have you screaming in your seat and cowering behind the seat in front of you .
Tedious supernatural thriller based on the Hasbro game .
None of those rules apply here . It is literally every man , woman , and child for his - or herself . Which is the refreshing part about this film and , perhaps more importantly , it revives the franchise .
A sequel far better than anyone probably could have expected after seeing the first installment , Ouija : Origin of Evil is a real treat for horror lovers , and it 's one of Flanagan 's most well-crafted efforts to date .
A lack of memorable moments or original components makes Ouija : Origin Of Evil feel completely forgettable
An effective , even superior prequel , Ouija : Origin of Evil looks like a sure bet to be a Halloween hit , a
Incites scares as well as contemplation .
While it 's not the best showcase for up-and-coming horror director Mike Flanagan -LRB- Oculus , Hush -RRB- , it 's not a total waste of his gifts , either .
Ouija : Origin of Evil is the rare sequel to eclipse the original . Then again , the first film was so tedious and clumsy there was nowhere to go but up .
Ouija -LRB- 2014 -RRB- was terrible , but this prequel takes off in an entirely new direction with its mesmerizingly weird compositions and rhythms and wicked humor .
A film that consolidates as a sequel that far exceeds the achievements of the original movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not the sequel you 'd expect from an inferior original .
Many will be surprised to learn that the prequel to 2014 's poorly-received Ouija is actually a pretty entertaining supernatural horror .
There is clearly a great deal of love and craftsmanship put into Ouija : Origin Of Evil , and that 's what makes its flatness so frustrating .
Even as the sometimes silly horror cliches accumulate , the characters retain our sympathy , thanks to the fraught family dynamic that Flanagan establishes as credibly as the layout of the rambling old Los Angeles home where the horror erupts .
A very conventional and more competent film in comparison with usual Hollywood products . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very chilling film that is more than a delight for horror fans , with good performances and well-developed characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a shockingly good sequel to a lousy movie .
By piling on the characterization and atmosphere , Mike Flanagan creates a true horror classic out of broken pieces from the previous title .
Ouija : Origin of Evil has an uneven start but ends on a high note thanks to strong characters , a plot that wisely invests its focus in the struggles that inform their actions .
Not innovative but manages to establish itself as a great nightmarish film to watch on Halloween . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With Halloween around the corner , this is a perfectly timed release .
A competent horror film that does not seek to conquer the fans of this genre , it only wants to reach more people . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Stylish , spooky and superbly acted , this is a supremely entertaining horror prequel that confirms writer-director Mike Flanagan as a serious horror talent to watch .
A pleasant , creepy surprise , a stylish funhouse that , like Flanagan 's other films , finds new life in old scenarios .
Ouija : Origin of Evil succeeds on many levels .
Ouija giddily zips between haunted house thriller , exorcism drama and skillful period piece , all wrapped up in a neat and terrifying little bow .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a largely silly , disjointed construction of run-of-the-mill scares and awkward priest jokes , but at least director Mike Flanagan gives it his best shot , which is more than we can say of his predecessor .
The unsavory plot permutations of the final reel undercut the promise of the earlier ones ... Though a cut above the usual horror fare , this is a step down from Flanagan 's previous film , ` Oculus . '
plays on hopes and fears about our fragile place in the universe with a nimble precision and a prescient acuity
The first hour keeps the suspense admirably taut , the 1967 period setting and sense of domestic claustrophobia bringing a twist of style that puts this way ahead of the first ho-hum chapter .
Spooky supernatural story - for those who enjoy being scared .
Young Lulu Wilson offers a memorable performance . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
A substantial improvement over the original film , but also another valuable contribution to an exceptional year for the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that reliably reconstructs the era in which the story develops and where the cast deliver a strong and compelling interpretations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Flanagan does indeed dazzle and rouse and win the skeptical over .
The fact Ouija : Origin of Evil exists is minor marvel in and of itself considering how little is thought of the first film . The fact it 's good ? Potentially even great ? ... I do n't even know what to say .
The prequel of the 2014 film surpasses its predecessor , outstanding for itself thanks to the fair dose of the elements that compose it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We did n't think anything was going to get us excited about a sequel to 2014 's crushingly routine Blumhouse horror Ouija , but we did n't reckon on the addition of director Mike Flanagan and writer Jeff Howard .
This movie would be ideal for a Halloween night drive-in .
A sappy subplot involving teenage daughter Paulina and her prom date is just a cliché too far in a movie that makes rather too much of its references to The Exorcist , Poltergeist and Carrie .
Ouija : Origin of Evil is so brilliant for so long then sadly implodes .
Is it a great horror pic ? The Ouija board would likely point to `` no , '' but if asked if it 's a decent enough offering in the genre , it would easily slide over to the affirmative answer . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , etc. - Available -RRB-
You could be forgiven for completely writing off the movie . But do n't . In what ranks as one of the year 's happiest surprises , this is a terrific old-school fright flick that delivers both chills and substance .
Thanks to the efforts of its talented cast and crew , Ouija : Origin of Evil is more solid horror film than soulless franchise continuation .
-LSB- As a -RSB- horror fan who tolerated and then promptly forgot all about Ouija ' 14 , I found myself more than reasonably engaged by what Flanagan and company cooked up for this offbeat , soft-spoken , and subtly spooky prequel .
... filmmaker Mike Flanagan has infused the proceedings with an old-school feel that 's generally impossible to resist ...
This is what you came to see , and the numerous gruesome horrors are rendered in enjoyable fashion .
-LSB- Director Mike Flanagan -RSB- is n't trying to hit us with scare after cheap , predictable scare . He has a long game in mind ...
If you 're determined to head to the theater for a fright this Halloween , Origin of Evil will provide a scare or two . But you 'd be a lot better off watching one of the real classics at home .
You do n't have to ask a Ouija board about the quality of this failed attempt at horror . If you did , it would spell out S T I N K E R.
All attempts to make the film look like it was made shortly before The Exorcist - the non-period period clothing , the 1960s Universal logo - play as kitsch , not clever .
Against all odds this haunted-house horror/elaborate board game advert is n't a total bust .
This is a prequel superior to its predecessor - we 're not bored with board-game ghoulishness yet .
Proves that an artist with vision came make something out of the goofiest premise .
It builds up an effective , nape-prickling head of steam ...
The vintage feel , complete with old-fashioned titles , period visual style and even fake reel change marks , makes for a satisfying if bloodless shocker , a vast improvement on the first .
If you are looking to get in the Hallowe'en mood then Ouija : Origin Of Evil provides all the traditional thrills and spills of a scary movie .
Flanagan pays such close attention to period detail , including late - '60s style title cards and now-obsolete `` cigarette burn '' reel-change indicators , that it feels like a movie made in 1967 , which makes the shocks all the more nerve-rattling .
A movie that has good scares and is better than the previous film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With so much going on , it is little wonder that the film seems so sprawling and unfocused .
It 's unlikely to have you looking over your shoulder as you walk to your car on the way home , but it may well sell a few Ouija boards to teenagers intent on giving themselves a scare .
Ouija : Origin of Evil is an interesting exercise in watching filmmakers try to mint a franchise out of basically nothing .
Deliciously creepy , thanks largely to a terrific performance by the youngest of its stars .
So suspenseful and so skillful for so very long that even the disappointing finale ca n't ruin it .
Ouija : Origin of Evil is sadly derivative , totally stupid , routinely cheeseball and ultimately disappointing .
stands out thanks to the assured direction of Mike Flanagan and performances that sell the drama along with the dread
It is the necessities of making a PG-13 -LRB- and excessively formulaic -RRB- horror movie that constantly undercuts the movie 's intriguing ideas .
Like The Conjuring and the many immersive spook-house thrillers inspired by it , Origin of Evil demands and rewards attentiveness , inviting scrutiny of its frames , study of its negative space .
Raking up the past of a Ouija board that more recently menaced so many hapless teenagers may not seem like a particularly auspicious idea but the result here is surprisingly good .
Conjures shivers worthy of Halloween .
It 's all stuff we 've seen before , especially in Japanese ghost fare .
An inventive cross between a haunted-house mystery , a demonic-possession yarn , and a creepy murderous-child freak-out .
One of the biggest cinematic surprises of the year .
A well-crafted horror film with strong performances and a palpable sense of time and place .
An entertaining and creepy ghost story that just might scratch that seasonal itch .
Ouija : Origin of Evil pales in comparison to some studio-scale horror we 've seen this year , but for what it 's worth , it is an improvement on the 2014 Ouija movie .
The movie never envelops us or the characters in palpable paranoia or edge-of-your-seat suspense . A series of well-timed , PG-13-rated shocks compensates .
Not so much horrific as it is just skeletons-in-the-basement creepy , this is a shuddery fun surprise for horror fans , who by the way should stick around until the closing credits are done for a special -LRB- if inevitable -RRB- trick or treat .
It 's not simply a better film than `` Ouija , '' it 's now the only `` Ouija '' film worth remembering , erasing any need for the original feature .
It 's better in every department than 2014 's `` Ouija . '' In other words , think of it as `` The Godfather : Part II '' of fright flicks .
If you 're looking for some straight-up , mainline Halloween haunted-house `` gotchas , '' this date-night ride has a slow start , but builds to a wild , crazy , screaming finish .
With a serious horror director like Flanagan at the helm , Origin Of Evil is more thoughtful and more meticulously crafted than it needs to be .
You wait , hoping for a good , classic horror film . It begins to deliver , big . Then it disappoints a little . Then it comes back again , strong . Then it fails you again .
Ouija : Origin of Evil delivers one of the scariest sequences since The Exorcist .
They give away the whole movie in the trailer , but it still plays .
Ouija : Origin of Evil is one of the best horror sequels ever made , a film crafted with extreme care and precision .
In just about every conceivable way , classily orchestrated prequel `` Ouija : Original of Evil '' is a marked improvement over its predecessor , ratcheting up a number of expert chills even as the narrative rounds plenty of familiar bases .
Ouija : Origin of Evil is concerned just as much with the people at its center as it is with scaring the daylights out of us .
Both Reaser and Thomas provide unexpected depths to what could have been schematic roles , and the younger performers are even better .
Scares are still rudimentary , but rooted in a sharper script .
The attention to detail is impressive and the strong cast deliver on the emotional side of the story .
Witty , inventively rigged scares , alongside the cast 's solid performances , raise this one above the average cash-grab .
... an exercise in pedestrian storytelling with minimal tension ...
Origin of Evil does n't stretch the conventions of teen-appeal spookiness too far , but is solidly put together , mounted with a pleasant conviction and runs to several fine performances and some decent scares .
Assured and understated even when going through its familiar teen-horror motions , it 's the rare big-studio scary movie that does n't seem to have been made by a committee .
Compared to the first , it has a better sense of mood , expert shot placement and some actual jokes . You want to give it the benefit of the doubt ; you also respect it enough to be honest and say it does n't really work .
A huge improvement over the middling original ...
They really turned this ship around !
Equal parts horror masterclass and internal home-invasion thriller , Ouija is as chilling and nerve-racking as they come .
Ouija : Origin of Evil deconstructs and then reconstructs the tropes of the first film into a smarter , creepier blurring of fact and fakery .
Offers some easy scares and cheesy fun , but if nothing else , it gets points for not losing sight of its characters amidst those scares .
Ouija : Origin Of Evil would have been better than Ouija with even a quarter of the screams evoked , which makes the tremendous jump in quality quite refreshing despite derivative storytelling .
The film complements its goose-pimply frights with an unabashedly naked emotional gravitas .
Perhaps only the most lukewarm slumber party would truly need it . Yet if you were to ask whether Origin of Evil offers a better quality of timewasting than its predecessor , my finger would hover inexorably over YES .
The rare horror sequel made with considerably more wit , craft , and imagination than its predecessor , `` Ouija : Origin of Evil '' feels less like the continuation of a budding franchise than an apology for what went wrong the first time .
Top-notch jump-scares and some unexpectedly lovely autumnal photography .

@highlight

Ouija : Origin of Evil swerves its franchise 's planchette unexpectedly to YES with a surprisingly scary and dramatically satisfying follow-up to its lackluster predecessor .