The director , who admits to having killed a man on his own tour of duty , is painting a portrait of an utterly hopeless , chaotic and morally compromised scenario in which nobody wins .
For all its grim purposefulness Lebanon is aimless and adrift , its rigorous fidelity to its central gimmick -- and ultimately it is nothing more than this -- effacing any true contemplation of the experience , or the representation , of combat .
`` Lebanon '' is merely another commendable antiwar movie .
Lebanon is an absolutely stunning piece of work . Both incredibly powerful and completely captivating , it 's one of the best films I 've ever seen .
Though not as explicitly focused on memory as Waltz with Bashir , Lebanon 's style lends its own dredged-from-memory , expressionistic rawness .
It 's amazing how much tension can be built up in such a small space .
Una aproximación a la traumática crueldad de un conflicto bélico narrada exclusivamente desde el interior de un tanque de guerra . La experiencia es tensa , agobiante y angustiante , casi como la guerra misma .
Physical , visceral , intimate , and even sensual , Lebnaon , a highlight of Israeli cinema of the past decade , is a combat film like no other war film you have seen before
An impressive claustrophobic and frightful depiction of war 's insanity .
Blood , sweat and oil ... the only thing worse than the dark , hellish , odorous claustrophobia of the tank 's innards is the tunnel vision afforded by the gun-sight ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
It 's a strong film , complex in many ways , and seems to me to come from a genuinely stricken conscience . But in its formal probity , Lebanon turns into a moral dodge .
It works so strenuously to deliver its message that it threatens to short-circuit what otherwise could have been a gut-punch of a film .
While it captures the confusion and horror experienced by these young soldiers , what , after all , is it saying ? That war brutalises soldiers ? We know that .
This brilliant , explosive drama is every bit as terrifying , brutal and shocking as The Hurt Locker .
Rarely has a film so intensely conveyed the catastrophic shock to the system a first time on a battlefield must wield .
Watching Lebanon is more poignant armed with the knowledge that we 're witnessing Maoz 's own experiences as a young Israeli soldier during the war -- he 's the gunner of the story .
Lebanon certainly qualifies as one of the best films about modern warfare with its unflinching depiction of the trade-off between duty and humanity .
Powerfully shot from within the tank , this unflinching war drama is unforgettable .
An unforgettable piece of cinema ; a haunting experience that doubles as the document that - 24 years on - finally laid the filmmaker 's ghosts to rest .
Perhaps the most notable aspect of this film is that it 's a coproduction between Israel , Lebanon , Germany and France .
It 's a strong addition to the small number of anti-war , pro-peace Israeli films being produced at the moment .
Given the current global climate , this is an important film - a personal , powerful anti-war statement .
A daring concept and a meticulously crafted study of the psychology of conflict .
Inside a rattling tank , witness to the horrors of war
Works on a basic pressure-cooker level , but its greater messages are too broad to behold and too familiar to take full emotional stock in .
We can smell the sweat , urine and diesel fuel in Lebanon . We can taste the exhaust , the metallic tang of explosive fumes from a shell ejected from the cannon .
... a powerful , exhausting experience liable to perturb your dreams - it 's as much a horror movie as a war film , and it announces a remarkable talent .
Maoz concentrates the experience of war so completely that you almost smell the blood and motor oil on the tank walls .
Heightens the tension and camouflages its modest budget by restricting its action to the point of view of four soldiers crowded inside a tank ...
Samuel Maoz makes a stunning feature film debut with this war drama . The movie does n't shy away from describing atrocities and the horrors of war . The basic survival instinct kicks in and a `` kill or be killed '' mentality follows .
A modest but effective comment on the chaos , brutality and dehumanization of combat .
one of the most personal and universal war films in recent memory
Brutally real-feeling .
Although Lebanon is to be congratulated for its bold visual strategy and strong antiwar stance , the film becomes claustrophobic after a while . When one of the characters finally emerges from the tank , you may find yourself as relieved as he is .
It 's too bad Lebanon fails so badly in the human element , because without it you are left with a skillful exercise admirably executed but lacking in the qualities that make a film great .
There 's a bit too much of the tight close-up of sweat - and soot-stained faces trembling with emotion and doubt , but there 's no mistaking or escaping this movie 's powerful impact .
The film 's fresh craft promises more from a director who turns the tiniest possible of settings into a sobering metaphor for the madness of a larger world .
It is a modern war movie of unusual poetic-political resonance and a brilliant stroke of minimalist filmmaking .
This is war as hell on a small but incisive scale .
A filmmaking challenge that a cynic might dismiss as `` Das Tank '' if it did n't offer a scalding moral challenge in the bargain .
The Israeli Defense Forces , as depicted in the movie , seem a bunch of crybabies . Well , they have a hard time of it , encountering some of the more predictable of war 's horrors , ironies , and clichés .
Despite its more commercial last section , for much of its length , Lebanon is a biting , clanking ride through Hell .
The most intense war film since `` Das Boot . '' There are no winners in war .
It 's a film that takes you places you hopefully wo n't go in real life .
It is a grisly experience , and one of the greatest war films I have ever seen .
The limited perspective of the world outside , combined with the claustrophobic , clammy interior of the rumbling tank , immediately generate a tremendous tension , and the film wastes no time in ratcheting up the stress .
Not all films that attempt to govern their audiences so strictly , or so overtly advertise their own architectures of form and theme , have nearly the punch that Lebanon does .
Despite the film 's staginess and conventionality , Maoz does a powerful job capturing the countenances of his soldiers in resonating close-ups .
Along with the plot 's steady torment , a collection of elements reels the audience into the action to astonishing effect .
We watch with the claustrophobic tension of being confined to a tight , dark space and the uncomfortable knowledge that what and who we see through that viewfinder can be destroyed in a heartbeat with the pull of a trigger .
Samuel Maoz drew from his own war experiences to write and direct this searing drama , which ranks alongside Platoon and No Man 's Land as an antiwar statement and recalls the claustrophobic despair of Das Boot .
Boom . Rumble . Wow . As the men 's humanity and will are tested , the terror in their eyes and in the thunderous noise comes through loud and clear .
The 94 minutes of Lebanon are about as intense as an autobiographical war drama can be .
This is a platoon picture in a rumbling , rolling crate .
An emotionally powerful if somewhat divided experience .
A forcedly subjective movie that takes all the complexities and moral grayness of war , and reduces it to empty melodrama cloaked in air-quote artfulness .
It 's a nonheroic vision of warfare focusing on the claustrophobia , confusion , fear and other emotions experienced by four soldiers who are far from battle-hardened .
Samuel Maoz 's prize-winning film that removes all thoughts of glamour or glory from violent engagements . Think of it as the opposite of The Expendables .
It 's not subtle , its crosshairs POV somewhat unnatural , but the director 's point of view comes through loud and strong .
Lebanon is a different kind of motion picture , and a different kind of audience experience .
The mental damage that war causes is palpably shown by those called to place their lives on the line because one country opposes the religion of another .
If you think there 's nothing more for the movies to say about war 's madness , think again .
Very strong , one of the best I have seen this year .
A formalist wonder .
It 's not until the film 's final , striking shot that Maoz exits the tank , and his self-imposed constraints are an intriguing cinematic exercise .
In its creative audacity , the precision of its psychological portraiture and , above all , in its uncompromising moral seriousness , Lebanon accomplishes about as much as any war movie can .
Maoz 's Lebanon is inspired by the director 's traumatic days at the front , giving his work a sense of authority .
A literal and metaphorical tour de force about war through what a young tank crew can see and hear , it is a wrenching tribute to the travails of the universal soldier .
the sheer density of political , religious and philosophical allegories that Lebanon presents makes repeat viewings mandatory
A forceful , bruising experience that 's good at conveying shell-fire mercilessness , but dramatically less effective when dealing with the small stuff .
Lebanon supplies a series of horrifying episodes without pausing to interrogate their meaning .
You do n't feel like you 're watching Lebanon , you feel like you 're living it .
Delivers a more devastating blow by simply serving up troubling visual developments and allowing the characters to stew in the violence , summoning a powerful , sincere anti-war statement that makes for disturbing , essential cinema .
Disturbing , visceral , personal ...
As a piece of formalist filmmaking , this tense tour of duty displays a you-are-there verve neared only by the likes of the 1981 submarine drama , Das Boot .
That dogged determination to tell his story and to recreate the experience as closely as possible results in a film that is nearly tactile in its evocation of the violence and blind panic of war .
Not just the year 's most impressive first feature but also the strongest new movie of any kind I 've seen in 2010 .
Samuel Maoz 's portrait of four young Israelis manning a roving war machine on the first day of the 1982 Lebanon War is solely an experiential affair .
A gripping and powerful Israeli antiwar movie that vividly conveys how no war is ever over no matter when the troops withdraw .
A frightened Israeli tank crew blunders their way through the start of the first Lebanon War in one of the most terrifyingly sickening portraits of war ever filmed .
Limited by its claustrophobic set , ` Lebanon ' offers a new view on the old theme that war is hell .
... one of the best films of the year so far
Maoz knows his material . He fought for Israel in the campaign and his evocations of the confusion and claustrophobia of conflict are grimly plausible .
The least that can be said for Maoz 's film is that it is a tour de force that forcefully expresses what war is like for ordinary grunts who do n't want to do anything but get home as quickly as possible .
It may feel somewhat over-constructed , but it 's a gripping , harrowing ride .
Forget heroics , forget glory -- this is war as fear and stench and panic .
Maoz tells his story with economy and focus , creating a sweatily convincing account of the personal hell he found on the front line of modern warfare .
It 's cinema from the heart , without doubt , but follows in some very well-worn war-movie footprints .
This is essentially Das Boot in a tank , with four frightened , under-prepared Israeli soldiers reluctantly involved in the 1982 invasion of Lebanon .
Like Das Boot , only on caterpillar tracks , it 's tense and claustrophobic , with the soldiers not gung-ho beefcakes but scared and doubtful young men who 'd rather be anywhere else .
Maoz has taken the most important event of his life and coupled it with a great idea only to make a film that , although sincerely felt , is both underwhelming and disingenuous .
An intense and compelling film .
Lebanon is a film of randomly emerging episodes , some more successful than others .
It challenges and combats the cinematic tradition that presents war as entertainment , or even as redemptive drama .
This is war , up close and personal , and the sheer terror of the hapless young men who inhabit the tin-can killing machine is palpable .
Without political preaching or providing traditional social commentary , Maoz has crafted a rare human drama , one that gives real insights into the horror of war . An uncomfortable ride ... but one worth every penny .
The bickering dialogue rings true and Maoz creates a suitably claustrophobic atmosphere within the tank that works well , even if the story tries to pack in a little too much .
Lebanon is not earth-shatteringly original , it 's heavy-handed in places , and a little clichéd , but it feels authentic : grimy , stinky , delirious and chaotic . It works .
The relationships between the characters are perfectly conceived , performed , and captured .
click to read full review
In atmospheric terms the film does its job almost ruinously well .
This film is a significant anti-war statement , and one that deserves your time and attention .


@highlight

A powerful and personal account of war on the front line , writer-director Samuel Maoz takes the viewer inside an Israeli tank to deliver an exhausting , original film .