Not to drown out the sizeable praise this got from Locarno audiences with pedantic political correctness , but there comes a point when the tastelessness from one 's production methods overwhelms any goodwill one 's film might otherwise have earned .
The film , weighing in at more than 100 minutes , often feels like watching grass grow because , despite the complexity of the underlying conflict , romantic love in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds ...
Writer-director Louise Archambault uses a free and easy camera style and mosaic-like editing to suggest how intensely Gabrielle responds to elements of everyday life .
Casting Marion-Rivard in the title role was a risk that paid off , giving the film its authenticity , also its imperfections , which are easy enough to live with .
If `` Gabrielle '' is a likable crowd-pleaser , it would be much better without the extra dollop of organic honey .
Frequently charming .
Archambault has a rare light in Marion-Rivard , whose wide smile is infectious : When she sulks , it feels like the whole world is tumbling down .
Writer-director Louise Archambault 's neatly affirmative denouement is at odds with the more uncertain reality occurring at the edges of the film 's drama .
The film drags when some scenes run long . Its sentiment is appealing , though , and its sincerity does n't cloy .
Touching heart string-puller about a mentally challenged young woman ... a sincere , thoughtful rendering of that old maxim about setting free the things you love .
Archambault tackles potentially uncomfortable subject matter with both empathy and frankness .
As a thought-provoking valentine to tolerance , acceptance and the yearning for love , Gabrielle wears its heart comfortably , and proudly , on its sleeve .
Music is the emotive backdrop on which this moving portrait of a disabled woman eager to explore the boundaries of her capabilities and sexual desires is set .
Take away the novelty of having an actual mentally disabled actress in the lead role and this is strictly a French-Canadian Lifetime Original Movie
Archambault 's handling of Gabrielle and Martin 's sexuality is one of the pic 's strong suits , presenting their desire with a refreshing , straightforward honesty .
An occasionally blunt but well-acted love story .
It is n't entirely free of sugar , and by the end loses sight of the qualities that initially made it so engaging .
An emotionally raw yet uplifting drama about a mentally challenged woman -LRB- Gabrielle Marion-Rivard -RRB- struggling with first-time romance and a desire to be independent .
Gabrielle , the character and the performer , is someone to root for .
Instead of a message movie , Gabrielle is a romance and an unusual kind of musical that seamlessly integrates special needs actors with the other cast members .
... an endearing and engaging little drama that benefits substantially from Marion-Rivard 's captivating turn as the central character .
Archambault 's frequent use of music - everything from choral to classical to electropop to samba - helps maintain energy and positive vibes in a film that could easily turn maudlin or didactic .
The film does n't shy away from the challenges of living with disability , but it also refuses to allow such struggles to run their course .
On the surface , it 's a simple love story : girl meets boy , girl likes boy , girl kisses boy . But Louise Archambault 's Gabrielle is much more ... a deeply affecting tale of difference , dignity and the healing power of song .

@highlight

Bolstered by strong , natural performances , Gabrielle 's sincere look at differently abled young adults nimbly walks the line between sweet and cloying .