Suffers from a ceaselessly roving camera and overuse of shaky handhelds , as well as even less successful editing tropes , and some very fake-looking blood .
Arbitrarily arranged and awfully acted ... proof positive that well-meaning creative wishes and savvy , low-fi merging of production means and narrative concept does n't automatically produce heady results .
A harrowing but ultimately empty indie political thriller about Muslim terrorists .
Cavite ... will probably be cited in years to come as a classic example of the post-9 / 11 action thriller
... there 's ... a certain unseemliness to the endeavor that is difficult to dismiss .
Its herky-jerky camcorder style , jump-cut editing and sustained takes soon wear out their welcome .
... cunning meditation on the birthing grounds of religious extremism ...
The budget for this film is one of those miniscule amounts when compared to a studio film , which just goes to show it 's not how much you spend to make a movie , but what you put into it .
Cavite will go down in history as a classic of no-budget filmmaking , making such ingenious use of bare resources that it 's a wonder the movie is an effective , even thoughtful thriller .
A thrilling and scary ride through the side streets of a third world that is rarely seen in the movies , and carries a revolutionary message that is frightening in its political implications .
Despite the shaky camera work , it 's good to be reminded what talent and dedication can do in 10 days with less than $ 7,000 .
Gamazon is a capable actor for this hard tour . He and Dela Llana filmed with the kind of brave hustle and bustle that plows vividly through glib touches , repetition , razzle effects and shocks that whomp us hard .
This is by no means a polished film . But it has an energy lacking in thrillers that cost hundreds times more to make .
The film maintains an impressive narrative momentum throughout , but its documentary details make the biggest impression .
a fresh bid for indie-thriller cred ... -LSB- but -RSB- watching Gamazon and Dela Llana charge through their limitations is a bit like watching a sprinter run in clogs .
The film is a tender , unflinching look at the brutal conditions of life in the Philippines , its sympathy for its accidental subjects intertwined with a flexible , on-the-fly mode of filmmaking .
Though the film seldom deviates from its thriller format , Gamazon and Dela Llana astutely weave in matters of political , cultural and religious importance , elevating Cavite well above mere genre .
The directing duo brilliantly stretch the limits of their very low budget to moving aesthetic and dramatic effect .
One of those blistering no-budget thrillers , like Open Water or Detour , in which the film 's economy of means is the trigger for its ingenuity .
A microbudget exercise in sensory overload that leaves you sick on all sorts of levels .
Gamazon and Dela Llana have accomplished a neat trick : delivering a piece of terrific entertainment while opening a window on bigger issues and a rarely seen culture .
It 's easy to envision the big-budget remake , but hard to imagine a mainstream American production capturing the original 's sour , sweaty immediacy .
Enhanced by the you-are-there immediacy of a hand-held digital camera , Cavite works up a visceral potency that overleaps the credibility gaps in the omniscient-terrorist device .
A last act full of reversals would have filled in the holes in Cavite .
The hand-held camera work gives the film an effective documentary pulse , but it adds up to only half a movie .
It 's amazing what you can do with almost no money nowadays .
Alarming and unrelenting
Cavite was shot on a microbudget , and that turns out to be a plus . After so many overproduced blockbusters this season , it 's nice to see a movie that 's lean and mean .
Terrorism and cultural identity are only two of the themes wound into a tight knot of fear and bewilderment in Cavite , a gripping no-budget political thriller .
It might have worked if co-director/star Gamazon had taken an acting class , or if the kidnapper did n't sound like a villainous GPS navigating device .
A paragon of guerrilla resourcefulness and a model citizen of the global village , Cavite is a more anxious and vivid experience than most movies with budgets literally a thousand times bigger .
A thrilling get-acquainted tour of a side of the Philippines most never see .
Shows how a movie with no budget can still thrill .
For a guerrilla-style , no-budget Yank indie to even tackle issues of jihad terror and naive Western thinking is noteworthy in itself , but Gamazon and Dela Llana inflame the issues with a gutsy , athletic filmmaking package .
Story of a young Filipino-American who returns to the Philippines and becomes the pawn of Muslim terrorist with a malevolent plan for him to execute .
The film suggests Jennifer Connelly 's snorri-cam puke scene from Requiem for a Dream stretched out to 80 minutes .
An overlong and slightly pretentious indie effort .
Guerilla filmmaking at its finest .
Cavite is a thoughtful and skillfully developed story and a true Independent film . If you have a chance to see it , do .
It 's fast-paced and grittily entertaining , but never in that safe and generic way that most Hollywood thrillers shoot for .

@highlight

A gritty , low-budget thriller , Cavite takes us on a heart-pounding ride through the seedy Filipino underworld .