A film to chill the spine and haunt the mind , Nicolas Pesce has achieved cinematic glory .
A slasher picture with no attempts at irony .
It is an extremely moving film , and brutally exposes the damage we as people can easily inflict upon one another .
This debut from Nicolas Pesce is tense and creepy , but also mannered and , ultimately , little more than pompous torture porn : a film for fans of horrible things being done to humans in artful close-up .
The running time - or lack thereof - is a problem , but this otherwise perfectly ghoulish exercise marks Nicolas Pesce and his crew as talents to keep track of .
Deeply disturbing , and with just enough visual tantalisations to boast the director 's skill , The Eyes of My Mother is a film that only few could enjoy , or at very least stomach .
Watching Nicolas Pesce 's insipid The Eyes of My Mother , it 's clear that some directors should make sure they 've mastered the basics before they try to do something new within the genre .
This poised feature debut from Nicolas Pesce announces a director who blends arthouse with horror to unnerving , elegant effect .
This teasingly elliptical melodrama is more a psychological study of loneliness and the need for love than it is a generic shocker .
Nicolas Pesce 's film opens with an air of originality and deep disquiet and beautifully framed black-and-white photography ... Unfortunately , in the second half it descends into ... gratuitous torture porn .
Does n't hang together in entirely satisfying ways , but its odd camera angles , minimal dialogue and gory compositions do build towards a chilly exploration of the detrimental effects of isolationism that feels strangely timely .
With The Eyes of My Mother , Pesce explores the nature of human instinct and arrested development in a way that is uncomfortable to watch yet immersive just the same .
An austere , redolent debut feature which slightly stirs and disturbs at times but , at a slender seventy six minutes , it is still often shockingly monotonous .
Immaculately poised but almost completely pointless , it moves from chin-strokingly pretentious to profoundly depressing .
A poised and meticulously controlled slice of American gothic that blends together a slew of influences from Hitchcock to Haneke via David Lynch and The Night of the Hunter .
The Eyes of My Mother is perhaps most haunting when it points out how simple it would be to skew a child 's moral compass , or how ridiculous the idea of closure is in terms of a horror film .
More arthouse than horror ...
As this generation 's version of Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho , the movie provides something I 've seen on few occasions in cinema .
I suppose that fans of horror films might like this , but I sure could not see any point to it .
A homage intent on weaving its influences into its mesmerising and melancholy brand of horror brooding .
In his directing and writing debut , Nicolas Pesce strikes a grim balance between disgust and sympathy and takes his premise to its inexorable conclusion .
The nicest thing I can say about The Eyes of My Mother is that it 's only 77 minutes long . Anything longer would have been even more punishing . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
The Eyes of My Mother is a riveting , repugnant work of repellent art , Pesce crafting a gracefully unnerving calling card sure to be debated and discussed for some time to come .
A film with beautiful aesthetics , although it tells a terrible story with a disconcerting naturalness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Seriously effed up .
It is a stark , dreadful vision - but one that is fascinatingly executed , with a compelling central performance from Kika Magalhaes as a matter-of-fact monster .
Chilling and disturbing , this is not a film for the faint-hearted .
Nicolas Pesce 's feature debut takes a rural horror story and executes it in an intellectualized , austere fashion . You can appreciate exactly how well-made it is even as the dread piles on top of you like a blanket .
Writer-director Nicolas Pesce 's debut feels unnervingly like a Diane Arbus photo that 's been stretched into a film . Which is to say , it 's unnerving .
-LSB- Pesce -RSB- creates some extreme beauty out of ugliness , and he builds amazing tension out of quiet moments and simple movement .
Designed to trigger a strong emotional response , and nobody can rightfully deny that it does so .
Without the benefit or overabundance of gore , the filmmaker has crafted one of the most disturbingly frightening horror films of the year .
While the deliberately paced film subverts genre expectations with some stylish visual flourishes , any deeper meaning behind the nonchalant gore and the psychological effects on its protagonist remains muddled .
The Eyes of My Mother burrows into your psyche and takes you to a dark place you did n't know existed .
This is what curdled Americana looks like - a Joel-Peter Witkin portfolio come to life and a vision of jus ' folks weaned on isolation , madness , and good old Type O .
The Eyes of My Mother is effective and unsettling , and as a first movie from Pesce , promises much more in the future .
Pesce 's debut marks a highly specific world view that seems to have come from a very personal place but the filmmaker 's quietly creepy aesthetic is far more interesting than anything he has to say .
The Eyes Of My Mother is melancholy and poetic , a picture of loneliness , its suffocated passions escaping only in the thundering vocals that accompany the closing credits .
Never has a 76-minute movie seemed so slow . And rarely has a promising young director seemed so compromised by a dull , smug script .
Pesce undeniably has a vision and a mastery very much his own .
Gruesome and macabre , but it 's also powerful work , following through on a vision for psychosis with welcome brevity and a weirdly compelling , periodically loathsome fondness for the unpleasant .
The central point , if there is one -LRB- and that 's a big ` if ' -RRB- , appears to be the distancing approach Pesce takes to this twisted story .
Pesce and I obviously do n't agree on what constitutes effective -LRB- or maybe just productive -RRB- ambiguity . It 's not a bad film ... it just is n't all there .
Put aside the photography and Eyes of My Mother is little more than the caboose on the torture-porn train , with Psycho-esque Freudian pretensions .
Ms. Magalhaes , a former dancer , uses her expressive eyes and graceful limbs to bring the intimacy and sensuality of her actions to vivid life .
The Eyes of My Mother regards atmosphere and dread both as its engine and its endgame .
The Eyes of My Mother is the rare -LSB- horror -RSB- entry to give depth to its destructive force , to force those new eyes onto us and make us truly believe the terror of what we see .
The Eyes of My Mother unnerves by tapping into the primordial and it sticks in the psyche long after the final frame .
At once briskly and deliberately paced , sustaining a precise narrative clarity even as it seems to flow with the logic of a nightmare , `` The Eyes of My Mother '' confounds expectations and defies easy categorization .
Shot in black-and-white video , the 76-minute horror film benefits from crisp , striking visuals that are well framed and moodily lit . But that 's about all this absurd , illogical and underwhelming thriller has going for it .
The film benefits from Zach Kuperstein 's moody black-and-white cinematography and the stark compositions , but the unrelenting ugliness and senselessness of the piece negate its occasional touches of minimalist beauty .
Lee really hits just a single note in this movie , but he hits it harder and longer and to more effect than many other directors could have done : the movie 's rough edges and angularities make it snag in your mind .
Pesce 's beautifully photographed but aggressively unpleasant art-house horror film will no doubt have its champions , but it wo n't find one here .
If Ingmar Bergman had helmed The Texas Chain Saw Massacre , it might look something like this exquisite nightmare .
The movie 's visual style is as haunting as its narrative .
The Eyes of My Mother is haunting , beautiful , sad , and touching all at the same time .
Certainly , it stands out among a crowded horror marketplace , and is one of the most unusual horror films I 've seen in a while . It is also sometimes very hard to watch .
There 's more than a hint of the classic , doom-haunted The Night of the Hunter to the proceedings , but The Eyes of My Mother has its own soft , insinuatingly creepy voice .
The kind of horror movie that makes you grateful they shot it in black and white
A movie about isolated moments , not the big picture , that never quite comes together . But what moments - moments that will haunt your dreams , no matter where they came from .
Fusing classic horror ingredients with haunting gothic imagery and expressionistic dread , The Eyes of My Mother mashes its gorgeous components into a shockingly original tone poem .
A sick , simmering nightmare of a movie .
Kika Magalhaes lends a vampiric presence to the central role , ready to suck her victims into a life of servitude inhabited only by nightmares . Indeed , this chilling film may just occupy yours .
A grizzly tale of American Gothic served up with an unexpected dash of moodily melodic Portuguese fado , The Eyes of My Mother is both strange and strangely enthralling .
I 've been watching horror films since I was three years old . They 've never given me nightmares . Until now .
Not for the squeamish and even those with strong stomachs may find themselves getting bored at times .
The movie , for all its physicality , shrivels up at the slightest touch of logic . All of which , to be fair , is likely to lure rather than to repel any Poe-steeped addicts of horror ...
Though the film strives to be audacious and galvanizing , it 's easily shaken off as an exercise in stunted necrophilia erotica .
It already feels , unwittingly , like a timely expression of backwardness straight from the heartland , tinged with revenge , sex and saintly suffering . If you can stomach the fear , go . Confident hands created this film . Its nightmare lingers for weeks .
A puerile film laden with gruesome imagery but lacking in tension , character or a connecting purpose .
` The Eyes of My Mother ' just might be the gloomiest horror movie ever made .
The grizzly Gothic tale is a unique shocker in grimness , that 's effective because of its strangeness , being so well-executed and so superbly acted .
This emphatically grim art house horror film offers hypnotic visuals but lacks a clear vision of its central character .
Pesce 's colourless presentation and elliptical editing offer a blinkered perspective on events which replicates both the protagonist 's ocular obsessions and the mutual incomprehension of Francisca and those she encounters .
A hauntingly provocative slice of Gothic cinema that sticks with you long after it ends , the film brims with a palpable sense of dread and unease from start to finish .
The deliberate pacing will put some viewers off -LRB- even though it 's less than 80 minutes -RRB- , and some may complain that it 's a little hollow , but as a cinematic experience , this is truly impressive , and it will stay with you .
The Eyes Of My Mother is a haunting take on being raised around violence and rings a bit louder due to recent current events .
The overwhelming feeling , throughout Nicolas Pesce 's gripping horror drama , is of unsteadiness and dread - you may not know exactly what 's happening , but you do know it 's nothing good .
If you stick with it and navigate its deliberate pace , you 'll be profoundly affected and moved .
Pesce gave us a bad dream . I wanted to wake up the entire time .
Nicolas Pesce 's impressive , highly original horror fable is the stuff of very beautiful nightmares .
The film runs a lean 77 minutes but there is enough material for months of nightmares .
From its black-and-white presentation to its minimalist construction the film cries out arthouse , but there 's a sense it 's trying way too hard .
The Eyes of My Mother is a beautiful nightmare from start to finish
`` The Eyes of My Mother '' is a must-see . It 's intense as hell , and a supreme example of how the morally repugnant can be made to look weirdly beautiful .

@highlight

The Eyes of My Mother uses a shocking trauma to fuel a hauntingly hypnotic odyssey whose nightmarish chill lingers long after the closing credits .