Mr. Kubrick is a bold man : he has taken a whole complex of America 's basic assumptions by the shoulders and given them a rough shaking .
Take away the arch tone and deadpan ridiculousness , and the scenario is all too real .
Fifty-two years on , the movie is still more hip than most of what American filmmakers - Hollywood or indie - can muster .
The pre-eminent satire of cold-war paranoia , Dr. Strangelove is a hilarious and harrowing fable of systemised madness .
Dr. Strangelove does what so few comedies do today : it challenges us , provokes us , unsettles us while also making us laugh .
Even the ending of the Cold War could n't dilute this uncompromising satire 's immediacy , not so long as men continue to think with their missiles instead of their minds .
` Dr. Strangelove ' may have worked as a serious thriller , but Kubrick knew better .
A slick satire of the cold war , and one that succeeds in brilliantly lampooning the hands that guide the world .
... a decidedly underwhelming entry within Kubrick 's increasingly spotty body of work ...
Of the many films considered great satire , only Dr. Strangelove holds up as a masterpiece with none of its bite removed .
By a whopping margin , this is Kubrick 's most radical film and greatest dramatic gamble .
The blackest black comedy ever made by a major Hollywood studio , and one of the funniest handful of films made in English .
Because of its uncanny insight and frighteningly prescient satirical edge , Dr. Strangelove is a document of its time and also timeless . It held onto its relevancy by being bitter , cynical , and thinking absolutely the worst of people .
One of the best , and funniest , screenplays ever written ...
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Dr. Strangelove '' pokes fun at the idea of `` mutually assured annihilation '' and the dubious concept of `` nuclear deterrents . ''
Dr Strangelove is one of Stanley Kubrick 's many masterpieces , one of the greatest films about the Cold War and one of the greatest comedies ever made .
Black comedy Kubrick classic for smart teens + .
It 's easily one of the director 's best films of his somewhat controversial career .
... like a morbidly sick Looney Tunes short with its cartoon heroes struggling impotently to keep hold of a hot potato .
Dr. Strangelove 's status as the movie that confirmed both Stanley Kubrick 's reputation and the arrival of beat-sick irreverence can no longer be retracted .
Kubrick nos presenteia com uma pérola de humor negro que critica acidamente as guerras e a mediocridade dos homens por trás destas .
The funniest film ever made about nuclear holocaust ...
-LSB- A -RSB- supremely ironic comedy on the possibility of nuclear annihilation .
Like most of his work , Stanley Kubrick 's deadly black satirical comedy-thriller on cold war madness and its possible effects -LRB- 1964 -RRB- has aged well .
The whole thing is a bit too contemptuous of our defense system for my comfort and taste , wrote NY Times critic Crowther , showing that Kubrick 's dark satire was so ahead of its time that critics did n't know what to make of it .
It 's as startling today as it was then . Catch it now before it becomes too relevant to be funny again .
` Purity of essence ' ... . Superbly crafted satire that 's neocon fresh to this day .
Perhaps Kubrick 's most perfectly realised film , simply because his cynical vision of the progress of technology and human stupidity is wedded with comedy .
Sound funny ? It is .
Endures as one of the finest political satires .
It still features Peter Sellers ' finest three performances as well as proving that the supposedly humourless Kubrick was up for a laugh .
This landmark movie 's madcap humor and terrifying suspense remain undiminished by time .
Stanley Kubrick 's blackest of black comedies .
Stanley Kubrick 's 40-year-old satirical polital-comedy about the end of the world is especially disturbing as one ponders world events at present .
The paradigm of all end-of-the-world political thrillers and a part of the American vernacular .
Is Dr. Strangelove Kubrick 's best movie ? Along with Paths of Glory , absolutely .
Kubrick 's great 1964 tragicomedy about superpowers on the nuclear brink continues to fascinate new generations of moviegoers , as its frequent reissues attest .
Stanley Kubrick 's first genuinely original movie has been seen , reseen , dissected , and iconized , but a few sly truths about it have yet to be fully grokked .
A masterpiece of satire , paranoia and straight comedy . One of the all-time classics with a great cast and many memorable moments . Sellers is magnificent .
If there never were another satire of war , you 'd think this one would have single-handedly stopped the whole mad business .
The ultimate put-down of Cold War warriors and Pentagon paranoiacs ...
Frightening , hilarious -- and indelible .
Masterful and highly original
... still shocking in its giggly nihilism .
Masterpiece
Easily classifiable as one of the top ten films of all time .
Hysterically funny cold war satire . Peter Sellers ' triple role is the crowning touch . One of Kubrick 's greatest films .
The shameful , criminal wrongs depicted in this document from the past are with us today .
An absolutely hilarious and brilliant satire in which Kubrick 's assured and precise direction serves , for once , to make an incredibly entertaing film as well as a smart one .
The final word on the Cold War ... the defining text on a subject so overwhelmingly horrible that all you can do is laugh .
Stanley Kubrick 's best film . A perfect satire .
One of the greatest films ever made .
A fantastically satirical picture with many chuckles and a goodly amount of suspense .
A Duck Soup for the Cold War era .
Kubrick 's comic gem sparkles with enduring relevance .
The most shattering sick joke I 've ever come across .
The film is always saying something , and a viewer would have to be deaf and blind not to recognize the targets of the sarcasm .
Dr. Strangelove -LRB- 1964 -RRB- is filled with great comic performances .
This is one of the greatest political satires , if not the greatest ever made . A not to be missed film .
Dr. Strangelove is one of the most hilarious and desperate satires in the history of cinema .
This movie is as funny as it 's title .
The film is a model of barely controlled hysteria in which the absurdity of hypermasculine Cold War posturing becomes devastatingly funny -- and at the same time nightmarishly frightening in its accuracy .
Dr. Strangelove , Or : How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb -LRB- 1964 -RRB- is producer/director Stanley Kubrick 's brilliant , satirical , provocative black comedy/fantasy
A moment of pure dark cynicism unequalled in the history of cinema .
It 's one of the greatest - and undoubtably the most hilarious - antiwar statements ever put to film . See it before the world ends .
It remains that Dr. Strangelove is an extremely funny movie today .
Definitely a hilarious movie , taking shots at anything and everything in its sight .
Not only is the movie wickedly funny , it 's a subversive anti-war film that shows just how easily a conflict could erupt and the end of the world be brought about .
... the best black comedy ever produced for the screen .








@highlight

Stanley Kubrick 's brilliant Cold War satire remains as funny and razor-sharp today as it was in 1964 .