suffice to say Sleeping Dogs is a comedy of rather questionable taste .
Do n't be put off by its offbeat credentials , because this is a warm-hearted and hilarious dissection of relationships , and how honesty is n't necessarily always the best policy .
Leaves us with the less than satisfying disturbing message it 's best to let sleeping dogs lie .
Anchored , and essentially redeemed , by a fearless performance from Melinda Page Hamilton .
... ultimately an emotionally affecting and thoroughly accomplished piece of work ...
Bobcat Goldthwait has produced a flm that understands something about the gulf between what men claim they want from women , and the way they behave when we give it to them .
I liked the film but thought the bestiality theme held it back . A lot of people wo n't want to see the movie .
An evenly paced , gently acted and subdued black comedy with a subversive moral at its heart .
Had me howling with laughter .
Hamilton is wonderful as the bruised victim of an oedipal insanity for truth .
This low-budget comedy-drama may not have the glossiest of coats , but nor is it the dog you might be expecting .
Despite its vomit-inducing revelation , this is a surprisingly sweet romcom with a strong comic performance by Hamilton and some thought-provoking things to say about relationships .
A bestiality rom-com with unexpected charm . Not quite the dog 's bollocks , but certainly no dog 's dinner either .
Despite being thin on laughs and light on conventional romance , Sleeping Dogs manages to be both warm and witty .
You can rely on Goldthwaite to demolish sentimental notions with the power of a force ten gale , but clumsy filmmaking seriously hampers his idea 's own effectiveness , resulting in a rather plodding black comedy .
There 's an ingratiatingly quirky spirit which keeps bubbling up in Sleeping Dogs Lie and merrily propels it along
I ca n't think of another film that so directly and actively tackles the question of the actual value of honesty .
This shabbily shot comedy about the limits of being truthful is essentially a one-joke premise that spirals into an uncomfortable series of situations .
Plays into an almost primal fear that there 's something so awful in your past that if you spill the beans the other person will split -- no matter how much he or she professes that nothing you could say would ever have that effect .
It 's not like Amy was a serial canine abuser , for crying out loud . Had she been , the movie would be much more disgusting but also a lot more interesting and potentially more funny .
A large part of the movie 's appeal is Page 's ability to make both the entire story believable and her character entirely sympathetic , while Goldthwait muses on the price of absolute honesty with your mate .
Improbably , the movie manages to regroup after its outrageous opening and turn into an unpredictable , almost sweet , romantic comedy about the limits of candour .
A warm , mature , thought-provoking film that is , at times , surreal , often hilarious and ultimately very touching . Nice one , Bobcat .
An inexplicable sleeper hit on the festival circuit , this one-joke movie 's bestiality premise is all you 'll remember after the credits roll .
Wafer-thin -- it has about as much depth as your average sitcom -- Sleeping Dogs Lie mixes standard dysfunctional family comedy with sappy romantic moments , albeit none too successfully .
Sleeping Dogs Lie is worse than offensive , it 's boring , and these busy days that 's really unforgivable .
Sleeping Dogs Lie does collar big laughs for anyone who is n't skeeved out by the whole idea .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Goldthwait explores his themes more thoughtfully than you 'd expect , but ultimately , we know just how things will end . And what 's subversive about that ?
Not a great film but a darn interesting one , Sleeping Dogs Lie is also probably the most discreet of this season 's outrageous sex movies .
There 's no way around it , but the movie 's modest success is undercut by its micro budget and Goldthwait 's pedestrian direction .
There are no laughs to be had here , unless you count nervous titters and frat-boy sniggers at the very thought of , you know .
Possesses a quick wit and an endearing tenderness toward Amy as honesty wrecks her life . It 's sweet , doggone it .
There really is n't much of a premise in this flat romantic sex comedy which tends to lose its way as it goes along .
Goldthwait -- his motives always suspect -- has made a very watchable movie out of a very strange subject .
The uncomfortable message sent by Bobcat Goldthwait 's lean , subversive comedy Sleeping Dogs Lie is how easy it is to gross out people who think they 're so swinging and cool .
Rather than the escalating gross-out spectacular it could have been , Sleeping Dogs Lie is an unexpectedly thoughtful look at what it takes to make relationships work .
Amy 's sin never for a second rings true , and eventually grows tiresome .
stays on the periphery of the issues and never attempts to really plunge into the psychosis of these situations
It 's a wonderful premise , but -- perhaps due to the shoestring budget -- the execution is terrible : visually ugly , with inadequate sound recording/mixing , and performances that rarely seem well coordinated .
A scrappily funny and observant takeoff on the secrets that complete even the `` normal '' among us .
-LSB- Goldthwait -RSB- handles it beautifully , crafting from such rough stuff something astoundingly sweet and sharply funny about forgiveness , unconditional love , tenderness , and the things we hide just to get ourselves from one day to the next .
But being neither fish or fowl , the thing just does n't work .
The jet-black comedy has a surprising sweetness that counter-balances the profoundly disgusting plot .
The story of a woman who confides in her fiancé that she once gave her dog a blow job , Dogs had the potential to be a raunchfest , but Goldthwait 's take is much more affecting .
Sleeping Dogs Lie pulls off the not-inconsiderable feat of tackling one of cinema 's last taboo frontiers -- bestiality -- with sincere sweetness .
We can hear the French barking `` auteur '' already ... Beneath the profanely preposterous premise , Stay is a rather sweet and conventional love story that perambulates around the notions of trust and acceptance .
John Waters Meets `` Sleepless in Seattle '' in this sweet , at-times `` tasteless '' comic concoction about romance , reputation , the need to confess , and the yearning of society to pigeonhole everyone with a one-dimensional label .
Toys with the notion that keeping mum is often best policy , but the movie 's ugly photography threatens to sink the story .
The premise alone is more interesting than 90 percent of what comes out of Hollywood .
The final line of the film is far wiser than the person who first discovered that ` honesty ' and ` policy ' rhymed . It 's too bad it 's an afterthought instead of an exclamation point .
Stay mostly lacks cinematic vision , as the direction utilizes similar set-ups found in any primetime sitcom , which discourages any room for comment . With that said , however , Stay is a nice little film that marks a big step-up for Goldthwait .
-LSB- The film -RSB- far exceeds the limits of how far a one-joke comedy can be extended .

@highlight

Though Sleeping Dogs Lie treats its subject and characters humanely , it 's unable to overcome the low-budget production and Bobcat Goldthwait 's pedestrian directing .