Offensive ? Yes , but I have n't laughed this hard since the Marx Brothers and Laurel and Hardy .
For better or for worse , Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is unique , an important movie , a multiplex comedy that doubles as a conceptual art epic .
Borat ... is a not only a very good comedy but is also an interesting sociological experiment as to how numerous individuals in the USA would respond to a man such as Borat , and often the reactions are interesting and vastly entertaining .
Frequently uproarious and occasionally side-splitting -- but it 's very hit-or-miss , prone to stretches of unnecessary crudeness and flat one-liners .
Often functions hilariously as an exposé of squirming American tolerance shading into condescension toward the rest of the world
Borat is the rare comedy that operates without a safety net . Cohen and director Larry Charles ' film provides constant laughter and surprises while daring the viewer to be rightfully offended .
Although I knew it was dishonest , cynical , and the ultimate in cheap-shot humor , I laughed more at Borat than at any other film this year . So I guess the joke is on me .
Borat 's cultural learning is revealing , even if it does n't adequately convey how it benefits glorious nation of Kazakhstan .
Borat is the funniest film imaginable right now .
The most impressive ingredient is Cohen , whose inflection and timing are dead-on as he negotiates a vague accent , a native language composed of gibberish and a sprinkling of Polish , and a way of making tired American jokes funny again .
America , you got punk 'd and the result is horrifying . Borat paints a picture of the American landscape that would induce nightmares were you not laughing so hard .
The backlash just proves how deep a nerve the faux Kazakh journalist has hit .
A rude punk-rock snapshot of an America that quails at two men kissing but cheers the notion of George W. Bush drinking the blood of ` every man , woman and child in Iraq . '
By the end , you 're eager to wrap things up . Along the way , though , Borat is a helluva ride .
Like great theatre , Borat holds up a mirror to its obliviously intolerant audience ... that serves as a shocking , but entertaining wake-up call .
Borat may be marked as a clownish , regressive foreigner , but as often as not in America he seems right at home .
There is little that is subtle about the Borat film - it 's a `` make sex on your face '' kind of experience , an onslaught of Jew , Gay , `` foreign '' , Baptist and Texan jokes . It 's also very , very funny .
The genius of Borat is all in Sacha Baron Cohen 's daring , edgy , unrestrained performance .
Not as good as the HBO show . Dumbed down by Larry Charles ?
Uma comédia não apenas engraçadíssima -LRB- algo cada vez mais raro -RRB- , mas também inteligente e repleta de observações importantes sobre a Sociedade norte-americana contemporânea .
... contrary to what the cynical profess , it is possible to cheat an honest man . It 's certainly easier to fool the naive and the innocent than your average wised-up consumer of pop culture .
En se donnant lui-même carte blanche , Cohen conféra une étonnante crédibilité à un personnage qui , en soi , n'en a absolument aucune .
Un falso documental bastante transgresor e irregular que desafía lo políticamente correcto . Su mayor logro es desnudar la hipocresía , el racismo y la xenofobia del estadounidense promedio .
Spasmodically funny .
To my mind , BORAT may have worked better on the small screen and in smaller amounts . At only 82 minutes , the movie felt padded out and it began to peter out .
It 's theatrical genius : Cohen has devised a split-level act in which being hooked off the stage by his in-the-movie audience makes for success with his at-the-movie audience .
There 's something about Baron Cohen 's fervent and frankly Oscar-worthy performance that makes you wonder if somewhere up there , Peter Sellers is enjoying a good chuckle at his heir apparent .
Horrifying , vulgar and exploitative , yet simultaneously inspired , brilliant , convulsively hilarious , and easily the funniest film of the year .
That Cohen never breaks character , no matter the situation , is a true testament to his comic genius . He and director Larry Charles -LRB- `` Curb Your Enthusiasm '' -RRB- have created the funniest film since `` Something About Mary , '' and believe me , that 's a rave review .
A force of political provocation less on the level of the cuddly Archie Bunker and more on that of Pasolini 's libertines in Salò and Pink Flamingos ' `` filthiest people alive . ''
I may never recover , but it 's worth seeing . Just leave your sensibilities at home . .
1 -RRB- See the movie and laugh . 2 -RRB- Go out and do something very sweet for someone you do n't even know to balance things out .
As hard as I laughed watching Borat and Azamat 's naked , hairy man-on-man fight over a Baywatch magazine , it was more enlightening to sit in an RV listening to white frat boys talk about how minority women catch all the breaks .
After a while , the gaggle of idiots , creeps and stuffed shirts Borat comes in contact with becomes repetitive .
While Borat is not the revolution some entertainment writers would have you believe it does offer a pleasant night in the theater .
Borat is the movie of the year , the picture that makes all other films irrelevant .
Borat is a serious work of social criticism . But it 's also the funniest movie I 've ever seen .
Vulgar , hilarious , and frighteningly revealing .
In spots , the movie can be hysterical . But , for the most part , its appeal is not unlike that of a veteran rock band putting on a greatest hits concert .
The movie 's twist is whether we should pity those real-life Americans tricked by Cohen , who is Jewish , into revealing some rather telling sides of themselves .
A film that ignites the baser passions , satisfies the lowest common denominator and makes sure that it offends equally . That is the film 's weakness and why it is a quick hit with no lasting value .
The guiltiest pleasure of the year !
The theory of comedy here is that you can get away with almost anything if you manage to make your target audience feel superior to the human beings being mocked on the screen .
Bigots can be hilarious .
An outrageously crude slapstick comedy that is by the way heady and politically aware .
This is not only the best comedy of the year ; it may well be the best comedy in a decade . Hell , it might be the best comedy in one-score years . Maybe even one-score years plus a decade .
It is more than just a silly comedy . Like a social science documentary , it also reveals the racism and hatred that simmers in America .
I did find this to be one of the more inventive , aggressively offensive and insanely tasteless comedies in many a year . And yeah , that 's a thumbs-up .
Cohen will do anything for a laugh , and he gets quite a few .
Sacha Baron Cohen is a genius . A crazy genius , maybe , a man who takes dedication to his art to a level courting criminal prosecution and bodily harm , but a genius nevertheless .
Cohen , abetted by director Larry Charles , makes a meal of Borat Sagdiyev , a profoundly ignorant , deeply sexist , and determinedly anti-Semitic news reporter from Kazakhstan who nonetheless projects a kind of appealing , and appalling , innocence .
Very nice . Happy times . Great success .
The funniest film I 've seen this year .
... the male-oriented humor in this movie goes right in the toilet , literally , and never recovers .
Maybe most funny movie-film you see in your lifes .
Great satire , perhaps , but remarkably painful .
This is not to say that the movie is a bomb . In fact , -LRB- Borat -RRB- 's one of 2006 's most light-hearted and warm surprises . It 's just not the greatest , most daring , or controversial film in the history of humor .
a great litmus test for determining exactly how far a joke can go before you stop laughing . ... the movie is n't about promoting ignorance and intolerance but about exposing it through humor .
Has huge laughs .
Like Borat , Luenelle 's a joke as well as a means to target others . But unlike Borat , she does n't have her own movie .
very brash , funny stuff that would make Andy Kaufman quite proud .
A surprisingly successful -LRB- most of the time -RRB- elaboration on a fairly simple sketch idea -- one that is often subversive and generally very funny .
Dreadful hardly seems to cover this film . BORAT is a barrage of is one stupid vulgarity after another .
We might be stuck in the quagmire in which we 're stuck because the best intended were too deadened to affect any sort of meaningful change in time to matter .
Cohen 's mix of ineptitude and laziness propels this to become one of the worst comedies in recent memory .
Borat is a full-throttle comedy experience . You do n't just laugh at it - you howl , often uncontrollably . I ca n't remember the last time a movie so completely made me go insane with laughter .
Candid Camera crossed with Jackass ... Candidly , Cohen can be a politically incorrect laugh riot , but he 's often just lewd and crude , comrade .
Cohen stages his gags with a fearlessness where viewer-discomfort is part of the thrill .
Another anti-intellectual attempt at comedy with jokes that concentrate on male nudity , stupid ingenuity , gay sex , and excrement . Unfortunately , irreverence does not always equate to quality humor .
Most of this film is designed to entertain tall 6-year-olds , my darling husband included . He laughed himself silly and I wanted to cover my head so no one would see me .
Cohen 's comic genius is remarkable because most of what he does is improvisation .
To paraphrase a great possum : We have met the racist , anti-Semitic , homophobic crazy Kazakh , and he is us .
Does n't live up to the praise that has been heaped upon it , but it 's amusing enough .
It has great moments , but the scripted aspect of the story , which has Borat travelling cross country to propose to Pamela Anderson , is n't its strongest suit
Thank you Kazakhstan for giving the world a pure comedic genius .
... hit-and-miss ...
Riotously funny .
If you laugh at vulgar jokes or things you 'd be ashamed to admit to finding funny in front of your mom , as Borat might say , please to enjoy this movie .
Cohen takes a fearless trip through America 's midsection and its psyche .
With its frequently astute social observations , `` Borat '' effortlessly uses bad taste for a good cause .
Borat is so gut-bustingly funny it should carry a health warning .
It 's the most sexist , racist , and all-out offensive film I 've ever seen ... and it also happens to be one of the funniest movies of the year .
Jagmeshash !! ... to one of the funniest , un-pc and gob-smackingly audacious films to be screened this year .
The whole film is silly , but strangely enough , crude as many of the jokes are , I have n't laughed this much in a long , long time .
It 's sad that anyone can claim brilliance to this unoriginal one-joke character .
The film might as well be entitled Retarded America , but lumping these idiots in with our mentally challenged population would be an insult .
A cinematic stunt that works occasionally , but not often enough .
Americans emerge as the target of Borat 's most scathing observations . Chances are , however , you 'll be too busy busting a gut to complain .
Cohen 's genius lies in combining the chameleon-like virtuosity of Peter Sellers with the balls-out fearlessness of the Jackass crew .
It 's fearless and disgusting and hilarious - high five !
Reviewing Borat is kind of like doing an autopsy on a clown . Some scenes are borderline awkwardly unbearable , but then you look down and see the bright red nose or big floppy shoes -LRB- or in this case a yellow thong bathing suit -RRB- . And you laugh .
It 's a fearless performance and yields some squirm-inducingly funny moments .
In an era of stale , formulaic comedies , this uproarious and ribald faux documentary is like a hit of pure oxygen .
One of the meanest movies you 'll ever see , which counts as pretty high praise for a comedy
Somewhere in standup comedy heaven Andy Kaufman is smiling . Possibly even busting a gut .
The cheerfully tasteless Borat is often screamingly funny and almost never dull , and that 's more than I can say for just about every comedy to grace screens this year .
It 's so inventive , so rich with comic moments , so outrageous , so shocking and unexpected , and so willing to be offensive that it consistently leaves viewers off balance -- and howling . This is a film by an original and significant comic intelligence .
With our help , Borat can move the United States above Kazakhstan on the U.N. laff meter .
The outrageous comedy Borat holds a mirror up to the casual bigotry within American society . But it 's a funhouse mirror , and a cracked one at that , making the film hilarious , fascinating and troubling all at once .
I have seldom laughed as hard and as consistently as I did while watching the much-ballyhooed new comedy , Borat .
-LSB- Cohen -RSB- combines the chameleon-like talent of Peter Sellers and the obsessive conviction of Andy Kaufman . What emerges is pure genius .
Borat leaves no ethnicity , no religious or social order -LRB- well , maybe one or two -RRB- unmocked . Both the glorious U.S. and A. and the beautiful Kazakhstan get pilloried by Baron Cohen and his sublimely silly , unapologetically offensive shtick .
Borat is a combination of mockumentary and Jackass -- Cohen gulls folks into thinking he 's a real reporter so he can film spontaneous interactions with actual people .
Bigotry never will go away . So when its temporary takedown is as savagely witty and wise as Sacha Baron Cohen 's mad-scientist creation , even those of us with the best intentions might as well furiously laugh at man 's inhumanity to man .
Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is as fearless as mockumentaries get .
It 's not well made , nor does it tell an especially memorable story , nor is its humor always -LRB- as if this mattered -RRB- fair or grown-up , but it 's nevertheless howlingly , painfully , gaspingly funny .
Crude , confrontational and stunningly sick , it 's a movie made in the fringe tradition of Pink Flamingos , featuring a performer who seems to be willing to do anything for the camera .
Put on two pairs of underwear and try to stay dry through one of the most uproariously -- or , in the case of the nude wrestling scene between Borat and his morbidly obese producer , disgustingly -- funny movies in a very long time .
Borat is easily the funniest movie of the year .
Flat-out hilarious -- arguably the funniest American comedy since Airplane !
To paraphrase the movie 's title , Borat make benefit glorious for everyone -- provided you like your disturbing insights served up rude and crude .
Borat will offend as many as it delights . It 's practically a litmus test for thick-skinnedness . It 's also one of the funniest movies ever made .
A feverishly-imagined bastard child of so many streams of comedy , it becomes an utterly new experience , hilarious and shocking in equal measure .
Expect to laugh uproariously ; expect to choke back horror and revulsion , often at yourself .
When Borat is good , it 's very , very good , and when it 's bad , it 's box-office gold .
Borat packs all the intellectual punch of the standard pack of ultra-serious Oscar hopefuls . Plus it makes you laugh until your lungs hurt . And that 's why it 's one of the best movies of the year .
All you think while you 're watching is how could people be so amusingly stupid , and why ca n't I quit laughing at the sight of two naked men wrestling ?
This already controversial ` mockumentary ' contains more laugh-out-loud moments than any film since last year 's comedy hit The 40 Year Old Virgin .
Do n't see Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan if you 're easily offended by ... never mind .
I highly recommend Borat to anyone like myself with zero emotional I.Q. , those with a thick skin for when former friends decide you 're a moron by association , and the wise people who believe that Jackass was shafted for the 2002 Oscar .
A much-anticipated , intermittently hilarious mockumentary .
Very nice ! I like Borat very much .
If you 've ever wanted to see a film where ` naked fight coordinator ' was one of the credits -- you 'll probably find Borat a masterpiece .
The most important thing to know about BORAT is that you will be appalled by what you see , and then you will be appalled by the way it makes you laugh . Uproariously . And with wild abandon .
A comic put-on of awe-inspiring crudity and death-defying satire and by a long shot the funniest film of the year . It is Jackass with a brain and Mark Twain with full frontal male nudity .
`` Borat '' not only satirizes American narrow-mindedness but also American broad-mindedness , our eagerness to accept and welcome people from distant shores and enroll them in the American way of life .
Is it brilliant ? Certainly , especially where it comes to the almost unnervingly focused performance by Cohen . But is it palatable ? Probably not for me , sorry to say .
Cohen 's dauntless refusal to break character , even in the most uncomfortable situations , is amazing to behold . The picture is often gaspingly hilarious .
Cohen has created an instant classic
The most extensive and subversive practical joke ever played by a Hollywood studio . America 's been punk 'd .
This side-splitting satire ranges from brilliant skewerings of American society to low humor that has to be seen to be believed .
The funniest thing I 've ever seen in my life .
-LSB- I am -RSB- so tired of people being offended by the littlest thing that a seemingly crazy man in a dirty , gray suit who says the most outrageous things is a welcomed relief .
A relentless comedy extravaganza . He milks existing situations for the maximum comedy potential and creates comedy where there would otherwise be none ... He 's like Yakov Smirnoff on crack .
Sacha Baron Cohen is a master improviser .
The more I considered Borat , the better and funnier it grew .
Borat makes it hip for the hipsters to mock prejudice .
Like the orginal Airplane ! or an early Mel Brooks film , it 's destined to be quoted , revisited and cherished for years to come .
Borat is funny , but it 's not the Jesus Christ of comedies .
Truly smart comedy is hard to come by these days , but Cohen has delivered a simultaneously uproarious and thought-provoking experience .
Cohen is a one-man-army of prodding laughs and ingenious performance art
... Sacha Baron Cohen clearly has the biggest comedic cojones in the industry today and his movie is brilliant .
I laughed a great deal , but I cringed almost as much -- and as a result , Borat and I may never be great friends .
Borat may be dangerous to abdominal health ; there must be a limit to how many convulsions a belly can take without trauma .
It 's offensively funny in places but it ca n't sustain itself for a feature length running time and it 's not nearly as clever or as fun as it should be .
You will laugh at Borat , you really will , but the laughter will sometimes stick in your throat .
Borat is the funniest film of the year . The only ones not laughing are the ones the joke was on in the first place .
Cohen has updated the art of racial satire for a new , troubled world , and Borat is its king .
The fact that this mercilessly funny film is based in reality makes a bigger statement about who we are as a country . How we react seeing it reflected back at us will be another experience entirely .
The brilliance of Borat is that its comedy is as pitiless as its social satire , and as brainy .
It 's sexually explicit , slyly slanderous , taking satiric aim at the simplistic absurdity of superstition and bigotry - in all forms .
In the words of the man himself , Borat is Big Success .
Its best jokes approach some savage , atavistic core of cultural taboo and make the viewer wonder : Is it really possible to laugh at this ? But by the time you formulate that question , it 's too late : You 're already laughing .
A perfect combination of slapstick and satire that manages to appeal to our basest common denominators while brilliantly skewering racism , anti-Semitism , sexism and that peculiarly American affliction : we 're - number-one-ism .
In between Borat 's arrival in New York City and the end of his epic quest are some of the most fearless acts of transgressive comedy in years .
Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan is one of the funniest and most extreme movies of the past several years . If you 're a fan of comedies , you 'll have a blast here .
Borat is the funniest comedy I 've seen since I do n't know when .
Conceptually brilliant and fearlessly executed , it rewrites the rules of screen comedy , presenting something never before seen on film : a gene-splice of Andy Kaufman 's high-wire character humor and caught-on-the-street pranks from Punk 'd .
The trailer makes Borat seem like a harmless farce , but the movie is among the most offensive ever made . And among the funniest .
Hold the hyperbole ... is n't a work of genius , just a cable comedy sketch with some sharply funny bits but overextended , needlessly crude and ultimately ... smug .
As clever as he is crude , Cohen alchemizes bad-taste comedy into Strangelovean satire .
A comedic masterpiece and possibly the funniest movie in years .
Borat is gasp-for-breath , wipe-your-eyes , hurt-your-stomach , try-to-stop-laughing-so-you-don ` t-miss-the-next-funny-thing uproarious .
For the viewer with the appropriately inappropriate sense of humor , Borat -- despite being an undeniable novelty -- is also irresistible .
Borat is a comedy whose lengthy title is difficult to remember , and whose incendiary humor is impossible to forget . It is the most insanely funny movie of this , or any other , year .
As the man from Kazakhstan likes to say : Great success !
Hilarious , and purposefully offensive .
Borat is an ingenious character -- a prism through which the world 's ignorance is able to shine -- and his movie is very ridiculous , very politically incorrect and so , so funny .
Crash -- to say nothing of Michael Moore -- has nothing on this .
This is the finest and most thoughtful comedy released so far this century .
Paraphrasing Kurt Vonnegut , there are few things more quintessentially American than embarrassment ... Borat IS the quintessential movie comedy of our times -- whether you like it or not .
No film in the history of cinema has succeeded in being more ` outrageously funny ' ...
Borat -LSB- blends -RSB- the mockumentary form with ... an extreme , fearless level of performance art , creating a glorious and profound new kind of comedy experience .
`` Borat '' movie no-stop laughy . Is funny as your Donald Mouse cartoons , and goodest comedy of year .
Sacha Baron Cohen 's riotous comedy is guaranteed to offend almost everyone , but it 's also genuinely hilarious from start to finish . Jagshemash !
Face it , Borat is the funniest movie ever made .
... one of the funniest films in years and surely the most laugh-provoking .
Borat is often convulsively , savagely funny , but beneath the scatology and mockery rests a knowingness about the manner in which societal prejudices can be hidden , diverted and even encouraged .
... a fall-on-your-face , pee-in-your-pants screaming riot of wild racism , leering sexism and all-around grotesque intolerance ... and believe it or not , it 's on the side of the angels .
... more than Tom Green - and even more than a legend such as Andy Kaufman - Cohen is after something specific with his brand of anarchy .
The people Borat talks to become the symbolic heart of America -- a place where intolerance is worn , increasingly , with pride .
Indeed , the man who invented Borat is a masterful improviser , brilliant comedian , courageous political satirist , and genuinely experimental film artist . Borat makes you laugh but Baron Cohen forces you to think .
Plucky , uproarious and totally uncompromising .
A joke is never funny when you have to explain it . Either you get why Borat is hilarious or you do n't .
Absurd , outrageous , gross , disturbing , insightful , and so funny it 'll burst half the blood vessels in your face .
It 's consistently double-over-laughing hilarious , never an easy feat when you 're extending a comedy sketch into a full-length film .
-LSB- Borat -RSB- is equipped , like an F-15 Eagle , to engage multiple targets at once .
Is Borat the funniest comedy of the year ? Almost certainly -- but what 's the competition ?
Borat is an obscenely terrific comedic treasure of a film , and it furthers Cohen 's agenda to reveal America 's large collection of boobs and bigots .
Borat is an equal opportunity offender that does n't insult your intelligence .
Reviewer is disappointed !
The more I think about the film , the less amusing it becomes .
Sacha Baron Cohen is one of this country 's funniest performers , and the biggest pleasures of Borat lie in simply watching him goof off , and in watching ` real ' people 's incredulity as he does so .
Politically reactionary : the satire attacks the kind , the vulnerable , the ` little guy , ' not the more appropriate satiric targets , namely the rich , the powerful , the corrupt .
Borat will make you laugh till it hurts , and you 'll still beg for more .
The jokes hit hard and almost too often making your own laughter serve as earplugs for half of the film .
-LSB- Baron -RSB- Cohen melds the pranking of `` Jackass , '' the punking of `` Punk 'd , '' the satire of Matt Stone and Trey Parker , and the inventiveness of Mel Brooks to create an original brand of comedy that stands alone as a defiant manifesto for compulsive laughs .
What makes Borat a riot is n't its socio-analytical acuteness , but rather Cohen 's gift for establishing circumstances at once squirm-inducing uncomfortable , slapstick-stupid , and insanely inappropriate .
Nothing 's safe from Cohen 's sophisticated satire , disguised as backwater idiocy .
You will certainly laugh a whole lot , but will you still respect yourself in the morning ? Maybe . Maybe not . For me , it proved to be a risk well worth taking .
Do n't count out Borat to be above more straightforward practicality or participating in the most intestinal-dropping , gut-smashing bit of cough-inducing hilarity of male bonding ever committed to celluloid .
While this film will indeed insult almost everyone , it 's also genuinely hilarious .
There are a lot of blue state folks who are offended by Cohen 's portrayal of Kazakhstan as a backwards country of idiots . Hopefully , Cohen will find a way to make fun of these fun-hating cretins in his next picture
Evil comedy , a new genre , has arrived . The bar has been raised and is flying over everyone 's head . A fearless comedy .
Sacha Baron Cohen is a genius , and his new film is a comedic masterpiece .
It 's scathing satire , audacious , ridiculous and screamingly riotous -- but it 's not mean-spirited . It 's just funny . Good heavens , is it ever funny .
Borat is an astonishingly entertaining picture , and it 's a testament to Cohen 's gifts that he can pull off a feat as extravagant and as fully realized as this one is .
Any movie that lists someone with the job of ` feces provider ' in the credits is either going to be a disaster or one of the funniest , most outrageous films of the year . Borat is clearly the later .
For once it 's true : Borat has to be seen to be believed .
Uproariously funny .
At 82 minutes , Borat is one of the briefest and goofiest comedies around , with barbs to offend just about everyone , Gays , Jews , Christians , gypsies , bears , and sacred American institutions like country rodeos and the national anthem .
One of the funniest movies ever made . Yes , ever .
An extremely funny yet offensive movie ...
The film is dragged down again and again when the filmmakers go dumb and dumber .





@highlight

Part satire , part shockumentary , Borat gets high-fives almost all-around for being offensive in the funniest possible way . Jagshemash !