Yet although Gordon-Levitt presence helps to keep us invested in the story , you 'll be left wondering how this dull , overlong film might have turned out in the hands of a less bombastic filmmaker .
At most , Snowden 's presentation as a hero might anger those who are
revolted by what he did , but even this aspect of the film bears a temperate character , like the
picture as a whole .
During the end , all of the jovial and inspirational feel-good heroic moments feel earned , and that Snowden did operate in the best interest of America
Joseph Gordon-Levitt , in the title role , and Shailene Woodley , as his long-time girlfriend Lindsay Mills , are decent enough , but there 's a smug , self-righteous air to proceedings that makes it hard to warm to .
Snowden , though , contains another shock : that Stone -LRB- of all people -RRB- somehow turns all of this-and more-into a square , boring movie .
Stone combines the personal with thrills to create a satisfying experience with Snowden .
Snowden is definitely an Oliver Stone movie , for it asks the audience to question and seek .
But what -LSB- Snowden -RSB- mostly adds up to is a strange , disappointing movie .
What Snowden lacks in muscular storytelling , it makes up for in style .
With Snowden , Stone seems fresh outta crazy . Too bad , because a pop of his patented lunacy would 've helped .
A gripping précis of what Edward Snowden learned at the CIA and NSA , why he went public , and why it matters . Entertaining yet also deeply unsettling .
Stone champions mavericks who challenge the status quo in the name of justice and the ideals of the American experiment and Snowden is his kind of American hero , the moral voice in an amoral world ...
Joseph Gordon Levitt gives a stolid and precise performance in the lead role , but Stone warms him up by focusing on Snowden 's long-term romantic relationship with dancer Lindsay Mills -LRB- Shailene Woodley -RRB- .
Whether you personally agree with the leaking of classified documents , by the end of the movie you at least understand Snowden 's headspace , and that 's a credit to -LSB- Gordon-Levitt 's -RSB- performance .
`` Snowden '' is a film that should frighten us , but instead it seems to garner shrugs of `` yeah man , it sucks . ''
Depending your politics , Snowden 's revelations about the US secret electronic surveillance system make him a patriot or a traitor . Stone is so determined to show him as the former , he also makes him a bit of a bore .
Stone explains Snowden with ease : he turned whistleblower because The Man went after the woman he loved . The problem , as in Citizenfour , is that Snowden is telling a story that is n't finished yet .
Snowden has a few elements working in its favor , but when it comes to telling the more important parts of his career , it falls a little flat thanks to a by-the-numbers screenplay that is n't able to keep up the decent levels of engagement it began with .
A relevant film that severely comments on the dangers and responsibilities of extreme surveillance systems . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A clunky and turgid affair , albeit one with a few bizarre moments thrown into the mix to keep audiences on their toes .
A film that tells a story in a simple way , without going beyond or getting to impact us but the narration is so dynamic that ca n't be said that its fails are so serious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Since 2013 , no dinner party has been safe from discussion of the morality of the NSA whistleblower who leaked hugely sensitive information ... Three years on , this pointless film runs through it all over again .
Sober , current , conventional and maybe 30 minutes too long , this Oliver Stone 's film offers a look at the strategies that the United States has to dominate the world . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What he , and the film , lacks is a burning do-or-die conviction that he was in the right . As a piece of agitprop if nothing else , therefore , the film is a failure .
Snowden 's intellect is most effectively conveyed in Gordon-Levitt 's eyes - watchful , sober and clouded by doubt , they are a window into his impossible ethical quandary .
Oliver Stone 's clear reverence for Snowden undermines the central message in the most damaging way possible : by making it clear that the film is biased towards its own hero .
Snowden does go on a journey . But it 's more three stops on the Tube than a balloon flight around the world .
It is , by any measure , a fascinating 21st-century tale . But Stone turns it into Leftist propaganda ...
Stone 's film is about as suspenseful as a trip to Ikea .
In its own typically bombastic way , the film is not unentertaining .
Ultimately , Snowden makes you understand why he felt that there was no choice but to risk everything and let the world know the truth .
A film that does n't say anything new that there is to know about Snowden in its -LRB- not always exciting -RRB- 134 minutes of length . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Here 's another remarkable biopic from Oliver Stone , who has used all-star casts and intensely pointed filmmaking to trace the lives of such people as JFK , Nixon , Jim Morrison and George W. Bush .
It 's a forthright attempt to engage with this fascinating , opaque figure and show what it cost him personally .
Clearly Stone wanted to tell it like it was with Snowden , and unfortunately that has already been done better in the tense , minute-by-minute fly-on-the-wall documentary Citizenfour .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt nails Snowden 's meek exterior and cool intelligence , but Snowden leaves its main character unsatisfyingly opaque .
It 's an ungainly , overlong film , dull and preachy , with embarrassing dialogue and too many monologues .
The movie falls between two stools , however , lacking either the irreverence of satire or the tautness of a well-tooled thriller .
It 's psychologically thin , tiresomely hagiographic and does n't answer any of the questions you 'd like it to answer .
Juicy angles are set aside in favour of a straightforward , unquestioning biopic of a dull man who very publicly quit his job .
Partiality is the heel in this Achilles film ; though to this Achilles film 's credit , it also outruns , as storytelling , the tortoise forebodings we might have had about a true-life plot so cerebral and cyber-centric .
Stone 's fixation on the sheer dang manliness of sticking one to the government , even digitally , feels misguided here from the off .
Compelling and relevant drama that will have you nervously sticking tape over your laptop webcam .
Stone makes a compelling case that his subject is a hero , not a traitor , and tells his story with a fair amount of cinematic flair . Nonetheless , many elements here are on the clunky side .
Snowden 's story is well worth telling , but by forcing it to fit the template of a generic action-thriller it becomes predictable , rote and , worst of all , unreal .
Stone does n't seem particularly computer-savvy , so he is n't able to connect the dots persuasively between the various programs Snowden is exposing and how they work together to violate our Constitutional rights .
Stone 's heart is in the right place .
Aided by a dialled-down Gordon-Levitt , Stone skilfully demystifies one of the Obama era 's most compelling stories . It 's a welcome return to form for a cinematic sleeping giant .
It 's a well-constructed story that does not require any cinematic flamboyance to make its point .
Deserves respect for attempting to offer a user-friendly consideration of what Snowden tried to achieve .
Snowden is not the best work from its director , but there is no doubt that it 's the best he has done in the last fifteen years and that 's why it 's worth it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the central performance - along with the inherently gripping subject matter - that keeps Snowden tense and thrilling .
A film where Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's performance stands out , resulting in a clone of the real Snowden because of his physical appearance , voice tone , body language , etc. , but in general , Stone does n't manages to meet expectations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that recovers Stone 's best characteristics : his power of persuasion and the rigorous exposition of facts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Stone collects all of the silliest clichés about computing in a grab-bag aesthetic that tries every kind of pointlessly filtered or grainy look , but ca n't seem to fake a convincing webcam shot .
One of the most important movies of 2016 . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's part editorial , part docu-drama .
Stone forgets he 's telling a story of sedition , and he loses both his sense of human nature and his cinematic dazzle ... Stone abets these traitors ' pride . His skill as a filmmaker and his virtue as a disgruntled American are the immediate casualties .
An interesting and a relatively engrossing film despite feeling a little too safe at times .
... a tremendously disappointing missed opportunity and yet another subpar effort from a once-vital filmmaker .
There 's no room for ambivalence in the vision of director Oliver Stone , who in his sprawling , highly selective , undeniably compelling biopic tracks Snowden as a frustrated idealist .
Gordon-Levitt is pitch perfect in the title role , gradually revealing the steely inner core behind his nerd-like exterior , and skilfully evoking Snowden 's process of disillusionment as he sees more and more of the skull beneath the skin of his homeland .
A film that , in dramatic terms , does n't quite work very well . Not the big return of Oliver Stone that many wanted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It seems as if -LRB- Stone has -RRB- determined that a calm , measured statement can be stronger than one bellowed at maximum volume .
Oliver Stone takes the story and gives it slick mainstream polish , bringing the issue home in a way that is understandable and urgent , even if his hero ends up seeming almost too good to be true .
Stone 's Snowden is used to talk about the country and its citizens that woke from innocence / ignorance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Oliver Stone achieves his obvious , if straightforward , motivations at telling Edward Snowden 's journey from Coast Guard brat to grand scale whistleblower .
Gordon-Levitt deserves praise in his portrayal of an increasingly troubled and paranoid Snowden .
Oliver Stone is a filmmaker first and a political analyst second , and he manages to make the story thrilling even if everyone knows the ending .
A well-made and engaging film that presents Snowden as a principled romantic and modest hero
Encapsulating plenty of material inside of its 134 minute running time , Snowden will add to the growing debate about the reach of government , rightly or wrongly , into our lives .
Clobbers us over the head with a This Truthteller Is A Patriot signboard even as the action 's mish-mashed , drained of political juice . Explanation poses as dialogue ; Mills and sudden epileptic fits come off as plot devices meant to humanize this tech-guy .
For a movie about such a complicated figure , Stone seems to remove the complications from the story .
Citizenfour exists , so skip this silliness .
What saves this movie is Gordon-Levitt 's subtle and profound performance as a political conservative being torn apart by his ingrained loyalty to his country and his moral convictions about the bad things that he 's doing .
For me , its best moments are those where Stone surrenders to his baroque instincts . That 's something I never thought I would hope for .
Long and somewhat uncinematic at times , Stone 's epic nevertheless succeeds in raising many disturbing questions .
Uneven , ramming brilliant scenes up against turgid ones , but ... it gets you by the end . If you 've seen Citizenfour you may think you do n't need this , but the stuff detailing Snowden 's career is fascinating ... Definitely worth seeing despite the flaws .
are on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google + The best and worst thing about Oliver Stone making an Edward Snowden movie is actually the same thing : he was never going to create a realistic level headed drama .
Snowden is Oliver Stone 's best work in years . Joseph Gordon-Levitt is sensational in a film that satisfies by humanizing one of the most controversial figures of our times . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though it 's made in a traditional way , is still an interesting film , especially for the people who are n't familiarized with the complex and mysterious personality of Snowden . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While it 's reasonably entertaining , Snowden adds just about nothing to the conventional understanding of its subject -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Stone 's flashy filmmaking , including grand set pieces in enormous secret facilities , ca n't conceal his flat , thin , psychology-free depiction of a modest and self-sacrificing hero who single-handedly changed the politics of our time .
A loudly inconsistent work that ranges from terrible to hilarious to , finally , pretty good .
It 's an uneven film that makes bold but misguided choices that only hamper the narrative .
The great , punk rock gag is that Stone somehow managed to make a straightforward Hollywood hagiography about a fugitive hiding out in Russia who a portion of the population considers a traitor .
Edward Snowden does n't fit the stereotypical image of a political activist or rabble rouser . And that 's what gives Oliver Stone 's forensically-minded docudrama its narrative traction .
A film that contributes little or nothing to what is already known . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... feels more like a subdued interpretation of recent history that misses an opportunity to become something more incendiary , especially during an election year .
Some Stone films , such as JFK , Nixon and Born on the Fourth of July , have been bombastic in approach ; Snowden is surprisingly low key , and all the more effective for that .
As Snowden , Gordon-Levitt is so muted , so cloistered , that it can be easy to miss that it 's a very good performance .
You may be seized by the desire to throw away your mobile phone as you leave the theater .
Like its subject , Snowden speaks softly and carries a big wallop .
A poignant portrait of a whistle-blowing hero and the demise of privacy .
It 's not what we wanted - or needed - from an Oliver Stone movie about the shocking reveal of surveillance practices in the United States , but it 's what we 've got .
One day , this still-unfolding situation might make for one hell of a movie . As long as Oliver Stone does n't secure the rights .
Stone 's filmmaking is so off-putting one is likely to forget that the issues he is dressing up with cloak-and-dagger adornments and rom-com simplicities are some of the more tormenting issues of our time .
This might be the most truthful movie Oliver Stone has made .
The director adopts a few too many action-movie concepts , working a little too hard to make his subject more than a nerd behind a computer , but the film is still a solid political thriller and the director 's best effort in years .
Snowden has a secret weapon , and it 's one that I was n't expecting : a fully-engaged and on-his-game Oliver Stone .
Snowden brings out Stone 's moderate side , at least in cinematic terms ... not as theoretically conspiratorial as JFK , not abrasively operatic like Platoon , and never approaches Natural Born Killers ' feverish lack of precision .
The deeper down the rabbit hole he goes , the more you appreciate the courage it took for Snowden to do what he did . He 's a game-changer and a walking controversy : Is he a patriot or traitor ?
Snowden is a suspenseful film that has us engaged from start to finish .
Snowden is the best film Oliver Stone has made in at least two decades .
The aesthetic flecks are what keep Snowden interesting .
You can say ` Snowden ' is unnecessary , you can point out its silliness , you can wonder if its director is spinning his wheels , since he 's not doing much that 's particularly new . But no other director has picked up the mission of advancing its message .
It 's the best movie Oliver Stone has helmed since the 20th century . While it lacks the emotional wallop or technical prowess of his revered projects from the 1980s and '90s , it at least finds him shakily getting back on his feet .
-LSB- Stone 's -RSB- film works on two levels - as a look at the man behind the headlines and as a technological procedural .
If you have n't prejudged Snowden , it 's a very good film -LRB- that could have been better with less ; less runtime , less romance , less of the scenes in Snowden 's hotel room , but with the skullduggery of Snowden fleeing and avoiding his pursuers added -RRB- .
Stone 's take on his virtuous but bland subject is to idolize him without any critique .
Snowden is a movie that percolates with ideas .
Stone 's Snowden comes off especially tame ... familiar ground with nothing of note revealed ... unusual given the filmmaker 's past undertakings .
Despite its excessive heroicizing , Mr. Stone 's version provides a good opportunity to revisit the crucial issue of civil liberties vs. national security , and the fascinating figure who brought it to our attention .
The movie 's strength lies in its painstaking explication of how extensively the government is spying on us and why we should be as horrified as Snowden is .
The movie may inform you of plenty , but it really does n't tell you much of a story .
Restrained , almost dispassionate in the way it lays out the facts of the story . Where 's the incendiary , provocative Stone ?
As much as Snowden is overstated and underwhelming , it ca n't undercut the crucial importance of Snowden 's ongoing story .
Snowden is a solid , yet unremarkable , portrayal of an intriguing incident that asks the audience to contemplate serious questions .
As abrasive , polarizing , and frankly , annoying as he used to be , at least Oliver Stone 's films were once fearless and stood for something . Now they 're just dull .
It 's a grown-up thriller that convincingly makes the case that true patriots hold their government to a higher standard .
-LSB- Gordon-Levitt 's -RSB- meticulously dialed Snowden voice sounds much less rangey and more matter-of-fact than his usual onscreen voice . You feel the painstaking weight of his efforts . It takes some getting used to -- but after a while , it works .
It 's a fawning piece of work .
Snowden could have used more of the JFK-era Stone .
Snowden is nothing more than rabid cinematic cheerleading that 's too consumed with Stone 's own praise to actually make us care .
An interesting , emotional companion piece to `` Citizenfour . ''
In his gushing cinematic tribute to ... Edward Snowden , Oliver Stone crouches in his hero 's corner , cheering him on as Snowden lands one righteous sucker punch after another on a lumbering and unscrupulous nemesis : the U.S. military-intelligence complex .
Provocateur Oliver Stone makes comeback with `` Snowden . '' Gordon-Levitt and Woodley make fine pair . Lightning rod figure is fascinating centerpiece of important film .
Oliver Stone is , unquestionably , one of our greatest auteurs . That does n't , however , mean all of his films are great . His latest offering , Snowden , is exhibit A.
... while getting the facts straight is important , it 's not enough to make a film work .
It 's guilty of Hollywood-izing Snowden 's story to some degree , but it also humanizes him . It 's certainly Oliver Stone 's best film in at least 20 years .
Stone is so intent on making Snowden an icon that he scrubs him of his nuances , his individuality .
Resembles the scene in JFK where Donald Sutherland 's Mr. X calmly peels back the surface of the Kennedy assassination ... This new movie is full of that : men in expensive coats , speaking in veiled terms about who pulls the strings .
Stone 's inability to even imagine there 's another side to the Snowden debate decimates any dramatic tension .
It 's a snoozer .
With Snowden , Gordon Levitt delivers his second feature that -- while notable on numerous levels -- is deflated because it follows in the footsteps of a superior documentary that covers the same ground .
That rarest of creatures : a boring Oliver Stone movie .
`` Snowden '' will be appealing to those who consider the former CIA employee a heroic whistleblower and infuriating to those who call him a traitor .
A bit like Stone 's 1991 fever dream `` JFK , '' but not , you know , completely nuts .
Snowden may be unsurprising but it still emerges as a solid , old-fashioned biopic with a dynamic approach to a densely packed story .
If Snowden 's story was n't real , Stone would have made it up . So why does Stone 's movie feel so toothless ?
Edward Snowden revealed the U.S. spy secrets and embarrassed the government . This mostly true tattle tale story leans left but is conservative safe .
The weight of the film , though , is on Gordon-Levitt and Woodley and these are easily two of the best performances of the year .
It 's Snowden 's version of events skillfully directed by Stone who once again knows who the real enemy is .
A gripping , provocative , and scary look at a whistleblower whose revelations shocked the world .
The film 's greatest asset , besides Gordon-Levitt 's complex and nuanced performance ... is its unique , under-the-hood peek into the cyber-spy game and the inner workings of government security agencies .
An absorbing version of the story ... flawed , as Stone 's `` historical '' films tend to be , by unnecessary stacking of the deck that detracts from the credibility of the film .
It is clear where director Oliver Stone stands . ... In `` Snowden , '' he frames the former CIA and NSA employee as a patriot and idealist whose idealism is shattered as the extent of U.S. domestic-spying activities becomes clearer . ...
If you come out of Snowden less than angry , you have n't been paying attention to the 21st century .
Stone ultimately does n't shed any light on Snowden 's story that you could n't get from a Wikipedia entry . Do yourself a favor and just watch Citizenfour instead .
Pay no attention to the `` rottens '' . This is vintage Oliver Stone and powerful story-telling about a true American hero .
Even if you think Snowden is on the side of the angels , `` Snowden '' is n't the best way to learn about him .
Most of `` Snowden '' is talk - pretty smart talk , actually .
The world needs more Edward Snowden movies . The question is whether it needs Oliver Stone 's Snowden movie .
Stone is back in his wheelhouse attacking topical and urgent material with his usual filmmaking style and substance .
Stone still evinces his old , hand-rubbing glee in exposing the vermin hiding under the rock marked National Security , and there are some fine scenes ... but there 's a slickness , and also a slackness , to the proceedings .
Director Oliver Stone leaks the whole truth about Edward Snowden 's motivations . Powerful performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Snowden and Shailene Woodley as girlfriend Lindsay Mills make this interesting , but slow-paced , film worth seeing .
Snowden could have been an important film . It certainly contains important elements . Sadly , unlike its subject , it 's unremarkable and easily forgotten .
This movie is just rehashing the arguments that have already taken place , all of which results in a discussion I just did n't care to engage in .
While the drama here is straight forward and conventional , Stone turns a brilliant trick by visually showing how computer spying is conducted . We do not have to understand how it works to appreciate what it does -- because Stone skillfully shows us .
Gordon-Levitt 's grounded performance , showing Snowden as preternaturally calm amid the computerized noise around him , keeps the movie from going off the rails .
Snowden should be frothing at the mouth . Instead , the best it can work up is a weary sigh .
The biographical elements here feel secondary , slightly rushed , and a bit generic .
If Laura Poitras ' Oscar-winning documentary `` Citizenfour '' was the technical , unflinching , non-fiction version of Edward Snowden 's explosive NSA leaks , Stone 's film is most definitely the Hollywood version .
Conventional , respectable and slightly dull ... . Who 'd have thought that Stone 's telling of Snowden 's remarkable story would be so unremarkable ?
It never feels tedious , thanks to Stone 's tremendous sense of story construction , the film 's razor-sharp editing - and Gordon-Levitt 's masterful performance .
Stone 's own presence as a director is oppressive . It 's as if he 's phoning it in from O'Brian 's video-call system , with big , obvious touches that might be confused with mastery .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is fiercely committed as Snowden , but director Oliver Stone sticks to the surface and buries the provocation .
`` Snowden '' is worth watching for the ideas and arguments it inspires , and for the layers of a still-mysterious character it reveals .
-LSB- Joseph Gordon-Levitt delivers -RSB- an interestingly inward performance . Outwardly , however , there 's almost no suspense , which , given the narrative possibilities , is a remarkably dubious achievement .
Oliver Stone views Edward Snowden as a hero and depicts him as such . It is a decidedly unbalanced approach .
Snowden is n't a liberal screed , or at least not an overt one . It 's a sincere , straightforward biopic that , at its worst , verges on hagiography .
`` Snowden '' could have been a character portrait , but instead it 's like `` The Bourne Identity '' minus the chases and fights , which is like a ham and cheese sandwich minus the ham and cheese .
Snowden does a remarkable job of walking viewers through the ten year evolution of a man from unassuming US soldier to cyber-intelligence operative to the world 's most wanted man .
Credit Joseph Gordon-Levitt -- first , for even playing Snowden , and also for attempting to mimic Snowden 's unique cadence as well as his physical appearance .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt sympathetically portrays the bespectacled title cipher , a Rubik 's Cube champ with an IBM brain .
Decent , but beyond addressing some important matters that every citizen should -LRB- already -RRB- know about , it 's not as remarkable a film as it could and should have been . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Sex , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A gripping story that preaches telling the whole truth but feels like it 's leaving some darker secrets out .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's understated role as Snowden presents the protagonist with a quiet intensity , strong moral compass and , initially , an unquestioning regard for U.S. institutions .
It 's in the way he and his rock-solid cast spin it , thrillingly , that makes Oliver Stone 's Snowden the top-notch nail-biter that it is .
Mr. Stone has made an honorable and absorbing contribution to the imaginative record of our confusing times .
Stone has the smarts to make this picture ignite , but he fumbles the tone , which often teeters between terrifying and ridiculous .
Stone digs beyond the scandal , turning the events into a compelling and tense ride , half thriller , half think piece , a mixture of dramatic depth and excitement .
Congrats to Oliver Stone for crafting a reverential biopic which convincingly repositions a supposed traitor as an altruistic hero of the highest order .
Gordon-Levitt turns in an Oscar-worthy performance as a man who 's all too aware of what he 's letting himself in for . And Woodley skillfully balances a range of emotions as Lindsay .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is good as Snowden -LRB- his voice alone is terrific -RRB- , capturing his nerdy intelligence and passion for patriotism . Shailene Woodley is even better as Lindsay Mills , Snowden 's girlfriend .
Snowden 's a polarizing whistleblower portrayed as an American hero here but in too pedestrian a fashion for such a hot-button topic , and the movie seems at times as awkward as its brainiac subject .
Stone used to be fearless in both the stories he told and the way he told them : Now , it seems , he 's just the former .
The director 's passion for radical protest is undeniable and infectious , if a little too simplified .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt offers one of his best performances in an imperfect rendition of an important story .
Snowden is another fine addition to Oliver Stone 's filmography , fitting in nicely with JFK , Born on the Fourth of July and other films about trying to be a good American .
Stone always gets good work out of his leads . They 're interesting opposites too , here , in both part and performance : Joseph Gordon-Levitt , minimalist and withholding , as Snowden , and Shailene Woodley , jangling and emotional , as Lindsay .
While the romantic narrative seems most important , the more predominant love story at the core of the movie is that of the director and his subject . Or at his subject .
A sympathetic but subtle portrayal of a young whistleblower who broke the law and paid a price .
It 's well and compellingly made , working hard to bring the blurry figure of Snowden into focus while dramatizing his transformation from patriotic civil servant to appalled citizen whistle-blower .
Even though this is Stone 's most interesting work since the underrated `` W. '' nearly a decade ago , it 's not all that much .
A duly serious and ambitious fall movie that , despite the best efforts of its formidable director and cast , ca n't remotely match the excitement of real life .
There 's a deeper emptiness at the core of the movie , a failure of nerve and a fundamental incuriosity about what makes the Snowden affair interesting and relevant , then and now .
Stone plays it pretty safe with his biopic .
Snowden is a film of sincere outrage , even when it strains to articulate that outrage in a less from-the-headlines manner , and a reminder that right now , somewhere else in the world , the real Edward Snowden is still waiting to return home .
If Vietnam veteran/activist Ron Kovic were Stone 's twentieth-century patron patriot , Snowden is a twenty-first-century patriot martyr -- a man who loves his country enough to give up access to it .
It does n't quite hit the heights of some of Stone 's true classics but is , nonetheless , possibly the most important film you will see this year .
Paranoia has never been so entertaining as it is here .
-LSB- Stone 's -RSB- latest film , Snowden , synthesizes all of the director 's best qualities into one ruthlessly efficient 134-minute package .
This film is a fawning biopic that adds a thousand details to a portrait of Snowden that are only relevant if your goal is becoming president of the Edward Snowden fan club .
Gordon-Levitt is deserving of praise , and possibly more tangible accolades , which the movie as a whole does n't merit .
Moviegoers will love or hate Oliver Stone and his politics until the end of time . With well-made movies such as `` Snowden , '' though , his skill as a filmmaker becomes much harder for the detractors to debate .
Born on the Fourth of July for millennials ... Stone effectively streamlines Snowden 's story for mass consumption , edification , and identification .
Slick and sycophantic , glossing over the U.S. government 's deplorable actions and the unintended consequences of Snowden 's disclosures .
Stone seems genuinely interested in the slow and steady process by which Edward Snowden came to distrust the government that he worked for , and the director has made a slow and steady movie to go with it .
More hagiography than biography , Stone 's film portrays Snowden as a candidate for sainthood whose only flaw is that he cares too much .
There 's something flaccid and by-the-numbers about Stone 's latest-a button-pusher that does n't muster the energy to push enough buttons .
It 's clearly told , energetically made , fast-edited and propulsive : topical popular history .
Stone made the very smart move to hire a committed , underrated actor to play the challenging lead role , and the result is a film that thrives off its central performance .
The production values are first-rate - Stone 's movies are always very good-looking - and the finely shaded performance of Joseph Gordon-Levitt in the lead role is a revelation .
Uses a classic cinematic language , one usually reserved for decorated soldiers and civil rights advocates , for a man currently exiled from his country - and for the very act the movie portrays as lionhearted .
You used to be able to count on Oliver Stone for a good shot or two of cinematic adrenaline . So , who would have thought he 'd choose to present one of the most controversial figures of the 21st Century as warm , fuzzy , and more than a bit boring ?
Alternately involving and monotonous .
Stone gives us a lot to chew on , and a lot of agitprop -- a $ 4 word best abbreviated with the letters `` B.S. ''
The issues that Snowden raises are without question some of the biggest issues of our times -- but a movie this safe wo n't leave anybody thinking about them .
I 'd still urge those curious about Snowden and what he did to watch Citizenfour and read The Guardian 's striking reporting on his massive disclosure . But as a straightforward , accessible overview , Snowden sturdily does its part for the cause .
This film glosses over the thorniest issues in play -- both in terms of the US government 's actions and the unintended consequences of Snowden 's disclosures -- and settles for a safe , familiar account of one man standing up against the system .
Given the opportunity to say something , anything insightful about mass surveillance , Oliver Stone just hammers the point that `` protest is patriotic , '' over and over again .
Edward Snowden 's slow awakening to the terrifying ramifications of the U.S. government 's illegal monitoring of its citizens is a study in justified paranoia , so naturally it makes for Oliver Stone 's best film in years .
-LSB- Oliver Stone -RSB- combin -LSB- es -RSB- skill and provocation with a passion to entertain in this riveting portrait of young American fugitive Edward Snowden .
SNOWDEN is neither the triumphant return-to-form Stone fans might have been hoping for , nor is it as real miss .
An amazing story counts for very little when told in such a clumsy , unsubtle and conventional way .
-LSB- Stone -RSB- is focused on the future , fearful the next person over-stepping boundaries is Donald Trump . This does n't make the film a resounding success , but it does make it fascinating .
Both Stone 's cat and mouse intrigue and Snowden 's Red State/Blue State online dating object of desire delight at watching his ` inner liberal grow , ' lighten the heavily detailed proceedings somewhat , in this moody surveillance state egghead thriller .
All the impressive casts in the world ca n't save a two-and-half-hour story with only two meaningful plot points in it .
There was always the chance of Snowden 's story coming off as an underpowered Bourne movie , but Stone somehow finds ways to make it extra boring .
It depicts Edward Snowden 's ethical dilemmas in a political vacuum that disregards America 's increasingly complex security threats .
The film would have been better served by a healthy degree of Oliver Stone 's characteristic urgency and outrage .
Stone has made a film aimed at breaking out Snowden 's story to the masses but it 's made with such limpness that a swift read of his Wikipedia page will prove far more exciting .
It somehow manages to make a fascinating , utterly contemporary narrative feel like old news .
It 's sexy , controversial , visually interesting . It 's Oliver Stone 's best film since `` JFK . ''
Stone 's exile in the desert of overheated irrelevance has now ended . `` Snowden '' is n't just the director 's most exciting work since `` Nixon '' -LRB- 1995 -RRB- - it 's the most important and galvanizing political drama by an American filmmaker in years .
Stone 's direction is measured , methodical , and totally lacking in the fire and flamboyance that sometimes electrified and sometimes ruined his earlier films . The story moves along without any real sense of urgency or suspense .
Stone 's movie features studio gloss that is too slick to make the real life events feel grounded in any way .
For viewers who never saw Citizenfour , and perhaps have only a vague idea of who he is , what he revealed , and why he did it , then it 's quite likely that Snowden will provide an eye-opening experience .
Snowden makes the story of Edward Snowden entertaining and accessible for a wide audience , but offers little beyond that .

@highlight

Snowden boasts a thrilling fact-based tale and a solid lead performance from Joseph Gordon-Levitt , even if director Oliver Stone saps the story of some of its impact by playing it safe .