We care for the girl 's suffering , the mother 's struggle , and hope all the medical science available to the doctor is enough , even though we know a miracle from heaven is directly around the corner
Miracles from Heaven will satisfy its intended audience and do absolutely nothing for anyone else .
Though the title guarantees uplift , this gruelling drama spends an hour dragging you into a well of depression .
While I 'm happy that Anna and her family are doing well , it 's too bad that the movie that 's based on their lives seems less than miraculous .
Miracles from Heaven is manipulative , blunt , super-Christian propaganda that 's dignified and deeply moving in its own way .
To have it suddenly blatantly preach to the converted and to the converted alone is a missed opportunity of massive proportions , making watching Miracles from Heaven at all a serious waste of time .
Miracles From Heaven aims for faith-based audiences , and its narrow focus keeps the film 's message of possibility and positivity from wider viewers .
Believers and fans of uplifting , unashamedly emotional stories will enjoy this . Non-believers will struggle with the message and tone .
Engaging performances certainly broaden its appeal , especially from the younger members of the cast . But as you might guess from the title , it 's totally preaching to the converted .
Though unquestionably a film of faith , Miracles from Heaven does n't ram its religiosity down your throat quite as much as many others of its kind do . Not until a horribly over-fluffy finale , that is .
What a strange film .
No heathen is going to be persuaded by a film that holds back its revelations until all but the already-convinced have left .
Those of a wobbly disposition may find themselves momentarily lifted up , but they should be prepared to come back to earth with a bump .
A profound story with round characters turn this film into a powerful drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is no dramatic tension to this film - the entire premise is already summarised in the title .
It 's far from the worst of its genre .
A cheap soap opera episode that tries to be manipulate as it can be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The problem with the film is that it 's preachy and it becomes tiring and it feels too focused on making you cry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In an effort to take the `` emotional impact '' to infinity and beyond , the director loses focus and does n't have any spontaneity and freshness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The religious thrust - that life is tough to get through and being a Christian makes it a bit easier - is weak , and the film is disturbingly anti-scientific at its core .
It 's insulting to the audience .
It manages to push the right buttons for some , but it can feel manipulative in some parts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie destined for a sensitive audience where parents , more suceptible to the premise , can cry all they want watching it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sweetly spiritual , gently wagging a finger at non-believers .
The Christian community will be happy to see Derbez in a film where their beleifs come to life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film will draw its nieche audience into the theatre , but not for being a good or even entertaining film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well built family drama with religious overtones , sadly it 's poorly narrated . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Practically a talk where Derbez , playing the poor man 's Patch Adams , tries to convince you to be a Christian . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not that the movies has religious overtones , it 's the fact that it tries to force a way of thinking at every opportunity , feeling a little bit too preachy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a simplistic and somewhat offensive approach that 's been shamelessly designed to win the approval of the most faithful of moviegoers , with the pandering vibe cementing Miracles from Heaven 's place as a disaster of nigh biblical proportions .
By and large , the film is drippy kitsch , alternating between sub-Terrence Malick images of everyday `` miracles '' and forced , feeble attempts at comic relief .
While it may not be for everyone , its basic decency and sense of great hopefulness are very often touching .
Call me picky , but I want my movies about miracles to leave me with wonder in my eyes , along with a tear or two .
There are plenty of fantastic films with Christian messages , but Miracles From Heaven is more interested in simplistic proselytizing to a heavily evangelical market that just wants their own existing beliefs confirmed .
Told with sincerity , heart and a winning performance by Jennifer Garner , the trouble with this weepie about faith is its melodramatic , manipulative and syrupy treatment
There 's a snake lurking in the garden of compassion . And he bears the face of overt proselytization .
The individual parts do n't always work , but the whole gets the job done in a satisfying way .
If you want a meaningful Christian message , you 'll absolutely find one . If that 's not your cup of tea , you can still enjoy a really amazing feel-good story .
Good acting ca n't save earnest , faith-based family drama .
The only true miracle that emerges out of all of this is Garner 's performance .
The real miracle here is that I gave it a 1 rather than a zero like it deserves .
Miracles From Heaven wo n't be mistaken for pure-bred popcorn fare , but it 's far more mainstream than like-minded members of its cinematic congregation .
The kindness of average mortals is far more comforting than the stuff that involves bright lights . If only the film threw more of its weight behind believing in people .
You ca n't endear when you 're subtly insulting , and Miracles From Heaven 's otherwise good intentions are lost in its confusing mix of uplifting spirituality and judgment .
It kind of reduces all those questions of faith to a self-help book .
The faith-based audience that Miracles From Heaven targets will be waiting impatiently for the payoff -- the miracle of the title -- but it 's what happens before the miracle that gives this spiritually alert drama its spark .
Riggen subjects Garner to an unrelenting series of close-up shots in which she weeps over her ailing daughter .
Very preachy and very cliched , although Garner 's performance is solid .
It is a movie by believers , about believers , for believers , to the exclusion of all else , custom-tailored for private church-group showings .
Despite being occasionally messy in narrative choices and lasting quite longer than it needed to , its message and those hard-to-watch barefaced moments are what gives Miracles from Heaven its shine .
Jennifer Garner delivers a standout performance in this uplifting and heartfelt drama .
`` Miracles from Heaven '' plays it safe , putting more effort into teary monologues and skyward glances , softening what should be a riveting tale of a baffling recovery .
`` Miracles From Heaven '' has a strong cast and an impressive story . It should appeal to a wide audience .
Miracles From Heaven goes about its business with a modesty and dignity you do n't see much at the pictures these days .
Despite earnest intentions and a promising cast , Miracles from Heaven ca n't find salvation from its own shortcomings .
Riggen has no shame when it comes to jerking the tears , and sometimes her manipulations work even on the hardest of hearts ... One thing she should probably work on is the comedy .
It 's a good Christian film that plays to its audience and preaches the importance of neighborly values .
The question is never what will happen to 10-year-old Anna -LRB- Kylie Rogers -RRB- , who suffers a bloated belly and chronic pain . The only issue is how long she , and the audience , will have to wait to find out .
Miracles from Heaven wrings this story for everything it 's worth , and is ultimately saved from mawkishness by the utter believability of Garner 's performance as a mother who would do anything to save her daughter .
The movie never allows -LSB- Garner -RSB- to truly plumb the depth of her character 's despair , which would have made the uplift of its message all the more effective .
Miracles From Heaven occasionally wags a told-you-so finger at nonbelievers . But in a genre that tends to hector and bludgeon , that 's some kind of improvement .
Even if the idea of a religious movie leaves you cold , the film is still incredibly moving because it 's a reminder of the strength parents must have and how life is made up of small acts of kindness that happen on a daily basis .
This is not a film , at least as most filmmakers and audiences imagine the form . This is proselytizing , pure and simple .
The sweet sincerity of Miracles From Heaven makes it hard to dislike .
Riggen effectively creates a sense of how intimidating hospitals and medical procedures are for a child , often shooting from Anna 's perspective . The emphasis on Anna and Christy 's experience of these trials is a smart choice .
I constantly had the sense I was witnessing a formulaic Hallmark Channel-type approach that really did not elevate this genre in any new ways .
The emotional and spiritual core of this movie does n't rest solely with the big miracle . The most important theme is rooted in the premise that everyday miracles surround us , if only we pay attention . That 's an appealing message to people of all faiths .
As manipulative and often corny as Miracles is , it 's a fantastic true story whose bedrock emotions continually connect thanks to director Patricia Riggen and an inspired cast led by a never better Garner .
Miracles is about Anna 's healing and a belief in God , but also about the day-to-day kindnesses of strangers or friends that can make all the difference in the world .
Stories that lead inextricably toward divine intervention do n't have a lot of options other than killing time .
The harrowing medical crisis that drives the family story gives it the nonreligious urgency to preach beyond the choir . So too does Jennifer Garner 's down-to-earth lead performance .
Faith-based filmmaking is maturing faster than expected . A movie like Miracles from Heaven is the result .
The film adaptation tells the true-life tale of the Beams with such intensity and urgency that a box of tissues may not be enough to keep up with the water works .
Bring tissues .
Being an actual real movie also means it goes relatively easy on the piety , though that does n't mean it does n't have an awful , vindictive worldview .
The film , like the misattributed Albert Einstein quote that young Anna solemnly parrots throughout , is as hollow as the old tree in the Beams ' backyard .
The film is surprisingly likable , if entirely predictable .
The course of `` Miracles From Heaven '' is never in doubt . When Garner as Beam intones in the opening voiceover questions of where miracles come from , the film 's title has already stated the answer .
This is the best of the recent slate of faith-based movies to hit cinemas . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Unsettling Material , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
If there are miracles everywhere we look , who wants to waste time on a movie this middling ?
Whether the actresses believe the girl 's story , I ca n't say . But they know how to act as though they do .
In the end the film comes up with an almost humanist definition of miracles and their cause .
-LSB- Garner -RSB- 's the bridge the story needs to avoid being pigeonholed as another smug Evangelical advertisement , and her performance elevates Miracles to a Christian film worthy of the name .
Miraculously turns out pretty good .
How this comes across will depend not just on your religious sympathies , but your tolerance for cloying dramatization .
The movie dwells for a l-o-o-o-n-g time on Annabel 's suffering -- it sometimes feels like a bit of a preteen Passion Play -- and you have to wait for what feels like an eternity for the Big Event .
The most touching and inspiring part of the film is ... when Christy thinks back and realizes how many miracles the family has experienced through kindness and compassion .
Sometimes cloying faith-based film that does n't sermonize , but succeeds thanks to a convincingly wrenching performance by Jennifer Garner .
Surprising and Heartfelt True Story with excellent performances
The Lord working in mysterious ways designed to elicit an ` Amen ! ' from believers in the Amen Corner .

@highlight

Miracles from Heaven makes the most out of an outstanding performance from Jennifer Garner , but it is n't quite enough to keep this faith-based drama from preaching to the choir .