Together they make up for decent movie , with occasionally good action scenes .
The cast all turn in excellent performances and as a light , enjoyable caper RED succeeds , but ultimately it 's lazy , derivative and immature .
The low-key character comedy gets buried under all the pyrotechnics .
It delivers a few thrills here and there but ultimately a bland story and forgettable characters turn Red into a mediocre action film at best .
A playful action blockbuster with a top-shelf cast and a refreshingly unconventional concept .
Oh , that `` RED '' was the giddy romp it might have been , it promises to be or it thinks it is .
Put your brain on hold for a few hours and you 'll enjoy this light-hearted action comedy .
The best reason to get out there and see it is to see these actors take on this kind of over-the-top material . The fun they appear to be having on screen ends up being quite contagious .
The cast 's efforts go about halfway to compensating for Red 's lack of inspiration elsewhere .
All the stars seem to be having great fun playing goodies and baddies and running around shooting things . But they could do the same thing paintballing , sparing us from having to watch them and avoiding having to spend 60 million dollars in the process .
A fun little spy thriller that twists the old adage that you ca n't teach an old dog new tricks and suggests that perhaps they can teach you something new instead .
Si el entretenimiento funciona , además , se debe en gran parte a un atractivo elenco que se divierte como loco jugando a los espías y a los héroes de acción .
It could use more blammo . And more witty . And more everything else . But it requires nothing from you and , in turn , gives back a reasonable amount of action-tainment , so you still come out ahead in the bargain .
This is a flawed but highly enjoyable actioner , bouyed massively by its big-hitting stars and a cheekily dark sense of humour .
If the prospect of seeing Dame Helen letting rip with a ginormous machine gun while dressed to the nines tickles your fancy , give the film a go .
A visually explosive film that leaves little time to catch your breath .
Red is a goofball lament . It 's saying that in the good old days , or at least in the good old movie days , our killers were good-time guys .
Call it the film equivalent of the Traveling Wilbury 's ... a sly caper film that boasts an Oscar laden , all-star veteran cast yet is anything but old and tired .
They 're not too old for this shit .
The novel AARP-action vibe is loose and pleasant , even if the sensitive viewer ca n't help wishing gunplay and murder were n't so easy to accept as escapist entertainment .
... filled with the kind of sprightly paced , lighthearted violence that 's supposed to evoke chuckles but mostly seems under-heated and over-loud .
Typical action-blockbuster stuff , entertaining and mindless , that is elevated by the high-wattage cast .
Yes , it 's silly . But ` Red ' is above-average because it boasts so much serious star power .
The film 's two romances are implausible , the dialogue is drawn out with geriatric pauses and the constant funk soundtrack does little to make sense of a plot more disjointed than Brian Cox 's knees .
I ca n't say I 've warmed much to Bruce Willis films before now . I went to see RED with no expectations , and came out thoroughly cheered .
While it 's a movie richly endowed with big names , you come away imbued with the happy thought that they all left their egos at home .
Director Robert Schwentke sensibly gives his cast free rein but abandons any pretence of credibility as the retirees dodge numerous bullets and rockets . The venerable cast deserved a more intelligent vehicle for their talents .
With its self-deprecating humour , and a hilarious performance from Malkovich , the film -- though it never makes the least bit of sense -- is easy to take , and there are a few snappy lines of dialogue , too .
A fast , funny , smart , adult-oriented action-comedy that generates precisely the kind of giddy vibe The Expendables lacked .
It is Kick-Ass , with Helen Mirren as Hit-Girl .
A high-octane dose of summer-flavored fun , an AARP action film that comes along just in time to add a little levity -- and some serious weaponry -- to Hollywood 's serious-minded fall awards season .
If anything , Red works better as a comedy than as an action film , which automatically makes it better than most of its peers .
RED offers cheap thrills and a few nice gags . It could have been more than that , but the appetite for this stuff is insatiable .
Expendable ? Perhaps . Better RED than dead ? Most definitely .
A daffy but enjoyable action-comedy that assembles some impressive oldie firepower .
Action films with a sense of humor can be the best medicine sometimes at the movies . It 's just that this one has one joke repeated over and over again -- and the one-liners are n't that funny .
No amount of jazzy cool can hide very large problems in the plot department .
A fast-paced romp that severs ties to realism early on and once we suspend our disbelief and put our brains into neutral , the film is a lot of fun .
It 's all a big goof , but it holds together so that you can enjoy the ride rather than wonder if it will ever end .
A solid action comedy , but the flashy visuals and stellar cast ca n't hide what feels like a slightly missed opportunity .
Never tell Hollywood action heroes in their 50s and 60s , that they 're a bit past it .
Schwentke must think his audience is very easily pleased .
An exhilarating and immensely entertaining movie relying on the old battleships of the screen to come out guns blazing for a sunset thriller with exceptionally high stakes
Like the camera , we jump , zoom , flip from one location to the next . The circumstances are far from predictable as is everything that happens in this syncopated film that sizzles
Its silliness becomes wearisome the longer it continues , but I found it as entertaining as , say , Clint Eastwood 's Space Cowboys , and could happily sit through it again .
More playful than The Expendables , more charming than The Losers , Willis and co deliver a warm -- and fun -- actioner that benefits greatly from its seasoned cast .
RED is an efficient and expertly made flick , although it lacks a personal touch from director Robert Schwentke .
It 's very silly and runs out of steam well before the end , though there are one or two gags .
Red may look tantalising on paper , but the end product is nothing to smile about .
The cast are clearly having such an immense amount of fun you really ca n't help but join them .
There 's the occasional twinkle from distinguished performers obviously not taking it too seriously , but this is by and large a waste of their talents .
Red has its moments , including a finale that finally provides the action comedy vibe we expected all along , but it still has to count as a mild disappointment
This action-comedy has a wacky tone that 's entertaining but never involving .
Good fun , and though it breathes hard in the second half , the ensemble has charisma to spare .
What Red lacks in incomprehensible muscle-bound meatheads it makes up for in humour , story and action .
Beneath its light exterior is not only a neat , if unsubtle , political undercurrent but a rebellious streak about how the allure of firing an RPG outweighs the prospect of retirement .
It is the strong cast , which also includes Richard Dreyfuss and Brian Cox , which elevates this film and makes it a fun watch .
It 's a fast-paced action-comedy with strong visual effects and enough spark in the dialogue to be good fun , but its trashy spy novel sensibilities mean the characters and plot will soon be forgotten on leaving the cinema .
Not many actors can get away with switching in and out of character , and yet Willis does it with ease , confident in our love . And we do love Willis .
Director Robert Schwentke adapts Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner 's darker graphic novel and colourfully retools it as a sort of thinking man 's Expendables .
Geezer G-Men gone wild !
This is a case of sheer quality and quantity of acting talent coming to the rescue of a wayward film .
Red Shoots Blanks at Familiar Targets .
While not in the same league as Kick-Ass or Scott Pilgrim vs. the World , Red is still overall a playful and highly entertaining action/comedy .
All the stars are fine and the supporting cast is never less than perfectly adequate . Still , there 's something missing .
It entertains and then goes away , a perfectly ephemeral late-summer time-waster that for God knows what reason , cropped up in mid-autumn .
Say what you want but a group of old pros know how to make an entertaining movie .
Helen Mirren can do no wrong . Give her a sniper rifle and the world is but putty in her hands .
It 's the kind of cast that lends more credence to the material than it deserves .
Red is `` chick noir . ''
It veers between high-octane and dullish moments .
I du n no how a film that climaxes with Helen Mirren wielding a machine gun could be this disappointing . But somehow , R.E.D. pulls it off .
Thanks to terrific performances by Parker , Malkovich , and Willis , and fine directing by Schwentke . I had a smile on my face the entire time .
Gathers a great cast that makes `` The Expendables '' look , well , expendable . This is an extremely funny , action-packed movie in which gimmicks such as Helen Mirren blasting guns do n't grow old .
A smart , slick endeavor that gets added mileage from its cast of seasoned screen vets . How seasoned ? The arithmetic mean of the five top-billed stars ' ages is 59 ; throw 93-year-old Ernest Borgnine into the equation , and the calculator starts to overheat .
Explosions ! Sight gags ! A bald , bombastic Bruce Willis ! But Helen Mirren steals Red every time she opens fire .
Stars four Oscar-winning actors . It 's not every day that you 're able to use ` Helen Mirren ' and ` heavy artillery ' in the same sentence , but Red gives you the opportunity .
The winking , self-reflexive tone mutes any possible emotional investment .
Now this is a fun film ! Okay -- it 's ' not Oscar material , but it has great cast and a lot of action -- and sometimes in this crazy , hectic world , that 's all you need in a movie .
It 's a totally wild ride , full of gun battles , explosions and fisticuffs , liberally sprinkled with the tongue-in-cheek comedy we 've come to expect from Mr. Willis .
The truth is that I should be taking Red to task for a multitude of reasons , but the reality is exactly the opposite . Schwentke 's opus is n't earth-shattering and it certainly wo n't change lives but I still had a great time watching it .
Well-cast action comedy is entertaining -- but very violent .
This is an impressive ensemble for such a slight movie , but in a story so weightless , it might just float away without these performances to keep it grounded .
Proof , if more were needed , that the artistic collision between the aging baby boomers and their comic-book-obsessed progeny makes for some mighty strange , but not unentertaining , bedfellows .
One of those rare action comedies that actually delivers action and comedy , and one where the alleged humor does n't consist merely of wisecracking heroes blowing away cardboard villains .
While the action is good , the movie is n't as cool as it thinks . If you replace Bruce Willis with Gene Hackman , then you have a hit on your hands about these ` old ' agents .
Much of the enjoyment comes from seeing these respected thespians so thoroughly embody cartoon characters ; it 's like Sidney Lumet directing Space Jam .
Retired CIA agents get dragged back into harness , and the is truth is that they could n't be happier in this good-natured action movie spiced up with a dash each of comedy and romance ...
You 're never too old for mayhem .
What really works for Red is our shared history with the actors involved .
Action sequences are just poorly shot . It feels like they took a few comic panels from the book , but you do n't see the effects of a given action .
The kicker is in the casting : Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich , Mary-Louise Parker , Brian Cox and Helen Mirren all come out to play .
Director Robert Schwentke does as much as he can with the cartoonish story and stunts but after a while can no longer maintain the illusion that RED is actually about anything .
Red has ka-booms , rat-a-tat-tats and a wildly extended first date . It 's edgy and fantastically gooey -- and flaunts it .
Old people who kill people are so much cuter than young people who kill people , right ? In a movie like RED , that 's all we need to know .
They had me at Helen Mirren firing automatic weapons .
A fun spin on the spy genre with the seasoned veterans showing up the more inexperienced greenhorns . chances are you 'll be seeing RED once the positive word of mouth hits .
A lengthy procession of geriatric-assassin jokes -LSB- that -RSB- offers a chilling portent of what lies in store should soon-to-be-ex-Governor Schwarzenegger ever return to the big screen .
That 's some serious A-Team physics when you can put upwards of a thousand .50 caliber rounds into a bunch of cars and not even wound anyone .
Instead of remaining true to the much darker graphic novel , `` Red '' goes for the funny bone , using what amounts to wink-and-a-nudge stunt casting that never gets past its own cleverness .
Not that I 'm complaining , mind you . The plot may be as creaky as the knees of its cast members , but as broad , big-budget spy yarns go , this is one that surprisingly does n't require a nip , tuck or lift .
When people this talented get together there 's an expectation of entertainment that this inert comic book adaptation just does n't deliver .
The movie 's biggest pleasure is seeing a bunch of old pros -- Bruce Willis , Morgan Freeman , John Malkovich and Helen Mirren -- having so much fun .
Patience is key when it comes to RED , the latest action ensemble to hit the cinema .
A beautifully executed , slow-motion , guns blazing Bruce Willis ' exit from a spinning cop car proves you are going to have the best time you 'll have in a theater all year .
A retiree exclaims , ` We 're getting the band back together ! ' A band that not only knows how to play the golden oldies ... but consists of them .
There is a breath of fresh air amidst the deadening gunplay ...
Red is an insult to our memories and to our intelligence , an unfunny farce whose veteran cast is cashing a retirement check .
If you 're missing the rush you get from a great , fun summer movie , bundle up , go watch RED and have a blast .
Malkovich 's performance is over-the-top even for him , and Freeman seems to be waiting for a call from his agent .
It 's as if the studio simply assembled a huge pile of money in the middle of the back lot , set it ablaze and started filming . And I wish they had , because it would have been more interesting to watch than this .
It 's a slight movie , but there is pleasure to be had ...
An action comedy as entertaining to watch as it evidently was to make .
Only in Hollywood is someone seriously old at 55 , but this is the underlying thesis of Red , and it works like a well-worn charm .
Red , perhaps the first CIA-AARP flick , fits seniors with grenade launchers instead of slippers . I say it 's about time .
I literally shed a nerd tear because I could not handle the awesome nature of the action sequences in this film . Imagine the Ocean 's films with machine guns .
The one-liners zing right along with the bullets in a playful pas de deux of mayhem , misdirection and mordant humor .
It is possible to have a good time at RED , but it is not a very good movie . It does n't really try to be , and given the present state of the Hollywood economy , this may be a wise choice .
Unfortunately , while Red 's stars may have gotten better with age , its many clichés have not .
What makes this movie so much fun is the cast .
Parker , busy with her TV series Weeds of late , does n't make a lot of movies . So it 's a pleasure to see her tossing off sly asides in the face of danger .
-LSB- Strikes -RSB- a careful balance between quasi-cartoonish shoot-outs and oddball humor , which ranges from droll to silly without ever going too far over the top .
An excruciating bore on screen without a sense of wit , fun or action worth your attention . With Red , Schwentke earns his spot on the not-to-watch list and the Hoebers must be taken into custody and thrown into cinema jail .
In an industry , and in fact a country , that only appreciates youth , it 's nice to see a movie about `` old '' people .
As all-star action romps go , Red does n't reinvent the wheel or anything , but it 's a lot more fun than The Expendables .
The star turns are Red 's raison d'être , with the winking performances filling the place of any credible dramatic tension .
Almost becomes a ca n't miss film because of John Malkovich .
Bruce Willis has n't been given material this solid to work with in years .
Although it 's full of wasted potential , Red is a prime example of a mediocre film elevated by raw star power .
... nothing in Red feels real , just relatively entertaining .
`` RED '' is a smart , well directed action film that counts among its cast an incredible fourteen Academy Award nominations and four Awards .
Is it possible for a film starring Willis , Freeman , Malkovich and Mirren to be bad ? Maybe , but put machine guns and grenade launchers in theirs hands and you 're home free .
Dame Helen Mirren looks like Martha Stewart on the outside but Rambo on the inside ; you wo n't see anything sexier this year than Mirren wielding an automatic weapon .
OK , so this is not exactly Shakespeare or even David Mamet . It 's more like Mad magazine 's `` Spy vs. Spy '' on crystal meth , or a geriatric `` Kick-Ass . ''
There 's fun to be had with Mirren 's Victoria and , even more so , John Malkovich 's weird , LSD flashbacking Marvin Boggs , but the plot is pretty humdrum and the film ultimately forgettable .
If the story made more sense and the humor were more abundant , this could have been a bona-fide winner . Instead it falls smack in the realm of forgettably mediocre .
Having lost all intrigue by the sub-standard third act , the picture becomes a sluggish chore that takes far too long to reach its dopey finish .
Who knew Helen Mirren would be all sorts of awesome with an Uzi ? We did .
While not perfect , RED is the popcorn film of the fall season , not to mention more entertaining than most of the pictures from what was a pathetic summer .
Red is n't edifying , ennobling , or artful . It 's just an utterly satisfying combination of big kicks , cheap thrills and real laughs .
Just as inexhaustibly stupid and utterly routine as any number of John Cena , Paul Walker or Vin Diesel vehicles those young whipper-snappers eat up .
How it all ends up is significantly less interesting than how they get there . It 's a hoot to watch the elegant Mirren shift from high heels to combat boots , as she gamely goes from arranging flowers to being locked and loaded .
An amusing action-movie romp , ` RED ' boasts a stellar ensemble that makes up for its director 's deficiencies .
It 's not that it does n't have effective moments , it 's that it does n't have as many as it thinks it does . The film 's inescapable air of glib self-satisfaction is not only largely unearned , it 's downright irritating .
Though the actors are all , in theory , welcome company , this ensemble never really gels .
It 's halfway between comedy and action , and it does n't quite work as either .
Give me Helen Mirren with a semi-automatic weapon and Morgan Freeman smiling , `` We 're getting the band back together , '' and I will happily settle back and enjoy the popcorn .
RED positively dares you not to have a good time .
Red is never quite the kick-in-the-pants that it should be .
Although there 's no dearth of spectacular gunplay and fisticuffs in Robert Schwentke 's light-hearted actioner , what makes RED really rock is old-fashioned movie-star style .
What might have been a guilty-pleasure romp is hobbled by poor direction , sloppy pacing , and a story line that ca n't decide whether it 's farce or a retread .
This is a capable , experienced cast with extensive acting chops , and it 's trashy fun watching them descend to the level of the material , which has Mirren in a sleek ball gown , capably letting rip with a 50-caliber machine gun ...
Attitude is what drives this movie from its opening sequence through to the turning point
What The Expendables could have been .
Too long , too busy , too loud , and too reliant on slam-bang stunt work , Red 's glib dialogue and sinister government scenarios begin to wear .
The movie 's goal , shrewdly , is to see how much fun its collection of Oscar nominees and winners can have playing the Over the Hill Gang of espionage . Plenty , as it turns out .
Like boarding a sinfully designed roller coaster that keeps breaking down during the frantic ride ... a picture with incredible concentration to surface details , but a turgid bore in the suspense realm .
The ensemble is terrific . These are pros at work here , and they not only show up the new action-star punks but prove they 're far from expendable .
What it lacks in originality , it makes up for in Helen Mirren with a gun , which should be a requirement of all movies from now on .
RED really had the chops to go the distance . Somewhere along the line , it wandered off the path .
Red starts to devolve into nonsense well before it takes advantage of the many things it has going for it .
RED is an average shoot - 'em - up except for the wrinkled fingers pulling triggers ... as if the AARP issued licenses to kill .
Laced with enough laughs to make this work as both an action ride , and a comedy . Mirren and Malkovich steal the show .
A pitch-perfect parody of over-the-hill action heroes nails and sustains the right tone throughout . Of course , when you 've got Helen Mirren stationed behind a mounted machine gun , how can you fail ?
Of all the washed-up washed-out over-the-hill too-old-for-this-sh * t action-hero movies we 've had thrown at us this year ... Red is by far the most amusing , the most clever , the most tongue-in-cheek , the most fun ...
This geriatric spy caper provides a showcase for a gray ensemble that 's obviously enjoying themselves , but they 're having more fun than we are .
RED stands for `` Retired , Extremely Dangerous , '' though `` Reasonably Entertaining Diversion '' works too .
RED is neither a good movie nor a bad one . It features actors we like doing things we wish were more interesting .
The low-energy , high-boredom Red is exactly like every other spy movie , except the spies are older .
Helen Mirren in evening wear and combat boots blazing away at the bad guys and looking like the epitome of sophistication while she 's doing it . What else do you need to know ?
None of it holds together if you think about it too much , but the movie works because , for the most part , you 're never tempted to .
Lives up to the talent involved , using the eccentric ensemble to elevate a loopy action-comedy-romance .
This latest adaptation of a hip graphic novel fails to fill in the spaces between the action with anything terribly interesting .
Red is n't a great movie , but it 's great fun , and if that sounds like damning with faint praise , you take things too seriously .
... a star-studded , action-packed , loaded-with-laughs , great time !
As an exercise for movie stars of a certain age , it sure outclasses The Expendables .
Compared to such generic , flashy duds as Knight and Day or The Expendables , Red goes down like a flute of fine champagne . Here 's how it 's done , youngsters .
Red is an agreeable piffle , a fun action/comedy that 's silly without being moronic .
Red instead exhibits all the get-up-and-go of a grandpa on the verge of an afternoon nap .
A spunky comic action drama about a colorful band of old timers called out of retirement to help an old buddy , a former CIA agent .
Highly enjoyable comic action-thriller with a sense of humor about itself ... holds your interest while alternately thrilling and amusing , without insulting your intelligence .
Not to be confused with the early - '90s Kieslowski film of the same name . Definitely not .
There 's fun to be had watching Willis and Parker banter , and listening to Malkovich toss off arrhythmically timed one-liners .
One of the most enjoyable things I 've seen this year , and I would absolutely recommend it .
Classiest . Comic . Book . Movie . Ever .
Here 's another pound of proof supporting the theorem that `` story is about thoroughness , not shortcuts . ''
Rowdy espionage by over-the-hill undercover hotheads that is less about belligerent bragging rights , than generation gap self-parody . And a PG rated Willis initiated phone sex sidebar for unrequited lovebirds , in prolonged perverse celibate CIA desire .
This is an amusing crowd-pleaser , pitting wisdom and experience against youthful arrogance and gullibility .
No one gets hurt , okay ? See ? He 's just faking his death . Now let 's get you some cocoa and a DVD of Miss Congeniality 2 .
Schwentke keeps things light : light on big laughs , light on unique action set pieces and light on any sense that these game but retired spies are too old for this crap .
Red might just be the best romantic comedy of the year .
Red is long , predictable , derivative , and without doubt one of the most entertaining experiences to be had in a cinema this year .
The film is not entirely successful in evoking the goofy , satirical tone of the DC comic source material , but it 's an entertaining fare for adults , benefiting immensely from its vet and skillful cast .
Once it works its way up to a certain volume -- jaunty , one-dimensional , unserious mayhem -- it stays there , forever .
Gripping smalltown thriller , with a strong script , superb direction and a terrific central performance from Brian Cox . Fully deserves its place in the Best of the Fest line-up .
Schwentke and his cast have taken some decent enough source material and polished into a small gem .
An engaging , well-made action comedy that benefits from the talents of its decidedly mature cast members , even if it unspools with a pace better suited to their generation than the moviegoers that grew up watching their earlier movies .
An amusing , light-footed caper about a team of aging CIA veterans rudely forced out of retirement .
Although tailor-made for genre fans , it benefits from flavors of humor and romance that keep its appeal from being fanboy-only .
If you do n't smile at the image of a stunningly beautiful Dame Helen Mirren , resplendent in a gorgeous white gown , plowing down gunmen with her 50 mm caliber tripod mounted gun , then you simply ca n't be helped .

@highlight

It may not be the killer thrill ride you 'd expect from an action movie with a cast of this caliber , but Red still thoroughly outshines most of its big-budget counterparts with its wit and style .