There 's not a lot of originality to this film .
Touching and hilarious Jennifer Garner romcom .
Jennifer Garner breaks character by forgetting that she 's playing an awkward 13-year-old girl in a 30-year-old woman 's body in this girly comedy
Naive as its young heroine , but also as good-natured . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
The sheer predictability of the plot means it does n't really stand up to the scrutiny of anyone older than 15 .
A radiant woman looking like she 's having the time of her life makes up for a lot of inconsistencies .
A rehash of familiar material , but the engaging Garner is charismatic enough to make it magical .
While -LSB- it 's -RSB- the Keystone Light of Vice Versa movies , it also annoyingly adds itself to the ever-growing list of movies that think being kitschy about the 1980s is funny .
Alias superspy Jennifer Garner makes the most of her first starring role and discovers that love -- and navigating adult life -- really is a battlefield .
Hypocritically smears the very mascara it wears .
` Garner es simple y sencillamente adorable , mostrando que puede llegar a convertirse en una verdadera súper estrella '
Sickeningly cute , surprisingly energetic and alarmingly clever .
No es extraño que las niñas suelan colocarse rellenos para simular una mejor figura ... o parecerse a Jennifer Garner .
13 Going on 30 does work , thanks to its sprightly script and brisk direction and some priceless feel-good moments .
The greatest asset is Garner , who invests Jenna with disarming winsomeness and loads of klutzy teen-like charm
Garner and Ruffalo take an average script and deliver a nice teen movie that harks back to the genre 's golden years in the 1980s .
13 Going on 30 , flyaway though it is , has heart and modest craft where other , similar movies just have plot mechanics .
It may not be an affront to most parents ' standards in terms of content , but its intellectual offensiveness is obvious .
Hopelessly predictable , with a gong-worthy deus-ex-machina dénouement to appease those darn test screeners
Leaves you feeling cheated and a bit cynical about the whole experience .
Romantic comedy hits a new low , and my stomach bile hits a new high .
The picture is a metaphor for a runway -LRB- to display Garner 's model proportions -RRB- .
Blessed with sharply written dialog and vivid characters , even when the plot drifts into a swamp of mushy cliches .
Por que contar a história de uma menina que se torna adulta se isto não será explorado pelo filme ?
-LSB- Mark -RSB- Ruffalo and -LSB- Jennifer -RSB- Garner look great together , and you get the feeling they like one another . That goes a long way toward selling a romantic comedy .
Garner 's sparkle elevates 13 Going on Thirty to the level of passable entertainment
If you could roll up all the things that concern a 13-year-old -LRB- from the 1980 's -RRB- and put them into a 30-year-old , well then you 'd pretty much have this film .
Winning narrative challenges of having other characters reveal her to herself , & building our empathy from the performances of the young leads . Surprising & lovely .
Yet Garner shines , and with a deft supporting cast of comedically talented character actors and assured direction by director Gary Winick -LRB- The Tic Code -RRB- , 13 Going on 30 comes up pretty much a winner .
Director Gary Winick 's concept is so strained you can see the stretch marks .
Makes `` Mean Girls '' look downright evil in comparison . Still , beneath the fluff , there 's a measure of insight here - and a few laughs .
Garner is great but the movie is a `` Big-let , '' a smaller version of `` Big ''
Despite a recycled plot , and cop-out ending , film is a delightful charmer that works exceptionally well thanks to an endearing performance by Jennifer Garner .
Everything falls out in an easily predicted manner and in the end does n't seem to matter .
The versatile star of Alias is irresistible here .
There are the makings of a decent movie here ... Unfortunately , initial promise eventually gives way to the cliché ending , like we were all pretty sure it would .
Nearly perfect in its own cotton-candy way .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- observant of the distance between children and adults , and has radiant work from Garner and Ruffalo , as romantically conflicted characters that for once seem human .
Like Hanks in Big , and Jamie Lee Curtis in Freaky Friday , Jennifer Garner is funny and endearing ...
No question : 13 Going on 30 could have aimed higher , but it hits the target at which it carefully points .
The film wins you over with its sweetness .
-LSB- Garner is -RSB- buoyant and clearly having a great time . Too bad the filmmakers did n't put any more than the most cursory attempt into building any kind of plot around her .
Her boss at the fashion magazine is none other than Gollum himself : `` Tricksie subscriberses ! Increased circulation and pass-along , we wants it ! ''
There 's a genuine and giddy warmth that makes this charming feminine teen tale into awkward womanhood feel like an uplifting , whimsical experience
Merely adequate ... -LSB- the film -RSB- has a plot so old it probably came over on the Mayflower .
Totally grody !
The film is mildly diverting , with Garner doing a good pass at being a 13-year-old in an adult 's body .
I thought this would be a rip-off of `` Freaky Friday . '' Was I ever wrong .
... Garner 's performance effectively keeps things interesting , even when the film is going through the motions ...
Like a petulant 13-year-old , I 'm still pouting over my disappointment .
Whether you 're 13 , 30 or any other age , this film is a waste of time .
13 Going On 30 is the kind of movie in which the writers and director think a cute idea will carry the day .
It 's a pleasant surprise that the movie holds up as well as it does for as long as it does .
Rick Springfield was a punch line by ' 83 ; Michael Jackson was in his `` Bad '' phase in 1987 . No wonder Jenna 's such a dork - her MTV is five years behind everyone else 's .
Whenever the movie veers toward ... complexity , it abruptly turns tail and runs , trailed by a cloud of '80s power-pop songs .
It 's the ultimate extreme makeover ... but the result is another good-looking clone without much individuality or character .
What could have been an engaging , maybe even enlightening story about the unfairly high price a woman pays for conducting herself like a man winds up as nothing more than a worthless , harmless and ultimately charmless piffle .
You are asked , no , required , to overlook the film 's lack of originality and concentrate instead on the charms of Jennifer Garner .
Jennifer Garner stars in a romantic comedy with Mark Ruffalo that reminds you of Tom Hanks movie `` Big '' .
A film whose far-fetched foundation is overshadowed by the endearing story .
If 13 Going on 30 is n't exactly original , it 's still reasonably cool , thanks to Garner 's uninhibited portrayal of a nerd trapped in a Sex and the City body , and to the inspired casting of Mark Ruffalo as the grown-up Matt .
This sprightly coming-of-age-too-soon comedy rises above its derivative concept by virtue of a well-cast ensemble and Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa 's quick-witted screenplay .
A lot fresher than its premise , largely because of the terrific casting .
You find yourself rooting for -LSB- Garner and Ruffalo -RSB- , despite the predictability of the premise .
Provides a lighthearted , amusing and yet mostly honest version of a daydream most of us have had at one time or another .
Although director Gary Winick can put a smile on such stuff , and dispose of actors without trashing them , the script is a vapor mist of rinky-dinks .
Disarming fun as it trails a little girl who almost learns too late what 's important in life and tries to correct mistakes that her older self made .
The awkwardness of adolescence is timeless , and regardless of your age , you 'll find something -- or many things -- to love in 13 Going on 30 .
Essentially a facsimile , and feels throughout like a movie content to imitate and borrow .
When we first spy suburban washout Jenna Rink at the age of 13 , the year is supposedly 1987 -- yet she 's madly in love with Rick Springfield and has memorized the choreography to ` Thriller . '
It 's nice to know that , Hanks or Garner , male or female , Big is still an idea that works , 16 years after it opened .
Frothier than the sweetest drink at Starbuck 's and deft in the slapstick department , the actress turns a generic female version of Big into a raucously charming teen fairy tale .
It 's a surprisingly charming and fresh comedy that only becomes painfully saccharine in its last 20 minutes .
Garner is so appealing as Jenna ... that she almost makes you forget you 've already seen Tom Hanks endure similar travails in 1988 's Big .
Makes no emotional or narrative sense .
Miraculously Garner survives all this , giving a vibrant performance that actually does suggest an awkward teenager in a 30-year-old 's body .
The script by Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa is clever and Winick 's direction and tone is breezy .
It 's not silly enough to be a youth comedy and not sophisticated enough to be a satisfying adult movie .
The lanky action star of the cult television series Alias is assigned a tired playbook in this film , but she finds room to manoeuvre in a performance that exceeds expectations .
An engaging and wholly preposterous gumdrop of a film .
It turns out Garner is a natural comedian with real presence . And , ultimately , her convincing performance is what makes 13 Going on 30 watchable .
It 's cute , occasionally funny , and sweetly sentimental . Score some points guys , take your chick to this chick-flick .
Often 13 Going on 30 's pleasures are n't deep so much as they are the trained responses to a push of our MTV-programmed buttons .
You buy the magic because it comes with the territory . What I could n't buy was the world of the magazine office , and the awkward scenes in which high-powered professionals do n't seem to notice that they 're dealing with a 13-year-old mind .
It 's looking for comedy and romance in the obvious places .
Once you get past its inherent marshmallow fluffiness ... 13 Going on 30 does provide some genuinely diverting moments .
Even when its laughs are n't as -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- big as they should be , ' 13 ' does n't lose the audience , and that 's mostly because its leading lady is so much fun to watch .
As Jenna , Garner embodies a joy that 's all too rare on recent movie screens , in adults or kids .
Thank you Jennifer Garner . You made a thoroughly mediocre movie a bit better than it has any right to be
Jennifer Garner takes the stock moments found in all of these movies - the first kiss , for example - and makes them charming and funny .
You do n't have to be 13 or 30 to have fun with this entertaining escape .
Lacks even one scene people will be talking about when today 's 13-year-olds are 30 .
You wo n't stop expecting Tom Hanks to jump in and dance out ` Chopsticks ' on the big flat piano on the floor ...
Garner 's performance is uplifting . She 's been touted recently as yet another possible heir to Julia Roberts ' throne , and her attainable girl-next-door quality makes it 's plain to see why .
Though the film is less substantial and less magical than Big , it still frames an exuberant , often-funny performance by Garner .
a harmless bit of fluff that will do much to consolidate Ms Garner 's big screen status even while it 's distinctly not blazing any new cinematic trails
Just when you think there is nothing left to mine in the body-switch genre , 13 Going on 30 is an unexpected pleasure , a buoyant comedy that will make you feel young again .
Like the song -LSB- ` Thriller ' -RSB- , the movie strikes an overly familiar chord . But it 's an infectious one .
Likable two-for-one combo of Big and Regarding Henry offers stars whose charms help cover up script flaws .
Whenever -LSB- Garner 's -RSB- on screen you do n't want to look anywhere else .
Garner makes the most of her chance to shine here ... Mark Ruffalo is also charming , and it 's their sweetness that gives this otherwise ho-hum flick any distinction .
A spirited comedy of complications whose derivative plot is bolstered by worthy messages , quaint '80s nostalgia and agreeable mush .
13 Going on 30 manages to worm its way into the hearts of even the most cynical moviegoers .
No matter what your age , this one is hard to resist .
God knows , a thirteen-year-old would have more sense . But that age is too sophisticated for dreck like this .
Garner looks really nice , and that 's the only thing that kept me from bolting out of the theatre like I had diarrhea .
Another flick that makes you want to read the first draft of the screenplay to see exactly how much of it was sanitized for your delicate sensibilities .
Takes the creative concepts of Big and turns them into a patently phony comedy .
Winick 's exuberant direction and Jennifer Garner 's infectious performance ... almost obscure just how trite and inconsequential this movie is
Amusing , charming and pleasantly nostalgic .
While essentially a retread of Big , what keeps this body-switch comedy going is the director 's love for actors , and his refusal to judge them by the characters they play .
As fantasy-formulaic as 13 Going on 30 is , writers Josh Goldmith and Cathy Yuspa ... have n't bothered to work out the sort of details that transport us too .
The writing team of Cathy Yuspa and Josh Goldsmith do n't work hard enough to be consistent .
Garner is supposed to have a teenage mentality , but she marches around with preternaturally good posture and speaks her lines as if she 's still auditioning for the part .
Garner gives her all , which is n't enough to salvage the movie 's early scenes , full of too-familiar situations and stereotypes .
Ms. Garner 's performance is what sticks with you . She 's hilarious , warm and cool .
-LSB- Garner -RSB- is appearing in her first comedy since Dude , Where 's My Car ? And she seems to be having such a good time doing it that we ca n't help but be drawn in .
Unlike Hanks in Big , there 's little consistency to -LSB- Garner 's -RSB- character .
Garner is a delight , a completely accessible personality in completely forbidding clothes .
Subplots make the story feel labored , as if no one wanted to confront what it actually feels like to be a kid trapped in an adult 's life .
It 's an appealing package and , like Julia Roberts or Meg Ryan , Garner seems designed for romantic comedies because we like her and want the best for her .
Garner 's heretofore unexploited comedic prowess is what catapults 13 Going on 30 from passably entertaining to highly watchable .
Jennifer Garner , in her first romantic comedy , sparkles in this must-see date film .
The thirtysomething in me was all , gag me with a spoon , but the kid in me was like , this movie 's rad to the max .
For lack of an actual film to remake , Hollywood 's fallback position is to concoct a hybrid cannibalization of not one , but several , past successes -- in this case , Big , Back to the Future , Peggy Sue Got Married and It 's a Wonderful Life .
The movie is as flighty and mixed up as the adolescent girl at its center .
What makes it work is Garner , who is touching and hilarious . She is open and vulnerable but lightly and with charm . Even the walk is just right , all shoulders , not hips .
... like a game of reverse dress-up , in which an adult mugs about unconvincingly in the clothes of a little kid .
A gender-bended Big with a Sex and the City gloss .
Yes , 13 Going on 30 is a rip-off of Tom Hanks 's Big , but it has its own merits and charm -LRB- that 's what the lawyers will be arguing when they get sued -RRB- .
This is a strange sort of comedy where the big jokes do n't work but the little ones do .
Once the movie gets going , it 's funny , resonant , and magical in the same way Big was .
Without -LRB- Garner -RRB- , 13 Going on 30 just would n't have the same charm . With her , it 's magic .
`` 13 Going On 30 '' makes no apologies for being a carbon copy of 1988 's `` big , '' although it 's inevitable that most audiences will wish that it did .
Did n't really suck and sold me on its lead relationship between Garner and the great Mark Ruffalo .
Does n't have an original bone in its narrative body , but coasts through on a large dose of Jennifer Garner charm .
On the surface it 's not a lot more than Big with boobs , but the film has an agreeable charm and considerably more emotional resonance than its obvious inspiration .
Garner manages a natural sweetness that sells Jenna 's inherent adolescence , and her wide-mouthed grin wipes the grime off of the simplistic script
Jennifer Garner 's performance is sweet , bouncy , innocent and absolutely irresistible .
Fans of Garner 's , of which there are many , might find it cute and funny . I did not .
A sprightly surprise ... a girl 's wish-fulfillment fantasy that 's engaging rather than trying , a chick flick that even their dates can enjoy .
So engaging and ultimately so sweet that it 's difficult not to get swept up in the fun and sentimentality .
The movie may not be as good , uplifting , or perceptive as Big , but it 's one of the better teen girl-themed films of the year , and can be enjoyed by viewers of either gender in any age group .
Though Jennifer Garner has a huge fan club , she 's not a particularly appealing actress in a movie that nonetheless has its moments .
Should be a monster hit with tween girls but should have wide appeal as did Freaky Friday , another similar picture .
A great rollicking romp about second chances and turning back time . Jennifer Garner is particularly delicious in her exuberant innocence . She 's a natural comedienne .
Jennifer Garner makes the transition from cult-fave TV action icon to full-fledged , ultra-charismatic feature lead in 13 Going on 30 .
Thanks to a snappy script by Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa and an effervescent performance by Jennifer Garner , this romantic comedy has a buoyant personality .
In 13 Going on 30 , women are allowed happiness , but only if they choose the right man .
















@highlight

The plot 's nothing new , but Garner shows a lovable flair for romantic comedies .