Sure , The Notebook 's story of first love tends toward the histrionic and self-important . But if that 's case , perhaps Cassavetes , like Shakespeare , simply knows how to give the people what they want .
If you ever want to see a flawless example of a movie which is redeemed from mediocrity solely through the cast , there is hardly a better one than this .
Bland and sentimental , The Notebook is old-fashioned filmmaking aimed at an old-fashioned audience . Kleenex essential .
The connection between the two narratives is supposed to be a big , heartbreaking surprise , though I figured it out well in advance and spent the interim unfavorably comparing this greatest-generation hanky wringer to the British drama Iris .
Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams spark cinematically everlasting magic in a romance that 's no tawdry Harlequin hay-roll . `` The Notebook '' excels most when contemplating love 's obligations and responsibilities , that unique balance of fire and calm .
A very engrossing and entertaining sudsy romance with top notch performances .
for someone who loves these sorts of stories , it would be a fantastic movie
I prepared myself for a tearjerker ; what I did n't prepare for was an outright gusher .
... one of contemporary cinema 's most compelling and flat-out indelible love stories .
A potently rich story about the power of love , The Notebook is heartbreakingly beautiful and achingly real .
Ssomehow Cassavetes pulls it off -- thanks mainly to sensitive performances and pretty Hallmark-card cinematography by Robert Fraisse .
A sentimental film filled with flashbacks and clichés .
A thoughtful , emotionally rich film in which we see that great love , like deep faith , is forged on doubt , trials , and hardships . Only then does it deliver its deepest rewards .
I can not believe I 'm about to recommend a movie as clogged with melodramatic treacle as Nick Cassavetes ' adaptation of The Notebook .
... one gets the sense that director Nick Cassevetes and writer Jan Sardi would spray the audience with teargas if they could .
Um romance sensível e emocionante que leva o espectador a se importar com o destino de seus tocantes personagens .
Whether someone can enjoy The Notebook or not depends much of the mood in which the viewers find themselves .
It 's an interesting piece of counter programming on New Line 's part , the only question is why did n't it go direct to cable ?
Two parts idiotic romance , one part offensive melodrama .
A fine tale that will leave romantics everywhere misty eyed .
* There 's nothing about The Notebook that is n't either lazy or dismissive of its audience .
A mawkish romance ; one of the year 's 10 worst
I see several films a week , year after year . Once in a great while I see one that I know will stay with me for the rest of my life . That 's The Notebook .
One of those films you want to like and want to keep watching because it looks so pretty .
The real two joys of the film are Garner and Rowlands .
It 's a vat of sticky sentimentality that demands pretty strenuous swimming .
The photography is lush but the main plot line of the rich girl and the country boy is just too familiar and cliched .
How rare to see a film that says there is still a value system out there , that being thoughtful and caring is not uncool .
-LSB- A -RSB- glorified simplification of adolescence and an excrutiatingly precious recreation of WWII-era Americana .
Its first 15-20 minutes are awful , but the film eventually emerges as a credible and even genuinely heartrending tearjerker .
If trailers to Cassavetes ' unashamed tearjerker seem interminable , try sitting through the contrived sentimental sap of the two-hour-plus film .
Like a summer wedding , you attend and root and try your best not to snicker .
Whenever the kids are on the screen , you keep wishing that they 'd send the grown-ups back in .
If you 're looking for an adventure in summer camp , pencil in The Notebook .
Well-done , well-acted schmaltz , a beautifully shot melodrama that overcomes its contrivances by striking just the right romantic tone .
Gosling and McAdams sizzle with romantic chemistry , and they give standout performances .
Despite the occasional flaw , The Notebook is a well acted , beautifully photographed 1940s romance .
What a glorious weepie The Notebook might have been if they 'd just found a way to get rid of the damned notebook .
An uncomplicated , nicely shot tale that ticks all the right boxes for those after a good old-fashioned weepy .
Despite the obvious clichés and predictable story lines , the movie manages to work because the actors made it work .
Ladies , leave the guys at home for this one .
More like a carefully packaged commercial for America in the 1940s than a film about it .
This film tries to evoke the 1940s but never quite finds the right tone , coming off instead like a big costume party .
The movie not only approaches a level of shamelessness you have to see to disbelieve , it does it in a manner that 's both inept and crass .
Achieves its purpose of emotional manipulation that will likely pay off handsomely at the boxoffice with all those folks who are only too happy to soak a few hankies .
A magnificently effective tearjerker .
This is an ideal date movie with some touching romantic stuff going down .
Watching the young lovers rowing on a duck-filled pond is about as exciting as this film ever gets .
One of the best love stories of recent years .
Melodramatic mush ... there 's not much worth jotting down in Notebook that would invite lovers of all ages to revel in the sugar-tooth cliches of this drowsy , drippy drama
It 's important that I mention travel-size tissue packs .
Sap is sap , but The Notebook 's cast renders the dual love stories worthy of our affections
Even though we 've seen these types of characters before , this group of actors makes them feel interesting and unique .
Real-life love stories rarely work out quite so faultlessly , but for two hours it 's nice to believe that they could .
May be one hundred percent sap , but its spirit is anything but cloying , thanks to persuasive performances , most notably from Rachel McAdams .
This is a movie that is n't ashamed to wring each teardrop by any means necessary .
Cassavetes ' film is unusually well-acted and lovely to look at , but his wholehearted embrace of saccharine melodrama and tendency to let scenes ramble on long after their point has been expressed makes for some slow going .
Our resistance is broken down , and the hankies are out .
It 's all sweet and gooey and absolutely predictable , in a bland TV-movie sort of way , with an ending so shameless it should come with an apology .
An old-fashioned and occasionally schmaltzy movie that delivers an emotional wallop sure to elicit tears from all but those with truly intractable hearts .
The movie may be highly disposable , but the individual scenes of Gosling and McAdams just acting and just connecting are wonderful to watch .
Shamelessly manipulative , utterly predictable and often laughably maudlin , this earnest tearjerker is also strangely watchable , like one of those afternoon soap operas that hook you , even though you know it 's a glossy piece of hokum .
Sincere , charming performers can overcome a lot , and -LSB- McAdams 's and Gosling 's -RSB- rapport cuts through much of the schmaltz , er , special moments of light .
There are weepies and weepies . And The Notebook may be the most effective one in nearly a decade -- since the film version of The Bridges of Madison County .
The movie 's dragged down by a droopy male lead , narration that would sound saccharine in a bad airport paperback , music the filmmakers lean on like a car horn and an insulting , inconsistent approach to elderly dementia .
Much like an awkward but well-intentioned suitor , the movie inspires affection despite its overwrought script and occasionally clunky staging .
Well worth the risk of diabetic shock for the sake of superb acting that transcends its teary milieu .
Two hours of the worst sort of sentimental sap .
In addition to being a tearjerker , The Notebook is an entertaining , human story that explores relationships from many angles .
Men hardly need to be warned that this is basically just Titanic without anything cool like a ship sinking or Kate Winslet posing for art .
For those of even a moderately cynical bent , The Notebook is likely to induce apoplectic choking .
To fight it is foolish . It 's much easier and far more rewarding just to give in and let Cassavetes and his cast play you like a harp .
A maudlin sap-fest that overwhelms the fine cast and reduces many of their scenes to sheer manipulation , not illuminating drama .
Meant to be a romantic weepy , and you will shed tears -- but only from the consistent and exhausting effort of trying to control your gag reflex .
Cheesy ? Totally . But totally moving as well .
A small , smart film filled with heart .
It just feels so routine , and director Nick Cassavetes ' pacing is so sluggish the film feels longer than it is .
Cue the sensitive piano . Make the settings picturesque . Add a corny narration , and let the love boat sail .
One of the shallowest movies in recent memory .
Now here is a story that could have been a tearjerker , but -- no , wait , it is a tearjerker , it 's just that it 's a good one .
Considering the sunny , relatively pleasurable romantic business that precedes it , the elderly stuff seems dark , morbid , and forced upon us .
Tells a tale we 've heard hundreds of times before , yet pretends it will surprise us . It does n't .
Sap . Sucker . Crybaby . Pantywaist . Go ahead and call me whatever name you want . I 'm still recommending the weepy and unabashedly square romantic drama `` The Notebook . ''
Precisely the horrible kind of heart-wrenching pabulum that 's been milked damn near dry by countless other so-called `` timeless '' cinematic tales of passion .
The movie 's heart is bursting , but it 's still in the right place .
The reason to consider catching this is to watch the terrific performance by Rachel McAdams .
`` The Notebook '' is a story for those who believe that love is the most powerful force in the universe ... or for those who merely want to .
The movie 's main problem is that it exerts so much effort coddling the pushovers , and does so little to make itself accessible to those with harder hearts .
A simple and incredibly romantic film that will thrill its target audience ; women .
Puppy lovers are allowed to slobber every once in a while , and the slight sins of this heartwarmer are easily forgiven .
Garner and Rowlands are so effortlessly wonderful that they make The Notebook worth seeing .
Sparks ' story and Cassavetes ' heavy-handed direction sends The Notebook into something mechanical and gooey , like it had been artificially sweetened
A sweet old-fashion love story that may inspire you to go home and start taking notes .
See Noah and Allie lie in a darkened intersection , scrambling for safety when a car comes ! See Allie on the porch wrapped in a sheet enjoying post-coital nude oil painting !
A dumb , slightly annoying pile of glop .
Electric leads ca n't juice up cliche-ridden adaptation of Nicholas Sparks best-seller .
Drearily uninspired . I suspect the couples who would enjoy it thoroughly would equally enjoy sitting at home and gazing into each other 's eyes for two hours .
A gifted cast was bogged down by a treacly tale .
It represents , in a completely uncynical form , a genre that has been so absent from American cinema for so long that a large , loved-starved audience is out there that 's sure to have a weepy good time with it .
Cassavetes is n't much of a director and he never settles on a mood , which he seems intent on ruining with hiccups of goofiness . But there 's an underlying humanity to his scenes , a sense that movies are made by people for other people .
McAdam has an infective on-screen presence
who knew the skinhead of The Believer would have such romantic chemistry with the lead Mean Girl ?
Sweet and sentimental with a feel for the period in which the romance takes place .
You ca n't write off The Notebook as just another tearjerker because the characters are brought to life in such elegant fashion .
Against your better judgment , you root for the pair to beat the odds against them .
If you found The Bridges of Madison County too demanding , if you like your romance with an extra helping of syrup , then your movie has arrived .
Sentimental hogwash , but it 's hogwash with an insidious power .
If there is a more cringe-inducing , badly made and excruciating movie released this year , it would have to not only star the Olsen twins , but be written and directed by them as well .
Garner is especially moving in his tender devotion to this hopeless case , and McAdams gives the kind of vivid , unfettered performance that marks the ascendance of a star .
Garner has a supporting role in The Notebook , but he 's such a pleasure to watch that he elevates the quality of the entire film .
It 's a familiar theme , the young , hormone-crazed , star-crossed lovers , and it would n't be nearly so entertaining were it not for the considerable appeal of Gosling and McAdams , who forge a palpable chemistry .
If its performers do not always triumph over their material , it 's a struggle that they make worth watching .
If it were a sandwich , it would be two slices of bread without filling . If it were a bridge , it would be two anchorages without a suspension in between . Nice anchorages , though .
A very soggy movie .
It will have many viewers bucketing tears until they are as dehydrated as Egyptian mummies .
Cassavetes 's directing style is slow and stilted ... indicating yet again that his notion of moviemaking is the opposite of everything his father , the great John Cassavetes , stood for .
This film vaults past our defenses . We can see the characters falling and staying in love , feel the reasons .
Succeeds well enough on its own terms .
Cassavettes wants this to be a love letter to Rowlands , his mother . She is luminous , and we believe she could inspire great love . Too bad it 's not in a great movie .
McAdams is a breath of fresh air in a movie full of hot air
I 'd be hard-pressed to imagine why anyone not in need of a fix of 1950s Ross Hunter soap opera would want to see this handsome , but deadly film .
The movie believes that Alzheimer 's can take away everything but love . I do n't know if that 's true , but I do n't see any harm in believing it is .
The Notebook explores the ways in which class separates two soul mates who are in love and compels them to dance on the razor 's edge .
if you 're the sort who enjoys shedding -LSB- tears -RSB- in darkened theaters , your must-see summer movie has arrived .
Screenwriter Jeremy Leven does n't write a genuine love story as much as he types out his idealized -- and misguided -- version of what a genuine love story should be .
The Notebook is one of the most romantic movies of our generation ! Rachel McAdams and Ryan Gosling are positively electric ... READ ON - >
From the first soft piano that accompanies white geese flying toward a humongous orange sunset , The Notebook racks up the sugary clichés till you 're screaming for mercy .
If not for some inspired moments of breathtaking beauty and heartfelt performances , it would just be one of those tired love stories that you quickly forget .
A shining example of how great acting can overcome even the worst script .
performances ca n't lift the cursory , stagy dialogue out of the muck .
Manages to touch a chord , even if it 's a minor one .
It 's not every day that you see a movie based on a Billy Joel song , it just seems like it .
My eyes rolled so far back in my head , I actually saw my brain . And my brain was really pissed off about having to sit through pap like this .
It 's an interesting and emotional movie , but a simple one
John Cassavetes changed the face of American film . Why does his son Nick seem so hell-bent on changing it back ?
The minutes of Allie and Noah 's magical hysteria tour are duly recorded in the titular ledger-cum - framing device .
its lack of originality is more than made up for by the story 's patience , sincerity , and the vivid chemistry of leads Gosling and McAdams
Cassavetes directs this manipulative flummery with a crushingly heavy hand ... Even if you yearn for an old-fashioned tearjerker , you should write off ` The Notebook . '
In its inability to effectively develop the modern aspect of the story , it fails to throw the tear-jerking emotional punch it might have achieved .
Old-fashioned matinee pictures do n't come much more sickly .
A sweetly sappy , sentimental story exploring haunting , enduring memories of a summer romance that lasts a lifetime .
It certainly is n't cool to embrace The Notebook , but in secret maybe I 'll just tip toe into the living room and kiss my wife . Do n't tell the guys .
The film does absolutely nothing new , brave or surprising , but it treads its familiar ground with a comfortable , well-practiced gait .
Despite the pleasant surprise that it is n't completely rancid , The Notebook proves ultimately and unfortunately completely forgettable .
The main reason I 'm recommending this ... is Rachel McAdams .
I really enjoyed this film on its sappy , lovey-dovey level and I 'm not afraid to admit it ...
There 's no way to endure the movie without earplugs and a blindfold .
-LSB- Gosling and McAdams -RSB- are , however and alas , only half the love story ; they 're the photogenic flashback .
Occasionally it 's nice to remember that actual photography is a part of filmmaking .
Though The Notebook may be trite in narrative , the feelings it conjures are surprisingly -- and effectively -- real .
It 's a good thing ` The Notebook ' has an appealing narrator to soften some of its jarring elements .
There 's a generic feel to the saga and , especially , the character of Allie .
While the sentimentality is pretty oppressive , Cassavetes leaves enough space for the cast members to shine .
A determined and often affecting romance that does n't speak down to audiences .
Mercilessly plodding pacing , problematic character motivations and a fundamental lack of chemistry between the two star-crossed lovers .


@highlight

It 's hard not to admire its unabashed sentimentality , but The Notebook is too clumsily manipulative to rise above its melodramatic clichés .