Sounds like a movie I would by dying to see . But It 's one of the worst films I 've seen in months , a fact that became obvious within the first 15 minutes , if not the first few frames .
Smart People is just a funny , sturdy , touching movie about the way grief keeps on rippling .
Unfortunately , Smart People has nothing original to say about its characters ' dilemmas , but is content to tread waters that previous films have navigated with more humor and insight .
Does n't exactly oust The Royal Tenenbaums or The Squid and the Whale , but this family-go-round sitcom is a lot more accessible .
Noam Murro 's direction follows a sitcom blueprint
Smart People is a film of chuckles about smart but chuckle-headed people .
It 's so well-made , so well-acted and so impressively -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- smart that anyone who seeks it out will find something to admire and enjoy in its craft and heart .
Smarter than your average romantic comedy it may be , but this family-dysfunction indie is playing it a bit safe .
Award-winning commercial director Noam Murro helms a fine cast playing all-too-familiar roles .
Cutesy early and then becomes more complicated .
All atmosphere and no plot makes Smart People a dull watch .
... a deadly dull narrative about four depressed stereotypes who spend an hour and a half going from unhappy to slightly less unhappy .
The charm of Smart People is watching these characters squirm and eventually come out of their shells .
Even in pointing out the falseness of talking down to people for the sake of coming across as intelligent , Smart People does just that .
Dennis Quaid and Ellen Page stand out here as a father and daughter who may have high IQ 's -- but rate below zero in terms of their human relations skills .
Works too hard to achieve a quirky tone that should come effortlessly .
... succeeds more as an actor 's showcase than as a fully-realized , consistently compelling film .
A cast of such sad sacks , that it 's pretty astonishing when the lusty sparks begin to fly between any of them , and with an overload of brain power coming across as some kind of mental impairment . Sarah Jessica Parker 's Sex and the UniverCity comedown .
It wanders all over the place before ending abruptly . With the talent involved , it seems like such a waste .
Dennis Quaid is the college professor of your nightmares in the dryly humorous , laid-back comedy ` Smart People . '
This is yet another indie populated by quirky characters % u2013 it 's no surprise that it came out of Sundance % u2013 but for once , it does n't overdo the quirk , minus a few exceptions .
Audiences who love seeing cranky , emotionally blocked characters find a chance to bloom will be happy to endure the withering onscreen insults but I did n't have much use for these dyspeptic folks and was happy to see them go .
Strong performances and a few laughs , but the story feels lazy next to superior efforts recently in the same genre .
This is very much a dysfunctional-drama-by-numbers and there 's very little here you have n't seen elsewhere but it 's worth seeing for a film-stealing performance by Thomas Haden Church .
The film was one big tedious contrivance , but for trying so hard deserves a Gentleman 's C .
As much as I enjoyed Quaid 's introspective turn , his co-stars play characters lifted straight out of Screenwriting 101 .
And since , like 99 percent of all other Sundance-type indies , Smart People is shot in the dreariest grays possible ... the movie 's not much to look at , either .
Will Lawrence , at long last , be nice to someone who needs it ? `` I do have hope for myself , '' he declares . Good for him .
Smart People aims -LSB- at -RSB- enlisting Quaid 's intelligence and self-awareness without denying him the wit and the grins that keep him so likable on screen . He handles the role well , but you could n't say he owns it or thrives with it .
From a technical standpoint , Smart People is incredibly lacking
REALLY smart people will probably wait for the DVD release .
What is it like being stupid ? Ellen Page 's smart teen Vanessa asks three bimbos at the local night club . The answer is spelt out in this story about a super-bright dysfunctional family who are too dumb to work out how to make their lives work
Murro works overtime to find the humanity in his characters , and with help from the cast , the search eventually pays off .
Dennis Quaid 's performance is the only thing that keeps the film from tipping too far into flat-out misanthropy .
So much good work must not go overlooked . I just loved this movie because it 's witty , intellectual without being pretentious , and filled with characters who are logically stressed and anxious to connect to a world outside of themselves .
Smart People is an indie film that plays the -LRB- jangle , jangle -RRB- same chords -LRB- strum , strum -RRB- as a lot of other heartfelt comedies about too-wise children and codgers taking humanity lessons .
The conclusion finally reached is that it 's OK to be smart , but not too smart , and that an unplanned pregnancy will fix everything . I remain skeptical on both counts .
A funny film dealing with a serious subject of how two exceptionally smart people cope with dealing with those who do n't get it as quickly or succinctly as they do .
A smart script plus smart acting makes this one smart movie
Without a clear-cut plot to lead him , first-time director Noam Murro gets muddled in the perpetual sadness of too many characters .
In his first film as director , Noam Murro creates moments of comic disconnection , relieved by minuscule surges of warmth . He 's very precise ; he has a nice touch .
Good acting , nice smart script .
-LSB- A -RSB- middling romantic comedy .
Here 's a gentle little movie about bright people who have n't a clue about personal relationships .
The excellent script for Smart People is the work of Mark Jude Poirier , a fiction writer who has clearly spent enough time around English departments to have studied the tribal ways of the literary professoriate with ethnographic rigor .
... Not as clever and sophisticated as it thinks it is .
Juno 2 , and just as inspired .
I absolutely loved Smart People .
The actors make Smart People homey and comfy enough , but the film does n't build them a proper home .
If you enjoy glib , offbeat humor , the smartest thing you might do all day is buy yourself a ticket .
Smart People is n't only the movie 's title , or even a definition of its characters , it 's also a pretty good description of its target audience .
Smart People has its finger on an idea that has become an adage : some folks are book-smart but life-dumb . I found the film fascinating .
Smart People made me happy from start to finish .
Call it a ` could see ' -- something you can drop in on when you have nothing better to do and emerge from feeling not at all cheated by the experience .
Though the principals are so appealing with their smart , comical exchanges , the film 's forced situations keep it from being the clever , engaging tale it aspires to be .
Quaid 's great , Page and Church are even better and Parker proves there 's life beyond Sex and the City .
Just one person saves Smart People from being completely wretched . It 's the presence of Thomas Haden Church .
These smart people can become grating but they eventually prove worth knowing .
It 's a semi-infuriating movie , and yet , I think I 'd recommend it .
As tough as Lawrence is to like , Smart People is even harder to hate , mainly because of the sharply observed script by novelist Mark Jude Poirier .
Nobody does steely quite like the basso-voiced Page -- her Vanessa is a sort of Young Republican version of Juno .
After its rough opening , Smart People settles down to be a funny , wryly enjoyable , effortlessly poignant parable of family life and a splendid showcase for its cast .
You would n't want to live with this clan , but they 're fun to visit .
An amiable dramedy that never quite kicks into gear .
When you toss this many balls in the air , several are bound to be forgotten .
The ensemble ca n't bring enough , though , to overcome the unoriginal setup and predictable story arc .
Call the cops . Oscar nominees Ellen Page and Thomas Haden Church steal Smart People right from under the noses of its ostensible stars , Sarah Jessica Parker and Dennis Quaid .
In what world does Smart People exist ? Clearly not the real one , though this dramedy wants to think it 's filled with ironic insights about love and family .
The film brandishes the same anti-intellectual cliché we 've heard time and again : Extremely smart folks are inherently unpleasant , uptight and unhappy . 'T is better to be a touch dumb .
The characters ' progress is modest and halting , as changing one 's life always is .
Smart People is n't so much anti-intellectual as it is hyper-ignorant of the ways in which people interact and behave .
Tone and timing are managed rather well by director Noam Murro , and what little dialogue the film employs gives one a sense of the larger context that allows disaffected bodies like the Wetherhold family to thrive .
It 's not a stupid film , but it could have come off much more smartly .
The screenplay 's stabs at witty dialogue end up sounding forced -LRB- again , only Church delivers his lines with anything like conviction -RRB- , and the film 's emotions are all synthetic .
... what happens ? Well , not much , actually .
The performances carry Smart People .
The thorny dialogue , the rancorous arguments , the unexplained surliness of Lawrence 's son -- all that nasty stuff melts away , covering up plot weaknesses in a warm glow of nuclear-family bonhomie .
Murro squeezes the script for all the awkwardness it can give , as if that 's the same thing as finding the funny .
Intermittently entertaining .
Smart is indeed the word for Smart People , an extremely well-acted film that manages to be simultaneously funny and troubling .
Parker , cast as the Life-Affirming Option , comes across as rather drab . Quaid disappears beneath his beard and into his role , yet because Lawrence is such a remote character , it 's hard to care much . Page 's role is pretty thin and monotonous .
Plays like a sitcom writer 's idea of a Noah Baumbach film , with characters who are amusing , intelligent and screwed-up but not as prickly or treacherous as Baumbach 's .
Quaid and Church are funny , but too much of this film is not half as smart as it thinks it is .
The characters are credible and sharply observed and all four actors go to town .
None of the characters ' or the filmmakers ' knowledge illuminates , deepens , or complicates this movie in a way that keeps you from thinking longingly of Curtis Hanson 's Wonder Boys .
The details ... are often sharp and funny .
The characters are furnished by novelist Mark Jude Poirier , but there 's nothing rich or original about them .
There are a number of laughs in Smart People , but the story is too disjointed and ultimately underwhelming .
... comically self-absorbed gloom ...
So I enjoyed the film . Maybe not as much as I would have liked to -LRB- or to the heights the filmmakers obviously hoped for -RRB- , but that tends to happen from time to time and there really is n't any more to say about it .
Thomas Haden Church and Ellen Page steal the show in this amusing comedy about the isolation of self-absorption .
More false than Ms. Hilton 's `` accidental '' panty-flashings , Noam Murro 's dull , meandering dramedy reduces love to a montage and mourning to Quaid 's inability to ride shotgun
The performances go a long way toward making Smart People an enjoyable , if familiar , outing .
The film offers some witty one-liners , but it 's largely a by-the-numbers affair that really just made me feel better about myself .
There 's a gulf between what Smart People should be and what it actually is .
These are all good and talented actors and it is difficult to understand why such smart people would make such foolish choices by agreeing to appear in a film that was so far beneath those talents .
The older you get the more you realize that every family - even , or perhaps especially , your own - is wildly dysfunctional .
Smart People was supposed to be comedic drama with a splash of romance . Instead , I have been misled . It 's a blandly scripted `` poor me '' with an attempt at a plot and some glitzy Hollywood names thrown in for good box-office measure .
In this unbearably smug dramedy , the humor is nearly nonexistent and the drama will irritate you just enough to stave off a snooze .
Juno 's dialogue was artificial but sounded good ; it was musical . This dialogue sounds like writing , like gears turning .
You have to wade through too much muck to find the treasures in Smart People
Illustrates how the difficult people in our lives can teach us a thing or two about intimate relationships .
The characters might be too smart for their own good , but the movie could use a few more IQ points .
One of those sadly dependent independent films , every bit as formulaic as any Hollywood blockbuster .
Memo to the Miramax marketing department : You might want to think about changing that title .
Smart People serves up everything you 'd want in a shrewd indie picture but is strangely inert .
The overreaching script by novelist Mark Poirier is intermittently funny . One gets the sense that Poirier was aiming for Scrabulous dialogue but his movie is barely of Boggle quality .
The film certainly feels like it had more to say with these complex characters , only to be gutted by an undefined entity more interested in infuriating brevity than fulfilling storytelling .
It 's impossible to tell whether the film 's ending is happy because it 's happy or because it 's ending .
Neither humorous nor affecting -- and certainly not very smart .
It 's a discomfiting character study in which compelling , convincing acting and lively dialogue help mitigate the feeling that none of these people are worth spending time with .
The theme is common in these rumpled-professor stories , but Smart People handles it with wit and charm and even a little poignance .
This inconsistent but sporadically entertaining comedy-drama does feel a little clinical and icy , though eventually it does warm up a bit . The good cast certainly helps .
A smart film about smart people , as the title promises , but they are also humanely flawed . Like all of us , they do n't hold the key to life 's questions and dilemmas , and all the intelligence in the world is n't going to change that .
While Smart People , would n't necessarily have taken off with a different leading actor , Quaid 's self-conscious characterization calls attention to the artificiality of the story 's construction .
Neither smart nor an account of real people , just indie movie types and their completely uninteresting failure to communicate .
A dark comedy that turns out to be only moderately intelligent .
Quaid finds what is funny and endearing and worthy in the character , and his performance holds this fine , if somewhat fragile , film together .
There much more roiling beneath the surface of these characters and it 's a shame we do n't come to understand them better . Smart people , dumb choices : it 's true for both the characters and the filmmakers .
First-time director Noam Murro successfully creates a world you want to spend time in , even if it 's a world marred by self-absorption and missed opportunities .
Poirier 's dialogue , filled with uncomfortable pauses and characters talking themselves in and out of philosophical quandaries , is the best part of the film .
Is n't a work of genius , but it 's clever enough to make you forgive its missteps .
The more rumpled Dennis Quaid has become , the more interesting he 's gotten as an actor ...
Some ` smart people ' can be thick as planks ... and this is a fragmented , derivative , predictablly underwhelming family drama .
The fun of Smart People , which was written by Mark Jude Poirier and directed by Noam Murro , is seeing Quaid bite , with darkly funny and misanthropic gusto , into the acrid soul of a man whose life has curdled .
Intelligent , mature film with some shortcomings .
There is a certain reassuring quality about Smart People for bright audiences , but most of the film keeps you in an agony of frustration .
Those who find comfort in competently made but overly familiar stories may enjoy what Smart People have to offer . For me , it was too thin to truly satisfy .
Novelist-turned-screenwriter Mark Poirier gives the capable , eclectic cast some real zingers to play with , but he also loads his script with some plot contrivances that are simply too hard to accept .
It 's all action , no reaction . One minute they 're miserable ; 90 minutes later , aww better .
A genuinely funny , intelligent , entertaining tale of a man on his way to becoming likeable , bland and borderline-insipid .
Smart People is a borderline-excruciating exercise in trying to replicate the eccentric charm of Little Miss Sunshine .
Somebody should have told screenwriter Mark Poirier that it 's oxymoronic to trumpet a Republican character as a `` smart '' person in this well-acted but underwhelming comedy .
It has an arc of character development that ultimately makes the film something of an enjoyment but it 's not smart enough to be called stimulating .
It 's always a problem when the secondary characters are more interesting and colorful than the leads , and when they are played by such splendid thesps as Thomas Hayden Church and Ellen Page , it 's doubly so .
It ends up less a dark comedy than a medium-gray one , the impact further muffled by its marinating in a tepid pool of generic soft-rock sounds .
It could 've been much better . The characters do n't really progress too far -LRB- any developments are too minute to be appreciated -RRB- , leaving this movie as really just a bunch of A-List names with nothing much else to offer .
The director 's recurrent habit of flooding his soundtrack with songs whose lyrics emphatically inform the viewer precisely what the characters are feeling is a repeated turn-off .
-LSB- Screenwriter -RSB- Poirier is a master at dialogue . His script crackles with sharp lines and he gives all his scenes a splendid comic undertow .
Has enough funny moments and original ideas that it 's genuinely enjoyable based on the strength of its script and cast alone .






@highlight

Despite its sharp cast and a few laughs , Smart People is too thinly plotted to fully resonate .