... resembles one of those made-for-Lifetime thrillers that seem to crop up on a weekly basis ...
Columbia seems to be on a one-studio mission to revive that very '90s of film genres , the erotic thriller -- or are they determined to kill it off for good , considering such poor efforts as this listless Halle Berry vehicle ?
A big cheat because virtually nothing of what happens in the first 100 minutes would ever really have happened if the truth that 's exposed in the final few minutes was true .
This one 's DOA .
While Perfect Stranger had its moments and wisely made its characters less than perfect , it was a pedestrian yarn better suited for the small screen than the silver one .
The movie shows that the only thing worse than a generically screwy thriller is one with a selective narrator -- and one that does n't give viewers a fair chance to play along .
While it begins dully enough for an investigative thriller , Perfect Stranger quickly skids off into abject foolishness .
A rarely suspenseful thriller with a twist ending of the worst kind : It takes too much explanation .
Un thriller más bien mediocre , inverosímil y rebuscado que pretende sorprender al espectador con una vuelta de tuerca final ... igualmente mediocre , inverosímil y rebuscada .
click for review
Although the movie makes a case for its ending , taking you by the hand and walking you through the stink of all its red herrings , the effort is wasted . Ro sounds like roe for a reason , and the logic behind this film was fishy from the start .
Even Berry 's bodacious bod -LRB- the woman is blessed with some really good genes -RRB- is n't distraction enough to make Perfect Stranger palatable .
It 's a movie that exists to showcase an actor more than it exists to be a movie .
The movie would perhaps like to say something serious about the ease with which modern communications allows us to be multiple personalities , but that effort is lost in ineptitude .
Loses its point about balancing different identities through the increasingly ludicrous twists and intense overacting
A B movie with a bland title , histrionic acting and a ridiculous twist ending .
A snake bit concept from the very beginning .
... an ideal film for suspense audiences .
... limp and perfunctory .
Amid all the dreck that has come out in the last few years , it 's hard to think of a title that approaches the audience with more cinematic bad faith . For shame !
-LRB- Giovanni Ribisi -RRB- throws himself into every part like each is the opening night of Hamlet on Broadway . Here he goes again in Perfect Stranger , a strange little movie that spends most of its time as a straightforward , if silly , cyber-thriller before
With its far-fetched endeavors and piling on the twists so high it 's no longer an executable maze , Perfect Stranger disappoints in the end .
Let 's say you have this beautiful blue Tiffany 's box . And you throw in a week-old banana peel , an apple core and some week-old Romaine . Then you buy a spiffy card to go with the gorgeous container . Would you then have a gift ? Or garbage ? I 'd say it 's garb
Perfect Stranger makes a fatal mistake that too many modern-day thrillers make : it so desperately wants to fool you with its plot twists that it ends up playing unfairly .
There is entertainment to be had here , but it 's mostly at the expense of the film 's rambling , increasingly ridiculous plot .
The story introduces clever twists throughout that make no sense and the ludicrous ending leaves viewers with a collective shrug .
Bad script and acting make Perfect Stranger far from perfect .
A revelação final é até boazinha , embora absurda , mas a performance exagerada de Berry , a direção frágil de Foley e o restante do péssimo roteiro resultam num filme verdadeiramente patético .
At this stage in his career Bruce Willis 's hair is evacuating his scalp as if his head struck an iceberg and is going down with all hands .
It 's difficult to get involved in romantic situations where neither partner can lift their fingers from a keyboard .
A perfect stinker !
Tedious on just about every level .
This kind of adult entertainment will have parents pining to take their kids to movies again .
I 'm surprised that the red herring is n't extinct yet . It 's almost as if the makers of this film fished them all out of the sea and put them in this film
Some films are marred by absurd endings ; this dire journo-thriller is like one big mar. .
Instead of eroticism , there is tacky sub-porn ; instead of twists , there are knotty plot problems which may or may not have been fixable with script rewrites .
Deep , man .
A tangled mess .
As far as Hollywood thrillers go , Perfect Stranger starts well with an interesting melee of characters and seductive close ups of the shapely Miss Berry . As Berry 's Ro gets close and personal with Bruce Willis ' ad-man Harrison Hill , the script turns feral
Screenwriters Todd Komarnicki and Jon Bokenkamp provide a script with enough foreseeable twists and turns that , if it were an actual road , a blind person would n't have any difficulty handling it .
Hear ye , hear ye . Films do n't always have to be revolutionary slice-of-life cinematic art . Sometimes they can just be cheesy , nonsensical fun . Like Perfect Stranger .
Even when the plot spins its wheels while waiting to reveal itself , there 's still plenty of atmosphere and a fairly decent performance from Berry .
Its shiny plastic glamour serves to endorse the very phoniness it ought to be warning us about .
Reportedly , several endings were filmed ; perhaps some of them make more sense than this one .
People with access to vital information just show up when the movie needs them , then vanish again .
For those who are interested in Berry as both an actress and screen presence , this is one of the most satisfying films she has ever made . It capitalizes on her strengths and she owns the picture , from start to finish .
The only reason this movie might not win any Razzies next year is because no one will remember it even came out .
A Halle Berry-Bruce Willis vehicle fresh as a Commodore 64 .
Willis and Berry 's joint star power makes their exchanges at least moderately interesting . But their characters ' supposed banter never reaches wittiness , and the cat-and-mouse angle is too mild .
That 's right , it 's a techno thriller that treats the already clichéd topic of Web abuse with an idiotic sense of discovery .
More silly than suspenseful , this sleekly produced , high gloss piece of trash is n't quite in the so-bad-it 's - good category of schlock films , but it comes mighty close , thanks to a gonzo twist of an ending .
There 's a good thriller to be made one day about the way the Internet both reveals and disguises its users , but this is n't it .
The weak mystery story massages you into indifference , then tries to clock you with one fungo bat of a loopy twist that leaves you questioning not reality , but why you just spent 109 minutes trying to give a darn .
Layered with improbable plot twists and hypocritical commentary , the movie is lurid and outdated when it wants to be hip and provocative .
Nothing can quite top the climax , which arbitrarily assigns a culprit in a way that makes you question almost every single thing that 's transpired up to that point . And no , that 's not a good thing in this case .
Evincing a style that might best be described as deliciously retarded , it 's sort of like discovering that an old friend has placed you on a spam mailing list .
People peek through windows , hack into computers and sneak into apartments without the slightest hesitation . We 're guilty of voyeurism , too , since the primary pleasure to be found is in seeing three confident leads play off each other .
What 's really irritating about Perfect Stranger is not how bad it is , but how close it came to being good .
A psychological thriller in which both the psychology and the thrills are in short supply .
Perfect Stranger is so intent on fooling us with a last-minute ` gotcha ' revelation that it ignores just about everything else that matters .
They 're playing it too intense . This is n't that serious . It 's just a murder mystery with a little sex -LRB- very little -RRB- . That 's an exploitation movie . Making it about internet chat does n't give it social relevance .
A not-so-perfect ` sexual thriller ' that is short on thrills and any semblance of logic .
A homogenized and entirely pre-packaged `` thriller '' that does n't even bother doling out any `` thrills . ''
Relentlessly cheesy , exhaustive and about as stimulating as a cold medicine tablet ... In short , take this lofty advice and try not to talk to this particular Stranger .
With its sexual innuendos , red herrings tossed left and right , and illogic floating aimlessly , `` Perfect Stranger '' is another of those disposable thrillers that offer nothing in suspense and plenty in annoyance .
Fine up to a point .
An artifact from an alternate universe where Halle Berry and Bruce Willis star in ` Basic Instinct ' rip-offs for Roger Corman 's New Horizons Home Video company .
A film about secrets and lies , not to mention overacting and poor casting choices .
Perfect Stranger is n't great art by any stretch , or even art by any stretch , but it is perfectly functional low-to-middlebrow entertainment -- a B movie at ease inside its own gaudy skin .
One of those formulaic thrillers loaded with a whole lot more plot than common sense .
Everyone behaves like characters who are motivated not by emotion or logic , but the to and fro of a remote control or joystick .
Perfect Stranger soon begins to look like another setback for Berry .
Perfect Stranger , the new thriller starring Halle Berry and Bruce Willis , is far from perfect and , lame as it is , not quite lousy enough to pan with joy .
Just when you thought The Reaping was the most convoluted and overwrought flashback-riddled thriller starring an Academy Award-winning actress in theaters , along comes Perfect Stranger .
A laughably overheated thriller from the once promising James Foley .
Perfect Stranger is a perfectly mediocre thriller until the spectacularly stupid ending arrives .
A typical episode of Law and Order is less ridden with cliché -LRB- which is saying something , given that the series is about as formulaic as it gets -RRB- and more satisfying .
The script overloads on so many reversals and red herrings that it implicates three more suspects while you 're on your way to the parking lot .
Perfect Stranger is an offensively slick and soulless piece of Hollywwod crap . A movie filled with scuzzy people doing scuzzy things , there is not one person to care about .
By the time the big finish rolls around , you 'll be too jaded-too worn-down by the endless , pointless red herrings -- to muster an interest in whodunnit .
... a sleazy , irritating debacle .
-LSB- A -RSB- cautionary tale about the dangers of Internet chat . You know , like everyone was worried about in 1996 . Coming for Summer 2008 : Do n't Go Near the Telegraph !
The only problem is that there just is n't enough sex . Oh , there 's plenty of Halle Berry ... but there is n't enough Halle Berry , if you get my drift .
In the Ashley Judd role we have Halle Berry , whose post-Oscar choices have included the notorious duds Catwoman and Gothika . Whoever told you to make this movie should be ... sentenced to have to watch it .
... one of those annoying mysteries where you stick it out to the end just to see the solution .
Even after it lurches from the far-fetched into the preposterous , Perfect Stranger leaves a clammy residue of unease .
Slick , silly and sometimes amusing in a trashy sort of way ... Although it constantly promises erotic interludes , ` Stranger ' never gets around to delivering much of anything ...
This is exactly the kind of movie that Ashley Judd would have starred in five years ago , only Judd usually managed to retain some shred of dignity .
Early on I found that A Prefect Stranger was far from perfect .
... An insipid potboiler that strains to be some sort of sexual thriller , but leaves you cold and bored instead .
If anyone , anywhere understands a single frame of this turkey , please feel free to e-mail me . I could use the enlightenment .
A better ending would have Foley realizing that Todd Komarnicki is really the pen name of Ravadem Patel providing further proof that the director has n't had his hand on a Glengarry lead since 1992 .
You do n't see this ending coming because it is absurd , ridiculous , moronic , preposterous , ludicrous , foolish , stupid , and outrageous -LRB- I love my thesaurus -RRB- , none of which is thrilling or satisfying
Even the biggest fans of Halle Berry and her beautiful body are going to be hard-pressed to find much to enjoy about Perfect Stranger .
There 's a vast , possibly bottomless pit reserved for thrillers that are neither good nor bad enough to be truly entertaining , and James Foley 's Perfect Stranger tumbles right into it .
Life is full of choices , and Halle Berry has made another bad one with Perfect Stranger , a perfectly off-putting thriller .
Cliched , mostly routine and never especially satisfying . But it has a highly watchable performance by Halle Berry and a twist ending that , for once , likely will take you by surprise .
A cheesy affair that casts so many baited lures that they tangle each other and do n't hook you .
The convoluted resolution to the murder mystery suggests the filmmakers were simply making it up as they filmed . And judging by her listless , almost blase performance , Berry appears to be bored by the material .
It 's so bad it needs new words for bad .
It might be selling itself as a `` sexy thriller , '' but the cheesy , smirk-inducing reality is that Perfect Stranger would have been on the direct-to-DVD fast track had it not been for the names Halle Berry and Bruce Willis above the title .
What 's next ? ` Growing Pain ' ? ` Family Tie ' ? Any of those would probably be better -LRB- though not funnier -RRB- than this .
By the time everything falls into place , it does n't much matter . The best thrillers do n't just show up for the closing credits , they are involving all along the way . That 's where Perfect Stranger goes imperfectly wrong .
It goes without saying , this twist makes little -LRB- if any -RRB- sense , but it is still an original enough whopper of one I could n't help but be more than a tad shocked and even more than a little bit impressed .
A great thriller should be the model of simplicity . Perfect Stranger , like so many other thrillers nowadays , is often complicated just for the sake of being complicated . This more-is-better approach is n't more , and it is n't better .
This stupidly contrived thriller is all the more disappointing if you admire previous work by Berry and director James Foley .
Considering the twirliness of the story , this is a fairly straightforward film that knows where it 's going and how to get there . And there 's much to be admired in that .
Pink is the new black , 50 is the new 30 and , at the movies , confusion is the new suspense .
All the hip technology , including e-mail hacking , tiny portable USB devices and fake IM accounts , is supposed to make us feel disoriented by the modern lack of face-to-face communication , but it feels played out and overexplained .
While the story becomes dauntingly complex as it goes , the finale resolves its multiple mysteries seamlessly . Perfect Stranger is the kind of polished diversion that the big studios should deliver twice a month , but do n't .
The murder clues are trotted out in dishonestly protracted fashion by screenwriter Todd Komarnicki , who plants red herrings as malodorous as a fish market at 5 in the morning .
Despite the presence of the luminous Berry , Perfect Stranger is really just another thriller , utterly disposable , in town for a few desultory weeks until it heads off to a mild afterlife on DVD and then richly deserved oblivion .
Straddles the line between intrigue and blandness until it decides it 's had enough and just sort of peters out .
Complex and convoluted , to say the least .
You wo n't react to any of the sleaze -- like going to a strip club right after taking a knee to the crotch .
Stranger is n't as bold as Basic Instinct , which was all about goofing on what voyeurs moviegoers are . The performers are too solemn -LRB- only Giovanni Ribisi , as a creepy reporter , seems to be having fun -RRB- for starters .
Perfect Stranger is Halle Berry 's latest descent into career purgatory .
Fairly diverting until it starts becoming ridiculous .
Perfect Stranger is one of those movies in which nothing and no one turns out the way they originally seemed . And , maddeningly , that 's true of the movie itself , as well .
As a thriller , it 's so by-the-numbers that it 's hardly worth keeping count .
The ridiculously convoluted plot is even fairly good fun to follow , right up to the genuinely surprising finale .
It 's hard to choose the ickiest part of Perfect Stranger ...
Watchable but ultimately frustrating thriller due to its unsympathetic characters , a dodgy script and an overdose of red herrings .
the twists flail along one after another until enough people have been incarcerated , incriminated , or killed to prevent any further deus ex machinas from imposing themselves on us
This might be the first film in history in which product placement -LRB- in this case , Victoria 's Secret -RRB- might indirectly infer the guilt or innocence of a character , though it 's certainly not the first in which the tiresome Ribisi plays a patented nutjob .
A twist-burdened techno-thriller that would be by-the-numbers if it could count .
What would happen if a late-night , D-grade direct-to-cable thriller excised all of the raunchily enjoyable elements and managed to attract an A-list cast ? The result might be shockingly like Perfect Stranger .
Much of the film takes place in computer chats , with an instant-message box taking up most of the screen , and Berry and Willis reading every line for those of us who are illiterate .
Starring Victoria 's Secret and Reebok as well as Halle Berry in her first mainstream hit in years .
Perfect Stranger is spam -- not only commercially generated , but irritating in the faith that buyers will be as dumb about Internet-based thrillers as the sellers are . My advice is to delete without opening .
Boring suspense thriller made modestly bearable by Halle Berry 's measured performance . The `` surprise '' ending is a cookie-cutter that leaves you cold .
As vacuous , white noise entertainments go , this is one of the finest .
Halle Berry is off-the-scale bad ... -LSB- but -RSB- almost as bad as Berry 's acting is the capricious and ridiculous script .
Convoluted moral ambiguity can be very unsatisfying in this techno-thriller .
Perfectly awful ... -LSB- a -RSB- luridly trashy whodunit that quickly degenerates into an appalling whydidtheydoit .
A chat 'n cheat Internet thriller about the potential fatal cyber-attraction of online flirting , the film is more sordid than suspenseful when it comes to messy human relations filtered through the World Wide Web .
Halle Berry 's strong performance and a cool twist overcomes conventional plot
What begins as an elegant techno thriller quickly devolves into a trashy preposterously-plotted flick -- it 's much more fun to observe the stunningly beautiful Halle Berry change costumes than identities .





@highlight

Despite the presence of Halle Berry and Bruce Willis , Perfect Stranger is too convoluted to work , and features a twist ending that 's irritating and superfluous . It 's a techno-thriller without thrills .