This bleak little drama started as a play , and I 'd bet that even onstage it felt contrived .
Destined for well-deserved obscurity .
Feels like a pity-party for a few spoiled jerks who , all things considered , do n't really merit 90 minutes of my undivided attention .
-LSB- an -RSB- eloquent , damning case against American culture and family
Within this haze of drug abuse , cockiness and hollowness , we 're supposed to feel for our young , spoiled protagonist . Sadly , what we mostly feel is the pain of our eyes constantly rolling in our heads .
First-time director Catherine Jelski dredges up every cliche about druggy , obnoxious dreamers on the fringes of Hollywood and assumes that said cliches have the power to shock and surprise .
You 're not going to feel enlightened by The Young Unknowns and , frankly , you 'll probably benefit by keeping them unknown from your film-going pocketbook .
Jelski 's casting is daring , in its way , and I wish more American filmmakers would follow her example .
The writing and the lead performance of Devon Gummersall in Catherine Jelski 's The Young Unknowns makes this spoiled rich kid movie almost tolerable .
The film wants to be a revealing character study of aimless Hollywood wannabes , but the story is just not compelling enough to make the viewer care .
A film of probative quietude with fiercely invested in performances ; in small ways perceptive and intelligent but overall too lackadaisical in its intellectual application to leave upon viewers more than a faint , passing memory .
They 're not just Young Unknowns , they 're also unintelligent , uninspired and unfailingly irritating , too .
There is nothing to redeem this movie , and no real reason to see it .
It is a harrowing experience , anchored by the solid portrayal by young Devon Gummersall .
Yet another sordid tale of single white Hollywood kids who get drugged , drunk and disorderly by their swimming pools .
The film is tough going for all the wrong reasons .
A curious exercise in the vein of David Rabe 's Hurlyburly that needed greater dramatic heft than is exhibited by the industry lightweights it depicts .
Repetitive and stagy .
L.A. inconsequential .
Catherine Jelski 's debut feature , The Young Unknowns , made in 2000 but just now being released , reveals a real talent for handling actors but never quite overcomes a feeling of familiarity and staginess .
Rolls everything people hate about L.A. into one unattractive spitting viper of a movie .
Numbing but effective debut .
Our only experienced emotion is boredom , followed closely by annoyance .
The young players here are already on their A game , but the script they were given was first draft .
The themes of degradation , spiritual hollowness and abandonment are just not conveyed with enough freshness or subtlety to impress .
-LSB- A -RSB- thoroughly obnoxious drama .
The claustrophobic and static movie is in bad need of some opening up .



@highlight

A movie about uninteresting people doing uninteresting things .