It 's a love story and one of the most startling , original , and poised films of the year .
Undeniably fresh ; if it 's a rom-com , it 's unlike any you 've seen ... perhaps the film is , indeed , courageous and a little cutting-edge . Whatever . It 's heart-warming , uplifting , funny and different . And that 's more than enough .
Call this an extreme rom-com ... finely crafted and utterly mesmerising .
At once strange and compelling , Enyedi Ildiko 's unique and fascinating film draws us in with subtle wisps of character intrigue and harsh reality .
One of the most curious yet appealing romances you 're likely to see
Do n't let the sluggish pace discourage you , and enjoy both the dark humor and the uncanny vibes of a tortuous Hungarian romance .
The barnburner of an opening leads straight to an equally audacious plot hook .
A bit long in the telling , or may just feel that way , but very involving for romantics and arthouse types despite or because of its air of restraint , emptiness and hope -- not to say , loving originality .
Director Ildikó Enyedi ... may not be the most prolific of cineastes , but this has not stopped her from making , here , a work of great originality and moving drama .
... a film about love , a love without rules ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You 're left with the realization that despite its philosophical intrigue , On Body and Soul remains a flawed film .
Touching and cryptic souls-connecting romantic drama that gives you a lot to chew on ... just not over burgers or steaks .
Ildikó Enyedi has made a film worthy of its widespread praise , and she did it with an assured , distinctive hand . It may not be for everyone , but for the adventurous viewer , it 's a must-see .
What director Ildiko Enyedi does rather beautifully is take the mundane day-to-day that these characters are living and depict it so precisely that the imprecise nature of dream connections and love feel all the more ephemeral .
Ultimately , we never forget that these are still two severely flawed human beings , and we can see their shortcomings bite back .
On Body and Soul is a glorious story of two minds striving to connect , and of the difficulty in finding someone with whom to share your dreams , even if you 're literally doing just that
The plot mechanism that links these ideas and images is , we 'll just say , grossly misjudged .
Ultimately , On Body And Soul is too aloof and tentative with its message to really resonate , but it is still nevertheless an increasingly compelling and idiosyncratic love story that gets better with each passing minute .
Enyedi 's observant style keeps On Body And Soul visually interesting as the story threads come undone . Once the theft subplot serves its narrative purpose , it runs out of steam and distracts from the dream affair .
Beyond all the abstraction and esoterica of Enyedi 's approach , there 's a poignant thematic core ready to be explored in depth .
Their tentative but needful efforts to relate in the waking world are fascinating and more than a little heartbreaking , and suspense rises while outside parties try to figure out what 's going on .
On Body and Soul 's fusion of romance , comedy , ultraviolence , and political commentary has the logic of a lucid dream .
On Body and Soul is arguably too cerebral to fully resonate as a romance . But ... there 's something enchanting in its inexplicable love affair .
A love story between a man who gave up on living them and a woman who never even thought she would . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese -RSB-
It weaves a spell that will entrance you while you are watching it , although afterwards , in the cold light of the lobby , certain plot turns may strike you as so absurd that you may not understand why or how you enjoyed it as much as you did .
Both Morcsányi and Borbély play their roles to near perfection .
The combination of brutalism , magic , and kitsch just results in what you 'd expect : a pool of blood , milk , and melted popsicle in a gooey mess on the concrete floor .
As the film proceeds , Ildikó Enyedi incessantly explicates the subtext of the characters ' developing connection .
What saves On Body and Soul is the naturalness with which this unusual couple interacts . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Legitimate tenderness survives the formula . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Apparently simple but with complexity . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The originality of the idea as well as the sensitivity shown by -LSB- director Ildikó -RSB- Enyedi ... make In body and soul a great movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cold , icy , frozen . But , still , very exciting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though it has artistry in spades , and Enyedi 's talent can not be doubted , On Body and Soul does not do justice to the people it wishes to represent .
... presents an affecting , tender portrait of our search for contact against - and with - the violence we do to others and to ourselves .
Both lead actors Géza Morcsányi and Alexandra Borbély are resourceful despite inarticulate characters . Before you 've realized it , you 're deeply invested in their sadness and a potential happy ending .
Those looking for a more interesting time at the cinema will undoubtedly find a lot to engage with in On Body and Soul ...
`` On Body and Soul '' imagines an unlikely scenario , yet one that possibly occurs to many people who fall madly and completely in love , that somehow they have beaten those astronomical odds and found their other half .
With an interesting premise , which focuses on two unique individuals , this is a love story like no other that 's been seen before .
It would be an illusion to expect every viewer to be receptive to this remarkable film , but for those who are it sticks in the mind like a shard of broken glass , a jag of ice . You emerge from it , soul scoured , in silence .
It 's a slow , quiet and beautifully composed story about human connection , or more specifically , the difficulty in finding it .
Ildiko Enyedi 's film becomes an eccentric reverie on the forces of attraction and the countervailing hassles that can keep people apart .
Enyedi handles this hesitant , tentatively developing relationship with quiet subtlety , often depicting her solitary pair in their respective apartments with through-window night shots that recall the paintings of Edward Hopper .
It 's one for the quietly desperate - a grim fairytale that suggests it 's possible to keep the wolf from the door .
It 's an exquisitely offbeat love story and I fell headlong for its angular , awkward charm .
Géza Morcsányi 's inventive wide-eyed turn steals the show .
It 's a haunting film , with the blood , the dreams and the deer , but never wilfully obscure . Just slightly off kilter . Like life .
Veering between scenes of unflinching savagery and psychological malady , Enyedi makes some pertinent points about the alienating nature of modern urban living .
An offbeat romance that also contains some graphic scenes of animal slaughter .
This offally appealing arthouse tale of elusive love in an abattoir is a prime-cut , for the strong-of-stomach .
The film ... is beautifully played by its two leads and has a wonderfully barbed and unsettling quality that you will never find in any Hollywood romcom .
Odd-couple love stories do n't get odder or more piquant .
The premise of the film and its unwatchably brutal opening sequences are there to stun you , or in the butcher 's sense tenderise you , so that you hardly notice the implausible weirdness of human behaviour in the workplace scenes that follow .
Mad , singular and heart-stirring in a way that 's hard to comprehend .
A visceral , evocative drama makes for a unique cinematic experience .
A blend of the corporeal and the cerebral , Hungarian writer-director Ildikó Enyedi 's first film in 18 years is a mysterious , poetic and sometimes baffling piece .
On Body and Soul squanders its more exceptional possibilities to become a dark but twee romantic comedy .
An immersive , distinctive deep dive into familiar basic themes - love , life and loneliness - that looks and feels like it could n't have been conjured up by anyone else .
Morcsányi endows his character with the sad , lived-in expression of a man resigned to his drab routine , but it 's breakout talent Borbély who truly emerges as the movie 's star .
A movie that sometimes ca n't avoid becoming a bit manipulative , but the staging as a certain dry mood manage to prevent the film from falling . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A romantic melodrama about the duality of our sleeping and waking personas .
A combination of Terrence Malick , Michel Gondry and Woody Allen with its mix of the meditative , fantastical and neurotic .
Delicate psychological insight , a strong aesthetic signature and two affecting , restrained performances by Alexandra Borbély and Géza Morcsányi overcome any familiarity , as well as occasional hints of preciousness .
A rich and strange tale of thwarted sexuality that takes a tad too long to get to the point .
A determinedly eccentric but intermittently startling misfit romance that marks a singular return to feature filmmaking for Hungarian writer-director Ildikó Enyedi after an 18-year gap .

@highlight

Tender performances and a strong sense of style combine to create an eccentric , dreamy portrait of love and loneliness in On Body and Soul .