I enjoyed it all the way through the last second .
The problem is that we get no real sense of what these characters were like before everything went haywire , so little is believably at stake .
-LRB- ... -RRB- so perversely fun that a few false notes-a pushy score and certain moments that veer toward a cheaper kind of melodrama-don ' t nag as much as they might have .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is an immensely disturbing and tragic morality tale , which focuses on the consequences and repercussions of a sinister act driven by greed .
Ferociously pleasurable
Suspense and action would be enough to seal this film , but the feeling of dread , that under different circumstances this could be us , makes this a heist picture for the ages .
Lumet proves he 's still a master storyteller , and Philip Seymour Hoffman is fantastic .
No matter how irredeemable and pathetic the behavior of their characters might be , Hoffman and Hawke evoke a squirming recognition and empathy .
Lumet is still one of the best directors in the business .
Lumet 's latest film , Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is an unpleasant film with unpleasant characters . It would be easy to dismiss , if it were n't directed by maestro Sidney Lumet . But the movie is labored and repetitive .
Sometimes it feels like too much , but then again , Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is an exercise in piling it on , with each plot twist all but guaranteeing the absolute damnation of its struggling characters ,
My biggest problem with this movie is that underneath all the style and film tricks , I really did n't like or care what happened to any of these characters .
This is one of the most gut-wrenching thrillers in recent memory , and it features a real sucker-punch ending .
Si William Shakespeare viviera y fuera guionista , el resultado podría ser algo bastante parecido a esto .
The movie 's title comes from the Irish toast , ` May you be in Heaven half an hour before the Devil knows you 're dead . ' Unfortunately , everyone in the film is running about 35 minutes late .
this somber reflection on crime is as much a breath of fresh air as any premier feature at a film festival .
Traz o peso de tragédia grega que Woody Allen buscou com sucesso apenas moderado em O Sonho de Cassandra .
Director Sidney Lumet digs deep into the tawdry souls , peeling back the layers of arrogance and anger and self-delusion until all that 's left is fury and fear and hate .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead wo n't do much for anyone 's feelings about human nature , but it will definitely restore your faith in gritty crime movies .
This would be a vigorous film for a man of any age , but it 's a special treat from our favorite octogenarian .
Marisa 's bored and frustrated sexpot trophy wife is pretty much kept around in the movie just for occasional guy sexual satisfaction , in Sid Lumet 's human cesspool of murky madness .
This masterfully-crafted , multi-layered murder mystery proves that the legendary Sidney Lumet has n't lost his edge , despite being well into his eighties .
The film 's director , Sidney Lumet , is 83 but he has n't lost his feel for bleak New York stories programmed to end in tears .
Conceptually bold and unnervingly suspenseful , Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is one of the best films Lumet has directed in a very long and at times uneven career .
It 's pretty good , is n't it ?
Hoffman 's brilliant in this nailbiting thriller and character study .
A marvellous film , filled with tension , drama and emotional angst
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is a sleeker , slimmer film than Lumet 's done in some time , but it is quite possibly his strongest work in decades .
Even though the story plays out nonlinearly , the intensity surges up a straight slope . This would seem impossible if not for the masterful screenplay by first-timer Kelly Masterson and deft direction by Sidney Lumet .
Ethan Hawke , Marisa Tomei and Albert Finney are doing some really fascinating , nuanced work , and it 's all just slightly diluted by Sidney Lumet 's formal agitations .
Marked by hammy performances and outlandish revelations , Sidney Lumet 's film can barely hold a candle to his greatest work .
In its relentless and uncompromising nastiness , cold-sweat tension and fear , its serious engagement with the idea of evil and sin and finally in the way it evolves , persuasively , into a kind of contemporary family tragedy , this is in a different league .
If you want a quality crime caper , then this is for you .
Hoffman 's reliably superb while Albert Finney , as the lads ' father , is as good as he 's ever been .
A crime melodrama that takes risks with characterisation and narrative structure , but ends up as awkward , indulgent and hard to like as its main protagonists .
Lumet does n't damn himself , but it 's hardly cinema heaven . Hoffman , Hawke and Finney claw strong moments out of an underwhelming script , but for some the only thing that 'll stick is Marisa Tomei with her kit off .
Superior fare , packed with insight and suspense .
Veteran director Sidney Lumet -LRB- Serpico , Dog Day Afternoon -RRB- shows he 's no slouch at 83 when it comes to crafting first-class thrillers with a pitch black core .
Bleak , brutal and quite possibly brilliant , this is a triumphant return to form for Lumet and further proof that Hoffman is on an incredible winning streak .
Cleverly written , brilliantly acted and put together like a fine watch .
Impressively directed by Sidney Lumet -LRB- he 's 83 , you know -RRB- , this is a thoroughly gripping thriller with a strong script and terrific performances from its two leads .
There may be very little that is nice about the people in this ferocious family film from Lumet but it 's awfully nice to see him pull it off this late in the game .
Before the Devil Knows Your Dead is an insightful , incisive lesson in potential . Every frame oozes desperation and there is always a plan being concocted .
I want Albert Finney 's Lincoln Town Car .
Unfortunately , like Andy 's character , the parts do n't add up .
Lumet 's `` Network '' earned an incredible five acting nominations come Oscar time -LRB- three wins -RRB- and I would n't be surprised to see `` Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead '' earn a solid four .
It 's powerfully crafted , intensely paced and brilliantly acted from all involved players , and a film that 's easily -LSB- Lumet 's -RSB- best since Network .
A miserable , dejected little flick .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is kinetic . It 's dynamite laced with electricity . It 's a perfectly played puzzle that 's final images make for an astoundingly satisfying statement .
-LSB- T -RSB- he bleak movie remains tense , interesting and unpredictable throughout .
The real kudos should go to screenwriter Kelly Masterson , who provocatively mixed a crime drama premise into a film exploring the legacy of damage family members impose upon one another .
... echoes of Sophoclean tragedy ... and the Old Testament
Lumet moves Devil with a purpose , all the while maintaining a firm grip on his live-wire cocktail of guilt and paranoia .
As the Shadow used to say , the weed of crime bears bitter fruit , and Lumet has made a delicious pie out of it .
One of the pleasures of `` Devil '' is watching what a classic , old-school director Lumet is , focusing intensely on character and staging rather than relying on fast edits or visual trickery .
While Masterson 's script might come up a hair short , Lumet remains firmly in control : Even at 83 , there 's nothing arthritic about his ability to engage our emotions or our intellect .
Hawke , in particular , puts on a blistering show of flustered regret .
At age 83 , Lumet proves he 's at the top of his game with this expertly directed melodramatic thriller , relentlessly teasing us with a twisty story and provocative characters .
Lumet navigates the shifting narrative nimbly , and effortlessly handles the plot twists and emotional beats with equal precision .
The film has some powerful drama with Philip Seymour Hoffman turning in a superb performance . But the tone is relentlessly downbeat .
A darkly realistic vision of extraordinary power .
-LSB- A -RSB- sly , nasty casualness ... takes -LSB- it -RSB- into a realm of mopey genius ...
In a way Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is like watching a car crash % u2014 you want to look away , but something compels you to try and take in all the gory details .
Classic Lumet .
I did n't get it .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead brims with possibility , but very little of it actually works .
One of the most electrifying genre films of the year .
Before The Devil Knows You 're Dead plays around a bit with time and perception , and the story unfolds at a tremendous clip . The movie is not without its share of black humour , but it 's an exercise in violence and adrenalin . And tragedy .
You feel Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead more than you watch it . And the feeling is far from warm and fuzzy .
At a time when family movies are usurped by fantasies of sentimental feelgood , Lumet 's latest -- the mangled-heist melodrama Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead -- delivers a swift kick straight to the jewels .
Last month , there were a couple of movies -LRB- Michael Clayton , We Own the Night -RRB- that recalled the '70s heyday of director Sidney Lumet . This month , we get the real deal .
Sidney Lumet 's Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead starts with a bad idea -- a plan by two brothers to rob their parents ' jewelry store -- and whips itself into a beautifully acted , nervous-making frenzy of a melodrama .
Emotionally brutal , ferociously acted , crafted with unflagging expertise and relentlessly locked in its vision of human darkness , Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is as grim and despairing as any tragedy by Sophocles or Shakespeare .
Lumet 's rejection of despair and cynicism despite the grimness of the events he depicts -LRB- ` Fail-Safe ' ends with the obliteration of New York -RRB- and his refusal to disrespect the intelligence of his audience seem more valuable every day .
This machine repeatedly threatens to rev up , but mostly just keeps slipping out of gear .
The problem is not that the director is working but that his latest film is working too hard . Way too hard â '' this thing is melodrama running a marathon .
The family dynamics are skillfully rendered , the suspense is bruising and each man 's performance is a revelation .
Just when Lumet starts to build some decent tension , he cuts back , losing the suspense and replacing it with a rehash of what we 've already seen .
-LSB- Lumet 's -RSB- best film since 1982 's The Verdict .
Loaded with operatic gravity and noirish fatalism .
Despite its idiosyncrasies compared to more modern thrillers , it 's a fine addition to an outstanding season for movies .
As reckless and forlorn as the brothers and their father may be , it 's plainly worse for the women who come anywhere near them .
There 's a sense of the filmmaker himself trying to decide just what to make of this spectacle he 's staged , what stance to take .
He 's 83 years old and still has the vitality and lust to make a terrific heist-gone-bad movie !
The structure is not so much `` Rashomon-like '' as it is like watching a photo developing with pulse quickening intensity .
Proving why he 's still an American classic , 83-year-old director Sidney Lumet turns in another brilliantly executed crime thriller
Old fox Lumet deals out some flash cutting and time frame back-and-forths that , if not the Tarantino tango , are fairly adventurous .
What a movie . What a director .
If God is in the obvious details , Devil is in the ones you might tragically overlook .
There 's no larger message other than that greed gives us something to hold on to even as it kills us .
Lumet works with a fine cast of actors who are all at the top of their game .
Lumet shrewdly hangs back , exploiting the long-take potential of his crappy DV and letting scenes play out for what feels like ages , granting this naughty little noir a soul that probably never existed on the page .
Mr. Lumet has forgotten nothing , and still knows more than almost anyone about the elusive art of directing actors .
Consistently engaging and suspenseful , tragic in a grand , Greek way , and loaded with sharp performances .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is often an uncomfortable film to sit through , but the rewards it offers make it well worth the effort .
Gives a crackerjack cast some fine characters and dialogue to tussle with .
If you are craving a juicy thriller , then put this movie at the top of your list .
In an astounding piece of filmmaking , 83-year-old director Sidney Lumet and writer Kelly Masterson provide the year 's most unusual theater-going experience -- a powerful film that will shock , surprise , thrill and amaze you .
... -LRB- a -RRB- dark , dour , depressing dirge .
Insightful , impeccably crafted crime drama with the moral undertones of classic Greek tragedy .
-LSB- Lumet -RSB- proves that at 83 he 's still the master of the game .
Watching this impeccably crafted melodrama , you feel grateful for a veteran filmmaker who serves a gripping story with a confident efficiency that 's lean , mean and focused like a laser .
An invigorating , refreshing and unusual thing to see one done so expertly .
This is no nostalgia trip taken by an 83-year-old director . It 's a fierce , hot slap of a movie , a shameless melodrama with bite .
Sidney Lumet makes his best movie in ages , a crackerjack crime thriller that goes for the jugular .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead , the expertly acted story of two brothers and a con gone very wrong , is full of clever little tricks .
Sidney Lumet 's Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is such a superb crime melodrama that I almost want to leave it at that . To just stop writing right now and advise you to go out and see it as soon as you can .
This ambitious and well-directed crime thriller , with an intricate flashback structure redolent of Reservoir Dogs , gives Philip Seymour Hoffman a fascinatingly ambiguous character to work with .
Lumet 's latest proves as riveting and ambitious as any of his best work .
... like being trapped in a closet with your greatest regrets .
Somehow , Lumet and his expert cast are able to make his shady characters compelling even though these folks might pause for only a passing thought before stabbing each other in the back , literally .
Lumet 's film is a stunner .
This is an actor-y movie . Even if you think the plot is a little implausible , and you 're worn out by the grand tragedy of it all , you ca n't deny that the actors are n't giving it everything they 've got .
From start to finish , `` Before The Devil Knows You 're Dead '' is an absolute knockout and can already be ranked as one of the pinnacles of the long and reasonably distinguished career of Sidney Lumet .
A sharply acted and highly entertaining morality play .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is another convincing argument that early retirement is not always a good idea for a master filmmaker . This is an adrenaline-pumping , devilishly well-made thriller set against the downfall of an American family .
Lumet directs the script with the actor-centered efficiency that has served him well over a surprising array of projects .
In addition to being a study in great acting , this is a study in great directing . Filming with high-definition digital video cameras , Lumet weaves in and out of the action , proving to be as adroit with new technology as he was with old-school celluloid .
... some first-rate surprises and a bundle of good performances .
A moody , expertly-crafted combination of crime story and domestic drama with a superb ensemble cast .
... nothing more than a perfunctory thriller ...
The last 15 minutes of this film had me shaking my head in disbelief . Yet I found myself thinking about the performances , the tone , the perfection in certain scenes , long after the movie was over .
... as Andy and Hank stumble into the jaws of an unforgiving fate , we realize we 've been in the hands of a master director who 's never really gotten his due .
Sidney Lumet succeeds in affording Greek-tragic undertones to his crime movie .
It has been exactly 50 years since Sidney Lumet made his first movie but let 's hope on the basis of this shattering edge-of-your-seat stuff that he has n't made his last .
The movie evokes the ghosts of Fritz Lang , Billy Wilder , Robert Siodmak and Don Siegel , the grit and grime so thick a person almost feels covered in its ghoulishly seductive sheen as they walk out of the movie theater .
At 83 years-old , Lumet still manages to deliver this film in a captivating , edge-of-your-seat fashion .
I think you 'll laugh a lot at what -LSB- Lumet -RSB- has wrought here -- but only well after the movie is over and the full scale of its perversity settles into your bones .
It revisits -LSB- Dog Day Afternoon 's -RSB- claustrophobic suspense and deep compassion for its characters -- abject , grasping everymen who truly believe they 're only one act of violence away from everything they 've ever wanted .
The true star of this nerve-racking family crime drama , shot with a minimum of fuss by Ron Fortunato , is playwright and first-time screenwriter Kelly Masterson 's deft script .
This flick is fast and ferocious , -LSB- Lumet 's -RSB- sharpest and best since Prince of the City -- and surely one of the year 's finest .
As deliberately provocative and in-your-face ugly as this film is , it still plays as second-rate Tarantino instead of first-rate Lumet .
Nothing in Lumet 's filmography has contained the back alley , concrete-block pummeling of Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead , a masterful , rampaging descent into the quicksand hell of desperation .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is a chronicle of destruction -- physical , spiritual and moral .
Lumet 's movie is about people rather than jewels or guns . And , at 83 , he knows a thing or two about people .
The skill of the movie comes in using its structure to peel away the outer layers of these people and to slowly reveal the depths of their psychological damage .
You get all the weight of dishonorable people and the choices they make and the added pounds of a more modern style that probably keeps a very good film from ranking with Lumet 's classics .
Lumet has n't been this energetic and perceptive since The Verdict , released two-and-a-half decades ago .
Lumet tackles this material like an old master , finding scenes to settle into and hanging out there longer than a younger director might .
To state it in the bluntest terms , Sidney Lumet 's Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is one of the great American films of the past decade , and the crowning masterpiece of Lumet 's long career .
Family , and the core ideals that hold them in place , are blown to smithereens by the robbery at the ravaged heart of Sidney Lumet 's scalding new thriller .
What you see in it says more about you than it says about Lumet and his straightforward , throwback-style entertainment , which is richly played and dazzlingly blinged up with sex and drugs , but virtually devoid of human insight or narrative ambition .
It 's tough for a movie that starts out with a doggy-style sex scene in Rio to maintain momentum , and Before the Devil is n't nearly as carefully sculpted as Tomei .
The movie , however , belongs to Lumet : The fact that he 's produced such a vital work as an octogenarian is amazing enough , but the way this tragedy unfolds without a single false move puts the film among the best work of a very prestigious career .
After a long series of artistic missteps , Sidney Lumet , 83 , makes a smashing return to form with this bleak crime thriller that shows off the veteran director 's many strengths .
Proof that Sidney Lumet 's talent is , in every sense , timeless .
Lumet tries getting back to the outrageous satirical mode of Network and Just Tell Me What You Want , but this family dysfunction story fails the classic requirements of social critique .
A botched-heist thriller with labyrinthine plot twists , suspenseful character revelations and out-of-sequence narrative elements befitting a grand opera mounted on a massive scale .
Back in form after decades of mediocre work , Lumet elevates with skillful , elegant helming and good acting what 's essentially updated version of old heist films and family melodramas of Arthur Miller and company , defined by explicit Freudian psychology .
The 83-year-old Mr. Lumet , who has handled such immortals as Brando and Magnani in his career , expertly extracts individually charismatic performances from Mr. Hoffman , Mr. Hawke , Mr. Finney , Ms. Harris and Ms. Tomei .
A triumphantly brisk , bleak B-movie .
This is not classic Sidney Lumet , but it 's ample evidence that after more than 40 years working in this business , the director is still capable of crafting an entertaining and thought provoking motion picture .
Three years after being presented a Lifetime Achievement Oscar , the 83-year-old director comes forth with a violent family melodrama that is his strongest movie in at least two decades .
-LSB- A -RSB- furious and entertaining little morality play .
-LSB- Sidney Lumet 's -RSB- touch in Before the Devil is so sure , so perfectly weighted , that it 's hard to imagine him capable of making a bad movie .
Working with the startlingly talented new screenwriter Kelly Masterson , Lumet fuses dark wit , suspense and tragedy into a time-shifting movie that vibrates with energy .
Amid this chaos , Sidney Lumet , fast approaching ninety and having directed some sixty feature films , assembles a controlled and steady mood of impending doom .
Devil possesses a dramatic power akin to watching a big train wreck , but it 's an elaborate Rube Goldberg device with no real heart at its center .
A tense crime thriller directed by Sidney Lumet that explores the dark side of sibling rivalry .
Most of Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead works so well as a fatalistic , post-Tarantino neo-noir that the last third 's attempt to frame the drama as King Lear-level tragedy plays as an unnecessary reach .
A movie as gritty and shocking as anything -LSB- Lumet -RSB- has done in his remarkable career .
Half the fun is watching a first-rate cast try to outdo each other without chewing up any scenery .
Director Sidney Lumet -LRB- Dog Day Afternoon -RRB- twists suspense around terrific ensemble performances in screenwriter Kelly Masterson 's character-driven crime thriller that is at turns sexy , hilarious and devastating .
The thing that is so compelling about this film is that it makes the audience work for it .
With a turn or so too many of the screw , cast and crew make the dramatic events depicted in ` Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead ' believable .
Masterful plotting and fine acting ca n't make this story any more appetizing .
Although not in the same league as his Serpico or Dog Day Afternoon , it 's still a dark little noir about a botched heist with some crackerjack moments .
... the wrenching tale has something for anyone who likes their melodrama spiked with palpable tension and genuine suspense .
A crime drama on par with classics like the Coens ' Fargo with intense drama in the vein of Todd Field 's In the Bedroom .



@highlight

A tense and effective thriller , Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead marks a triumphant return to form for director Sidney Lumet .