I love the anger , the comedy and the use of music but untangling the moral rights and wrongs is a nightmare , with Lysistrata 's story of female empowerment sitting uncomfortably with the casual misogyny and sexism .
-LSB- Chi-Raq -RSB- is an in-your-face explosion of anger and vitality .
This is no mere thought experiment . Can satire stop a bullet ? Likely not . But it can provoke those of us who have n't , and can .
A wild-eyed , bumpily syncopated symphony in purple and gold , Chi-Raq is ragged and binary , for sure . It also is colorful in every way that our culture needs right now .
Chi-Raq 's goofy satirical humor keeps it feeling fresh and smart . But it works better as a lament , and a call to action .
It 's a mess . But it makes an impression . Chi-Raq has the force of topical-art inevitability . If it did n't exist , you feel , someone would have had to invent it .
While Chi-Raq may not be for everyone , it certainly exhibits a strong passion for artistic creativity that never falters for a second .
There 's genuine outrage behind Lee 's angry blast of hip-hop agitprop , and his fury has good cause ... Unfortunately , his film is also a gaudy mess .
A film unlike any other this year .
This overlong picture is already repetitive and unfocused by the second act ; by the third , it has made its point a thousand times over .
Astonishing . Up there with Lee 's very best .
Frenzied , dazzling and finally empty .
Though not entirely successful , Lee 's adaptation certainly has balls .
Spike Lee 's latest is an extraordinary confection : a satire written in verse , set to rap , gospel and hip-hop music , based on an Ancient Greek play moved to Chi-Raq , a nickname for present-day Chicago .
Chi-Raq does n't all work , but it 's simultaneously righteous and bawdy enough to get its message across in entertaining fashion and features a great performance from up-and-coming actress Teyonah Parris in the lead .
Studded with smart couplets , dance numbers and scenes of grief verging on the Shakespearean , this vibrant , controversial film from director Spike Lee is deft and timely in its message .
Chi-Raq is a bawdy , angry cry from the heart that only works in fits and starts but there are times when it really hits the mark , especially when addressing the nightmare of drugs , guns and violence in inner-city America .
-LSB- Chi-Raq -RSB- , if often muddled , is rarely dull .
Lee has much fun toying with the fixtures and fittings of the source material .
A gorgeous , gorgeous thing that proves anger sometimes has the best tunes .
Furious , funny , and deadly serious , this is an audacious , searing satire that swells into a raw , electrifying fantasy about how we might put aside savagery .
Right from the first frame the urgency rarely wanes as Lee juggles fireworks , firearms and feminism .
A Molotov cocktail of laughs and anger , Chi-Raq is a powerful state of a nation address . The result is the most creatively exciting Lee has been in a decade .
In its lesser moments , though , the film plays like a bad student revue .
Spike Lee fires on all cylinders , combining outrage at the senseless loss of black lives with a near-operatic sense of bravado .
Chi-Raq tries hard but somehow does n't hit the bullseye .
Packed full of heady ideas , this loud and proud proclamation is a vigorous and provocative piece of work .
Chi-Raq may not be the most coherent critique of inner city violence or even the best film about race hitting theaters this winter ... but it is Lee 's most vital work in years .
This overlong concept-film/disquisition mostly misfires . Its heart-on-sleeve power gets muddled by its confusion of brash with blatant and politics with polemics . There 's much pronouncement and protestation ; docu-realism 's mixed up with too-broad farce .
There are huge swaths of ` Chi-Raq ' that do n't work at all , and they ultimately do n't matter a lick , because the picture charges ahead with such confidence and electricity .
Chi-Raq is raucous and transgressive , but most of all , it 's a lament . And lament is exactly what we-you and I-need to learn : right now , this year , this month , this week , today .
An unwieldy and frequently tasteless mishmash of gang violence , socioeconomics , and sexual politics .
... stiff in all the wrong ways ... .
Ultimately , this is neither tragedy nor farce . Anybody know the Greek word for boredom ?
Lee returns to engaging , enraged form with Chi-Raq , combining social commentary , anger , humour , dramatics and over-the-top style in a sometimes messy mix that uses every trick necessary to put a spotlight on America 's poisonous love affair with guns .
Lee 's film is worth seeing for its bombastic excess and camo-clad dance scenes . But if you 're looking for tactful visual responses to the Black Lives Matter movement and the effects of police brutality , this is n't it .
Never subtle , always strident and absolutely necessary .
This is a movie that manages to be both brash and earnest , hilarious and deadly serious , bluntly rhetorical and poetic at the same time .
There are some good acting performances by Nick Cannon -LRB- who also sings a couple of songs -RRB- Jennifer Hudson -LRB- who also sings a song on the soundtrack -RRB- and Teyonah Parris . The soundtrack of this film should have gotten an Academy Award nomination .
There is no story , beyond this simplest stand-off set up , no character development , no sign of any other life .
There 's so much swagger in ` Chi-Raq ' that it 's a little uneven ; this movie is both small and immense , the same way that violence within a community can feel isolated to an area , but is also reveals a systemic worldwide problem .
Deliriously satirical , bouncing between comedy , romance , and tragedy , yet it primarily serves as a wake up call for the disenfranchised people suffering in this country .
A mesmerising , indelible and important piece of contemporary cinema .
This is a Spike Lee film through and through . It features jarring shifts in tone and temperament . It stridently proclaims its message throughout , at times like a revival meeting seeking a call-back , at others a history lesson in verse ...
You 've got the superbly self-possessed Teyonah Parris as Lysistrata ; a stern and witty Angela Bassett ... and Nick Cannon , looking very comfortable in the role of the rap artist and gang leader known as Chi-Raq . They are served both chilled and hot .
When Lee cooks up a stew this heady , one best recognize ... the right film at the right time , Lee 's most creatively fertile and socially immediate narrative feature in years .
In short , it 's a Spike Lee film , and one of his best in a long time - earnest , flawed , idiosyncratic , and unforgettable .
Savage optimism .
Submitting his finest work since the 1990s , Lee is inspired and alert for a change , displaying renewed interest in the world around him . The mischief and outrage presented here is outstanding .
Lee , who birthed such memorable films asShe 's Got ta Have It -LRB- 1986 -RRB- and School Daze -LRB- 1988 -RRB- , is back at the top of his form withChi-Raq . Let 's hope he stays there .
If there 's a hot-button modern American issue to be pressed , Lee jabs it . The common thread is vitality , energy and urgency .
It 's messy in places , as Lee 's movies tend to be . But there is n't a moment that Chi-Raq is n't alive . This is a deeply serious , biting picture that also has joy in its heart .
Chi-Raq is n't nearly as polished or cohesive as his early-period works ... but it 's delivered with a sense of fervor and immediacy that has n't been felt from Lee in years .
It 's both outrageous and full of outrage , offering up cold hard facts about how the government has continued to ignore and disenfranchise urban communities ... and lots of cock-teases in daisy dukes .
You long for `` Chi-Raq '' to succeed . Sad to report , it 's an awkward affair , stringing out its tearful scenes of mourning , and going wildly astray with its lurches into farce .
... the return of the artist who gave us School Daze , She 's Got ta Have It , Bamboozled and Do the Right Thing .
The best movie you did n't see last weekend .
This makes `` Chi-Raq '' both contemporary and timely in its stance against murder in the streets .
High-order satire that 's passionate and playful in its pleas to stop the madness
Chi-Raq -LRB- mostly -RRB- successfully combines the over-the-top comedy style of the Greek play with the tragic , rhyming melodrama of a Shakespearean work .
It 's a powder keg of a film from first frame to last , Anchored by Lee 's fury and a powerhouse cast . ... Chi-raq is one of the best films of the year . Top 20 , maybe Top 10 , certainly near .
Chi-Raq is a plea for us to Wake Up . It 's a tearful plea proffered by a broken mother over a murdered child . Dead for no good reason , as if a good reason might be found .
An angry and audacious addition to -LSB- Spike Lee 's -RSB- oeuvre , spinning heavy-handed drama , slapstick comedy and pointed music into a cacophony of message .
Lee is really letting it rip here . And although in a variety of ways Chi-Raq is overbearing and stilted , the thing is so unusual you ca n't help keeping your eyes glued to the screen .
Spike Lee is not a subtle filmmaker . And it has taken me nearly 30 years -- up to and including his latest feature , Chi-Raq -- to fully appreciate that this is not necessarily a problem .
A glorious provocation . At once deeply sorrowful and exuberantly silly , it 's a scabrous , sexy musical comedy shot through with an almost unbearable sadness .
Equally pretentious and provocative , the audacious effort is highly uneven but certainly ca n't be easily dismissed .
Yeah , it 's a mess . But what a glorious mess it is .
Lee 's hallmarks are on view in Chi-Raq , his ambitious and often apt adaptation of Lysistrata .
It 's sexy , brash , and potent - a powerful weapon in its own right .
As divisive as media can be -- and surely the sheer noise of cable TV and social media can be daunting -- their potential to transform is equally compelling and dramatic . As they see it , Lysistrata and Miss Helen can change the world .
It 's the best movie Lee has made in ages , possibly since 2002 's 25th Hour -LRB- which is still the best post-9 / 11 movie -RRB- , and it demands that you pay attention at all times , whether you agree with it or not .
-LSB- Lee has -RSB- been better at lobbing fireballs than aiming them .
Outrageous , gaudy , clumsy , preachy , bawdy , bizarre and certainly topical , Spike Lee 's `` Chi-raq '' is a political protest and a pop-culture explosion .
Welcome to MSNBC ... the movie !
This mashup of rap concert , poetry reading -LRB- the bulk of the dialogue is in rhyming verse -RRB- and burlesque sometimes slips into preachiness or heavy-handed satire , but even the shortcomings become part of the film 's overall strength .
It is more than a film ; it is an anguished wail of grief and fury and the most important film of 2015 .
Erupting like a scalding geyser from the ground right beneath our feet , Spike Lee 's daring , dizzying , sympathetic , symphonic , vital , vehement Chi-Raq is the most urgently 2015 movie of 2015 .
`` Chi-Raq '' is a vibrant , timely , important piece of work that stands up and says that the level of violence among young people , predominantly black men , in urban areas is unacceptable .
Spike Lee 's incendiary farce is too uneven to recommend , but its uncanny timing and sense of outrage are worth noting .
... with `` Chi-Raq , '' the old Spike is back ... The script is entirely in rhyme , part classical couplet , part echo of Chicago 's South Side rap .
It 's a teeming repository of ideas-by turns somber and profane , whimsical and hectoring , inspired and inexplicable .
In-your-face polemic , with nowhere to go once the point has been made . Repeatedly .
Solemnity is key , and Chi-Raq braves the waters , but the film 's stroke of genius is its ludicrous bent . The film swivels , and challenges us to not sit complacently . Get mad . Seriously .
`` Chi-Raq '' is a vibrant community mural of a movie , and it stretches to the horizon .
Finally , a movie about something important .
Here 's Spike Lee at his ballsiest . Who else would update Aristophanes ' Lysistrata , set in ancient Greece , to violent , present-day Chicago ? Spike thrives on raising hell . Preach , brother .
Lee has managed to again make a movie worth debating , wrestling with , and maybe even hating , depending upon how you feel about him as a director .
It 's a film of pain and rage , equally bolstered and undermined by its humor and sermonizing .
Urgent , surreal , furious , funny and wildly messy , the movie sounds like an invitation to defeat , but it 's an improbable triumph that finds Mr. Lee doing some of his best work in years .
It 's got seriousness and a hotbed of styles , but most crucially , the disarming ` Chi-Raq ' never loses its cool .
The movie is at its most irresistible when it embraces the glorious fun of words . -LRB- The chief spouter is one-man Greek chorus Samuel L. Jackson as the pimped-out ` Dolmedes , ' named in Hellenistic homage to Dolemite . -RRB-
-LSB- An -RSB- exuberant political satire .
Chi-Raq is not a state of mind or the slang moniker for a place : It is the battle cry of the moment .
Chi-Raq hits often enough to keep Spike Lee current with the times .
Lee does n't pretend to possess the answers . But at least he 's asking the hard questions , and putting them out there in a pop-culture form that engages us , moves us and motivates us to face facts and fear .
Lee is propelled by righteous anger that ca n't help but be infectious . Even at his most reckless , even outlandish , he 's on the side of the angels .
Along the way , the execution of the narrative gets muddled , but there 's no denying that this risk-taking film has a pulse . A strong pulse .
Playful and piteous , touching and tragic , full of sound moral judgment and thigh-slapping wit , it 's a film of sharp intelligence examining social ills that will , one fears , never entirely change .
`` Chi-Raq '' does n't always work , but it 's a film that dares to take chances .
It 's a movie where a viewer would be hard-pressed to point out anything that really works ; it 's too gooey to bite as satire , and too much of a cartoon to be a sincere cri de coeur for the Second City 's metastasized gang culture .
There are many words and phrases to describe Chi-Raq . Preachy . Ambitious . Polarizing . Didactic . Maddening . Uneven . Strident . Surreal . Self-indulgent . Topical . Satirical . As subtle as a hammer to the head . But boring is not one of them .
Part sermon , part stand-up special and entirely , bizarrely entertaining .
-LSB- A -RSB- n important , engaging , heartbreaking , and enraging film -- but always entertaining , always visually striking , lyrically impressive , and filled with knockout performances .
Those who dismiss Lee as a strident polemicist should take another look : `` Chi-Raq '' makes its points with a sharp wit and downright goofy humor .
Chi-Raq , like so many Lee joints , is a jumble of ideas and approaches that clash and fall flat more often than they connect .
What Aristophanes left to interpretation using ambiguity and metaphor , Lee beats down our throats , which sucks any fun right out of the film .
Chi-Raq is rude and raunchy , consistently less amusing than it thinks it is , and thickly sliced with a very dull knife . Yet if not the breakthrough that Do the Right Thing was in '89 -LRB- though there are echoes -RRB- , it 's still fundamentally on-point .
Lee knows when it 's time to preach and when it 's time to entertain .
It is intense and uneven , moving and maddening , all in just about equal measure . But an angry Lee is an interesting Lee , and he 's really angry here .
Chi-Raq is a marvel . It 's Lee resurrecting his voice - angry , impassioned and funny as hell - right when we need to hear it .
A powerful political call-to-arms -LRB- or call-away-from-arms -RRB- is dulled , but never entirely diminished , by an inconsistent third act .
It 's wildly uneven but it is wild . There 's plenty here to quibble with -LRB- the film 's title prompted outrage in Chicago -RRB- , but unassailable is its passion to bring attention and compassion to Chicago 's blood-soaked streets .
Hudson has nothing but sadness to sell , but she brings it across beautifully . Jackson has become strutting personified . No one sells raging melancholy like Bassett .
A heartbreaking tragicomic adaptation of Aristophanes ' Lysistrata set in present-day Chicago .
Its full , sardonic title is Chi-Raq , Drillinois -- not a subtle way of putting things , like the film itself , but undeniably effective .
So up-to-the-minute about our times , especially black-on-black urban gun violence in Chicago , that it has a great diss on Ben Carson .
The job of a movie like this one is to stimulate arguments and hook itself into the viewer 's imagination , and `` Chi-Raq '' accomplishes that job brilliantly .
At its best , it 's sexy and surprising . At its worst , it 's preaching to the choir - literally . And it 's a sermon we 've heard before .
Lee 's finished project is n't strong enough to meet the mounting complaints against it -- or say anything meaningful about the city 's murder rate that has n't been said better elsewhere .
Something got Lee real mad , and when he 's mad he 's at his best .
A Spike Lee joint in the urgent sociopolitical register of Radio Raheem 's boombox -- a call to arms that 's also a call to disarm .
While its ambition does show a director still aspiring for great heights , its patchy execution only partly restores the faith .
Spike Lee 's state-of-the-union address has ambition to burn , and it burns it to the ground .
The best adaptation of a classic play into ghetto fabulous fare since the inspired reinterpretation of Romeo and Juliet as Romeo Must Die -LRB- 2000 -RRB- .
As ` Chi-Raq `` s world expands , Lee 's true target comes into focus : Chi-Raq is Chicago is America , and we are all , in our own way , responsible .
While formally quite different from -LSB- Lee 's -RSB- more universally-respected early work , Chi-Raq has the exuberance and wit you 'll find in Do The Right Thing and Crooklyn . It 's the best film he 's made in a very long time .
It 's a shattering , thunderous wake-up alarm , a call to lay down arms , a gutsy social satire and a highly stylized work of fiction that sometimes feels as accurate and sobering as the crime reporting you see on the front page of this newspaper .
In `` Chi-raq , '' Lee mixes fierce agitprop with lyrical musical numbers and Greek-inspired sex farce in hip hop verse . It 's a mad combination that fittingly addresses a world of madness .
Even if the now-veteran director lays everything on a bit thick ... he 's still found a lively and legitimate way to tackle an urgent subject matter that other filmmakers have found excuses to avoid .
Frustrating and wildly uneven , `` Chi-Raq '' is also Lee 's most interesting project in nearly a decade , since the slick thriller `` Inside Man '' and the excellent Hurricane Katrina documentary for HBO , `` When the Levees Broke , '' both from 2006 .
The film itself is frustratingly inconsistent and never finds a rhythm to carry it from scene to scene .
This sprawling , blistering state-of-the-reunion-address is Spike Lee 's most vital movie in years .

@highlight

Chi-Raq is as urgently topical and satisfyingly ambitious as it is wildly uneven -- and it contains some of Spike Lee 's smartest , sharpest , and all-around entertaining late-period work .