The film showcases Lear 's talent without eulogizing him , presenting a warts-and-all take that still manages to highlight the remarkable vitality that this iconic TV man still exudes .
Watching this documentary is not only a fascinating exploration of one of television 's greatest artists , but a potent reminder of how deeply engaged we have been with this mode of storytelling .
The film is most successful when showing the genesis of Lear 's greatest works .
This is a story of a life of enormous fulfillment-eloquently told and openhearted as related by the subject himself , now in his early 90s , who knows , as he reveals , what to value in life .
The picture does n't find precision , but it summarizes nicely , delivering a fascinating portrait of a man who changed television .
As a portrait of a genius , Norman Lear : Just Another Version of You is a pleasant enough historical primer on what was the best part of television in the 1970s .
An affectionate reminder of what an impact one writer-producer had on the modern world .
Just Another Version is less sweeping than Lear 's memoir but filled with smartly chosen clips .
If the movie fails to plumb the depth of Lear 's mystery , it succeeds in being an entertaining look at an influential figure .
Their subject is just too smart , interesting and philosophically astute to not be fascinating . But you crave more , and as Archie Bunker would fondly say , `` That 's the crutch of the situation . ''
... gives moviegoers a fresh perspective on his memorable work and its continuing relevance .
The film is poetically structured and Lear is a spry , emotionally involved participant in a lively bio-doc that succeeds eulogistically and contextually .
There is a world of charm and wisdom in the film , much as there is in the man himself .
The film inserts us into a solipsistic universe of Norman Lear , one that also overlaps many of the most significant social , political , and show-biz issues of the second half of the 20th century .
To really understand Lear , go back to those superb shows .
It is worth the price of admission for the clips from All in the Family alone .
Lear was a TV pathfinder , all right , but his path is carpeted with rose petals .
The film is at its most compelling when we hear Lear 's voice - or just watch him , seated on a theatrically lit but empty stage , thumbing through scrapbooks and smiling or wincing at memories .
Lear is clearly a pretty great guy and one hell of a writer , but some more exploration into what makes Lear and his work tick would go a long way .
A fine , celebratory introduction into the career of Lear ...
An alternately penetrating and poignant portrait of a true trailblazer !
The film is by no means a waste , especially for those who do n't already know Lear 's accomplishments . It 's an undeniable treat to see a lively , vulnerable Lear on screen willing and eager to bring his storytelling wisdom to his life story .
Despite the occasionally intrusive bouts of visual artiness ... an engaging portrait of a likable and influential player in television history .
The movie is suffused with melancholy , much of it stemming from Lear 's realization that most of his life is behind him .
The 93-year-old is a legend with a zillion stories - so why is the new documentary about his life so unsatisfying ?
The doc is not hagiographic , at least , but it still feels awfully soft for a guy who had guts as strong as his .
-LSB- An -RSB- assured documentary portrait of that influential television producer .
As long as the man can reflect with such astounding clarity on his accomplishments , such a film is a valuable document .
As history it 's often thin - and it just barely namedrops Lear 's one film directing credit , the 1970 cigarette satire ` Cold Turkey ' - but the thin-ness , in a strange way , is part of the charm
While this documentary profile of TV groundbreaker Norman Lear is always interesting and affectionate in attitude , so much more might have been made of his life and career .
Ewing and Grady have made an entertaining film , and one that will likely inspire much warmth in older audiences , but as a work of filmmaking it lacks enough of those truly special moments to transcend mere tribute and work as cinema .
An entertaining documentary on the television writer and producer who pioneered socially relevant television in America .
The doc finds pathos in an amiable , fluid construction that chronologically charts the career -LRB- and political -RRB- ambitions of TV producer Norman Lear .
` Norman Lear ' paints a picture of a long-lost time when a sitcom could start a national debate - because the entire nation was watching .
Ewing and Grady 's brisk , modest -LSB- doc -RSB- escapes by a whisker the whiff of hagiography in its portrait of the 94-year-old television writer and political activist : in the case of such a loquacious while opaque character , we can take the good with the good .
If it feels a little crammed-well , we should all live such a full life .
Their picture has a fleet-footedness that separates it from the standard bio-doc , and the issues and themes presented in the well-curated clips remain as challenging and trenchant as ever .
Watching Norman Lear : Just Another Version of You is like getting a lesson on the history of television and a therapy session all in one go , and boy what a delight it is to spend a couple of hours with this sincere , flawed , funny pioneer .
A focused , illuminating spotlight on a man who gave America 's TV a clear , resonant voice .
Anybody sympathetic to Lear 's liberal politics or familiar with his artistic track record will be interested throughout , but Lear himself remains a bit out of reach , an icon presented without enough context or insight .
The trailblazing TV showrunner gets a lively tribute in Heidi Ewing and Rachel Grady 's technically imaginative doc .
We get a film that 's clearly reverential to its subject but not at the detriment of digging down into what made the man tick .

@highlight

Norman Lear : Just Another Version of You pays tribute to its subject 's brilliant legacy with an entertaining primer peppered with his own fascinating reflections .