This gentle father-son -LRB- ish -RRB- tale about an expert surfer and his teen apprentice is a rare ` family ' movie that is n't preachy or insipid .
Moribund .
While the religious undertones are largely drowned out by the endless spumy slo-mo and board porn , there 's only one way this current is flowing : towards church .
Despite a number of exhilarating surfing sequences , the interesting true story of surf legend Jay Moriarty is transformed into another dull Hollywood biopic .
It 's a relatively hackneyed drama , unable to turn the real-life story of young surfer Jay Moriarity -LRB- Johnny Weston -RRB- into a silver screen sizzler .
Like waves beating on a shore , the guff just keeps on coming .
-LSB- It -RSB- just leaves some decent shots of rising swells , breaking waves and daredevil surfers to hold the attention for two hours .
The script 's a drowner , the acting 's awash . Again and again Butler returns to the sea . He just about survives the buffeting .
Butler and Weston forge a credible bond , with able on-shore support coming from Abigail Spencer as Frosty 's saintly wife , Hunger Gamer Leven Rambin as Jay 's sweetheart and , of course , yummy mummy Shue .
By-the-numbers biopic with a lacklustre script and bland performances from both Weston and Butler , though it gets a boost from some exciting surfing sequences .
-LSB- A -RSB- neap tide of mush .
By the time it 's over , you 'll either be heading for the beach or vowing never to go in the water again .
Board-paddlers may enjoy the surfing lessons , but when it 's on dry land this is a beach to watch .
Writer/director team Curtis Hanson and Michael Apted deliver a surprisingly tepid tale that becomes cheesier and cheesier the closer it gets to its predictable payoff .
This drama , which succeeds when the characters are in the water , has little to offer when they are back on land .
Despite Butler 's considerable charm and undeniably buff appearance , Chasing Mavericks sinks in choppy water .
It 's always odd walking away from an average film , realizing there are plenty of flaws , and still kind of liking it . That 's the case with ` Chasing Mavericks . '
Almost redeemed by a thrilling final 15 minutes ; at its best during watery action scenes while avoiding the trappings of a shallow , clichéd script .
Visually it captures the combination of grace and excitement in the water , but the film drowns amid a sea of coming-of-age cliches .
Ultra-poetic , mucho exciting , crazy-realistic surf legend .
Floating atop the explosive breakers , like an overabundance of phytoplankton , is a roiling colony of clichés that stops at nothing to dominate the screenplay .
For the real Mavericks , stick with Stacy Peralta 's documentary Riding Giants .
Chasing Mavericks has an engaging story that is capably acted on land , and only gets more thrilling once it decides to get wet chasing mavericks .
Could be called the son of `` Soul Surfer '' as both movies appeal to the same audience .
An unhappy reminder of the creative wipeout Curtis Hanson 's career has unexpectedly become .
Chasing Mavericks offers some spectacular cinematic imitation of the surfing experience , but fills that mold with paint-by-numbers plot beats and characters .
It 's a perfect fortune cookie of a movie , full of bland life lessons for everybody ; would that there were some drama or style in it somewhere along the way .
Bland and uninspiring , it narrowly avoids a wipeout .
... an almost epically unwatchable drama that stands as an obvious low point in the careers of both Apted and Hanson .
Inspiring story about teen surfer has some sad moments .
Like most amateur surfers , Hanson and Apted get off to a shaky start in Chasing Mavericks ; but once they find their balance , they ride the incredible wave of Moriarity 's uplifting tale with the sure footing of the seasoned pros they truly are .
A pretty good sports tale yet the human element is just barely there .
The inspirational part becomes a letdown in the finale -LRB- when the movie tells us , as gently as possible , about Moriarity 's life after Mavericks -RRB- , but Moriarity 's good-natured determination shines through .
It might not be a complete wipeout , but it 's far away from hanging ten in any sort of awesome way . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Chasing Mavericks is one of those easily digestible , quickly forgettable movies that neither offends nor inspires .
A coming-of-age story which should end with the young boy becoming a young man . Unfortunately , fate had other ideas . As the old saying goes , God writes lousy theater .
The surfing scenes are spectacular . Unfortunately , those scenes cover about 30 minutes of a badly written , mostly boring 90-minute film .
For Hanson and Apted , this is a rather inconsequential effort .
Regardless of the limp dramatic story leading up to the film 's conclusion , `` Chasing Mavericks '' will charm surfers and wannabe surfers with its thrilling surfing sequences .
The characters here are swamped not only in huge surf , but in the unmitigated corn of a hopelessly mawkish screenplay .
The heart-pounding surfing scenes are epic but the script can barely keep its head above the waves in the dramatized biopic Chasing Mavericks .
If Chasing Mavericks is short in the originality department , at least directors Curtis Hanson -LRB- L.A. Confidential -RRB- and Michael Apted -LRB- Coal Miner 's Daughter -RRB- know how to make the film seem believable .
They should have just called it Karate Kid : Surf 's Up !
When every frayed plot device you 've predicted makes its inevitable appearance , at least you 'll have the majestic waves off the California coastline to comfort you .
Never really -LSB- delivers -RSB- the sun-in-your-face , salt-in-your-hair , sandy-cocky thrill of surfing or surf culture .
Neither Curtis Hanson nor the fellow veteran director who replaced him when Hanson took ill , Michael Apted , can do much with the hokey sequences on land .
The tsunami of schmaltzy melodrama ... threatens to swamp the proceedings , which at heart are actually kind of thrilling and inspirational .
With the massive power and mesmerizing curl of the giant waves , Chasing Mavericks is at its best offshore .
`` Chasing Mavericks '' moves as fast as a runner in waist-high water and wears out its welcome .
The outstanding big-wave footage proves more credible than the overfamiliar dramatics in Chasing Mavericks .
Granted , both directors have been adrift for the past decade , but even someone with water in his ears should have sensed that this script needed a rescue .
Never quite manages to feel like more than a surface-scraping , by-the-numbers sports flick .
At best , Butler -LRB- as the Mr. Miyagi of surfing -RRB- got to learn how to surf from a professional .
`` Chasing Mavericks '' falls into the `` Machine Gun '' category of disappointments - at best it 's a wash .
As one might assume , the surf cinematography is superb . But as a nod to the young surf king Jay Moriarty , rather than `` Live Like Jay , '' this film comes far closer to the opposite , namely a burial at sea .
Typically kind-hearted but mawkish tale ... formulaically inspiring fare .
The surfers and the surfing , along with the natural beauty of the California coastline , help balance the movie 's weak areas , including its lamentably one-dimensional protagonist .
The sinking feeling starts as soon as `` Chasing Mavericks '' opens , with Gerard Butler 's solemn narration : `` We all come from the sea , '' he intones , `` but we are not all of the sea . ''
A saccharine tsunami
With a storyline as by-the-numbers as a square dance , the movie 's one surprise comes with the closing credits -- namely , that this trite `` inspirational '' movie is the product of two world-class filmmakers , Curtis Hanson and Michael Apted .
A family movie of aggravating blandness .
At regular intervals in Chasing Mavericks , impatience is overpowered by awe .
so overstuffed with life altering events some of them drift off into the ether . What -LSB- it -RSB- does phenomenally well , however , is capture the the immense power of the ocean and the strength and wits necessary to attempt to scale its biggest waves .
The film captures the majesty and violence of the big waves and gives us a taste of their allure .
Chasing Mavericks manages to sufficiently overcome the obstacles with admittedly affecting results .
Nothing special ; decent enough considering the circumstances .
There 's a nobility in a well-made teen movie , not least because of the rarity of the breed ... -LSB- this -RSB- sports movie concerned with the physical , emotional , and moral development of a young man fruitfully aspires to the likes of Breaking Away .
`` Chasing Mavericks '' invents minor conflicts but avoids major problems , coming off less like a biographical drama than a visit from a guest lecturer during Sunday school .
Chasing Mavericks is a gentle effort with modest thematic goals , and while it 's compellingly made , its spirit is diluted by dreadful formula .
A more fitting tribute to Moriarty 's legacy ? Go buy a board and hit the deep blue yourself .
Throughout Chasing Mavericks , directors Curtis Hanson and Michael Apted fail to tap into surfing 's joy and wildness , its ability to transform a man on various levels .
Not terrible , but kind of ho-hum . Not up to Curtis Hanson 's usual standard .
A sweet ride worth catching .
No matter how much lame macho talk there is about appreciating life after you 've faced death , it 's difficult to be moved by a guy who 's facing danger that would be entirely preventable if he would just stop paddling right into it .
`` Chasing Mavericks '' ... trained its glossy , big-budget Hollywood lens on the surfing culture and did something unheard of : It got it right .
... you see what ` Chasing Mavericks ' missed entirely : the transfiguring energy that animated this remarkable child of the sea .
While Chasing Mavericks has a couple of eye-catching moments , it doles them out stingily .
`` Chasing Mavericks '' is made with more care and intelligence than many another film starting with its template might have been .
Jay 's hard work and persistence ... is inspiring . This kid 's attitude is contagious .


@highlight

It 's sweet , gentle , and affably modest , but Chasing Mavericks is ultimately pulled under by an unconvincing script and a puzzling lack of energy .