Blindness is a compelling and faithful adaptation of the novel by Nobel Prize-winning author Jose Saramango .
Give this one a go guys , you 'll see the world anew .
The picture is elongated to a punishing two hours of suffering , infuriatingly slavish screenwriting , and a director who should be gifted the miracle of a tripod this upcoming holiday season .
Like the film 's thematic elements , the camera trickery comes off as unnecessarily pretentious , the sort of thing film students applaud while mainstream audiences yawn .
It 's hard to explain all the vitriol aimed at Meirelles ' film , which is a beautifully shot picture that is as haunting and profound as it is thought-provoking .
Takes the post-apocalyptic themes of Children of Men and blends it with the jaded morality of Lord of the Flies to questionable success
Blindness is a film that is trying to come off as organic and artsy , but feels too contrived .
No matter how you look at this film , it is a chilling look at what makes us tick at our very basic nature .
Glover 's occasional all-knowing commentary and the dreary music score dull the edges of what was bound to be a challenging project .
The film is far from dull or careless but it 's not convincing as a lesson in human frailty . If you 're going to subject us to this much degradation , it has to be irresistibly believable , not just relentless .
As a study of human nature under pressure , focusing on the crimes we commit as well as the bonds of solidarity we forge , it 's unremittingly dour .
Blindness is not unmissable , and has awkwardly implausible moments , but it succeeds in sucking us into its peculiar world .
Blindness is a worthy film , and in many ways a beautifully made one - the opening and closing sequences are the best . But in between it 's heavy , gloomy and at times pretty hard to sit through .
An irritating experience
Blindness - despite its director , despite its pedigree as a respected piece of modern literature , despite its stellar cast - is a bitter disappointment .
Owes something to the sociological study of `` Lord of the Flies . ''
It 's as if director Fernando Meirelles got so wrapped up in the desolation of his story that he neglected to do anything meaningful with it .
I have to admire a mainstream movie that 's so overwhelmingly bleak , but that 's the only real distinction of this dystopian sci-fi drama .
Despite strong performances and a few compelling scenarios , it 's plain to see that Blindness does n't quite measure up to expectations .
Handicapped by pretensions to making big statements , Blindness is still gripping , disturbing and intermittently powerful .
Sadly , ` Blindness ' may realise its director 's worst fear : to produce not only an exploitation B-movie but one , paradoxically , spoiled by its own integrity and misplaced ` artistic ' mise-en-scène and intentions .
Veering between intelligent and unpleasant , this apocalyptic drama is n't without its strong moments , but is ultimately too grim and pretentious for its own good .
His actors do their best , and Moore certainly remains a powerhouse presence whenever she 's on camera . But mostly they struggle to be seen beneath the leaden messages .
Meirelles , along with screenwriter Don McKellar and cinematographer Cesar Charlone , have created an elegant , gripping and visually outstanding film .
There is much to admire about Blindness , but this striking work is all too often undermined by its sense of its own importance .
It 's a sharply realistic allegory yet its symbolic thrust - moral blindness is worse than losing your sight - is diluted by an arbitrary story that runs out of places to go .
The picture ends on a note of hope , but most of it is extremely ugly , pictorially and spiritually . It 's full of symbols and metaphors instead of believable people - but I have no idea what , if anything , it is trying to say .
Boy , this is bad . And I mean walk-out-of-the-cinema bad . So awful , in fact , that its dullness , pomposity and sheer gloominess are among the film 's better points .
Only after the audience has experienced the darkness of humankind 's soul do we start to see the light . Or at least that seems to be the message . The problem is that by the time hope arrived , The Sneak 's heart was too heavy to be lifted .
Gripping , disturbing and intermittently powerful .
Rhubarbed melodrama .
It 's prurient , sentimental , and baffling to boot .
It 's a confused compromise between ` seeing the real person ' parable , no-fun sci-fi and self-realisation drama that 's basically The Day Of The Triffids minus the killer plants .
It 's a nightmarish vision but also a bit of a mess .
Stylishly directed and superbly acted , this is a dark , disturbing and provocative sci-fi flick that is genuinely chilling .
Terrible things occur in the hospital , a gang rape in particular leaves a scarring imprint , but the film is undermined by an awful score , Danny Glover 's exposition and sentimentalism .
Una esmerada aunque tibia adaptación de una novela difícil de llevar a imágenes , que es toda una alegoría de un mundo en decadencia .
The problem with Blindness is Meirelles ' bad habit of making a terrible hash of something already done with more eloquence
poso ashimi mporei na ginei mia anthropotita dihos anthropia , an den mporei kaneis na dei tin ashimia tis , i an to thes allios , poso mporei na anteksei i ofthalmapati tis koinonikis ithikis , otan den mporei kaneis na se dei na tin kseskizeis
At it 's worst , it 's a super-Twilight Zone episode . At it 's best , it 's a grand dystopian epic of social degeneration .
A stark , uncompromising look at a dark part of human existence exposed when the most basic sense is taken away .
A sour and unexpected shock .
Blindness finds its way out of the darkness and into a muddled plotline that does the bestselling book it 's based on no favors .
The film has enough dramatic urgency and even moments of poignancy to balance its occasional heavy-handedness .
Blindness shows us a world of wide-eyed sightlessness , and it does so through a fierce vision that only occasionally loses focus .
Stilted , claustrophobic and more stylish than substantial .
Meirelles ' metaphor film becomes meaningful thanks to memorable performances .
I 'm not sure whether `` Blindness '' is the most hopeful movie I 've ever seen , or the most depressing .
Nearly drowning them all in a soup of shadow , bleach and blur , Meirelles ca n't see his own forest for the trees ; he does at least achieve a kind of allegorical myopia .
... as well-made as it is , it still plays like a Cliff 's Notes version of a much more complex work .
Fernando Meirelles replaces his usually heated human emotion with cold , clinical and repetitive case-study detachment . At least it 's courageously uncompromising , and Meirelles gets perhaps the best work ever out of the overrated Julianne Moore .
This is one of those films in which no characters have names , a device used to emphasize the point that those locked up could be you or me .
If a film is going to rub your nose in excrement , it ought to have the power to haunt you afterwards . Somehow -- for all its boldness -- Blindness lacks this .
... fails because the source material does n't easily lend itself to cinema , and because the filmmaker is clearly out of his depth .
It will -LRB- and should -RRB- make some people uncomfortable , but more importantly it 's a unique film experience and that is something difficult to pull off .
Even though it has some problems , I ended up enjoying this atmospheric tale about the evil inside of man , due to Meirelles fantastic visual style .
A movie rotten with the fear that the audience might possibly miss the point if the filmmakers do n't hammer us over the head repeatedly .
It 's the rare movie that dissects the blackness of the soul ; rarer still are ones that manage to find the darkness beautiful .
Moore comes through with a performance that is ferocious in its intensity
-LSB- It -RSB- could conceivably be shown in a Western Civ course . Like that required 100-level history course , though , the movie itself sometimes feels like swallowing your medicine .
Set in a nameless English-speaking city where people are suddenly stricken with sightlessness , it 's an allegory that never rises to the level of believability .
The adventurous should give the movie -- and absolutely the book -- a shot . But if it 's not your thing , I 'm not about to tell you it should be .
Weak story that works well as allegory .
The cool desaturated palette hides the very off-putting but necessary horror that the novel achieved . Despite a solid cast it 's a little flat .
A relentless eyesore -- like looking into the sky and having sand poured into your eyes .
A harrowing apocalyptic fable made with skill and invention , this film is so packed with ideas that it 's nearly overpowering . And this depth and relevance makes up for the somewhat over-egged filmmaking .
... watching Blindness feels a lot like being jerked around for two hours by someone who is so caught up in his own cleverness that he feels no need to explain or justify anything .
I found the depiction of a total breakdown in society 's niceties compelling , harrowing , and fascinating .
A ridiculous allegorical story that must be taken literally to be believed even though it 's so absurd .
A stunning masterpiece , enriched by the enormously talented Moore who conveys with startling assurance , the excruciating pain of human awareness and consciousness , that sight can ironically bring .
Blindness is a glum , ugly film , and pretentious in the bargain . But , perhaps least excusable , it is a fundamentally ill-conceived film , the visual depiction of a world without sight .
One of the most unpleasant viewing experiences of my life .
No doubt every reviewer who sees Blindness will dig deep for his or her own special vision-related play on words . Here is mine : Blindness is a film I wish I had n't seen .
It 's the striking contrast between the visuals and the filmmaking that makes Blindness such an odd feature .
Pretentious , yes , but scary and gripping ...
It 's a beautiful car that never quite cranks up . The book is deep allegory , lost in time and place , describing a suffocating little world . It 's hard to get at that in cinematic form .
The film is an often thought-provoking metaphor . But as a thriller , it becomes dreary .
This film rests uneasily between art and thriller , putting a huge burden on the actors , especially Julianne Moore , to convey the larger meaning of the story .
... an interesting idea that may work better on the page than on the screen . The resulting film , alas , is less than meets the eye .
I would n't blame moviegoers for wondering why anyone would want to see a movie so full of sadness . But there are plenty of reasons to go to this brilliant film , including a knockout performance by Moore .
Fernando Meirelles ' Blindness is film as punishment ; a literate and thoughtful work that 's nonetheless so relentless in its bleached-out misery that you want to look away .
Too many scenes strike the same note , and , at times , Blindness seems like a premise in search of a story , and an allegory in search of a meaning . But in its methodical and uncompromising way , it gets where it needs to go .
Visually nervy , beautifully acted , intense and philosophically compelling , it struggles to connect emotionally as it wrestles with the challenging source material .
Dully written , ponderously paced and full of one-note characters acting exactly as we 'd expect .
I kept hoping the meaning would click into place , but it never quite did . The story seems designed to apply to whatever fear is nibbling around your subconscious .
Meirelles has crafted a lurid , even hysterically visual , but dramatically trite and obvious approximation of whatever was intended by Saramago .
For all its pretension and artiness , Blindness is more like M. Night Shyamalan 's The Happening -LRB- which at least had the decency to be fast-paced and short -RRB- , right down to its upbeat and inane conclusion .
The symbolism of author Jose Saramago 's parable eludes Meirelles , and the film eventually breaks down into a series of self-conscious , stylized tics and narrative nonsense .
Blindness is pretty grim stuff , but it 's not all that involving .
Blindness is a mature , thoughtful film for adult audiences who believe cinema should address the human condition , no matter how bleak , and not just provide escapism .
Fernando Meirelles ' awkward , repulsive yet richly imagined film uses sightlessness as a trigger for the breakdown of society .
Blindness looks and feels uncomfortably real ; what redeems it is its fumbling , groping quest for mercies that may not be coming .
Does n't show us anything we have n't seen before .
Blindness leaves indelible images and unnerving feelings about physical and social disintegration . It is not easy to stomach .
A perversely enjoyable , occasionally harrowing adaptation of José Saramago 's 1995 disaster allegory .
-LSB- A -RSB- belabored allegory that fails to even set up any rules , much less abide by them .
-LSB- Fernando -RSB- Meirelles ' appalling images hit the screen with a gigantic splat .
The figures in Blindness have no names ; that 's how deep into the Valley of Allegory we are .
-LSB- a -RSB- literal-minded realization of an allegorical fable -- some stories are not improved by the filling in of details ...
A dreary apocalyptic allegory . .
There may be shafts of light at the conclusion of Blindness , but it 's a disturbing and disquieting journey .
... like an earnest lesson plan with only the most familiar lessons to impart .
But whatever power author José Saramago 's original novel possessed has been lost in translation , this movie a frustratingly disgusting journey into degradation and despair seemingly without both point or end .
I usually love post-apocalyptic flicks . There 's something so refreshing about thinking of finally having a zero credit card balance that I do n't think about the smelly beards , black market prostitution and cannibalism that will inevitably ensue .
The descent into barbarism -- hallways fouled by human waste , cruelty ` round every corner -- is both the device and the point ...
This is the type of film that you dislike one minute and then think it is totally genius the next . The latter was what I felt more often but only by a little .
Unfortunately , this silly attempt at deep cinema merely amounts to a pretentious zombie flick .
I get it . I just do n't find it all that interesting .
Murky and grainy , and showing human beings at their grimmest -- thievery , rape , betrayal , murder -- Blindness is no barrel of laughs . But it is a barrel of pretentious metaphorical musings .
Blindness is not a great film . But it is , nonetheless , full of examples of what good filmmaking looks like .
If you 've read Lord of the Flies or Animal Farm , you 'll know how things progress .
One can only assume that ` the blind leading the blind ' best describes the decision to adapt this novel in such an abysmal manner .
The sort of epic folly that can only come from a serious filmmaker .
An unnerving , disorienting fable of the darkest order .
... a puerile , preachy mess
It suggests what might have resulted if Lars Von Trier had been hired to stage a production of `` Marat/Sade '' that was cast entirely with Joe Cocker impersonators .
... a thriller , horror yarn and character study that brings to my mind `` The Lord of the Flies '' with its feel of a societal shipwreck that divides the world into its most primitive elements of good against evil .
The cast does excellent ensemble work , with each of its members contributing to the overall effect rather than seeking opportunities for star turns .
What was a poetic , exhaustively-brilliant piece of fiction has now become a clunky , clattering , ever-collapsing film of bludgeoning rhetoric
-LSB- An -RSB- unnerving trill on the classic sci-fi disaster movie : think an arthouse Day of the Triffids .
Blindness is an apocalypse movie for sophisticates ; it 'll work for you if you 're more comfortable name-checking Camus ' The Plague than 28 Days Later .
There 's a good movie here , but we get it in pieces that are sometimes hard to decipher .
Fernando Meirelles tackles José Saramago 's searing stream of consciousness novel with intriguing but mixed results .
Blindness is a face-first dive into the horror of human nature -- call it Lord of the Blind Flies -- with several memorably harrowing scenes and a compelling cast .
Salutes the vision that sees invisible things , cares for others , and refuses to abandon hope .
Blindness is provocative cinema . But it also is predictable cinema : It startles but does not surprise .
It is an allegory about a group of people who survive under great stress , but frankly I would rather have seen them perish than sit through the final three-quarters of the film .
In his effort to make a grand statement , Meirelles piles on the drama , as well as the affectations . The resulting effect dilutes the film 's power .
Stylistically fussy and dramatically confused ... a what-if story that 's become a pointless so-what movie .
All this would be unbearable without Moore , who masterfully characterizes the devoted wife 's metamorphosis into a heroicism both unwanted and unheralded .
Fascinating as sci-fi , paltry as a parable , Blindness is one of the movie year 's most daring failures .
Cinematographer César Charlone is inventive , his shots ranging from oversaturated with whiteness to distorted silhouettes and double exposures .
Scene by scene , Blindness self-destructs . One begins to resent the art-crowd cast 's willingness to do anything remotely nihilistic .
The extremes are so barbaric few audiences will sit through them , and despite the allegorical intentions , the apocalyptic literary views in the José Saramago novel upon which it is based fail to translate coherently to the screen .
It 's too easy a joke to say that Blindness lacks vision ; more accurate to say that it lacks control , lucidity and humanity , the last being a particularly calamitous absence in a film about civilization in crisis .
Blindness bleeds seriousness and lofty intentions from its every frame , but it 's a didactic bore .
The result makes for a traumatic viewing experience , but never does Mereilles convincingly illuminate the wrenching fear of his source material .
An absorbing -LRB- if admittedly flawed -RRB- thought-piece . It engaged me throughout and I found the ending to be surprisingly hopeful .
Blindness feels at once honorably serious and way too pleased with its own soothsaying . You stagger from the dimness of the cinema , beaten down and longing for the light .
Brilliant production design compliments the film with its ` warning ' flashes of white -LRB- a coat , headlights -RRB- in the hours before catastrophy strikes and a quick descent into hell once it does ...
As the players enact the fall and rebirth of civilization , Meirelles suggests that even a society gone to hell looks better with a little music-video-like pizzazz .
The stellar performances , impeccable production design and stirring , though occasionally flashy , cinematography make Blindness worth the suffering it inflicts on its audience .
The director 's parade of self-conscious compositions and pushy musical cues ... prove most repellent of all .
... an utterly misguided disaster that 's a sure candidate for the worst of the year .
Representa ums promissora oportunidade para que Meirelles desenvolva uma ampla alegoria sobre os rumos que a sociedade ocidental moderna vem tomando .
Ignore that wretched Riviera buzz , because Blindness is a haunting work and a wonderful distillation of José Saramago 's novel .
Director Fernando Meirelles ' adaptation of Jose Saramago 's allegorical novel about a society that goes blind loses all credibility in Don McKellar 's particularly naïve screenplay .
The personal and mass chaos that would result if the human race lost its sense of vision is conveyed with diminished impact and an excess of stylish tics in Blindness .
Earnest and dreary .
Meirelles ' adaptation of the popular novel is flawed -- central acts are weak and lack power -- but in its good moments , it 's a thought provoking , visually impressive meditation on the fragility of humanity , an apt reflection of the post 9/11 zeitgeist







@highlight

This allegorical disaster film about society 's reaction to mass blindness is mottled and self-satisfied ; provocative but not as interesting as its premise implies .