With its wry moments and poetic interludes , this is a film that takes its time , though time is all the old-age home 's residents have . But it 's the mixture of melancholy , wistfulness , and ennui here that makes the headiest , heartiest cocktail .
Rare is the `` cartoon '' that penetrates and even haunts ; Wrinkles is not easily forgotten .
Literally dedicated to `` all the old people of today , and of tomorrow , '' this animated look at aging is deeply humanistic , immensely moving , often hilarious and quite , quite wonderful .
Unfolding in simple yet wonderfully expressive hand-drawn frames , the film 's unsparingly observant plot depicts the slide into senility with empathy and imagination .
Wrinkles does n't offer the aesthetic rewards necessary to make its sad material compelling .
Heavy doses of humor and empathy , along with gorgeous hand-drawn animation , keep things from getting too morbid .
A beautiful , subtle horror movie about the rigors of old age , made all the more horrifying because it will happen to all of us fortunate enough to live a long life .
In its visionary dream and flashback sequences , the film becomes a comment on the rapidly diminished state of traditional animation .
The film does n't wallow in grief ; it 's a thoughtful and nuanced portrait of a stage of life we often choose not to see .
Lots to love here , but it 's all perhaps a little soft .
Wrinkles is a nuanced , rich look at human frailty and the beauty of life , alternating between frank and tenderly humane notes with perfect precision , making the conventional beats its story does hit genuinely poignant .
A charming production , poignant and tender and one that is bound to move and compel you - while remaining so effortlessly subtle throughout .
A surprising thing indeed - an intelligent , entertaining , altogether unsentimental evocation of the experience of old age .
The animation is simple but lovely .
The film has a defiance and humour reminiscent of One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest . It 's far more uplifting than its subject matter might suggest .
It 's a compact and obliquely moving film , deftly constructed to let the dying of the light arrive , not as sunset , but a kind of dawn .
Bleak , funny , sympathetic and desperately sad ...
An unsparing look at the winter of life , salted with humour and emotion .
This movie has the same desolate quality as Philip Larkin 's poem The Building , and yet it is tender and lovable , too .
Poignant animated feature about senior citizens is one the year 's best Spanish films .
The subject of old age gets the kind of attention it deserves but is too rarely afforded in the affecting Wrinkles .
There are some really charming moments of cheeky wit found within Wrinkles , and anybody that has experienced a loved one going through Alzheimer 's will surely find the material quite effecting .
Animated tale about the travails of the elderly has heart and humour .
A thought-provoking consideration of ageing from the perspective of the elderly that is , perhaps ironically , hard to forget .

@highlight

Poignant and tender without succumbing to schmaltz , Wrinkles offers a thoughtful -- and beautifully animated -- look at old age .