Mega Swindle vs Giant Rip-Off
If ever there was a film that seemed designed with Mystery Science Theater 3000 in mind , this is it .
a goofy if not entertaining piece of filmmaking
The risible special effects and the clumsy acting recall not Roger Corman productions but the ineptitude of Ed Wood , though the result is far less endearing .
How this ever got released is a mystery . Unwatchable , almost unreviewable , this stupid monster movie makes the Bela Lugosi swan song Plan 9 from Outer Space look like a masterpiece .
Like a feud between Dannii Minogue and Cheryl Cole , you do n't care who wins , but it 's fun to watch . Alas , the preceding 80 minutes are n't . Great title , lousy film .
Daft , plain daft . With a few daft but spectacular stunts .
How could one hate a film where a giant shark jumps out of the sea and brings down a plane ?
Perez 's film ought to be an hour-and-a-half of beery , dumb-ass fun . Instead it has the weary air of a genuinely disastrous disaster movie . Size , it seems , matters after all .
This film is bad on every level . In fact , it 's bad on levels hitherto unexplored by mainstream cinema .
What a drag . This grabby-titled disaster flick - splashing across the pond on a tidal wave of chuckly publicity - is a damp squib .
They fight , and look rubbish , and one eats an aircraft . Is bad the new good ? I wish . Sometimes bad is just tacky .
For those of you familiar with the trailer , you may as well stop here because you 've already seen the best bits , pretty much in their entirety .
Shonky script , shonky FX , shonky acting , and less money than Michael Bay gets out of bed for make this a disappointment after the chuckles generated from that hilarious promo on YouTube .
The acting is terrible -LRB- and not in a good way -RRB- , the script is boring and if you 've seen the trailer you 've already seen all the effects shots .
So simplistically done that it makes you feel like you could make a better movie than this on your home computer
So bad , it 's gone past good , hung a left at awful , went screaming down hackwork highway for 50 miles and ended up somewhere in the vicinity of terrible - but-actually-quite-good-fun .
Better than Transformers 2 !
With a bigger special effects budget Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus would be a guaranteed cult classic in the making .
Schlock may be an acquired taste , like caviar , foie gras , and Arby 's , but it 's hard to see how anyone would n't enjoy this extremely tacky dish .

@highlight

With shoddy FX , acting and directing . This is n't so bad it 's good . It 's just so bad it 's terrible .