But as much as his style and personal experience fuel the story , Melancholia doubly thrives as a vehicle for its actors , especially Kirsten Dunst .
Kirsten Dunst already won the best actress award at the last Cannes Film Festival , and the film is characterized by a tense plot , a specialty of Lars von Trier -LRB- Antichrist -RRB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Suffering from a vague script , vague performances , and even vaguer mise-en-scène , Lars von Trier 's `` Melancholia '' achieves a strange momentum towards the abstraction of scattershot filmmaking reminiscent ... of his Dogme days .
Despite its sci-fi premise and air of apocalyptic doom , Melancholia , surprisingly enough , is a small film , locating both its terror and its humor .
The fact that the world ends with a pleasurable whimper in Melancholia is highly appropriate ; even the final conflagration turns out to be an over-hyped non-event .
-LSB- Kristen -RSB- Dunst shines here as a woman who is trying to live a normal life yet ca n't ignore the sense that she is being emotionally crushed .
In Melancholia , von Trier has created a mission statement of a masterpiece , one that reminds us that nihilism itself can serve as a legitimate form of creation , a means as well as The End .
Though far from Mr. von Trier 's best , its power is still undeniable .
This is the greatest movie ever made about depression , full stop .
The journey von Trier has taken to this one immaculate moment has been bold to say the least , but at long last , he has revealed his full ability , and the result is his masterwork .
It 's the little moments that annihilate us , every day , every normal day . Days that do n't end , days when the end of the world is a comfort that the sick like Justine can not afford .
A strong central performance from Kirsten Dunst , this is one of the best Lars von Trier films yet made .
Melancholia is not about the end of the world , but the end of a feeling : happiness .
You would think that material like this would make for a fascinating film , but unfortunately that does n't end up being the case .
An extraordinarily ambitious exercise in nihilism .
Much more compelling than the narratively confused Tree of Life , and a welcome return to form for the mad Dane .
While existence hangs in the balance in Melancholia , von Trier 's fatalistic embrace of impending doom is starkly beautiful and strangely reassuring .
A lot of people will hate Melancholia for all the reasons it 's not like other sci-fi films or traditional dramatic films - and others such as myself will love it for its difference .
While I appreciated what it was trying to do , I was n't wild about it .
This is not a feel-good movie . This is the frigid , hard-to-embrace cinematic opposite of a feel-good movie , in fact -- all wrapped in one long , dark metaphor for depression .
It 's impossible not to be moved in a profound way by the small events that take place within the larger one .
A strange mix of apocalyptic sci-fi and darkly comic social drama , the film is glacially slow in tempo but filled with stunning , gorgeously shot images . It will annoy as many viewers as it charms .
It 's an enormous pity Trier did n't find/commission an overarching score that supported his vision .
Melancholia takes great pleasure in distressing its audience with ugly , harrowing imagery and behavior , but , more often that not , Von Trier 's film is an exhibition of life 's beauty and the shame it would be to watch it burn .
... a seriously oppressive piece of work .
Pitched as a beautiful movie about the end of the world , Melancholia succeeds .
A divine piece of post-apocalyptic cinema .
Von Trier finds a way to give his characters a moment of grace , of the sort we 're not used to seeing in his films . That feels like artistic growth , even if he had to destroy the world to get there .
An overpowering large-screen experience for those willing to enter von Trier 's ` magic cave , ' where emotional ` reality ' trumps the laws of physics .
... a formally rigorous film , but it 's not particularly difficult to watch . It does have a way of burrowing into your subconscious , of lingering like an infection , or a scar . No , like something premeditated and permanent - a tattoo . An expiration date .
Melancholia clearly showcases Kirsten Dunst as a bona fide force of nature : something that 's been hitherto overlooked or ignored . For that alone , it gets my vote .
It 's impossible to guess what the end of the world might look like or how you might behave , but this alternately surreal , seductive and sobering descent into dystopia is as entertaining and good a guess as anybody 's .
some gargoyle-like version of German romanticism or a chick flick ... maybe ... both
Occasionally gripping , at times fascinating and often just plain dull , this terminally long and episodic drama with sci-fi overtones is a curious work
as an epic metaphor for the devastating effects of depression , the film is not without its merits , although said merits are often stretched to their breaking point or overshadowed by meandering narrative digressions and inexplicable human behavior
A rather on-the-nose metaphor for a depressive 's gloomy state of mind , but an effective one .
Someone give `` Melancholia '' an award for most literal title .
Leave it to Lars von Trier to begin his latest with movie history 's most transcendently gorgeous spoiler .
A curious , voluptuous piece of work from von Trier 's fantasy orbit .
Working with a new cinematographer , Manuel Alberto Claro , von Trier employs super-slow-motion and digitally painted heavenly vistas for operatic effect .
I am haunted by it in ways I ca n't make entirely clear in my own mind . I 'm also not sure I want to watch it again , though I feel I 'll be drawn to do so .
Ambitious but very flawed .
I found the film magnificent .
`` Melancholia '' is a hauntingly beautiful meditation on depression that is as likely to exasperate as many people as it moves .
I was rooting for the planet Melancholia to pull off its impossible scripted orbital maneuver so it could at last put this stupid movie out of its misery .
Melancholia floats in an air of supernatural malaise and tension , a melancholy mirrored in everything and everyone .
Lars von Trier has created a deeply personal examination of the the extremes of depression . This is n't a film about the ` global ' end of the world . It 's a film about what the end of the world inside one person feels like .
Despite the modest budget , ` Melancholia ' is breathtaking to look at .
All the lovely packaging ca n't disguise the fact that the movie has far more pretension than profundity .
Beautiful doom , gloom , and the peaceful certainty of the end of the world . What 's not to love ?
Pretentious nonsense .
` Artful hooey ' might be the best critical shorthand . Dunst gives a captivating performance , her best in years , but the audience is still left on the outside of her character , looking for a way in .
Melancholia will haunt you for days , maybe weeks .
A severe and ecstatic work of art .
The destruction of all life has never been rendered with more operatic beauty or cruel finality . ... -LSB- Melancholia -RSB- offers only unforgiving yet aesthetically gorgeous scorn .
It 's one of the year 's most provocative films .
No moviemaker I know creates psychodramas so hard to watch and difficult to forget . If we esteem Sylvia Plath , Vincent van Gogh and Samuel Beckett , Von Trier deserves our attention , too .
Imaginative and apocalyptic , it 's perhaps more admirable than enjoyable .
Another film for the record books by the indescribable Lars Von Trier . A must see for his fans , a good one to give a miss , for others .
It 's a credit to the director 's persistence of vision that he finds such eerie images to adorn this wispy tree of death . Like a newborn planet , `` Melancholia '' is magnetically beautiful , but it 's also an unformed mass of hot air .
The best part of the movie is the eight-minute prologue ... one of the most arresting and unforgettable sequences I 've seen in a movie this year .
Melancholia is the best film of von Trier 's storied career .
Where did Melancholia come from ? It 's best not to ask . The explanation for the planet 's origins is so preposterous that veteran science-fiction writers everywhere must be rolling their eyes .
Always engrossing , Melancholia nevertheless lies behind von Trier 's impenetrable pane of glass .
To understand von Trier one must accept Gregory of Nazianzus 's explanation of the ascetic doctrine as `` the pleasure of no pleasure . ''
Von Trier 's plotting is n't always up to the level of his visuals or his emotionally-loaded philosophizing , but on the increasingly timid stage of world cinema he continues to be a giant among ants .
Dirge-like experimental sci-fi end of the world tale .
Von Trier has thought his conceit through , and his vision was thorough enough to attract a superb cast to join him on his one-way joyride to hell .
Melancholia is a challenge for a critic . It may stymie reviewers . Some viewers will find it tedious and a total waste of time . Others will find it engrossing and rich in symbolism -- a veritable work of art .
The blackly comic tone and bracing family drama of the first half is some of the best work von Trier has ever done .
Bizarre , sometimes tedious , occasionally amazing .
A masterfully-made , superbly-acted movie with admirably big ideas to explore .
Von Trier employs an all-star cast , evocative imagery and Wagner 's prelude to his opera `` Tristan und Isolde '' to spectacular , haunting effect .
The director 's emotional sadism and laughable bluntness in his symbolic approach leave us in the cold , to pick through the art-auction catalog of Manuel Alberto Claro 's cinematography and contemplate Dunst 's award-winning suffering .
Dunst gives a strong , hard-bitten performance even though she is playing an attitude rather than a character .
The language of currency on screen is English . The tone is von Trier . The focus is fuzzy .
The end of the world , von Trier-style , is a middling thing as a film .
` Melancholia ' another Lars von Drear slog .
It 's a planet that ca n't come soon enough for her , but one that I kept willing away . Not , I 'm a little embarrassed to say , to save humanity from Melancholia , but simply to stay in this remarkable movie 's presence just a little longer .
There 's something about the solemn , gloomy , often overwhelmingly powerful experience of watching Melancholia . I 'll give it this much : This is a hard movie to forget .
To my mind , Melancholia is both absorbing and absurd . It opens with a visual prologue that turns out to be a précis of the film that is to follow .
The most composed and beautiful and conspicuously adult film of -LSB- von Trier 's -RSB- career ...
Though not perfect , this end-of-days is unlike anything we 've seen before . The images are disturbingly , gorgeously mind-boggling , a cinematic wonder that you might want to view twice . That is , if there 's still time
A coolly fatalistic reconciliation that not only accepts but embraces Von Trier 's mental illness .
There is not much reason for anything in ` Melancholia . ' When others fall apart and break down , madness is the only preservative .
Pain is n't the path to sainthood but , often , only more misery . There 's nothing beautiful about it at all . Except , perhaps , to von Trier , who continues to find it inspiring -- particularly when it 's being visited upon pale , pretty , naked young women .
For you von Trier haters , this might wind up being the movie that finally draws you over to the dark side .
Aggravating as -LSB- von Trier -RSB- may be at times , is n't that the price we pay to sit in a movie theater and actually use our brains ?
Melancholia is a real work of art .
Like its titular emotional state , Melancholia gets under your skin and sticks with you long after it 's over .
The apocalypse has never looked better .
I see Lars Von Trier movies to remind me why I hate Lars Von Trier movies .
A masterwork of grandeur , millennial angst and high romantic style , `` Melancholia '' takes themes that have marked the best films of 2011 and spins them into a blast of cosmic sparkle dust .
One of the year 's most emotionally resonant art movies .
Von Trier remains a potent writer/director and master manipulator of images and moods .
This is a fearless film -- a merciless and haunting view into a pit of despair .
If only Lars von Trier took into account that audiences might actually want to enjoy `` Melancholia , '' rather than endure it , or sift through it , or submit to the director 's will , he might have made something extraordinary .
It 's about depression , but it is n't depressing at all . In the hands of Mr. von Trier , himself no stranger to emotional distress , bedazzlement is depression 's surprising byproduct .
For stretches of the film , von Trieria is as welcome as Siberia . You must stay to the end for a potent payoff , when the tragic magic of the opening scenes is reasserted .
No one creates richer overtures on screen than von Trier . As `` Melancholia '' begins , music from Wagner 's `` Tristan and Isolde '' floods a series of discrete , striking images .
It is a lighter Von Trier , a lovely Von Trier , a seriously romantic Von Trier that emerges from `` Melancholia , '' and I quite hope he stays around .
If you can stand it , `` Melancholia '' pivots drastically at its midpoint , and becomes something else , something far more watchable .
It is unsettling and confounding but also beautiful and damned .
Watching `` Melancholia '' is like being stuck next to a brilliant depressive at a dinner party . The food is exquisite , the conversation scintillating , and the longer you sit there the more trapped you feel in another man 's all-encompassing gloom .
A mind-blowing end-of-the world drama that challenges us to take stock of our beliefs , feelings , and fears about death .
Melancholia is a potent beauty of a film , and Kirsten Dunst gives an incomparable performance .
an exquisitely choreographed setpiece
It 's the Lars von Trier movie for people who hate Lars von Trier movies . -LRB- Or for this person , at any rate . -RRB-
Apocalyptic visions are nothing new in cinema , but they 're almost always epic in scale ; Von Trier 's innovation is to peer down the large end of the telescope , observing the end of the world in painfully intimate terms .
Do n't hold Lars von Trier 's past transgressions against him .
Nearly everyone in this film is unlikeable , their actions inexplicable . And the pace is so lugubrious that it 's hard not to succumb to Justine 's glum mood .
... -LSB- a -RSB- gorgeous , clever and eventually laughable misanthropic tease .
Glorious compositions wedded to rigidly controlled visual hysteria . There 's simply nothing like it onscreen .
Stunningly beautiful , remarkably powerful . Easily one of the year 's best movies .
`` Melancholia '' is emphatically not what anyone would call a feel-good movie , and yet it nonetheless leaves behind a glow of aesthetic satisfaction .
With a nod to Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris , von Trier uses the proximity of a mysterious planet more as the basis for existential drama than science fiction .
If I were choosing a director to make a film about the end of the world , von Trier the gloomy Dane might be my first choice .
A deeply meditative film with stunning visuals , Melancholia brilliantly captures the chaos and calm before the storm .
A few moments of startling imagination , between which are sandwiched almost two hours of dreary , opaque storytelling .
Depression finally seems to have brought out the best in Lars von Trier : `` Melancholia '' is his strongest work in a while , a devastatingly beautiful , operatic mixture of all his signature themes and visual schemes .
What , exactly , is the point ? Only the director of a pile of crap that includes Dogma , Dancer in the Dark and Antichrist knows for sure , and even that is severely doubtful .
Life sucks , people are awful , we 're all going to die , and good riddance . Who says Lars von Trier does n't like happy endings ?
Unfortunately , in his pursuit of an artistic vision , von Trier has thrown logic , physics , and coherence out the window .
... even when I was getting a little fed up with the film I was still almost entirely engaged by it . Your own reaction will depend on your own indulgence , I suspect .
The strong character dynamics we 've seen in von Trier 's previous work is spoiled when filtered through the seemingly addled mind that brought us Antichrist .
The vision is as hateful as it is hate-filled , but the fusion of form and content is so perfect that it borders on the sublime .
Depression is like an enormous rogue planet entering your solar system and ripping your world apart ... Seek treatment ... and ask your doctor about Larsvontrieramide , for clinical depression and symbolic planetary destruction syndrome .
Von Trier 's latest fable is nothing without its blaze of majesty -- or , as his detractors would say , its bombast .
A moving rumination on mental illness and maybe the first time since `` Breaking the Waves '' that von Trier has looked at one of his characters as an actual human being .
As a fluid drama , Melancholia never quite clicks , but as a study of depression and a display of Kirsten Dunst 's capabilities as an actress , it 's an engrossing success .
Awesome special effects emulating the terrifying splendor of the end of days collide with an austere portrait of the varying reactions and outlooks that people are apt to experience as they stare death irrefutably in the face .
Melancholia is a heartbreakingly beautiful experience , one to selfishly guard and treasure .
Melancholia is a remarkable mood piece with visuals to die for -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- , and a performance from Dunst that runs the color spectrum of emotions .
Von Trier 's Melancholia , befitting its title , is a sad , meditative film , brilliantly written and startlingly beautiful to behold ... It cries out to be seen and discussed .
Another unique , challenging piece of work from one of the world 's most consistently creative filmmakers .
... while von Trier has created an exquisite looking and sounding work , it fails to engage emotionally .
It 's an oddly tasteful , composed take on doomsday , utilizing the inexplicable influence of depression to approach and decode a hostile subject . With Lars Von Trier , I would n't expect anything less .
We are alone , and yet Melancholia dares to imagine -LRB- and insist we do as well -RRB- the one event that might bring us all together .
Like all of Von Trier 's work , Melancholia requires seeing beyond the surface of what he shows us to find the connections between his characters and ourselves .
Melancholia is pure cinema without peer . And von Trier once again proves himself to be one of history 's greatest audio/visual poets .
Melancholia hovers in ambiguity with riveting aesthetic prowess .
You , too , might well be as depressed as Claire 's husband and fed-up event organiser Kiefer Sutherland who makes a sensible exit from the pretentious mess .
One of the best films of 2011 , a stunningly original examination of that which is completely out of our control .
He does n't push , steering clear of stock effects and stingy music cues . This is an infinitely confident filmmaker , and ` Melancholia ' is his best work in a decade .
Just as open to accusations of arse-aching pretension as it is accolades of genius , just as likely to be greeted with a shrug as it is with furrow-browed awe .
Von Trier seems content to broach ideas rather than explore them and , consequently , his movie is technically accomplished and teasing rather than intellectually provocative .
Heavy , though without weight or gravitas - a solipsistic , narcissistic , inhuman affair .
No one else since Ingmar Bergman and Chantal Akerman has so consistently and illustriously particularized the disintegration of females stuck in an interminable , patriarchal dystopia .
Trying is n't doing , however , and Melancholia is ultimately beset by the same nagging problems that plague all of von Trier 's more subdued works .
Because it 's von Trier , there is a grim humour at work , but that does n't mean he 's unsympathetic or sneery .
An unwieldy , quasi-operatic fable about manic depression , existential angst , transcendence and the end of the world .
An operatic celebration of taking the whole world with you .
Melancholia is a strangely hypnotic and beautifully imagined ode to human suffering that feels burdensome with the impending planetary doom casting an even greater dark cloud .
-LSB- A -RSB- pretentious , spiritually unattractive piece of grandiose self-indulgence ...
The film 's first images , premonitions of doom made lyrical , incise themselves on your brain .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Melancholia is incredibly eerie , and is lent an exciting frisson by the authenticity of an actress and filmmaker with first-hand experiences of psychological trauma .
Melancholia steadily grows more transfixing as the shadow of impending extinction looms over its characters , building to a forceful climax that will lift you out of your seat .
When the film threatens to spin totally off its axis and into the deep space of boredom , it is Dunst , capricious , tender and frightening , who keeps it on course .
Stunningly directed , beautifully shot and superbly written , this is a mesmerising and powerfully moving end-of-the-world drama with a glorious soundtrack and a career-best performance from Kirsten Dunst .
Certainly challenging in its length and sparseness , Melancholia nevertheless offers up transcendent visuals , and with Kirsten Dunst 's career-best performance , a stunningly authentic portrayal of depression .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Lars von Trier evinces consolation for the end of planet Earth and all its evil inhabitants in the form of a colossal planet named Melancholia , travelling on an elliptical collision course .
Audacious , beautiful , tactful filmmaking and perhaps the perfect match for The Tree Of Life on a bipolar double bill .
Despite the dismal circumstances , there 's something downright rousing about the material . This is a film that you can feel and that in itself is a commendable accomplishment .
Melancholia is a film of few epiphanies and even fewer insights , and as artful as the film 's doom and gloom may be , its symbolism flounders .
It 's certainly the type of work that demands a lot from the audience , but I found it to be a stunning , altogether worthwhile film .
A fantastic performance from Kiefer Sutherland .
Beginning and ending with a bang , but with too much whimpering in between , Melancholia is low-key Lars . But committed turns and poetic visuals will ease you through to The End .
It 's unfortunate Von Trier has such bad reputaion -LRB- kicked out of Cannes due to anti-Semitic remarks -RRB- , for Melancholia , a restrained , meditative film about the end of the world , boasting a terrific turn by Kirsten Dunst , is a striking work .
The drama is clunky , but the visual experience paradoxically uplifting .
` Melancholia ' is literally a book on filmmaking , a flawless piece of art that should be shown to every aspiring director/writer/etc . until the end of the Earth , and the universe .
The movie should have been titled ` Full-blown Depression ' instead !
I wanted to like Melancholia more than I did , but it is still an immensely rewarding film .
Melancholia is not just a visual marvel ... it 's an emotional journey . You feel for the characters , you pity them , you pray for them , and ... you hope that you 're different , even though you understand too well what they 're going through .
Não deixa de ser uma constatação doce e surpreendente perceber que mesmo o mais pessimista dos cineastas é capaz de reconhecer que , em última análise , temos algo extremamente valioso , insubstituível e reconfortante : o amor daqueles que nos cercam .
Unlike von Trier himself , Melancholia is surprisingly uncontroversial in content , but remains an interesting take on the psychology of the apocalypse .
`` Melancholia '' is aesthetically ravishing , but dramatically pretty dull .
Sincere , haunting , powerful cinema .
Dunst is convincing ; the explosive climax delivers an emotional kick , and the visuals are ravishingly beautiful and audacious .
Dunst does the best work of her career in this film , riding the tricky tonal shifts as if were the easiest thing in the world .
Simply descends into chaotic banality ...
-LSB- The -RSB- mind-blowing Melancholia offers perhaps the gentlest depiction of annihilation one could imagine from any director , much less the Danish provocateur .
For all the film 's command of dark fairy-tale atmosphere it 's such a long and sluggish haul that many in the audience will find themselves cheering on the apocalypse .
It 's visually stunning from beginning to end , with the opening and closing moments in particular being -LRB- quite literally -RRB- breathtaking .
It 's truly Von Trier 's film , from the baroque style he employs to the personal aspects of the protagonist 's straight-outta-DSM-V symptoms .
Although Melancholia , by its very title , declares a mournful state of mind , the movie is , in fact , the work of a man whose slow emergence from personal crisis has resulted in a moving masterpiece , marked by an astonishing profundity of vision .
It looks wonderful , and almost every-one in the cast shares the intensity Von Trier always brings to his films .
Even as a longtime Von Trier doubter , I now have to admit it grows on you ; there 's a mawkish fascination and some flashes of real visual brilliance ...
If it 's true that misery loves company , maybe this is von Trier 's way of reaching out . Melancholia may be as close as he 'll ever come to wrapping us in a bear hug .
There 's a disconnect here between concept and execution -- a sort of desultory , moment-to-moment clumsiness -- that makes Melancholia feel like therapy poorly disguised as drama .
Dunst is exceptional , so utterly convincing in the lead role - trouble , serene , a fierce savant - that it feels like a career breakthrough .
Von Trier takes his title at face value and infuses his film with a laidback , removed air , too free of real ideas , in contrast to the careful working of his imagery .

@highlight

Melancholia 's dramatic tricks are more obvious than they should be , but this is otherwise a showcase for Kirsten Dunst 's acting and for Lars von Trier 's profound , visceral vision of depression and destruction .