It 's a little bit of a musical , a little bit of a sports film , a little bit coming-of-age story . And none of it , beyond the dancing , any good .
... the film as a whole lacks the energy of its dance numbers .
At a time of year when theaters are filled with flashy , fun , but empty offerings , Stomp The Yard is a surprisingly satisfying alternative .
It 's not a great movie , no , and maybe not even a particularly good one . But it 's likable and unassuming , and the dancing is off the hook , or whatever the kids are saying these days .
There is so much yet so little on the screen : so much movement and action , but so little to cling on to . So much angst , so little context .
An inspirational dance movie , which , like an inspirational sports movie , runs on predictable rails .
The dynamic dance sequences have all the right moves , but there 's precious little to hold the attention once the music stops .
Driven along by a decent cast who really turn it on during the musical moments , letting their steps tell the story .
The performances are good but the heavily cliched script ensures that there 's very little of interest here , unless you 're a massive stepping fan .
There 's little here for British eyes .
The Yard is a minefield of clichés - step at your peril .
Decidely average teen drama but with a few decent dance numbers .
Sylvain White should be chained to a chair ... for the migraine-inducing crimes he commits , which rob the numbers of any joy or human flavor they might have possessed .
If there is any sort of cultural relevance to be found in a movie like Stomp the Yard , it 's that spectacles do n't even matter anymore : We just need the possibility of a spectacle .
The plot was stomped on a bit , but it is watchable .
Benign nonsense .
You will never see stomping like this as I 'm sure it took months of training to pull off all these incredible dance scenes .
Stomp the Yard is a much better movie than its trailers would indicate , and better than many of its predecessors in the teen-dance genre .
Clearly , someone is getting served here but it certainly is n't the audience .
Director Sylvain White , whose last film was the equally unnecessary I 'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer , manages to take the joy out of a dance movie by jerking the camera around and speeding up the dance moves so much .
Although the film does n't offer anything startlingly original ... it offers something positive in a genre that often is much better known for exploitation than inspiration .
The promising beginning goes unrealized .
Frenetic , raucous , exhilarating fable about finding your place in a group .
A United Negro College Fund PSA for anyone interested in obtaining a Ph.D. in bling and booty calls . A mind is a terrible thing to lose .
The dancing and performances in ` Stomp the Yard ' are fresh enough , but the plot is stale .
Enjoyed Drumline and even Step Up , so I took a look at Stomp . Columbus Short as DJ is strong as well as some of the steppin , but after the 1st act the film loses its edge .
You know , I 've never been ashamed to admit I 'm a sucker for a dance movie .
We 've seen this a billion times before in all sorts of musical styles . Cheap melodrama is cheap melodrama .
It 's too bad they missed a few beats because it throws the movie just out of sync .
We have drugs , gangs , guns , and rock n ' roll , but dancing is a form of street toughness ? What 's next , to-the-death tickle matches ?
The moves can be remarkable , though ritually repetitive -- male chorus lines of adrenalized automata acting out anger , menace , pride , audacity or joy .
Hollywood has a few well-rutted stories it likes to tell over and over , and Stomp The Yard includes at least five of them .
Stomp the Yard is a strange and at times strangely compelling mix of black fraternity recruitment video and inspirational tale about a hip-hop boy in a stepping world .
These kids are on the fast track to becoming Kevin Federline .
Despite its predictability , all that stompin ' in this Yard will get you moving in your seat .
Anyone who 's seen the far superior Drumline -- or any sports movie at all , for that matter -- will experience a nagging sense of deja vu upon viewing this one .
Perhaps director Sylvain White hoped that this laughably melodramatic film might find its way into the pantheon of urban dance films . But seen against such films as Rize and You Got Served , it 's a step in the wrong direction .
Typical of dance movies , there 's a bit of story to fill the gaps between energetic sessions of movement . Director Sylvain White captures loads of feverish step action with stylishly jittery camerawork , muted colors and claustrophobic framing .
The film introduces too many elements , doubles back on itself , repeats and repeats the same information , starts and stops , includes needless tangential riffs , finds artificial means to stretch the running length and is in every way a flabby mess .
-LSB- Director Sylvain -RSB- White has a good cast but directs the fiercely macho dances in a choppy , video-buzzed manner that breaks up patterns and fuzzes some steps .
Unlike Spike Lee 's School Daze , Stomp the Yard barely explores the social dynamics of its university setting beyond the fraternities ' ` step ' competition .
The script , based on an earlier screenplay by a Florida A&M alum , accomplishes little -- it 's basically Drumline , with dancing instead of drum corps .
The cast adds little . Columbus Short , a dancer-turned-actor , can move well , but he mugs too much for the camera when he 's supposed to be having fun , and barely holds the screen when he 's not .
The movie starts with furious team dance-offs , but these are n't as interesting as they should be . Camera trickery keeps slowing down or speeding up everyone 's movements , which destroys the amazement factor raised by the documentary Rize .
What we get is scene after scene of exhilarating routines , all leading up to the big finale . And with two furiously intense teams ready to dance each other off the stage , it 's an absolute winner .
The performance sequences are explosively exciting , and Short 's acting is almost as accomplished as his acrobatic dance routines .
It 's a shame that nearly everything in the middle of Stomp the Yard is so predictable , because the opening and closing dance competitions are filled with amazing moves and other surprises .
It 's impossible not to warm up to -LSB- actor Colubmus -RSB- Short 's quiet intensity , and you ca n't beat the ferocious performance battle that rocks the stage in the film 's final showdown . Do n't be surprised if you leave the theater stomping your feet .
Some viewers may feel as if they 're sharing in the struggle and splendor that leads to a national step-dancing tournament . But the more you 've seen this sort of inspirational tale before , the less likely you are to be interested in its parade of clichés .
The problem is everything in between the production numbers . In most movies , that is called plot and character development . In Stomp The Yard , it is a rip-off of a bunch of beat-up , banal , and intellectually empty cliches .
The plot is stale though some of the moves are fresh in Stomp the Yard , a Flashdance-like fable about a kid from the wrong side of the tracks who brings his street-wise gangster style to the world of competitive fraternity step dancing .
Stomp the Yard panders to every cheap expectation . Actually , director Sylvain White goes a bit cheaper than his immediate predecessors , drawing out the low booty shots for giggle and jiggle effect .
Are the dancers at least amazing ? It 's hard to say because novice director Sylvain White never gives us a decent look at them . It 's hard to see much when shots are delivered like lightning flashes .
The film 's makers get just how rich , even ecstatic , these subcultures of movement can be . It 's aggravating then , to see how easily they trip up that vitality with uninspired storytelling .
A nod must be given to choreographer Dave Scott , who skillfully blends the dance styles into an explosive whole . Seeing Stomp the Yard for these bits alone is well worth it .
-LSB- Columbus -RSB- Short , another pop choreographer , sounds like Vin Diesel , but he moves like a bee . When he dances , he makes sure every girl in the theater goes home stung .
Unfortunately , this remarkably entertaining form of dance of flying bodies and pinpoint rhythmic precision is almost undermined by the shockingly intrusive handling of former music video and commercial director Sylvain White .
Stomp the Yard gives moviegoers rousing dance scenes , but otherwise stops short of its dramatic potential .
I could n't stop groaning and rolling my eyes throughout `` Stomp the Yard , '' a shamelessly predictable and laughable underdog yarn .
A formula movie designed to cash in and further -LRB- by recombinating -RRB- a couple of disparate cultural practices -- West Coast Krumping and the stepping contests that are a feature of traditional black colleges .
They should just call this one You Got Served Again .
If the rest of Stomp the Yard were half as deft as its footwork , it 'd be watchable . As it is , everything that does n't happen on stage is a major stumble .
Director Sylvain White goes by the book , except in the early scenes where he gives new meaning to the concept of a shaky camera . Initially , the camera work is so frenetic as to be off-putting and dizzying .
There 's athleticism and frenetic artistry here , but the film 's attempts to make busting moves seem dramatic are about as effective as the hilarious chess-piece slamming in Searching for Bobby Fisher .
The intervening dance sequences are so exciting , so captivating , so full of life , it 's almost possible to forget you 've seen this movie a hundred times before .
The film clearly puts its time , energy and promotion into its dance sequences and anyone who plans to attend the movie presumably will see it for that reason . On that level , they certainly will be entertained .
If you 've never seen -LSB- stepping -RSB- , it 's quite a show , and Stomp the Yard throws well-deserved light on this somewhat under-the-radar phenomenon .
The results are corny beyond measure . Yet there 's something sweet about them .
The rhythmic step dancing is infectious in the otherwise formulaic underdog flick Stomp the Yard -- so much so , you 'll want to see more of it and less of a plot .
The dancing is more dynamic than the plotting in Stomp the Yard , an energetic if formulaic underdog tale .
If you 're looking for a dance movie with heart , Stomp the Yard is the ticket .
Groan-inducing plot twists and unnecessarily jazzed-up editing aside , this movie will serve as a rousing primer for a previously little known art form that 's going mainstream at schools and even churches across the country .
Why pretend that This Is Important , that all the lingering shots of Meagan Good 's butt , macho bull **** and endless step lines Mean Something ?
Too transparent and unintentionally silly to accept all of its faux-sincere message-making .
If it 's the dancing that interests you , the movie to watch is the krumping documentary Rize . It 's 90 minutes of fantastic dancing with no stupid dialogue to mess it up .
Fairly ludicrous , utterly predictable chest-beater about a black university obsessed with step-dancing , Greek letter life and romance .
A step up from the run of fare ordinarily targeted at the so-called urban audience ... But it does n't step up far enough .
Just when you think Stomp the Yard has used every cliché in the book , it pulls another one out of its Blockbuster rental bag of tricks .
Even though Stomp the Yard is , at heart , kind of undeniably silly -LRB- the rival frats are rather Sharks-Jets -RRB- , it 's an irresistible brand of silliness .
Short has charisma , charm and athleticism to burn , but it 's mostly for naught .
The movie ends with a generic exhortative quote from Martin Luther King Jr. , who probably was n't talking about synchronized dancing .
As expected , there 's a final contest that resolves a whole mess of conflicts . But before that , Stomp the Yard flirts with several silly soap opera subplots while twisting its way around to a cursory touch of social consciousness .
While it does n't reach School Daze heights of greatness , Stomp the Yard evinces enough heart to elevate it quite a bit past most collegiate dramas .
What newbie screenwriter Robert Adetuyi and music video director Sylvain White intend is to reinvent the clunky step moves as an extension of freestyle hip-hop under an umbrella of collegiate comradeship .
The shallow frat-on-frat rivalry and the poor-boy-loves-rich-girl subplot do n't mean a thing . But the stepping does got that swing .
The film stumbles whenever it fraudulently gives daily life at Truth University the sound and sheen of a Coldplay music video .
Dave Scott 's choreography is often dynamic and imaginative , but only a true fan is going to crave this much stepping .




@highlight

While Stomp the Yard contains impressive musical and dance numbers , it loses its momentum during the intervening soap opera-style subplots .