The proceedings are just an extension of a God-complex , although of someone with legitimately good intentions . It 's just a bit frustrating that the woman feels like a pawn in the situation
Gentry 's script plays cleverly within the rules of the sandbox it creates , and its introduction of romantic themes and a fully believable relationship help , but Synchronicity does n't quite get where it means to go .
Synchronicity is a wonderfully clever sci-fi outing that rises above certain trappings that would have ultimately tripped up a director with a lesser vision and ability at the helm .
A thought-provoking but clumsy sci-fi time bender .
... features some intriguing science-fiction concepts overwhelmed by plenty of pretentious gibberish .
A lot of homage and genre too often get in the way of what could have been a well-paced , smart story
It 's one to see twice , at least , and I 'm already looking forward to my second go at this world .
Casts a compelling retro-futuristic spell and stays true to this atmosphere to the end .
A well-made , thought-provoking , and quietly satisfying science fiction film .
Polished and clever , though not quite so engrossing or memorable as one might have hoped ...
-LSB- Synchronicity -RSB- relies too frequently on overly detailed descriptions of the science involved ... -LSB- it loses -RSB- sight of the actual plot .
Having such a small number of characters , like the limitations caused by budgetary constraints , might sound like a recipe for creative claustrophobia , but Gentry turns these givens to his advantage ...
`` Synchronicity , '' a low-budget misfire about time and love , could use some exploding heads , dialogue and ideas .
Sententiousness can be enjoyable when it 's intentional and dispensed in small doses . `` Synchronicity '' gets the dosage wrong .
A dialogue-heavy genre exercise that 's smart about the philosophical implications of messing with the timeline but sophomoric when it comes to telling a good story .
`` Synchronicity '' is a laudable attempt at mood and emotionality , but its ways with repetition and performance test patience , reducing the potency of its mysteries .
The film could double as a metaphor for itself , a time machine constructed entirely of used components , with so little distance from its influences that it lacks its own utility .
If you could slap a dudebro fedora on Blade Runner , you 'd get this ridiculous attempt at a mind-blowing sci-fi drama . Pretentious yet accidental silly .
Synchronicity is more contraption than movie , its plot as mechanically functional as a clock , rotating characters around like gears .
Synchronicity is a methodically paced excursion into a thrilling sci-fi experience , winning over audiences with passionate genre charms .
Uncertain filmmaking and storytelling ... too often keep this dense , challenging picture from success .
The film has the emotional fatuousness of uncertain softcore erotica .
A gorgeous `` Blade Runner '' look-alike that feels , start to finish , like an opportunity missed .
It 's a film in the tradition of `` Memento '' sparking brilliant visuals and a vivid world where nothing is ever really what it seems .
It 's Gumby sci-fi - so focused on being bendy and fun that its attempts at more serious tangents immediately crack under the pressure .
Flaws keeps `` Synchronicity '' from rising above its limitations to become something great , and that may prevent some people from embracing it , but , there 's a goofy charm to the entire film that ultimately makes it feel like a success .

@highlight

Synchronicity 's sci-fi reach exceeds its low-budget grasp , but it has some interesting ideas and serves overall as a nifty calling card for writer-director Jacob Gentry .