As in any fable , there are spires , towers and moats , and it 's a spellbinding saga - a macabre dance choreographed by its romance 's throbbing heart . Mathilde and Manech 's love left its mark in many places , so why not the grungiest and war-torn ?
Filmmaker Jeunet applies his aestheticized approach -LRB- which worked well for Amelie -RRB- to a WWII melodrama to some mixed results .
It 's a romantic epic , an intense and gripping look at WWI , and a nifty little mystery-quest all rolled into one .
a successful genre combination of a war film , period romance , detective story and black comedy
Jean-Pierre Jeunet represents that select group of filmmakers who treat special effects as their own art .
A Very Long Engagement is every bit the fantasy , the fairy tale , that Amelie was , yet we are expected to take it seriously . I could n't .
... light entertainment , but offers only a shallow insight into war .
Jeunet 's theme is the absurdity of war and the tremendous cost of each life lost , and he makes us feel for each of these men and for the women at home fighting their own wars .
... equal parts whimsy and war horrors , a potentially combustible combination that succeeds largely due to Jeunet 's ability to turn absurd melodrama into something magical .
As lovely to look at it as it is heart-wrenching , `` A Very Long Engagement '' is one of the best films of 2004 .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Una película vistoza , llamativa , en muchos aspectos sorprendente , pero que no deja de sonar a figurita repetida , a cosa ya vista .
This is one of the finest films -- foreign or otherwise -- to come along in years .
The look of the film is impeccable , with very realistic-looking war and street scenes .
Entirely deserving of its unofficial subtitle ` Amelie Goes To War ' , this is a well-made , frequently enjoyable drama , although the whimsical direction often seems inappropriate for the darkness of the material .
one very imaginative boring movie
It 's worth seeing for the -LRB- sometimes computer-generated -RRB- visuals .
A harrowing account of why the French ARE NOT p ***** s
A movie where you know at once that it will still be watched 60 or 70 years down the road , and that it will lose none of its power or charm in the intervening years
The fog of war frames a sprawling romantic fable and epic mystery .
Grand , sad and a far more sobering experience than Amelie .
One of those rare gems that do n't come along too often .
Audrey Tautou , as usual , fills the screen with the eyes of a silent-era star . She uses them like one , too -- and she 's marvelous .
... soaked in Jeunet 's peculiar , oily sense of cinema . While it is a slower burning film than some of his others it casts a lovely light .
Hey kids , didja like AMELIE ? Do you like the war movies ? Here 's both in one ; go crazy .
For all their magical and mystical moments , Jeunet 's films are suffocatingly literal ; his ever-mobile camera leaves no empty spaces for the viewer 's imagination to inhabit .
A different kind of epic , with a light touch and an offbeat attitude that strip the story of much of its gravitas and instead replace it with a freewheeling flippancy .
Think of the strange mixture of Amelie and All Quiet on the Western Front and you have a disjointed , muted - and yes , quirky - World War I epic .
A mature , yet original , work that is powerful emotionally , intellectually and visually .
It 's a beautiful accomplishment , even if it 's not the triumph that Amelie is .
Sweeping , sentimental , suspenseful epic World War I tale
Pretty long and unengaging ...
Gorgeously shot and magnificently performed , this sweeping romance has the makings of a classic favourite .
... -LSB- Jean-Pierre Jeunet -RSB- revient à la charge avec toujours autant d'inspiration et nous invite à passer un très beau dimanche de fiançailles .
The film is near perfect in its attempt to properly mix the irrationality of war in with an interesting love story .
The director and star of `` Amélie '' -LRB- Jean-Pierre Jeunet and Audrey Tautou -RRB- reunite for this grimmer , grimier , but no less magnificent moviegoing experience .
Visual adept , but long and tedious
Spotlights the absurdity of war along with its brutality , and underscores the indomitability of the human spirit with a ` love conquers all ' story line of uncommon poignance .
The first 20 minutes ... feel like a snuff film made with a James Ivory sensibility .
In the rough magic of A Very Long Engagement , even the strangest events seem perfectly logical and emotionally true .
When Jeunet attempts to achieve dramatic heft , with no commensurate change in style , he falls distressingly short .
Jean-Pierre Jeunot ... has constructed a film that is drama , romance , detective story , war movie and personal journey in a well-crafted , complex and innovative work
A very entertaining film , full of warm moments and mellifluous charm , almost enough to make you wonder what that pesky war is doing in there anyway .
War , it says , is what separates love from hate , life from death and the beautiful from the ugly -- and Jeunet 's film says it with great invention and artistry .
A poignant and powerful story of passion and persistence , easily among the best films of 2004 .
Tautou , as always , makes this an enchanting trip .
The ideas and images Engagement uses to express itself indirectly are deeply felt .
There 's only so much candy the eye can consume before nausea sets in .
While A Very Long Engagement lacks Amelie 's impish charm , it gives Jeunet even more emotional colors to play with . And his handling of the film 's technical aspects is little short of staggering .
This is grand cinema .
The comic-dramatic divide of A Very Long Engagement is difficult to traverse , much less conquer . It 's simply hard to be charmed with all those corpses scattered about .
If you are among those feeling starved for an epic romance , this engaging , touching , drama-comedy - mystery fills the bill .
In different hands , the story of Mathilde would play as solemn or tedious , but Jeunet peppers the script with moments of light , heart-achy humor .
This sweeping adaptation of Sébastien Japrisot 's novel seduces visually and emotionally , with Audrey Tautou 's enchanting Mathilde guiding us .
A beautiful movie .
A breathtaking love story that never wallows too long in its own sweetness , A Very Long Engagement is firmly in touch with its dark side .
Mere minutes into A Very Long Engagement , you realize you 're headed straight for elitist nirvana .
Merging heart-wrenching emotions with quirky humor and splicing bloody war footage with goofy comedy , the movie mixes vastly disparate elements into a surprisingly smooth blend .
The overall assemblage is shaky , but grand .
Worthy of admiration for its attempt to combine elements of adventure , mystery and romance in such a visually exciting package .
What they cut from the novel ... does n't cause as many problems as what they add , which is often too bizarre or too whimsical for a story about death .
Another chapter in one of modern filmmaking 's most fruitful collaborations .
A grand movie with pop-up book complexity and a lavish romantic spirit .
Jeunet finds places for his carefree charm while exposing the horror and uselessness of war .
Jeunet 's movie is a game of great singles inside an overextended ballgame .
Extraordinary film .
This is a long movie that almost wears out its 2 1/4 - hour welcome , yet it 's full of surprises .
There 's something hollow beneath its polished surface .
A Very Long Engagement works on its own terms , as a showcase for Tautou and as a reminder of the kind of beauty that movies , at their best , can show us .
A Very Long Engagement leaves you feeling stuffed but satisfied , like after a very long , tasty meal .
-LSB- The film -RSB- sabotages itself conceptually and is too busy flashing its gaudy wares to quite tell a story .
A Very Long Engagement probably has too many elements -- and too many characters -- for its own good . But its heart , like its heroine 's , is in the right place .
A hopeful , funny movie .
Tautou anchors the film with her calm gaze and endless faith , and her performance is mesmerizing .
A Very Long Engagement is certainly long and not always engaging and comes with a predictably basic ending , yet there are unexpected pleasures , moments of beauty and tiny pockets of joy to sustain you through the journey .
A Very Long Engagement gets better with each half-hour , and by the end has painted a moving portrait of hope , determination , tragedy and loss .
A film that is a series of pleasures stumbling over one another in their haste to delight us .
You probably need a score card to keep track of everybody , but that 's one of the pleasures of Jeunet 's film , and it 's also inextricable from his larger point : that war dehumanizes but people re-humanize .
The memory of war -- collective and individual -- is at best a deterrent , at worst , a fantasy to fuel more of the same .
This strange mixture of whimsy and carnage never lags and becomes increasingly engaging .
Bizarre as it is , the movie works amazingly well as a historical epic .
Artifice , this brilliantly handled , is its own excuse .
Right up to its haunting final scene , A Very Long Engagement will alternately shake you up and soothe you . And that 's a very good combination .
Both a whimsical love story featuring , `` Amelié '' star Audrey Tautou at her most adorable , and a nitty-gritty depiction of the horrors of trench warfare . It 's a very bad mix .
-LSB- Jeunet -RSB- strikes a giddy balance between comedy and terror , romance and incandescent action , between the demands of his huge canvas and his intimate emotional subject .
An emotionally-potent , visually-arresting picture that makes for one of the most enjoyable offerings of the season .
The style 's enchantment feels forced because the events it 's supporting are alternately too serious and too banal .
The gifted , undisciplined Jeunet applies his trademark restless zigzagging to a story that 's confoundingly complicated enough already . More fatiguing than exhilarating .
This is a marvelous film , and one I hope to find engaging for a very long time .
This is a picture well worth seeing .
War-torn love story reuniting two bright stars is a true work of art .
As ugly as the war sequences are , DP Bruno Delbonnel 's lens is equally adept at capturing the life-affirming glory of France in all its lush beauty , while Aline Bonetto 's production design is both remarkably original and historically authentic .
Thrilling and sublime , delivering a beautiful message while scarcely making a ripple in the film 's near-perfect dramatic arc .
A beautiful , elegant , satisfying film .
If you take Kurosawa 's Rashômon and plunk it down in a battlefield setting , the results will almost certainly be derivative and thematically hollow .
An epic treatment of epic themes that does n't soft-soap its audience , but at the same time provides a terrifically satisfying entertainment .
Visually it is one of the most impressive films of the year .
Watching it feels like going to an amusement park in the middle of a war zone during a battle . -LSB- But there 's -RSB- a whole library of stunningly beautiful images .
Jeunet 's reliance on magic-realist devices just falls flat , and Tautou 's character -- a lame girl who plays the tuba -- is treated with the sort of condescending pity the movies have n't seen since Johnny Belinda .
Mr. Jeunet shows no interest in animating the characters in his dollhouse world , and even Mathilde and her tears remain fundamentally decorative , as arid as the computer-assisted cinematography .
All in all , Jeunet makes a pretty case for the idea that life is ruled by chaos and chance , but made meaningful and worthwhile by love .
Mathilde is described in the narration as hopeful . Tautou 's Mathilde , however , is more angry and dour .
The mixture of a trickster director and classic movie conventions works better than you 'd expect it to .
Decorated with sumptuous costumes , arresting sets and breathtaking cinematography , rarely is a film both this visually stunning and this emotionally stimulating .
This ravishing , archetypal romance has such vitality and incandescent charm that it all comes together beautifully , without ever degenerating into kitsch .
There is a handsome , absurdist humanity to the way Jeunet -LRB- who wrote the script with Guillaume Laurant -RRB- maps out the crossroads of human carnage and human caring .
A Very Long Engagement is an inspired romantic yarn ...
The novelty of the setting and the Hollywood-style lavishness of the production go a long way toward justifying sitting through this very long movie .
Ultimately , Jeunet 's stylistic excesses get the best of him here , making the film an experience that feels uncomfortably like its title .
An enthralling experience ... as intricate , stylish and exquisite to behold as Jeunet 's previous films , but with greater emotional richness .
Fits together almost too perfectly , but you 'll be able to forgive that . It 's a wonderful film that is absolutely beautiful . Cheers to cinematographer Bruno Delbonnel !
So well made that the horrors of trench warfare have all the impact of a beautifully-dressed , slightly morbid department store window .
There 's such an excess of plot and detail that characterization is neglected -- none of these characters is more than single-dimensional ...
` A bizarre cross of Amelie and Saving Private Ryan...Jean-Pierre Jeunet 's trademark storytelling and visual style makes it a satisfying experience . '
Jeunet is a big kid , smart and playful but uneasy around adult emotions , which in his new movie are reduced to glib polarities of light versus dark , love versus vengeance .
The drama is well crafted and sometimes touching .
There are some movie couples that just look like they belong together - Mathilde and Manech are one such couple . They are both extraordinarily beautiful .
Narrative thrust has never been the director 's strong suit , and the movie gridlocks amid its crowds of characters , backstories , detours , and twists ; the squealing gears of heavy plot machinery eventually drown out much else .
` Amelie ' meets ` Gallipoli '
Engagement is a powerful and vivid motion picture , but rarely , if ever , does it capture the heart .
ultimately too manipulative to achieve true lasting greatness
Starts slowly , but builds to a satisfying conclusion .
Combining the uncompromised bloody horror of war with the aftermath mystery of a heroine just trying to find the boy she loves . Yes , it 's the anti-Cold Mountain .
An emotional powerhouse .
A romantic film to take to heart with its incisive portrait of a determined young woman 's unswerving love .
A Very Long Engagement offers more evidence of Jean-Pierre Jeunet 's affection for serpentine storytelling , replete with offbeat characters , whimsical asides and cinematic dazzle .
Enjoying the film depends on how much one can stand visionary carnival barker Jean-Pierre Jeunet 's brand of impatiently imaginative , aggressively artificial filmmaking .
Like an average looking guy who drives a stunning , fire-engine red Ferrari , the movie 's incredibly gorgeous visuals makes the story feel almost superfluous .
The quest format keeps the story moving briskly , and Jeunet provides numerous pleasures , particularly visual , along the way .
Easily one of the best films ever made to focus on the effects of war over the battles themselves .
-LSB- Jeunet 's -RSB- choppy , cheeky filmmaking style simply is n't suited to this remarkable wartime tale about the tenacity of love .
I enjoyed the film immensely , but felt it could have been one of 2004 's best if 15 or so minutes had been carefully cobbled out of it .
Told with a blend of visual mastery and emotional intimacy , ambitious venture sustains a special melding of romance and pragmatism that should engage discerning audiences .
It gathers momentum like a giant snowball that will strike you with an incredible force at the end . Like Amelie , but more profound , emotional and ultimately beautiful
The epic of mystery-unravelling , which at times is Rashomon-like in its variations of witness accounts , is folded into a piece of film art that is visually rich .














@highlight

A well-crafted and visually arresting drama with a touch of whimsy .