Heal the Living assembles an array of sensitive performances , but it takes place on a more metaphysical plane . Its characters often seem to have stepped outside the normal flow of time .
Quillévéré refuses to look away , forcing the viewer to expand their consciousness beyond the limitations of their own circumstances and reconsider the boundaries between life and death .
`` Heal the Living '' does not break new dramatic ground , but it is an engrossing film - even if its vivid medical moments are not for the faint of heart .
The filmmaker achieves at least a few remarkable milestones . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If melodrama as a genre is concerned with the suffering of the heart on a metaphorical level , French director Katell Quillévéré 's third feature Heal the Living takes the matter in an inventive turn , rather literally .
The mood is given to almost procedural realism , but Quillevere 's technique is expansive , beginning with an early morning surf that is rendered as an evocative , joyous communion .
At times it strains a little too hard , but generally , and especially amongst the performances , there is clarity , precision and taste . I suspect that if you 've ever given or received an organ you 'll find the film respectful and rewarding .
Heal the Living is a French-Belgian drama with the heart in the right place .
-LSB- Heal the Living -RSB- explores the ever-vulnerable body , the social institution of medicine and how individuals stand in relation to each .
-LSB- Heal the Living -RSB- tilts a little too far toward New Age-iness toward the end , but the mix of melancholy and medicine is wonderfully balanced .
A mix between hypnotic melodrama and a clinical fantasy that reminds us that the body is more than a deep cavity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Heal the Living -RSB- is a refreshing hospital drama that manages to shun the genre 's trappings of melodrama in favour of a more complex and emotive story .
The film is deflated degenerating into a bad advertisement about organ donation that forgets its characters to the detriment of a message as well-intentioned as forced in its execution . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
By the end of the film , we 've lived in this system , watched it operate , moved through its nooks and crannies . The characters bring it alive , but it 's Quillévéré 's camera that makes us understand what this system means and how it works together .
Visually extraordinary when it needs to be , and with a laser-sharp focus on its characters ' quirks , ethical dilemmas and emotional complications , this French film tells the story of a heart transplant .
Featuring a lovely score by Alexandre Desplat , Quillévéré 's film succeeds as a melancholy celebration of the invisible threads that bind us . Worth seeking out .
French director and screenwriter Katell Quillévéré 's Heal the Living is an elegy to life and told equally as poetically .
A deeply moving but buoyant saga .
A tender and extremely graceful piece of work .
This truly is cinema to make the heart beat faster .
Katell Quillévéré 's Franco-Belgian drama Heal the Living is worth watching for its opening scenes alone .
All are fine actors but there is something mechanical and flat about Quillévéré 's method of supplying revelatory glimpses that do n't quite ring true and are n't followed up .
Television has done much to diminish the mystique of the hospital saga , but Katell Quillévéré restores its lustre and basic sense of humanity in this sensitive but gripping adaptation of Maylis de Kerangal 's bestseller .
Quillévéré views everything and everyone with such tender-hearted compassion that it builds into an elegantly handled , deeply felt drama .
Throughout , Quillévéré keeps asking her cast for the impossible , and gets it .
This is a superlative French entry into the organ transplant movie sub-genre -LRB- Seven Pounds , 21 Grams , John Q , Dirty Pretty Things -RRB- . In this case , however , the beauty resides in what the film does n't do , rather than what it should .
You 're nagged by the sense that Quillévéré the director is a little more brilliant than Quillévéré the co-writer .
This is a film full of grace notes -- self-contained scenes that play like mini-symphonies .
It suppresses the cinematic staples of romance and melodrama and does away with dramatic coincidence and contrivance to mine emotion from cold , ritualised reality .
It 's a film with emotional force , though less nuance and complexity than Quillévéré 's other work .
What stays with you is the miracle of how we 're all connected in a million different ways .
Heal the Living is a film about death whose reverence for life can be found in every frame .
In Katell Quillévéré 's films , characters ' lives are shaped by chance meetings and random events . Her third feature , Heal the Living , is narratively her simplest and subtlest .
Such fragmentation of time offers little insight into the character named Simon .
A heartbreakingly beautiful film , `` Heal the Living '' , demonstrates the immense power of selfless giving .
`` Heal the Living '' is a sensitive and powerfully emotional film showcasing an amazing science .
This is deeply human filmmaking .
In the background , Alexandre Desplat 's swoony score piles on the sentiment , but it 's all just empty calories ; what this movie desperately needs is conflict .
Unusual in its story , unexpected in its structure , made with an unerring instinct for emotional connection , `` Heal the Living '' wallops us without ever overplaying its hand .
The talented , intelligent and tasteful Katell Quillévéré proves herself a master of the medium with this ensemble drama . One of the year 's best films .
At once sorrowful and optimistic , Heal the Living captures the terrifying fragility of life , even as it also recognizes the strength derived from the many connections - organic , emotional , and associative - that bind and define us .
An emotionally satisfying , cinematically deft look at interwoven fates .
Precision writing and editing -LRB- the latter courtesy of Thomas Marchand -RRB- , as well as an impressive grasp of the power of mise-en-scene , come together to deliver resonant scenes even if we do n't know the characters very well .
The ensemble gets to deliver emotionally resonant performances and Alexandre Desplat 's score is suitably heart-stirring .
The film allows the sorrows of losing a life and the joys of saving it to remain congruent .
Goes well behind the antiseptic hospital scenes to delve into the lives of the people in the drama .
Not just another medical drama , Heal the Living is a film of great beauty and sensitivity .
With this film ... , -LSB- Emmanuelle -RSB- Seigner has become one of France 's finest -LRB- and underrated -RRB- actors .
A very fine French film about death , organ donation , and the importance of illness narratives .
It 's easy to imagine this material feeling contrived in the wrong hands , but Quillévéré pulls it off with unerring elegance and lightness of touch .
As the tone changes and we start to appreciate life rather than dwelling on the loss of it , there is one thing that remains a constant within this indelible drama , and that 's the series of wonderful performances .
Seeing this film is a dull experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... an all-too-uneven piece of work that never quite lives up to the promise of its stellar first act .
Katell Quillévéré 's superb third feature is a wrenching medical drama that blends dazzling formal polish with rawest emotion .

@highlight

Beautifully filmed and powerfully written , Heal the Living interweaves seemingly disparate narrative threads to present a vibrant portrait of human connection .