In the end happiness , it seems , is above all in the journey ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those who like `` life-affirming '' sayings will find plenty to like , and while it does n't quite come together as a whole there are more than enough lovely moments to reflect on .
Hector and The Search for Happiness wors because it 's basically a `` self-help '' movie . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hector and The Search for Happiness is a feel good movie that avoids feeling preachy at all times . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Full of good intentions and lessons , perhaps this was the reason to its great success as a book , but as a movie it fails entirely . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
In look and feel , Hector and the Search for Happiness is a cross between The Secret Life of Walter Mitty and Eat Pray Love and is only marginally better than those films .
Hector may indeed learn that narcissism stands in the way of happiness , but he also walks away with his privileges intact and unchallenged .
The title character wo n't find what he 's looking for in this woefully misguided feel-good comedy .
Staggering out of Hector and The Search For Happiness , I had the impression of having witnessed an unequivocal fiasco , a film no human being would be likely to enjoy .
Also known as Eat Pray Love - The Guy Edition .
In another actor 's hands , Hector -- a self-absorbed psychologist with a superficial understanding of the world around him -- could be a disaster . But Pegg invests his larger-than-life character with genuine heart and soul .
Hector can be a bit of dope some of the time , and a bit of a condescending prat at all other times .
Think of EAT , PRAY , LOVE which has a similar sort of journey and this is so much better than that .
I found the film enormously likeable with solid performances from a grand array of actors .
Aggressively harmless .
Sweet without being cloying , though it sometimes flirts dangerously with that possibility . At the same time , if you 're allergic to whimsy , this is best avoided .
... a story that runs out of steam virtually from the outset ...
Quirky , engaging and unexpected , this charming exploration of the road to happiness is elevated by the appealing presence of Simon Pegg , whose dissatisfied psychiatrist delves into the conundrum with naïve enthusiasm
-LRB- ... -RRB- whimsical to the point of being an itch you ca n't scratch . When one of Britain 's most successful stars tries to say with a perfectly straight face , `` I 'm not rich and I 'm not important , '' you 'll find it impossible to believe him !
A movie bearing as faux-naive a title as this has to make a pretty good case for itself . This it decidedly does not do .
This tone-deaf story about a shrink healing himself should come with a bottle of tranquilizers for every patron .
Potential peeps out occasionally in Hector and the Search for Happiness , but then flounders and gets lost in a bland sea of sentimentality and cultural myopia .
For a little while , Hector and the Search for Happiness does all right , but then it flounders , flops , flips over and winds up at the usual place .
While there 's limited value in Hector 's search for happiness and the dozen-plus `` lessons '' he learns about the emotional state , the film works nicely as a character piece .
Hector and the Search for Happiness includes laughs and relatable drama but struggles to find balance between engaging journeys and thought-provoking destinations .
This film is a winner . It will not only entertain you , but also make you think about what it takes to bring happiness into your own life .
A grueling slog , it left me very unhappy .
Man 's quest for meaning has some swearing , risqué moments .
Walks the tightrope between nausea and uplift , but Pegg pulls through .
Yet another movie about a middle-aged white guy who realizes that he needs to break free from his `` tidy and uncomplicated life . ''
A complete mess that carries on as a cinematic band-aid offered to moviegoers probably wondering why they 're expected to cry when they had nothing to do with the creation of this picture .
A truly excruciating journey ... a feel-good movie that 's bound to make you feel absolutely awful .
A rancid , insulting , and cynical dramedy about a man who travels around the world to reconnect with his soul .
Who knew that Simon has such a broad range , and can perform in such a serious manner ? Brilliant --
Simon Pegg 's new movie is a gem , and his performance is like nothing he 's done before .
With a final summation of `` Do n't worry , be happy , '' clearly the Search for Happiness itself was to provide more entertainment .
A sweet-natured film that flounders a bit before reaching its satisfying destination , `` Hector and the Search for Happiness '' is about precisely what its title indicates .
A gentle fable , if you do n't look too closely or find whimsy cloying .
It 's important that , as we follow Hector 's travels and travails , we see him as well-intentioned but flawed . Pegg allows that to come through .
`` Hector and the Search for Happiness '' tries hard , but fails . Miserably .
The only thing I found in this self-satisfied travelogue was nausea ; as if I 'd just eaten an entire barrel of fortune cookies , with the fortunes still inside them .
The life lessons are patronizingly simple , and the views of exotic locales seem to have come out of an in-flight magazine .
Spoiler alert : Happiness has to do with loving others and self-acceptance .
Although Hector goes to places that are actually on a map , in reality each trip is a journey to Clicheland , where stereotypical characters do stereotypical things , for Hector 's observation , excitement and , sometimes , disappointment .
The promise is buried under cutesy touches , bland platitudes , wildly veering tone , and a rushed bid for profundity at the end .
What possibly could have possessed a comedian as sharp as Simon Pegg to squander his gifts on a movie as soggy as Hector And The Search For Happiness ?
A couple of supporting players prop it up , but it 's about as deep as `` Eat , Pray Love . '' And Simon , God love'im , is no Julia Roberts .
It culminates in a weepy climax that verifies its status as a proud hunk of propaganda from America 's massive self-help industry .
The film aims for twee , but lands on torturous - It 's narcissism blown up to a global scale , in the guise of a quirky voyage of self-discovery .
The film manages , impressively , to be both crushingly banal and offensive in its use of cultural stereotypes .
Pegg pulls off the considerable feat of making Hector a believable character , in the context of this fable . By the end of his eventful journey , when his emotions pour out uncontrollably , we can feel his pain as well as his catharsis .
Hector and the Search For Happiness may not unlock all of the secrets of the universe , but it does offer a welcome glimpse at how important the search is for all of us .
A snappy and satisfying adult parable about a therapist 's quest to find the meaning of life .
`` Hector and the Search for Happiness '' has an undeniable strain of poverty tourism , mixed with the insulting belief that those who have nothing somehow hold the secret to life .
Mr. Pegg , normally a live wire , makes an affable hero , but the movie often forces him into blandly earnest mugging .
Hector and the Search for Happiness is n't trying to be funny . It 's unfashionably earnest , the sort of dopey pound mutt you feel guilty for not showering with love .
A good cast comes and goes and ca n't quite carry this overly stylized , globetrotting dramedy , about one man who literally searches high and low in his pursuit of true happiness .
`` Hector '' wants to connect to our inner child , but it feels more like a long story from a good-hearted but dull grandparent .
Has such a good heart that you leave the theater smiling , which is not something we get very often nowadays .
`` Hector and the Search for Happiness '' will most likely inspire audiences to search for the exit door .
The alpha male answer to Eat Pray Love !
What a clunky title . Is it as hokey as it sounds ? Yes and no . It 's pleasant , it 's light , but it 's also simple , occasionally insensitive and occasionally cringe-worthy .
Hector and the Search for Happiness is what happens when good intentions meet awful execution .
A pleasant adventure-comedy with a winning performance from Simon Pegg .
It 's not as profound as it thinks it is , and the screenplay disappoints more than it impresses , but Hector and the Search for Happiness is a harmless , solidly performed romp .
With an approach so saccharine that it makes Eat Pray Love look like an edgy thriller , this heartwarming meaning-of-life odyssey is so relentlessly schmalzy that it quickly annoys anyone with even a tiny spark of cynicism inside them .
Trite , flat-footed , culturally insensitive , and sagging under the weight of more than 25 credited producers ...
Hector keeps uncovering the exotic secrets of the developing world . His book bloats with cornball truisms .
Too often , Hector feels a bit like being entombed in a structure made from Mind Body Spirit tomes and cemented over with Chicken Soup for the Soul .
Simon Pegg 's mopy psychiatrist sets off on a globetrotting pursuit to find the secret of what makes people happy in this strenuously whimsical adaptation ... jotting down blindingly obvious insights in his notebook along the way
The ever-likable Simon Pegg holds together this whimsical but affecting comedy-drama about a London-based psychiatrist pondering the metaphysical meaninglessness of existence .
Pegg 's easy charm and likability is put to good use , as are the supporting cast .
A rich white man tours the misery of others to learn about happiness . Yes , it is as offensive as it sounds .
Hector and the Search for Happiness will put the odd grin on your face , but it 's whimsical to the point of being an itch you ca n't scratch .
Chelsom 's lightly subversive , self-aware tone bolsters Pegg 's best shot yet at a mass-appeal crowd-pleaser .
An agreeable if sentimental adaptation of the bestselling novel by Francois Lelord .
A draggy travelogue that , astonishingly , feels scarcely more substantial than Eat Pray Love .
Here 's hoping that Pegg has guzzled max happiness while making the film , because there 's not much on offer for those of us watching .
Your date will be smiling though the sniffles . You wo n't need to ungrit your teeth . Everyone goes home happy .
Once again , cinema-goers are confronted with the unhappy sight of a Simon Pegg being squeezed into a round hole .
At times the whole thing is a hippie 's beard whisker away from a clueless pop star on a charidee PR trip to a developing country .
It 's all too obvious and a bit glib .
Mildly entertaining at best , do n't expect it to contribute to your own quest for contentment .
Despite the gusto its star brings to the role , it 's hard to ride shotgun on Hector 's voyage of discovery .
Contains good intentions and exasperating whimsy .

@highlight

Simon Pegg remains as charming as ever , but Hector and the Search for Happiness drowns his appeal in schmaltz .