A romantic comedy is nothing without its leads , and -LSB- Cobie -RSB- Smulders and -LSB- Guy -RSB- Pearce make a wonderful , charming pair .
Results is not without nice touches , and will raise a sm ile more than a few times . Guy Pearce 's slightly off-kilter performance as philosophy-driven Trevor is worth a look .
A creative comedy about two physical fitness pros and an out-of-shape client who spurs them on to fresh possibilities .
This is one of those romantic comedies with a meandering plot and offbeat characters who do n't seem to know what they are doing most of the time . But these wacky , drunk , stoner characters grew on me . They are lovable .
While it has the trappings of a mainstream rom-com , it largely refuses to follow that template .
A completely weird , off-kilter , bizarro-land version of a romantic comedy , writer/director Andrew Bujalski finally cracks the Broadcast News code moony filmmakers have been trying to break for three decades .
Realistic romance drama revolving around the incestuous gyrations among gym rats in love , in like and in lust .
An engrossing droll relationship comedy by mumblecore filmmaker Andrew Bujalski .
Bujalski might never crack Hollywood , but what does it matter ? He 's defiantly his own man . Results gets results .
In truth , it does n't quite work , but the dissonance between the content and Bujalski 's approach is oddly compelling .
Thankfully , Results does not become a straight-ahead tug-of-war . It 's a much more subtle and affecting odyssey of the soul , moving in pleasantly unpredictable turns that , while they do n't always make logical sense , are palpably driven by the heart .
The movie is a delight start to finish , but it never sells out its characters for each sentiment or laughs : It sees all three of them as damaged , difficult dreamers who need each other so they 'll finally start getting out of their own way .
Results is the filmakers most accesible movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Does n't really add that much to the Rom-Com genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite inconsistencies on its tone , specially in the second act , Results is an homage to american indie films of the '90s . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Results is not your typical rom-com .
Bujalski 's script is smarter and much weirder -LRB- in a good way -RRB- than the standard romantic comedy .
In its small , endearing way , Results just wants to be your friend .
Results does n't really amount to much , but it 's never less than engaging .
Bujalski seems to revel in the hard-to-like .
There 's a loose charm to this comedy that disarms the audience , raising smiles instead of laughter as three nutty characters swirl around each other .
The droll way in which it simultaneously subverts and embraces the conventions of the romcom template makes it a genuine find .
Both Pearce and Smulders are given so much more to do than they would in , say , a Marvel film . Each of them has a strong , interesting through line , though the big winner here might be Corrigan .
A movie like this feels like a dream challenge for an actor . It lives and dies not sheerly by the writing and the direction of the script , but by the cast 's organic adherence to both .
A sweet character piece that almost comes across as effortless .
Sharply funny slacker comedy .
While he takes a somewhat circuitous route to get there , Bujalski winds up with a fairly charming portrait of people stuck in ruts of isolation , without the people skills to get out of them .
Bujalski 's wit remains devilishly dry , and his portrait of three very prickly souls who can monkey up almost any interaction is sly , lovingly structured yet still unswervingly funny .
Writer/director Andrew Bujalski trusts these characters more than they trust themselves ...
Writer-director Andrew Bujalski has capitalized on the lo-fi triumph of oddball subculture that was Computer Chess , adding budget and stars without compromising tone or intelligence .
What begins as a study of potentially hopeless self-improvement becomes a funny , appealing look at loneliness and the motivations behind life 's little fixes .
Results wants to seduce and charm by roughing up the rom-com formula but , way too often , it drags and annoys .
What makes Results so special is that it delivers all the conventional rom-com satisfactions while also stubbornly being it 's own unique thing .
The only result from `` Results '' is boredom .
Guy Pearce and Cobie Smulders are exceptionally likable actors , given a great opportunity here . They 're so good , you wish there 'd be more of them . That 's the problem .
A quirky comedy that knows where it 's going and gets there in due time .
Results seems interested in one day becoming a comedy , and in a few scenes , manages to muster enough energy to be described as droll .
The rom-com is n't such a lost cause , after all . It was just waiting for someone like indie filmmaker Andrew Bujalski to resuscitate it .
Not a whole lot happens , but you get to know an interesting trio , and leave them feeling satisfied that it was time well spent .
Andrew Bujalski , who also wrote the script , does an excellent job in playing out his oddball romantic comedy and creating fully formed characters
What happens when a rigorously non-mainstream filmmaker tries to reverse-engineer a mainstream romantic comedy ? The result , in all its charming perversity , is `` Results . ''
`` Results '' is a smooth transition for Bujalski from the fringes to more commercial work . It 's heartening that he did n't give up his calling-card observational humor to do it .
There 's an absurdist edge , but with nothing of the smart aleck about it . Rather than use wit as a way of bypassing thought and emotion , Bujalski 's concerns are serious and his attitude toward his characters is warm without being indulgent .
`` Results '' is amusing and uniquely performed , and the screenplay 's dedication to uncomfortable situations is laudable .
Somehow Bujalski wraps his film in a most traditional way for the genre while you 're still being amazed at how he got there .
Like Eric Rohmer with rowing machines .
Results not only flexes its dramatic muscles , but also shows us the strength of its most powerful muscle : its whimsical , beating heart .
This droll , intelligent farce is most poignant as a portrait of modern alienation that explores how money , service work and self-improvement leave individuals stranded and alone .
Results is a meandering , overly long film in which a lot of stuff happens , but none of it is all that interesting .
Much like Computer Chess , Results is a study of people and how they interact despite their best efforts to largely remain alone .
Mature drama explores personal connections ; drugs , language .
The new film is a little less deadened than -LSB- Bujalski 's -RSB- earlier work , but still moves at close to the pace of real life .
`` Results '' is not entirely successful -LRB- the two main plots do n't quite fit together -RRB- but it does have a charm and a style that works .
Bracingly off-kilter , a sort of anti rom-com that sends up a cultlike subculture while embracing the full , curious humanity of those who live in it .
A robust relationship drama .
Its charm is a matter of getting to know and understand the marvellous key cast , Corrigan 's self-styled `` podgy and mellow '' vibe playing adeptly against the hints of vulnerability displayed by the buffed-up Pearce and Smulders .
The chemistry between Smulders and Pearce is undeniable . And the wry humor offered by Corrigan adds just enough of a twist to make the whole affair more interesting than the usual romantic comedy .
Somebody needs to give Andrew Bujalski a TV series . If `` Results , '' his unlikely but delightful new film set in and around an Austin fitness studio run by hard-bodied Guy Pearce , were a TV pilot , I would be hooked on the show already .
Only toward the end do you realize that the characters have been arranged into a pleasing and familiar romantic-comedy triangle and that you 've been watching a beautifully played game of underhand slow-pitch screwball .
Although not as strikingly original as Bujalski 's earlier work , there 's something endearing about the characters , the film 's laconic , stoner rhythms and quirky plotting .
You 'd expect Bujalski , who made Beeswax and Computer Chess and a couple of other extreme indies , to poke fun at gym culture , the ultimate soft target . And he does , but sweetly and without disparagement ...
Writer-director Andrew Bujalski appreciates a grimy basement as much as he does a wide-open highway , and he aims for a slice-of-life tapestry . But he should have simply let Corrigan slouch into nirvana .
Bujalski crafts a quirky romance with fitness-industry comedy Results , shaping flawed characters into people you might just admire .
It took me two viewings to figure out how much I liked the movie . -LRB- Quite a lot , it turns out . -RRB- That might not sound like a full-bodied recommendation , but why not take a cue from the film 's surprisingly lovable gym rats : Results do n't happen overnight .
In its seemingly unassuming way , it 's one of the weirdest and most thrilling films of the year .
With Bujalski , this is business as usual , but by the standards of the contemporary indie rom-com , it 's refreshingly unpredictable and thoughtful .
Perhaps due to his inexperience with this kind of lightweight material , Bujalski seems unsure whether to fully commit to the romantic angle or go with something more experimental .
A kindhearted comedy about people who work fiercely toward physical perfection and business success , and about the blessings brought to them by a man who pursues neither .
A week in the outback without a cellphone would be better than Results .
A sly little wonder of a film that may end up flying under the radar .
Despite a too-neat resolution , the characters have n't figured themselves out , much less their relationships , and Bujalski is perfectly comfortable sorting through their confusion .
Pearce is the only actor -LSB- ... -RSB- who seems fairly confident in what he 's doing , and he 's the only one who comes close to creating an appealing character .
Bujalski takes exaggerated types and , by focusing on their quirks to the point that they become banal and relatable , turns his characters into recognizable humans .
A perfectly chosen cast sells this unhurried comedy , which flows unconventionally but is still , by a long stretch , the most mainstream-friendly picture Bujalski has made .
Random , contrived and generally pointless
Bujalski knows how to reveal the immaturities and hangups people hide behind money , ambition , and the pursuit of a better body .
Like Bujalski 's early mumblecore work , this is sensitive and meandering - and just a little bit patience-testing .
Andrew Bujalski seizes upon physical training as a resonant metaphor for the work and risk that are inherent in cultivating significant interpersonal connections .
One of the strangest and strongest of recent romantic triangles forms in the course of this lyrical , fanatically realistic comedy , written and directed by Andrew Bujalski .
`` Results '' is n't always a successful film , but its philosophies about the myths of perfection as they apply to love are at least credible , funny and well observed .
Andrew Bujalski 's entrance into the world of professional actors and state-of-the-art digital cameras happily keeps the distinguishing characteristics of America 's most idiosyncratic lo-fi auteur intact .
Andrew Bujalski spends a hefty 105 minutes trying arduously to break the formula of a rom-com , meandering into bizarro dreamscapes and meditative vignettes and yet ultimately lands where the genre insists upon .
As a character and performance piece , Results is strong ; it 's the story that needs more polish .
Writer/director Andrew Bujalski has enough laughs and stamina in his narrative , although at times the flabby story seems to drift endlessly without much focus other than on ripped biceps and toned abs .
A neatly structured story with a thoroughly satisfying happy ending , yet it feels unpredictable and full of possibility .
Bujalski grounds his characters in unpredictable yet believable ways . We go on their journey with them because we like them , and we like them because Bujalski does n't force us to like them .
It gives off a warmly inviting glow .
Things went fairly disastrously wrong at the casting stage , and got worse from that point ...
Results feels so free-form , so liberated from the shackles of genre , that it becomes its own wonderfully alive and unpredictable thing .
They 're all so screwed up , but Bujalski shows such an affection for the characters and their faults that it also makes them endearing .

@highlight

Results moves stubbornly at its own deliberate pace , but the well-chosen cast -- and writer-director Andrew Bujalski 's insightful observations -- offer rich rewards for patient viewers .