Writer/Director Matt Ruskin never lets the audience get a sense of the characters outside the mechanics of the injustice they are currently suffering through , which he often skims over like he 's trying to race to get to the end credits .
With a solid cast and a mostly strong script , Crown Heights delivers the dramatic goods in this riveting tale of a man imprisoned for a crime he did not commit .
The performance by Stanfield is exceptional .
Crown Heights is a searing film with quality performances and sometimes shaky accents .
Expect to be outraged when you see an African-American man incarcerated for 21 years for a crime he did not commit .
Crown Heights might not be greater than the sum of its parts - an invigorating true story performed by a stellar cast - but with parts this great , it 's worth your time .
Crown Heights works when it is focusing on Colin 's mental torment and how he is holding up throughout the agonizing sentence
-LSB- Crown Heights -RSB- shows just how much work is still needed for the justice system .
Crown Heights is based on an actual crime and genuinely appalling miscarriage of justice . Thankfully , it 's also a story of friendship that 's as uplifting as it is rightly upsetting .
The sole fresh twist , one that should have been more than enough to drive the show - one friend dedicating his life to exonerating the other - is repeatedly undermined by their unequal presentation .
... recognizes that the value in telling Colin 's story is about more than a happy ending . And likewise , it realizes that the bigger picture dictates celebrating a positive outcome with only tempered optimism toward the future .
Warner 's story deserves to be more widely known , and Crown Heights does an acceptable , if not overly original , job doing just that .
This is a calm , methodical response to a life-altering corruption of justice .
Stanfield deftly balances rage and resignation , and Asomugha is impressive as a crusader who refuses to give up .
Strong central performances make this harrowing chronicle a gripping tale .
`` Crown Heights '' is soul-shaking only in the abstract . In execution , it 's deathly dull .
Otherwise , ` Crown Heights ' is a sensitive and compelling story of the injustices of a flawed and broken judicial system that finds it easier to use its weight to beat down those on the lower rungs ... than ... uncover the truth and be fair and impartial .
The best storytelling accesses the universal through the personal and director Matt Ruskin 's depersonalized approach to this story means he ca n't do it justice .
Stanfield , in a performance of quiet power , fully inhabits Warner 's agony at the injustice that is being done to him .
Ruskin eschews character development , context and depth in favor of brevity .
A swift , solid entry with passionate performances .
A captivating story that 's well-told .
Another standout performance from Lakeith Stanfield .
An award worthy turn by Lakeith Stanfield as Colin Warner .
With his profound performance , Stanfield brings `` Crown Heights '' inside an unimaginable human experience .
`` Crown Heights '' plows forward , steely in its resolve , and forgoes the emotional fireworks in favor of subdued , straightforward storytelling .
The movie feels like the first draft of a story , waiting for the substance , context , and insight to be added as the writing process progresses .
The two men 's relationship , and others in the film , might have been explored in greater depth , but Ruskin rightly keeps his focus on the judicial system as it fails Warner again and again .
Tells a sadly familiar story , but it does so well .
With subtle touches , Crown Heights deftly sketches a portrait of a system designed to fail those without money or influence .
Lakeith Stanfield delivers a breakout performance in `` Crown Heights , '' a dramatized true story of miscarried justice that he anchors with restrained stillness and sensitivity .
In his second narrative feature directorial effort , Ruskin handles it smoothly and with an eye toward pace , even at the expense of the honest , offhanded moments that can make a galling true crime story such as this come alive on the screen .
Morally , there 's black here , there 's also white , but the prevailing color is bureaucratic gray . Bringing that to the screen and making it work is an accomplishment .
Righteous , but plodding .
Crown Heights takes a measured , almost melancholy approach to the story of Warner 's arrest and conviction - the movie is n't shouting about the way the system is rigged against the poor , but reminding us , with a sigh .
`` Crown Heights '' has some narrative shortcomings . But the filmmakers respect the subject matter too much to ever take the easy way out .
A sobering indictment of the legal system that 'll leave you wondering how many other Colin Warners might be incarcerated by a heartless prison-industrial complex routinely doling out a color-coded brand of criminal justice .
It is straightforward storytelling of a little know true life suffering at the hands of a system that does not seem to care .
The story starts to get really interesting and engaging when Carl gets down to work , revisiting the case from so many years ago .
Crown Heights needs more such insight . Instead , its docu-fantasy style often rings as clichéd .
This egregious case of injustice ... is an important story to tell , but although Ruskin attempts moments of poetry , he succeeds with the procedural more than the personal , his pedestrian direction dragging his movie down .
This is a timely film about institutionalized racism in America , and related issues of ghettoization and violence within black communities . It wo n't get as much fanfare as Moonlight , but it needs to be seen .
This is a difficult story to tell on film , to be sure , but 94 minutes hardly seems like enough time to properly convey the torment and loneliness of two decades behind bars .
An uncaring system putting blameless men behind bars has been a cinematic staple as far back as Alfred Hitchcock 's `` The Wrong Man '' and likely further . But few examples have been as effective as the fact-based `` Crown Heights . ''
For a story engineered with such subtlety , reigned by a quiet and thoughtful performance from Lakeith Stanfield , Crown Heights is incredibly forceful in delivery .
Yet the film , full of good intentions and compelling performers , fails to find a dramatic structure for its considerable timespan .
Crown Heights is a pretty good movie about a great subject : the sheer backbreaking labor necessary to force the system to even acknowledge a terrible injustice , much less make it right .
Most of Crown Heights ... suffers from structural confusion .
Stanfield 's performance is the solid foundation for the film .
A story that is as heartbreaking as it is inspiring , Crown Heights is an especially poignant film in today 's times that succeeds in illuminating a perspective that is often overlooked .
You ca n't tell yourself it 's just a movie .
In the wake of misguided and somewhat exploitative films like Detroit , Crown Heights is a godsend . It respects the tragedy and its victims , yet it finds hope among the ruins .
Like its protagonist , sensitively and shrewdly played by Lakeith Stanfield , the film is soft-spoken and thoughtful , with sweet , lyrical touches that alleviate some of the grimness without blunting the cruelty and injustice of what happened .
Crown Heights is as razor-sharp and focused on its historical context and the byzantine workings of the system it takes place in as its increasingly sobered leads .
It feels especially rewarding to experience such an emotionally resonant and dignified series of immigrant portraits .
Regardless of your opinion on the filmmaking at work in fact-based drama Crown Heights , there 's an inarguable , stinging sense of outrage that accompanies almost every frame .
The film plays like a human-interest story in which all of the humanity has been gutted in favor of deadening narrative efficiency .
This is an incredibly important story and a film that needs to be seen .
Stanfield is exceptional , his visage a mixture of bewilderment , humiliation , and simmering rage . His performance grounds the film , and keeps it going through its less confident patches .
A powerful testament to the political gamesmanship , racial profiling , and social inequities that continue to shape the criminal justice system .
The tragic story of Colin Warner does n't so much come to life on the screen as it is responsibly recalled in Crown Heights , aided by effective performances and some streamlined storytelling .
Pushing through all of these negative elements is Stanfield 's performance , finding honesty whenever he can . I just wish the movie around him was anywhere near as good .
It 's Stanfield 's moment to shine , and the soulful , bittersweet performance he gives is the highlight in a frustratingly thin film that never rises up to his level .
Too crammed and hectic to convey the immensity of the systemic evils that run through its ruptured heart .
`` Humanity finds its way out beyond the darkness of a cell , even though we do n't really know the prisoner inside . ''
Unfortunately , the film itself-which is based on the true story of a man who was wrongfully imprisoned for over two decades-sticks mainly to the facts , failing to really take advantage of any larger insights or thematic throughlines .
Ruskin continually requires wounded earnestness from his lead , and shows little of whatever spark of inner life must have been required for Warner to survive these years without losing his mind .
A real-life case of injustice is retold with precisely channelled outrage in the riveting drama Crown Heights .
The film sketches an effective , if ultimately somewhat schematic , picture of the legal system 's countless crevasses and sinkholes into which a blameless person can easily be shoved .
We do n't really know much about these characters besides their role in moving the plot forward .

@highlight

Crown Heights ' heartbreaking fact-based narrative -- and LaKeith Stanfield 's remarkable starring performance -- push this powerful drama past its structural flaws .