Christian McKay 's eerily accurate , rollicking impersonation defines a good half of the movie ; it 's a fireball of charisma , chutzpah , virtuosity and obstinacy .
A delightful film that with excellent set design ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This deceptively modest movie is smartly not a curated compilation of Wellesiana , but rather a warmly observed look at the theater and those souls who live for the arts .
The film 's Welles is a mix of huckster and genius , thanks to an astonishing performance by little-known English actor Christian McKay , who captures his boundless self-confidence and energy . Director Richard Linklater gives his cast the chance to shine .
A smart and charming backstage theater film .
Thanks to Linklater and McKay , we get a rendition of Welles that gives vital pulse to the man , the myth , the legend .
Christian McKay delivers a stand out performance in two of the best escapist hours you 'll experience this year .
You 're not going to have huge laughs or terrible sadness or excitement . It 's a bittersweet love letter to thespians of old .
Me and Orson Welles is a potentially wonderful film damaged by the presence of a lacklustre Zac Efron .
McKay is magnificent -LSB- as Welles -RSB- . Not for a moment did I doubt that this was the man who went on to make Citizen Kane .
The film is beautifully , factually detailed . There 's much to love here .
The sheer dynamism of Welles in full flight -- an exasperating , yet awe-inspiring figure around the clock -- is brought to life with an incredible performance by unknown British actor Christian McKay .
Me and Orson Welles has plenty to offer fans , be they of theatre , old movies , or High School Musical . If you can tick at least one of these boxes then you 're in for a good time .
Though you may see the end coming somewhere towards the beginning , this is a highly enjoyable film with an excellent support cast , witty and fast-paced script and brilliant performances .
Me and Orson Welles , whilst slight , should appeal to stage and screen buffs .
It 's not as far from the small town '70s Texas of Dazed and Confused to backstage at the Mercury Theatre on opening night in 1937 as you might think .
The legend which is Orson Welles and his passion for the theatre are beautifully portrayed in this breezy period drama .
With its wonderful period details , strong performances and fascinating characters , Me and Orson Welles is an incredibly enjoyable film .
Thanks to McKay 's mesmerising performance , Me and Orson Welles also stands as a fitting tribute to the abundant talents of its larger-than-life title character , an icon of stage , radio and screen .
McKay does a spectacular job of nailing the booming voice , quivering jowls , quick-tempered impatience and larger-than-life presence of Welles .
Welles , wonderfully characterised by Christian McKay , is the centre of his universe , and he has no doubts about his genius . . What the film does well is the effortless creative talent that drove Welles and the negative aspects of it . .
A wonderful coming of age story , intricately set in the world of theatre , Me and Orson Welles is a seductive film about dreams and betrayal . There is much more than a career on stage at risk
The movie makes a solid argument that this kind of biography , portraying a person via a defining moment in their life , may be far more effective than the formulaic birth-to-death biopics that have been so in vogue this decade .
When Welles arrives in the frame , all bluster and charm and intimidation , the movie jolts to life . And it ca n't help but fade a little when he leaves .
The only problem is the me .
A nice piece of fluff that will be particularly enjoyed by those with a taste for the era when the theatre was rife with Teutonic personalities , both behind the curtain and onstage .
It 's a good thing Christian McKay delivers such an eerily accurate performance as Welles , because as pleasant as Linklater 's shrug of a film is , it 's built on a flimsy plot .
A film of true -LRB- if conventional -RRB- pleasures
Linklater shows how Welles ' hubris take him from the Caesar of his own theater to playing Falstaff on ` The Dean Martin Show . '
Caveat emptor . This is really a movie about the `` me '' -- a starstruck adolescent from New Jersey who lands a bitpart in Welles 's production of Julius Caesar , not so much about the great actor , director and leftwing mover and shaker .
There is , thanks to McKay 's multi-layered performance , the sense of glee , not only in getting away with behaving badly , but also in the creative process that he is guiding , both of which tap within the viewer a sort of guilty envy
A tribute to the transformative power of art -- not just for the audience but for the artist ...
I 've seen plenty of great impersonations of Orson Welles and yet I 've never seen any of them come remotely close to this .
A toothless nostalgia trip , awash in name-dropping and only occasionally charming as a coming-of-age story .
Curiously inert but for the excellent -LRB- and accurately stagy -RRB- impersonation of Orson Welles by British stage actor Christian McKay ...
One of the best films I 've ever seen about the theater , about being in love with art , about first disillusionment with art , and about the ability to bounce back from that .
Less Zac , more Christian would have been nice . As it stands , McKay 's performance elevates this film to the stratosphere . Wildly entertaining . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Linklater brings his characteristically spry touch to yet another very different sort of movie than he 's done before in the lively Me and Orson Welles , anchored by Christian McKay 's stirring performance .
Lacking the sociopolitical context of Tim Robbins ' 1999 Cradle Will Rock -LRB- another look at the early days of the Mercury -RRB- , this nevertheless does an admirable job in its dissection of Welles ' fascinating -- and infuriating -- personality .
It 's not an insult to say that ` Me and Orson Welles ' lacks the audacity that Welles brought to movies , radio and the stage . By merely reminding viewers of Welles and his achievements , it 's not hard to imagine his silky baritone bellowing with approval .
Without McKay , Me and Orson Welles would be unthinkable as a film ; with him , Linklater 's delightful celebration of the arts turns out to be one of the season 's most surprising gifts .
There 's nothing interesting about Efron 's character which means that a film built around him ca n't hold our attention for long , with the possible exception of a certain audience demographic who still thinks he 's dreamy .
Linklater 's directing style is pretty much gimmick-free . No razzle-dazzle is required when you have a story as rich as this , characters as fascinating as these and actors who can bring it all to life .
My favorite holiday meal is ham , not turkey . That might be why I find Me and Orson Welles so appetizing .
McKay 's blustery but believable performance is one of the more memorable supporting turns in any film this year .
The most resonant voice belongs to Welles , or rather to McKay , who uncannily channels the charm , ego and flim-flammery of the man who would soon move to Hollywood to direct and star in Citizen Kane .
Zac Efron and Claire Danes evince all the charisma and erotic charge of a wet sock making love to a waterbug hopped up on caffeine .
McKay 's Welles is endowed by every other character with a panoply of larger-than-life qualities and he portrays them all without ever turning into a cartoon . His performance alone merits a viewing .
Englishman Christian McKay walks off with the Orson Welles impersonation prize , and he 'll be difficult to top . No telling how many times he 's watched Citizen Kane .
The movie is only really alive when McKay 's Welles arrives in any scene , like a storm blowing through the room .
Christian McKay 's impersonation of young Orson Welles is sensational in this enjoyable , though slight , historical fiction about a teen who spends a memorable week with the legendary wonder .
If you are going to make a film about Orson Welles then you need an actor who can provide a brilliant impersonation of this colossus of the New York stage . They have found such an actor in Christian McKay .
The very name Orson Welles stands for genius wasted and betrayed , and the movie offers some foreshadowing of his triumphs and failures to come .
A film that nearly everyone will enjoy on their own terms but it 's also surprisingly bland considering the larger-than-life personality that gives it half a title .
A thoroughly enjoyable film that wraps a coming-of-age story around the portrait of a genius .
Linklater has crafted an always genial and at times even joyful period charmer about that moment on the cusp : before a boy becomes a man and another man becomes a mythological figure .
McKay gives one of those performances you have to see to believe , and one that will make you want to see Me and Orson Welles again and again .
Not quite a coming-of-age movie and not quite an examination of the early work of Orson Welles , it 's an odd melange of the two that never quite comes together in a satisfying way .
For theatre buffs who know about that era , this is a treat .
Never before have I seen a theatrical production so brilliantly re-created , and for this major credit must go to the British cinematographer Dick Pope , who makes us feel we 're there on the historic night .
It 's an open question as to who , outside theater geeks , will find this inside-baseball approach quite as fascinating as Linklater apparently does .
Linklater relies on an old-fashioned story and a gallery of fine performances , choosing modest directorial ambitions that suit the material like a second skin .
I forgot that I was looking at an actor . I really believed I was looking at Welles .
Working with the fact-based eponymous novel by Robert Kaplow , first-time screenwriters Holly Gent Palmo and Vince Palmo are content to follow the contours of a standard behind-the-scenes story about the staging of a play .
The film has a warm , lived-in period feel close to Woody Allen 's Bullets Over Broadway , and a similar ai n't - theatre-crazy vibe . But there 's a hard-bitten realism behind the sweetness .
Christian McCay 's performance is mesmerizing . It is as if Orson Welles himself rose from the grave , shed several hundred pounds and 60 years , and walked imperiously back on screen .
Me and Orson Welles is a movie for people who love live theater .
The Welles material is key , but the script also understands the world of a theatrical production , fleshing out all the backstage drama that inhabits it .
Me and Orson Welles is a little velvet sack of diamonds . It 's a sparkling love letter to a gigantic talent , a romance , a comedy , a drama .
Linklater keeps everything bouncing along , in sepia light and roar-of-the-greasepaint dust , giving us a little lesson in theater history along with an appealing coming-of-age tale .
Linklater 's film adaptation succeeds in bringing the flamboyant Welles to life , without resorting to caricature -LRB- although a few vintage Al Hirschfelds adorn the walls -RRB- .
McKay embodies the famed director so seamlessly it 's enough to recommend this otherwise inoffensively lackluster film .
A real charmer , Me and Orson Welles is the work of a director who takes nostalgia , romantic possibility and the theater seriously , without being a pill about it .
British actor Christian McKay is Welles , and he 's so stunningly good as Welles - he gets both his physical essence and his spirit - that all else fades to the background .
It 's worth the price of a ticket just to see Welles alive again , foaming at the mouth , prowling the stage , and dishing up virulent witticisms with Tommy Gun timing .
Captures behind-the-scenes mayhem as the result of having a brilliant windbag at the helm , causing both chaos and inspiration with all his hot air .
The impersonation of Welles by Christian McKay in Me and Orson Welles is the centerpiece of the film , and from it , all else flows . We can almost accept that this is the Great Man .
The detail of the '30s Manhattan setting may be perfunctory , but in this he mirrors Welles 's own production , whose schematic set design , with its expressionistic lighting and rough-hewn props , evoked a nightmare world of contemporary totalitarianism .
-LSB- A -RSB- n acerbic coming-of-age story , a warmly yearning nostalgia piece , and a smartly uproarious farce all in one ...
Linklater does n't give his cast the extra shot of adrenaline it badly needs % u2014the direction to pick up the pace .
... broadly drawn and artificial , except where it counts .
Zac confidently takes another few steps away from the Wildcats of East High in an amiable showcase for his talents .
The only thing is it 's grammatically incorrect . Should n't it be Orson Welles and I ?
Efron turns out to be a real star , with enormous screen charisma that works well for the character ; he turns out to be a real actor , too , very much part of an ensemble .
It 's a fun , smart movie about artistic aspirations , but its worthiness stems from Christian McKay 's terrific performance .
Sparkly , if unmemorable , its unusually old-fashioned charm makes Me And Orson Welles more like something Efron 's army of tiny , squealing fans would take their mums to - rather than the other way around .
A really satisfying backstage drama , this is an exhilarating tour around a man whose talent was almost as big as his ego .
There 's a strong ensemble flavour , characterised by the simultaneously selfish and clubbable tendencies of the actors , which makes for a lightly comic experience but also for a portrait of a theatre company that feels warm and true .
It 's slight but it more than satisfies whenever Christian McKay 's Welles is to the fore .
The film fails as a character portrait , a drama or a snapshot of an era , while simultaneously offering tantalising hints of each . Apart from watching the rising star McKay strut his stuff , there 's little to recommend in Me and Orson Welles .
As so often with films reverently dealing with theatre folk , the directing itself becomes exasperatingly theatrical and inert .
A characteristic Richard Linklater film . And Richard Linklater films are characteristically very good indeed .
Cleverly employing the florid self-consciousness of the theatre world into which it offers us a glimpse , Me and Orson Welles elicits an irresistible grin .
There 's no doubt that Me And Orson Welles is a sharp contrast to Efron 's Disney days and will probably not appeal to his younger fans .
A thoroughly enjoyable wheeze , bobbing along to a jaunty score -LRB- cue Jools Holland cameo -RRB- and blessed with moments of knowing wit .
A diverting period comedy-drama , but slight compared to Linklater at his sharpest . Worth catching , though , for newcomer Christian McKay 's magisterial portrayal of the young Welles in all his moody , manipulative glory .
If there are romantic comedy elements to what is one of the eclectic Linklater 's finest films yet , these are outweighed by a stellar character study .
The highlight is McKay , who conjures the bluster and charisma of Welles , as well as bearing an uncanny physical resemblance to the boy-genius . But the screenplay reveals little about his mercurial character .
Zac Efron proves again that he 's more than a pretty face in this period charmer , but the performance you 'll remember to the end of your days is from an unknown British actor called Christian McKay .
Welles comes off as an imperious , duplicitous , philandering brat . But he 's also funny , seductive , and ingenious .
It 's so dull . While some actors have praised the movie for its accurate portrayal of backstage life , if you have n't trodden the boards it 's much harder to get caught up in the A-to-B dramas facing the troupe , or Richard and Sonja 's affair .
-LSB- Christian McKay -RSB- supercharges the scenes he 's in and captures both the brilliance and ego that Welles was famous for .
Look at Mackay . Look at the handsome-pudgy features , listen to the rolling bass voice , appraise the twinkling eye , marvel at the offhand flourishes of the titanic frame . This is Welles .
Christian McKay 's performance in the title role measures up to that extraordinariness , both inhabiting Welles 's magnetic , overweening personality and approximating a decent physical likeness .
Zac Efron may be the bait that tempts you to see this tale of theatre life and moral dilemma but is it Christian McKay 's amazing Welles that leaves you searching for the superlatives and singing the film 's praises .
Comedy is never any good when it simply goes for laughs - and Linklater and his company have managed something of serious intent very well .
An utterly charming , thoroughly entertaining drama that 's sure to pick up a nomination or two come Oscar time .
Shamelessly old-fashioned , hugely unfashionable and absolutely brilliant .
A sheer delight from start to finish .
Linklater slyly chips away at this insular world , quietly opening it up in magical ways to reveal a hugely entertaining portrait of the maverick auteur at his bravura best .
A small but revealing inside look at Orson Welles at the crisis of his life and the inside story of glamorous 1930 's Broadway .
You feel a little bit what it was like to sit in that theater on opening night . You also feel like what it was and what it still is to be a young person infatuated with writing , with art , with theater ...
It 's no Citizen Kane , and it wo n't change your life . But it 's a well-told story , and sometimes that 's enough .
What do you say about a movie that proves Zac Efron can act , introduces a master thespian in Christian McKay and launches a charm assault that is damn near irresistible ?
Efron 's fix on the period suggests a GPS struggling in a low-signal area , and the movie becomes an affectionate , name-dropping exercise in historical mutilation .
This is a film that will delight those who , like me , exult in hesternal excitements , a brilliant recreation of Welles in 1937 highlighted by terrific music .
Thoroughly engaging , witty , charming and delightful . Christian McKay delivers a brilliant , utterly captivating and Oscar-worthy performance as Orson Welles .
An agreeable divertissement , easy to take -- and equally easy to forget .
Breezy period film not meant for tween Zac Efron fans .
The story of a teenager 's sometimes uncomfortable brush with greatness , it is necessary viewing for anyone whose imagination has been seduced by the charms of art .
It is pleasant enough and will provide an education to any of Efron 's young fans who do turn up , but McKay 's stellar turn deserves something much more substantial than this trifling bonbon .
One of the best pictures about the stage in recent memory .
Deft , affectionate , and unexpectedly enjoyable .
Surprisingly conventional by director Richard Linklater 's standards , this pleasant , low-key dramedy is most memorable for the discovery of co-star Christian McKay .
Welles is brilliantly embodied by Christian McKay in one of those , hey-who 's - that ? performances that tends to draw Oscar talk , even if the film itself is n't much more than an extremely pleasant lark .
Brought to vibrant life by a superb performance from Christian McKay as Orson Welles
Christian McKay 's performance is an extraordinary immersion that rivals the legendary portrayals of icons in movies past .
It 's worth sitting through Efron 's vacant performance to get to the meat of McKay 's performance .
This is a standard coming-of-age story set in a milieu that 's anything but standard , and that 's what keeps the picture 's motor running .
As in life , the presence of Welles never fails to overtake things and McKay 's command of the subject is so Welles-ian that when he 's in a scene everyone else fades a little . And neither -LSB- Linklater -RSB- nor the film ever quite recover from that .
It 's slight , only sporadically enjoyable and sometimes corny .
A funny and appealing coming-of-age drama propelled by a razzle-dazzle performance by Christian McKay as the legendary boy-wonder Orson Welles .
A terminally bland coming-of-age story about a pretty young man with the worldâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s most awesome after-school job .
In a departure from his usual intimate , character-based fare , director Richard Linklater paints on a broad cinematic canvas that brings Depression-era Broadway vividly to life .
a densely constructed , immensely entertaining 114 minutes
I 'm getting very weary of filmmakers making up conversations , inventing motives and creating events so that their `` based on a real story '' movie can get to `` the real truth . '' Because , actually , there 's only one real truth .
An all-around warm and entertaining film ... has a romanticism that we have n't seen very much from Linklater in recent years .
Set backstage at Welles ' Mercury Theater in 1937 , the fictional tussle is hardly fair or surprising , but we 're reminded that an illusion need n't be deep to be effective
A spirited coming-of-age story , highlighted by Christian McKay 's astounding physical resemblance to Welles and his perceptive , spellbinding impersonation .
The movie that proves that Zac Efron is a real actor , not just a teen star ... The real find here is McKay , who has the music of Welles ' voice tuned perfectly .
Quippy , fast , and enjoyably corny , Welles is like a musical comedy without songs .
The film 's pleasures are to be found almost entirely in the meticulously recreated period design .
The filmmakers would have done better to make a film called `` Orson Welles at the Mercury , '' and construct it around Christian McKay 's impeccable interpretation of the man he played on the New York stage in `` Rosebud : The Lives of Orson Welles . ''
A must-see for movie lovers and theater aficionados of every stripe .
A stunning performance by Christian McKay as the great Orson Welles lifts this from what could have been just frothy entertainment into the sphere of the sublime .
Zac Efron is light and slight as the protag of this intermittently insightful but not too deep tale of the audacious staging of Julius Caesar by the young Orson Welles , marvelously played by newcomer Christian McKay .
A light and frothy confection ...
Whenever Christian McKay is on screen , it 's transportive . So it 's a shame that Linklater did n't see the egotistical irony in the title and just make a film all about Orson Welles . It 's what he would have wanted .
A nicely-made , warmly-shaped story of life upon the wicked stage .
There are moments , especially when Welles is alternating between acting as Brutus and directing everyone else , that it 's possible to forget you 're watching an actor and really believe you 're beholding Orson Welles at work .
Though Me & Orson Welles is nice and smart and unobjectionable , it 's the least exciting , least vibrant movie Linklater has ever made .





@highlight

Me and Orson Welles boasts a breakout performance by Christian McKay and an infectious love of the backstage drama that overcomes its sometimes fluffy tone .