The Bible on the big screen : New take on old tale .
Frankly , anyone could have made this movie in the particular way it 's presented .
A series of tasteful , stultifying reverent postcards , shorn of life , awe , mystery
If nothing else , it is refreshing to see a Christmas movie that actually has something to do with Christmas !
Of course there is nothing inherently wrong with preaching to the converted -- secular Hollywood does it all the time . But I confess I wish the movie had some of the passion of The Passion of the Christ .
A perfectly good cast is undone by a mish-mash of thick accents that are at moments impenetrable .
In essence , the film is exactly what one comes to expect in the telling of the story . Hardwicke brings absolutely nothing to the table , except for a colorless palette . The actors struggle to invest what are essentially plaster saints with some verve , but
-LSB- A -RSB- sincere and utterly unremarkable retelling of the Christmas story .
Catherine Hardwicke -LRB- Lords of Dogtown , Thirteen -RRB- may seem like an unusual choice for a Biblical epic , but she proves an inspired choice , choosing to focus on the authenticity of the story , primarily through Mary .
may well be the greatest story ever told , but it leaves a lot to be desired on a purely cinematic level .
El Nacimiento es el equivalente cinematográfico de una tarjeta postal de Navidad , o de un inocente pesebre viviente . Es tan prolija como fría e impersonal .
They 've made a lovely , respectful movie ... but it 's a Biblical snooze .
For a film about the birth of Jesus , there 's nothing particularly joyous or inspiring - just dull , disinteresting details that too strongly disconnect from the human frailty and folly that is hinted at in the story .
Perhaps this disappointing movie will inspire an up-and-coming filmmaker to sense the true potential of this story , and to deliver the first great film about the nativity .
Just about as perfunctory and old-fashioned as can be .
A motion picture depicting the birth of the Savior ought to stir the soul , not just pass time during a frantic holiday season .
There 's a reason why Christmas pageants tend to clock in at about 20 minutes -- a reason that Hardwicke 's 100-minute film demonstrates with tedious tenacity .
Hardwicke should have looked to the animated The Prince of Egypt , which made the visual and storytelling possibilities of Bible movies breathtaking . This one 's just cashing in on a target audience 's debt to its faith .
Call me a Scrooge , but director Catherine Hardwicke 's rendition of Silent Night , Holy Night plays like a dirge .
We just have n't had too many films that concentrate on this story .
The faithful will be satisfied -LRB- if not exactly inspired -RRB- ...
You have the feeling that if the camera panned just a little to the left or right you 'd see a a catering truck and trailers for the actors .
The film is made with intelligence , restraint , and it shows proper respect for the story .
A glossy , cinematic creche .
... a filmed Sunday-school lesson that favors a dry , by-the-Book approach over even a suggestion of dramatic interpretation . It 's more Christmas pageant than movie .
Many moments are overpowering and humbling , thanks to the source material . This is not a great film or an especially good one , but I do n't have to remind you where its story ranks among those ever told .
A complete surprise : Joseph comes across in this Biblical drama as a more engrossing and mysterious character than Mary .
Hardwicke takes scripture that is at once deeply troubling ... and filled with profound hope , and renders it inert on both counts by playing things so safely that the result is almost irreverent .
Everything is handled with an anvil-like importance , forgetting that , in essence , this is tale of great joy and hope .
With only twenty-four praying days left before Christmas , New Line opts for the filmmaking commandment `` Thou Shall Not Seek Controversy . ''
Director Catherine Hardwicke pays attention to details about simple things like clothes , food and activities that make ` The Nativity Story ' seem so real .
Tailor made for future Sunday school classes everywhere , this by-the-numbers account adds nothing new to the story but has lots of pretty pictures
I have to hand it to Hardwicke : I was a lot less bored by The Nativity Story than I feared I 'd be .
If you 've ever gazed at Christmas cards featuring artworks of the great masters and wished those images would magically come to life , -LSB- this -RSB- is your kind of movie .
It 's not exactly the dullest story ever told , but it 's certainly not the greatest .
This retelling of the familiar tale is as solemnly predictable as a Catholic-school nativity play , and nearly as dull .
When word of Catherine Hardwicke 's attachment to The Nativity Story first surfaced , the possibilities swirled . What if the film reimagined the about-14-year-old Mary as a recognizable teenager ?
The Nativity Story may prove just idiosyncratic enough to alienate the doctrinaire believers but not quite weird enough to appeal to revisionists , cultists or regular holiday moviegoers .
The Nativity Story has a quiet sincerity to it that 's sometimes quite moving , and sometimes just too quiet .
The filmmakers have strived to tell their tale , which is part Scripture and part imagined , with the simplicity and sincerity of a Sunday school lesson , and , as far as I can see , it does not veer from tradition in a way that is likely to offend anyone .
One of the incidental points of the film , particularly powerful , is that doing the right thing is n't easy , even in the face of divine assurance .
How moved you are by this holiday fare depends , beyond basic human empathy , on your piety -LRB- or nostalgia for childhood readings and Nativity plays -RRB- .
An engrossing , thoughtful and artistic motion picture that can be enjoyed by anyone who appreciates potent drama in an exotic location and time .
Beautifully shot , but dramatically inert .
Yes , there is something about Mary . Something inspiring . Something hopeful .
There is none of the anti-clerical , anti-establishment fury of Gibson 's film ; in their place is a simplicity and humble awe that has a very different appeal .
This is the movie Mel Gibson should have made , a simple tale simply titled and sweetly told .
It 's entirely too straightforward and awestruck with itself .
While Mel Gibson 's epic was a divisive film , it had a visceral impact the new movie lacks .
Even some of the many nuns at the screening I attended were shifting uncomfortably in their wimples .
Dull and inert .
True believers deserve better than this lazy lump of holiday coal .
Nativity Story is a thoughtful addition to the Christmas movie canon . It tries to locate the spiritual in the everyday , and it has an open , welcoming heart . You do n't have to buy anyone 's creed to know that that 's good .
For this viewer it felt a bit too much like a made-for-TV special .
Catherine Hardwicke 's original Christmas film is not the greatest story ever told . It is plodding , drab and boring .
It might not hook nonbelievers , but the choir might sing hosannas .
Do n't expect a Caravaggio , but if your taste turns to Hallmark , this is a good bet -- a straight-up Nativity story as safe as death and taxes .
Not entirely disconnected from Hardwicke 's previous work : It 's the tale of an unwed pregnant teen whose parents worry about her getting stoned . The difference here is that the pregnant teen is a virgin , and we 're talking about actual stones .
Hardwicke and her cast and crew do remind us that the birth of Jesus is one of the most lyrical and emotionally resonant stories in all of religious literature .
The Nativity Story is certainly not the greatest movie ever made . If anything , it 's a competent but only sporadically interesting biblical tale .
I 'd call the results of Hardwicke 's efforts mixed .
The movie itself is not a miracle . But it 's working with pretty good material .
For families looking for a Christmas outing , it should not disappoint .
Despite some admirably realistic casting , this is a dutiful and traditional film . And that 's not necessarily a bad thing .
It 's a dreary , depressing slog until finally there 's a tiny , tiny hint that the world could possibly contain joy , love and peace , instead of a wealth of evil .
A refreshingly unadorned example of straightforward storytelling .
At the very least , it 's refreshing to see a holiday film that does n't involve Tim Allen wearing 80 pounds of rubber padding .
This is the most literal Bible adaptation to come out of a major studio I think I have ever seen , and while that is n't necessarily a bad thing making it play like a monotonous sermon certainly is .
Stretching this biblical tale to 90-plus minutes requires a lot of padding .
The pacing is so slow and the religious undertones so heavy that only Jesus himself could rise above the draining weight .
Because Nativity is so traditional , it does n't bring anything new to the table , but it does offer a beautifully shot and terrifically acted Bible story that should last for generations .
The film has moving moments , but it 's also timid and tentative .
A family-friendly Christmas pageant , a Christmas crèche brought to theatrical life .
It avoids Hallmark greeting-card slickness and Cecil B. DeMille razzmatazz , but replaces them with a plodding earnestness that leaves it largely inoffensive but rather dull .
while the subject matter remains fascinating , the storytelling in director Catherine Hardwicke 's film leaves much to be desired . ... reverent almost to a fault , yet its inspirational value is not particularly high .
Devout Christians are invited to ignore the reviews and enjoy the film . Non-Christians and skeptics ought to be looking elsewhere .
One of the greatest stories ever told has become one of the year 's worst movies .
Slavishly reverent , it is accidentally hilarious in its earnestness -- and in its sincere attempts at a touch of humor ; it will please believers who do n't want their faith tested in the least ...
It 's a ` nice ' movie , good for Christian families who want to attend a nativity pageant without having to stand outside in the cold .
An effective pitch for Christianity as the dullest religion ever .
lacks a visual stamp ... and a point of view
Excels when focused on Mary and Joseph , but The Three Wise Men come off more like The Three Stooges .
Newcomer Oliver Isaac effectively conveys tenderness , doubt , courage , and transcendence as Joseph .
A thunderously boring film so circumscribed in scope and crippled in execution that it 's destined to be a minor hit .
The Nativity Story is no whitewashed Christmas pageant , but it 's no masterpiece either .
Keisha Castle-Hughes -LRB- Whale Rider -RRB- makes an appropriately soulful Mary , and the movie 's most engaging scenes involve her mortified parents and mystified husband , Joseph -LRB- Oscar Isaac -RRB- , trying to come to terms with her miraculous pregnancy .
At a time when secular celebrations , including most films , have redefined the holiday as a meaningless and generic act of consumerism , The Nativity Story reclaims its roots as a story of sacrifice and celebration .
This is not a chance to ` experience the most timeless of stories as you 've never seen it before ' but just the opposite : an opportunity , for those who want it , to encounter this story exactly the way it 's almost always been told .
The best of intentions and a 2,000-year-old heartbreaker of a story are not enough to make a compelling film . You need a point of view and something to say .
... The Nativity Story sticks to the familiar details of the narrative and dramatizes them with sincerity and good taste .
The Nativity Story becomes the anti-Passion , a movie that makes a statement against violence rather than exploiting it .
This drab exercise in glum piety slumps where it should soar , sapping the story of its mystery and transcendence with an overriding sense of literality .
The Nativity Story is refreshingly original , an inspiring version for our age and , maybe , for the ages .
It 's a rather lifeless re-telling of the Nativity , with greeting-card imagery and stiff performances .
Perhaps a special appearance from Old St. Nick might not have been such a bad idea .
Nativity is a movie that may not take full advantage of its tale but does n't betray it either .
Inexorably tedious , and full of performances that are either absurdly malevolent in an over-the-top way -LRB- like Ciarán Hinds ' King Herod -RRB- or completely wooden -LRB- like everybody else -RRB- .
` When You Care Enough to Send the Very Best ' ... the film has all the substance , visual appeal , and excitement of a Hallmark card .
Just a clean re-telling of a benchmark in the endless conflict between spirituality and science , God and man .
The story is good , but the execution favors the safe over the challenging . Personally , I 'd rather just read the Bible .
What we end up with is little more than a Christmas pageant with better production values .
Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . It has been three weeks since I saw The Nativity Story , and I still think it is so far from divine as to in fact be abominably bad .
-LSB- The Nativity Story has -RSB- little to offer besides a pageant with TV-style melodramatic flourishes .
The proceedings come across as quite a bit less than the greatest story every told .
... allows us to think of the parties involved as real human beings and not just characters from a Sunday school lesson .
There is more spirituality in Santa Clause III
Even at the height of Hollywood biblical epics , the real meaning of Christmas was essentially ignored . The Nativity Story goes a long way toward redressing this historic omission .
The greatest story ever told has been made into one of the worst movies of the year .
Well conceived . Indeed , there 's something about Mary .
This is an old-fashioned Biblical film that , except for a very few aspects , could have been made in the '50s ... If you 're not a wiseass like me and you like this sort of thing , -LSB- it -RSB- will probably be adequate ...
With a fresh approach to the birth of Jesus , Hardwicke -LRB- Thirteen -RRB- tells the biblical story with energy and spark , adding layers of meaning that give the film a bit of a kick .
` The Nativity Story ' is n't religious art . It 's a trinket .
The Nativity Story is a film of tame picture-book sincerity , but that 's not the same thing as devotion . The movie is too tepid to feel , or see , the light .
For those who are not pulled to this movie for its religious slant , there 's no reason to go . There 's nothing here for a serious movie-goer . Despite the sizeable budget , this is little more than a glossy Christmas tract .
A masterpiece . Mary and Joseph are shown as real people ; locations are captivatingly recreated . Joseph gets more time than usual...Castle-Hughes is the best Mary ever seen on film .
Like a long and lame Sunday school lesson told in a lifeless , monotone voice , it invites slumber rather than interest .
Surprisingly sedate telling of the rather well-known tale from Catherine Hardwicke .
A lumbering drama that inspires yawns more than anything else .
Courtesy of Catherine Hardwicke , The Nativity has become the most boring story ever told .
In their silken robes , the wise men -- like everyone else in The Nativity Story -- feel like participants in an elaborate high school production , one that looks authentic but has no soul .
The Nativity Story does only so much to enliven a drama that has been playing out in Sunday schools and on suburban lawns for centuries .
It 's hard to imagine a more faithful retelling , in the religious sense , of the stories told in Luke and Matthew 's New Testament , surrounding the events leading to the birth of Jesus . This is not necessarily a good thing , though .
Memories of dreary Sunday school classes come flooding back courtesy of The Nativity Story .
Hollywood is in a born-again mode with its rediscovery that Biblical epics can bring manna at the boxoffice . In New Line Cinema 's The Nativity Story we have the first smart , artistically and spiritually satisfying film to emerge from this trend .







@highlight

The Nativity Story is a dull retelling of a well-worn tale with the look and feel of a high-school production .