Naturally , the dogs are the star of the show here , and some of their feats -LRB- unaided by computer effects -RRB- must be seen to be believed .
Hotel for Dogs delivers warm messages about generosity and sticking with seemingly impossible goals . There are worse ways to spend a winter afternoon than with this amusing comedy .
Undemanding tykes will gets their giggles flowing with the Rube Goldberg-style contraptions invented for the dogs .
... unapologetically geared towards younger viewers ...
All that matters is that the loose ends of this sweet , kids-outsmart-the-adults fable are ultimately tied together nicely in a fashion certain to satisfy the average five year-old by the time the closing credits roll .
Not bad . It is funny and touching at times , even though the premise is pretty close to impossible .
You 'll admire the doggie tricks and tolerate the rest , which is both the best and worst thing that can be said about it .
In Thor Freudenthal 's heartwarming wag based on Lois Duncan 's book , the strays are n't your usual mangy curs but well-groomed pedigreed show dogs who 're aw-shucks cute .
So , never work with children and animals , eh ?
Até mesmo Cheadle e Kudrow , dois intérpretes normalmente confiáveis , parecem estar no piloto automático nesta produção que tem , como único atrativo , os truques de seu elenco de quatro patas .
The dogs are never quite as entertaining as they should be for the kids in the audience , and the hypercutesiness and speechifying at the end will lead to much tightening of adult sphincters .
Accompanying adults will be disappointed to see the talents of Lisa Kudrow wasted .
Anodyne family fare , Hotel is awash with all-American sentimentality but the many cute canines might just make it bearable for younger viewers .
Cheerful family-com .
Everyone needs love and a home , whether kids or animals , is the cheesy but entirely heartfelt message of this fairly predictable and old-fashioned kids ' movie .
The schmaltz is laid on thick , but kids love this sort of stuff and , refreshingly , the dog bits are done the old-fashioned , fun way : with animal trainers rather than CGI .
Despite all these reservations , many children will enjoy this picture , and it 's the best-crafted , most entertaining Hollywood product of a very bad week .
Kids could do worse than check in at the two - star Hotel For Dogs this half-term .
Are you under 11 , love dogs and think the only thing funnier than someone stepping in poo is someone stepping in it again ? Boy , you 've hit the jackpot !
It is a nice blend of slapstick fun , a little family pathos and a whole bunch of dogs of all shapes and sizes and is likely to be a popular draw for harassed parents looking for a little respite from the youngsters .
Inventive and endearing in places but ultimately an unsatisfying mix of slow plotting and superficial characterisation .
True , there 's only the merest suggestion of an education system for these juveniles , but credibility 's secondary when you 've got lots of dogs doing cute stuff .
All the innocence of the Beethoven film series but with more dogs .
It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment . Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents .
Cute , silly family fare from Nickelodeon .
Full of cute mutts and daft ideas , you might as well call it 101 Dumb Notions .
If you lapped up Beverly Hills Chihuahua , this canine caper about two siblings who turn a derelict hotel into a refuge for stray pooches will no doubt be the mutt 's nuts .
The premise is sound but the script is rather clunky and the film suffers from an uncertainty of tone .
At the start , Kudrow 's character tells the time-wasting kids , `` You owe me 30 seconds of my life . '' I 'm owed rather more .
Whilst not as funny as it could have been , Hotel For Dogs gets by on sheer charm , thanks to a likeable cast , a decent script , pacey direction and a high cuteness factor .
Although it 's not quite as consistently engaging or funny as it could be , this doggy adventure has moments that grab the imagination
The real stars of this movie are not the notice-me dogs or the notice-me-more kids . The stellar pair are failed rock singer Carl Scudder -LRB- Kevin Dillon -RRB- and his sidekick chick Lois -LRB- Lisa Kudrow -RRB- .
Corny and silly ... with a brisk pace and lively soundtrack .
Slumdog .
Well , it 's just so doggone cute .
Hotel for Dogs '' is naturally attractive because of the sheer number of dogs in the film , suitable for any dog lover such as myself ...
The images are cluttered and murky , the comic rhythms falter , and the adult humans in the cast , including Lisa Kudrow and Don Cheadle , seem resigned to being upstaged by the kids and dogs .
All in all it 's a very pleasant way to spend the afternoon with a bunch of kids .
I was really hoping there 'd been some misunderstanding about the title and this would turn out to be Eli Roth 's Hostel for Dogs .
The animal side of the movie is great ; the human side not so great .
Will the kids like it ? Yeah , probably . Will the parents tolerate it or enjoy it ? Probably not .
Dog people will like it .
never feels more than surface , more than flash .
Grownup audience members may fidget more than their kids .
Canine charmers fill the screen in ` Hotel for Dogs , ' but the heartwarming relationship between a brother and sister gives this movie its greatest appeal
Could have used another rewrite and a tighter edit , but the kindness-promoting message -LRB- think of the ` Shelter Stories ' interludes in the newspaper comic strip ` Mutts ' -RRB- is welcome .
Plot rehash aside , it 's hard not to like 30 highly trained stunt dogs . You wo n't be howling with laughter or at the moon or anything else , but the movie is surprisingly sweet .
Adults will see the huge plot holes that pepper Hotel for Dogs but the filmmakers know that the real audience , the youngsters , wo n't care .
Hotel for Dogs gives the mutts plenty of personality , but every so often , the story has to fling back into the lives of the kids . That 's when I 'd lose interest .
Young pet lovers will get a kick out of dog comedy .
-LSB- C -RSB- harmingly silly , sincerely sweet ... feels much more like the classic , gentle family films of the 1970s we grew up with than the slapstick grossouts that pass for kids ' films today ...
It 's sad to see a promising fantasy turn into yet another industrial-scale fantasy-delivery system that beats up on its audience with mindless intensity and undercuts its own humanity .
The human dramas are less involving -LSB- than the dogs ' -RSB- , and a pair of teen romances feel like something on the Disney Channel .
Plot and character development are pretty much irrelevant in the sunshiny fantasy world of this movie .
A well-made , slightly old-fashioned adventure with a few fantasy elements and a modern , ironic sense of humor .
A sweet reminder of the importance of family and community , human and canine alike .
In the end , the message is what prevails . The movie 's political and moral points -- and theme about creating family however you can find it -- elevate it above the average kids movie .
It 's no great shakes as a film , but its combination of mild comedy , slapstick , pathos , many photogenic canines and a positive message will make it irresistible to families .
The crisp look director Thor Freudenthal brings to the visuals is n't matched in its story or its characters , all of whom , including the dogs , lack a special zip .
It 's all silly but remarkably fun and should wring smiles from even the grouchiest cat lover .
-LSB- The filmmakers -RSB- can handle cheap gags and visuals , but story , character , dialogue , even a consistent tone are entirely out of their grasp .
A movie like Hotel For Dogs is so carefully demographically targeted , it takes the guesswork out of deciding whether to go . It is not a movie that kids and adults will enjoy equally .
It 's like flipping through five years of dog calendars .
There really is no good reason for Don Cheadle to be in Hotel for Dogs , unless perhaps he 's somehow contractually obliged to appear in every movie that features the word `` hotel '' in its title .
One comedy that will have you begging for more . A motley group of talented canines outperform the humans .
Ultimately a tribute to the Power of Cute Pooches ; despite all the film 's shortcomings , the dogs deliver genuine laughs and prove to be thoroughly engaging protagonists .
Friendly , formulaic , completely harmless .
Look , I love dogs . But this film tried my patience almost beyond endurance .
A fetching and funny family film with special appeal to dog lovers .
Part of me thinks young children will still be entertained by this mess , but anyone over the age of eight will probably start to squirm in their seat in boredom fairly quickly .
Beverly Hills Chihuahua may not be comic gold , but it at least tried to throw in some entertainment for the adults in the crowd .
`` Hotel for Dogs '' gets 4 paws way up !
It may not be Hotel Rwanda , but Don Cheadle does bring a nice dose of compassion to Hotel for Dogs .
The dogs include a fine three-legged fellow who reminded me of my in-law 's old dog , Buddy , and that 's the sort of movie we have here . You use it to think about dogs you once knew , or the ones whose company you 're enjoying at present .
There are movies that work for children and there are movies that work for all ages , and while I , as a grownup , prefer the latter , I 'll have to admit that the kids in my screening of Hotel for Dogs liked it just fine .
You can predict the end of the film in the first five minutes but I will say that the dogs and the gadgets were pretty fun to watch .
Parental Content Review
Loaded with enough stupid pet and human tricks to satisfy David Letterman for years to come .
Some of this stuff is fun , but some of it is crushingly routine .
The dogs carry the film appropriately , perhaps even outacting their human costars . Especially Cheadle , who should really have a long conversation with his agent about his future in worthwhile film roles .
While it is not uncommon for Serious Actors to lighten up and make a film their kids can see , it is nonetheless jarring to see someone on the level of Don Cheadle turn up in a January-released , kiddie animal programmer .
Unpolished , undernourished and inconsequential , Hotel for Dogs is mediocre , at best . You watch it , you wait for it to be over , and you go about your day without giving it another thought .
Don Cheadle stars in Hotel for Dogs . Did he lose some sort of bet to Clooney and Pitt ?
Cute kids cuter dogs = one doggone cute movie .
You 'd probably be just as entertained chasing your own tail .
Hotel for Dogs reminds me -- in a good way -- of the Disney live-action classics of the '60s .
Even the normally reliable Kudrow can barely disguise her contempt for the material .
The dogs , nearly 100 of them , do n't talk or shop or show the sentience to take a Mexican vacation . In fact , they leave all the acting to the humans
There 's no disguising fluff this fluffy .
By movie 's end , I had whiplash from the movie 's lurches between frivolity and seriousness .
The film goes to the dogs . They do n't steal the scenes , they are the scenes . They bring so much personality that it 's hard for any of the actors to compete , even the kids .
Cute and rambunctious and not a little old-fashioned -- it 's like an old Disney live-action comedy from the 1960s , but with better effects .
There is n't a malicious bone in the film 's body .
Comparatively , a movie about a hotel for hogs , logs or frogs might have had a chance .
Hotel for Dogs is a sweet , innocent family movie about stray dogs that seem as well-trained as Olympic champions .
Although younger children will doubtless love it , Hotel for Dogs is too often cute for its own sake to really entertain anyone else .
In the department of small mercies , the dogs do n't talk , but the human dialogue is as stale as the characters bathing in love-the-family-you 're - with pathos .
Hotel for Dogs sends out a positive message about animals in need .
Expect canine-loving crowds to book repeat reservations for this lively , if entirely predictable , family comedy .
Hotel for Dogs is light entertainment with plenty of dog action for adults an kids alike .
It 's harmless junk for small kids -- but no matter how harmless , it 's still junk .
A laughless , gadget-geared and poop-obsessed kid comedy based on a Lois Duncan book , it will sorely test any parent hoping to have a few laughs with the kids and make it home without a side trip to the Humane Society .
It 's not a TV remake , with pooches playing the parts made famous by James Brolin , Anne Baxter , and Connie Sellecca . Damn .
Marking its territory in the mind-boggling
middle ground between Schindler 's List and Beverly Hills Chihuahua , the cartoonish kid pic Hotel for Dogs turns out to be a weirdly oblivious Holocaust parable .
The film would 've been better served if the maudlin human struggles and teenybopper romance had been cut and replaced with a bunch of Shiba Inu puppies rolling around the hotel lobby .
Funny , sometimes moving and supremely imaginative , time will tell if this is the kids ' classic that it certainly appears to be .
Oh yeah , there are some people in it , and they 're perfectly OK . But it 's not their movie .
A clever concept that quickly runs out of room to roam .
Whimsical and at times a bit formulaic , but never overly sentimental , the movie benefits from a strongly sketched collective adolescent point-of-view , letting its kid stars drive the action in a world full of mostly buffoonish adults .
The dogs in Hotel For Dogs perform breathtaking stunts , touching love scenes , heart-breaking soliloquies with their eyes and clever , clever tricks . The human actors get upstaged at every turn .
A chihuahua-sized concept served up in a doggy bag of contrivances and shtick .
Adapted from Lois Duncan 's popular children 's book , it 's doggie-thumbs up to this fresh and breezy family-friendly film that not only tells its delightfully inventive story well , but is ultra cute to boot










@highlight

Hotel for Dogs may appeal to children and dog lovers , but it 's ultimately contrived , predictable , and simplistic .