A powerhouse performance piece for Jamie Foxx and a rock solid biopic .
Excellent portrayal of extraordinary musician .
Jamie Foxx is excellent , and sturdily supported by -LSB- James L. -RSB- White 's script all the way .
I wanted excellent , but it 's only mediocre .
Ray is filled with such pleasures , but it 's hobbled by the too-familiar conventions of the musical biopic : with so many chapters of Charles 's life to cover , Hackford 's movie never finds a rhythm , a groove , to settle into .
Give Jamie Foxx the damn Oscar already , it 's done .
Potent and vibrant as far as the music goes , but reticent , self-conscious and pretty much stuck on unexplored surfaces when it comes to this creative giant 's complex life and times .
The directing is sure-handed , the script intelligent , and the acting strong , especially the amazing performance from Foxx .
click to read full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
It 's a bravura performance , but we never feel that we really know who Ray Charles was , or even that Foxx does .
Ray is a flawed film , but Foxx 's captivating acting and a bustling soundtrack smooth the rough spots .
` Jamie Foxx brinda una de esas interpretaciones que , aunque suene a cliché , quedan para la historia '
-LRB- ... -RRB- Una lograda actuación y buena música no hacen , necesariamente , una gran película . Y Ray es uno de esos casos .
Feels like it 's trying to cover too much ground .
A very good film , regardless of whether or not you love Ray Charles ' music . And even if it was a lesser film , Jamie Foxx 's performance would have made it worth watching .
Paints a dramatic and surprisingly frank picture of the music legend .
Yet another ho-hum man of genius biopic , showcasing a scenery-chewing lead-behaving-badly , shoddy Freudian psychoanalysis , and cliche bottom-of-the-ninth redemption .
This is a great time at the movies , an unforgettable story about a true legend .
A busca por concisão em uma cinebiografia é importante , mas não pode ser alcançada sacrificando-se a complexidade da história e tornando-a artificial , que é o que ocorre aqui .
A good film but not a great one .
`` Ray '' is truly one of the best films this year .
Ray is a powerhouse of a film , and Jamie Foxx inhabits the character with so much voracity that it is impossible to decipher where Foxx ends and Charles starts .
Some of the performances of Ray Charles 's greatest hits send you right over the void at the center of the movie .
.
In spite of Foxx 's impressive work , we barely scratch the surface of Ray Charles ' interior life .
Often immensely enjoyable .
... so suffused with clichéd mock-eventfulness and insipid veneration that you 'd think -LSB- director Taylor -RSB- Hackford might be nominating -LSB- Ray Charles -RSB- for sainthood .
At all moments , Ray is a blend of the workmanlike with the unresolved , the piquant and the tendentious , the stuff that do right and the stuff that do wrong .
Emerges as an honest and loving tribute to one of the few , true legends of modern music .
Yes , it 's true , but you may find it rather off-putting to witness a hero knocked down a notch or two .
Benefits greatly from a wealth of powerful supporting performances , in addition to Jamie Foxx 's star-making turn .
Features the performance of a lifetime by Jamie Foxx .
Jamie Foxx is magnetic as Ray Charles but does not show us enough inner conflict . The film is at its best showing the roots of the character .
With Foxx as the front man , and with the real life recordings of Ray Charles as the soundtrack , Ray is a musical biography that transcends the clichés of the genre .
Jamie Foxx 's spectacular performance -LRB- hindered by the inability to act with his eyes -RRB- anchors a rich , strong film .
The narrative structure of Ray may be conventional but there are many other compensations : Hackford 's ebullient direction and Jamie Foxx 's incandescent performance .
Won me over because of Jamie Foxx 's powerful performance where he inhabits Charles -- capturing the singer 's characteristics .
It is n't the superficial career reconstruction that makes this movie worth the price of admission , it 's the `` Best of Charles '' compilation that will move you .
Much more than Smith as Ali or Hopkins as Nixon , the actor loses himself so thoroughly in the role that it 's impossible to tell where Ray Charles ends and Jamie Foxx begins .
... gives the Hallmark treatment to an unruly legend . Foxx is so superbly convincing , you ca n't help wishing the movie had trusted him more . He -LRB- and the cast -RRB- deserve better .
While Foxx makes the film worthwhile , Hackford nearly ruins by investing `` Ray '' with the emotional equivilant of a Diet Pepsi ad .
` When all is said and done , and Oscar time rolls around , Jamie Foxx will be difficult to beat in the Best Actor category . '
' ... the audience feels as though this is the real Ray Charles playing himself . I ca n't say anything more than that in tribute to Jamie Foxx 's outstanding work . '
Anchored by Foxx 's astonishingly powerful performance , this moving and engaging biographical film ... is also director Hackford 's finest film .
As if we were n't sure before , now it 's official : This is the year of the Foxx .
It 's the music that keeps me drawn into the film , followed closely by Jamie Foxx 's soulful -LRB- in both senses of the word -RRB- performance .
An emphatically entertaining , toe-tapping cautionary tale about how drug addiction is more crippling than any physical handicap .
... a case of a star performance outshining the movie . Foxx is like a virtuoso headline act backed up by a band that wanders in and out of key .
-LSB- Foxx 's -RSB- peerless work elevates this otherwise ordinary biopic , which is plagued by stiff dialogue and hokey imagery .
Jamie Foxx 's all-encompassing performance in the title role more than justifies the early Oscar gossip it has generated .
Eminently worth seeing .
Ray boasts a great smorgasbord of music and a fine performance by Jamie Foxx but is hobbled by a mediocre screenplay and its long playing time .
` Overlong , but what makes the film 's length more endurable is the impeccable acting of its cast . '
Worth your attention for the performances and Charles ' music , but not for its shapeless , simplistic script or Hackford 's flaccid filmmaking .
Vibrantly intelligent and tough-minded .
About as loyal a portrait as its subject could have wanted , although for our sake , Hackford might have given us more of the man and less of the legend .
Foxx is essentially critic-proof ... Yet he 's embroiled in an editing nightmare .
The film leaves us with an impression that Ray Charles was one of the artists who mattered most in the history of recorded music .
In Taylor Hackford 's `` Ray , '' Jamie Foxx delivers the season 's most mesmerizing performance as late singer Ray Charles .
Foxx so admirably immerses himself in the role that -LRB- with all due respect -RRB- Charles himself could not have done a better job .
Jamie Fox is electrifying as Ray Charles in Ray that has Oscar written all over it . I gained a new appreciation for Jamie Fox and Ray Charles wonderful music .
The film does n't make Ray Charles ' lifetime events into necessary , cumulative movie events .
This bio-pic is n't about Ray Charles ' moral highlights . It was about his revolutionary development of his own music , and how he took control of his own destiny .
Jamie Foxx 's impersonation of Ray Charles completely fails to live up to the hype .
Ray Charles will be missed , but there will always be his music , and now this film .
The 2004 Oscar season kicks off with a great performance by Jamie Foxx and great music -- wrapped in a not-so-great movie .
Suffers from over-emphasis on personal demons , too many flashbacks and a tacked-on ending -- but Jamie Foxx is incredible .
A film that delivers on all cylinders and is truly a fitting legacy to the great man himself .
The genius of Ray Charles ' music is matched by the brilliance of Jamie Foxx 's performance .
... a tribute movie , really , rather than a rousing or revealing biography .
features an outstanding performance by Jamie Foxx in the title role , luscious production design and of course , all of that great Ray Charles music .
With his performance as Ray Charles , -LSB- Jamie Foxx -RSB- has proven himself worthy of being in the front ranks of contemporary movie actors .
Sure , it 's the Jamie Foxx breakout role . But the movie around it is so systematically ` inspirational ' that it comes perilously close to sabotaging the breakout .
Despite its formulaic filmmaking and redundancies , Ray can be a blast to watch .
Suffers from a few of the same pitfalls all biopics do , but succeeds on the eerily accurate work of Jamie Foxx .
... -LSB- a -RSB- heartfelt and hauntingly poetic biopic . Hackford 's potent examination of Ray Charles is profoundly revealing and courageous
Ray never misses a beat .
Foxx , like Will Smith in Ali , has perfected a party trick rather than a performance . Give him some sunglasses , let him rock back and forth , and he does a great Ray Charles .
Foxx is terrific and the music is great , but Ray is an overlong , meat and potatoes biopic with a not particularly likable hero
Foxx does what he 's supposed to . He steals his own show .
To describe Foxx 's performance here is to gush , and so gush we will .
When -LSB- the music is n't playing -RSB- , the film seems conventional , unimaginative and stretched out well beyond its ability to sustain narrative momentum .
Ultimately , the real reason to see the film is for Foxx 's world-caliber performance : He does n't just impersonate Charles , he actually seems to be channeling him .
Enjoy the music -- and Foxx . They 're terrific .
A sometimes wobbly blend of the ordinary and the amazing , Ray is nevertheless entirely engaging because of a remarkable central performance and a smartly lived-up-to promise .
... although Foxx 's performance may go down as one of the best in a biopic ever , I feel as though the film itself will be remembered as good , but not great .
Jamie Foxx is incredible as musical giant Ray Charles .
So provocative , magnetic , supremely cool , and hard-edged was he , that Ray , the movie , could never measure up to the genius himself .
A riveting , warts-and-all portrait of both Ray Charles and 20th century America .
If only the movie contained half as much life as Foxx , it would be something truly remarkable -- a movie with soul , rather than one merely about it .
It takes all of five seconds , tops , to believe that Jamie Foxx is the young Ray Charles .
Ray has the sound , drive , heat and wallop of Ray Charles .
Let 's just give him his Oscar now and be done with it .
Though Ray clocks in at 152 minutes , I would n't cut a frame ; it 's a big , bountiful , beautifully mounted biopic about a giant of American music .
Any viewers who look at Ray and see only clichés are declaring themselves hopelessly lost to the real achievement of this picture , which is nothing less than a statement of faith in the inclusiveness of American culture .
Foxx delivers one of those uncanny impersonation/performance/channeling deals that musical bios tend to inspire in actors -LRB- Gary Busey as Buddy Holly , Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison -RRB- , abetted by Foxx 's natural gifts as a piano player and stage performer .
Foxx helps us to truly understand how much Charles ' blindness allows him to achieve , especially when combined with an innate wiliness .
You may be so pleasantly swept up in the performances and the music that Ray will send you out of the theater singing and smiling .
Foxx 's performance is an absolute career-maker , and he 's surrounded by fine actors . By amazing music , too .
Jamie Foxx should start clearing some space on his mantle -- his extraordinary , transcendent performance as music legend Ray Charles in the exuberant Ray is the one to beat for Best Actor come Oscar night .
It is in Ray 's many music sequences that Hackford 's direction is most confident .
Like a greatest-hits compilation , Ray 's reach is wide , not deep , serving up a smattering of influences , events and personalities that helped shape Charles ...
Foxx manages to win the tug-of-war with the melodramatic material , giving a tour-de-force performance .
The movie -- two hours and 25 minutes long and , by the end , you feel every minute of it -- completely falls apart in the third act .
Ray may not be a great movie , but it features a great performance and unquestionably great music . That 's more than enough reason to spend some time with the man in the sunglasses .
What makes Foxx 's performance so remarkable is that he does n't just get into the skin of this music icon , but into the man 's very soul .
What can Ray tell us about such a familiar figure ? A Lot .
The music is inspired and the cast terrifically committed , but Ray is still a long way from being a good movie .
Director Taylor Hackford hits most of the right notes in exposing both Charles ' enormous talents and foibles .
The music numbers are lively , the supporting cast solid , and the direction by Taylor Hackford is fully efficient .
It 's the kind of movie in which every song or musical breakthrough has a dramatic inspiration drawn from a real-life experience , designed to make us believe a life can be analyzed through its creative expressions and successes .
Foxx 's spectacular , eerily accurate performance as Charles makes what would have been a rather sketchy movie better .
Foxx gives one of the year 's best performances , and early talk about an Oscar nomination is entirely justified .
Hackford has made a film that -- like Charles ' music itself -- breaks your heart , makes it brim with joy and ultimately fills it with a deep belief in beauty and salvation .
It is not a great movie , suffering from the conundrum of being both too shallow and too long , but it is still an easy movie to recommend because of the experience it gives us .
The singer had a hit with ` Drown in My Own Tears , ' but he staunchly refused to do that all his life , and Ray honors his spirit .
Foxx is not at fault here -- with Ray , he arrives at the front ranks of American film actors -- but the filmmakers ' need to bend biography until it assumes triumphal shape is .
The movie would be worth seeing simply for the sound of the music and the sight of Jamie Foxx performing it . That it looks deeper and gives us a sense of the man himself is what makes it special .
It 's a credit to Foxx that his performance fast-tracks the film through its length of 152 minutes and nullifies Hackford 's hackery .
Jamie Foxx is positively Times-Square electric , the film however is more like a flickering energy-efficient 40 watt-bulb .
Reductive and simplistic , but whenever Foxx opens his mouth to sing and the voice of Ray Charles comes out , the film is a pleasure ...
Jamie Foxx masterfully assumes his role as the beloved American music pioneer . The line between Foxx and Ray Charles blurs to the point of being no line at all .
Jamie Foxx 's interpretation of Ray is astonishingly faithful to the man as most of us remember him . How could he not win the Oscar ? The music is terrific .
Wow . Foxx 's portrait of the man , the myth , the legend is nothing short of remarkable , a tour de force .
Ray collapses lore and desire into metaphorical , emotional , and narrative economy , occasioned by a groundbreaking song .
Ray makes a convincing case that Foxx may have the same level of acting chops that Charles had on the microphone and keyboard .
Foxx , at the center of the turbulence in the title role , turns in a remarkable , soulful performance . ... It might just have Oscar 's golden statuette tapping its toes .
Jamie Foxx will be one of this year 's hottest Oscar contenders for his charismatic portrayal of this pioneering musical genius .
-LSB- Foxx is -RSB- astonishing ... using his whole body ... to express himself eloquently ...
Great music , great stories , great performance .
Foxx completely disappears into the role , embodying the great man so much so that one instantly forgets it 's Foxx up there .
This is one of the great performances of the year . Foxx has the voice and mannerisms down pat .
Although this glittery film does n't really break any new ground , it 's still a nice tribute to a man who did .
But the movie belongs to Foxx , who should garner a best actor Academy Award nomination , if not the statue itself , for his astounding performance .
Ray does provide a sweet reminder of the power of Charles 's music , and if that 's all the film can really offer , that is n't such a bad deal after all .
Could n't we just watch a Behind-the-Music and get the same greatest hits package in 100-less minutes than another dry , maybe-worthy-for - movie-of-the-week - status , biopic ?
I have n't seen anything quite this mesmerizing since Daniel Day-Lewis in Gangs of New York .
The movie 's two greatest strengths are Foxx 's performance and Charles ' music ... but it never surmounts the biopic hurdles that separate stories from formulas .
Mr. Foxx 's performance captures each nuance of character . His portrayal is an exalting tribute to a flawed , fascinating musical icon .
If Ray fails to present a genuine portrait of a complex man 's essence , it does leave you with an even greater sense of awe for Charles ' accomplishments , both in his personal and public lives .
Regina King 's powerhouse performance as Marjorie ` Margie ' Hendricks of Ray 's backup group , The Raelettes , is a small classic .
To any poor soul who thinks Foxx was n't indispensable to this movie : Hit the road , Jack .
With a relatively small budget to recover , Oscar nominations and year-end critical accolades a strong possibility , and Ray Charles ' death this past June giving the film a special timeliness , it 's hard to see how it can miss being a major hit .
The massaging of reality is to be expected , but it 's what holds Ray back from being anything more than a standard entry in its genre .
Ray reveals Foxx for what he truly is : a gifted and immensely talented actor .
Its drama is often turgid , but its musical sequences are spectacular . And you could n't ask for a better soundtrack .
Making a movie about anyone 's life requires a director to make choices , and Hackford was n't trying for a painstaking re-creation . Instead , he chose to focus -- like Charles himself -- on the soul .
-LRB- Foxx -RRB- seems bent on actually channeling the spirit of Charles ... -LRB- and -RRB- good luck remaining firmly in your seat in the presence of a sensational soundtrack .
Ray turns out to be a proudly conventional film that combines an involving true story , irresistible music and a charismatic performance in a way that makes us not only forgive but actually almost relish how standard the presentation is .
Maybe it 's the hype but I 'm not feeling the love .
It 's a shame about Ray , because Foxx is trapped in a movie that takes the music icon 's unique story and turns it into cheesy , sentimental American Dream cliches .
Ray is a sprawling , and mostly triumphant , tribute to a man whose appetites often were as big as his voice .
Despite a plodding , mechanical approach to dramatizing his life , Ray occasionally hits peaks of energy and delight worthy of his finest songs .
I ca n't stop loving Jamie Foxx 's performance as the great , blind singer-songwriter . I know it sounds corny , but his gestures , singing style and physical presence are so uncanny .
It 's incredibly difficult to play an icon without simply imitating him , but Foxx does it .
Foxx is worth the price of admission .
It 's good that Hackford and company have allowed themselves to touch so many bases in Charles 's biography .
Taylor Hackford 's biography of Ray Charles is a potent and invigorating portrait of genius , thanks to Jamie Foxx 's performance and to the music of Ray Charles himself .
Both metaphysically and musically , Foxx reveals the secrets of Charles ' soul . He is the light of Ray .
Ray is a fit tribute to an entertainer who , no matter what hate or hardship threw in his way or how many mistakes he made , we ca n't stop loving .
Ray is indeed inspirational -LRB- how can such a life not be ? -RRB- , but it only occasionally moves beyond uplift and easy sentimentality .
`` Ray '' starts out well ... and then falls into the entrenched paths of just about every other overwrought , over-long musical biopic ever filmed .
It 's not all flattery , far from it . It 's true and raw .
A handsome mounting adds punch to what is otherwise a conventional biopic .
The Best Actor Oscar has its first claimant
Jamie Foxx 's inhabitance of Charles is a work of transformation that rockets beyond the weight gain , gender switching or beauty-trapping ugly makeup the Academy holds so dear .
Slick , oversized -LRB- at 153 minutes -RRB- , ostensibly warts-and-all but actually quite reverential , the movie is nonetheless quite enjoyable , thanks -LSB- to -RSB- ... Foxx 's galvanizing turn .
Despite its flaws , Ray is a compelling drama chock-full of some of the best performances of 2004 .
Amazing is n't a strong enough or descriptive enough word to convey the magnificence and mastery of Foxx 's performance , and he even lip-sychs better than Ashlee Simpson .
Foxx 's mannered performance fails to convey the complexities beneath Charles 's trademark twitches .
A movie with half the 150-minute running time could have done just as much unchaining .
A great performance does not make a biopic great ... a biopic needs to be like Ray Charles - departing from formula and daring to be different .
What works consistently and always in the film are the musical numbers , which are energetic and soulful , sung by the master himself .
Ray is the rare Hollywood biopic that does justice to the heroism , as well as the demons , of an American genius .
a greatest hits compilation that 's missing a few tunes
takes facts and mixes them with a healthy dose of poetic license to splendid effect -LSB- resulting in -RSB- a kaleidoscopic view of Charles ' rise from unimaginable poverty to fame
A disappointingly unoriginal and one-note biography of a man and his life that were anything but .
A beloved artist unwinds with a parade of women and the needle .
Ray is so reflexive that it often seems to be about the procedural mechanics of biopics .
Sluggish , conventional , and almost completely lacking in energy .
Worth seeing , mostly for its colorful period design and lively musical numbers , but this version of the `` official story '' takes some wrong turns .
Jamie Foxx gets so far inside the man and his music that he and Ray Charles seem to breathe as one .
It succeeds more often than it does n't , and thanks to a kinetic , mesmerizing performance by Jamie Foxx in the title role , the film has immediate accessibility to millions of Charles fans the world over .
This is an unflinching but deeply respectful look at one of the seminal musical artists of the 20th century .
It sings , and it swings .
Foxx is going to win the Oscar in a couple of months .
A rangy , straightforward and entirely engrossing biopic .















@highlight

An engrossing and energetic portrait of a great musician 's achievements and foibles , Ray is anchored by Jamie Foxx 's stunning performance as Ray Charles .