This movie is packed with so much glamour and carnage you wo n't believe it 's a documentary about one man .
Ainda que falhe em decifrar seu complexo protagonista , o documentário estabelece um intrigante retrato de um homem cujos princípios morais e ideológicos eventualmente se tornam tão flexíveis quanto o espectro alcançado por sua clientela .
At its best , the documentary shows us an unsavory character answering a bunch of softball questions and whose best logic is to play the Third World race card .
As riveting as it is dizzying , Schroeder 's documentary thriller takes a mesmerising ad hominem approach to twentieth century terror , offering up for our judgement an advocate whose views ought to be indefensible .
Though the film comes with a warning that it expresses only the point of view of its director , in reality , what Schroeder seems to offer is a portrait of a glib man who simply defies any conclusive description .
If Terror 's Advocate does n't precisely interrogate the rise of terrorism , it does look at its romance and consider its effectiveness .
Schroeder 's approach to this controversial figure is more plodding than it should be .
-LSB- I -RSB- ntriguing enough , if a bit dry . But then a flick that seemed newsy , almost wonky , turns riveting ...
If you want to see a who 's who in terror , just take a peek at this guy 's client list .
The movie functions crackingly well as a non-fiction international thriller .
Barbet Schroeder 's astonishing documentary is a glimpse into another world , and not one you would necessarily want to visit for too long .
The lawyer 's intense isolation , his solitary , perverse rage against the world , against France , against conventional opinion , is felt most deeply .
Schroeder 's film , which combines interviews with many of the key figures in Vergès ' career with grainy historical footage , lets its subject speak for itself but leaves little doubt of where the filmmaker stands .
While the man -LSB- Vergès -RSB- has a snappy aphorism for every question , he remains as imponderable and enigmatic as the Sphinx .
For just a moment , ignore politics . Consider Jacques Vergès simply as star . The radical French lawyer is an absolutely compelling figure onscreen : exotic , resolute , beguilingly smug .
Jacques Vergès makes for compelling documentary film fodder : He is arrogant , cosmopolitan , politically unpredictable and enmeshed in the roots of modern international terrorism .
A panorama of European radicalism .
A brilliant study in the link between moral corruption and narcissism .
It 's a movie that cries out for a good editor .
So loaded with information , the `` fog of war '' morphs into a more enveloping fog of politics and ethics .
An often gripping doc using never-before seen archival films about the self-assured , unrepentant Jacques Verges , who defended some of the most loathsome terrorists and political criminals in modern history .
Terror 's Advocate elucidates the character and defense mechanisms of a man much more complex and radical than the George Bushes of the world .
If nothing else , Terror 's Advocate offers a useful summary of the last half-century of global politics , and how changing public perceptions can make goats out of heroes .
Despite extensive interview footage with Vergès himself , Terror 's Advocate fails to crack its enigmatic subject matter .
A brilliantly shrewd and maddeningly elusive figure , controversial lawyer Jacques Vergès alternately fascinates and repulses in Barbet Schroeder 's gripping documentary .
Talk about a hard sell .
Jacques Vergès is such a compelling , complex and contradictory character that if he did n't exist someone would be obliged to invent him . It is the gift of Terror 's Advocate to simply present Vergès as is .
Packed with courtroom drama , mystery and international intrigue .
About halfway through ... the movie 's two-hour-plus running time begins to drag , as Shroeder 's narrative seems more and more a catalog of events .
Terror 's Advocate is one of the most engaging , morally unsettling political thrillers in quite some time , with the extra advantage of being true .
This fascinating documentary is sort of like a radical left-wing `` Where 's Waldo ? ''
Jacques Vergès had defended a lot of people , and it 's his Zelig-like journey through the politics of the postwar 20th century that is the contentious subject of Barbet Schroeder 's unwieldy , unforgettable film .
That -LSB- director -RSB- Schroeder does n't offer simple explanations gives his tale honesty and fascination .
The title Terror 's Advocate is both a statement of fact and a worrisome understatement in a documentary as slippery as its subject .
Engrossing .
Scarcely an exposé , Terror 's Advocate is more plainly a portrait of a man as a timeline .
Schroeder 's docu offers a chilly , poignant look at Verges , the controversial lawyer who has defended some of the world 's biggest political terrorists and war criminals ; it belongs in the same league of his other docus about monsters , like Idi Amin .
Sure to inspire debate in France and Germany and of obvious interest to anyone who follows the roots of modern international terrorism , doc probes gray areas in the colorful life of its controversial , limelight-courting subject .






@highlight

Terror 's Advocate is a fascinating portrayal of a controversial political figure ; both morally unsettling and emotionally gripping .