Michael Wranovics ' well-meant documentary about the absurd legal battle over the ownership of the baseball Barry Bonds hit for his season-record 73rd home run , back in 2001 , is instantly overshadowed by subsequent events .
Even if you did n't follow the story then , Wranovics tells it so wryly your interest never flags -- and there 's more suspense for newcomers , since the mystery and court verdict remain in doubt until the end .
Up for Grabs is n't just about a ball . It 's about America .
Up For Grabs , a buoyant documentary by Michael Wranovics , touches three bases of contemporary life : greed , litigiousness and a fixation with fame , however fleeting , that rises to the level of dementia .
Their greed provides an excellent opportunity to examine the law and a bizarre media circus .
It 's a terrific story -- part mystery , part farce , part legal nail-biter -- with a last-minute reversal so bitterly ironic it could have been scripted by Billy Wilder .
A crackerjack documentary .
This well-made documentary takes a seemingly small subject and uses it to illuminate the widening tears in the fabric of American society .
And Justice for Ball
inadvertently reveals more about the modern game than Ken Burns could in a nine part mini-series -LRB- and infinitely more entertaining -RRB-
A wry social commentary about contemporary life for those caught up in celebrity .
you ca n't help but get sucked into this powerful story
Wranovics tells his parable with a great sense of wit and a bit of bemusement .
In the annals of baseball history , their battle will remain a curious little footnote , but sometimes footnotes are more compelling than the main text .
Wranovics reveals the absurdity of it all without being preachy ; he even makes it hard to decide who the bigger weasel is .
This smartly assembled comedy articulates irritation with and bewilderment at its subject : the legal battle for possession of a baseball .
It 's an engaging story about how overwhelming greed can turn a silk purse into a sow 's ear .
The film keeps a straight face , letting the story 's hilarious triviality speak for itself , and neither of the litigants comes off that well , though Wranovics cleverly changes our opinions of both as the complicated tale goes on .
A wry and humorous documentary with fascinating -LRB- if not entirely likable -RRB- characters and a subtle moral about what happens when money makes grown-ups act like children .
A subversive little documentary about the intersection of greed and America 's national pastime .
Michael Wranovics wove a thrilling story out of the matchup with deft research , glowing humanity and inert humor .
It would be hard to find a more succinct and entertaining indictment of American popular culture and obsessive sports fans .
It definitely has entertainment value , providing of course that you 're able to find amusement in greed , duplicity and expensive litigation .
Hilarious , inventive documentary .
A mockumentary with real people .
The incredible story of Bonds ' 73rd home run ball and the frankly absurd events that ensued after the original fan catch .
If you ever thought professional athletes were too damn greedy , wait till you see the fans .
Up for Grabs may be the perfect sports doc for this me-first day and age .
A jovial commentary on the cult of celebrity in modern America and a wonderful metaphor for today 's crass commercialization of the sports industry .
Rather enjoyable .
A twisty little documentary about the aftermath of Bonds ' fat swing .
Even if you vaguely remember the outcome of this absurd episode , there are enough surprises and revelations to keep you on the edge of your seat .
A winning combination of humor and crafty filmmaking that cleverly masks the social commentary going on beneath .
If Wranovics is somewhat too noncommittal in his presentation , he still shows a great eye for detail .
The film spends a little too much time on the fates of previous home run balls in general .
Michael Wranovics ' documentary replays this sorry chapter in all-American greed in glorious detail .
Michael Wranovics ' highly enertaining documentary Up for Grabs is a wry , Rashomon-like tale .
The longer the case drags on , the more you may begin to wish that , somehow , both sides lose .
While the material is interesting , it 's not substantial enough to sustain a feature-length treatment .
Director Michael Wranovics does a deft job of keeping things moving , eccentric and nutty : After all , where else , and under what other circumstances , could someone say ` he caught it ' about Popov in a singles bar and have women flock around him ?
Popov himself emerges as the story 's villain , a schmuck with the personality of a TV anchorman and the common sense of Troy Duffy .
The tone is best captured by one Bay Area sportswriter 's wry comment that catching a valuable home run ball is ` sort of like winning the lottery except you feel like you earned it . '
Captures the excitement of the game as well as the intimate drama -- and comedy -- of the human conflict .
Even if you know how this ends , this story will keep you in its grips .
With complex lead characters , an endless supporting cast and focus on an inanimate object that draws out the weakness in men , the movie has more in common with the Lord of the Rings trilogies than anything from the camera of Ken Burns .
A sly curve ball of a documentary best described as a sports-themed Rashomon with an O. Henry twist .
Michael Wranovics has crafted an addictively engrossing documentary about the lengths some members of society will go to claim their piece of the pie .
Sometimes the most fascinating stories come from the most trivial of places , and this lesson is perpetually evident throughout the addictively entertaining Up For Grabs

@highlight

You do n't have to be a baseball fan to be entertained by the absurdities , obsessions , and greed on display in this documentary .