Frankly , given how clichéd and predictable the resolutions to every mystery thrown up by David Turpin 's script for The Lodgers are , it 's something of a miracle Brian O'Malley ever procured the budget to shoot it .
Brian O'Malley 's The Lodgers may not be flat-out scary , but it gets points for its Gothic atmosphere and for its patient , careful approach to a pretty good story .
While the intent of the fearsome creatures is a little on-the-nose , the atmosphere created is creepy enough to get deep under your skin .
The film skilfully plays with its mysteries , adding one freak-out to the next .
Rachel is a terrifically haughty character , played with passion and range by Vega . In fact the performances are all strong .
Overall , while the film 's narrative does let it down in some places , feeling a bit simplified , this is made up for by its stunning visual style , gothic-drenched atmosphere and strong acting by the two leads .
There are unmistakable shadows of The Turn of the Screw in Brian O'Malley 's modestly successful ghost story .
As is so often the case with horrors , The Lodgers comes unstuck a little late on , but it 's a handsome film , full of good ideas .
The moments of terror happen so fast and suddenly , there is never much of a chance for the movie to build any sustained dread .
The Lodgers is low-key Gothic horror , less invested in jump scares than in its own moodiness .
The Lodgers looks superb with Co Wexford 's Loftus Hall - ` the most haunted house in Ireland ' - more than ready for its close-up . If you take your coat off chances are you 'll be putting it on again as the temperature drops .
The Lodgers ' ominous tone is handled masterfully , and the house itself is incredibly spooky , but the story takes far too long to tell what little there is to it . It 's a shame .
It seems that The Lodgers never quite meets its potential . This is the kind of film that has been done before , better , but that I believe keeps us optimistic for the future of those involved .
seeps with oppressive , mouldy atmosphere , and with the sense that adulthood 's inexorable approach will bring eternal horror for this young duo , as the cycles of familial abuse rise like damp to infect each new generation with its own monstrousness .
The Lodgers , for all of its splendor , ca n't seem to rise above surface references to far more effective pieces like The Others or The Orphanage . We really do get a visual and aural feast . But it was n't original enough to make me forget what influenced it .
Cursed twins who speak in faux-byronic enigmas , a crumbling manse full of dead birds and velvet drapes , and strained psychosexual nonsense . There 's nothing eerie here , just the puerile and misjudged .
Some lush period imagery and expressive performances by the young leads ca n't compensate for a gloomy and pretentious screenplay that lacks sufficient narrative momentum to generate emotional investment
The lugubrious tone , studded with murky references to Edgar Allen Poe and shaded with forbidden sexual longing , may strike some as a little tiresome . But the set design is amazing .
The Lodgers disappoints on a number of levels , many of which have more to do with the limitations of its creators ' imagination than the apparently minuscule budget .
For viewers who take it more as a moody , metaphorical historical drama than as an out-and-out horror film , there 's a lot in this lush-looking , sensitively acted picture to recommend .
Has enough style to hold the audience 's interest for most of its running time , along with strong performances from stars Charlotte Vega and Bill Milner .
For all the genre exertions , none of this feels the least bit spooky , including the digital ghouls that float in and the cobwebs that look as if they originated in a spray can .
The underwhelming mystery at its center damns The Lodgers to mediocrity .
Ends up feeling only like a bland and bloodless Crimson Peak , somewhat slight and wholly unsatisfactory .
Enough macabre interests to maintain an absorbing sit , but to reach a point of actual momentum , one must accept O'Malley 's overly cautious handling of the feature 's fright factor .
The film 's obsession with the concepts of family and fate cause it to leave unexplored some other interesting themes , like the encroachment of the 20th century on the European aristocratic class .
One of the better Gothic films of recent years , The Lodgers blends beauty and creepiness sublimely . It will delight genre fans and deliver pleasing chills to others .
Director Brian O'Malley -LRB- Let Us Prey -RRB- matches his setting with suitable sound effects and a properly creepy finale .
`` The Lodgers '' is never particularly scary , or even logical , but it 's always gorgeous to look at ; you can see where it 's going , but you might not mind watching it go there .
Smart , scary , and undeniably beautiful , it will no doubt be considered one of the pinnacles of its genre .
Things creak in The Lodgers , a painfully genteel Irish horror movie haunted by the spirits of superior ghost stories .
Pretentious and pointless ...
A near-miss for this hardcore horror and Gothic thriller fan . It tries to get underneath , but remains skin-deep .
As a ripe chunk of pure baroque atmosphere , this lushly staged costume chiller is a fragrant beauty indeed .
The Lodgers is an almost pornographically Gothic movie . If you adore this sort of stuff -- and I most certainly do -- you 'll eat every inch of it .
The Lodgers reveals itself to be a beautiful gothic horror with a captivating truth mishandled in a desire to surprise more than resonate .
Finely attuned filmmaking .

@highlight

Like many real-life long-term visitors , The Lodgers starts out with a modicum of mystery and excitement , but eventually overstays its welcome .