... the movie was truly gratifying and fed our SATC appetite , at least until the sequel coming up -LRB- ca n't wait ! -RRB- .
The ladies settle into the doldrums of marriage and their antics are reduced to a detached series of scenes that involve sulking , yearning or just plain indulging .
Ultimately , it 's this streak of realism that prevents Sex And The City from becoming just another fluffy New York fairytale .
As amigas de Sex and the City estão entre as criaturas da ficção mais repulsivas que já conheci : fúteis , estúpidas , egoístas e entediantes . Além disso , isto não é um filme , é um catálogo .
Ono sto je u tridesetominutnoj epizodi moglo proći kao vrckavi drustveni komentar u dva i pol sata se pretvorilo u praznu ljusturu .
... ` Yes , ' she said . ` It 's Star Trek for women . ' ...
The movie Sex and the City is a heady female fantasy -- I think . I tried to snuggle up to Sex and the City , but the attempt to snuggle for two hours and 20 minutes is in itself a fantasy . Like many typical men , I 'm afraid I fell asleep .
The behemoth 145-minute running time for this lightweight romantic comedy is unforgivable , and that 's only the first of this movie 's problems .
Reliving the fantasy lush life .
I went in rooting for SATC with everything I had , and it left me a bit disappointed .
Would n't it be redundant to describe the self-indulgent big-screen adaptation as similarly vapid , pointless , and poorly acted as the popular HBO show upon which it is based ?
Cinerina invites her first guest reviewer , Melanie Treco . See full review for details .
What does that say when a self-admitted narcissist receives such a following ? In playing the victim card so often , Sarah Jessica Parker 's character is one of the most unlikable characters I 've seen in a long time .
Was this bonbon to the show 's fans , four years after the `` happily ever after '' series finale , really necessary ?
Plays like nothing more than a marathon viewing of an entire seventh season that should have never been made .
To its credit , though , the movie turns Carrie 's value system , which equates `` the two Ls -- Labels and Love , '' to its advantage , and in the second half the movie achieves a nice balance between comedy and drama .
It 's too bad that the false sense of high heel empowerment never registers as soundly as our resident money-styling maidens look to achieve in this beleaguered City .
Sex and the City is not a painful experience for men -LRB- or even guys -RRB- , just a predictable one ...
Somewhere along the line , the movie version of Sex and the City got too much Botox injected into the script , and all the life was ironed out of it .
It 's nice to see these women again , because they are all rich and complex characters , but it 's basically a sentimental exercise , designed for maximum cash flow before the idea is retired .
I spent most of the film 's 148 minutes just wanting to slap these women because I grew weary of their whining .
The film is raw , sentimental and outrageously materialistic - just as a true fan would hope and expect it would be .
While he 's let the movie run to excessive length , the well-practiced Parker King -LRB- throwing in more brand names than you will find in a Myers catalogue -RRB- knows what his target audience wanted from this reunion .
I had to wonder what happened to the qualities that made the show famous : the outrageous dialogue , the sense of female camaraderie , the embrace of casual sex as a guiltless pleasure .
The pacing barely ever breaks out of a light plod . And the writing is very , very average .
This movie has generated record excitement in just about every woman of my acquaintance .
When it neglects the fizz in favour of the grit -LRB- or at least the kind of grit acceptable for Sex And The City -RRB- , this femme phenomenon hits the spot .
Here is an unashamed celebration of materialist values , an orgy of labels , brands and product placements as sinful , by implication , as the behaviour of the characters .
I love Sarah Jessica Parker ... Carrie and Mr. Big are definitely the best things about this film . But , at 2.5 hours long , there 's just not enough good stuff to put this one over the top . I hate the sound of Kim Cattrall speaking , so that did n't help .
... a gay camp parody of the way fabulous heterosexual women court affection
Sarah Jessica Parker 's complex dance with love , marriage and Mr. Big provides the biggest notes in a symphony of wailing womanhood .
As the movie drifts into its third hour , you start to feel that it 's not joy that 's keeping you in the theater . It 's duty .
As for the fanboys , they really should do something more beneficial to humankind than attacking female-centric films every chance they get -- ever hear of that proverbial long walk off a short pier ?
I 'm just not that into it .
Sex and the City never feels like a cash-in . Instead , it plays more like a labor of love for everyone involved .
Shock hit me several times while watching the movie , and never in a good way .
the pithy premise becomes just so much sub-par chick-lit
That neurotic clotheshorse and her somewhat liberated lusty ladies in waiting , steal the small screen show in their big screen debut , despite wearing their SATC sentimental and bubble-headed surface appeal like a badge of honor .
I will be up front about this . The movie was not made for me , so I found it pretty insignificant . But it 's also quite painless .
The movie contains story lines strong enough to entertain both men and women
This celebration with Carrie & Co. -- very much television writ large -- seems precisely the Sex and the City reunion the show 's fans had hoped for .
All we 're left with is a movie that reminds us how good its source material once was and serves as a warning to anyone considering bringing a series to the big screen .
I walked into the theatre hoping for a nice evening and came out as a hard-line Marxist , my head a whirl of closets , delusions , and blunt-clawed cattiness . All the film lacks is a subtitle : The Lying , the Bitch , and the Wardrobe .
Why get the band back together if you 're not going to add some new songs to the greatest hits ?
... after two and a half hours with these ladies , I 've decided that I like them .
Though graced with far more sitcom laughs than real wit , the glorified soap opera is entertaining enough to be worth your while .
An estrogen-fueled salute to the virtues of excess , if that 's your Gucci bag .
To its voracious universe of cult-following fans , it feels like a TV marathon that spans an entire season . To everyone else who bats an indifferent eye , all the glam and glitz has something even for you to learn , too .
As someone who failed to appreciate the ` Sex and the City ' TV series , I 'm surprised at how much I enjoyed this movie celebration of friendship .
... a deeply satisfying wrap-up to a series that always had , in its heart of hearts , a lot more depth than the Manolo Blahniks it dressed itself up in .
It 's nice to see the girls again , but this `` City '' seems oddly smaller than it did when it ran on HBO . In the end , a more accurate title would have been `` Strife in the City . '' These women , after all , are n't having much sex .
While most guys might opt for something more down to earth like Jackpot Bowling , I liked Sex and the City .
What do `` Sex and the City , '' ABC 's `` The View , '' and Fox News Channel 's `` The O'Reilly Factor '' have in common ? Give up ? They are full of babbling , only occasionally coherent , women .
Neither a classic for all time nor a -LSB- disaster -RSB- , Sex and the City is the very definition of a decent summer blockbuster -- entertaining and entirely disposable .
an honest and consistent continuation of the show
There is a strange correlation between Carrie 's hair color and the quality of the movie . When she dyes it brown , it reminds you no one should have asked what brown can do for her .
The big screen is n't the ideal environment for the show .
Yes , it 's unnecessary , but the joy of Sex and the City is that it is eminently entertaining and fun .
I felt like some sort of alien anthropologist watching this movie ... I do n't see myself or the women that I know in them . Not at all . Not in the tiniest degree .
The reunion is fun and predictably fabulous but the movie eventually totters on its expensive Manolo Blahnik 's , trying to stay upright for too long , gorging on too much of a good thing . Fun and frothy as it is , fleet of foot it 's not .
Certainly series devotees will find the return of the four ladies to be gift from Blahnik heaven , but the uninitiated would be best advised to bring along a cyanide pill to end this horror show quickly and painlessly .
... feels like watching an entire season of shoe love , true love and everything in between -- all crammed into one loooooooooong sitting .
Learning and hugging . There 's lots of that here â '' woman to woman and man to woman â '' which satisfies the movie 's fantasy fulfillment of both amity and eros .
It 's just that there 's been an altitude adjustment -- fewer stilettos , more flats . Ask what women want of a chick flick and one answer may be this -- a pleasant reunion with cherished friends . Ask what women deserve and the answer is better .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s the fashion Olympics . Think of it that way , and whatâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s not to like ?
Fans weaned on the stale , TBS version of the show will probably love it . Anyone expecting something remotely fresh is advised to look elsewhere .
For those who 'd like some substance in a movie pushing 2 1/2 hours , though , it 's gratifying to report that this Sex is more than just a fan dance .
It did about as much as I could hope for . It gives all four of its main characters plenty to do , it pays tribute to what 's best about the series and it gives us another chance to spend time with people we thought we might never see again .
The show was at its best when it offered , without a great deal of extraneous examination , these glimpses into the nature of friendships between women . The movie needs more of that .
Opt for the much better -LRB- and much shorter -RRB- version made in 1959 starring Hope Lange , Diane Baker , Suzy Parker and Joan Crawford .
A girl can never have too many outfits , but a film can have too many scenes .
We 'll continue to experience befuddlement verging on disgust whenever we 're reminded of Sex and the City -LRB- so named , we suppose , because Seriously Rethinking Third-Wave Feminism reads like ass on a poster -RRB- .
If you 're a fan of the series , SATC will feel like a warm bath and a favorite meal with old friends . If you 're not a fan , why in the name of Manolo Blahnik have you read this far ?
An absurd joke .
They 're all over 40 now , and writer/director Michael Patrick King deftly balances their hard-won wisdom with the wistful dreams they still share . At the same time , there 's plenty of fun to be had .
More disappointment than joyful reunion , a tedious and desperately drawn-out affair that tests your patience even as it brazenly courts -LRB- and often earns -RRB- your contempt .
For presold audiences only .
SATC offers well-developed characters , smart dialogue , interesting plots and sub-plots , and a ton of heart .
A vision of which does n't require its characters being frozen in amber after a fairy tale ending and allows life to go on , happily and unconventionally .
Flabby , unfocused reunion in which the emotional content is drowned out by the incessant pursuit and plugging of designer shoes , gowns and handbags .
Sex and the City ca n't live up to the HBO series , but simply having the foursome together again will be more than enough for hardcore fans .
It is overly heavy -- at least an hour-and-a-half of its two-and-a-half-hour running time is spent with its heroine in abject heartbreak and depression , and that 's when her friends are n't experiencing same .
The film is by no means a masterpiece , but it 's a worthy exercise in indulgence that wo n't disappoint the cosmo-swilling core audience . And fans wo n't need to swill any cosmos to enjoy it .
If Sex and the City is a hit , it will be partly because it 's an enjoyable and somewhat true depiction of female friendship . But grown women will also go to see it because , finally , someone made a movie for them .
There were a lot of very funny moments in this film . I almost cried .
Is n't it encouraging to see that a big summer flick can be tethered to something other than a sweaty male action hero ?
As gender-segregated experiences go , SATC is preferable to , say , that idiotic beefcake epic 300 . The amusing thing about SATC is that it objectifies men in much the same way that most male-oriented movies objectify women .
Since it clocks in at almost 2 1/2 hours , you may think , sight unseen , that the movie version of the HBO smash Sex and the City is guilty of wretched excess . Pathetic excess is more like it .
Writer/director Michael Patrick King 's first attempt to slip into full-length features from television wears heavily , resulting in as poor a fit as Carrie sporting coveralls and clogs .
... so unexpectedly excellent .
You would n't spend valuable real-life time hanging out with self-absorbed idiots like this , so why on Earth would you watch a TV show -LRB- or a movie -RRB- about them ?
Bottom line the movie fails Movie Plot 101 by trying too hard . Too hard to appease its fans , too hard to color within the lines and too hard to prove that love conquers all .
It 's a pity that King did n't take more of a chance with his fanatically devoted audience and give them something they may not have quite expected or even really wanted .
New York is fabulous , the clothes are fabulous and the shoes are beyond fabulous -- what more can a ` Sex and the City ' devotee ask for ? A sequel ?
There are flashes of graphic nudity and the usual salty language . But we fans would n't have it any other way .
Sex and the City , the movie , feels like a glorified television episode in the best possible sense - utterly unchanged in spirit from its small screen roots yet just ambitious enough to validate its big screen adaptation .
... it 's like being trapped in a dentist 's office with nothing to read but an old issue of Vogue .
There is something depressingly stunted about this movie ; something desperate too .
I hate , loathe and despise -- sorry to mince my words -- the movie based on the TV show .
A lot different from , say , watching several SATC episodes on DVD in succession as if gobbling fudge brownies . That may be OK for the living room , but in a multiplex , you just want things to move along already .
The fans will -LRB- designer -RRB- label `` Sex and the City '' a hit this weekend .
In short , Sex and the City the movie is everything Sex and the City the show ever was , as rambling and superficial as it is cunning and loveable .
The only empathy I felt was for the poor men that had to put up with these ridiculous girls .
143 minutes of unbearably shallow characters , numerous extraneous plot threads in lieu of a central storyline and more product placements than in the `` Cannonball Run '' saga entire .
Having the story of Cinderella play a significant role in the feature introduces the deadpan irony that this version is told through the eyes of the stepsisters like a big screen version of Wicked only without the happy ending .
I guess I can be most useful to this weekend 's potential drag-alongs : it 's not excruciating . I was never more than mildly annoyed .
It 's like playing Barbies for grown-ups .
ridiculous and regressive .
The fact of the matter is that this review does n't matter .
Girly ? Yes , but I liked it too .
Sex , even when it 's not great , is still good .
It may have been four years since the HBO television series Sex and the City halted production of original episodes , but the characters and material are still not ready for their big-screen close-up .
The movie 's initially brisk pacing slackens when the girls spend a holiday in Mexico that 's long enough for them to cycle through an entire resort-wear collection .
Loaded with obvious product placement , the film should be called ` Sex and the City : The Catalog ' instead of ` Sex and the City : The Movie . '
Ultimately , Sex And The City serves as a glitter-laced love letter to its fans , which is really all it needs to be .
Sex and the City , which feels like a behind-numbing six episodes strung clumsily together , could be much fun in the hands of a veteran director .
In both its TV and movie incarnations , the empty materialism and sincere longing for love always manage to cancel each other out , leaving behind nothing but what this started out as -- a sitcom .
In this film , the clothes and the city are characters as vital as the four leads , and they do n't disappoint .
Just as fun , sexy , and label heavy as the series .
The movie , scripted and directed by series veteran Michael Patrick King , caters to viewers nostalgic for the Emmy-winning show while pushing forward into feature film territory .
What was slyly titillating in half-hour segments becomes silly , superficial and overwhemingly materialistic when stretched to nearly 2 1/2 hours . Bigger does n't always mean better .
I know this was made for the fans , but geez , was there no attempt to make it a good film ?
time ticks by easily like a lazy TV marathon , a humbler achievement than demanded by a diva flick that 's as self-congratulatory as Indy across the multiplex
Even fans may find themselves wondering when this very long episode will end .
It was like attending a party where all the guests have known each other for years , exert no effort to make a newcomer feel at home and chatter endlessly -- yes , for two-and-a-half draggy hours -- about their romantic problems .
Frothy as a Margarita and just as salty , Sex and the City all but mambos its way onto the screen .
I am not the person to review this movie . Perhaps you will enjoy a review from someone who disqualifies himself at the outset , does n't much like most of the characters and is bored by their bubble-brained conversations .
It 's not a fashion romp . It has a strong emotional texture . The SATC women are still making bad choices .
Movin ' on up to the movie big time means Sex and the City can no longer be accepted as just a cable-TV party game . It has to compete with the big girls , Hollywood 's classic representations of female beauty , desire and strength . And it does n't .
Sex and The City : The Movie is riddled with clichés but the film works on a level that is smart , funny and just downright crude . Kim Cattrall , as Samantha , is the perfect balance to the series and the film .
If it all feels a mite perfunctory , a mite trite and a little dated -LRB- the girls have n't heard of the New Frugality ? -RRB- , Sex and the City still manages to be a hymn to hotness , hipness and haute couture , one its fans can happily sing along with .
After staggering around a bit at the beginning it settles down and finds its groove . It 's appropriately flashy , nicely naughty and wholly improbable , just as it 's supposed to be .
Fans rejoice : It 's good . And smart . And funny .
Judged by the standards of its original medium , the movie version succeeds just as well , cramming what used to take a whole season into a nearly 2 1/2 - hour marathon of men , misery and Manolos .
Sex and the City : The Movie is no great shakes as a movie , but it does n't have to be . What it does have to be is a happy revisit to a land its fans know well , and on that level it works very well .
The movie is just like a half-season of the series -- a funny , sappy , clumsy , crude , rambunctious , argumentative , gleefully vulgar attempt to balance the fantasy of romance with the reality that the fantasy is impossible .
A big , sloppy , gooey sundae of a film that is , for better or for worse , just like the show ... only longer .
In its cinematic incarnation , Sex and the City has lost none of its bawdiness yet gained a more profound sense of soberness .
From the running time to the plot development for each character , which grows to beating-a-dead-horse lengths in at least a couple of cases , the whole thing would have been better served by holding back a little .
King fails to grasp what he once understood : When times are hard , you do n't cry poverty . You step on the gas and give the audience a show .
At almost two-and-a-half hours , the movie moves like molasses , filled with so much pointless exposition and meandering montages signifying nothing I kind of wanted to pull my hair out and scream .
One of the movie 's endearing qualities is its aversion to happily ever afters . In a way , it plays like the epilogue to your standard Hollywood romantic comedy .
If you do n't love to watch fashion shows and Vogue photoshoots and designer wedding planning , `` Sex and the City '' and its consumer-driven fantasy world may elicit little more than yawns .
King 's attempt at `` racial balance '' pathetically backfires but at least proves useful in putting the show 's inherently materialistic and supremacist ethos into sharper focus .
Hudson comes through so that you may remember her even when the popcorn is gone . If only the film itself did as well .
Essentially there are four complete rom-coms here , which will delight series fans . And probably no one else .
Enjoyable big-screen sequel to the much-loved TV show that wo n't disappoint fans , thanks to strong performances and a script that is both moving and laugh-out-loud funny .
Sex and the City : The Movie , / i > is the cherry on top of the series , and a fitting way to say a final good-bye to Carrie , Miranda , Samantha , Charlotte , and all their men .
Carrie and Company Deliver the Same Old Song and Dance
Fans of Sex and the City will love the movie version .
King whips up enough quips and emotional moments to treat the faithful to a sort of moviegoing spa .
For those who do not consider themselves to be among the Sex and the City faithful , this is a painful experience , perhaps the longest 148 minutes likely to be spent in a movie theater this year . Watching grass grow is more dramatically satisfying .
Devotees of the HBO series will probably flock to the movie ... but anybody who 's not already a fan is going to have difficulty understanding what all the fuss is about .
Amid the style , sass and sexiness is plenty of sentimentality , especially at the satisfying conclusion .
Beyond the shoes , the cosmopolitans and the disloyal men , Sex and the City has always been about the bond among women . At its best , the movie shows why that bond sticks .
If you loved Sex as a TV show , you 'll want to check out the film because it 's like attending a class reunion . It 's a chance to catch up with people who meant a lot to us .
Witty , effervescent and unexpectedly thoughtful , the big-screen iteration of the HBO series stands up beautifully -LRB- and somewhat miraculously -RRB- to the twin pressures of popular expectation and critical assessment .
A movie that taps directly back into the show 's primal appeal , which is the sweet , sad , saucy delight of sharing these women 's company .
The four lead actresses are better than ever ... costume designer Patricia Field , the ` fifth Beatle ' as it were , has outdone herself .
It 's all really soapy , though , with only some smidgens of substance .
This movie provides no good reasons to revisit Sex and the City , except to fulfill fans ' desires for one more for the road and add millions to Time Warner 's coffers . Be careful what you wish for .
Yes , you will enjoy Sex and the City -- probably more so if you call things ` fabulous ' and have more pairs of shoes than you have fingers .
fans will be thrilled to catch up with the gals . Non-fans will probably be a bit confused and wonder what all the fuss was about .
Bottom line : a provocative , groundbreaking TV series that worked in 30-minute segments has been bloated and padded into nearly two and a half hours of tedium and gratuitous product placement for everything from Vuitton to a new Mercedes-Benz GLK .
It has more than enough sass , style and sentiment to keep the faithful satisfied . Add a star if you 're a fan .
Sex and the City : The Motion Picture -LRB- not the actual title -RRB- is a joyful wallow . And it 's more : In this summer of do-overs -LRB- The Incredible Hulk , a new Batman versus a new Joker -RRB- , it 's what the series finale should have been .
... as comfortable and as decadent as sitting on the sofa with a big bowl of chocolate chip cookie dough .
Wo n't be redefining cinema as we know it , nor does it ever fully justify its existence as a feature film , but if you 're a fan of the show , you probably wo n't care .
Sarah Jessica Parker is the pivot for this fabulous , fun frolic in which laughter and tears are shared through thick and thin , but always with glamour and style .
Some will be disappointed that it was n't more adventurous . Some will love it because it is familiar . Some will wonder why all their friends are watching this crap .
Will give female audiences a jolt of excitement in the same way that seeing Indiana Jones back in action will thrill male audiences this summer .
The end product is a case of bigger not necessarily being better .
One thing 's for sure : fans of the series will lap this film up .
Yes , it 's good to see the Fab Four together again -- you just wish they were in a funnier and wittier film than this indulgent and essentially middlebrow saga that feels like six TV episodes glued together , with a running time of two and a half hours !
For a series so steeped in romance , the eagerly awaited Sex and the City movie feels a trifle half-hearted .


@highlight

Sex and the City loses steam in the transition to the big screen , but will still thrill fans of the show .