Georges Franju 's 1960 classic horror Eyes Without a Face is an obvious touchstone but the new film is more ridiculous than horrific .
In Almodovar 's world , the flesh is deception , the comedy dark , the sex weird and the tears real ; this time , however , the director just was n't able to pull off all of these elements .
`` The Skin I Live In '' fails because it does n't have a moral or anything else to say in spite of its self-seriousness .
Almodóvar has a body of work as rigorously personal as any out there , and , even with its flaws , he wears this latest Skin rather well .
Despite the typically invigorating sense of line and framing , The Skin I Live In withholds the director 's customary satisfactions and affirmations . The result is a saga of obsession that , in its saturnine undertone , maintains a hard-to-enjoy integrity .
This is a lush , deeply pleasurable film to experience on a sensory level ; Almodovar could n't produce a boring frame if he left the lens cap on .
Pedro Almodovar 's The Skin I Live In , a terrific , twisty thriller that is one of the filmmaker 's best and one of the year 's best films .
It 's as disquieting as it is unsatisfying , a slog through gender issues , surgery and violence - sexual and otherwise .
A movie puzzle that confounds and then unnerves with an impact as shocking as any of the most infamous of cinema last-reel shockers
I was agonising over every twist and turn . I was shuffling in my seat . I was feeling physical reactions to the scenes and quite simply I was impressed with Banderas ' strikingly nuanced performance under the incredible direction of Almodóvar .
Leave it to Pedro Almodovar to figure a uniquely twisted way to unsettle .
With a deliberately preposterous storyline involving burning bodies , evil brothers , rape , suicide , revenge , sexual identity and medical procedure , this is darkly comic arthouse soap - with a tinge of horror - and definitely an acquired taste .
High-art pulp : brazenly kitschy , elegantly creepy , patently ludicrous .
There are two iron wills in this movie . What 's shocking is the lengths that each character goes to . A seriously campy tone almost undercuts the seriousness of the story , and it has its fair share of uncomfortable and shocking laughs .
With The Skin I Live In , Almodovar adopts a playfully wicked attitude , similar to the one James Whale used on Bride of Frankenstein .
Although snubbed by the Oscar machine , `` The Skin I Live In '' is a solid drama-thriller that offers the best contemporary take on the Frankenstein tale that I 've seen in a long while .
Almodóvar returns to his horror roots
Not since David Cronenberg have surgery , sex and violence frolicked in the same stained bed so skillfully .
Almodovar has delivered another transformative work that finds his queer sensibility in high , thrilling gear .
This is a horror story only Almodovar could conjure . It 's filled with his style of melodrama and love for the disenfranchised , not to mention a seedy undercurrent that is sure to turn off some . A film for strong minds and sturdy hearts .
Combines enough that 's genre-friendly and accessible with the trademark style of a truly unique and `` artsy '' filmmaker .
The Skin I Live In certainly puts the ! in ALMODOVAR ! The Spanish auteur 's latest film is particularly melodramatic , bizarre , and visually sumptuous , even by his already heightened standards .
A mix of creepy horror and seductive melodrama , The Skin I Live In reveals its secrets gradually .
I do n't want to give too much away but this unsettling tale is told so beautifully , so precisely .
Almodóvar plugs us into a whirlpool of emotional constructs which turbo charge the story
Bizarre , shocking , sexy and dark , this is Almodóvar at his brilliant melodramatic best
`` Skin '' does n't cut as deep as Almodovar 's best films , and the ending borders on generic melodrama . But as an elegantly nasty genre exercise , it raises goose bumps on your own skin .
What 's missing here is Almodovar 's most distinguishing characteristic : compassion .
When it 's all said and done , there 's no real call for any emotional investment on the part of Almodovar 's audience .
Even a second level Almodovar is better than most other people .
It 's not one of Almodovar 's more emotionally involving films , it 's actually quite chillingly cold but Antonio Banderas is just fabulous as the Frankenstein character and Elena Anaya is exquisite as his creation .
Pedro Almodovar 's latest outrage against propriety is a body horror comedy , a sort of mash-up of the work of David Cronenberg and The Rocky Horror Picture Show
Gran parte de la película se pasa entre la incredulidad , la indiferencia y el ridículo , pero Almodóvar es ante todo Almodóvar , con todos sus excesos , sus delirios y también sus aspectos originales -LRB- ... -RRB-
It will almost certainly be in the top two or three on my ` best of 2011 ' list , and it 's a film I ca n't wait to see again .
A wonderfully twisted cinematic expedition into territory rarely traveled .
Few filmmakers are more assured or alluring , even when we fear we 're following a monster .
Skin satisfies even next to -LSB- Almodóvar 's -RSB- masterpieces ... In the latter films he uses sensationalism to arrive at meditations on passion and humanity 's search for it . Yet , his films that approach the territory are always a delight .
o Almodóvar apofasise oti an aplws kanei allh mia epideiksh eksairetikoy sthsimatos kai xrwmatismatos ths alloprosallhs paletas toy , xrhsimopoiwntas ton thrileriko aksona toy biblioy , tha ebgaze allh mia xronia stis Kanes
It says something for Almodovar 's skill as a filmmaker that he can still jolt viewers after three and a half decades in the business .
It 's the journey itself that provides the unexpected , often queasy twists and turns . Let 's just say that the recent Shrek spinoff is n't the only Antonio Banderas film that could have been released with the title Puss in Boots .
A shocking , stunning , hyper-stylized interlude - designed to make you shudder .
There are few filmmakers -- David Lynch comes to mind , Woody Allen -- who have a completely unique way of imprinting a film . Nobody but Pedro Almodóvar could have made The Skin I Live In . And that 's high compliment .
Not even DePalma , at his sleaziest , or Hitchcock , at his most sexually frustrated , dared to be so unabashedly ugly .
It 's like an art-house ` Human Centipede . ' While it hints at some interesting ideas , it just comes down to a crazy doctor .
This bizarre and disturbing drama has all the Almodovar touches .
An elaborate puzzle box of a film that continuously confounds expectations in the grandest of ways .
works in its own right as a semi-campy gloss on mad scientists , the horrors of medical experimentation , and our own conflicted relationships with the bodies we call home
Almodóvar 's films regularly deal with sexuality and identity , which he uses here to strip bare the relationship between mentor and muse , oppressor and victim , and creation and destruction .
Banderas still looks great in a suit , and Almodóvar is still a masterful artist concerned with sex , art and exotic Brazilians .
... the elegance of Almodóvar 's design is the movie 's main pleasure ...
Unusually perverse even by Almodovar standards . Fascinating dissection of the moral identity .
The frequent disorientation makes things drag ; it 's hard to get a sense of the movie 's pace when you 're unsure how all these miscellaneous pieces fit together , or even whether they do .
It 's a disciplined voyage into madness , perhaps not Almodovar 's most triumphant piece of work , but a film that most certainly needs to be seen to be believed .
These are questions one is left with -- and that 's not an entirely satisfying feeling . Yet it 's hard not to be drawn into the story , and even more , into the gorgeous storytelling .
Despite its scalpel-like precision , pic falls short of its titular promise , never quite getting under the skin as it should .
Only someone as talented as Almodóvar could have mixed such elements without blowing up an entire movie .
Pedro Almodóvar wows with the meticulous visual design of his films , but sometimes his narrative architecture is every bit as dazzling .
Once again , Almodóvar proves a graceful stylist and poised provocateur with a streak of sexual daring and potent gifts for melodrama , comedy and pathos .
The story has so many twists and turns it 's practically writhing , and I 'm reluctant to reveal much of it ; the movie 's power depends on its shock value , and Almodóvar does , indeed , know how to shock .
This film , by turns macabre , melodramatic , and gothic , makes the heart race and the skin crawl .
By the end of the movie , when all your questions have been answered , you 're left with the exhilarating high of having been manipulated by a gifted artist in a diabolically dark mood .
Banderas has some hair-raising scenes with Anaya as his in-house patient/muse .
As beautifully shot as it is perversely scripted , and you 're likely to love it or hate it but not feel indifferently .
The Skin I Live In feels like the culmination of a process , and perhaps the beginning of something new .
An exquisite little puzzle-box gem of clinically constructed perversity .
Even if the end result is a movie that feels surprisingly conventional , given the demented turns it takes , it 's still a real pleasure getting to the end .
Polymorphously perverse ` Skin ' nearly flawless .
Though beautiful to look at and graced with moments of ticklish camp , The Skin I Live In is also sluggish , arbitrarily conceived and , especially in its sagging middle , unaccountably dull .
Transgressive beyond anything the iconic Spanish filmmaker has ever made , it 's a `` mad-scientist '' tale with a twist -- one so disturbingly clever , it should be illegal to reveal .
The Frankensteinish plot may be a departure for him , but The Skin I Live In has all of Pedro Almodóvar trademark kitsch , over-the-top melodrama and recurring questions about sexual identity and voyeurism .
The film has more twists than a bull 's neck and mucho polish -LRB- Alberto Iglesias 's jazzy score also enchants -RRB- , but it 's more freaky than frightful , a `` B '' picture by an `` A '' director .
Like a 1950s horror movie done up in the style of Douglas Sirk ... is n't uninteresting as an exercise in Almodovarian style and themes , but its farfetched narrative makes it a minor contribution to his canon .
I have always respected , if not always liked , the works of Almodovar and I am disappointed in him for making a film like `` The Skin I Live In . '' It left a sour taste in my mouth and feeling like I needed a shower afterward .
`` The Skin I Live in '' is Almodóvar reaching back to his sickest , kinkiest self , and it 's nice to see him trying to luxuriate in sleaze again .
Time and again this mad masterwork has you thinking , `` Oh , no , they would n't dare go there . '' And then it goes several steps further .
Almodovar shoots himself in the foot with a too-tricky structure , resetting `` Skin '' with a new set of characters at about the halfway point .
It 's a pleasure to see the director back with his male muse , the star of his radical early films , for the first time in more than 20 years .
The film has elements of Hitchcock and , most of all , George Franju 's far , far superior `` Eyes Without a Face , '' but `` The Skin I Live In '' is structurally rickety .
A fantastic night at a carnival of shadowy , suffocating , unforgettable wonders .
Banderas has never been better . He 's a brilliant actor , and obviously Almodovar recognized that he is perfect for this role .
A strange thriller that builds slowly until it races to a furious conclusion
A near-masterful tale of macabre goings-on behind closed doors .
It may take a day or two before you figure out whether you actually like it . You could spend the first 24 hours merely trying to figure out what it is you just saw .
The results are truly bizarre , and Almodóvar portrays the horror of the ensuing disclosures in as subdued a way as possible .
Dark , demented and oddly tender at its admittedly bleak center , `` The Skin I Live In '' is one of those films that viewers will either love or loathe in equal measure -- I can not imagine anyone coming away from something like with a `` meh '' reaction .
`` The Skin I Live In '' is like a David Cronenberg horror film as made by a director who does n't fear the body but revels in it , who is too sensual and amoral by nature to find anything truly disgusting or foreign .
Almodovar delivers his usual satiny mise-en-scene , though in this case it tends to undermine the creepy material .
Almodóvar puts Vera on display like a piece of grocery store meat wrapped under cellophane , designed to be appetizing - as long as you do n't think about where it came from .
He does good work , but madness does not breed efficiency .
The film is an exercise in improbable contrasts . The more extreme the actions of the characters , the more contained and fastidious the director 's technique .
Though I usually take pleasure in Almodovar 's sexy darkness , this film induces queasiness .
Yes , it 's over-the-top . But gloriously so . When we tangle/tango with Almodóvar , we know to expect outrageous plot twists , sudden detours into the kinky and melodrama ...
The most spontaneous of all movie artists has succumbed to `` art , '' and the results are a disaster .
Almodovar adopts a playfully wicked attitude , similar to the one director James Whale used on Bride of Frankenstein ... Almodovar is clearly relishing peeling back layer after layer of this peculiar onion .
One could surmise that this is some kind of sneaky put-on by Pedro Almodóvar , but his grandiose handling of a very unappetizing tale , rife with weird misogyny , makes it pretentious pulp and nothing more .
If the main reason you go to the movies is to be spun a good yarn , almost nobody does it better than Pedro Almodóvar .
Almodóvar 's creepy derangements take too long to come into focus ; the first half of the movie , especially , is unnecessarily confusing . But it all achieves a loony unity by the end .
The story begins in hypnotic ambiguity , then suddenly thrusts us into stunned astonishment .
Nothing Almodóvar does could be without interest , and this is no exception : his production design and attention to detail are formidable , and he is in perfect harmony with his actors .
Almodovar 's direction carries with it an air of precision that mutes the often preposterous nature of the proceedings in a manner evocative of de Palma 's playful streak -LRB- if less egregious -RRB- .
Though the story boils over with extreme acts of passion and vengeance , Almodóvar 's examination of these two damaged people 's troubled coexistence remains a cold -LRB- if impressively executed -RRB- formalist exercise .
Almodovar makes some missteps in his icky mélange of melodrama and mischief , but the end result is playfully devious .
Almodóvar offers up a grisly Halloween trick-and-treat in his first full-out horror movie , an eye-popping and genuinely shocking gender-bending twist on Alfred Hitchcock 's `` Vertigo . ''
It is guaranteed to make many audiences uncomfortable , if not outright enraged . It is , in other words , pure prime Almodóvar . And it is a pleasure to have him back .
Neither horror film , spoof , nor social commentary , ` The Skin I Live In ' wanders in limbo , unsure of what its own essence is .
This film 's strength comes from how it lulls you into a dream world that you are a little suspicious of , only to get blindsided by the truly dark side of revenge .
As coldly calculating and infuriating as it can be , the film and its production design are stunning . But characters ' actions and motivations are beyond comprehension .
A disturbing experiment in terror that calls to mind some of the all-time horror classics -- particularly Georges Franju 's Eyes Without a Face -- while boldly striking out on its own .
Anything for Halloween ? I 'd vouch for The Skin I Live In , a scary , sexy and terrifically twisted horror film from the artist known as Pedro Almodóvar .
Marvel at its strangeness
Every time you think you know what the movie is up to , it takes an astonishing new turn .
If theory ultimately outstrips drama in this semi-serious inquest into identity , gender and love , the filmmaking is often thrilling .
Were we born this way or made ? Mr. Almodóvar has his ideas , which he playfully explores with each labyrinthine turn .
The Skin I Live In is only middling Pedro -- which is to say , better than 78 % of other people 's films . But it has gleaming surfaces hiding the darkest habits .
A thought-provoking thriller and Gothic horror story directed by Pedro Almodovar .
You wo n't want to have a single one of the deliciously juicy twists spoiled before you see it , the pleasure of discovering ... is part of what makes the experience such a knockout .
Almodovar ups the sicko factor with arguably one of the best plot twists in the past ten years of movie-making .
Surreal but disappointingly drab , it 's still not the best Almodovar in years .
This feels almost like a parody of Almodovar , with its melodramatic tone and themes of gender , identity , sex and revenge .
My Fair Lady meets The Human Centipede . It 's disgusting and hateful , and all the more so because of its arthouse veneer of respectability ...
Almodovar at the height of his powers ... The Spanish master still knows how to get under an audience 's skin and unsettle it in shivery , satisfying ways .
It 's almost as if Almodóvar wanted to reach out into a gory genre , but could n't do so without wearing prissy gloves .
-LSB- An -RSB- ever-unfurling , ultimately infuriating web of a film .
... this is as visually and sonically gorgeous as anything Almodovar has ever done .
Intriguing characters that are woven together beautifully , but that does n't mean they 're people you care about and that becomes a problem when the pieces finally come together .
It 's the only Almodóvar movie in which feeling , emotional or sexual , does n't suffuse the imagery and hold the ramshackle melodrama together .
The Skin I Live In lacks the fire and emotional depth of Pedro Almodóvar 's best work .
Wicked stuff : voyeuristic , brutal , emotionally wrought and visually stripped down from Almodóvar 's usual fabric party of textures to a clinical-chic austerity . And fun too .
Sometimes in Pedro Almodóvar 's cinema , as in The Skin I Live In , looking is n't always the same as seeing .
An intriguing , sometimes haunting trans-genre experiment , but the Spanish director 's grafting of the revenge-thriller and Gothic-horror onto his style does n't quite take .
Considering how great it looks , it 's a shame the odd choices Almodovar makes in telling the story turn it into one of his first big misses in a long time .
It 's overly complex , yet Almidivar somehow finds a way to wrangle the beast in ... the full work of art is stunning .
Thematically it works , even when it falls short dramatically .
The revelation of a gruesome back story seems , often , to serve as much for laughs as for dramatic heft in what is one of Almodovar 's lighter efforts .
Director Pedro Almodóvar describes this film as `` a horror story without screams or frights '' - but there are actually a few of both . Just not in the way modern day horror fans usually expect .
This is a smart , complex and intelligent movie , from a filmmaker at the top of his game . Banderas delivers a cultured performance , though really the full ensemble deserve great credit .
At times , the narrative seems to be taking a somewhat roundabout route , but patience is rewarded , since this is elegant , perverse and provocative .
Though not one of Almodovar 's strongest works , his noir medical thriller is creepy , bizarre , and stunningly elegant to merit our attention , not to mention that Antonio Banderas is assigned his best role in decades .
A moving , suspenseful , exquisitely photographed look at an insane surgeon 's activities .
Elegantly demented , this gorgeous film is a classy piece of perversion that thrills as much as it horrifies .
A skilful piece of storytelling that reorganises time and , in a characteristic Almodóvar fashion , challenges our preconceptions about everyday life and personal conduct .
An evolutionary leap from a true master of his craft .
Both unsettling and provocative without an over-reliance on blood and guts .
Little more than a creepy B-movie with art-house trimmings .
As usual with Almodovar , there is no one to care for ; it 's detached , smug , empty camp .
It 's constructed to induce kinky shudders , delivering them with the ghoulish technical flair of a purring master .
Gorgeously mounted and superbly acted , Pedro Almodóvar does n't make this bracingly intense , off-the-wall story an excuse to forsake the humanist interests that populate his best works . And this sits proudly among them .
A Frankensteinian recombination of elements from earlier Almodóvar films - among them , Tie Me Up ! Tie Me Down ! and Law Of Desire .
It 's the work of a director firmly in control of his subject and shows that - when he wants to - there are few subjects that he ca n't tackle with flair .
Almodóvar 's round-the-houses , mid-film flashback might not feel as if it 's working at the time , but the set-up for the denouement is quite extraordinary .
Deliciously dark , superbly written thriller-slash-twisted love story from Pedro Almodovar that explores some fascinating ideas about obsession and revenge , and features a terrific performance from Antonio Banderas .
Just try to guess the nature of the twist at the heart of the drama - I guarantee the truth is more outrageous and disturbing than you could have imagined .
Not for everyone - there will be heated debate about at least one plot turn - but high-level filmmaking . The year 's classiest horror movie .
Almodóvar joins PT Anderson , Aronofsky , von Trier and Scorsese as the latest big-name director to dip a toe into horror . There wo n't be blood , but the head wounds are vicious .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- There 's mystery here to savor as you would any great piece of cinematic art . Pedro Almodóvar has created a masterpiece . Plan on seeing it twice .
Yes , it 's very , very silly , but The Skin I Live In is also hell of a lot of fun .
Spanish icon Pedro Almodóvar lives up to his reputation for originality with this stunning take on the horror genre that references everyone from Alfred Hitchcock through Luis Buñuel and Dario Argento .
If you took a Weekly World News cover story and tried to reverse-engineer a screenplay from the headline , it might look something like The Skin I Live In .
Pedro Almodovar 's 18th feature finds the man from La Mancha in dazzlingly idiosyncratic form with a sexual melodrama which unites the visual austerity of his more recent work with elements of sheer Almodovarian entertainment .
It 's less a film you 'll fall in love with than a film you 'll tell your friends they absolutely must see , and that should be enough to make it a hit around the world .
The Skin I Live In is n't quite as el sicko as I 'd hoped it would be , but the depraved gleam in its eye its nonetheless irresistible .
Almodóvar 's story-telling is nowhere near as shrill as it once was : as a mature artist , he has refined his skills to a point where these soap-opera tropes assimilate smoothly into a complex whole .
` The Skin I Live In ' is rooted in pain and loss , which pulls the film 's more melodramatic side into a more thoughtful , provocative place than its surface suggests .
I can only say that it kept me gripped from first to last .
Only Almodovar could get away with this potentially grizzly melodrama and make you laugh as well as shudder .




@highlight

The Skin I Live In lacks Almodovar 's famously charged romance , replaced with a wonderfully bizarre and unpredictable detour into arthouse ick .