... Gigantic is comedy of the absurd in its most extreme expression . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Occasionally rises above its limitations . The operative word is `` occasionally . ''
Romance and comedy are deftly balanced in an observation of the beautiful but strange
More like ` bloated . '
This determinedly nonsensical American indie feels like it was assembled in an off-world quirk factory .
Not quite this year 's hip little indie romantic comedy that could , as it clearly aspires to be , but smart-ish and drily funny while overly littered with twitches and tweaks .
` Gigantic ' is a film that succeeds by wearing the viewer down , as an infuriatingly coy , self-conscious first act gives way to a sweet and affecting climax .
The kind of mumbling , lank-haired , achingly self-conscious indie rom-com that gives mumbling , lank-haired , achingly self-conscious indie rom-coms a bad name .
It 's slyly misogynistic , dramatically inert , and wastes an intriguing boorish cameo from John Goodman .
This film is entirely empty : empty of substance , devoid of plausible characters , and without anything like a satisfying style .
Here the characters drive everything - they 're quirky without being annoying , funny without being clownish and odd but realistic . As funny and interesting as it is , however , the film raises more question than it answers .
It 's very hard not to get sucked in to the charm of this movie . Dano and Deschanel play their parts to perfection , exuding just the right amount of awkwardness and insecurity to bring the story to life .
Everything that happens slots neatly into the art house template - wacky leads , wackier supporting players , coy alt-rock soundtrack - but director Matt Aselton does n't know when to stop .
Taking his cue from his leading man 's minimalist , self-effacing performance , director and co-writer Matt Aselton has fashioned a wry homage to eccentricity .
Yet there 's an echo of Hal Ashby , or even Hal Hartley , in the subversion of easy truisms about relationships , and its primary note - mild anxiety - may make it a cult favourite .
By the end , I was thoroughly alienated by the movie 's twee , self-satisfied empty-headedness and rooting for the homeless man to do his worst .
An indie comedy that 's been kooked to a crisp . Wearing its quirkiness on its sleeve , the whole thing 's just too self-consciously strange to engage .
Gigantic tries so hard to be cute and quirky it forgets it should also try to be interesting .
Do n't hope for anything profound among the smug coolness .
The film obviously got a grant from Cool Aid , the endowment fund targeted at US filmmakers with nothing to say but a million airheaded ways to say it .
It 's kooky , it 's quirky , it 's dippy , it 's trippy , it 's loopy , it 's screwy - it 's indie , and boy , it 's annoying .
A likable cast brings some charm and humour to Gigantic but it remains an overly mannered , self-conscious effort .
Fluctuating wildly between wry ironic chuckles and a sombre indie romantic drama , this never quite hits the right balance tonally .
Likeable indie romance , thanks to strong performances and some nice ideas , though it 's often a little too quirky for its own good and is almost derailed by a spectacularly misguided subplot .
This gentle romance is so wilfully quirky that it will drive some audiences a bit crazy . But if you can connect to the film 's warmth and the humanity of its characters , it really gets under the skin .
This is some of the worst writing of the year , from the meaningless title down . Oh yeah , and a tramp keeps showing up to beat up Dano throughout . Not quite sure why , but I applaud the effort .
It fails to either engage or appeal in a big way , a gigantic way even . It also lacks the required dosage of off-beat humour . And when the movie thinks it 's funny , it is definitely not .
Precious and pretentious , and oddly absorbing because of it .
Quirky is certainly the word for this offbeat comedy .
... the story of how two emotionally damaged but terribly affected andprivileged underachievers meet , fall in love and presumably somehow form a family .
Gigantic has an idiotic screenplay in which nothing fits together with anything else and in which the two-dimensional characters get knocked down to one dimension as the movie progresses .
The characters are richly layered and well acted . John Goodman is a standout as Deschanel 's dad , a rich blowhard with a sweet candy center .
Gigantic is the sort of kitchen sink movie many first-time directors make , mistakenly believing that they have to throw every idea they 've ever come up with into just one film in case they never get a chance to make another .
Gigantic is the sort of kitchen sink movie many first-time directors make , mistakenly believing that they have to throw every idea they 've ever come up with into just one film in case they never get a chance to make another .
Zooey Deschanel is the most delightful young actress in Hollywood .
Was there any idea that came to writer-director Matt Aselton while he made `` Gigantic '' that he did n't use ? Seriously , that cutting room floor must have beenSPOTLESS .
Happy would be sad if you did n't want to see her story . And you would n't like a Manic Pixie Dream Girl when she 's angry .
Aselton seems to have ingested a hundred forgettable indie comedies , regurgitated them , and applied the random title Gigantic to what came up .
Like committee-created sketches at comedy clubs , where the audience shouts out random , zany ideas , Gigantic is huge on the random . But unlike the comedy club , there is little , if anything , to enjoy .
It 's just not all that interesting to watch two pretty young things go through the muddled rituals of the pas de duh when I can , you know , do it just as poorly myself .
There 's nothing really appealing or funny about these people or the predicaments in which they find themselves .
Gigantic plays like a Sundance movie with half the nouns removed ; fetchingly cryptic for a while , it 's ultimately just obscure .
One of those indies that seems to be trying to top the quirkiness quotient of Juno .
Aselton 's reason for making this movie is easy to discern -- he wants to be a filmmaker . But coming up with a reason for watching this movie is more of a challenge .
First-time feature director Matt Aselton , who co-wrote the darkly funny , well-observed script with Adam Nagata , has crafted a disarming tale that 's one of the better independent films in recent memory .
This quirky and engaging comedy sports smart dialogue , a surreal premise and a stellar cast .
Anyone can go off and just cynically make a bad movie , but to make a picture as inert , incompetent and emotionally fraudulent as Gigantic takes sincere faith that one is , in fact , making something really , really good .
Eventually Gigantic decides to become a heartwarmer , and why not ? Any ending -- including nuclear devastation or a 1940s musical number -- would have worked , too .
On the basis of Gigantic , Matt Aselton can make a fine and original film . This is n't quite it , but it has moments so good , all you wish for is a second draft .
There was just something about this movie that drew me in . Part of it is the borderline surreal method with which the film tells its story .
The script is sharp , well written , and with some strong performances , especially John Goodman .
I felt like I was being hit over the head with a quirky club .
It 's hard to imagine why anyone would build a whole film around Paul Dano -- or that anyone will again after seeing this movie .
Has a few moments of offbeat humor and boasts a charming , tender performance , as usual , by Zooey Deschanel , but it often falls flat as a convoluted comedy , drama , mystery and romance . It has too many poorly developed storylines that simmer together for 98
The protagonist might be so laid-back that he practically disappears , but the picture itself tries much too hard -- and stumbles .
With curdled humor and cardboard characters , this ghastly movie completely misses the mark .
Quirk fans , prepare to be lightly exhilarated .
Seriously ? Indie directors are still making painfully twee , self-conscious romances all these years after Sundance birthed so many quirky cliches ?
With its off-center dialogue and upscale industrial settings , Gigantic strains to be original . But beneath its indie affectations it is really another contemplation of generational misunderstanding .
There 's nothing inside , nothing to connect the film with the emotions of living people .
A note to all indie filmmakers -LRB- one that will be too late for Matt Aselton , writer -LRB- with Adam Nagata -RRB- and director of GIGANTIC -RRB- : quirky is a tone , not a plot .
An oddball romantic comedy about the relationship between a nurturing male and a ditzy young woman who does n't have a clue as to what she really wants .
sinks under the weight of its peculiarities , making a possibly big story feel like no big deal .
Any resemblance the film bears to real people and real situations is purely coincidental .
Just a bunch of strange character traits strung together for no reason other than quirk .
For a film that only flirts with the idea of closure it may be best to just keep an open mind and enjoy the company of some fine actors playing funny characters trying to find the same answers that all of us are .
If there 's anything truly celebratory about Gigantic , it 's the exposed performances from Dano and Deschanel .
There 's still something compelling about watching such a talented cast navigate the choppy waters of Aselton 's world .
The characters and situations are a little too quirky for their own good . Everyone is skewed off-center and , while that can be charming in small measures , Gigantic overdoses on it .
Credit Dano and Deschanel for generating sufficient chemistry to make the movie worthwhile despite the oft-distracting Kabuki dances dominating the backdrop .
The various twilight performances of the veteran players deserve a look , as do the always interesting appearances of Mr. Dano and Ms. Deschanel . Only the sparks are missing this time .
It looks like it was made for one-half of Joan Crawford 's old soundstage Pepsi-Cola budget and sounds like it was written by chimpanzees .
A borderline insufferable trifle that dispenses quirkiness with its every gesture and breath .
I do n't remember ever wanting to just haul out and punch a movie before Gigantic .
Director Matt Aselton cites Buñuel as an influence , but he fails to understand the difference between being a surrealist and being a nonsense-ist .
Gigantic is best appreciated for its kooky cast chemistry . But the story like the lure of those plump orthopedic mattresses in stock , is essentially a painless snooze .
... inevitably grows on the viewer ...








@highlight

This overly quirky , incessantly whimsical indie is too self-conscious for its own good .