It can be nearly impossible to watch at times .
Really , it 's like a longer , louder version of Glee or American Idol , but with actors who ca n't sing rather than singers who ca n't act . Plus , it rocks you like a hurricane .
`` Rock Of Ages '' is a soundtrack in search of a story , but it turns its utter disregard for narrative into its strongest ally .
... the two hours watching such a tepid and lip-synched effort is not a pleasant experience .
I know that in the history of cinema there have probably been worse movies . I 'm just having a hard time thinking of one right now .
Oscar-worthy costume design by Rita Ryack ... enliven the proceedings that are constantly mired by Tom Cruise 's unattractive vanity mugging , off-putting gay jokes and questionable taste in choreography .
Rock of Ages will make you want to raise your arms ... and then immediately plunge your fingers into your eyeballs for salvation -LRB- you can go back for seconds to rescue your ears -RRB- .
Feelin ' the noise ai n't the same as feeling something for the characters , most of whom fail to amp it up in the soul department .
Neither Tom Cruise nor a solid 80s playlist can keep the Rock alive .
Tom , we 're really not worthy .
If you grew up with the music of the 1980 's and want to relive it , you may enjoy the film . For me , I could easily have skipped both the music and the movie .
Rock of Ages panders to its base without putting in the extra effort to standout as not just a competent musical but a must-see film experience for all audiences .
Tom Cruise is monumentally good in this film . If this film was called Stacee Jaxx it might have been my film of the year .
Far from being a true `` Juke Box Hero , '' Rock of ages still manages to delight with its own giddy brand of utter stupidity .
`` Rock of Ages '' just never comes together , resulting in a mishmash of mostly-bland music and undeveloped stories .
Rock Of Ages is a stone-cold medley of cheese and cliché . It riffs on dated guitar bands and power-anthems and it builds its city on dry ice and key changes . And yet ... it still kinda rocks .
There are two reasons to see `` Rock of Ages . '' One : If you live and breathe for 80s rock music . Two : A drugged up Tom Cruise belting out Bon Jovi . Unfortunately , that 's about it .
If this is n't one of the worst movies of the year , we 're all in a whole lot of trouble .
It 's overlong , overblown and could n't establish a convincing plot if its life depended on it , but it sings at the top of its lungs , and if you have n't gone deaf by the mid-point , you might just find yourself humming along .
Would have been more honestly titled Rock for Ages -- because that 's how long this headbangers ball seems to go on .
The worst of Michael Schultz 's Sgt. Pepper 's Lonely Hearts Club Band and Menahem Golan 's The Apple with the kind of music that caused me to stop listening to radio altogether .
... the driving beat keeps toes tapping .
An illustrative dividing line : REO Speedwagon is probably thrilled to death to be on this soundtrack - meanwhile Joan Jett is likely embarrassed that she is too .
Shankman makes a lively , consistently entertaining film that blends two seemingly incompatible art forms : a Broadway musical and '80s rock 'n' roll .
There 's little doubt that Rock of Ages benefits substantially from its fast-paced and thoroughly energetic opening few minutes ...
Bang your head one minute , and shake it in bewilderment the next .
This exuberant , hugely entertaining big-screen adaptation of the smash stage musical comedy does n't put a foot wrong ... -LSB- Tom -RSB- Cruise again proves he 's on a mid-life career peak .
The subtitle of Rock of Ages should be , `` We Built This Sinkhole on Rock and Roll . '' Despite the relentless vapidity of Rock of Ages , there is one reason to see this movie -- Tom Cruise . Is a single performance enough to recommend a movie ? If so , go .
This at least looked like a good idea for a motion picture , even if the execution of the idea left something to be desired . This is sort of a cross between ` Xanadu ' and ` Footloose . '
brimming with guilty pleasures for those who are nostalgic for big hair and big power chords , but like many musicals of its ilk , the story that binds the songs together is decidedly lacking
Yeah , `` Monster Ballads '' is blasting out here on my iPod . And I 'm not ashamed to admit it . I 'll bet I 'm among thousands of viewers who just saw `` Rock of Ages '' and simply had to listen to some more 1980s-era tunes .
Big , showy and over the top with highs , lows , laughs and some truly fist-pumping performances from a diverse cast of familiar actors , most of them in roles requiring some serious belting and hoofing .
Not good enough to recommend or bad enough to qualify as a worthwhile guilty pleasure . Instead , it 's a sanitized pop show that makes rock & roll seem about as raw , reckless and dangerous as a class of kindergartners singing `` Itsy Bitsy Spider . ''
Rock of Ages will rock you ... or at least lightly jostle you .
Rock of Ages probably does n't deliver an experience equal to that of seeing the original on stage , but if you 're looking for a movie that turns the theater into an impromptu karaoke bar , you 'll find nothin ' but a good time .
It 's easy to see how Rock of Ages became a crowd-pleaser on Broadway , where audiences got caught up in the energy of '80s hit songs performed live .
It is supposed to be a celebration of 80s hair music . Why does everyone looked pained and angry during every song ? The movie is worth watching for Tom Cruise 's amazing performance .
Despite a mildly entertaining performance by Tom Cruise as a pampered , sexed-up and boozy rock idol in Rock of Ages , the film is a major disappointment
Tom Cruise 's magnetic performance almost makes the movie worth the price of admission . Almost .
Rock Of Ages is so not rock and roll .
You 'll sympathize with the prudes when the pro-rock forces fight back with a chorus of Starship 's ` We Built This City . '
There is a lot of talent on display overall , but the central storyline of the romance between Hough and Boneta 's characters is cheesy and dull .
Rock of Ages is not a spoof , but it might as well be , given how little there is to root for .
A rock 'n' roll movie that does n't rock , featuring performers who ca n't sing performing songs that do n't fit , in a lackluster , cliche-filled story that 's poorly paced and has no stakes .
Overflowing with poor taste , without even one likeable character , the music is n't enough to make it worthwhile .
The film seems to take itself too seriously rather than embracing its cheesy roots .
Feels like a made-for-VH1 movie .
Two films in one : the good film , which is composed of extremely proficient , highly energetic production numbers -LRB- of which there are many -RRB- , and the clichéd , surprisingly non-energetic other film , which is composed of all the talky bits .
At best , Rock Of Ages is like many of those big rock anthems of the '80s - kind of fun , but lacking any real substance .
The core issue in Rock of Ages is a blaring disconnect between the story it tells and the movement it aspires to capture .
Never has Los Angeles looked less enticing .
How can I put this ? Rock of Ages is too darn bad -LRB- ah , that 's the word -RRB- to qualify even as harmless fun
Undeniably outrageous good fun with another standout comedic act from Cruise ... those who remember the 80s ... will be head banging and toe tapping .
One of the more unbearable rock films I experienced , as its intended satire , farce and camp was totally underwhelming .
... a cinematic endeavor that , for all intents and purposes , is asking the consumer to put down his or her money to watch movie stars do karaoke .
Despite a hard rocking performance from Tom Cruise , Rock of Ages fails to tap into that sex , drugs and sleazy rock 'n' roll spirit of the 1980s with director Adam Shankman confusing glam with camp .
Rock of Ages winks at us , but the joke 's on the film , which feels more dated and lame in its stale Broadway conventions than any Warrant song ever will .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Based on Chris D'Arienzo 's campy Broadway musical , `` Rock of Ages '' is a gaudy , spirited exhumation of music that many would prefer to forget ever existed .
Cruise , as Stacee Jaxx , is the living embodiment of a rock god .
No fun was had when I saw Rock of Ages . No fun at all .
his crowd-pleasing film provides goofy fun and outrageous moments . A nostalgic good time is guaranteed as you listen to great voices sing these memorable songs . You will find yourself laughing at the hilarious surprises along the way . Cruise is ...
Well . Its heart was in the right place .
It falls into a lot of the same pitfalls that the music of this era did ; it starts out fun , catchy , and has a great hook , but then it gets full of itself , bloated , difficult to work with , and by the time it realizes it made a mistake , the magic is gone .
does for 80s rock what The Rocky Horror Glee Show did for Rocky Horror ... lousy covers of songs you 'd rather hear from the original artists
A grizzled Alec Baldwin , as the financially troubled owner of The Bourbon Room , and rooster-haired Russell Brand as his factotum , steal the show with their blend of urbane and wry wit mixed with a surprisingly sentimental side
It is as if the writers tossed off everything they learned from Almost Famous and instead went with the subtle empowerment message of Coyote Ugly . That 's right folks , if you are a woman appearing in Rock of Ages chances are you a big ol' whore .
Every time an actor belts out a hit , you 're reminded that the original , however cheesy , was better .
It 's like someone ate an '80s record collection , puked it up , and then ran it through a film projector .
With all of those songs , there 's not much room left for real story , and while what 's present may sound fairly involved when describing all of the characters , it 's meager at best . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
`` Rock of Ages '' is like those embarrassing old photos of yourself from the '80s - even as you roll your eyes at the bad fashion decisions , you feel a lot of affection for that misbegotten youth .
Tom Cruise is a hoot as rock god Stacee Jaxx , but the overall vibe runs a little thin . Better songs and better singers would have helped .
The movie 's supporting stars are always , inevitably , winking at the audience , but it 's unclear whether the dewy-eyed leads even know how to blink .
Shankman 's frappé of '80s rock is hideous , but weirdly fascinating ... this is a movie you 'll never be able to un-see , so think carefully ...
If you get people to pay for tickets to a show where the big selling point is they 'll hear songs they already know and love , why bother creating an actual story or compelling characters ?
Pour some sugar on it , indeed .
Musical has more glam than grit , except for drinking .
Did n't the International Court of Justice at the Hague declare `` We Built This City '' the audio equivalent of a war crime ?
It 's classic boy-meets-girl stuff , infused with rock standards galore .
The film in large part is no more than Glee on a movie screen , but its cast and comedy make it more fun than it deserves to be .
Guilty pleasure material , for sure , but it 's weirder and smarter than that . Drop your guard and revel in the innuendo , the energy , the music , and all the terrific supporting performances .
Zeta-Jones and Cruise are by a criminally large margin the only people onscreen worth bothering with .
Gets the safe , direct-from-Broadway treatment from Adam Shankman . But there are diversions .
The film feels much like where it came from , modern-day Broadway - a formerly grimy section of New York City that 's been scrubbed clean and thoroughly Disneyfied .
This is n't really a movie . It 's a collection of covers . And if it 's possible to have a decent time , you ca n't help but be struck by the emptiness of it all .
There are moments of invention so outré you may feel yourself being won over against your will .
The movie version of Rock of Ages has all the energy and electricity of a lite-FM radio station 's noontime `` Smooth Jazz '' hour .
Rock of Ages is so unpretentious about its aims and the performers are so game for what they surely knew would be this ridiculous that it 's hard to resist entirely .
By investing its fate in two personality-free leads , this fitfully witty hair-metal mash-up musical loses before it begins ; even with Tom Cruise in full Lizard King drag .
But even though Rock of Ages does n't really work as a movie , it does boast several enjoyable moments thanks to a gung-ho cast and the show 's biggest star : the music .
The music is fun , but it 's the pesky between-the-songs moments where Shankman 's flimsily plotted , paper-thin mix tape of a movie loses its footing .
There is no denying that `` Rock of Ages '' is a full on musical , but the heavy metal songs belted out from the 80 ′ s make it easier to swallow .
These were bad songs then , and they are worse songs now ; the film 's fatal flaw is that it never decides how it feels about that fact , or how to deal with it .
There 's more to a musical than the songs . With a good story , a good script , and some good performances , the movie version of this Broadway hit could have been nothin ' but a good time .
The film 's problems begin with who it cast as its leads .
The effect is like being stuck at a cheesy wedding with a bad cover band .
This review is exactly 666 words long . You 're welcome .
If the idea of listening to these iconic songs while sensing that you 're about to see jazz hands break out at any second makes you start banging your head , then fork over your hard-earned money to see this .
It 's overdone and chock full of dumb , but if approached with the proper mindset it could end up being one of the better surprises of the summer .
Adam Shankman cranks up the volume to a Spinal Tap 11 for this energetic musical based on the popular stage show .
Cruise 's duet with Ackerman of Foreigner 's `` I Want to Know What Love Is '' opens the film up . From there Cruise never comes back to earth . He 's incredible . You simply ca n't take your eyes off him .
Far too mild for its supposedly outrageous subject .
Cruise once again steals the show , but this time he drives it straight off a cliff .
For the most part , rock and roll should feel insulted .
This plodding mess may help put to rest Hollywood 's inexplicable two-decade love affair with the awful '80s , a pop - culture decade that 's overdue for a break .
It 's content to keep toes tapping , when it should be bringing the arena to its feet .
Just some excuse Tom Cruise found to get more greased up and shirtless than he did playing volleyball in Top Gun
The creators have to either bring something new to the turntable , or construct a pastiche that smacks of such brilliance , that the audience will want to virtually flick its Bic lighter in frenzied approval .
It 's too bad the filmmakers did n't just let the music do all the talking .
-LRB- Tom -RRB- Cruise walks off with the film . He understands what is required of him as Jaxx , playing it as an amalgamation of many of the era 's biggest rock icons .
The movie has it 's tongue through it 's cheek -LRB- as opposed to just tongue-in-cheek -RRB- . It knows how stupid it is , and embraces it . ROCK OF AGES is n't full of great nuances or anything meaningful . It 's just one hell of a good time .
There 's little more to it than a glorified karaoke night that hardly warrants putting your lighters up .
It 's karaoke night in Hollywood and a 10 drink minimum may be required to get any enjoyment out of it .
Yeah , it 's kind of repetitive and something of a mess , but every time the chords of another classic song strike up , game audiences will find the movie 's eager-to-please , `` Do n't - Stop-Believin ' '' charms to be next to irrepressible .
Individually , all of these shortcomings could be tolerable ; combined , they form an unholy alliance of painfully forced kitsch .
Rock of Ages feels like one of those movies that studio executives keep hidden in their vaults and only pull out at stag parties , a work of excess and wrongheadedness so far off the rails that to release it would be a P.R. disaster .
Watch this film and emerge , blinking into the daylight , with a desire to do nothing but drink whisky and listen to rock .
Do n't stop believing . Just avoid clichéd musicals that try to capture the anarchic spirit of rock with trite commercial re-treads .
It reminds me most of cult hit Coyote Ugly , another film that seriously proposes pole-dancing and casual sex with unappetising men as means of feminist empowerment .
No matter how you feel about Guns N ' Roses , Tom Cruise 's as a bandanna-headed Axl Rose type will hit you as the purest bit of genius in the man 's entire film career .
Whatever charms it had on the stage have apparently been lost in the transition , leaving us with a tedious , tacky lump .
It vacillates between popcorn silliness and faux profundity for two hours , until it finally runs out of breath .
However you play up this material -- as camp , melodrama , anthem , or goof -- it sags under the weight of its lightweight pretensions .
A collection of pop moments already explored extensively .
Blessed with unstoppable energy , an undeniably bawdy sense of fun and Tom Cruise in backless leather pants , it takes songs you may never have loved and turns them into a musical that 's easy to enjoy .
Hough is an amazing dancer and a promising actress , but as a singer she 's reedy and wispy - her voice is more suitable for Nashville , rather than the raw energy of the rock world .
What 's not fine is the dead zone occupied by the monster of the piece , Tom Cruise 's veteran rocker , Stacee Jaxx .
A mindless satire , Rock of Ages wo n't stop the legions of fans from believin ' in the power of rock n ' roll .
If the songs are a little soft in the middle , well so are the teenagers of the 80 ′ s who are this film 's target audience .
It 's only a shame Rock of Ages is quite awful , because it looks like it was a ton of fun to make .
Despite some inspired crude humor , Rock of Ages is just another meretricious and cynical example of what it occasionally makes fun of .
This movie asked me to accept a lot , and occasionally I did -- but even I drew the line at one of these `` American Idol '' wannabes writing `` Do n't Stop Believin ' . ''
It 's a fake tattoo with the volume turned way , way up .
Just like the music , it 's far more fun than it has any right being .
There are worse ways to spend a couple of hours than with this odd assortment of courageous thespians bringin ' on the heartbreak , and feelin ' the noize .
A peppy screen version of the Broadway musical that will get you humming along to your favorite 1980s pop and rock songs .
So willfully bad that not even Cruise 's valiant CPR can help .
For a movie that prides itself on celebrating music , Adam Shankman 's Rock of Ages is oddly tone deaf .
A perfectly fine backward-looking , trivia-centered guilty pleasure .
Doubtless , like The Producers , it will be adapted back into the theatre , some time in 2017 , at which time it will be even more bland and tiring .
The songs in `` Rock of Ages '' are by bands like Twisted Sister , Starship , Styx , Foreigner , Poison and Journey , but are sung by the actors . They are as familiar as they are forgettable , like the film itself .
It 's an amiable enough alternative to the summer 's special effects blockbusters . Just do n't expect a wild time .
There 's a variable quality to the vocals , but the production design and choreography are solid , leading to a cheesy enjoyability .
If you know what it means to walk along the lonely street of dreams , I bet you 'll think it 's good , dumb fun .
It 's worth the novelty , but you may have a hard time looking at everyone involved the same way again .
Where in blue hell is the Phantom of the Paradise when you need him ?
Smashing , colorful , witty adaptation of the current Broadway musical-comedy blockbuster benefits mightily from ingenious star casting , a soundtrack awash in late '80s hits , and a savvy comic send-up of the period 's L.A. music scene .
If you 've ever wanted to see a partially clothed , fully comical sex scene set to Foreigner 's ` I Want to Know What Love Is , ' well , this is where you go .
There 's no denying the party-time pow of Rock of Ages , or of Tom Cruise 's performance .
Rock Of Ages begins in full throttle with the stirring Guns N ' Roses anthem ` Paradise City ' . It takes a moment or two to work out that the screeching vocal is not Axel Rose 's but in fact Tom Cruise !
`` Rock of Ages '' is like two hours of karaoke at a bar that plays only songs you hear at strip joints .
It all ends in tears : audience tears of helpless mirth and near-disbelief . When something is this off-the-meter , you at least admire the chutzpah .
It looks like Disneyland and sounds , well , like a bad Broadway musical , with all the power belting and jazz-hand choreography that implies .
It 's about as entertaining as an iron lung .
We finally get to see what Cruise 's Lestat would have been liked had he starred in Queen of the Damned . ... If you love L.A. , hair bands , and musicals , then you 'll likely enjoy Rock of Ages for the valentine to all three that it is .
If you love rock 'n' roll , you 're probably going to hate Adam Shankman 's ` Rock of Ages , ' a film version of the Broadway smash , featuring actors , some vocally gifted , others not so much , singing covers of 1980s hair band rock anthems and love songs .
For all the decent performances , Rock of Ages plays like canned spectacle .
The thing runs more than two hours , but this is the sort of project that 's indemnified against charges of excess .
Once you accept the utter and profound inconsequentiality of Rock of Ages , there 's much to enjoy in it ...
To his credit , campy director Adam Shankman knows that his source material is a joke - but it 's a joke at the expense of musical history .
Overall the film teeters , close to collapse , on its stacked heels .
As a Broadway show , Rock of Ages may be `` nothin ' but a good time , '' but as a movie , it 's pretty twisted , sister .
Simply put : it does n't rock . At all .
Tom and his auto-tuned voice do okay with `` Wanted Dead or Alive . '' Musically , `` Rock of Ages '' is fun .
This is hardly what you 'd call `` great cinema '' , but , against the odds , it manages to be flashy and entertaining enough to justify its move to the big screen .
While the movie is occasionally enjoyable cheese and Tom Cruise quite riveting , `` Rock of Ages '' is a musical with a hollow center ... it could be `` Showgirls '' for a new generation .
Like a bad mixtape created by the abominable Ark Music Factory , Rock of Ages is all flash and very , VERY little substance .
Rock of Ages is a soundtrack with a visual component tacked on . It 's not so much a musical movie as music , with a movie . The experience of watching it is akin to listening to a runaway jukebox stuck in the '80s
It was a time when fake boobs would get you backstage , but phoniness like Rock of Ages deserves to be tossed out the back door on its ass .
The soundtrack amounts to an accretion of the kind of cheesy globules that once clogged the arteries of the pop music charts ... did I have a good time watching it ? Yeah .
The plot is paper-thin , the characters are underwritten , there 's a painful lack of laughs and the whole thing just is n't as much fun as it could have been .
As with Shankman 's knowingly naff ` Hairspray ' , the sheer performance gusto on display proves thoroughly winning .
Like every one of its songs , it makes a lot of noise about nothing much and cockily straddles awfulness and greatness . It 's enormously entertaining nonsense .
Bland lead actors , blah musical arrangements and an attempt to make '80s LA PG-13 add up to an unconvincing , overlong and often humorless spectacle .
`` Rock of Ages '' is exuberant , silly , overlong , sexist ; it 's clever in little matters and proudly dumb in the things that should count .
How can you hate a film that promotes its guitar-pick-thin story with the surprisingly honest advertising tagline , `` Nothin ' But a Good Time '' ?
I can not possibly dislike a movie in which Alec Baldwin and Russell Brand , equipped with abundant '80s tresses , sing `` I Love Rock & Roll '' into a hairbrush .
A shameless crowd-pleaser where cardboard characters use the most overplayed and ubiquitous hits of the 1980s to express the aching banality of their souls .
A few days after seeing a screening , I was driving by a billboard for the movie , and I thought , well , who knows ? That might be fun . Then I realized I 'd already seen it . And forgotten it .
The actors are having a lot of fun , and the production values of the musical numbers are slick and high-spirited .
If you love rock and roll and do n't mind putting another dime in the nostalgia jukebox , this may be nothing but a good time .
A musical does n't need an intricate , compelling plot if it has sensational production numbers and charismatic lead actors , but Rock of Ages has neither .
While the movie gets a little tedious at times , Tom Cruise absolutely makes it worth seeing . He is beyond great here ... ALL HAIL TOM CRUISE !!!
`` Rock of Ages '' is an effulgent celebration of fakeness . It is n't trying to be real ; it 's trying to be faker than any fake thing has ever been before .
If the Adam Shankman film 's debasement of its subject into campy kitsch is the unavoidable fate of all culturally dangerous art , that does n't make it any less palatable .
You 've never seen Cruise like this-stoned , sexy , topless , reckless-and his swing-for-the-fences performance is so on target it 's actually Oscar-worthy .
Most of the numbers in Rock of Ages are flatly shot and choreographed , and they look as if they 'd been edited together with a meat cleaver . With rare exceptions , they do n't channel the excitement of the music - they stultify it .
A splashy but slapdash nostalgia trip that , while offering a few good moments , is mostly underthought and overdone .
This raucous trawl through 80s power ballads , rock anthems and gigantic hair is a lot of fun , partly because it throws so many big stars into against-type roles in which they get to sing and dance .
Purists will object to the music and everyone else will object to the concept , but resistance is futile : this is a highly entertaining movie .
Choppy editing , tepid pacing and generic vocals are bad enough to rival `` Grease 2 . ''
To truly enjoy it , you must be willing to pretend that some of the songs from one of the worst periods of the rock era -- the late 1980s -- are inspirational anthems instead of commercial pabulum .
Disposable , overly long fun best enjoyed with BFFs and a bevvie .
The rude and raucous heyday of 1980s hair metal is relived in this starry screen version of the jukebox musical , but despite the cast 's game efforts the results are disappointingly tame and bland , a toned-down , 12A-version of the era 's X-rated excesses .
The director never got over his contempt for the music .
It 's silly , tacky and is more of a glorified karaoke session than a well made feature film , but ` Rock of Ages ' really is a ton of mindless fun .
All hail mesmerizing Tom Cruise as Stacee Jaxx . There is way too much Hough and Boneta . Baldwin and Brand are the new `` yes '' .
Tom Cruise has huge fun - so audiences will too - as rock god Stacee Jaxx , all leather chaps , tattoos , sexual magnetism and a pet monkey pushing a drinks trolley .
Too reverent and humourless to be a parody , too camp and sanitised to be a serious homage , this sits in an awkward no-man 's land , neither defining nor dissecting - and , most disappointingly , not rocking .
Largely fluff - fluff that , when the music stops playing , lacks the likeable camp of director Adam Shankman 's previous effort Hairspray .
Rock of Ages is at best irresistibly idiotic and at worst brilliantly bad .
They did n't pour some sugar on this thing ; they poured the whole friggin ' box .
Adam Shankman was largely responsible for the 2007 film version of Hairspray . That title would be equally fitting for his new picture Rock of Ages , a primped and volumised jukebox musical that feels significantly longer than is altogether natural .
Noisy , insanely fun and shameless - embrace your inner rocker and party on !
When these kids sing `` I love rock 'n' roll '' , you believe them , and chances are in that moment , you 'll love it too .
You 're here to see a bunch of game A-listers play celebrity karaoke with the '80s glam-band tunes of Def Leppard , Journey , Twisted Sister and others .
If this era was a formative time in your life and you 're feeling a yearning for kitschy nostalgia , `` Rock of Ages '' provides a sufficiently fun little escape .
Rock of Ages is what happens when Glee travels back in time with Guitar Hero and does a serious Scarface sized bowl of cocaine and starts a hair band . Cruise 's performance is the only thing I enjoyed .
It 's not every day , after all , that you get to see two great American traditions -- guitar/bass/drums rock music and Tin Pan Alley musical theater -- so thoroughly , mutually degraded .
A celebrity karaoke session consisting solely of cheesy '80s metal tunes that may lay claim to being the worst rock musical ever put on film .
A retro rom-con whose aim is true , this Broadway musical adaptation does please a crowd , especially if that crowd loves 'em some 1980 's rock and roll .
Two hours of Reagan-era pop hits recorded in a way that makes Kidz Bop sound like `` Glee '' and `` Glee '' sound like GWAR .
The film 's enthusiasm ca n't get over the fact that it is essentially a collage of music videos connected by a string of a story , and it is directed almost as farce - as big as if it were on stage .
It 's Cruise , wearing black nail polish , earring , decorative jock-strap that fascinates as he writhes and prances , tongue-kisses , spreads his legs and puts on a turn you are not likely to forget as the debauched rock star that has lost touch with reality
Fun and campy for about a reel or so , this jukebox musical overextends its welcome and gets so repetitive that even its solid actors ca n't help much .
Pitched at this sort of full-volume level , everything spelled out with the most literal interpretation of song lyrics and the most exaggerated character types , there 's no chance you 're going to miss anything . ` Prometheus , ' this is not .
Given the proliferation of high-school musicals and American idols on TV , the spectacle of aspiring young singers belting out an umpteenth cover of Journey offers little in the way of novelty value .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is just a madly silly , deeply goofy movie that 's meant to pander to GenX 80s nostalgia . It 's not trying to be radical or revolutionary ... I 'm not even sure director Adam Shankman realizes how extraordinary his film is on -LSB- a certain -RSB- level ...
As the tagline says , Rock of Ages is nothin ' but a good time . Sometimes , it 's even less .
-LSB- Shankman -RSB- succeeds in draining most of the fun from a vehicle that was all about the winking humor of its flagrant cheesiness .
This lively but decidedly overlong film showers the audience with kitsch at the expense of characters .
As a story , Rock of Ages is all over the place , but the performers are clearly having a blast , and their enjoyment is infectious .

@highlight

Its exuberant silliness is almost enough to make up for its utter inconsequentiality , but Rock of Ages is ultimately too bland and overlong to justify its trip to the big screen .