High-reaching adult drama with lots of language , drinking .
Mild , pleasant , obvious romantic comedy set on Wall Street that 's most notable for its -LRB- maybe accurate -RRB- portrayal of young brokers as amoral idiots oblivious to the real-life consequences of their risky business .
Even on a reduced scale of expectation , Good Guy is stunningly empty and obvious , missing its mark as a cautionary tale or a romantic sojourn , instead slogging along a preordained trail of cliché .
It 's network television drama , starring actors best known for their TV work and full of the petty gripes and mild worries of characters who really have nothing compelling to worry about .
Writer/director Julio DePietro 's first effort is every bit as obvious as it sounds , thudding from one symmetrically perfect cliche to another .
It has smart characters , and is wise about the ones who try to tame their intelligence by acting out .
The Good Guy has a few half-cute moments , some chuckles , and enough pretty faces to cast at least two TV pilots . What it does n't have is a clue .
A sort of much more polite , estrogenized filmic companion piece to a lost , mid-era Bret Easton Ellis novel , this movie has a different , interesting cant than most films of its ilk , but ca n't quite turn that positive into a deal-closing recommendation .
For a movie that clearly aspires to be an up-to-the-minute representation of New York City , The Good Guy already feels quite dated .
The cast could not be better .
There 's too little difference between the good guys and the bad guys in Julio DePietro 's uninspired debut , a slickly cynical romance destined to be quickly forgotten .
Drawing on his stint at a Chicago investment firm , DePietro creates characters , dialogue and situations that feel authentic , which makes the film relevant in unexpected ways , though not as deeply as you hope he 'll do in the future .
resh enough to provide the voyeuristic kick of glimpsing the frenzied lifestyle of aspiring masters of the universe .
A fresh and original take on a familiar tale .
New York-based love story that illustrates how old-fashioned virtues can still play a significant role in matters of the heart .
There is a reason why McCarthy does n't get hired to play a sharking alpha male very often . When he makes an effort to work his features into a frenzy of boiling testosterone , he looks like a petulant third-grader .
Greenberg is dull and lumpish ; Porter is little more than a smile on its way to a toothpaste ad .
Good guy finishes last and makes mediocre movie .
Handsome , well-done if too familiar look at the romantic and professional games played by upscale twentysomething Manhattan professionals working pre-recession .
The Good Guy builds its power as it goes , taking you places you do n't expect . It 's the rare movie that can surprise you in that way % u2013 but this one does .
Crass dialogue , the plot development of a Tom & Jerry cartoon , and a cast of instantly forgettable actors add up to a romantic drama that enriches your life simply by not being seen .
The Good Guy suffers from the dreary want of imagination about the specificity of twentysomething life that has sunk so many other specimens of this battered genre .
A teensy , unoriginal young love triangle with a hint of subversion .
A light romantic comedy about a relationship between a hot-shot investment banker and a perky conservationist who learns in time that her boyfriend is a cad .



@highlight

The Good Guy has an attractive cast , but they are n't done any favors by the film 's cardboard characters and cliched plot .