Many will be moved by Protagonist and its reminders that we are all struggling to find versions of ourselves to live up to .
-LSB- Jessica Yu -RSB- combines the interviews with such skill that themes begin to emerge , a tangled thicket of men seeking to define themselves through strength , discipline and self-transformation .
Truly artistic documentary about 4 men who led life at the edge and came back from the brink .
fascinating , troubling , and scathingly brilliant in both concept and execution
... far more thought-provoking and engrossing than the usual run of flatly journalistic docs .
At first , the technique seems gimmicky , but finally it 's as compelling a perspective as any to understand how these men passed through agony to some sort of peace .
Yu 's film may be challenging to synopsize , but it 's thoroughly engrossing and wildly surprising .
Perhaps Yu 's greatest achievement was finding four individuals with equal passion about and insight into their own journeys , and thereby demonstrating that all lives are fascinating when properly examined .
Stepped up in edginess from the Errol Morris template , Yu 's Greek tragedy of modern extremists weaves four disturbing stories into a cautionary tale in step with the times
It 's a particularly elegantly made film , with sharp lensing by cinematographers Russell Harper and Karl Hahn .
Suffers for the same reasons that a lot of ` issue ' documentaries are problematic -- it is way too heavy-handed , only in style and concept rather than preachiness .
None of the talking heads is as interesting as -LSB- director -RSB- Yu thinks they are ; and it 's difficult to build sympathy for any of them .
While -LSB- director -RSB- Yu 's experimental approach brings valuable insight to the human condition , the interviews themselves too rarely measure up to her ambitious structure .
... an audacious and remarkably assured documentary that weaves together four seemingly unrelated portraits of four contemporary men whose very different lives follow the course of Euripidean drama .
Protagonist is an enthralling documentary exploration of people with obsessive needs for control and self-mastery .
Proves so savvy at connecting the hidden dots between eclectic subjects that even the puppets seem human .
The film bears the mark of a real directorial talent , eager to push the documentary form in inventive directions , just like Errol Morris and Werner Herzog , and for that alone , it deserves a nod of appreciation .
A highly original and at times thrilling use of the documentary medium , and one of the most revealing films about the troubled nature of contemporary manhood I 've ever seen .
An altogether fascinating art-piece documentary .
-LSB- Director Jessica -RSB- Yu 's analytical documentary has an intentionally narrow view of human narratives , lumping together the misguided journeys of four men to highlight the conceptual parallels between them .
Jessica Yu 's ` Protagonist ' is bravely conceived , but the subject is of itself static , or at least treated so .
Yu 's rousing , difficult-to-classify exercise in parallel storytelling is surprisingly accessible , and all the more insightful for it .
-LSB- A -RSB- bold exploration of the ... theme of extremism taken to the point of tragedy ...
Another weirdly hermetic documentary exercise from the director of In the Realm of the Unreal .
Director Jessica Yu backgrounds her four talking heads with an ancient Greek puppet show to demonstrate skillfully that we 've been going through the same neurotic cycles of behavior for the last 2600 years .
The film makes a lasting impression as it delves into an unfashionable territory : character as fate rather than a function of pharmaceuticals .
Outstanding .
Protagonist is another astute piece of nonfiction profiling by Yu .
Hard to define and easy to enjoy .
-LSB- Director Jessica -RSB- Yu structures the stories in a manner that is not instantly understandable , but inspires attention with its profound puzzle .
The film 's sheer boldness -- -LSB- director Jessica -RSB- Yu uses puppets , and the work of 5th Century B.C. Greek dramatist Euripides to illustrate the timelessness of her subjects ' dilemmas -- should make it a must-see among doc fans and artfilm cinephiles .



@highlight

Protagonist skillfully intertwines its subjects ' lives through an unexpected common thread -- Euripedes .