New Year 's Eve impresses with its guest list but here these famous acquaintances are to be forgotten and never brought to mind .
It 's like channel surfing when there 's nothing on but crap .
Offering up genuinely unlikable characters and terrible dialogue , this comedy qualifies as one of the year 's worst .
The bland lead the bland through a sea of New Year 's revelers ...
Colossal waste of talent and time .
Your appreciation for the film may depend on your tolerance for sugar .
Among the year 's worst films . The tragedy is funny , the comedy is tragic , and about its only saving grace is that it makes 2010 's Valentines Day look almost passable .
... a perfectly watchable -LRB- and consistently hackneyed -RRB- feel-good ensemble drama .
The movie is a serious waste of time .
The cinematic equivalent of a piece of New York style cheesecake and about as artistically satisfying .
a sea of quickly put together , cheesy romcom vignettes that fail to put across any kind of meaningful message
tha htane to pio thaymasio spotaki yper ths eythanasias se periptwsh ektetamenhs egkefalikhs atrofias , an den htane hdh fortwmeno mexri naytias apo ta mhnymata oswn sponsonarane persi ton eortasmo ths prwtoxronias
New Year 's Eve is pretty much laugh-free , trading on tired visual gags and some unbelievably cynical ` cutesy ' scenes -LRB- baby montage anyone ? -RRB- for most of its humour .
Garry Marshall , how could you ? You have made a mockery of a movie that bears the name of my birthday . I take this as a personal affront .
... a nice box of holiday chocolates ...
Proves , in its tiny way , that no matter how bad the modern romantic comedy has already become , there 's still plenty of room for it to get worse .
A joyless , overstuffed confection that seems designed more to maximise product placement .
No message , no car chases and explosions , no 3D - just relaxing entertainment
Much of it is dreck but the stories that work are charming and in a few select cases , provide a sudden emotional wallop .
Watching Robert De Niro put yet another nail in the coffin of his career is bad enough , but et tu Michelle Pfeiffer ?
Thankfully , Groundhog Day is already taken .
New Year 's Eve is like Woody Allen lite for the masses -LRB- ... -RRB- by never threatening to copy the smut of 50/50 or Bridesmaids , it 's a memory-stirring , warm-hearted breath of fresh air . Even at 117 minutes .
An onslaught of schmaltz , passing off greeting card platitudes as dialogue and repeatedly reminds us the end of one year and the beginning of another is about second chances , hope and forgiveness .
All human life is here in predictably two-dimensional form , ready to confront 2012 with a brave face , a throbbing heart and a head unclouded by economic worries .
As Winston Churchill might have said , never have so many done so little for so many with such dreary results
With so much talent on the screen , it 's an opportunity wasted - fewer , more meaningful stories might have worked better
Forget counting down from 10 as the ball drops in Times Square ; here instead is a countdown of the 10 key points in New Year 's Eve , which proves to be even tougher to take than director Garry Marshall 's previous all-star holiday romp , Valentine 's Day .
I think I read about this somewhere in the Book of Revelations -LRB- ya know , somewhere between forty years of darkness , and the dead walking the Earth -RRB- .
Quick -- somebody help me stage an intervention for director Garry Marshall .
To keep it short and sweet : the movie is messier than Times Square at 3 a.m. on January 1st .
New Year 's Eve feels like a film made by an entire cast and crew that has never actually celebrated New Year 's Eve .
... while generally uninvolving , it 's a nice , moral , family-oriented film , better than sitting through many of the others that are out there right now .
The cinematic equivalent of a glass of flat champagne .
New Year 's Eve actually has more in common with the day that proceeds the alcohol-soaked holiday ... it 's the kind of experience that will leave you nauseated , give you a splitting headache and cause you to curl up on a couch in the fetal position .
New Year 's Eve is a perfect example of why the adjective `` Hollywood '' is so often used as a pejorative .
A big dumb mess .
The only entertaining way to watch New Year 's Eve is as a cruel experiment in which performers stranded with absolutely no script support are forced to subsist on pure presence , which quickly becomes a blood sport in which only a few survive .
When a cameo by Matthew Broderick is just a set-up to name his character `` Buellerton '' it 's time to ring in the New Year and call it a night .
Rivals Gigli as one of the most cringe-inducing , asinine and silly romcoms in quite some time . Save yourself the torture and just rent Love Actually instead .
It 's all edited with a Cuisinart , such that when a character you last saw 20 minutes ago -LRB- the movie 's an excruciating two hours -RRB- pops up again , you have to remind yourself who they are .
Written on the level of a bad episode of The Love Boat , this is one of those concoctions that intertwines about 10 storylines and then concludes with a cherry on top .
The only thing that can inspire more cynicism than a holiday 's coerced emotions may be a film that both exploits and celebrates said emotions .
NYE , the # 1 reason I hate you is because I 'm going to look like a total a ** hole when I have to admit to my mother that yes , I saw you , and I thought you were terrible .
Shallow , star-studded romcom has some drinking , swearing .
Shameless , would-be holiday heartwarmer ... a commercial conglomerate of star-ridden sound bytes
It 's all perfectly pleasant and perfectly harmless and perfectly bland .
Not much to celebrate in dull ` New Year 's Day '
So garish and manipulative that it does n't really qualify as a film -- it 's a product , no more an actual movie than a Hallmark card is a piece of poetry .
To say `` New Year 's Eve '' is cheesy is an understatement . Love struck people running around and trying to have a good time . But that is also what makes the film fun .
Should auld acquaintance be forgot ? I do n't know , but `` New Year 's Eve '' sure should be .
The worst sin of ` New Year 's Eve ' is the insulating presentation of New Year 's Eve in the Big Apple . Hopefully , no one thinks New Year 's Eve in New York City is this boring , clichéd and common .
One can only hope that enough viewers make a resolution not to support cinematic flotsam like this -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
The band abandoned Bon Jovi and let him make this movie on his own , showing Richie Sambora has higher standards than Robert DeNiro .
This is a movie where Zac Efron teaches Michelle Pfeiffer to say yes to life . This is a movie where Zac Efron is a real chill bro who can inspire people to say yes to life .
There 's so much wrong here , it 's difficult to condense it all into one review .
Not one of the characters ever behaves in a normal human manner , nor is even one of the stories compelling , funny , or interesting .
Like Marshall 's last ensemble piece , Valentine 's Day , New Year 's Eve is strictly by the numbers , a generic exercise in empty momentum .
It 's relentlessly plastic , a mannequin parade . No one talks , thinks , or acts like this , except in movies , and you do n't believe -LRB- or care about -RRB- a single solitary second of it .
This New Year 's Eve leaves you feeling like you 've got no one to kiss at midnight .
It 's not fun , it 's not funny , it 's not realistic . It 's beyond boring .
None of the marquee names come off particularly well here , so it 's more a matter of figuring out who embarrasses themselves the most .
Another year , another holiday , another opportunity for Garry Marshall to turn all the innovation of Robert Altman and P.T. Anderson and the like into dreary , commercial crap .
New Year 's Eve is like a live-action postcard or advertisement for New York City .
Like `` The Love Boat , '' this is stories about love featuring a lot of big stars and with depth that can only be measured with micrometers - and Sofia Vergara as Charo .
It is so bad that if Chechnya President Ramzan Kadyrov ever sees it , he will make a statement that begins `` Had I known about this film at the time ... ''
Sags when it should shimmer , labors clunkily when it should glide and - most unforgivably - plops some otherwise attractive and even talented actors into roles that are completely outside their physical and psychic comfort zone .
A soul-sucking monument to Hollywood greed and saccharine holiday culture .
We hope that somewhere amid the streamers and popping champagne corks director Marshall is making a resolution to stop making these movies .
This is one of those unusual films that 's more boring than life .
An even lazier , even dumber re-hash of Valentine 's Day - a movie that was already very lazy and dumb to begin with .
Despite having amassed a roster of roughly thirty bonafide film stars and respected character actors , New Year 's Eve is nothing more than a glorified cameo carousel , and a laughably schmaltzy , punishingly dull one at that .
Those who pay for this film should add `` do n't get suckered into seeing bad movies '' to their list of New Year 's resolutions .
The problem is that the characters would have to be fleshed out to be considered stick figures ... it 's the biggest waste of talented people since the last Oscar telecast .
There 's little sorcery capable of loosening Marshall 's directorial death grip , which always manages to squeeze intriguing emotional disturbances and crucial acts of longing into a glop of unflavored cinematic pudding .
If you are surprised by anything in this movie , you need to see more movies .
-LSB- Rating Updated 12/31/15 -RSB- It may be cornball in spots and pedestrian in others , but it is pure cinematic comfort food that works wonders for the last day of the year . It 's fun in spite of its -LRB- many -RRB- problems .
I tell ya , I have n't heard this much talk about ball-dropping since the junior high locker room .
What can be said about a movie that is nice and awful ? That has a warm spirit and is 100 percent phony ? That has all the stars in the galaxy and all the appeal of rotting fish ?
In spite of the multi character element , New Year 's Eve has virtually no discernible plot to speak of - just a mélange of badly scripted schmaltz that meanders back and forth with no real care .
The message of the picture , delivered with the sincerity of an unsolicited email from Nigeria , is that everyone deserves a second chance and forgiveness - even , presumably , Ashton Kutcher .
The screenplay is n't written so much as assembled in carefully slotted little blocks , following the rules of a screenwriting textbook .
-LSB- A -RSB- multi-stranded , over-earnest piece of schlock full of puddle-deep morality , product placement and zero laughs .
The film is like one of those Robert Altman big-canvas movies minus the inspiration .
The film is intended to be a romantic comedy . But its flat direction , stock punch lines , insipid musical numbers and suffocating swarm of characters make it horrifying .
Why bother with a new title ? New Year 's Eve is simply 2010 's Valentine 's Day all over again , and it 's about as appealing as a flute of cheap Champagne left over from the last holiday .
It uses its titular holiday as a ruthless star delivery system in which a menagerie of assembled celebs sprints through a collection of interconnected narrative threads that briskly accelerate from alleged comedy to syrupy sentimentality .
As if the film were n't chock full of cliches already , it rolls out to ` Raise Your Glass . ' If I 'd had one , I would have thrown it .
You have to worry when a film 's musical medley finale is far more entertaining than what you 've just sat through .
Most depressingly of all there is Robert de Niro , playing a sick old guy in hospital who wants to see the ball drop one more time . I would like to see it drop on Garry Marshall 's head .
Same crap , different day .
The movie plays like a time warp to 1951 . The opening shot of the movie is a horse and buggy . Jon Bon Jovi plays pop music 's hottest superstar . You half expect the actors to pass a kissing booth or an organ grinder with a leashed monkey .
Another lavish helping of clichés , cameos and implausibly interweaving love stories . Fine if you 're a fan of Valentine 's Day , but Marshall 's multi-star champagne cocktail is all bubbles and no booze .
This is more of a clown car than it is a movie .
safe , palatable , homogenized entertainment
New Year 's Eve is appalling stuff , a poorly constructed , sentimental sham .
`` New Year 's Eve '' is fun in the way that eating at a buffet is fun . It 's two hours of foods that have nothing to do with each other piled high on a plate because it was too cheap to resist .
Make it your New Year 's resolution to see something other than `` New Year 's Eve . ''
It 's timely , festive , star-studded treacle .
Director Garry Marshall follows last year 's Valentine 's Day with New Year 's Eve where an all-star cast lines up to collect paychecks - at our expense !
The sanitized setting and sappy script are so littered with cardboard characters and crass product placements that you 'll mourn for the muggers and porno theaters that De Niro cursed in `` Taxi Driver . ''
It 's fair to say that Marshall dropped the ball with this one , too .
An inferior retread of Marshall 's equally contrived `` Valentine 's Day , '' only dressed up with coats and confetti .
Nothing wrong with an unashamedly sentimental holiday flick , but there 's no excuse for these nails-on-a-chalkboard characters and manipulative heartstring yanking .
The combination of cheap humor and sappy sentiment is all too pat , and ... the characters are so cardboard that to call them stock sitcom types would be an insult to situation comedy .
Neither nicely written , nor nicely acted nor nicely made .
Even if there are people in `` New Year 's Eve '' you 're looking forward to seeing , you do n't want to see them in this .
Marshall 's direction imbues the film with the sweetness of a raw onion .
Perhaps at some point in the future , a great movie will feature the line , ` Ladies , may the best va-jay-jay win ! '
New Year 's Eve is still laugh-out-loud funny in places and tries to be heartwarming .
New Year 's Eve is not unbearable . It 's not bad , but it 's not good , either .
Marshall knows a certain kind of comedy , but his technique has a way of pitting performers squarely against their own material .
A movie I often found myself laughing at in ridicule , and one that also gave me a lump in the throat . So I guess you could say I had a good time .
The stories and filmmaking overdose on ill-conceived schmaltz .
It has plenty of plastic heart , but it 'd be hard to imagine a film that took fewer chances , or more dogged pride in playing it safe .
Like the stroke of midnight , `` New Year 's Eve '' disappears almost instantly , leaving little behind but limp streamers and the sense that , surely , there was a better party going on somewhere else .
How is it possible to assemble more than two dozen stars in a movie and find nothing interesting for any of them to do ?
It 's as though Marshall and writer Katherine Fugate gathered together all the subplots from films that never got made or were left on the cutting-room floor - and sticky-taped them together end on end to create this horror of a holiday centipede .
Though you 're expecting the predictable ending , the finale , and what goes on before it , feels phoney and contrived , while a vulgar mean streak throughout only further puts you off .
Overstuffed with half-formed ideas that go nowhere .
Many of the individual segments are too mundane , contrived and bland even for an episode of The Love Boat .
The half-hearted presence of these actors is the ultimate metaphor for the current tragedy facing the creative class .
Marshall sticks to his rose-colored principles : You got ta have hope , listen to your heart and take leaps of faith . Plus a new one : Sarah Jessica Parker should never make it through a movie without at least one pair of fabulous shoes .
It 's basically Love Actually without the , erm , wit , pathos , humanity , humour and modest wage bill of Richard Curtis ' seasonal luvvie-in .
Disappointing , cynically contrived and desperately unfunny ensemble romcom that falls painfully flat thanks to dull characters , an irritating script and some deeply misguided mawkish sentimentality that 's unintentionally the funniest thing in the film .
It is the cinematic equivalent of a greeting card : Both the sentiment and the laughs are plentiful , cheap and forgettable .
This is repeat business for the filmmakers of Valentine 's Day , except that this charmless party of a movie -LRB- and movie of a party -RRB- has larger cast and is even more schmaltzy than the first picture .
It would be a step in the right direction if New Year 's Eve could aspire to be phony and manipulative . It fails to rise to even that level of incompetence , and it 's happy with its stupidity .
Yet another Garry Marshall mix-and-match mash-up of movie stars , holiday bromides and a laugh-free - even laugh-retardant - script by Katherine Fugate .
Lately Garry Marshall has shown a certain genius for turning miserable holidays into terrible movies .
Though the screenplay is inane , New Year 's Eve coasts on the easy charm of its stars ... There 's an inherent pleasure in seeing Saturday Night Live 's Meyers go head to head with Inglourious Basterd Schweiger , just because it 's so very strange .
Offering around a dozen barely there , aggressively agreeable mini-stories spliced together and spit out with lawnmower-style eloquence , the film is pushed to punishing lengths by the engorged cast list .
The result proves to be as appealing and effervescent as a flute of flat champagne .
This is a party you ca n't wait to be over .
If there is some kind of world record for schmaltz , this may have set it .
Mayans might have predicted the end of the world in 2012 , but could they have known that the countdown to eternal hellfire would begin with Garry Marshall 's New Year 's Eve ?
A New Year 's toast as sentimental as singing Auld Lang Syne !



@highlight

Shallow , sappy , and dull , New Year 's Eve assembles a star-studded cast for no discernible purpose .