Exiled veers on the pretentious ... but the whole thing has such a humor about itself that it 's hard to carp about it .
An electric , inventive amalgam of gonzo violence and lyrical sentimentality .
Johnny To 's direction is as smooth as a well-cut suit and the violence has a balletic intensity .
A simmering pot of blood and yucks , accented with guitar and harmonica on the soundtrack .
Less a movie than a phantasmagorical dream synthesised from Sergio Leone and Sam Peckinpah .
The finale is a slow-motion tour de force that blends style , elegance and nuance of character in showers of blood .
A brilliant reminder of the glory days of Heroic Bloodshed ... call it a flashback , a comeback , or the end of an era ; all I know is that I want to see it again .
It 's a fantasy of a crime epic , to be sure , but it 's a glorious fantasy in which the unspoken bonds of brotherhood bathe every shootout and sacrifice in the light of myth .
... possibly the best work the prolific filmmaker has done . In addition to the masterful blend of humor and action ... Exiled is the most beautifully shot movie so far this year .
It looks slick , but without a little more steak beneath that sizzle , the pretense becomes intolerable .
Exiled is creative and bizarre , maybe too bizarre , but since most action films adhere to a cookie-cutter formula , its quirkiness is most welcome .
To packs the moments of contemplation with as much suspense as the action sequences and is a master of ratcheting up tension through small details .
To is doing exquisite and exciting work at a mind-boggling rate .
Johnnie To , the director , is highly respected in this genre , and I suppose he does it about as well as you 'd want it to be done , unless you wanted acting and more coherence .
This 2006 Hong Kong-produced gangster film by director Johnnie To , set in Macao , is an entertaining product that presents a powerful artistic vision .
Heroic redemption succeeding where several thousand rounds of 9 mm ammo fail , Exiled makes a mark with the last stand of pals doomed by fate and the changing hands of time .
The rest of the film ca n't possibly sustain the energy of the opening moments , but director To makes up for it with many beautifully understated scenes and performances .
It 's style over substance to be sure , but damn if it is n't a really cool style .
Even those wary of -LSB- director -RSB- To 's eastern/western ethos can not help but admire the stern panache of the best sequences .
This flamboyant , Peckinpah-ish ode to male bonding has a melancholy , fin de siècle splendor .
Nothing but a series of repetitive gunfights and bad conversations .
It just was n't enough . I 've seen these kinds of moments before -LRB- many of them in some of the director 's better films -RRB- and I hardly ever felt my blood pressure rise above room temperature watching this one uncork its ample supplies of ammunition .
An intriguing setting and several witty , inventive directorial touches raise this above the average Hong Kong gangster thriller .
It 's a boozy , weekend-bender of an action flick , lovely to look at and perhaps just a little bit silly .
... there 's nothing predictable about the film .
For anyone bored silly by the formulaic drivel churned out by the studios , Exiled is like a blast of cinematic adrenaline .
Exiled is a grabber from start to finish that should win new fans for cult-favorite To .
The Macao settings are beautifully rendered , and the dark humor is often very funny .
What 's undeniable is that Johnnie To has , at long last , emerged as the equal of his very best contemporaries , no longer simply one of Hong Kong 's most prolific filmmakers but one of its finest .
This tale of childhood buddies turned hit men is the kind of film where flames roar , waves crash and dropped bullets thud like bowling balls .
Johnny To highlights the visceral mood , rather than the plot or the characters
I 'd put -LSB- Johnnie -RSB- To 's Exiled into the category of Hong Kong movies that even people who think they do n't care about Hong Kong movies should see .
... mixes brave deadpan sometimes comic crooks , comically cowardly cops , stolid laconic camaraderie , expected violence and a chivalric resolution .
-LSB- A -RSB- high concept fusion of gunplay and road trip camaraderie .
Ballet-like bloodsport reminiscent of the eye-pleasing , if gratuitous , gore of such over-stimulation mavens as John Woo and Sam Peckinpah . Taut testosterone-sodden titillation , if graphic gunplay 's your pleasure .
One of those wearisome Hong Kong action movies where characters engage in Mexican standoffs not so much to ratchet up excitement or generate tension but rather to look cool for as long as possible .
Self-aware episodes of unpredictable fortune and fatality . Add to that mirthful fantasy . You will not get hurt watching this film .
If it were n't for those pesky subtitles , you 'd swear it was the best summer action film of the year .
Johnny To has struck a fine balance between theme exploration , artistry , and action , giving us a movie to appreciate and think about , in addition to getting adrenalin flowing .
If you 've never seen a Johnnie To crime picture , Exiled is a simple , stylish , and utterly delightful introduction .
An acquired taste with its quirky camaraderie and forced humor .
A great opportunity to find out why fans value -LSB- To 's -RSB- work so highly .
It has about it the feeling of a Sergio Leone spaghetti western .
offers no decent characters , crawls along and often does n't make sense - it 's simply a mechanism to deliver a gun battle every 20 minutes . Those shootouts are good , just not good enough to stop you looking at your watch .
A much better showcase for his talents
What 's Cantonese for `` badass '' ? It fits adjectivally with this very enjoyable action thriller with a bracing touch of political satire , from Johnny To
An ultra-violent riff on Western genre conventions by way of the East , the film adds little new to To 's efficiently bloody oeuvre , but it 's great fun .
Stylish tough guy mayhem that looks great but drags its feet going nowhere new . Election still gets the vote for Johnny To 's best film .
Saved by set-piece action .
With not enough balls to be fun , and not enough brain to be cerebral , there 's not much going on behind those pained Western expressions to entertain .
a moody crime drama that doubles as a revolutionary political allegory - ringing the changes on China 's evolving reunification even as it longs for a future that will return to the noblest values of the past .
It 's cool , thematically involving , knowing and sustained in its tension . Are you watching , Michael Mann ?
... Exiled is compromised by the feeling one gets that Johnnie To has been watching too many westerns . Like in a Sergio Leone movie , all the characters try to strike iconic poses , clad with shades , munching on cigars , tilted gun in hand .
While certainly an entertaining enough romp through the world of bullet-defying tough guys , the movie could use perhaps 10 % more action or 15 % less chit-chat .
Exiled is compromised by the feeling one gets that Johnnie To has been watching too many westerns .
Johnnie To 's Exiled is a flabbergasting spectacle of kaleidoscopic violence that abstractly appraises codes of masculine honor .
... heavy on style but disappointingly low on substance .
I keep waiting for the bottom to fall out of the Johnnie To Express , but his films just keep getting tauter , more economic , and flat-out better .
A terrific ensemble gangster movie with dark humor amid tragic circumstances .






@highlight

Exiled has non-stop action , tension and style -- making it an excellent summer action movie . Johnnie To brings beautiful scenery and camerawork to the film , enhancing the action even more .