Its Inception-inspiring premise of a young woman who can expertly dive into other people 's dreams fully exploits the fluid , plastic capacities of animation to realise an ever-shifting , unstable world ruled by arbitrariness and id
Yes , Paprika is a masterpiece . The animation medium lends itself so perfectly to dream capers that it 's no wonder Kon 's final film is regarded a perfect marriage of form and subject .
Paprika has the curious effect of making you feel strangely happy afterwards , as if some internal load you had n't even realized you were carrying is suddenly lifted . It sings . Go see it , even if it 's not your birthday , you might feel like it is .
Reality and fantasy leak into each other in short-circuiting jolts in Kon 's cosmos
Though it 's not quite up there with the cream of anime feature films , Paprika is a distinctive , quality addition to the genre .
Plays like the end and the beginning of Japanese cinema : it contradicts itself and contains multitudes .
The animation shows brilliant imagination by the filmmakers .
Its visual collision of mindscapes , films within films and dreams within dreams cascade into a dizzying rush that easily washes away the humdrum dialogue and somewhat sketchy plot .
Paprika fills me with such overwhelming enthusiasm as to leave me gibbering .
Solely as a magical mystery tour of sights , sounds and surrealism , however , it 's a unique animated blast to the senses .
Offers both eye candy and mind candy -- it 's a thoughtful visual treat .
Watching anime is like hearing a foreign language in which you are fluent but not native : However much you believe you understand , you can never be sure you totally get it .
With a conventional invade-dreams/bend-reality plot , it 's a bit of a bore .
Manages to create a comfort zone for both Tarzan and Freud .
Simply the most refreshing piece of cinema I 've seen this year .
Paprika , while certainly not suitable for kids , manages to capture the childlike , helter-skelter chaos and curiosity of the human mind better than any other animated film .
Kon is a spectacular filmmaker , although not quite of the same warm , humanistic nature as Hayao Miyazaki .
Paprika stays in your mind as pure freedom and pure exhilaration .
PAPRIKA adds quite a dash of spice to the anime genre and offers a fun ride .
Visually fantastic , logically flawed and incredibly dull . Just like your friend 's dreams .
The mostly 2-D animation is top-notch quality , and it is a fascinating idea .
You could sit through the film two or three times to nail down the details of the story , but the film is n't interesting enough to warrant a second look .
Some have suggested that taking drugs first would enhance the experience , but really , I do n't see how hallucinogens could make the movie any weirder than it is .
Just go with it , drink in the rich and innovative images , and wish that you could remember your own dreams as well as you 'll remember `` Paprika . ''
This is how post-modernism should always behave : like an acid trip narrated by Derrida .
Kon signe son effort le plus ambitieux à ce jour et rejoint les Katsuhiro ` tomo et Hayao Miyazaki dans les rangs des cinéastes d'animation les plus importants de son époque
Paprika probably wo n't win many converts to anime , but the faithful should be satisfied .
If an animated scattershot clusterfuck tweaking under the influence of a determinedly Japanese mindset sounds like a good way to substitute a cinematic drug experience for the real thing , then go right ahead to Satoshi Kon 's overflowing excess .
A film that should appeal to more than just devoted fanboys .
Is it sci-fi ? Fantasy ? Idiocy ? Mostly it 's a droning mess -- pretty to look at but confounding to the point where you just do n't care any more .
Especially for fans who understand how movies are put together , Paprika grabs you from the get-go in a series of flowing images and transitions that follow the skewed logic of a dream , jumping from a three-ring circus to a swinging jungle vine .
The standard stuff of B-movies comes to life under Kon 's playful imagination .
As a purely sensory experience Paprika is a spicy dish , but one that does n't deliver much nourishment for the mind .
Does n't do much to free itself from the trappings of the anime genre , which one supposes is n't necessarily a bad thing for actual anime fans . But for the rest of us ? That 's more nightmare than dream come true .
Paprika offers a breathtakingly surreal journey . It 's a film that may serve up mass destruction and ponder some nightmarish scenarios , but underneath it has a warm humanity and humor that 's utterly endearing .
As a showcase of the limitless power of the imagination , Paprika never fails to delight the eye and engage the mind . We are never sure exactly whom we should be cheering for , or even if we 're rooting for real characters or their avatars .
A relentlessly hallucinatory experience that only just manages to leave a dozen or so left-brain cells intact , enough to more-or-less support a plot .
We 're so used to current cautious commercial formulas , it comes as an enjoyable shock to see something like Satoshi Kon 's Japanese film , Paprika , which reminds us that with animation , almost anything you can imagine can be represented .
This one jacks you into cyberspace , involving you psychically and physically .
The movie bombards us with so many overlapping fantasies , it 's hard -- and in many ways , beside the point -- to keep up with the plot . It 's best appreciated by assuming something of a dream state ourselves and enjoying the giddy flow .
What keeps the picture percolating is the stream of hallucinatory images , both nightmarish and oddly alluring , that Kon conjures .
This is without question a unique and superior achievement .
My advice ? Enter your own dream state , and surrender your brain .
... the experience is as beautifully baffling as any that you 'll have wide awake .
-LSB- A -RSB- dizzying , ambitious excursion into the subconscious .
Kon rarely cares about the stagnant old real world that his films so frequently transcend . His characters fuss endlessly about fantasy 's gripping , consuming power , but he himself seems blissfully unconcerned with where his gorgeous illusions take them .
The movie keeps flooding us with strange , scary imagery .
Paprika tries to do too much and does n't do any of it especially well .
Despite the jumble , Kon 's eye-popping , surreal mastery of the Japanese dream is awakening .
Style 10 , substance , maybe 2 .
A spectacular experience , full of bizarre , frightening and beautiful dream logic .
An animated fever dream sure to haunt long after the lights have come up .
All I can say about Paprika ... is : Whoa ! And , I mean that in a good way , a very good way .
Paprika is a fertile delta of forms and colors , wildly inventive , shape-shifting , jiggly with fat jokes .
You stagger out of this one both grateful and ready for a deep and dreamless nap .
That the supposed bad guys are actually intent in preserving the sanctity of dreams adds to the disorienting exhilaration of Kon 's best work yet .
For an alternate set of exciting alter egos , see Satoshi Kon 's Paprika , a brilliant anime feature .
... a distinctive experience .
Kon marries visual dazzle to unblinking pop existentialism in ways that make viewers ' heads hurt so good .
-LSB- Satoshi -RSB- Kon mixes visual beauty with disorienting perspectives for a cautionary tale about machine-influenced soullessness and the persistent Japanese popular love of the cute .
Paprika is for dyed-in-the-wool anime fans only . Others will likely see it for what it is -- a pretentious piece of animated nonsense .
Paprika is yet another incoherent anime that 's more interested in its warmed over visuals than in indulging in any kind of storytelling or character work .
If less thematically dazzling than Millennium Actress , it 's suffused with a giddy sense of the seething , mutable landscape of the mind .
The anything-goes dream logic is confusing , and the question of why , late in the game , the nighttime fantasies start becoming real , is left mostly unexplained .
I ca n't claim to have followed the story line of Paprika any better than I did Pirates of the Caribbean , but this mind-blowing , adult animated adventure from Japan is half the length and maybe five times as much fun .
Whatever it is you 're looking for -- comedy , horror , parades of singing frogs and dancing kitchen appliances -- you 'll find it in Satoshi Kon 's anime adventure , a jaw-dropping feat of imagination .
The latest eye-popping and surreal anime from Satoshi Kon -LRB- Tokyo Godfathers -RRB- .
The über-dream is both gorgeously animated , in Kon 's shimmering , hyperreal style , and sickeningly scary .
A slick , accessible and thoroughly entertaining piece of Japanese anime .
The animated blast of the summer - a rowdy , racy , brilliantly executed sci-fi psychedelic head trip that may just blow you away .
In Paprika , a gorgeous riot of future-shock ideas and brightly animated imagery , the doors of perception never close .
Fiercely provocative , Paprika shames Hollywood 's use of animation as a kiddie pacifier .
Sit back and enjoy the detail-rich visuals while appreciating the unfettered imagination at work in constructing them .
As anime goes , it 's not the most freakish of entries , but it 's one of the more surprising and scintillating .
As Valentines to the power of cinema , big dreams and the inner child go , it does n't get much more exhilarating than this .
Smart , electrifying , and proudly unhinged , this Japanimated gem definitely belongs in the fold , and might even win over a few older art-house patrons with its very adult , transhumanist premise of interactive dream therapy run amok .
Paprika expands your notion of what animation can achieve . You wake from it as if from a dream : spooked , provoked and exhilarated .
Could -LSB- director Satoshi -RSB- Kon 's fanciful cure for the blockbuster blues have come along at a better time ?
Satoshi Kon 's glorious visuals are the driving force of a rather strange and surreal sci-fi experience that 's often hard to follow .
Soulless characters in remarkably flat animation talking epistemological gobbledegook among watered-down psychedelia .
A masterly example of Japanese anime , intended for adults .
Overflowing with dazzling images , many of which walk that thin line between beautiful and terrifying .
While the story may make this Kon 's least inspired film , the animation is his most inspired .
-LSB- An -RSB- above-average Japanese anime sci-fi pic .
An intelligently written piece that only falters during the finale , where Kon sacrifices the film 's logic for an explosive ending .
The idea of cinema as irrepressible bogeyman might be Kon 's own confession .
Becomes far more enthralling ... the more one simply surrenders to the awe-inspiring beauty of Kon 's images of flesh , metal and unhinged mental delusions .



@highlight

Following its own brand of logic , Paprika is an eye-opening mind trip that is difficult to follow but never fails to dazzle .