The performances all round have a slightly improvised vibe , with Lynskey and Girls creator Lena Dunham -LRB- as an old friend of Jenny 's -RRB- especially finding the groove where a little roughness around the edges only serves to enhance the charm .
Whether or not realism is your `` thing , '' Happy Christmas still serves as a great palate-cleanser in the midst of summer 's usual set of explosions , superheroes ... and space raccoons .
If you 're looking for a movie with complex female characters exploring female friendship -- and of course you are ! -- Happy Christmas is definitely worth seeing .
Swanberg 's let-the-camera-run aesthetic can go either way - towards self-indulgence , or overheard , naturalistic candor . Thanks in no small part to the considerable gifts of his cast , ` Happy Christmas ' goes the right way .
Anna Kendrick as a floundering , career-clueless , alcoholic , irresponsible moocher ? Just no . She manages to make it work , sort of . Kendrick 's magnetic , whatever she attempts .
Swanberg has become the foremost chronicler of a generation 's belly-button lint without once having demonstrated even the slightest interest in learning how to make a movie .
Two-year-old Jude Swanberg -- a ham as chubby as a sausage -- deserves at least a few Best Supporting Actor votes .
The writing and acting are solid . It is n't a particularly ambitious or groundbreaking film , but it is fun . It is nice to see Anna Kendrick turn it loose in this movie .
Swanberg 's naturalistic , improvised style lets the conflict come about organically , repeatedly putting the characters in situations to which they could react with clichés but instead go with something more empathetic and nuanced .
Endearing comedy-drama about the difficulties young adults have of maturing .
Happy Christmas is watchable throughout , but to say it 's worth the journey is another matter .
The actors are likable and smart , imbuing the movie with tension derived from real-life experiences .
Genuine concept , realistic characters , and yet unsatisfying . It 's as if Happy Christmas is n't able to blend a fictional reality with entertainment properly , which results in a film that fails to fully entice the viewer .
A good test of a movie like this is whether it would be more or less stimulating to hang out with people you really know for 82 minutes . If `` Happy Christmas '' is the time better spent , it might be time to find a new crowd .
The performances are so believable , and there 's such warmth , that you 're likely to leave the cinema with a smile and a nod to Swanberg for daring to make such good drama out of simple everyday scenarios .
This semi-improvised indie accomplishes its modest goal , which is to explore the way a vexing relationship between in-laws can yield unexpected personal growth and warm bonds of affection .
I suppose it 's because his father in this movie is played by his father , but I 've never seen a better performance -- or whatever you want to call it -- from a two-year-old .
In many ways it 's a minor film , but it has some insight ...
Well-acted holiday dramedy has drinking , mature themes .
The script does n't just leave things unsaid but unnoticed , and the film 's conclusion is n't much more than a half-hearted well , yeah , whatever .
As usual with Swanberg 's films , the performances are both natural and dynamic , validating his improvisational approach .
A slightly above average example of a kind of movie - and of a trend within movies - that needs to be encouraged .
A quiet , serious comedy about marriage , parenthood and the everyday strains of bringing up a rambunctious toddler while struggling to sustain a creative life .
If the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences decides to add an Oscar category called Best Performance by a Toddler in an Indie Film Directed by His Own Father , Jude Swanberg would easily smoke any precocious competition .
It 's not always pretty , and it 's not always exciting , but you genuinely do n't know from one moment to the next how these characters will behave .
`` Happy Christmas '' is a lovely example of an undeniably valuable genre .
When a 2-year-old walks off with a film , it 's a sign the adults could have used some higher stakes .
It 's more of a highly detailed sketch than anything else : a portrait of a woman on the cusp of growing up .
Mr. Swanberg is not a total amateur , but he is called `` a doodler '' for obvious reasons , all of them on red alert here .
Swanberg is good at futzing with our moment-to-moment expectations , but he ca n't shape all these well-acted scenes into a satisfying whole .
A subtle , witty , wise and deeply compassionate American movie .
The movie is packed with minor incidents , all fresh , compelling , and funny .
Joe Swanberg 's films have grown into a reliable relief from the competitive , dehumanizing freneticism of much of American culture , marked as they are by an affirming and understated sense of decency .
An enervating and voyeuristic snapshot of familial discontentment .
The two leads have great chemistry together as respective sisters-in-law , and their shared arc is funny and strong . Happy Christmas is worth checking out , if only for Kendrick and Lynskey .
Happy Christmas is a jaunty domestic dramedy that covers some of the same territory as Neighbors under one roof , with characters who are smart , funny , endearing and unpredictable rather than boorish and silly .
Joe Swanberg 's ` Happy Christmas ' could benefit from a good script .
... both funny and honest in the way it looks at relationships and family dynamics .
`` Happy Christmas '' tries very hard to be cool and relevant . But , in the end , it 's pretty average and never gets to any real point .
It 's a brief visitation with characters whom you grow to like , at a time in their lives that is n't revelatory , but an interesting state of flux . And it has a cute baby saying silly things .
Characters appear to be working out their thoughts as they speak , rather than reciting something they 've already concluded .
Swanberg is smart enough to let female interaction be the driving force behind `` Happy Christmas . ''
Happy Christmas examines , in its shambling way , the challenges facing dual-career couples as they become parents .
All in all , `` Happy Christmas '' is a good deal like cartoon Charlie Brown 's classic tree - scraggly , plenty of heart and much to enjoy , especially if you prefer your presents homemade .
A gently funny ensemble comedy that feels less like a movie than a short story .
Unfortunately , Happy Christmas 's characters and conflicts are generic compared to Drinking Buddies .
`` Happy Christmas '' leans hard on the ensemble 's exploratory attempts at ad hoc dialogue , so that you find yourself providing alternative snatches of banter in your head , just to speed things up a little .
Happy Christmas is a pleasant-enough quick watch that 's easy to digest . And that 's also what makes it somewhat disappointing .
Joe Swanberg 's latest feature is a collection of strong individual scenes and performances that never quite finds its statement of purpose .
-LSB- Swanberg 's -RSB- stance toward his characters seems to be maturing from shrugging acceptance into active sympathy , and his editing is getting sharper as wel
Swanberg has a pleasing command of screen elements and a clear bond with his actors . Happy Christmas is a nice addition to his leisurely but sincere oeuvre .
An appealing comedy filled with authentic everyday life scenes revolving around marriage and siblings .
Sweet and funny and always rings true .
Nobody involved ever came up with an idea or character remotely worth exploring , yet they all forged ahead anyway , placing their faith in the filmmaking process itself , and this damp squib of an ostensible movie is the decidedly lackluster result .
-LSB- T -RSB- he sparky , so-small Kendrick blooms further when called upon a couple of times to speak some really lovely , lilting filth . It 's both funny and jaw-droppingly rich . Oh joy .
Compulsively watchable . Joe Swanberg is a master of the subtlest of dramatic observation , and his films are unlike anything other filmmakers are giving us right now .
From the first frame of Joe Swanberg 's `` Happy Christmas , '' there 's an immediate sense of change afoot .
A dedicated focus on character development pays off with ample humor .
When a filmmaker is able to successfully translate reality to screen , something special happens . Happy Christmas is that uniquely special `` something , '' as Swanberg 's grounded style of filmmaking has never been sharper .
Compact , well-acted , lightly amusing and warm
-LSB- Happy Christmas -RSB- has the ramshackle , slice-of-life , ragged verisimilitude of mumblecore at its best , but fused with a story with actual momentum and unfailingly excellent performances by smartly cast professionals .
There are plenty of laughs , sensational dialogue , and an intimate look into a very familiar family dynamic .
As with the best films from Swanberg and his mumblecore brethren , the joy of Happy Christmas comes from the authenticity of its characters .
Unabashedly a woman-centered film , Happy Christmas presents two devastatingly authentic female characters who may have been roughly outlined by Swanberg but were fully colored in by Lynskey and Kendrick .
As Joe Swanberg matures as a filmmaker , he 's looking at what happens to the Mumblecore generation once they get older .
Another half-formed feature from indie cinema 's most prolific doodler , `` Happy Christmas '' demonstrates that Joe Swanberg makes better babies than movies .
Issues of parenthood , loyalty , substance abuse , and more are touched upon briefly , but at only 78 minutes in length the film does n't attempt too much beyond being a funny , warm-hearted slice of life .
The inexhaustible indie filmmaker might not have struck gold twice in a row , but the silver linings of Happy Christmas are largely engaging , truthful and affecting .
Joe Swanberg 's most mature and satisfying film yet .
Short and slight , but undeniably charming .


@highlight

Intelligent , well-acted , and satisfyingly low-key , Happy Christmas marks another step in prolific filmmaker Joe Swanberg 's creative evolution .