Howard Hawks returned to the material and added a twist that made it all his own : he transformed the love-hate buddy comedy of dirty tricks into a delicious battle of the sexes .
Hawks conducts the intrigue at such a frantic lick - achieving speed by means of overlapping dialogue and manoeuvring the actors within the frame rather than by quick cutting - that we are willingly swept along .
` His Girl Friday ' is more feminist than it even gets credit for .
By switching the main character 's gender and adding romantic sparks , Hawks turned the masterful , raucous Chicago newsroom farce The Front Page into the perfect screwball comedy .
Delivering a parity of belly laughs and social commentary , His Girl Friday is satire of the highest order .
one of the fastest , funniest , and most honestly brutal comedies of the classical Hollywood era
It 's one of the most aggressive comedies of all time , and it earns that aggression by also being one of the most perfect .
It 's a miraculous balancing act from Hawks , who keeps death-row drama bleeding under the movie 's screwball skin to give this frantic battle of the sexes a fiendishly dark sophistication .
Clever , witty and extremely satisfying , this marvellous film is still achingly funny today .
Sassy , screwball classic with a feminist twist .
Have the movies ever talked this quickly , before or since ?
The movie bears reviewing because there 's always something new in the confetti of one-liners , while its depiction of the Fourth Estate remains relevant .
The ultimate lesson of His Girl Friday -- that it 's tougher to manage a marriage than a newspaper -- looks in 2008 like pure nostalgia .
As close to perfection as you could possibly hope for , His Girl Friday is a delirious joy .
Cary Grant 's performance is truly virtuoso -- stunning technique applied to the most challenging material .
It 's exactly the type of craziness that good newspapers thrive on . Stop the presses .
Casting is excellent , with Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell in the top roles .
One of the best screwball comedies , a remake that improves on the source material due to Hawks brilliant idea of changing the protag 's gender thus turning it into a romantic `` newspaper '' film ; Cary Grant , Rosalind Russell , and Ralph Bellamy at their best
O ritmo frenético com que os excelentes diálogos são trocados -LRB- algo inovador para a época -RRB- e o timing cômico impecável de Grant e Russell garantem a permanência deste filme na lista de clássicos inquestionáveis .
A double espresso is needed to keep up with the rapid-fire exchanges of Hawks ' no-holds-barred muckraking comedy .
I 've tried to love His Girl Friday , really I have .
Perhaps the funniest , certainly the fastest talkie comedy ever made .
It 's the energy of `` His Girl Friday '' that grabs you , its heated lines of dialogue that leave you satisfied and spent .
They really do n't make them like this anymore .
Cary Grant as the ruthless fast-talking sharpie newspaper editor gives one of his finest performances .
brilliant
Fast , funny , cynical and -- in its own peculiar way -- romantic , His Girl Friday is one of the all-time great movies .
It takes you by the scruff of the neck in the first reel and it shakes you madly , bellowing hoarsely the . while , for the remaining six or seven . Before it 's over you do n't know whether you have been laughing or having your ears boxed .
Howard Hawks ' superb screwball workplace comedy is one of those classics that manages to convince new viewers of its greatness despite any inflated expectations caused by its sky-high reputation .
The thing I like about Cary Grant in these movies was how utterly sure and pleased with himself he was . His screen characters always knew the working of the world .
The very definition of Screwball Classic .
Howard Hawks ' finest moment .
If sharp wit and rapid-fire comedy is your cup of tea , then His Girl Friday must have a place on your movie menu . It 's great fun from frenetic start to finish .
Perfection and possibly the fastest comedy on record .
His Girl Friday -LRB- 1940 -RRB- is Howard Hawks ' speedy and hysterically funny screwball comedy , and one of the best examples of its kind in film history
Grant is arguably the greatest screen actor of all time , and in this movie , Russell was the closest thing to his equal . They whip irreverent barbs back and forth like expert swordsmen .
... the movie puts Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell into a whirlwind of words .










@highlight

Anchored by stellar performances from Cary Grant and Rosalind Russell , His Girl Friday is a classic screwball romantic comedy .