Every Little Step , like A Chorus Line itself , should prove catnip for any self-respecting , self-flagellating actor-dancer .
The documentary , edited down from some 400 hours , is packed with crowd-pleasing moments .
Like the dancers themselves , this documentary has heart .
The tights and the hairstyles may have changed a lot in 30 years , but the desperation and the elation remain the same .
It 's all up there on the screen in this impassioned , exhilarating documentary . They want to dance for you . It 's what they did for love .
Dedicated theater rats might enjoy it , but it 's too one-dimensional to qualify as a singular sensation .
It says nada about Broadway that has n't been said better many times before .
Broadway fans -- as well as aficionados of A Chorus Line -- should get a kick out of Every Little Step .
A film that 's a bit Chorus Line and a bit American Idol , with hopefuls finding themselves auditioning for the very people who created the landmark show in which they wish to appear .
Feeds our ever-growing need to root for talented performers seeking that proverbial big break .
All the dancers who move towards the final cut are so good that the line between success and failure seems cruelly arbitrary and the disappointment of those who do n't make it is acute . But nobody 's giving up .
A straightforward boosterish movie about the glory of musicals .
We 're left with a deep sense of admiration for those who are prepared to face rejection routinely in pursuit of a dream .
There is something piercingly affecting about this film and it 's mainly to do with how much this particular musical means to the dancers and singers whose lives it represents .
There are still plenty of engrossing aspects to the film , moments in the audition process that demonstrate the complexity of performance .
I was thrilled and moved by Every Little Step , despite the abundance of bad dancing pouring out of reality television these days , because it 's about the real thing , and offers marvellous insights into of the process of creating a Broadway hit .
This fascinating American made documentary tracks a disparate group of dancers trying out for a range of roles in a Broadway revival of the iconic stage musical A Chorus Line .
Just as powerful as the original musical -- keeps you glued to the fascinating and heartbreaking audition process .
Fantastic behind-the-scenes sing/dance documentary which gives much more insight into the audition process than all those TV shows .
An irresistible mix of high drama and intimate stories
A rousing glimpse into the life of a dancer , this involving , moving and thrilling documentary revisits choreographer Michael Bennett 's multi-award winning stage show by brilliantly cross-linking it with auditions for its 2006 New York revival
` God , I hope I get it ! ' sing the characters auditioning for a dance part in ` A Chorus Line ' ; this documentary examines the real-life faces behind that sentiment ...
A riveting documentary from James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo .
The 96-minute running time passes by much too quickly . Instant likability is the best tag for one of the best documentaries of the year .
This is a film about young dancers desperate for a job auditioning for a show about ... young dancers desperate for a job . It 's wonderful .
Filmmakers James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo were deft and clever in the use of cinematic skills for Every Little Step , their new documentary about the musical .
finally , A Chorus Line gets its due in film
Every Little Step is an entrancing exploration of that elusive bit of magic known as `` star power . ''
Every Little Step never rises above being a very good showbiz documentary . But it 's an engaging tribute to a groundbreaking musical .
Every Little Step is a terrific documentary history lesson about how Michael Bennett rounded up a bunch of New York singing , acting dancers , interviewed them and found out what they ` did for love , ' back in January of 1974 .
Every Little Step is on firmer ground with the 2006 revival ; the filmmakers ' great coup was winning the right . . to film the audition process .
You ca n't judge A Chorus Line by its film version ; it 's one of the lousiest movie musicals ever . But you can assess the stage original 's influence by the wonderful new documentary Every Little Step .
It has its moments , but it does n't stand up in sheer substance next to the story of A Chorus Line itself .
Fans of choreographer Michael Bennett 's blockbuster , which broke new ground when it opened in 1975 , will find much to love here .
Every Little Step is an uncommonly tender and observant documentary .
I would bet that if you love the show , you 'll love the movie , too .
They want the recognition we all want , and the film persuades you that almost every one of them deserves it .
Every Little Step is a feat of editing and sound design .
Some of the documentary 's best moments capture the expressions of Avian and his assistants as they are caught unawares by an unexpectedly powerful audition .
It instills an appreciation for the tremendous amount of work and passion that the performers put into their craft .
A bit like watching sausages getting made , but it 's fascinating ... made from the trenches for people who have no idea what casting looks like .
That ultimate vulnerability of putting it all on the line through and for their art ... is the beating heart of Bennett 's work and `` Every Little Step '' 's fine return to it .
For those that have tried repeatedly to watch the wretched 1985 film version of A Chorus Line hoping that maybe this time it somehow magically would n't stink , this is the movie ... for us .
A moving , passionate tribute to determination and heart , whatever you might choose to do in your life .
The exuberant documentary Every Little Step revisits the genesis of the landmark show about the gestation and delivery of a Broadway musical .
The grindingly familiar metrics of reality-TV elimination shows clash with an interesting retrospective documentary in Every Little Step .
Their history of the show , studded with clips from Bennett 's original audiotapes , adds a fascinating subtext : in chronicling Broadway , A Chorus Line changed it forever .
We should be kneeling on concrete to remind ourselves what dues these artists pay .
Stage-struck and sentimental , it shows what these earnest , passionate performers still do for love .
Treats a series of complicated artistic decisions like the season finale of Dancing With the Stars .
... wonderfully entertaining and emotionally genuine ... Every Little Step actually improves on the original .
Do n't be surprised if you , too , shed a tear or two along with the dancers when they are picked for the role of a lifetime . It 's that kind of film . It really gets to you , in a good way .
The film is as much about the creation of the original show back in 1975 and the genius of the late Michael Bennett , who masterminded it , as it is about the newer version .
If you like Broadway , this is a movie you can not miss .
No glitz or highly edited voice-overs gussy up the portrayal of artists who brim with passion and are willing to do anything to pursue their dream .
-LSB- An -RSB- engrossing backstage documentary -- OK , pre-backstage .
I know what to expect . I am going to see some dancers make it , some not make it , and that 's what it is .
I cared enormously about all of these kids auditioning .
Good if shrill fun . Who knew how difficult `` At the Ballet '' was to sing without screeching ?
Life imitates art imitating life in James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo 's heartfelt doc , Every Little Step , tracking the audition process of director Bob Avian 's 2006 Broadway revival of A Chorus Line .
A must-see for fans of the original stage musical A Chorus Line .
... has a ready-made audience in the tens of thousands who saw the many-years running original and for those who are fans of the genre . A well-crafted documentary will interest the documentary film buff , too .
Life imitates art -LRB- art imitates life -RRB- , repetition or recycling : This docu is a loving if not very provocative tribute to the socio-cultural phenom , which has become integral to American culture , eradicating the bad taste left after Attenborough 's film .
Every Little Step is all about repetition , documenting the casting of the 2006 Broadway revival of A Chorus Line , a musical about the casting of a Broadway musical .
Mostly entertaining , lively and occasionally riveting and moving , but its lack of insight and provocative revelations ultimately leave you feeling underwhelmed and unenlightened .
The film is the ultimate reality showcase , the inherent human drama of success and disappointment as thin as the iconic white line drawn across an empty stage floor .
The filmmakers establish the continued potency of the show 's timeless exhortation to follow your dreams and do what you love , no matter the cost .
It 's a ca n't - miss effort that knows how to please .
Like show-business culture itself , A Chorus Line traffics in both cloying sentimentality and Darwinian ruthlessness , qualities that James D. Stern and Adam Del Deo 's highly addictive behind-the-scenes documentary Every Little Step captures in abundance .
Every Little Step shows only this : It hurts to flunk an audition , and it 's nice to get hired . Everything it has to say about Broadway was said better in Bob Fosse 's movie All That Jazz -- in its opening five minutes .
It 's impossible not to get caught up in their struggles . This is the real American Idol , except there 's no packaged tour , no People cover , no guaranteed record-deal on the end -- just the chance to do eight shows a week .
As a piece of cinema , Every Little Step is hardly any great shakes , but as a historical document it 's fascinating and compelling .
In Every Little Step , life imitates art , art reflects life , and the distinctions threaten , quite pleasantly , to blur altogether .
Nail-bitingly engrossing
A briskly self-aware , thoroughly stage-struck portrait ... of a show that itself is a stage-struck theatrical portrait .
Tracing A Chorus Line from its creation in 1974 by Michael Bennett and his dancers to its 2006 Broadway revival , Every Little Step is a thrilling combination of documentary and musical dazzler .
It 's a huge improvement over the Attenborough film ; given the film 's non-fiction roots , it seems poetically apt that a documentary take is much more satisfying and engaging than the Hollywood treatment .
essentially the story of people auditioning for a show about auditions
An all access pass to the intimate behind-the-scenes process of casting and rehearsing the revival of the beloved Broadway musical , `` A Chorus Line . '' If you 're a fan of the show , you 'll love this movie . If you 're not familiar with the show , you 'll be an in
A movie as layered and enthralling as its subject .
Groundbreaking in terms of its in-depth coverage , but also an incredibly moving portrait of a musical that 's as relevant today as it was thirty years ago .
Reality TV has squandered the great impulse toward cultural-political exploration by turning democracy and the documentary into bread and circuses . This tragedy defeats Every Little Step , the first doc to chronicle A Chorus Line 's creation
A singular sensation , filled with behind-the-scenes backstory and archival clips of Bennett himself dancing , gorgeously .
Uber crowd-pleasing ... both candy for confirmed theater nerds , and functioning propaganda for the uninitiated .
I will admit that all of these quibbles came to mind after the movie . While I was watching Every Little Step , I was having a terrific time .
Timeless truths about the lives and personalities of dancers , that dancer/choreographer/director Michael Bennett captured in his hugely successful musical `` A Chorus Line , '' comes across with vibrant energy in an entertaining documentary that follows the au
A fast-paced documentary that captures the angst , joys , and disappointments of the young hopefuls as they try out for a show that mirrors their pursuits .
Superb documentary about the creation , birth and rebirth of American musical phenom A Chorus Line should rouse several generations of fans who will be swept away by nostalgia for a beloved classic and/or the thrilling drama captured here .
An entertaining behind-the-scenes look at the casting process of the Broadway revival of A Chorus Line , Every Little Step turns on two perfectly-executed narrative strategies .
An immensely entertaining documentary about dancers performing in a grueling New York City audition for roles in a revival of A Chorus Line .







@highlight

Fascinating and insightful , Every Little Step is a thoroughly engrossing behind the scenes look at Broadway performers .