It does n't take an ethnography lab to unpack the vested power of a tusk , but perhaps a more rigorous empiricism -LRB- e.g. , Farocki -RRB- , while compromising box-office appeal , could better serve a more enduring agenda .
... more or less derailed by a slavish devotion to a cinematic format that it is not suited to .
Powerful docu shines light on efforts to save elephants .
While it is wonderful to see rangers , conservationists and activists in the documentary trying to fight and expose this terrible crime , you fear it 's a losing battle .
While The Ivory Game 's ambitiously broad look at the illegal ivory trade takes on a bit more than it needs to , it does shed some definite light on a growing global problem .
An extraordinary documentary that gives us hope that the last wild elephants in Africa can be saved from extinction .
A documentary that plays with the gripping pacing and glossy production values of a suspenseful , international thriller .
While more information on the animals and their ecosystems is needed , the stakes described here are immense , as is the sorrow over majestic creatures massacred only so that their tusks can be made into baubles .
The cameras avoid the goriest angles of the mutilated animals , but the horror is amplified as the film moves from the savannas of Kenya and Tanzania to display windows in Hong Kong showcasing carved ivory curios .
Do n't think The Ivory Game is just an all-educational sound-byte-fueled heartstring tug . This thing is feet-on-the-ground investigative journalism .
`` The Ivory Game '' is a searing look at the cost of ivory and the bravery of the men and women who have dedicated themselves to ending the cycle despite resounding apathy from most of the world .
Depicts humankind both at its deplorable worst and at its best .
Granted , advocacy docs tend to be kind of dull , but this one tries way too hard to counteract that perception .
So The Ivory Game is often pushily compelling . If it settled down and trusted viewers , it would stand as a stronger documentary . But this is more a work of activism than journalism .
The you-are-there approach to tackling this subject means that The Ivory Game largely avoids lecturing its viewers ; instead , the harrowing experience speaks for itself .
What is admirable about Ivory Game is that it recognizes the complexity of the issues .
A committed , valuable film .
There are moments when the movie tugs at your heart , but the subject matter , because it 's so epic , deserves an even more probing and definitive treatment .
The first film since John Huston 's `` Roots of Heaven '' that makes you want to support sainthood for the activists trying to end elephant poaching .
Plays like a rapid response team headed straight for your conscience .

@highlight

Hard-hitting and ambitious to a fault , The Ivory Game serves as a fittingly urgent call to action against a looming threat against vulnerable wildlife and a fragile ecosystem .