Just when the film seems to have settled into that particular rubric , it sidesteps into a different bad-dream scenario ... Which is where Side Effects starts getting slippery to a fault , and seriously problematic with it .
Scott Z Burns 's clever screenplay takes a satirical swipe at a yuppie culture in which everyone seems to be on medication . But then it starts working on gripping , more sinister levels .
Although I would 've liked him to go out with something better than Side Effects , it 's fitting that Soderbergh would end with a film that 's superbly shot , directed , and acted , and yet , at some fundamental level , profoundly half-hearted .
A trimly paced thriller that plays with audience expectations and keeps viewers off-balance .
It is , when the end credits roll , a sold , sturdy little mystery - sleek , and more than a little junk-foody .
The script by Scott Z. Burns is deliciously sinuous .
It has `` minor classic '' written all over it .
Where 's Adrian Lyne when you need him ?
A chilling , disturbing portrait of the dangers of the pharmaceutical industry , as well as the evil of deceit .
This movie is n't nearly as smart as it wants to be . It 's the dunce wearing a valedictorian robe .
It 's difficult to escape the impression that the movie is impressed only with its cleverness .
Side Effects delivers a skillfully crafted , yet ultimately pale and shallow , play on well established tropes , rather than anything genuinely new or in any manner deeply felt .
Side Effects is a more than worthy film for anyone to end their career -LRB- well , maybe -RRB- on .
The director is Steven Soderbergh at his coolly mercurial best and in that exciting middle ground between experiment and entertainment , where formal playfulness goes very well with great faces .
If audiences stop trying to unravel the very tangled plot and do n't mind have the carpet pulled from under their feet again and again , they should find plenty here to relish .
Side Effects looks like it 's going to be an expose of America 's prescription-drug addiction issues , before it swerves nicely into thriller territory , and a seemingly minor character becomes the protagonist .
Side Effects is , ultimately , another example of the director 's commitment to fine craftsmanship above any identifiable fingerprint .
This is one of those films where every single line of dialogue has a meaning , then another meaning , and possibly a third as perspectives shift with each new revelation .
Even if you think Soderbergh has screwed up , you 'll probably find the mistakes interesting .
A provocative thriller that offers intelligence and solid surprises until its lame third act .
Once Side Effects gets into its crime story , medication is swept aside by movie nonsense . The storyline goes into tangles that have to be dealt with very rapidly if the audience is not to start laughing .
Performances are generally fine with the glaring exception of a laughably earnest Catherine Zeta Jones -LRB- channelling '90s Demi Moore -RRB- as Emily 's previous therapist .
Side Effects is a twisty pharmaceutical thriller that functions both as an effective drama and a social commentary on America 's rising obsession with prescription drugs .
It suggests Jagged Edge retold in the measured voice of the New Yorker .
... another disappointing misfire from Soderbergh ...
Um experimento de gênero eficiente e que demonstra certa coragem ao puxar o tapete sob as expectativas do público quanto ao tipo de filme que está vendo .
It 's the nuances that lift it into the upper echelon , especially the subtle way it poses questions about our growing dependence on psychopharmaceuticals and the motivations of the doctors who so freely prescribe them .
There 's no lasting surprise , no wonder or `` wow '' factor . Instead , Side Effects is a serviceable suspense effort that owes more than a little to its desire to mimic one of the medium 's masters .
Even when it twists back to Hitchcockland , there 's more than enough lingering spookiness about a culture 's dependence on prescription drugs and psychiatry to wrench Side Effects away from being a mere trickster-tale .
Soderbergh is that rare director who can turn a clunky screenplay into something almost entirely delicious , and with SIDE EFFECTS he does exactly that .
Soderbergh , with the help of some excellent writing by Scott Z. Burns and an outstanding cast , take you to Hitchcock territory .
A masterful double-bluff . What starts as a taut , topical drama about medicated America becomes a classic , twisted neo-noir that sees Soderbergh pushing aside on-the-nose themes in favour of sheer entertainment .
One moment , we 're watching an enthralling exposé of the modern pharmaceutical industry ; the next we 're reeling from some well-timed mystery-thriller shocks . And Soderbergh , aided by a sharp script and superb cast , wrong-foots us all the way .
Ripper psychological mystery-thriller ... prime , sharply directed guessing game stuff full of plot surprises and great left turns .
Courtroom drama , forensic thriller , romantic murder mystery ... It 's as if the prescription for genre side effects is more genres .
At its best , it 's chilling , creepy , strange and intriguing ; at its worst , it 's gorgeous to look at .
A real pill of a movie that packs a serious one-two punch as a detective drama coupled with a cautionary tale about the dangers of trying to pharma-cate our troubles away .
The feature evolves from an icy , haunting tale of depression and abandonment into a squalid , sordid , serpentine Alfred Hitchcock pastiche . That it can glide from these two poles with us barely realising is a testament to Soderbergh 's talent .
A story that plays subtle tricks with our moral allegiances .
An effortlessly slick medical thriller that makes no grand statements or summations beyond being effortlessly artful and entertaining .
If this puzzling , often very enjoyable medical thriller were directed by almost any film-maker other than Steven Soderbergh , you would be tempted to diagnose it with genre identity disorder .
It 's certainly entertaining if you are willing to suspend your disbelief a little .
Another genre exercise for Soderbergh that he has managed to pull off with the help of his Hollywood friends to entertaining , if ultimately rather underwhelming , effect .
An intelligently crafted story , which is briskly paced and highly suspenseful - until a crude and puerile payoff in the third act .
This movie is pure hokum , just as Hitchcock 's great originals are , but you only realise this after - just like all the people in the film - you have been thoroughly hooked and duped yourself .
Thrillers do n't get much more enjoyable than this one , which shifts cleverly from an issue-based drama to an intriguing mystery and finally into riotously camp mayhem .
As Burns ' screenplay takes yet another dark alternate route , our heavily-medicated contemporary society is fearlessly placed under the microscope .
Impressive .
None of the leading characters is heart-warmingly sympathetic , and this enables Soderbergh to put them through hell without making us feel he 's being unnecessarily sadistic .
A very satisfying , entertaining and thought-provoking thriller .
A mischievously enthralling trip ...
A ludicrous thriller disguised as a sociopolitical statement on the US pharmaceutical industry .
What a gripping and disturbing thriller this is . Surely it ca n't be Soderbergh 's last movie . Say it ai n't so .
Opts for raucous frivolity over genuine substance . But it 's great fun while it lasts .
The instability bleeds into the fabric of the film itself , and until the very end , it is thrillingly hard to prise open its puzzle-box lid .
This final -LRB- apparently -RRB- film from Steven Soderbergh presses all the buttons .
A neat little noir , that comes with an added dose of social smack down as Soderbergh takes a swing at Big Pharma and the casual medicalisation of Western culture .
As a thriller in the Hitchcock mould , ` Side Effects ' is great fun : its characters are well acted without being entirely likeable , which makes their jeopardy all the more enjoyable while putting us at a clinical remove .
While it ultimately has less to say than it initially promises , Side Effects is a taut , disciplined thriller that 's consistently and thrillingly a step ahead of its audience , shot through with a current of justified paranoia .
Gripping , stylish and delightfully pulpy .
Like all Soderbergh films , it operates at a level of sophistication , with its cool colour palette , elaborate alliances and double-crosses , and nudges that not everyone may be quite what they seem .
We may lose Soderbergh to painting , theatre and HBO-fuelled TV , and that 's a crying shame . If that 's the case , Side Effects is a great note on which to go out .
Steven Soderbergh 's superb -LRB- and supposedly final -RRB- film offers twists and intrigue in its dark examination of prescription medication .
Soderbergh is less interested in making statements than he is in skillfully fulfilling genre expectations .
Plot twists ? Or lurches between genres ?
The murder mystery has been given a stylish medical makeover
What starts out as an intriguing drama degenerates into a silly thriller during its later stages . The rules of logic do n't seem to apply .
I 'm not a big fan of psychological dramas , but this is an exceptionally good one . It keeps you guessing right up to the end . I 'm not a big fan of Jude Law , either , but he does a good job in this film .
Sleek and stylish yet silly and far-fetched , it dissolves into a cinematic depressant .
Soderbergh is so adept at drawing us into his cinematic web we are not aware that we 've been cocooned for later consumption
At times a trifle too clever for its own good , there are moments that push the bounds of credibility , yet the four leads keep us riveted , their characters becoming entwined inextricably as the exposition changes direction all the while
Soderbergh 's latest -LRB- and possibly last -RRB- proves involving right until the penultimate act
surprisingly complex medical thriller
A multi-layered and expertly-woven thriller .
Side Effects boasts a fine cast , an authentic milieu and a script that flirts with the experimental . But it also underwhelms in the crucial final third .
As smart and stylish as one would expect , but like Soderbergh 's other recent artsy genre essays - ` Haywire , ' ` Contagion ' - its duller than its sources -LRB- in this case , ` Bigger Than Life , ' ` Basic Instinct ' and ` Psycho ' -RRB- .
a slick , entertaining piece of Hollywood genre work that includes just enough twists and tweaks to make it stand out from the parade of similar thrillers
Starting off in one place and ending somewhere else entirely , Soderbergh 's sleek mystery takes pot-shots at Big Pharma while still delivering a polished genre product that 's rarely hard to swallow .
Bold and aggressive and completely sure of itself .
When all 's said and done , it 'll go down as minor Soderbergh - clever sleight-of-hand , really - but it reminds you of so many Soderberghy virtues as to be an oddly compendious pleasure .
I 'm curious to see how the film holds up and changes on a second viewing because there is a lot at work here .
Side Effects sports two very strong performances from Law and Mara , and Soderbergh 's direction is lean and efficient . If only the final act were as muscular and sure-footed as the rest of the movie .
The acting is good and the plot is intense ; if you work hard you will find some entertainment .
No spoilers : Side Effects is damn good at being a movie .
As surprises and weirdnesses and lurid plot points create a landscape of miniature explosions , Soderbergh retains control over the simultaneously bleak , moody , goofy , serious and un-serious momentum .
A crafty teaser that presents itself as one kind of film before gradually evolving into another kind altogether . I , for one , enjoyed both enormously .
Hitch used illogic , but he never plummeted into hokum as Side Effects does .
It 's a film tailor-made for this cynical pill popping age .
Every new Soderbergh film , even the failures , is a gift for viewers who love movies . Side Effects is no exception .
This twist-filled medical thriller ... thoroughly manages to defy audience expectations .
The Girl with a Dragon of a Depression !
Mirror reflections , claustrophobic shots , off-center framing are used as effectively here as they were in Rosemary 's Baby to suggest creeping paranoia . ... Soderbergh 's most assured work since Traffic .
Nobody in Side Effects except perhaps the victim is who they seem to be , while Soderbergh and Burns tease and tug the rug from under the audience , never yanking it . Smart moves , smart movie .
` Side Effects ' is perhaps what happens when a screenwriter gets his hands on a dozen Hitchcock movies and prescription pad .
Although this fine thriller is a little long , Steven Soderbergh directs a terrific script with admirable pace , getting exceptional performances from Law and Mara .
Makes for an intriguing if dispassionate fit .
Not revealing everything all at once intertwined with the unexpected twists and turns along the way and the excellent performances of both Rooney Mara and Jude Law is what makes Side Effects so gratifying .
Steven Soderbergh is one of our best and most versatile directors .
The surprises are n't much to get excited about . They come from the Magic 8 Ball of Hollywood Plot Twists , as arbitrary as they are implausible .
Side Effects is n't just a clever film , there 's beauty in its execution .
Digs Deep for Originality
Like Haywire , Side Effects is Soderbergh 's attempt to make a formula film by not sticking to the formula .
Soderbergh and Burns keep us guessing who 's who and what 's what right to the end of their serpentine story .
While it may not be the scathing indictment of the `` business '' of selling meds that it could - and probably should - be , Side Effects still gets credit for asking some of the right questions and delivering a few intelligent thrills .
The problem is that the cool and analytical Soderbergh is n't the ideal director for this . It needed a Hitchcock or DePalma , who could rev things up to a fever pitch .
The narrative twists and turns ... are no match for the far more interesting mystery still unfolding off screen .
Side Effects is a cracking thriller that ranks amongst Soderbergh 's best , featuring electric performances by Rooney Mara , Jude Law , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Channing Tatum .
Squanders its good will by making a beeline for a `` they-did-it-for-the-money '' denouement .
Side Effects virtually demands a three-word review : Just see it .
The fun of watching `` Side Effects '' is in discovering how thickly , sneakily plotted it is . The movie hides much , under a tasty and dissolvable coating that conceals the active ingredient underneath .
The main thing to keep in mind while watching Steven Soderbergh 's playful new thriller is not to take the movie too seriously or else you 'll feel betrayed by the end .
The twists are so game-changing that they make it difficult to discuss with people who have yet to see it .
Director Steven Soderbergh and the cast get the mind working overtime with the prescription drug debate and then up the ante with a superb mystery .
Overall , I liked the film and that it kept changing into something a little different than before and certainly from what I was initially anticipating . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The picture tickles you throughout with a sense of relentless unease ; you know something is wrong , but ca n't figure out what it is until Soderbergh and Burns are ready to play out the characters ' various endgames .
Soderbergh and screenwriter Scott Z. Burns maintain a tone of taut creepiness , but the plot 's double and triple crosses are more ingenious than believable .
`` Side Effects '' does a nice job teasing current anxieties about depression , medical ethics and class striving with the classic thriller quandary of `` Who 's playing whom ? ''
-LSB- It -RSB- will both keep you on your toes and at the edge of your seat .
Side Effects is a stunner for its effortless blend of two genres that seldom work so well together : the Hitchcockian murder mystery and the serious social drama .
A stylish take on the psychiatric-thriller genre that , despite progressive narrative absurdities , mostly delivers a dose to the pleasure centres .
In some ways the film is more traditional than you think it will be , becoming a psychological puzzle piece . But Soderbergh lays the puzzle out so neatly , you ca n't help but be engrossed .
Slow-burn of a thriller . Ending could have been stronger , but still a good one to chew on over drinks with friends afterwards . Jude Law at his best .
Even when Burns 's script falters , Soderbergh 's direction remains laser-precise .
If we are to believe `` Side Effects '' is Steven Soderbergh 's final theatrical film before his retirement from movies , then he could n't have gone out on a more electrifying film .
A story that Hitchcock himself might well have wanted to tell .
... expertly built around a story that just ca n't match the superior technical details . For most , none of that will matter . It is a cut above most of what is new and available on VOD and will make passable , if unnerving , date night viewing .
Thankfully , Burns and Soderbergh have more on their agenda than simply trashing the pharmaceutical industry .
A taught film noir that takes the audience into several different directions
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's a devious sort of joy to watch people this clever and with nothing to lose turn on each other .
The filmmaking is exhilarating , Rooney Mara gives an outstanding performance , and the script goes in unpredictable directions . SIDE EFFECTS is a great example of why we go to the movies .
With Side Effects , Soderbergh has once more perfectly cast a film .
an elegantly executed sleight-of-hand that hinges on something most people have never thought about : why is it , exactly , that we believe some people and not others ?
A nicely nasty thriller -- and the less you know before seeing it , the more you 'll enjoy it .
Beginning as an urgent indictment and culminating in a silly , sudsy about-face that means very little and is sure to produce groans , the film betrays and cheats itself out of a point .
It 's a gripping , maddening and thoroughly satisfying thriller , made with artfulness and integrity .
If this does prove to be Soderbergh 's final film - and I would n't hold my breath - he picked a heck of a one to go out on .
Like a gel cap in a sip of orange juice , the psycho-pharmacological thriller Side Effects goes down easily , even if its long-term impact turns out to be barely discernible .
Even when the narrative loses its footing , Soderbergh manages to keep the piece cohesive enough to make the entire experience very effective and worthwhile .
The movie descends into a TV-grade police procedural , with twists so sharp and a plot so convoluted you may need meds to clear your head .
Side Effects was shot on digital video that makes it look as if we 're peering through dirty glass , but it 's still a lavishly dread-fueled suspense movie full of twists , reversals , double crosses , and dangerous liaisons .
The film as a whole is consistently enjoyable and sometimes thrilling , a classic Soderbergh showcase for provocative storytelling and marvelous acting .
The movie maintains its sense of style throughout , but that hardly matters as the story just gets stupider and stupider .
Not content to simply present a twisty thriller , Soderbergh pulls off a series of dramatic sleights of hand , undermining genre expectations and keeping the audience continually off-balance , wondering where his crazed yarn will go next .
The film keeps viewers emotionally invested yet intellectually off-balance , suffusing even the most ostensibly straightforward scenes with a sense of free-floating anxiety .
Sex , lies , and violence .
`` Side Effects '' has the sleek , chic look of a Soderbergh film -- cool colors , seductive lighting -- but the script , by frequent collaborator Scott Z. Burns , is disappointingly clunky .
Most certainly not a trumpet blast of the Steven Soderbergh 's energies ... but it 's a pretty good thriller from an interesting director .
A moody , neo-noir-style psychological drama with thick , intertwined veins of tragedy , romantic obsession , legal consequence and revenge .
A pill-popping drama that suddenly turns into something entirely different .
Soderbergh , in what 's rumored to be his final theatrical release -LRB- do n't believe it -RRB- , jumps from imitating the master to imitating the master imitators .
The fun of `` Side Effects '' lies in figuring out what sort of movie it is even as you 're watching it .
Stop reading now , avoid all reviews and blabbermouths , and go see the movie yourself before anyone tells you anything .
. . Soderbergh and Burns were trying to make a statement about Big Pharma and the American Healthcare system within the structure of the thriller genre , but their insistence on building upon one ` shocking ' revelation after the next becomes ludicrous quickly
The movie respects a viewer 's intelligence , which should also serve as a warning ; do n't be lulled into a stupor . Keeping sharp will allow all the fun and menace in this terrific thriller to seep into your head .
If this is indeed Soderbergh 's final theatrical film , as the director has said he 's going into semi-retirement , it 's not such a bad way to go out .
Interesting swipe at the manipulative medication industry , yet Effects only really concentrates on the drug game for about an hour . After that , it 's a glorified Lifetime Movie with an A-list cast .
Starts out as a unique , fascinating and very daring movie , until it abruptly clicks and turns into something completely different and not nearly as good .
A doozy of a Hitchcockian thriller with Jude Law , Rooney Mara and Catherine Zeta-Jones , Effects is a go-for-broke valentine to '80s cinematic psychological potboilers .
This neatly executed mystery is just the sort of thing Hollywood craves from Steven Soderbergh : genre entertainment as cool , clean , and impersonal as a Formica countertop .
The director who came into the field with Sex , Lies , and Videotape leaves it with sex and lies shot on video , still surprising us with both the stories he tells and the stories hidden inside them .
Side Effects not only draws on Soderbergh 's career but has conscious echoes of Roman Polanski , Brian De Palma , and Alfred Hitchcock as well . I hope it 's not one of the modern era 's best director 's final film but it would be fitting if it was .
Soderbergh directs with subtlety , placing clues delicately but firmly along the way ; he never cheats by revealing something the audience did n't have a chance to suspect on its own .
A clever thriller with so many twists that you 'll probably stop counting .
An intense , zany , manipulative , gorgeously executed mess of a movie , Side Effects is entirely designed to play one big , cruel prank on its audience , a punch Soderbergh delivers with vigorously precise gusto .
If , as he has said , this is Soderbergh 's last movie before a permanent break from filmmaking , at least he has gone out with a bang .
Provides a minor but distinct kind of cinematic pleasure : the joy of sitting back and letting a master manipulator mess with your head .
While the plot may be predictable -LRB- and more than a little preposterous -RRB- in retrospect , Mr. Soderbergh handles it brilliantly , serving notice once again that he is a crackerjack genre technician .
As the twists piled on , I found them increasingly strained and eventually alienating .
For anyone who struggles to focus their attention on a movie , Side Effects is just what the doctor ordered .
`` Side Effects '' goes to unexpected places , and we breathlessly follow along .
It 's the kind of thriller that Alfred Hitchcock might make if he was still alive and active today .
Burns ' plotting gets a little knotty in the third act , but he 's a smart writer , who has a knack for juggling an array of characters of varying intelligence and varying corruption levels .
Of the many twists and turns in Steven Soderbergh 's vastly entertaining thriller Side Effects , the most gratifying has less to do with the nimble plotting than the fact that it is n't the type of movie it initially appears to be .
Soderbergh came , he saw , he conquered , and now he 's moving on .
We 'd like to believe that our SSRIs and MAOIs will bring us happiness , that love is real , that art or spirituality can offer transcendence . Steven Soderbergh would like to remind us that it 's all a trick , and we 're on our own .
Side Effects is a hell of a thriller , twisty , terrific and packed with surprises you do n't see coming .
It starts out as one type of film and ends up as another , and manages the transition seamlessly .
In his purported farewell to big screen directing , Steven Soderbergh has delivered a salute to some film masters that 's also pretty darn fun
Steven Soderbergh keeps giving interviews confessing that he is bored with movies and promising that Side Effects will be his last one . Not a moment too soon , if you ask me .
The complexity of emotion , confusion and loss at the film 's start gives way to some acrobatic trickery by the end , but `` Side Effects '' is never less than gripping or entertaining .
Its big twist is telegraphed so soon after its start , there 's zero shock value and zero suspense as the film plods towards its pathetically pat ending .
Stick around , Mr. Soderbergh , you have a better walk-off film in you than this one .
I was hooked in early and was in this film 's grip throughout . If `` Side Effects '' is any indication , Soderbergh is hanging it up way too soon .
Side Effects points out , but never didactically , just how broken our systems have become , whether medical , governmental , or economic .
A twisty and surprisingly sexy thriller that , despite its heat , is actually about how cold and disconnected the world can be .
The emotional depths of the film 's first half get bludgeoned by the simplistically lurid twists and turns , which hinge on some egregiously homophobic stereotypes that Soderbergh 's clinical touch fails to complicate .
A smart thriller that is more proof that Hollywood 's smartest director has NO BUSINESS RETIRING later this year .
According to Steven Soderbergh , `` Side Effects '' is the filmmaker 's final feature-length directing credit -- and it shows , partly because this rambling genre exercise , while skillful , offers nothing new .
A movie that 's like a nesting doll - with each new revelation hiding as much as it reveals .
turns out to be a psychological thriller that uses pharmaceuticals as the MacGuffin
Even if you 're a young guy with no interest in the prescription drug scene , you 'll be attentive to the melodramatic aspects of this psychological thriller .
Steven Soderbergh 's elegantly coiled puzzler spins a tale of clinical depression and psychiatric malpractice into an absorbing , cunningly unpredictable entertainment .
A brilliant thriller , made by a filmmaker at the top of his game .
Side Effects is a smooth , shapely suspense picture .
Steven Soderbergh 's -LRB- supposed -RRB- swan song as a feature film director is less a ` Contagion ' - like topical thriller about the dangers of pharmaceuticals than it is a crisp but low-voltage neo-noir where drugs are only part of the story .
In trying to merge this alarmist theme with an old-fashioned murder mystery , the filmmakers throw at least one plot-twist sucker-punch too many , leaving the viewer with an `` Oh , come on '' reaction to the entire film .
If Jude Law and Catherine Zeta Jones are typical psychiatrists , call me crazy and ship me to Manhattan .
Another mesmerizing thriller from Steven Soderbergh set in the world of Big Pharma and the widespread use of antidepressant drugs .
There are plenty of twists and surprises in `` Side Effects '' that keep you guessing . The first real movie of 2013 is finally here . Repeated viewings may be necessary .
This is Steven Soderbergh 's post-modern Hitchcock thriller
Soderbergh 's medical-psychological thriller lacks depth and originality of observation , but it 's timely , stylish , and enjoyable .
It is a bugf -- k crazy yarn , more like what you 'd expect out of Brian De Palma , but with that ineffable hum -- the Soderbergh snap -- the cool camera , exquisite framing , shallow focus and scenes that do n't last a frame longer than they have to .
Ultimately too clever for its own good , but if you can accept the film 's poker-faced absurdity on its own terms , you 'll appreciate Soderbergh and his cast 's cool confidence .
Like Magic Mike , Side Effects is enlivened by Soderbergh 's jazzy style and laidback moralism , bringing to mind the work of another connoisseur of genre , Robert Altman .
Explores interesting ideas within the world of psychiatry and pharmaceuticals by transplanting them into a classic thriller setting .

@highlight

A smart , clever thriller with plenty of disquieting twists , Side Effects is yet another assured effort from director Steven Soderbergh .