... even the physical interaction is not very convincing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Burdened with a bewilderingly wrong-headed pair of subplots , British director Richard Loncraine 's film makes only partial use of the off-the-charts amiability and ease of leading players Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman .
It 's no surprise to discover that Ruth & Alex is yet another film aimed at a more mature audience . What is a surprise , however , is that 's it 's not a better one .
5 Flights Up pairs up Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman at long last , though it 's not quite the revelation it should be .
Boy does Keaton look great in a New York apartment . Just the sight of her standing in a tiny living room is a statement against suburban life .
While the plot might be the flimsiest , the characterisation actors Morgan Freeman and Diane Keaton bring to this film turns it into a small delight .
Completely reliant on the warmth and goodwill generated by its stars -LRB- rather than , say , its writing -RRB- , this AARP-oriented dramedy strikes all the familiar chords .
It 's all very cosy and undemanding , but Keaton and Freeman are such amiably engaging screen presences you will probably enjoy spending the time in their company .
As storytelling , 5 Flights Up is remarkably clumsy : the narrative strands never knit together , the well-intentioned messages are awkwardly spelt out , and the stakes remain low . That said , it 's an easy film to watch .
It is hard to extract much of a high old time from a production like 5 Flights Up when the stakes involved are so exceedingly low .
5 Flights Up is one of those films that sneaks up on you .
Morgan Freeman and Diane Keaton are wonderful together in this delightful exploration of life and love in New York
A dusty , undemanding piece of Sunday afternoon liberalism .
Typically amenable performances from the leads make all this watchable up to a point , but the material is decidedly stretched out over feature length .
Even Freeman at his twinkliest and Keaton at her most kooky and adorable are not enough to sweeten the bad taste left by Ruth & Alex.
Charmingly played by its well-cast , ever watchable leads .
Ruth & Alex is a drama without drama : the cinematic equivalent of a barbiturate . Freeman and Keaton deserve better material .
If you 're looking for a film completely free of loud explosions , raised voices or anything actually happening , you ca n't go wrong with this fusty New York fairytale .
Trite , obvious , and two-dimensional .
It 's good for the performances of Freeman and Keaton , but the story feels forced and repetitive in parts . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Having Freeman and Keaton together is a real benefit for this movie which lacks a strong argument . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It shows two actors -LRB- Keaton and Freeman -RRB- who do n't even make the slightest effort to get out of their comfort zone . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
It presents various topics but it never cares to clarify any of them . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
... there 's room for modest mainstream movies that present us with a romanticized view of our daily existence .
With any two other stars it might be downright forgettable , but Freeman and Keaton could n't be forgettable if they tried , and they lift the movie into something tender and almost moving .
What 's not to like about Morgan Freeman ?
Amiable but little more than that ... about on the level of a Hallmark Hall of Fame special .
Are Freeman and Keaton charming enough that anybody would want to watch them rifle through Classifieds and house hunt for 90 minutes ?
`` 5 Flights Up '' does n't always feel whole , but its perspective on aging and domestic partnership keeps the story engaging with periodic poignancy .
-LSB- Morgan Freeman -RSB- ca n't lend gravitas to this clutter of urban sentimentality .
Despite some touching moments , the overall impact is slight and forgettable .
A couple of pros , playing attractive characters in an amiable yet topical story .
Slow-moving relationship drama with little at stake .
Sometimes you see a play and you can imagine it being a movie . Sometimes you see a small movie like this , and you can imagine it working better as an intimate stage play .
What begins as a sweetly sentimental story ends up being cloyingly melodramatic .
What a pleasure to see a simple , finely tuned dramedy about real adults with real emotions in a real-life situation .
The movie ends just as you expected it to end , and there are almost no surprises along the way .
Based on Jill Ciment 's wry novel Heroic Measures , the film is at its best when it sticks with the everyday ...
5 Flights Up is a small story with small stakes that only manages medium pleasures , due to the warm presence of Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman .
The lead performances are so perfectly in sync that Alex and Ruth really feel like an old married couple who know each other 's foibles and cherish every tic .
5 Flights Up is a sweet film with a few nicely turned lines , some good jokes , and some very lovely dialogue . But it 's not much more than fluff and air .
The duo provide a bit of wit and warmth amid the contrived subplots and the self-satisfied moralism .
the film and its main characters struck a chord within me .
There is little suspense in where `` 5 Flights Up '' is headed , but Keaton and Freeman 's movie marriage is a good investment .
The movie stays afloat with its sneaky perceptiveness , dealing in how real estate 's grand mysteries alter the lives of those trying to navigate it .
Morgan Freeman and Diane Keaton have unexpectedly great chemistry in this warm and funny comedy about a couple who contemplate leaving a walk-up apartment in Brooklyn they 've occupied for their entire 40-year marriage .
It feels a lot like a Hallmark Channel movie that just so happened to land a couple of cinema legends in leading roles .
`` 5 Flights Up '' is far from perfect , but it 's also undeniably touching .
If 5 Flights Up is worth seeing , it 's primarily for the pleasure of Keaton and Freeman 's company , plus maybe for some tips on buying and selling an apartment .
It 's good to see first-rate artists devoted to a film that does n't pander to an unsophisticated audience with a thirst for violence and smut .
Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman are pleasantly entertaining in `` 5 Flights Up . '' But the movie 's far too pleasant for far too long .
Not scintillating drama by any stretch but `` 5 Flights Up '' has its charms .
A demonstration by a long-married couple of what it means to truly be in sync with each other .
What starts as a somewhat charming - if prosaic - story of love in the time of gentrification inexplicably spends most of its third act mired in the finer points of apartment hunting , like a tastefully lit HGTV show .
Thinly charming , even thinner in entertainment value
Ira Sachs , for all the tenderness of feeling he brought to Love Is Strange , would n't have countenanced the stacked-deck sentimentality that lies at this film 's heart .
Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman make a cute couple in this theatrical comedy about a pair of house-hunters .
Even more than its cast , who do more with it than they should , `` Ruth & Alex '' is a film that stars its ampersand .
Failing to measure up to heartbreaking classics about the aged pushed out of their homes by the new - Leo McCarey 's Make Way For Tomorrow -LRB- 1937 -RRB- and Vittorio de Sica 's Umberto D -LRB- 1952 -RRB- - Ruth & Alex is mostly real estate lite .
Keaton and Freeman 's chemistry goes a long way toward selling this trifle , and whatever it may lack in drama , it is refreshing to see a happy golden-years marriage depicted with such affection onscreen .

@highlight

5 Flights Up is a bit of a narrative fixer-upper , but when it comes to watching Diane Keaton and Morgan Freeman share screen time , you really ca n't beat the view .