It was a series of randomness that do n't really offer much information or contribute to the overall point .
Heaven protect us from any more Bret Easton Ellis versions of Tales of the Empty Lives of Los Angeles .
Brad Renfro in his last movie role , playing a wannabe film actor who sprays out filthy perspiration like a collie emerging from a sewer . It 's possible this role killed Renfro .
Rating less than zero on the sophistication scale , The Informers is thus a totally faithful adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis ' novel -- and an accurate look at early '80s - era Los Angeles .
Imagine American Psycho with less violence but more nudity , transplanted from New York to California and stripped of all self-awareness . That 's The Informers .
... a ninety-eight-minute snooze-fest .
bleak , boring and bloated .
It has a good cast and a terrific 1980s soundtrack -LRB- Devo , Simple Minds -RRB- , but it also has the superficiality of a TV soap . The Informers is not so bad that you ca n't sit back and enjoy it , but nor is it good enough to go and see .
In structure and location the film resembles Robert Altman 's Short Cuts , though it 's much inferior and far less interesting .
While it 's an occasionally unsettling piece - and comes with a big-name cast - the story never goes anywhere .
We may not care about these cokeheads , but only rarely does Jordan fall into knee-jerk retribution .
A lurid , soapy , moralistic melodrama so mucky you 'll need a shower .
Directed by Gregor Jordan , Ellis 's aimlessly dissolute collection of stories just does n't hang together as a coherent whole .
There is a weird , almost comic absence of insight and perspective here . But it is a joke without humour and without a punchline .
This self-penned adaptation of his 1994 short story collection - a period piece set in 1983 Los Angeles - has supposedly been cut to ribbons , and it shows .
Jordan gives all this an entirely appropriate sheen and the cast play well through glazed eyes . The film will fascinate those who love to see the tormented lives of those who seem luckier than the rest of us .
Failing to work on so many levels , The Informers operates as a time capsule of 1983 and a time when substance was negated in favour of style . Sadly , this movie is severely lacking in both of those departments .
For diehard Ellis completists only .
It 's an empty shell entertaining a nasty streak of misogyny , a single note ensemble piece that 's very much less than zero .
This film is bad - really , really bad .
A star-studded mess .
Bret Easton Ellis pens a mean tale , in all adjectival senses . His prose is artfully maleficent ; he is a laid-back Severus Snape of the sex-and-drugs generation . You need a smarter directing hand , though , than Gregor Jordan 's .
Director Gregor Jordan seems to have gone into reverse since his 2001 Buffalo Soldiers , aiming for the LA rondeau of Altman 's Short Cuts but missing all the vital ingredients - wit , humanity , charm , nuance and meaning .
The film has a slick surface sheen and evocative soundtrack -LRB- Simple Minds , A Flock Of Seagulls , etc -RRB- but those are just incidental pleasures in a languid condemnation of soulless excess .
The Informers is n't dull but the characters are hollow and the dialogue stilted . In the hands of the film 's less experienced actors , it verges on the embarrassing .
None of the characters are particularly appealing and it ultimately fails to engage on an emotional level .
Watching people live such vacuous , clone-like lives of privilege and decadence , it 's impossible to feel anything for them .
The Informers proves once again that Ellis 's stories are difficult to realise for the big screen and perhaps best left for the printed page and the imagination .
Much of it remains purposefully pointless , and Ellis and Jordan never attempt to reframe the dead-eyed hedonism and solipsism that makes these characters very hard to care about .
Imagine Absolutely Fabulous without Edina and Patsy , or Dynasty without Alexis , and what have you got ? The Informers .
What an A-list cast : Mickey Rourke , Winona Ryder and Kim Basinger . Interesting enough , all stars of the eighties , which is exactly where this movie should have stayed .
A chilling , brutal film that is a lot more than the sum of its one dimensional parts would suggest .
... a dreary , loosely connected parade of drug - , drink - and sex-sodden lost souls .
Imagine `` Crash '' with a social disease and you pretty much have `` The Informers '' in a nutshell .
Filled with narcissistic twits who never say or do anything of consequence or interest .
Life is a bitch and then you go to L.A. .
The Informers becomes that rare movie that is so tedious it dares you to keep watching .
Brazenly befouling cinemas with its sub-soap-opera acting , melodramatic dialogue , and thoroughly unlikable characters .
This just felt like a bunch of people in 1980s L.A. with blonde streaks in their hair listening to Wang Chung .
Gorgeous people and some well written dialogue are n't enough to make this a movie you should see .
Despite a terrific ensemble cast , The Informers suffers from an uneven , chaotic screenplay with forgettable , poorly developed characters while none of the actors or actresses get a chance to shine . It never really gels into a sharp , compelling or e
If you do n't require anything more profound ... in your movies , then The Informers may well be a satisfying experience .
Aesthetically pretty , subjectively ugly , and emotionally incisive , the picture celebrates the passing of a not-so-innocent era and mourns the victims left in its wake .
It 's by far the most slack , ho-hum movie ever made from Ellis ' material .
It 's actually pretty funny if you do n't feel the need to care for or sympathize with anybody onscreen .
The Informers is a movie so seamy it makes you want to take a bath afterward . Rarely has so much sin seemed so boring .
Ellis does n't create a single authentic moment or sympathetic character in this lurid pastiche of disconnected vignettes .
This one 's a certifiable soul-sucker , dining out on its characters ' venalities while wagging a finger at the horror , the horror .
Gregor Jordan 's pointless adaptation of a Bret Easton Ellis book is successful only in the sense that it accurately mimics the emptiness of its subject .
It 's almost a relief when one of the characters comes down with a deadly disease .
Repulsive 80s flashback .
The film is as flat as the Hollywood sign , with beautiful young people , all blonde , mostly naked , trying desperately to get up the energy to order something else from room service .
A grim , open-ended study in smooth surfaces , skin and 25-year-old pop-culture references .
There seems to be no point to this derivative Bret Easton Ellis retro-wallow . It 's all sex , drugs , rock 'n roll and boredom - with the emphasis on boredom .
The performances run the gamut from twitchy to catatonic , and the stoned stiffness of the actors seems to have less to do with the affectlessness of the characters than with their own confusion .
The Informers is such a wretched piece of garbage that there 's a certain amount of guilt attached to even writing about it .
Ellis 's big notions are less insightful than they pretend to be .
Though name actors and the involvement of a cult author may eventually get The Informers attention , there 's nobody who loves the '80s enough to knowingly pay good money to suffer through all 98 minutes of this .
Has an air of detachment and sadness , enhanced by the movie 's being set a full quarter century ago . Like new cars in an old movie , these people may glow with youth , but we watch them in full awareness of the beaters and wrecks they 'll become .
The movie has more dead scenes than a Monday night in Magnitogorsk .
An awful film about an awful time .
Is there an easier target for satire than Hollywood ? Or a duller one ?
Just because your characters are vacuous , less-than-zero types , it does n't necessarily mean that the tone and structure of your movie has to adopt the same conditions .
An aimless mess . But at least the mess is sexy and exciting .
Remember the '80s ? After sitting through The Informers you may wan na burn your Rubik 's Cube and `` Where 's the Beef '' T-shirt .
The Informers is grimy , nasty and graphic in its depictions of excess , and those are its good points .
This is nothing more than Short Cuts with shortcuts
I wish they 'd kept the vampire . I wish they 'd given him a rocket launcher .
Parental Content Review
It 's haute trash , faux Crash , a series of interlocking plotlines which are meant to convince the viewer that something more profound is taking place . It is n't .
The Informers delivers a muddled message .
Do some blow . Curse humanity . Convert to nilhilism . Reread American Psycho . But do n't for the love of God and cinema see The Informers .
It 's a movie with Altmanesque pretensions , but under Gregor Jordan 's flat-line direction amounts to flipping through an out-of-date fashion magazine , one that barely spurs the energy to point and laugh .
This sprawling , wanna-be Short Cuts tale is so over-the-top and so insufferably unpleasant that it makes even his infamous `` American Psycho '' seem tame by comparison .
Ellis , director Gregor Jordan and a cast that 's hollow but only occasionally empty , manage to anticipate excess ' hangover , a headache we 've become intimately familiar with -- all over again .
TMZ with phony gravitas . Ellis ' stories had more oomph before drug-crazed screwups like Britney Spears , Lindsay Lohan and Amy Winehouse became the center of the Internet news cycle .
In the buff naughty boobs 'n buns bad parenting sex and drug addiction romp . And a weird cry for help cinema probing wasted LA youth without adult supervision in sight . Though with sly hints on where all those hallucinatory Hollywood plots arise .
Ellis ' book , though a grim read , had a satirical edge to it that made it darkly enjoyable ; the movie is simply dark and dull . And vampireless , more 's the pity .
The piece had better have something fresh to say . The Informers does n't , nor does it seem to want to .
There 's no real structure to Jordan 's film , so stories haphazardly begin and disappear without ending
A nihilistic , narcissistic , knuckleheaded move about nihilistic , narcissistic knuckleheads , The Informers might have been an interesting exercise in satire , if it only had a sense of humor . Which it does n't .
The dialogue is laughable . Lines are spoken so languidly that the actors seem bored . Shattering revelations are delivered in the same monotone as casual patter .
The Informers should be more aware of its own unsavoryness , and revel in it a little . As it is , the movie is far too weighty , as though it were honestly trying to convey some kind of cautionary message .
Excels in the mysterious tension found when someone who does n't care talks to someone who does .
The result turns the novel 's cynical satire into a facile morality play , in which these privileged children want to be told the difference between right and wrong .
Perhaps the film 's biggest mistake is that after more than an hour of proving how pointless and vapid these characters are , it leaves us with a parting shot indicating we should care about what happens to them . We do n't .
An outbreak of '80s nostalgia is the best explanation for The Informers , a worse movie based on a worse Bret Easton Ellis book .
If The Informers does n't sound to you like a pleasant time at the movies , you are right .
In spite of the title , The Informers does n't get below the surface of the era of Reaganesque excess to tell us anything new . But it 's way cool to look at .
The Informers is a beautiful picture of misery , but the surface quality is never penetrated to satisfaction . In the end , it 's a mess of smeary mascara , mix tapes , and hair mousse in search of connective tissue .
The Informers is the kind of movie that , upon leaving the theater , provokes the urge to take a shower .
Occasionally , some fool gets the idea that his literary wretched excess would make for a good film .
There 's plenty of incident , but not much plot . As befits a tale of absolute self-absorption and unconscious revelation , The Informers often seems to be telling on itself .
A rancid load of swill called The Informers , from a depraved 1994 book by Bret Easton Ellis , is , like The Soloist , a look at the underbelly of L.A. , but the resemblance ends there .
I do n't find The Informers to be without interest -- unlike most critics -- but neither do I find it successful enough to recommend it .
Sublimely awful , director Gregor Jordan 's adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis ' dystopic vision of '80s era Los Angeles bounces between a slew of unlikable reckless characters .
-LSB- Features -RSB- a ludicrously concocted , thoroughly unconvincing narrative and the pervading sense of style supplanting substance .
Gregor Jordan and Bret Easton Ellis take no prisoners in this uncompromising , expertly crafted shocker about hedonism in early - '80s L.A.
Perhaps the only use this film has is to give philosophers who sit through it some way of experiencing what eternity truly means .
An ugly , blank slate of a film , one that feels like a rough outline for one of the better Ellis adaptations .
Characters become real enough to draw you in , yet are not deeply drawn enough to make you care .
People sometimes had ordinary , reasonably polite conversations , even in the '80s . Not absolutely all the talking was affectless mumbling , angry recriminations , drug deals or TV news about Ronald Reagan .
Open endings work for some movies , but a story this depressing needs some resolution .




@highlight

As miserable and insipid as its protagonists , The Informers fails to provide anything to think about after the sheen of fake blond is gone .