True enough , it 's make-believe , but to believe in make-believe , you do have to be firmly on board in some way . Otherwise , it 's just nonsense .
Funnier than anything in this vaguely dark comedy is the thought of -LSB- Sly -RSB- Stallone sitting through it .
Crammed tight with every kid-pic cliche you can imagine .
It 's a fun idea , but quite awkwardly staged and , in the end , not particularly engaging .
A feel-good family flick that does n't pander to the younger members of the equation .
This is a winner , a film to which you can safely take your kids and enjoy yourself .
Waffles between heart-on-its-sleeve candor and winking self-awareness .
Though the film is primarily designed to appeal to viewers in the early-teen demographic , a maturity and intelligence is at work here that will connect with many adults also .
The script is not so much written as assembled , anecdote by anecdote . As a result , you never quite settle in .
It 's a mildly startling choice of subject matter , but Jennings takes for granted that even the most innocent cineastes have their sadistic side .
This quite charming film does have a strangeness about it ; you feel that not all the pieces fit comfortably together .
I was not so engaged as to be moved ... and felt impatient at the lack of dramatic pace
It may not all work but Son of Rambow is a totally original and really sweet film with an ultra soft heart
Its heart is surely in the right place . Yet so much of it just does n't work ... that it 's hard to get very excited about it .
Jennings and Goldsmith 's kid-fueled '80s film proves as inspiring as it is inspired .
The boys ' video project is modern enough to stand in contrast to the brick and tweed of the locale , but rather than glossing over that uncomfortable fit , Jennings highlights it with a one-man Flock Of Seagulls .
An almost unbearably tedious kidpic about two fatherless boy opposites using Rambo as a role model .
... an uneven film , but a special one that earns its ahs .
If you , too , are a son of Rambow , or are from the era of The Lone Ranger or even the Power Rangers , this movie calls to you .
SON OF RAMBOW is full of ideas and imagination , but I think Jennings buries himself with all of his ambition .
Jennings has crafted a work that beautifully -- and humorously -- evokes childhood and the impact of movies on children .
A number of young boys attended the screening I went to , and none of them seemed to be quite sure when they were supposed to laugh .
Jennings is clearly having a wonderful time recreating the fantasies of his youth , but sometimes his perspective get a little too inbred , and the picture suffers for it .
Wistful and a little wonky , playfully recreating a fanciful early '80s UK summer , Son of Rambow definitely feels like someone 's personal experiences reinterpreted for public consumption .
The word is that even Sly Stallone gave this film a blessing , marking one of the few times that the guy involved with the likes of Judge Dredd and Stop ! Or My Mom Will Shoot has displayed a modicum of good taste .
It would be dishonest of me to say that it 's more than an endearing , well-acted trifle with lovely intentions .
What could have been an insightful look at how film and television mold our personalities is instead just another film about childhood friendship -- sweet , huggable and toothless .
It 's pretty good-natured , sweet and rather goofy .
The young performers , especially Milner and Poulter , are engaging without being cloying .
A funny , worthy film that -- unlike Sylvester Stallone 's one-man army -- loses focus before it completes its mission .
It serves as both a coming of age film and a love letter to the power of movies .
Inspiration comes in all forms and writer/director Garth Jennings gets that idea across with equal parts cliché and whimsy .
It 's subversively eccentric and poignant but lacks the punch that fully fleshed-out characters and a more cohesive story could deliver .
Son of Rambow conveys the passion and imagination of these kids ... But what the film also does is to place their fantasies in a very real context .
... relies heavily on an audience 's boys-will-be-boys tolerance .
We cringe and laugh at -- and are ultimately moved by -- their clumsiness and innocence . And it endears us to the Rambo films in ways we never could have anticipated .
You know the Sundance drill : Eventually , the whole school is caught up in their good-natured artistic high jinks , and all involved learn the heartwarming lesson that there 's a place in the world for a group of loners .
With apologies to Mr. Stallone , no one would ever argue First Blood was an essential part of any healthy childhood . But the ability to make-believe certainly is .
Son of Rambow is an inventive and amusing coming-of-age movie that deftly entwines elements of farce and fantasy , rebelliousness and sentiment , while paying seriously funny tribute to the transcendent power of art .
These two boys have , along with writer-director Garth Jennings , turned a coming-of-age story into a treatise on both the fragility of artistic vision and the danger of popular opinion .
Son of Rambow is half a great movie . At its best , it is a comic epic for half-pints .
Funny and sweet and guaranteed to flood you with good feeling .
After the movie , I imagined its writer-director , Garth Jennings -LRB- The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy -RRB- being more than a little like Will , and the movie uncannily similar to one of Will 's comic epics .
Sweet and sentimental , a bit racy to be a kids ' film , a bit tame as grown-up entertainment , Son of Rambow is still a magical romp about childhood discovery and the birth of a lifelong love of the movies .
-LRB- Son of Rambow -RRB- is definitely a movie out of left field , but it does have some pretty funny laughs and does make you feel really tingly inside .
Son of Rambow is filled with small surprises and treasures , a veritable bounty of delight .
Quirky but curiously irritating British period comedy ... tries hard to be different , only to prove that different does n't necessarily mean better , or even good .
The most beautiful and tear jerking journey in a child 's world of make believe . The child in us interprets Rambo and the film character never looked so good .
Milner and Poulter are incredibly natural in roles that ask them to be alternately goofy , angry , and melancholy -- never poor-widdle-me sad -- skills that are further emphasized in the film 's third gem : the boys ' movie itself .
The rapport between the two rogue cineastes is enough to carry both films : the one they 're making and the one Jennings is trying to make .
A heartfelt , feel-good movie that underscores one of the great things about the cinema : Going to the movies is not a passive or solitary experience but one that brings us together , in a group , to try to understand how other people live and behave .
Milner and Poulter are a lot of fun to watch , a pair of first-timer naturals who do n't reek of Dakota Fanning Young Actorliness .
Plenty happens , but little of it advances the action , until the finale , which is lovely , but would have been a lot lovelier after 35 minutes , not 90 .
Watching skinny-armed little Will pretend to be the spawn of Sly Stallone in a series of botched feats of derring-do is a treat , as is much of this film .
A joyous , touching story of friendship , mischief and imagination .
Son of Rambow is too lighthearted a movie to seriously play buzzkill with the audience 's good time . And feature film first-timers Milner and Poulter play off each other so smoothly , they could be the Coen brothers as schoolboys .
Few movies have captured the intoxicating effect of pop culture on kids better than Son of Rambow .
I ca n't imagine a better movie for children and adults to enjoy together .
It 's an absolute delight .
It 's really a touching kids movie about youthful imagination and family values . That 's not what I wanted !
This is a must-see film that will not only touch your heart but also your funny bone . It 's refreshing to find two filmmakers who have so much passion and boyhood spirit involved in their filmmaking processes .
Like a lot of those home movies we made as children , Son of Rambow has the best of intentions and a great set-up , but the ending falls apart .
This Sundance hit is as clever and charming as you hope it will be , though , regrettably , not consistently so .
Garth Jennings , has crafted a small , indie film that - dare I say it ? Should I say it ? Why not ? Is `` This Year 's Juno . ''
Flatly ignores any kind of joy-of-filmmaking themes and instead takes the standard coming-of-age route .
Writer/director Garth Jennings captures the innocent ecstasy of boys discovering the elemental power of cinema and the unfettered play of imagination with disarming humor .
The kid-heavy cast tends to substitute enthusiasm for subtlety , but the way they throw their hearts into their games just makes it easier to get drawn in .
All part of growing up , an experience Son of Rambow portrays with genuine insight .
A noble effort , but it just kind of falls apart .
... much more than a kids ' film and should appeal to those who grew up during the 1980 's . The good nature of the film will strike a chord with other auds , both older and younger , too .
Jennings and Goldsmith make good with the implications of their pseudonym -LSB- Hammer & Tongs -RSB- , treating the proceedings as the world 's biggest , baddest science project .
A bright and very silly film with solid , provocative themes that really stick with us .
First-time actors Milner and Poulter are gifted and natural .
First-timers Milner and Poulter are engagingly unaffected and convey a real sense of the explosive joy the right movie at the right time can spark , along with the fierce desire to make it your own .
An '80s coming-of-age comedy with more energy than ideas .
That unashamed passion for movies explains why , even when it gets a little too sweet in its final scenes , Rambow remains true to itself and to Will and Lee 's friendship .
For a film about falling in love with the movies , its insights on them are next to nil .
Overall , this is a funny and tough-minded slice of weird life , as well as a sweet if wayward ode to movie love .
It never makes the mistake of condescending to its audience by turning its tykes into overgrown adults . The childhood experience feels emotionally accurate .
So accurately captures how boys behave , you 'd think Jennings planted his camera inside a 10-year-old 's skull , then beamed the child 's imagination directly through his saucer-wide eyes onto the theater 's screen .
A tedious movie about kids making an amateur film .
A likable , lightly sticky valentine to childhood .
How many of us were first introduced to the giddy , gory glory of the movies at a friend 's house ?
Most of all , it grasps that the friendships we make as children are the key to unlocking who we will become in adulthood . For that alone , this is n't just a movie to enjoy , it 's also one to admire and revel in .
After making his feature debut with the rather inspiration-challenged big-screen Hitchhiker 's Guide , director Garth Jennings wisely shifts to a more intimate and personal canvas .
As raw and a flight of adolescent fancy as Saturday Night Live 's `` Lazer Cats ! '' skits .
Son of Rambow maintains just the right tone throughout with its guileless , makeshift charm .
A slight but infectious British comedy , Son of Rambow charms in spite of a slim plot and sketchy character development . The first ninety minutes may not be , but the last five are just about perfect .
At least it 's better than what Sylvester Stallone 's doing now .
Full of quirk , slapstick and dry British humor , Son of Rambow is a delight , but too often forgets to stay true to its heart .
The team who made The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy display plenty of whirligig energy , if not much control or lightness of touch .
Son of Rambow evokes the rush of discovery that turns budding cinephiles into lifers -- that delight in finding a film that seems to express or coalesce some inchoate yearning , including a yen to share .
It 's hard to make the leap from Stallone 's American jingoism to a nascent British graphic artist 's developing pop whimsy .
The tone is light and unpretentious and it offers an opportunity for some '80s reminiscing . Ultimately , however , it 's forgettable , disposable entertainment .
Until it dissolves into routine sentimentality , Son of Rambow proves a welcome corrective to the legion of post-Rushmore indies defined by their precious quirkiness and pathos .
Though set in particular context -LRB- Britain in the VCR Age -RRB- , this charming reverie displays some universal themes -- the meaning of friendship , family ties , movie heroes -LRB- of good or bad , right wing or left wing adventures -RRB- , attesting to the medium 's power .
A really sweet film about growing up weird .
Some of the dialogue is overly cinema-savvy for naive kids -LRB- `` We 're losing light ! '' -RRB- , but ... director Garth Jennings gives the proceedings a charmingly surreal and imaginative tone .
The movie does n't know if it wants to be a kid 's movie -LRB- it 's not -RRB- , or just a prepubescent reverie . Either way `` Son of Rambow '' is a slapdash story told in a slapdash way .
a winner !
Although Jennings ' screenplay skirts the edges of cliché at times , the young actors -LRB- both of whom are making their feature film debut -RRB- make every moment ring true .
A delightfully eccentric fantasy , flush with laughs and displays of fantastical ink-stained escapism ; an unforgettable triumph of heart and giggles . One of the few assuredly must-see films of 2008 .
A potentially disposable , tongue-in-cheek First Blood pisstake turns out to be a deeply effective , surprisingly touching tale of family and childhood friendship . If you only see one Rambo movie this year , make sure it 's this one .
You 'd have to be a bigger cynic than Richard Dawkins not to have your cockles warmed by this gem .
This is a joyous film . It 's about making friends , making movies and having a great time ; a movie for anybody and everybody , especially those with a love of the '80s .
The script sizzles with humour , but more importantly ... it carries an emotional weight .
Money might buy bigger toys , but it can never replace heart , and that is something this terrific comedy has in abundance .
Integrates its slapstick genre pastiche into a thoughtful story about peer pressure , neglect and yearning
There lies a huge , beating heart that leads to a crescendo of joviality so flawlessly accomplished that your mental applause sign may light up before its all over .
It 's charming and touching , and the best part is , it manages to be so without saccharine sweetness .
It 's cute and it 's funny and its comic view of adolescence as a series of changed alliances and curfew violations is , for the most part , refreshingly free of sentimental cant .
Giddy , goofy and heartfelt .
Son of Rambow is pumped up with all the right kids ' ingredients : slapstick , fantasy , alienation and severe adult authority figures . But screenwriter and director Garth Jennings has slammed them all together with little cohesion .
Bright and witty physical and optical visual touches spill off the screen , though the use of effects is scaled to the tale .
A charming and inventive film that 's a real winner !



@highlight

Undeniable heart and charming young leads save the film 's nostalgic storyline from suffering at the hands predictability .