It 's a safe dumb film for safe dumb audiences .
Amateurish direction by Simon West -LRB- `` Laura Croft : Tomb Raider '' -RRB- contributes to the utter failure of this pathetic update of the original film of the same title .
If you 've seen either Black Christmas or Halloween , there 's nothing new here : the hyped-up score keeps telling us we ought to be scared , but the suspense feels mechanical and fake .
... just as needless a remake as one might 've expected .
No plot , no originality , no stars -- and no reason for you to go and see this crap .
You know a horror movie 's in trouble when the fake scares outweigh the real ones .
I ca n't help feeling that this updating could have been a little more imaginative -- the only wrinkle on the basic plot is that it uses mobile phones .
While teen chillers tend to be exercises in extreme dullness , at least director Simon West tries to wring some suspense out of the scenes here .
Loud , noisy , flashy but too rarely chilling .
Having abstained from character development and stalling for something to do between calls , the movie dwells in the house 's dark corners , plugging plot holes with overzealous sound design .
Atmospheric but generally disappointing thriller , despite a passably tense climax and an eye-catching performance by newcomer Camilla Belle .
This year 's `` I Know What You Did Last Summer '' ... You 'll be totally immersed and near on the verge of drawing sweat
god damn why in the world would they only remake the first 20 minutes ?
Não percebe que a premissa é insuficiente para sustentar 90 minutos de duração e , conseqüentemente , o resultado deixa muito a desejar com relação ao original .
... it did half the trick for me and for that ... it receives half the marks .
I 'll be damned if I can find anything to like
This remake of a 1979 thriller starring Carol Kane is n't particularly mysterious ... Unexpectedly , given his background in exploitation dramas , director Simon West does n't push the horror to the max .
Long distance information ? Get me Hollywood , USA : I 've got a rusty ice pick to bury in the gullet of whoever greenlighted this pointless exercise .
When a Stranger Calls understands that when alone and isolated in an unfamiliar place , an overactive imagination can be as frightening as any real threats .
The only reason to watch this punishingly dull remake is to ogle raven-haired beauty Camilla Belle .
The film is not quite suspense-free , but almost . When finding a dead body underwater is n't scary , something is very wrong .
Download the trailer . It 's cheaper , quicker , and efficiently shows you everything you think you want to see from the movie .
The original should have been a short film ; the new version should n't exist at all .
This version is a thin , protracted study in shifting Hollywood strategies .
-LSB- Belle -RSB- seems only able to summon up an emotion that approximates how I feel when I have poured a bowl of cereal and realize I am out of milk .
A production that never comes close to realizing its potential to tweak the viewer 's primal fears .
Just in case there was anyone out there who did n't already know the payoff revelation , the commercial considerately spells it out , thus saving those viewers who like suspense for their $ 7.50 their ticket money .
If there 's a single dead-wrong instinct in this movie that is n't pursued with the blind determination of an amorous terrier during high-scent season , darned if I can remember it .
If you answer , you may be bored to death .
What to remake next ? ` My Bloody Valentine ' or ` Sorority House Massacre ' ?
Features an ending guaranteed to confuse and confound morons .
Stranger is one long tease that , instead of building tension around Jill 's efforts to outwit her mysterious stalker , has her run around the house , unsuccessfully calling every friend , cop and family member she knows .
Exhibits not a smidgen of awareness that its premise has been ripped off 500 times and parodied in three Scream movies .
Never babysit in a house by a swamp without a gun .
A lot of boredom leading to a reel of running around in the dark and a Carrie rip-off shock tag scene as the cinematic maraschino cherry on top .
-LSB- Its -RSB- few jolts will work only if you 've never seen a scary movie before .
This leaves young Belle -LRB- The Ballad of Jack and Rose -RRB- to wander rooms aimlessly , and for the musicians and Foley artists to work feverishly pretending there 's reason for suspense .
Sorry , wrong number
Since ` Scream ' steered the horror film into post-modernism , something this anachronistically limiting , unaware -- and just plain dumb -- almost seems quaint . Almost .
The result looks good , but nothing else .
I used my minutes for this .
When a Stranger Calls has been remade -- with undistinguished if inoffensive results -- by Simon West , who is quickly becoming a reliable purveyor of Hollywood 's dreckiest dreck .
Dial M for mediocre .
For real thrills , rent the original , turn down the lights and scare yourself silly .
The scare-free When a Stranger Calls is the worst of the seminal horror movies from the late '70s and early '80s that have been getting the remake treatment lately .
As edgy and unpredictable as a Mandy Moore video .
When a Stranger Calls is basically a poorly written episode of `` The Babysitter 's Club '' but with a body count .
A scary final 15 minutes , but until the climax and epilogue , we 're confronted with mostly dead air .
Incoherence can be a point . But not when the coherence of the plot -- the endangered babysitter -- is already in circulation .
Then I 'm like ` what 's the movie called ? ' And he 's like ` When a Stranger Calls . ' And I 'm like ` Is it about telemarketing ? '
One of those frustrating films that squanders its own good ideas with sloppy genre cop outs ... but for genre fans used to wading through scores of bad films to find the occasional goodie , this one ai n't half bad .
Put this inane remake on your `` do not call '' list .
This thing is a movie like static is a song .
When the studios start bitching about lackluster blockbuster performance again , feel free to point out that brainless crap like this is a big reason for it .
West dials up a wrong number in this flimsy remake of the 1979 B-movie ... When A Stranger Calls feels about as flat and plastic as a long distance phone card .
The horribly misguided , knuckle-brained advertising campaign ... turns a fairly uninspired thriller into a completely useless one .
An open letter to the filmmakers of the worst movie I 've ever seen in my life ...
awfully drawn out at 90 minutes
One of the premier horror films of recent years .
Stylistically and technically , the film is top-notch .
Where the original had shocks , jolts , creepiness and the horror of a child-murdering monster , this cute-ified version has spooky black cats that jump out of closets and a heroine who ca n't even be bothered to register fear on her face .
There 's little of originality or novel invention here , and certainly nothing of essentiality .
A minimum effort horror movie . It does just enough to scare easily unnerved thirteen-year-old girls , and not much else .
How many false alarms can you have before the audience finally gets impatient and bored ? Two ? Three ? TEN ?!?!?!
While not a complete fiasco , this Screen Gems release mostly fails to get your pulse racing -- a cardinal sin for a thriller .
Even by the lowest standards , this is a frightless , cynically made movie .
-LSB- A -RSB- useless remake .
A modestly clever concept gets indifferent execution in When a Stranger Calls , another bigger-yet-blander remake of an allegedly classic ' '70s shocker .
This latest horror remake may not necessarily pack the same horrifying wallop as the original , but When a Stranger Calls is still a classic example of a babysitter 's worst nightmare .
Elongates its source material 's memorable opening segment to the 83-minute breaking point .
If you 've seen the first 10 minutes of Scream , you 've seen the first half ... this remake is n't terrible , but you know exactly when the director runs out of tricks ...
Not as bad as it could have been , but still a great concept with no actual substance , few scares , and lots of cliches .
Do n't answer this made-for-TV style stinker .
` Dial M for Moronic ' ... the call is still coming from inside the house -- and the stench is coming from inside the theater .
Nothing in this droopy remake of the 1978 thriller starring Carol Kane could possibly be as frightening as the Windex bill for those two-story picture windows , not to mention the ones that surround the indoor arboretum and fish pond .
This week 's installment in the ` this film is so bad we 're not screening it for critics ' series .
Films like this are more sad than anything else .
An excruciating bore , a hopeless hodgepodge of the hoariest imaginable horror movie cliches ... When this ` Stranger ' calls , just hang up .
It 's funny how the story 's mechanics hold up in the age of cells -LRB- static -RRB- and caller ID .
Unless you 're a 13-year-old girl alone at home , there are n't many scares to be found in this horrible , pointless remake
With a low body count and PG-13 gore , `` Stranger '' will have a tough time in the glutted horror market . It takes what was memorable about the original and makes it forgettable .
I expected this film to suck wind like you would n't believe ... . I was pleasantly surprised .
In a just world , teenagers will see the garbage that Screen Gems is trying to shovel down their throats with Stranger , and ignore it like they would a concerned parent .
The call may be coming from inside the house , but that snoring you hear is emanating from inside the theater , and if a viewer listens carefully they 'll probably discover it 's their own .
The bare-bones story simply ca n't survive being stretched to a feature-length running time .
some of the cast is so bad it made me wonder if they won some sort of internet contest , or were the fifth caller on a radio station to get their roles
Heavy duty horror fans will not be willing to pay this phone bill , but the core audience for this PG-13 thriller will more than likely take the Stranger 's call this weekend .
The film contains no suspense , no scares , and absolutely no reason for existing .





@highlight

When a Stranger Calls ranks among the more misguided remakes in horror history , offering little more than a rote , largely fright-free update to the original .