In the end , the film raises more questions than it answers : is this a sympathetic portrait or a hatchet job ? Is Dolezal a pioneer or mentally unstable ? Would she have the same air time if she were a black woman pretending to be white ?
Nobody is helped by a seemingly throwaway moment that attempts to address Dolezal 's supposed transracial identity with that of transgender individuals ... perhaps the film 's most offensive sequence .
The Rachel Divide works hard to give an insider 's view of a story that for some is the case of a woman suffering from a serious sense of cultural displacement and for others is an ongoing attempt to redefine notions of race and what that term ... means .
Docu about controversial `` trans-racial '' woman ; cursing .
There is something sick , twisted and insulting about America 's fixation with Rachel Dolezal and the way her lies have given her a platform , albeit a negative one , that most Black people do n't have .
In the end , The Rachel Divide feels like a feedback loop . And soon enough , we 're bound to hear it again .
Like everything about Rachel Dolezal , it 's complicated , but this film-whether or not it should have ever been made-helps untangle both the motivation for-and the impact of-Rachel Dolezal 's strange choices .
Instead , my empathy is reserved for the Black members of Dolezal 's family , because the tighter she 's insisted on performing Blackness , the more they 've suffered .
Consciousness raising , eye-opening , mind-changing
`` The Rachel Divide '' becomes a disturbing and enthralling drama of the American family , the pain of its truths and its fictions .
The Rachel Divide does n't have an answer for whether what Dolezal did was misguided or poisonous . However , the film does shed light on the sea of outrage and humiliation this scandal has caused .
Its title is a bit too clever , but The Rachel Divide takes a largely serious , respectful and dignified approach toward a subject many would say is undeserving .
The most riveting section of the film is its conclusion , when -LSB- Laura -RSB- Brownson openly questions -LSB- Rachel -RSB- Dolezal and pushes her to answer some uncomfortable questions .
Brownson has done exactly what she needed to : show how Dolezal was formed , how society responded to her insistence that `` race is a construct , '' and how she 's coping in the face of such relentless hatred .
It 's devastating to see so many innocent people torn down by Dolezal 's deceit , and The Rachel Divide benefits immensely by highlighting their voices , including those of some of the NAACP members she worked with .
`` The Rachel Divide '' grapples with Dolezal 's contradictions , as well as with the inherent problems of making a movie about her .
Ms. Brownson has n't figured out how to construct a movie around a figure who essentially owes her fame to the obfuscation of her past .
Dolezal is nicely integrated into a larger discussion of modern America 's grappling with identity fluidity .
The Rachel Divide lets Dolezal continue to dictate the experience through her own perspective , and even hard-hitting words from a handful of sharp critics are drowned out by Dolezal 's unflagging resistance to facing up to her misdeeds .
Her steadfast refusal to acknowledge the opposing view seems to also be a sore spot with both of her sons , who form a crucial foundation for the story .
Dolezal is basically outrage clickbait in human form , and so Brownson is using Dolezal 's negative attention seeking to get attention for herself as a filmmaker . Nothing beyond that has been accomplished here .
A fascinatingly complex , humanizing portrait that faces controversy head-on .
The Rachel Divide is a fascinating and thought-provoking film . But it is also a reminder that the `` larger conversation about race and identity '' always seems to find a way to prioritize white feelings and center white stories .
Far from simply a snapshot of a discussion about race , Brownson 's documentary is a riveting account of self-sabotage , misplaced priorities , and obstinacy run amok .

@highlight

Compelling and disturbing in occasionally unintended ways , The Rachel Divide uses one woman 's infamy to examine modern American race relations .