The corn pone elements begin to stack up -- the swelling strings , the tearful father-son moment , the syrupy voiceover -- and the film starts to resemble an old-fashioned war picture .
Possibly the richest testament Hollywood has yet made about the paroxysm of World War II ... an astounding movie on every level , not the least of which is its common humanity .
Sequences fade into the pack and make it difficult to differentiate one player from the others , much less remember them after the lights go up .
A human-sized contemplation of propaganda and fame
The film strives mightily to make some sort of affecting emotional epic about a bit of history that it itself acknowledges is actually footnote-worthy .
The film is confirmation of Paul Haggis 's predilection for exploitation and easy sentimentality .
Eastwood 's two-film project is one of the most visionary of all efforts to depict the reality and meaning of battle .
Witness to a great director 's vision being slowly strangled by the work of a hired hack .
Reminds us of the great damage that can be done to society 's most vulnerable by those blustering war mongers who are so very far away from the combat they are inciting .
carefully dismantling one heroic archetype only to replace it with another , more nuanced one
A pretty darn good , but not completely great , war movie that pays overdue homage to the WWII veterans who never made it home .
A quest to find the humanity behind the imagery of Iwo Jima that never gets beneath the skin to the real men who became heroes with a single camera shot .
... entertaining yet strangely forgettable ...
Una fuerte y conmovedora película de guerra que es todo un alegato contra la irracionalidad , sobre todo la de los gobernantes que mezclan heroísmo con propaganda . Una nueva culminación de Clint Eastwood como director .
Apesar do tom de importância que empresta a si mesma , A Conquista da Honra é uma empreitada apenas razoável .
No hay tal cosa como los héroes ...
Writers William Broyles Jr. and Paul Haggis believe that they are contrasting the men 's lives with their heroic image . Sadly , what they present to the viewer is yet another fabricated image , and one that is equally false .
Who would have thought that Clint Eastwood would emerge as one of the best and most interesting filmmakers of the early 21st Century ? Given his track record , I certainly would n't have . But with FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS he has made a superb , if uneven , film .
The film as a whole is missing something , with much of the problem lying with the cast -- including Barry Pepper , Jamie Bell and Adam Beach -- who are seriously bland .
Flags of Our Fathers is touched by greatness . It argues that soldiers may go into battle for country and glory but they always end up fighting for the survival of themselves and their comrades .
Here , the feelings run very deep , and dark as dried blood , with Clint aware that some things do n't need to be said and others should n't be shown .
Impressively directed , superbly written and featuring strong performances , this is a compelling , thought-provoking and ultimately moving drama with a timely message .
This elliptical structure demands and rewards close attention for the powerful ironies it illuminates : seeing actions lionised before we see the actions themselves , we confront the contrast between heroism 's reality and its hokey facsimiles .
It 's an intelligent and sincere movie , if a little stodgy .
A 21st Century version of the state-sanctioned , pro-war propaganda designed to instill a sense of patriotism in the Baby Boom Generation back when they were still impressionable babies .
But it is Beach that gives the award worthy work here . As the tour goes on , Hayes begins drinking to the point of self destruction , anxious to get back to his unit and unsure why he has been selected to be away from the men he so badly wants to fight side
The movie ... debunks the -LSB- government 's -RSB- use of the boys as symbols and then turns them back into symbols , though of something else . There 's not a fully realized personality in 132 minutes .
Not as emotional as Million Dollar Baby , nor as astounding as Saving Private Ryan , but Eastwood remains the most astringent American filmmaker around .
Flags of Our Fathers happens to be very good : intelligent , compelling , lovingly made and strikingly appropriate to our present moment in history .
It may be slightly sentimental and melodramatic , but it also says something new and important .
Clint Eastwood 's new World War II movie , `` Flags of Our Fathers , '' is what the recent World War I drama `` Fly Boys '' should have been . It nixes cheap sensationalism to cut to the core of war 's grisly realities .
full review in Greek
Astutely crafted with monochromatic flashbacks to intense battle scenes , this powerfully layered film observes the futility of war , the hypocrisy of the government and the emptiness behind the heroism labels
The film has a lot on its mind , but it is always grounded by the three protagonists
An exciting , thought-provoking and moving motion picture experience .
It 's far from a flag-waver . On that basis -- and many others -- it deserves a spirited salute .
Whereas Spielberg 's movie was emotionally visceral , `` Flags '' is more clinical and less involving psychologically . That said , the movie deals with a fascinating aspect of American history and contains some solid performances by most of the actors .
The film is surprisingly devoid of genuine emotion .
`` Flags of Our Fathers '' is another salute to the talent of Clint Eastwood .
Not only one of the best films of 2006 , but it is one of the best war films in years .
... etches in bold flashes the immense cost and lingering effects of the war .
Although not without flaws , ` Flags of Our Fathers ' is an enlightening and thought-provoking tribute to the heroes of Iwo Jima .
Tendentious voiceovers aside , Flags of Our Fathers remains a thoughtful exploration of the tensions and ironies of the cult of heroism .
A strange , and often brilliant , blend of raging war footage and quiet drama .
... an antiwar film that reminds us that even a war fought for all the right reasons is a horrible waste of human life
Manages the tricky feat of honoring the past while also subtly deflating the attendant mythology that over time attaches itself like a barnacle to a ship side .
This is anything but a big-budget exercise in flag waving . Instead , it is a deeply provocative deconstruction of the very idea of heroism .
An uneven collection of mixed messages and the kind of sledgehammer simplifications that are part and parcel of any movie where Paul Haggis has touched the screenplay .
It 's as though Eastwood expects audiences to be stunned at his insight that the truth is more multifaceted than wartime reporting usually lets on .
Flags offers an interesting history lesson into the Battle of Iwo Jima and the origin of wartime America 's most inspirational photograph , but the massive film lacks emotional resonance .
Flags of Our Fathers is an accomplished , stirring , but , all in all , rather strange movie .
-LSB- Flags -RSB- fits into Eastwood 's late-in-life agenda -- to make violence , even in self-defense , seem soul-killing , and to expose the gulf between reality and myth . After this , how can we ever again make our peace with the iconography of war ?
The absence of a definable cinematic style in ` Flags of Our Fathers ' goes hand in hand with a reluctance to say anything daring or controversial .
Like being flogged over the head with a ten-foot tin flagpole .
Simultaneously a salute to the unselfish sacrifice of America 's soldiers and a rebuke to the ` Mission Accomplished ' photo ops and propagandistic spin that continue to urge young men to their dooms .
It feels disrespectful to say it , but this kind of war movie , like war itself , is starting to feel sickeningly familiar .
Eastwood 's retelling has enough questionable tales that make it seem revisionist . It 's a good enough story to tell it straight without straining to make some negative points .
A film that I expected to enjoy strikes me as 132 minutes of little more than diatribe and violence .
a fine piece of craftsmanship , well put together and boasting good performances , it 's just not as moving as it should be
This film seems dangerously close to embracing the same kind of selective storytelling that it condemns .
Despite handsome production values and a worthwhile subject , Flags of Our Fathers ultimately falls victim to the very hero worship it wishes to debunk .
Flags of Our Fathers is a truly magnificent film that should not be missed .
Does justice to those who are remembered as the Greatest Generation .
If the battle scenes do not evoke the emotion they should , blame the fact that other films like `` Saving Private Ryan , '' `` The Longest Day , '' and `` The Bridge on the River Kwai , '' have done better .
A patriotic anti-war movie . Listening old men talk about war is not visually engaging .
The term `` exposure '' resonates , pertaining not only to the usual `` elements , '' but also to many abuses heaped on the flag-raisers and other veterans generally , and Ira specifically .
There is a lot going on in Flags of Our Fathers , maybe too much for a film that is just over two hours long .
The full weight of a lifetime 's experience has been brought to bear in the unobtrusive staging , the delicate score -LRB- by Eastwood himself -RRB- , and a thoughtful , honest accounting of World War II 's bloodiest and most iconic battle .
Not a bad motion picture , but it is a missed opportunity that sheds fleeting light on what could have been an important historical epic .
It 's been a long time since Clint Eastwood 's movies have indicated that firing a Smith and Wesson was the solution to evil .
An easy film to admire , but an impossible one to love .
Flags of Our Fathers is an elegant , sensitive tribute to the men and women who give their lives to preserve our way of life , but unfortunately it also errs on the wrong side of the dichotomy between military propaganda and paying proper homage . Ult
Clint Eastwood 's Flags Of Our Fathers seems like a potent piece of revisionist history , boldly examining what heroism really means and how it can be manufactured for the `` greater good . ''
The structure of the film is somewhat confusing , but in the end it 's quite educational and extremely emotional . Worth the bucks .
It 's emotionally stirring in some places , eye-opening in others , and a well-told story all the way through .
This is a powerful , important and , in the end , profoundly poignant movie dedicated to the lives of men and women who fight wars and shoulder the burden of becoming ` heroes ' to help the rest of us make sense of what remains incomprehensible .
If the larger vision in Flags is somewhat out of focus , there are many small glimpses and grace notes that show Eastwood 's well-developed sense of the particular in revealing a larger truth .
Once this World War II drama finds its footing -- and much of the film goes by before it does - it 's extremely moving . At the end , a flag dances quietly in a whispering breeze , celebrating the film 's real-life heroes as eloquently as any words .
Flags of Our Fathers is as painstaking as a documentary but without the satisfaction of a documentary or the impact of a drama .
As the tortured , heavy-drinking Hayes , Beach -LRB- Smoke Signals -RRB- is an emotional open wound , and his performance gives the movie its soul .
Flags has the guts to put honest quote remarks around ` the good war '' and ` the greatest generation . ' It honors the fathers and the lost sons by not simply raising a flag .
It 's another example of the admirable and ever-growing complexity of Eastwood 's storytelling , and his continuing eagerness to be honest and enlightening in his movie-making .
A towering achievement for Eastwood and his cast and crew .
Flags of Our Fathers is an elegant re-stating of themes we already know -- that men do n't fight for a cause , or for glory , but for the guy next to them in the foxhole .
Symbols can be moving and powerful summations of feelings . But they should never take the place of the truth .
A finer tribute is hard to imagine .
The clichés undermine the power of the story .
Eastwood storms Mt. Oscar again with Flags of Our Fathers , a stirring ode to American heroism during the battle of Iwo Jima - which also pointedly dissects how that heroism was cynically packaged for public consumption .
In his no-nonsense style , the 76-year-old filmmaker is merely telling the story he was given .
If Flags of Our Fathers lacks human dimension , though , it certainly succeeds as an exploration of the nature of heroism .
Making a movie like -LSB- Flags -RSB- is totally honorable , even pretty heroic . I just wish that it had moved me more .
Flags is more of a director 's film than an actor 's film . Still , special mention must be made of Phillippe , here giving his most complete and nuanced performance , and of Beach , whose Ira Hayes ends up in a drunken downward spiral .
The truth may set you free but it does n't win wars . And it does n't make for rousing war movies either . Just honest ones .
Flags of Our Fathers may well be an accurate depiction of war-zone tumult and its psychic wounds , but that does not make for a cogent narrative .
The case is strong ; it 's the casing , the film , that is uneven and redundant .
There 's some slight , indefinable lack to Flags of Our Fathers , some piece of missing brimstone that keeps it from setting the heart afire , leaving it a wholly admirable piece of filmmaking , but nothing more .
Clint Eastwood has played his share of heroes in the movies . Yet when he directs , his films tend to look at the American legend-making machinery through a critical , squinting eye .
The war scenes are well-staged and the three leads are solid , especially Bradford 's Gagnon , who has a few more character shadings than the other two .
At 76 , Eastwood continues to turn his back on his early image as one of the screen 's meanest butt-kickers .
Some movies and their makers are essential to our understanding of ourselves . Eastwood has become such a director . With Flags , he once again proves he is filmmaker for what ails us but also for what can make us extraordinary .
Flags of Our Fathers is as handsome and gutsy as we want all our soldiers to be . That they ca n't always live up to our needs has more to do with us than with them .
An American masterpiece . It is a searing and powerful work from a 76-year-old artist who remains at the top of his game .
It 's a monumental subject , and this heartsick but diffuse movie only occasionally glimpses its entirety .
`` Flags of Our Fathers '' is a tremendous film about the very beginning of celebrity worship , and our need to invent and memorialize brave men .
The most intriguing , and in some ways most courageous , aspect of Flags is how Eastwood deconstructs the use of the word ` hero . '
The filmmaker takes no prisoners , holds nothing back , just observes the goings on of the political and military establishment as they try to sell their product to a tiring populace .
The campaign to represent Iwo Jima 's heroes was a masterful work of spin . Eastwood leads us to wonder if that deliberate misrepresentation might have been worth it after all .
-LSB- The film 's -RSB- framing device ... smothers the film in a nostalgic glow that spares us the trouble of feeling the movie 's emotions for ourselves .
Awkardly structured and too reminiscent of better films
War is hell , heroism is subjective , and seemingly insignificant events are exploited for the benefit of the power elite . Who knew ?
It 's good , great in spurts , but overall leaves one longing for a story better suited for film .
Although the intentions of the movie are noble and the tale is worth telling , I 'm afraid the reverence with which Eastwood relates his story threatens to choke it .
Delivers the dramatic goods and compels us to rethink our ideas about heroism in World War II and the exploitation of soldiers as hucksters for the war effort .
Viewers expecting a traditional ` war movie ' might be surprised ... But while the film is thoughtful and masterfully made , it ultimately does n't have the impact it could have had .
Forgets what 's truly important .
Clint Eastwood 's Flags of our Fathers is a powerful condemnation of America 's tasteless commercialism and the selling of war .
Not since `` Saving Private Ryan '' has a historical wartime epic packed this kind of powerful emotional wallop .
Broyles and Haggis redundantly hammer home the same point in scene after scene ... while fail -LSB- ing -RSB- in 132 minutes fully to breathe life into their triad of reluctant heroes .
Eastwood and company flatter Bradley 's stoicism while embracing Gagnon 's opportunism . That 's not a crime , but it 's not an act of courage either . Flags of Our Fathers is a decent effort that would n't mind being mistaken for a heroic one .
It is unflinching in making us see what it really means to be a ` war hero . '
Flags of Our Fathers is one of the best movies of the year , one which will be hard to ignore come the Academy Award nominations .
While not Eastwood at his most authoritative , Flags of our Fathers still resonates beautifully with a portrait of lost souls searching for meaning
The insistence on the proliferation of jumping back and forth at will cuts through the heart of these men 's stories and leaves us with only a dead horse that 's beating .
Some of the acting is stiffer than the only one not drinking at an Irish Wake , but Flags of our Fathers is a rare historical snapshot that , true or not , is as honest a movie that you 'll find these days .
It 's a graphic , shocking , challenging , moving and thoughtful movie that gives you even more respect for the men and women who saved the world .
... a thought-provoking take not so much on the battle of Iwo Jima itself , but on the effect a single photo can have on a nation -- both good and bad -- and the perception of war in the eyes of the average citizen .
A brilliantly layered story about war 's heroes and the publicity machine surrounding them ... a numbing , somber movie .
Sincere , competent , and respectful .
Flags does n't single out a true villain , leaving us in yet another gray area where Eastwood and Haggis prefer to linger .
The flaws in Flags of Our Fathers are at least partly attributable to Eastwood 's attempts to do too much . Still , even when he overreaches , he somehow hits the mark .
-LSB- Eastwood -RSB- takes the material as far as he can -- his effort is very impressive -- but ca n't reach all the way to the edge .
His is a deeply affecting account , admittedly a sometimes muddy one , of the band of brothers in THE iconic photograph of World War II .
It is one of the year 's best films and perhaps the finest modern film about World War II .
-LSB- There 's -RSB- something both brilliant and deeply touching in the way the movie explores the nature of heroism and the necessity of defining our values in terms of symbolic figures that reflect but do not necessarily embody those values .
It can and will be seen as ` patriotic , ' a tribute to the armed forces . But it is also , in its clear-eyed depiction of the chaos and carnage of battle , of the soldiers ' quaking fear , and the cruel finality of a bullet or a bomb , very much an antiwar film .
Eastwood 's skeptical film is respectful of the patriots who gave everything in the service of their country , but it pointedly leaves the flag-waving to others .
his sad true story wrings you out emotionally because it 's concerned with both the deaths of young men in battle and what happens when the needs of those who survive clash with what society expects and politics demands .
All good war films ought to be antiwar films at heart , and Flags succeeds in this regard , as a necessary civics lesson -- and a testament to the rebuking of the power of propaganda .
Clearly Eastwood wants the story of what happened to these men to resonate as much for our own era as for theirs . It 's a movie about the toll that heroism extracts in a wartime culture ready-made for heroes .
You could argue that the story is as much about the aftermath as the battle , but Eastwood still jumps around too much .
In his new film about the battle for Iwo Jima , Clint Eastwood says something new and urgent about the uses of war and of the men who fight .
Flags of Our Fathers stands with the best movies of this young century and the old one that preceded it : It 's passionate , honest , unflinching , gripping , and it pays respects .
A creaky history-class lecture .
Cutting back and forth in time , the movie is confusing and slackly paced at first , but it eventually gains its footing .
Half bitter and harsh , half propagandistic and hagiographic , this is the love child of Saving Private Ryan and Pearl Harbor , too sentimental to be intellectually satisfying but too tart to serve as melodrama .
Flags of Our Fathers honors the men of the so-called Greatest Generation while reminding us that mythology always involves a lie or two .
There 's a tremendous amount of material here , and the script covers too much of it , often confusingly .
This is underimagined and so thesis ridden that it 's nearly over before it starts .
Brilliant and poetic , a masterful and all-encompassing story of war .
Flags of Our Fathers is as somber as a funeral and is a muted counterpoint to the tendency to turn war into a celebration of dead heroes and pyrrhic victories .
As a storyteller , Eastwood has rarely seen a period that he could n't transform into an ellipsis or exclamation mark .
Eastwood keeps the complex story steady , demonstrating equal aptitude for filming cataclysmic battle sequences and intimate scenes of dialogue .
Clint Eastwood is a great filmmaker , and the public relations campaign that helped turn around World War II is a great story , but the movie is deeply flawed .
Makes its mark in the moments when war is fought man-to-man -- when we can see on these young soldiers ' faces that home is far , far away .
Flags of Our Fathers barely scratches the surface of his story .
Flags is classic Eastwood , filmed with weighty purpose and , often , skilled precision .
A worthy war film , the rare one that affords its soldiers a quiet grace without turning them into bronze statues .
Is n't perfect , but its flaws arise from an attempt to deliver a message about the complicated nature of heroism that 's worth hearing in our own time of conflict .
... reminds us how heroism , then and today , can be reduced to little more than a marketing gimmick .
While I found the subject matter interesting , I did n't walk out of the theater thinking , this is a really good movie .
Despite a compelling mission for unearthing the exploitative nature of the term `` war hero , '' this picture has limited appeal .
Marks Eastwood 's continuing march to prove he 's a modern John Ford .
... basically The Americanization of Emily without jokes . Still , it 's an interesting story , hindered only by the confusing cutting .
Thanks to an excellent script by Paul Haggis -LRB- based on the book by William Broyles Jr. -RRB- , the characters are rendered richly and honestly , further emphasizing the film 's powerful impact .
Eastwood and company have delivered an absorbing story which sheds light on the men featured in one of the most famous photos in history .
Flags of our Fathers raises interesting questions about heroism and the uses of propaganda , but it left me hungering for more about the battle .
As both war epic and historical character piece , it feels weirdly insubstantial .
In Flags of Our Fathers , Eastwood is here to tell us that the reality of World War II was scarier and darker than any inspirational photograph .
In Flags of Our Fathers , the story behind that Iwo Jima image , Clint Eastwood has crafted a bold and meticulous epic .
An epic both raw and contemplative .
-LSB- Captures -RSB- the spirit of our time with its mixture of cynicism and idealism , irony and conviction , satiric skepticism and red-blooded patriotism .
Brilliantly conceived , articulately written , sensitively acted , filled with deeply penetrating emotions and breathtaking action , it is the greatest cinematic canvas of war since Saving Private Ryan .
Consistently the film is , while not exactly patriotic , at least respectful . And even though it focuses on a battle and a war that took place some 60 years ago , it remains all too resonant and relevant today .
At its best , Flags of Our Fathers is eye opening and though provoking .
The good news is that Flags is a stately , sober picture that boasts excellent production values . The bad news is that it 's not particularly interesting or involving .
With Flags , Eastwood has made one of his best films -- a searching , morally complex deconstruction of the Greatest Generation that is nevertheless rich in the sensitivity to human frailty that has become his signature as a filmmaker .
Clint creates a fascinating topography of hell here , and the amphibious landing is unrelenting ... but the treacle is just as unrelenting , and takes up more screentime .
Despite a robust military opening , the film does n't spark until John Slattery hits screen , from there it blossoms , flashing back , flashing forward , nestling into a nice beat .
Flags of Our Fathers is a film of awesome power and blistering provocation .
A rambling mess of random war images mixed with sentimental recollections ... delivers a generic retelling of events , sampling liberally from other sources without offering anything new .
This cynical World War II film does manage to explore a unique aspect of war . Namely , the selling of war to the public through manufactured , exaggerated or sanitized feel-good stories .
Messrs. Eastwood and Spielberg have turned in a fog of storytelling .
In terms of recent Pacific Theatre flicks , it ai n't much better than John Woo 's instantly forgettable Windtalkers , which is more than a little ironic since both pictures share the same vapid lead -LRB- Adam Beach -RRB- .
There 's a war at the heart of Clint Eastwood 's curdled new battleground epic Flags of Our Fathers , and it is n't WWII .
A pointed exploration of heroism -- in its actual and in its trumped-up , officially useful forms -- the picture welds a powerful account of the battle of Iwo Jima ... with an ironic and ultimately sad look at its aftermath for three key survivors .
A complex , fascinating take on the concept of heroism in war .
The thing most likely to flag is your interest
Effective as epic reconstruction of Iwo Jima 's brutal combat and as timely deconstruction of the flag raising iconic image and the myth of war heroes as fabricated and sold by the power elite .








@highlight

Flags of Our Fathers is both a fascinating look at heroism , both earned and manufactured , and a well-filmed salute to the men who fought at the battle of Iwo Jima .