Eccentric and sweet and director/writer Wes Anderson 's best live-action contribution since The Royal Tenenbaums .
Anderson 's movie is a musical , composed work about how all of the instruments play together ; what it achieves is a rare harmony of form , tone , and subject .
The movie is neither stupid nor offensive , which puts it ahead of a lot of pictures . But I was still perplexed . And , let 's face it , disappointed .
Moonrise Kingdom makes a winning appeal to the precious joys of the pre-teen imagination circa 1965 .
After a while , you want ... the characters to evince some level of real feeling , ugly , extreme , agonized , whatever , as long as there is something that breaks the spell .
` Moonrise Kingdom ' magically recreates a child 's - eye view of the early 1960s , bringing back memories of tents , tree houses , campfires , cub scouts , innocence , and first kisses .
It is no insult to tag Wes Anderson 's Moonrise Kingdom as `` charming '' or `` enchanting . '' Those qualities , sadly missing in this vertigo-inducing era of big screen alien invasions and superhero exploits , are here , three times filled and overflowing .
This is the work of an auteur - confident , but understated ; beautiful , but heartbreaking ; intoxicating , but sobering .
It 's funny , it 's playful , it 's full of nostalgic blasts and period trappings , but most of all it is loving : accepting of the headstrong kids determined to find their place in the world ...
The script may be the film 's greatest strength : the movie is probably Anderson 's most quotable .
Moonrise Kingdom may be a light summer entrée , but it rewards us by serving up a rich romantic fantasy and is n't afraid to share its sweet , beating young heart .
It 's Anderson 's most carefully constrained , painstakingly overdesigned movie , yet also his most gushing and emotionally accessible .
Endlessly subjective to the kids ' fantasy of the world around them , a memory in mind compacted from impressions half-glimpsed , Anderson confects and even perfects a headlong heaven 's - to-Etsy esthetic , in hothouse glory .
Anderson 's woodsy thought process ... elicits a thorough batch of the rainy summer daydreams where most grand childhood adventures and romances are so often had : in heads and hearts , if not in flesh .
Wes Anderson remains trapped in the aquarium of his own imagination .
All the grounding you need comes from the performances of Hayward and Gilman as the young runaways . They seem to have internalized Anderson 's wonky worldview completely .
It 's Wes Anderson 's dollhouse as a home for wayward boys . Turns out , it 's a safe place for adults to hide as well .
The film is frequently funny , always elegant -LRB- or mock-elegant -RRB- , and something that would make Humbert Humbert laugh all the way to his asylum .
Anderson delivers a magnificent blend of artistry , humor and emotional resonance .
To date my favorite Wes Anderson and I do n't characterize myself as an Anderson fan .
It 's doubtful this will win over any outright Anderson sceptics , but ... this is an exciting reaffirmation of talent .
Wes Anderson 's darkest movie yet retains his whimsical sense of humour and Fantastic Mr Fox-styled absurdity .
One of the ten best films of 2012 .
At its heart , Moonrise Kingdom is a sweet and surprising love story with a healthy twist of typically warped humour .
The Houston native and University of Texas graduate beautifully blends humor and pathos to create what 's bound to be one of the best movies of the year .
People who enjoy being immersed in his singular vision wo n't be disappointed at all .
Anderson 's manner becomes a second skin and essential to the script , making Moonrise Kingdom a most comfortable way to watch matters uncomfortable .
Easily among the best of -LSB- Anderson 's -RSB- works , it 's a technically marvelous film with spot-on performances , a gorgeously realized score , and impeccable production design .
In the summer of big , expensive superhero flicks , Moonrise Kingdom evokes awe , wonder and the magic of escapism in a much smaller and more precious way .
Another quirky comedy from Wes Anderson who is an acquired taste I have not acquired .
a farce of whimsical philosophical import
It 's like a picturesque , ride down a long countryside road in autumn bursting with wonderful imagery ; richly developed characters complimented by an excellent score that quickly brings you into this small in scope , but big on brilliance effort .
Films that can charm kids and adults in equal measure are rare . This is one of them .
So precise it could be alien , so raw and aching it has to be human . Competes with the best of Anderson . A film to be celebrated .
This is the best film I 've seen so far this year .
With its deadpan dialogue and damaged characters , Moonrise Kingdom casts a unique and charming spell and is surprisingly hopeful .
Moonrise Kingdom remains - for the most part - a gem of a film , and clear indication that Wes Anderson is only getting better with age .
If you can fully get on Anderson 's wavelength you may find this film transportive . I , however , thought it was far too quaint .
How Wes Anderson stitches it all together is far beyond the reach of most filmmakers . His approach is artful without pretension , gorgeous and composed without feeling forced , charming and innocent but never trite .
Moonrise Kingdom is a totally charming and enchanting piece of work from director Wes Anderson , who along with a great cast provide one of the delights of the year .
Moonrise Kingdom is enchanting and warm like fond memories of your first love ; but with a self-awareness that sees the hilarity in the eccentrics that abound .
Wes Anderson 's refreshingly original `` Moonrise Kingdom '' is an unconventional children 's adventure for adults , filled with with striking colors , textures and humor , and teeming with childhood innocence .
... it reminds us of the way we -LRB- mis -RRB- apprehended the world when we were children , the way we strained to hear the adults in conference , the way we looked for clues in their manner and fastened our attention on ... random or inconsequential details .
The reputation of Wes Anderson as one of America 's most consistently over-rated directors gets another boost with his latest exercise in stylistic posturing and forced whimsy .
The divide between childhood and adolescence as a nature stroll
So many scenes will leave you with raised eyebrows and a wry smile .
The most Wes Anderson-ish film Wes Anderson has ever made , ` Moonrise Kingdom ' wo n't convert any naysayers to the cause , but fans of his work will have a ball .
Moonrise Kingdom , which the director wrote with regular collaborator Roman Coppola , feels like his most emotionally honest work since his 1998 breakthrough , Rushmore .
It 's not my favourite Wes Anderson film but I do like it very much .
His singular take on young love on the run from any sort of authority has moments of sheer oddness , but it 's all of a piece with his other work and you are either an Anderson fan or you 're not .
There are many echoes of Anderson 's earlier films , particularly Rushmore and Tenenbaums . He 's an unapologetic romantic and Moonrise Kingdom is a study in wish-fulfillment .
Let the haters hate , but Anderson continues to build a distinctive filmography on par with any of his contemporaries .
Most will happily accept , and be truly enraptured by what unfolds .
Moonrise Kingdom is an extremely sweet and heartfelt portrayal of young love and how such love inspires the lives of others who encounter it .
A hit of nostalgia in 50 shades of brown
Around the time of his disappointing and detached The Life Aquatic , I wondered if Wes could still tell real stories . He can . His way . That is all we can ever ask of a filmmaker .
A complex set of cinematic pleasures , ranging from its vibrant , eccentric visual presentation to its deadpan humour and superb performances . Oh , and the music !
The brush strokes are uniquely Anderson
It 's a collection of cockeyed ideas compressed into a narrative that 's utterly devoid of any actual attachment .
As detached as the filmmaking sometimes appears , I daresay you can feel something pure coming off of the screen . Moonrise Kingdom is a stellar film .
Summer lovin ' just got a whole more stylish thanks to Wes Anderson .
Quirky , random , and surprisingly endearing for a Wes Anderson film -- likely his best .
Funny , touching , sweet and drenched in '60s nostalgia , but reverberating with distant , haunting echoes of adolescent longing for practically anyone who grew up anytime , anyplace , anywhere .
`` Moonrise Kingdom '' is the type of movie that is charming for the soul and makes your brain happy in the process . All in all , it 's just a heartfelt and well-written experience that will appeal to everyone .
These charming kids give `` Moonrise Kingdom '' the warm glow of a summer fairy-tale , one you 'll want to hear again .
A sweet love story .
Pure Joy . This film 's heroes may be pint-sized but their emotions and dreams are larger than life .
My immediate response is that it 's a masterpiece and the best film to come out so far this year .
The offbeat , pixilated universes created by writer/director Wes Anderson -LRB- Rushmore , The Royal Tenenbaums , Fantastic Mr. Fox -RRB- are an acquired taste .
It 's hard to judge a movie as a movie when you want to live inside it .
Magical Moonrise a Romantic Delight .
Sweet , not saccharine
Intermittently amusing , distinctive , not always easy to digest
Moonrise Kingdom left me thunderstruck . ... Anderson contrasts a world in disorder with a well-pitched campsite , where everything is in its right place .
Anderson 's movies work best if they 're about kids or cartoon animals .
Among the all-stars , Edward Norton made me repeatedly chuckle , and it 's always a pleasure to see Bruce Willis when he 's not operating in paycheck-whore mode .
A sweetly kooky ode to the intensity of young love . The movie balances broad comedy with occasionally surreal quirk , while still holding the emotional center .
The adults who are so desperate to return the kid fugitives to their care actually envy the children 's freedom , irresponsibility and , yes , love -- in a word , their youth : The kingdom that makes exiles of us all .
The frustrating Anderson is improving , and he may one day shed the collegiate hipster aura that infuses his work .
The plot is n't as fetching as the presentation , starting with the tersely whimsical dialogue . There are n't punch lines for big laughs , but rather a seamless series of non sequiturs for smiles .
It 's funny , it 's touching , it 's Anderson doing what he does better than he 's ever done before .
Wonderfully inventive and entirely immersing .
The great thing about Wes Anderson , other than his fabulously childlike imagination , is his deep attention to the smallest details .
This is n't Wes Anderson 's best effort by any stretch . However , any Anderson is better than no Anderson at all .
Kingdom benefits as well from a better designed story that does not weave restlessly the way his last did , but it 's still not going to convince anyone who does n't already like what Anderson does to follow along .
This film contains some of cinema history 's best lightning strikes .
Wes Anderson 's films are stylistic carbon copies of each other , merely swapping out storylines and characters . It 's like going to a bunch of different restaurants and ordering the exact same meal -- you walk in knowing what you 're going to get .
Most of Wes Anderson 's previous pictures came from the head ; Moonrise Kingdom is one from the heart .
Moonrise Kingdom is a charming reminder of Anderson 's particular talent for spinning fantasies about the collective childhood we all wish we had .
Anderson never loses his core themes - young love , the need to escape , the bind and bluster of family . His `` Kingdom '' may not be large , but it is perfectly appointed .
As fussy as anything Anderson has ever done , but instead of being overstuffed , as virtually all of his movies have been , for good and ill , -LSB- the film -RSB- is mostly delicate .
A sometimes precocious but mostly whimsical and artfully fluent evocation of adolescent enthusiasm and adult ennui .
Anderson 's latest effort is like an Instagram photo - a nostalgic snapshot that seems to be of different time and place but is really the twee affectation of a world that never existed .
-LSB- Anderson -RSB- may make it look easy because of how firmly his mannerisms are established at this point , but it takes a real artist to evoke the rocky emotional storms of adolescence and adulthood with such clear eyes and precise voice .
Anderson 's films have been described as quirky , eccentric and whimsical . But there is also a genuine charm and heart that is driven by the Anderson 's love for his characters , and the love those characters have for one another .
Wes Anderson , at 43 , is still grappling with adolescence .
More unbearable Anderson whimsy .
When the storm arrives , it 's a doozy , especially as it intensifies a final , thrilling chase sequence .
Only Anderson could find the subtle brilliance in a shirtless , ax-wielding Murray dejectedly declaring `` I 'm going outside to find a tree to chop down . ''
Did you think Wes Anderson had no more tricks up his sleeve , that he was just showing us the same thing over and over again , that he could n't surprise us ? Wrong .
`` Moonrise Kingdom , '' which could be Anderson 's most honest movie yet , also contains arguably his two most mature characters , who both happen to be 12 .
Exactly what you expect from Anderson , and also dangerously close to overstaying its welcome .
The performances from Hayward and Gilman , as runaways , are at the heart of the film , and they manage to seem both innocent and powerful .
Phonies may complain that Anderson 's island of misfit toys is a retreat from the real world , but for pure-hearted adventurers who share the secret map , `` Moonrise Kingdom '' is a joy that can not be eclipsed .
Though undeniably smart and charming , `` Moonrise Kingdom '' loves itself the way the callow Holden Caulfield loves himself : unconditionally . Salinger understood the problem with that . Anderson may not .
It 's sweet , charming , quirky , imaginative , poignant , and whimsical . Just what a Wes Anderson film should be .
Anderson has trouble sticking the landing , but `` Moonrise Kingdom '' is in many ways the most satisfying flight he 's taken us on in years .
`` Moonrise Kingdom '' takes place in a world where everything seems pleasantly faded , where people read crackly-covered library books rather than e-books , and where young people are allowed to be genuinely innocent .
A remarkable story , stopping to survey the author 's superlative descriptions and attention to the tiniest fragments of heartbreak . It 's a treat to watch unfold , sweetened gorgeously by Anderson 's magical manner of thinking .
The latest unadulterated delight from Wes Anderson , director of `` Rushmore , '' `` The Royal Tenenbaums '' and `` Fantastic Mr. Fox . ''
The usual complaints and caveats about Anderson - he 's precious , his characters have no grounding in the real world - can be made about Moonrise Kingdom , but so what ?
I loved every second of `` Moonrise Kingdom . ''
Anderson and his actors are able to convey more genuine feeling through these devices than most filmmakers can with more-traditional means .
Thoroughly well scripted and well-acted . May be the greatest work to date from one of the greatest directors working .
Moonrise Kingdom 's heartfelt search and rescue of a feel-good result provides a perfect , even musical counterpoint to its regimented summer camp .
One knock against some of Anderson 's previous efforts is that they 're too clever - so clever , in fact , that the humanity gets sucked out of them . That does n't happen here .
For the first time , Anderson 's artifice has worked against him .
This is a Wes Anderson film . It 's gon na be quaint . It 's gon na be wry . It 's gon na look just like Anderson 's other features . But is that such a bad thing ?
A marvelously funny , wry script
Despite the star power on display here , the movie is not for everyone
Anderson 's best feature since Rushmore , in part because , like that film , it takes as its primary subject matter odd , precocious children , rather than the damaged and dissatisfied adults they will one day become .
Wes Anderson 's best work in a decade , as he returns to the nimble territory precariously balanced between fairy-tale whimsy and genuine emotion
There 's no denying the extravagant pleasures `` Moonrise Kingdom '' affords as an erudite wish-fulfillment fantasy of empowerment and autonomy .
A tad too twee for its own good .
Moonrise Kingdom might be Wes Anderson 's purest work yet -- a tender tale of longing and melancholy as seen through the eyes of a handful of people on an isolated -LRB- fictional -RRB- island off the coast of New England .
Last time out , in Fantastic Mr. Fox , Wes Anderson adapted a children 's book by Roald Dahl . Now , in Moonrise Kingdom , he 's made one of his own .
Anderson 's most involving and sardonically funny movie since Rushmore -LRB- and maybe better -RRB- .
Another great film from Anderson , and the beginning of a fantastic career for Hayward .
The adventurous circumstances and sensations of young love permeate Moonrise Kingdom .
It 's the filmmaker 's best piece of live-action cinematic art since ` Rushmore ' and nicely joins ` Fantastic Mr. Fox ' in his return to fine form . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Moonrise Kingdom feels like a culmination , like Anderson has been working towards this one movie .
Wes Anderson films are not so much directed as curated .
Funny and heartfelt in equal measure , `` Moonrise Kingdom '' is a top-to-bottom charmer and one of the most heartfelt peans to the power of young love that you will see anytime soon .
It 's an adventure , a love story , a biblical allegory complete with approaching storm , a mash note to composer Benjamin Britten and a profoundly touching discourse on the needs of troubled children .
Has individual moments that are alluring to the eyes , but like the aforementioned dollhouse where Suzy lives , take a closer look inside and it becomes obvious how artificial all the parts are .
`` Moonrise Kingdom '' is Anderson 's seventh movie , and it 's the first since `` Rushmore '' that works from the opening shot to the final image .
Who else can capture with such chilling accuracy that fragile period between childhood and disillusionment , the time when the novelty of true love overwhelms the heart with its immensity and futility ?
If you can meet with realism and surrealism and treat those two impostors just the same , then yours are the movies and everything in them . I 'm paraphrasing Emilio Estevez but I think you get the idea .
It 's a fable about what it feels like to be 12 years old and afflicted , from head to toe , by a romantic crush the size of a planet .
A true delight - a fun , clever , and , of course , whimsical tale about the days when love seemed worth running away from home over and getting a scout badge meant the world .
Anderson 's most delightfully bittersweet live-action movie since The Royal Tenenbaums .
Like all Wes Anderson movies , it is naïve , mannered , pretentious and incomprehensible .
Wes Anderson 's mind must be an exciting place for a story idea to be born .
Wes Anderson 's most intimate film since Bottle Rocket -LRB- 1996 -RRB- and maybe his most deeply felt overall .
Hayward and Gilman are newcomers who are asked to carry much of the film and pull it off with lovely understatement and extraordinary believability .
Its moments of transporting beauty and visual brilliance overcame my growing aversion to Wes Anderson 's brand of ultra-stylized archness .
A gossamer fable of adolescent romance , played out with the cheekily whimsical , visually delicious style for which Anderson is famous .
We may look back on Anderson 's works as we do on the boxes of Joseph Cornell -- formal troves of frippery , studded with nostalgic private jokes , that lodge inexplicably in the heart . In Moonrise Kingdom , that lodging is already under way .
Wes Anderson 's most sartorially significant film yet .
At once funny and melancholic , whimsical and poignantly true .
One is at times reminded of AE Housman .
Moonrise Kingdom is a delight ... stuffed full of the quirky details and gags that are Anderson 's trademarks , but it also possesses an emotional undertow that will tug at those viewers in tune with its singular sensibility .
Capturing our inner children
If the deadpan sensibility of the film ultimately leaves it feeling a tad lightweight , that is n't to say that Moonrise Kingdom is n't a funny , witty and well-crafted film .
Typically quirky Wes Anderson dramedy has lots of heart .
A bittersweet and evocative period piece that 's both a visual and narrative delight .
No one has an eye or sensibility like Anderson 's , but this is a chilly disappointment . The unaffecting kids are meant to be the emotional center , yet the adults steal the film .
I really wanted to like this film . I respect Wes Anderson and his distinctive voice as a writer-director -LRB- ` Rushmore ' is one of my favorite films of the 1990s -RRB- , but this latest endeavor is so precious and self-aware that it nearly smothers itself .
Those who find the director 's work flawed by preciousness , however , may grow impatient well before the movie reaches the 90-minute mark .
It makes you nostalgic for the pangs of young love .
Anderson has imagined the '60s on the East Coast as if from an Eddie Bauer catalog and Boys ' Life , with the sensibility of The New Yorker .
Like many holiday locations , you would n't want to live there , but a mini-break from the norm can be a real tonic .
A sweet , charming and altogether delightful bit of whimsy from writer/director Wes Anderson .
I normally end up liking Wes Anderson 's films , but I love this one .
` Moonrise Kingdom captures , ' as few films ever have , the thrilling flush of a first love -LRB- or crush , at least -RRB- , but it also remembers the agony of pre-teen solitude .
The delightful Moonrise Kingdom marks a career high for offbeat auteur Wes Anderson .
Moonrise Kingdom is bewitching .
What makes it an Anderson movie are the things he adds which mark all his films - the pop-cultural obsessions and excruciatingly detailed set decorations , overarching thematic concerns and little stylistic tics .
I liked this one because of its young performers , the evocative island setting -LRB- filmed in Rhode Island -RRB- , Alexandre Desplat 's lovely score and Robert Yeoman 's slightly grainy cinematography .
There 's a whole lot wonderful running around this particular Kingdom ... once we embrace the tongue-in-cheek firmly hammered into place .
` Moonrise Kingdom ' made a believer out of a long-time naysayer , and that 's really something .
... a courtship both innocent and precocious .
The quirk might be laid on a bit thick ... -LSB- but -RSB- the Andersonian humor is also laid on pretty thick in a good way , and most of it comes at the expense of the adults .
Visually striking and boasting beautifully measured central performances , this tale of love , redemption and dissipating innocence should delight viewers of every age .
Beautifully written , amazing to look at , funny and moving , fans of Anderson will have a ball with this truly wonderful film .
The director 's best film since 1998 's Rushmore , it has none of the self-conscious smugness of The Life Aquatic or the empty eccentricity of The Royal Tenenbaums .
A gorgeously shot , ingeniously crafted , über-Andersonian bonbon that , even in its most irritatingly whimsical moments , remains an effective deliverer of cinematic pleasure .
`` Moonrise Kingdom '' breezes along with a beautifully coordinated admixture of droll humor , deadpan and slapstick .
Beguiling and endearing ...
In this tale about growing up and falling in love , it seems Anderson has found his true heart .
The auteur 's calculated quality persists in his latest film , but Moonrise Kingdom exudes a warmth and innocence generated by the earnest adolescent romance at its core .
With lots of good jokes and very funny child actors , plus adults who carry the emotional weight the children can not , Moonrise Kingdom has elements that hold up to the best of what Anderson has done
The hilarious and heartfelt Moonrise Kingdom is a consistent pleasure . By evoking the joys and terrors of childhood , it reminds us how to be alive .
For all the self-conscious distancing techniques and quirky humor Anderson employs , when he 's at his best , his work can be surprising in its disarming emotion .
From the opening shot of a cross-stitched house hanging on a wall of the home it pictures , `` Moonrise Kingdom '' is unmistakably a Wes Anderson film and it is his best film since his best film `` Rushmore ... ''
For all the movie 's technical meticulousness , the storytelling still has a wiggly-waggly quality , like a dangly loose tooth .
Even as Anderson pushes us away , the kids - and a wonderful Willis , as their self-appointed protector - reach out and pull us back in .
Only now and again does one get a wash of something unifying , deep - a suggestion of adult depression and disillusion .
It 's never hugely funny or moving - Anderson 's movies are too stylised and detached for that - but it has charm and a lovely performance from Willis as a weary local cop who 's never found true love .
Tender , melancholy and nostalgic , it 's one of Wes Anderson 's best fantasy films .
A whimsical tale about a different kind of storm - adolescence before adulthood .
This gently engaging adventure is his warmest , wittiest film since The Life Aquatic . It keeps us smiling all the way through .
Moonrise Kingdom is Anderson 's most completely satisfying film since the one-two of Rushmore and The Royal Tenenbaums , in part because it 's the perfect distillation of both .
Director Wes Anderson releases a quirky , almost storybook tale of adolescent love in a bygone era .
A wonderfully refreshing experience , one that 's got humor and heart , and , overall , is just a very well planned and well made production .
Moonrise is a typical Wes Anderson production , quirky to the point of becoming irritating .
As per the director 's norm , the film offers a triumph of style over substance . But sometimes , when it 's not just typical summertime bombast , that 's what you need .
Anderson has n't lost his puckishly charming genius for cinema-as-diorama visuals . Yet a lot happens in this film , and not a lot of it matters .
Wes Anderson 's fanciful , heartfelt tale of two 12-year-old runaways will delight his fans and may even win some converts among those who 've resisted his hermetic style .
Moonrise Kingdom is a deeply romantic film , perhaps the sweetest and most compassionate Anderson has ever made .
Resembles a novelization of Godard 's Pierrot le Fou as conceived by storybook artist Richard Scarry .
A living storybook with the emotional depth to boot .
A wonder-inducing film from Wes Anderson about the authentic quest of two oddball teens who just want to be free .
Only die-hard curmudgeons will remain unmoved .
Wes Anderson 's seventh feature is a delight from start to finish , thanks to a wonderful script , a typically fabulous soundtrack , achingly stylish direction , gorgeous production design work and terrific performances from a superb cast .
The most extraordinary usage of mise en scène I 've seen . By that I mean
A continuously surprising and delightful adolescent romance set in 1965 , in what appears to be a dollhouse .
Its portrait of young love is both mature and defiantly utopian .
It 's an extraordinary thing , from start to finish .
There 's a certain giddy airlessness to Moonrise Kingdom ... And yet that cinematic hypoxia creates its own kind of high , if you can adjust to the altitude .
If you love Wes Anderson , you 'll love this : The best of what he can do is vibrantly on display .
It left me bemused instead of moved , but true Andersonites will likely float away in a state of nirvana .
As funny , bittersweet and as distinct as you 'd expect from Wes Anderson , a director who helps you know you are not alone .
This jaunty romp , written by Anderson with Roman Coppola , is a delightful succession of sombre pronouncements and sight gags in the service of a tale with a bittersweet emotional core .
If you hate Wes Anderson , this movie wo n't change your mind , but believers should be enchanted .
Fleet , funny , impeccably orchestrated : whimsical Wes returns on top of his game .
Terrific work by an enviably talented filmmaker , with a wistful poignance that will stick with you .
Wes Anderson 's seventh film feels like a Greatest Hits package . Which if you 're a Wes fan will make you very happy .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Wes Anderson has honed his formally composed vernacular of kitschy nostalgic magic realism cinema to a super fine point .
For the first 15 minutes or so , Moonrise Kingdom feels like the movie Wes Anderson 's detractors have always accused him of churning out . Then it finds its footing and becomes a film that only Anderson could have made .
Its childishness , sense of innocence and eye for fun all make it a very easy film to love .
Cheers for a Cannes director who has infused his technical mastery with radiant life . In the Museum of the World of Wes Anderson , the dolls are dancing .
The biggest coup here is that Anderson has finally managed to anchor his trademark whimsy with a sincere and heady romanticism , and by the end , you may even be reaching for your immaculately embroidered handkerchief -LRB- or neck scarf -RRB- to wipe away the tears .
A worthy addition to Anderson 's canon -- his deadpan wit meshes nicely with a generous view of human imperfections .
The film is almost unfailingly funny , but it also has a rapt quality , as if we are viewing the events through Suzy 's binoculars or reading the story under the covers by a flashlight .
An absolute smash . It 's a gloriously overemotional tale of two pre-teen lovers full of lime-soaked scenery and pleasingly stilted 1960s telephone conversations .
This is an adult film about children rather than a children 's film , per se . Youngsters should , however , love it and their parents be pleased they 've seen it too . Very rare , that .
Anderson aficionados are bound to warm to Moonrise Kingdom . Non-fans may take more persuading , but should enjoy themselves in the end .
Anderson throws so much non-sensical stuff at the weaker-than-normal script that Moonrise Kingdom feels like a giant waste of money and a caché of squandered talent .
Hugely charming , and featuring both typically excellent cast performances , and some wonderful technical flourishes .
Anderson 's film breezes irresistibly on style , charm , a lovely score by Alexandre Desplat and that winning indie ensemble .
Moonrise Kingdom represents a sort of non-magical Neverland -- that momentous instant when the world can seem so small and a naive crush can feel all-consuming .
A literate , knowing and sweet-hearted reverie about adolescence , that strange gap between childhood and adulthood . It 's beautifully rendered by a filmmaker very much in touch with his inner rebel kid .
Undeniably the work of a director with a very specific and pointed comic style who 's not for every taste . Those who succumb to its charms will be transported .
Wes Anderson 's fable of misunderstood youths is a meticulously made , overly calculated art film in which the director controls every element
A very charming , beautifully wrought , if somehow depthless film - eccentric but heartfelt , and thought through to the tiniest , quirkiest detail in the classic Anderson style ...
As in Fantastic Mr. Fox , Anderson is able to express sincere personal connection and compatibility while employing a highly artificial style .
The enchanting sweetness of `` Fantastic Mr. Fox '' has been transplanted into `` Moonrise Kingdom , '' a delicate period love story whose slightness is mitigated by its deep feeling .
This is Anderson being Anderson . I 'm quite happy with that . It 's realistic imagination overload .

@highlight

Warm , whimsical , and poignant , the immaculately framed and beautifully acted Moonrise Kingdom presents writer/director Wes Anderson at his idiosyncratic best .