Director David O. Russell 's film is dragged down by a confusing tone , but makes up for it with a satisfying look at the way Mangano built her business empire from the ground up .
There are many good materials and scenes in Joy , but the movie suffers from two problems that keep it from becoming truly successful .
Joy is a mess from start to finish ; a movie that starts out reasonably entertaining , peaks in the middle with the actual selling of the mop , and then comes tumbling down like London Bridge
It may be an even greater testament to Lawrence 's talent that she shines through an otherwise choppy movie . Her pluck , her determination and her eventual triumph are well worth rooting for .
Heartbreaking , uplifting , liberating ... Joy makes you instill faith in your abilities once again . It has that The Pursuit of Happyness -LRB- 2006 -RRB- feel to it .
The titular character 's real-life counterpart changed the face of American innovation . Her cinematic portrayal - a very fictionalized biopic - does n't .
The not so good news is it 's in a very long and not very funny film about mops .
While he has all the right ingredients , Russell is n't much of a cook . He stirs and stirs to haphazard results .
It may boast a star-studded cast , but Joy thrives mainly because of -LSB- Jennifer -RSB- Lawrence 's performance .
Oh Mr. Russell , you 're nothing if not predictable .
Diane Ladd , who narrates in her honeyed drawl , elevates the scenario as Joy 's encouraging grandmother , but as female empowerment pictures go , Joy is a bit of a dud .
Joy is far from Joyful ; with an uninteresting narrative , performances that feel drained of passion and a filmmaker caught between his roots and his new-found mainstream sensibility , it is an utter mess .
A briskly entertaining film about a woman who `` makes it '' as an entrepreneur , even if the film fosters Horatio Alger type illusions in a period of deep capitalist decline .
Joy ends up feeling like a missed opportunity .
Throughout , you 're never really given the chance to figure out what makes Joy tick .
The occasional use of dream sequences and flashbacks , particularly to Joy 's courtship and marriage , are jarring . But Russell draws out expert performances from the ensemble .
Joy feels joyful ; it is joyful ; it is dreamlike and completely trivial ; but it knows it is trivial .
A rare misstep for director David O. Russell . There are good things about it , but not enough to make it worth your time .
Alternately frustrating and disappointing , the film touts its true-story roots . But despite Lawrence 's doggedly good-natured work , it 's hard to fall in love with a woman and her mop .
It 's as if Russell 's earnestness has trumped the sly wit that 's always been his saving grace .
Having Jennifer Lawrence as a lead makes this film worth watching . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I love the expedition that this wonderfully complex heroine is on , watching her use her intelligence to get what she wants out of life is gloriously gratifying .
The true joy in this movie is another standout performance from Lawrence and its definitely worth watching for that alone , however the story of the Miracle Mop inventor is seriously lacking in any kind of sparkle .
It 's a fascinatingly dysfunctional star vehicle , but given its apparent goals , a successful one .
The joy in this 124-minute drama comes from watching the fabulously chosen cast play off each other .
I am a huge Jennifer Lawrence fan -- I think she is an intuitive and smart actress -- and it 's great that she 's been given a part this meaty to sink her teeth into . And I get why Russell cast her ... But boy oh boy , is she miscast .
-LSB- Russell -RSB- is great at making the audience like his lovable underdogs ; when he tries to lionise them , the effort feels insincere .
Joy is worth seeing for Lawrence alone .
While Joy is enjoyable enough , perhaps it 's time for the director to move on and find new ingredients .
It works almost entirely due to the passion and drive that Lawrence brings to the screen .
It 's a messy script , even by Russell 's own lax standards ; characters disappear for huge swaths of the narrative , story strands do n't pay off , and big emotional beats are so overcooked they smoke up the screen .
Engrossing , moving , funny and filled with charismatic performances , Joy just might be that film everyone looks back on in 10 years with exclamations of `` underrated '' .
In his misguided attempt to make what he surely believes is a tribute to an entire gender , David O Russell lost sight of only thing he should n't have : Joy .
-LSB- Its -RSB- first fifty minutes are so tacky , so leaden , and so aimless that all the floor care intrigue in the world ca n't save it .
The movie 's quieter moments provide the necessary depth so that the ultimate litmus test is fulfilled : When Joy presents her mop on QVC , you feel every bit of her emotions .
It 's just another likeable Russell-Lawrence knockabout .
Even though David O. Russell 's latest project is not completely without its faults and flaws , Joy ... offers just enough quirkiness and off-beat charm to make this occasionally confusing , yet inspiring , story about hope , dreams and a magic mop .
Joy may be the story of the exceptional woman who invented the Miracle Mop - but the heartstrings David O. Russell plucks are universal .
Joy is beautifully crafted by writer/director David O. Russell ; the imperceptible subjective style allows it to overcome almost all of those biopic poison chalices ; Jennifer Lawrence 's focal performance is dazzling ; and yet , it 's disposable .
The film 's plot is n't entirely convincing and the ending leaves you with an empty sense of satisfaction , unlike other David O. Russell films . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's laissez-faire in cheap white-gold jewelry ; an Old Hollywood knock off with more personality than the real thing .
A number of the performances work , they just do n't work together . Russell ca n't decide what kind of movie this is , and neither can his actors .
Joy is indeed joyous , but , just like the recent Pixar animation Inside Out , it does n't forget that it is sadness that completes the equation of balance .
What should be a timely picture about the fragility of the American Dream , the struggles of innovation , or even something as broad as `` daring women '' is all in service of Russell trying to get us to buy a product he does n't even know how to use anymore .
Joy is a small-stakes story told with the highest of energy .
Fortunately , Russell in his sincerity has his thoughts on the cotton and also something more : the possibility of being oneself and connecting authentically with other people , in a society warped by artifice . In other words , Joy stars Jennifer Lawrence .
Joy is worth the admission price just to see the performances and to check how rebellious and original O'Russel can be as a director and writer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An uneven fairytale about an inventor perfectly portrayed by Jennifer Lawrence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joy , for all its mannered quirkiness , may be unique in being a film with no dramatic integrity whatsoever .
It 's all over the place in the worst way , stacking the deck against its heroine so high that everyone besides her comes across as a one-dimensional cartoon character .
Disappointing . No , I 'm being too generous : it 's a complete disaster . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Jennifer Lawrence hits it out of the park with a character made especially for her . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The story , with more fiction than fact , is inspiring and filled with humor , and has fascinating sequences , just like an infomercial . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joy is proof that Jeniffer Lawrence is one of the best actrecesses of her generation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jennifer Lawrence teams up again with David O Russell for -LSB- this -RSB- off-kilter comic biopic ... and if the results do n't quite have the same giddy dazzle as their previous efforts ... the film does show off its star 's effervescent charisma to great effect .
A biopic that switches excitement for total lack of interest . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The fable of the rise of a self made woman , an ode to entrepeneurs , with an idealized heroine and an explicit message . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With this film you feel like it owe you something , that the idea could share or show more and the characters and their experiences deserve a better portrayal . But thats a lot to ask to Russel . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An acceptable film with a very strong and timely message . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Told in a very conventional way , this melodrama highlights the importance of believing in yourself , however , it lacks the caustic layers O. Russell usually injects his films with . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Endings have never been Russell 's strong suit . This time the beginning also eluded him , and the middle fell into his lap . Joy leaves a feeling of panicked disappointment , as if phone lines are open and nobody 's calling .
finds a new level of uplift , not just in its protagonist 's success , but in how that success can be used graciously for the benefit of those who are standing where she once stood and looking upward
A decent story that does n't live up to Rusell 's standards set by his other films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another flop from David O'Russell that not even Jennifer Lawrence can save . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Russell retakes his old themes and modernized fetiches amking them shine in an old retro light . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very well paced story , even if it 's sometimes more superficial than previous works of the director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Joy delivers the minimum to keep the viewer entertained , but it 's missing intensity and trascendence . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not even -LSB- Jennifer Lawrence 's -RSB- considerable charms can mop up a mess of moviemaking that favors its actors ' improvisation over efficiency and pace .
It 's a kind of a mess . But it 's a great mess , a staggering attempt to update something that Frank Capra might have made and place it in the bi-polar present .
Inspiring but uneven drama about Miracle Mop inventor .
After Silver Linings Playbook and American Hustle , mercurial filmmaker David O. Russell reunites with Jennifer Lawrence , Bradley Cooper and Robert De Niro for an offbeat biopic about the woman who invented the Miracle Mop .
Joy 's `` inspired by '' story does n't bore and yet there 's not much to cheer about ...
Jennifer Lawrence is n't enoguh to save this movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jennifer Lawrence does a tremendous job as the title character in this inventive and inspiring drama .
A competing product , well done , which works with the ability to feel empathy for it and for his director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another crazy , messy episode of David O. Russell 's This American Life .
All the usual fun Russell crossfire is here , however , with people speaking their kooky minds and getting in each other 's business .
It 's a fascinating story but , as a film , lacks focus and momentum , playing more like a creative experiment than a finished product .
Jennifer Lawrence gives another great performance as a woman under a lot of stress trying to run a successful business against long odds . In this biographical drama based on the life of Joy Mangano , Lawrence plays the title character .
Some grandiose opening sentiments about celebrating female determination noted , Russell 's mad film comes across like a buzzy , energetic work in progress .
The movie 's a shambles , alternatingly agreeable and aggravating , held together by our interest in its heroine and by Lawrence 's tremendously sympathetic performance .
Russell lays it on pretty thick with Joy 's quirky , suffocating family but Lawrence creates the kind of plucky underdog you are only too happy to cheer and Joy is a feelgood way to start the year .
Russell is almost totally uninterested in the story of how Joy Mangano explored a bizarre and unknown new business model and became its first self-made tycoon , and as a result we are n't interested either .
You wo n't be bored - but Russell never convinces you that this mop-maker 's story is worth getting in a lather about .
Jennifer Lawrence is terrific as the determined yet vulnerable heroine . She keeps getting knocked down and she keeps getting back up . It 's inspiring if nothing else .
Key duties are mirrored inside the story and out : a character trying to sell a mop and a star trying to clean up a slightly sloppy script .
Joy is for the most part a bewildering mess-possibly because its four credited editors are a sign of structural problems , possibly just because Russell throws too much directorial dash at us when he should be making things simple .
The movie is a joy to look at , with its postcard-worthy scenes and Lawrence wearing the pants .
If this is a comedy , I 'm Babe Ruth . The title should have been `` misery , '' because that 's what it is to sit through ... the denouement is über unrealistc , even for Hollywood ... This picture proves that a great cast a great movie does not necessarily make .
Lawrence delivers a powerhouse performance in this solid if occasionally meandering drama . But when you compare it to the likes of Silver Linings and Hustle , it is only a minor success .
Had Lawrence been born before 1910 , she might have stolen roles from Jean Arthur or Carole Lombard -- if not the haute Myrna Loy .
The latest feature from writer-director David O. Russell is a quirky but very perceptive comedy-drama made in Russell 's usual freewheeling style .
While the director 's favourite leading lady , Jennifer Lawrence , gives the lead character everything she has , and that 's plenty , the world inhabited by the ironically-named Joy remains strangely flat .
The frequent scenes depicting snowfall , fairy lights and Christmas tunes suggest that Russell , at least , knows that this is basically a warm , fuzzy holiday movie . And Joy fills that role very competently .
The Miracle Mop is about as mundane a domestic tool as you can get , but David O. Russell turns its story into an exhilarating mix of goofball business caper and feminist quest .
This is not David O. Russell 's finest work . It 's no American Hustle or The Fighter . But it 's still a solid effort worth seeing .
Despite its sheen of fairy-dust , much of Joy is about the brutal obstacle course of American capitalism , permanently poised to asset-strip the unwary .
Joy is a very stressful movie -LRB- and that 's a very good thing -RRB- .
` Joy ' should please Jennifer Lawrence fans as well as viewers who enjoy movies with a strong female lead and viewpoint .
Whilst neither a masterpiece nor a misfire , it 's a pleasure to see a biopic that 's not afraid to break the mould .
While the filmmaker 's delightfully idiosyncratic touches are here , there and everywhere , they never quite gel with the storyline .
Joy is a decent biographical drama anchored by Jennifer Lawrence 's performance , but fails to realize its greater ambitions .
Joy is not a very good movie , but the message is so salient and relevant that in spite of itself , it may manage to move audiences anyway .
A rare Hollywood offering-a snark-free celebration of entrepreneurial capitalism .
I do n't think I 'd change a thing . It 's the offhand , shambling , messy , sketchy quality that makes Joy such a special little movie . It 's a movie I think time will treat kindly .
Joy is all forced smiles-it feels like an album made by a band that should have broken up years ago , just a rambling and incoherent series of unmotivated actions and overemphatic gestures .
A strange muddle of a film , frequently entertaining as it moves along but ultimately disappointing as we discover it 's not heading anywhere .
Lawrence is excellent in a flawed production , showing all of the strength , vulnerability and emotional range we have come to expect from the star ... But daring women like Joy deserve better treatment than this .
Thick with potential and irony , and could make for a tremendous film . When Joy embraces that side of itself , it almost gets there . When it does n't , well , it 's just plain bad .
When they are n't focusing on patent law , the remaining hour and 45 minutes strain mightily to come off as wacky , but they 're mostly a mess not even the Miracle Mop could clean up .
`` Joy '' is a fascinating journey celebrating the American dream while making compelling comments on feminism , capitalism and the long-suffering love of family .
The acting repeatedly bails out the movie 's missteps .
... just another misbegotten endeavor from a seriously lackluster filmmaker .
Joy is a film about life 's defiance of expectations . It defies them right back .
Lawrence makes it watchable , and often charming . She 's in every scene and , through sheer force of will and talent , she pulls you through . I feel Russell 's script was n't ready , and he relied on Lawrence to do what she 's done - save the movie .
With a commanding performance by Jennifer Lawrence at the helm , Joy is a fascinating examination on never losing sight of the American Dream .
Jennifer Lawrence is this generation 's greatest female lead . Here 's why .
Two years after Jennifer Lawrence appeared in David O. Russell 's American Hustle , she gets to show some .
Not without glitches but an energetic study of one woman 's refusal to settle for anything less than her share of the American Dream .
Lawrence brings ` Joy ' to her character .
O. Russell 's reach has n't extended further than a standard archetype or clenched a unique narrative line .
Even the miscasting of Jennifer Lawrence takes a backseat to the forced quirkiness , which David O. Russell can not get his cast on the same page with .
David O. Russell has a rare misfire with `` Joy . '' Jennifer Lawrence , his muse , in the title role , ca n't save the movie , either . Nor can Russell regulars Robert De Niro and Bradley Cooper .
A major disappointment when you consider the talent involved and the resulting blandness of the product .
A winning , warts-and-all account of how Joy Mangano fought sexism , exploitation and innumerable set backs to get her mop on the Home Shopping Network ... Consumed by a defiantly triumphant drive , Jennifer Lawrence out-does herself as a domestic heroine .
Joy can be viewed as a modern day rags-to-riches fairytale . It 's Cinderella without the prince . In a way , that 's part of the film 's charm .
It 's clear that the point here is n't people , it 's payoff , emotional and otherwise .
It 's a writing problem working hand-in-hand with a directing problem .
Dramatically , the story is a repetitive process of promises and disappointments .
I have no joy in saying that `` Joy '' is only okay when I was hoping for something great . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Profanity , Violence , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
While Jennifer Lawrence excels in the title role , the film becomes a muddled domestic chore as it bogs down in dysfunctional family squabbling .
Perhaps people who make gazillions selling housewares on The Shopping Channel deserve to be honoured ; if they do , Joy is not a fitting tribute to Mangano - nor to the mop .
It 's all about Joy overcoming obstacles on her way to the American Dream and Lawrence imbues her with strength and resolve . The result is joyous indeed .
If `` Joy '' seems to move toward a foreordained conclusion , it zigzags and covers its tracks along the way , sending its heroine on a roller-coaster ride of raised hopes and brutal disappointments and playing tricks with the audience 's expectations .
An inspirational , and mostly entertaining , saga , `` Joy '' is a Horatio Alger story for the 21st century - but who reads those anymore ?
This might just be the first David O. Russell film that I love .
` Joy ' is a flawed movie mainly because Russell can not create a consistent tone . The film flip-flops between drama , comedy , farce and fantasy .
The movie lurches from event to event , and tone to tone , without articulating a reason to exist .
`` Joy '' a holiday also-ran .
Lawrence is radiant but the movie fails to make a sale .
Lawrence is a joy , but the movie , sadly , is n't .
Lawrence ... thrives here , but even her skill and determination ca n't stabilize a film that goes off in any number of directions and rarely feels confident about the kind of story it wants to be telling .
Even Lawrence , in the end , is a letdown . As entertaining and committed as she is - and she 's easily the best thing about `` Joy '' - the actress ultimately ca n't sell a souffle that 's half baked .
As we follow Joy 's frustrating journey , the dependably wonderful Lawrence delivers each scene like a champ . She portrays every feeling written into the script - and a lot more - with dramatic intelligence and force .
Joy is a fun but untidy muddle , a mess that even the self-wringing mop of its central metaphor ca n't easily clean up .
It feels like Russell and Annie Mumolo , with whom he shares the story credit , never quite cracked Joy 's personal journey to the point where it would be enough to carry the film on its own .
A fact-based tale of a woman who realized the American Dream that fails to engender in viewers the emotion promised by the title .
`` Joy '' does n't work entirely , and the structure set up so clearly in the opening sequence is dropped early on for no apparent reason , but I 'll be damned if I did n't get carried away at the story of a mop sweeping the nation .
In the end , Joy is more slender and inconsequential than Russell probably intends it to be-it wears its ideas rather than embodying them . But Lawrence keeps the channels of communication open , every minute , with the audience .
The script feels not half-finished , but maybe three-quarters . Lawrence does what she can to make up the missing 25 percent , but even she ca n't perform miracles .
David O. Russell has dipped a trifle in chocolate , and turned it into a truffle .
Lawrence never falters , even when the script does .
Joy marks more of the same - not a bad thing , as it features the ever determined yet effervescent Jennifer Lawrence , back under Russell 's instruct for the third time .
I want a coherently-told story ; I do n't want the feeling of rushing from scene to scene .
Jennifer Lawrence is indefatigable in the lead role .
A movie that waits until the third act to introduce Bradley Cooper is either totally crazy or unbelievably confident . Luckily , Joy is both .
A movie that does n't just do a disservice to its subject and its lead , but to the women it attempts to speak for .
I would n't call this a complete dud , but it 's the least engaging David O. Russell feature I 've seen .
Joy represents a rare misfire for the director -LRB- we 're going to leave the weird stillbirth that was Accidental Love out of the question -RRB- , and while the film has a number of nominations , most of them rest on the shoulders of its star .
Charged with navigating a half-dozen equally fraught relationships , Lawrence is at the top of her dexterous game .
Lawrence remains a sympathetic focus throughout , and `` Joy '' never completely loses its way . But it almost does , and it never quite arrives .
Joy 's entry into the world of entrepreneurship has the crazy trajectory of a rocket gone haywire , and Russell 's movie is kind of haywire , too .
Missing the punch of `` The Fighter , '' the sugar rush of `` Silver Linings Playbook , '' and the strut of `` American Hustle , '' `` Joy '' comes across undercooked and unfocused , exposing a fatigued Russell .
Russell draws his characters as broadly as those soap opera stick figures he 's so eager to mock , and though Joy at least tries to break the standard biopic formula , it 's only partially successful at reconstructing an interesting life .
While there is a story -- satisfactorily told and resolved -- Joy is dedicated to its craft . Joy continues the streak that Russell and Lawrence have going , though they are seemingly becoming less accessible with each iteration .
Despite the convoluted family dynamics and less-than-successful use of the show-within-a-show trope , Lawrence makes Joy easy to believe and easy to root for , no matter what she 's selling .
The film showcases the remarkable way -LSB- Lawrence -RSB- can command a movie , even when it gets sidetracked . Her focus never wavers in bringing out the best of this version of the American dream . What a joy for any moviegoer to witness .
I prefer the mess of Joy 's first half , and that 's where Russell and his fine cast -- including Bradley Cooper , Robert De Niro , Diane Ladd , Édgar Ramírez , Isabella Rossellini , and Virginia Madsen -- do their best work .
Once removed from the QVC network , Russell 's movie feels forced , contrived and lacks the narrative drive of his earlier works Playbook , The Fighter and American Hustle .
Rather than find a way for opposing ideas to coexist and overlap in the same scene , Russell 's movie staggers from one theme to the next , shrilly insisting all along the way that the viewer feel something .
Joy is a step back for the director , but perhaps that 's only because he 's set the bar so high for himself .
All the great elements from recent Russell movies ... and a fraction of the Joy .
To me , `` Joy '' ... played more like pandering - creating a role-model `` survivor '' rather than a truly whole and complicated person , elevating one character only by tearing down everyone else .
Mangano 's rags-to-call-in-riches saga is so kitschy and improbable that you can imagine Tim Burton drooling at the thought of taking a seriocomic stab at it . The problem is Russell decided to tell a different sort of story and much of it is a snooze .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of the best things about Russell 's pictures is the fact I do n't want them to end , because I could spend hours more with the characters . That holds true again for Joy ...
Joy does n't resonate as a hard-hitting , memorable biography , but as a lightweight , ultimately charming slice of entrepreneurial spirit , it works .
The story is ultimately empty because nothing is at stake . A woman invented a mop . She made millions with it . She became a Home Shopping Network star . Is this all there is ?
Reality only gets in the way of Russell 's dynamic filmmaking .
Another great turn by Jennifer Lawrence but a bit like sex when it fails to live up to expectations , the film leaves us feeling disappointed .
An old-fashioned star vehicle for Russell 's muse Jennifer Lawrence , Joy is also a giftwrapped bundle of insanity , packed with noisy arguments , lurches in tone , and enough ideas for six regular films .
Even as it gets stuck between stations , `` Joy '' is an engaging - and , at the right moments , enraging - tale about both perseverance and the psychology behind purchasing . It may be time for David O. Russell to move on from his repertory players , though .
Jennifer Lawrence 's performance as Miracle Mop inventor and QVC pitchwoman Joy Mangano glues the movie together , but it threatens to unravel at any time .
Joy is not the best movie Russell and Lawrence have made together , but it is , for the most part , a witty and engrossing look at a sister who 's doing it for herself .
Russell indulges in some of his madcap tendencies , but he 's fortunate to have the one actress who can carry the film on her capable shoulders .
There 's a Miracle Mop at the heart of Joy , though the movie is such a mess that even it would have a hard time cleaning up .
The film has heart , boundless chaotic energy , heartfelt sincerity and laughs that sting . Above all , it has the starry Lawrence , who puts the joy and pathos right up front where it counts .
Slick and entertaining , Joy is just a little too slight for this much Oscar-worthy talent .
Mostly it 's up to Lawrence to wring all the drama and pathos she can out of a battle over patent rights that pushes Joy to the brink of bankruptcy . No surprise that her mettle cleans up all the messiness in Joy .
There 's no teeth in Russell 's bite this time . His admiration for Joy has blurred his vision
David O. Russell seems so hell-bent on milking the irony of the film 's title that he loses sight of how unbalanced it all is .
Joy the movie never cohered , for me , into a story with forward motion . The minute the film begins to find its footing in one tonal register , it switches to another ...
So much of Joy ... seems provisional , a clumsy first-draft attempt at making an unconventional movie about a woman who earned millions from the most pedestrian of objects .
While Joy is n't a smooth ride , it is an interesting one , taking us to some unexpected places while giving us an entertaining portrait of a female entrepreneur .
In David O. Russell 's latest collaboration with Jennifer Lawrence , Joy , there is adversity galore , and there is triumph , but the film lets down its audience in the trip from the former to the latter .
-LSB- Lawrence -RSB- delivers a performance of great commitment and sometimes furious rage .
David O. Russell brings his Joy to the world with a wonky sense of humour and the genius of young actress Jennifer Lawrence .
David O. Russell 's gift for creating controlled chaos remains peerless , and his view of American go-getterism is still stealthily and usefully cockeyed .
Joy is a frustrating movie because I ca n't remember the last time I wanted to like a movie so much and it just would n't let me .
True story of an inventor and entrepreneur whose quest for success is propelled by the unconditional love , appreciation , and encouragement of her grandmother .
Rich with enchantment and fuelled by female determination , this story of the travails of an ordinary heroine is as delightful as its title suggests .
All of this is fine as far as it goes .
There is enough joy in ` Joy ' to keep the David O. Russell Experience rolling along .
... has exactly one Lawrence-worthy moment .
Has energy to spare and a cast to die for but is nearly undone by a ramshackle last act .
Though everything around this resilient central figure is wan sitcom , ` Joy the Doer ' provides a rooting interest potent enough to justify the film .
Rough even by Russell 's standards , this grab bag of dropped plot points , visual metaphors , and theatrical cues looks like the underdrawing of a comic drama , only half covered in bright impasto strokes .
A shambolic film can be very entertaining , but the messy filmmaking in David O. Russell 's Joy puts the viewer off balance in a bad way . It so lacks drive that even star Jennifer Lawrence ca n't figure out how - and where - to pitch her performance .
There is a lot of story to be covered throughout Joy . And being a story that is principally concerned with making sales , the film owes everything to Lawrence 's proven ability to seal a deal when the acting chips are down .
Revolving around the woman who invented the Miracle Mop , it 's contrived and unevenly paced , resonating most clearly with women who relate to Joy Mangano 's repression and battle for basic equality .
The comic tale is trademark Russell . That is to say , it 's tonally bonkers and dramatically inert , enlivened by some decent gags and a terrific ensemble cast .
-LSB- Lawrence gives -RSB- a wonderfully layered performance that carries the film through its rough spots and sometime dubious detours .
Lawrence ably carries Russell 's first film with an everywoman protagonist at its center who is not crazy .
Joy 's most monumental failure is n't its uneven pacing , miserable dialogue or wonky framework - it 's the glacial remove with which Russell regards and Lawrence plays the film 's eponymous dreamer .
The decades long scope of the film becomes unwieldy with what feels like an hour of story telling crammed into its final minutes . `` Joy '' feels like a work in progress .
Painful personal overtones resonate in David O. Russell 's boisterous comic view-based on a true story-of an entrepreneur 's conflict-riddled rise to success .
Threatens to take away your will to live
When it comes down to it , the movie is still all about a mop .
The future is upon her , and the bric-a-brac and banter and bullheadedness and bull -- fall away and genuine elation arrives , and Joy is revealed as a true woman 's picture , and the true woman is Jennifer Lawrence .
With a few more drafts , Joy could have found a specific , insightful identity . Instead , it 's a bald and clumsy fairy tale about a good girl , some bad people , and a mop . Even the mop 's story deserved better .
Joy finds its rhythm when the desperate Joy becomes the on-air salesperson for her own invention , managing to exploit the brand of capitalism that previously held her back - and loses it shortly thereafter ...
As the opening credits establish , this kinda-biopic is `` inspired by the stories of daring women '' , and Lawrence 's name increasingly belongs on any such list .
The result is entertaining , although the stakes are rather low .
Fact and fiction mix with uneven but entertaining results in the latest from the `` Silver Linings Playbook '' crew .
Devoid of special effects , but supercharged through the wit of its writing , the richness of its characterisation , and the evangelical profundity of its subtext , this film about one truly amazing woman rates as an eye-popping , breathtaking achievement .
Overall if feels like a high-concept approach to a very regular-concept story and does n't land a lot of the time .
The script never jells ; the comedy feels forced and mechanically boisterous , particularly in the crucial early passages . And in the final 30 minutes , it 's a dangling mess .
If only Russell trusted Mangano 's true story . Instead , he 's turned her life into a over-staged mess of awkward exposition , contrived dialogue , and characters so willfully unreal they feel acrylic .
We mainly stay invested in Joy because Russell 's current muse , the flat-out brilliant Jennifer Lawrence , delivers another multi-faceted performance as a forceful , injured , unflappable and surprisingly relatable female lead in an unfocused Russell comedy .
It 's awfully hard for me to not find some joy in this imperfect movie about a daring woman who digs deep and soars . You got a problem with that ?
In QVC terms : Joy looks neat , sounds too good to be true , and often is .
-LSB- Joy -RSB- proves bizarrely moving and involving , not just because it 's another story of female empowerment but above all and quite simply because Jennifer Lawrence is so wondrously good here .
an entertaining and fast-paced if ultimately artificial and cold feeling biopic
Jennifer Lawrence proves a mop can be just as empowering as a bow and arrow in David O. Russell 's ode to smart and determined women everywhere who have a dream .
Joy often plays out like a intoxicated sloppy kiss , but the ardor of its caress is easy to embrace .
Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper are still fun to watch , but the film does little to live up to its title or aspirations .
Jennifer Lawrence has n't won an Oscar for reading aloud from the phone book just yet , but she may be about to be nominated for selling a mop .
It 's the kind of movie where it means nothing that our heroine hits rock bottom , because she fixes everything in the very next scene .
The improvisational flair , quirky tonal shifts and overt emotional lurches that highlighted `` American Hustle '' and `` Silver Linings Playbook '' are here less consistently inspired and affecting , resulting in a heartfelt fairy tale that only soars in spurts .
The splendidly dextrous cast ensures that this goofy success story , which could just easily be titled American Hustle 2 , keeps firing on all cylinders in the manner of the writer-director 's previous few outings .
Joy unspools on a level tone of ironised dreaminess , like an extended pre-credit sequence or 120-minute voiceover montage .
The mop is miraculous . David O. Russell 's latest movie , not so much .
A less satisfying retread of Russell 's favorite family-weighs-a-great-person-down storyline .
A film with one foot in daytime TV and the other in ` Goodfellas ' .
There 's a good movie in there somewhere . Static and dreary , the muddled storytelling offers little cohesion . Jumping from one set piece to the next , `` Joy '' is just forceful rather than reflective .
If the title `` American Hustle '' were n't already applied to another David O. Russell movie , it could easily work for `` Joy , '' which plays like the less memorable B-side to that earlier effort .
It 's the American dream as a nuance-free heroine steamroller , judging and holding accountable practically everyone else who gets developed as a character .
David O. Russell proposes that there may be no real barrier between the caustic worldview he wears and the sense of childlike wonder he sells .

@highlight

Joy is anchored by a strong performance from Jennifer Lawrence , although director David O. Russell 's uncertain approach to its fascinating fact-based tale only sporadically sparks bursts of the titular emotion .