Like porn itself , reaction will vary .
Gordon Levitt , also the author of the script , is terribly funny ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gordon-Levitt 's more modest aims help the last act 's moralizing go down smoother than Steve McQueen 's tongue-clucking opus , but only just .
Don Jon is breezy , provocative and definitely makes for an interesting discourse of sex and relationships . Check it out .
As a simple and sweet coming-of-age story for the Jersey Shore generation , it 's perfectly entertaining stuff .
He 's got a good ear for guy-talk dialogue , and a welcome sense of candor-he 's putting some stuff out there about guys and porn . As a director , he 's got a keen visual wit ; the film has a fast , popping montage style that recalls early Aronofsky .
In terms of disposable , enjoyable entertainment , you could do much worse than this .
In this raunchy , foul-mouthed and candid comedy about male narcissism , Gordon-Levitt _ perhaps best remembered as Leonardo DiCaprio 's sidekick in Inception _ gives us a sure-footed directorial debut .
The only trouble with Don Jon is the film 's comfort level with the kind of material that holds its hero enslaved .
There 's just enough charm and poignancy here to make it worth a watch . Not a bad start for any first-time filmmaker .
A barn-door broad burlesque of Joisey stereotypes and holy-cannoli accents . It 's Saturday Night Fever drawn in crayon .
It 's in movies like the ribald but surprisingly endearing sex comedy Don Jon that Gordon-Levitt has connected best with audiences .
Don Jon is no kind of resonating masterpiece , but it 's intelligent , thoughtful , funny , and dedicated to the cause of finding a personality and sticking with him through the excess of his addictions .
Thankfully , the women of the film are what save the movie , bringing something fresh to the table-for Jon , a chance at lasting love , and for us , some seasoned comic chops .
Wondering what exactly is revealed as a cure to Don Jon 's addiction ? Why , good sex , of course ! Thanks , geniuses !
Gordon-Levitt is on top form , as is Johansson as the type of girl who only takes her gum out to eat .
Gordon-Levitt 's confidence is appealing , even if the film itself mistakes redundancy for profundity .
The messages of the film are stark and genuine , much more so than one might expect having seen the promotional material .
A thoughtful , original and provocative feature-length directorial debut from Joseph Gordon-Levitt .
It gets harder and harder to support this passion for porn .
A film that should be compulsory viewing for all preteens , sexual content be damned , as it may just save them a lifetime of disappointment .
The entire movie seems to recalibrate and rebalance itself around -LSB- Moore -RSB- , shifting convincingly into something more than a surface-heavy evocation of sterile on-screen onanism .
Alas , I did n't buy a word of it .
The end is satisfaction enough to justify the initially explicit means .
There 's little here to care for or about : what promises to be a friskier version of Shame winds up closer to a Very Special Episode of Jersey Shore .
This certainly wo n't find a mainstream audience but it is fresh , well executed and entertaining .
Despite a contrived and sentimental ending , this is an entertaining riff on men and fantasy .
It 's refreshing to see a movie so visually undemonstrative .
Starts mischievous and moves into maudlin .
With this writing-directing debut , Joseph Gordon-Levitt delivers a remarkably assured comedy-drama while also giving himself a role that 's far against his usual type .
A minor triumph that manages to raise some big laughs while delivering a thought-provoking message .
A superbly acted and sporadically amusing character study , but it 's let down by an overly repetitive script , painfully underwritten female characters and a lack of chemistry between Gordon-Levitt , Johansson and Moore .
In a bravura performance , Gordon-Levitt sleazily revels in the role of bad boy ... but it 's a character undistinguished by light or shade and becomes wearing , a sex drive that ends up a cul-de-sac .
These are caricatures rather than characters , and neither Levitt nor Moore ever quite lock step with the film 's snappy sitcom tone .
The naff accents and exaggerated mannerisms become very tiring over 90 minutes .
The work of a young director reaching to impress without having fully formed ideas ...
As a director , Gordon-Levitt demonstrates considerable technical flair through stylistic flourishes and coaxes great performances out of his co-stars .
A lively , savvy film with some great performances from some surprising quarters .
Smart , witty and more than a little melancholy , Don Jon is a fist-pumping success .
Though Don Jon succeeds in being funny at every turn , it is less successful in being a movie with something important to say .
a fascinating and often compelling film , and a clear sign that Gordon-Levitt is a filmmaker of note whose future is bright if he continues to not play it safe
Don Jon is a solid debut , but my guess is that Joseph Gordon-Levitt will have some more exciting cinematic adventures for us as his career behind the camera continues
Gordon-Levitt shows promise as a director and his debut has bags of cinematic swagger .
Don Jon is a terrific directorial debut from Gordon-Levitt - funny , moving and with something to say about family and relationships .
Gordon-Levitt has such a charismatic screen personality we can forgive him - to a degree - for most of his storytelling faults .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt has not yet reached the `` star '' level where he can carry a movie .
A film with tense , ironic energy in the way that scenes flow and shots collide , but in a way that feels a bit overfamiliar and safe .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes an assured debut as a writer-director with Don Jon , a cultural critique of the expectations placed on relationships in an environment saturated with media misrepresentations of both women and men .
JGL . DTF . Sorta .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt turns the gym-tan-laundry routine into an art form with Don Jon , his vibrant and viciously profane directorial debut .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt has teetered on being the Next Big Thing . He 's finally there with ` Don Jon , ' a grownups-only movie about addiction and compulsion in which he stars . He also wrote and directed this movie about a man 's obsession with pornography .
This is a very funny , well-written film . Unlike most romantic comedies , it is both thought-provoking and introspective .
Very funny and with some social commentary , `` Don Jon '' is an admirable first effort for Gordon-Levitt behind the camera .
If Don Jon does not offer a lasting détente in the war of the genders , it does smartly delineate the gap between men 's and women 's respective fantasy lives .
It 's difficult to rate a movie that does n't really start until its last half hour .
An impressive debut as writer/director/star .
Don Jon has attitude , conveyed as much through the solid performances as it is through the director 's unflinching approach to some complicated subjects .
I find it a film that 's much easier to admire than actually like .
The fact that one can think of a movie about a guy hooked on porn as charming is high praise .
The screenplay is generally predictable in its story of redemption , and it does n't have an ounce of subtlety .
Technology has enabled this Don to do what the original Don Juan may have ultimately wanted : to be pleasured alone , giving nothing of himself .
A romantic comedy with edge . Joseph Gordon Levitt makes an impressive writing and directing debut . Scarlett Johansson is terrific .
Gordon-Levitt has delivered a lively , timely , and decidedly adult look at love and sex that is both uncommonly mature for a first-time director and very fresh .
If you can handle the porn , go see this movie , if for nothing else than to experience how very talented Joseph Gordon-Levitt truly is .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt has firmly cemented his place among Hollywood 's elite .
It 's Julianne Moore 's character who most allows Don Jon to upgrade from being a humorous and perceptive movie about naughty Internet connections into a heartfelt and perceptive movie about necessary human connections .
Filled with frank conversation and gutter language , mysogynistic with misandry thrown in , it 's probably not possible to make a tasteful movie about a subject as distasteful as masturbation , but this movie does n't even try .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Scarlett Johansson give smashing performances .
Offbeat , frank and often surprising gem .
An assured directorial debut as we 've seen in recent years , Gordon-Levitt 's comedy is vibrant and poignant and moves like a shark with nary a dull second .
Gordon-Levitt has crafted a whip-smart , richly cinematic film with some very funny moments and a lot of heart .
Don Jon is like watching a far more well behaved Jersey Show . It takes the same beats presented on that awful reality show and polishes them for a more compelling and complex experience .
When you look past Don Jon as Gordon-Levitt 's movie cotillion , it 's a painfully superficial and paint-by-numbers story that offers very little character development .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's highly stylized and well-executed directorial choices make ` Don Jon ' a raunchy romp , but then he throws in just enough of that good old JGL charm to give it some heart .
A perceptive and often funny story with a refreshingly mature attitude about sex .
Don Jon '' is obnoxiously funny , effortlessly identifiable , unusually tender , obscenely amusing , and an enjoyable R-rated comedy that is sure to captivate both sexes .
From ` Pillow Talk ' to pornography in three generations ! Sleazy yet seductive , Joseph Gordon-Levitt cleverly distinguishes the different between lust and love .
-LSB- Moore is -RSB- touching , Johansson is wonderfully awful and Gordon-Levitt is electric , making it easy to forgive the movie its meannesses .
Funny , witty , honest and eventually heartfelt , without having to pander to saccharine fantasies or gross-out raunch humor that have become mainstays of rom-com cinema .
Every detail of this modest film is well thought out and executed , from the spot-on casting to the canny use of sound and music ...
A sharply funny and insightful examination of modern love .
`` Don Jon '' proves that Joseph Gordon-Levitt is one of the best and most versatile actors working today , and shows promise for a future behind the camera as well .
If `` Don Jon '' feels like a film that is spread too thin amongst multiple genres , it only goes to hint that Gordon-Levitt might be as talented behind the camera as he is in front .
Before it flies off the rails in the final act , Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's first self-penned , self-directed star vehicle , Don Jon , is an uncommonly provocative spin on familiar rom-com tropes .
This is the kind of American movie that comes along far too rarely . It 's funny and entertaining , but it remembers who we are as human beings , does not shy away from our many flaws , and finds something endearing in all of it .
The biggest problem is Jon . He 's unlikable from the start and never improves .
Never before has Gordon-Levitt disappeared into character as he does here .
Brave , bold and bone rattling , Gordon-Levitt 's Don Jon makes for a bumpy -- but undeniably satisfying -- cinematic ride to the dark side , and back .
Gordon-Levitt 's roots in culture go deep ; he chalked up his first TV credit at age seven , and he was already a seasoned performer when 3rd Rock from the Sun came along in 1996 . With Don Jon , he proves just as adept behind the camera .
Don Jon deals quite beautifully with the idea that real love can often be distinct from other phenomena that are commonly mistaken for love -- like the narcissistic desire to be loved .
The movie becomes increasingly soft-edged and sappy .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's debut as a writer-director-actor resembles a porn addict 's Groundhog Day , and not in a good way .
Although the film 's character portraits are vividly drawn , they remain largely one-dimensional .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's porn addiction topic may not be for everyone . However , it 's a great first movie from a terrific young actor and now writer and director .
A ` Saturday Night Fever ' for a new generation .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie has no clear idea who this man is .
At least 80 % of it is snappy , droll fluff , while the other 20 % is what you get when you persuade Julianne Moore to be in your movie : in a word , better .
One of the best of the year .
Don Jon humanizes the Jersey Shore type by burying itself beneath the muscles and hair gel with a story about learning how to connect with another human being .
Gordon-Levitt 's characters feel real and `` Don Jon '' is a convincing , authentic , funny , modern romance .
Hearing the star of `` Who 's the Boss ? '' drop about 500 f-bombs is one of the film 's few pleasures .
Really , `` Don Jon '' could have - should have - gone on another 20 minutes . Then again , when was the last time you felt that about a romantic comedy ? Or any movie ?
Funny at times and touches on some interesting issues . But the Jersey caricature is so embarrassing that it ultimately sinks the film .
The movie has a keen understanding of how easily we can hurt other people by not considering them .
Who would have thought one of the most amusing and oddly insightful romantic comedies would be built around the power and the potent pull of porn ?
Irreverent romcom about porn is insightful but very graphic .
GTL comparisons aside , Jon 's sublime journey extends well past the shenanigans along The Jersey Shore 's old boardwalk .
Smart , funny , contemporary and sharply made .
Much like my high school geometry homework , Gordon-Levitt gets the answer right but he fails to show his work .
I wish Gordon-Levitt had done a lot more with this material . There was definitely potential there . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Gordon-Levitt 's cracking directorial debut depicts porn/sex addiction infinitely more realistically -- and rollickingly -- than 2011 's absurdly-overrated snoozefest Shame .
`` Don Jon '' is bold and clever . Very sophisticated and mature in the way it showcases the sexuality of men and women .
As a director , Gordon-Levitt 's not just going places-he 's already arrived .
Don Jon is a most unconventional romantic comedy . What 's not so obvious is it 's also one of the most relevant romantic comedies you 'll ever see .
By treating Jon with sympathy but without sentimentality , Gordon-Levitt has given us a daring portrait of modern masculinity .
The sophisticated outrageous adult comedy we 've been waiting for all year . It 's smart , funny and has a charming message while hinting at Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's seemingly limitless potential .
Gordon-Levitt enlivens Don Jon with such a sense of swagger , as a director , writer and actor , that the film feels fresh .
Unexpectedly bold and finally endearing , an impressive first directorial effort from a performer who has clearly learned a lot from being on television and movie sets all his life . Gordon-Levitt is the undeniable real deal .
Don Jon is a bold , sexy , and completely original comedy that proves Gordon-Levitt can do pretty much anything he sets a mind to .
Johansson walks away from Don Jon with one her best performances to date .
Gordon-Levitt keeps things riotous for the film 's first hour , and if he eases into an ending that 's a little Hollywood-standard , after having so much fun tweaking form and content , I 'm guessing audiences will cut him some slack .
It 's never boring , but the film plays like a thesis on the modern condition more than a genuine depiction of a romantic relationship .
-LSB- A -RSB- deceptively sincere movie about masculinity and its discontents that Mr. Gordon-Levitt , making a fine feature directing debut , shapes into a story about a young man 's moral education .
By the time Jon learns that `` you have to lose yourself in another person '' -LRB- a nice turn of phrase -RRB- , it 's too late for us to lose ourselves in the movie . `` Don Jon '' is already gone .
Writer/director/star Joseph Gordon-Levitt takes an intriguing subject - human attraction - and nimbly probes it with wit , insight and a disarming forthrightness .
R-rating aside , it should be required viewing for every 15-year-old boy on the planet .
Rarely has a film offered such raw and honest talk -- with visuals , too -- about male sexuality .
Actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt does double duty , making his feature writing/directing debut with this terrific and unusual comedy that taps into this year 's cinematic focus on porn while following the basic groove of `` Saturday Night Fever . ''
The film manages to be extremely efficient , conveying its points , making the audience laugh , getting viewers invested and even breaking our hearts in just 90 minutes .
An overheated disquisition on the pleasures and limitations of masturbation .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's writing/directing/starring debut is like its diamond-in-the-rough title character . It shows a lot of unrealized potential , with enough charm to ease you past its shortcomings .
Despite its promising risqué premise , `` Don Jon '' is a relatively conservative paean to monogamous relationships .
It 's amusing but not especially insightful .
`` Don Jon '' deserves praise for wearing its message lightly and yet for daring to present such a lecture in today 's Internet-drenched environment .
It 's a strong picture with substantial sexual imagery -LRB- earning its R-rating -RRB- , but also an effort that miraculously finds the core of the lead character .
Don Jon is so friskily risque , with teases of what turns Jon on and frank dialogue to match , that you do n't notice the movie is stuck in a rut until Julianne Moore shows up late , offering Jon an older , wiser perspective on sex and relationships .
Writer-director-star Joseph Gordon-Levitt is so savvy about the workings of our small minds that he knows just how to reel us in -LRB- sex -RRB- before schooling us on the important things in life -LRB- love -RRB- .
-LSB- Gordon-Levitt 's -RSB- skills as an actor , and those of co-stars Scarlett Johansson and Julianne Moore , keep us watching , even as public-place modesty makes us want to look away .
One of the most adventurous actors of his generation , Gordon-Levitt has a good sense of just how graphically he can depict Jon 's addiction and maintain the sympathy of both men and women .
Not exactly an original idea . But Gordon-Levitt goes at it with gusto , and style . Give the guy some props .
In the end , `` Don Jon '' offers the promise of progress without pat answers . It also offers the promise of the future work of an undeniably talented actor-turned-director .
The result is a bit confused but shows a genuine talent at work .
Versatile actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt turns to writing and directing with this smart , sexy , sweet , and hilarious comedy about the difficulties of forging and sustaining relationships .
Gordon-Levitt is no slouch when it comes to taking risks as a filmmaker . I ca n't wait to see what he does next .
A sharp turn on the romantic comedy , a movie about flawed people doing flawed things , often in funny fashion .
-LSB- Although -RSB- Gordon-Levitt says a little bit about a lot of things , ... Don Jon is a continuously entertaining and fitfully provocative first-time effort .
It 's a dark comedy about matters of the heart , and how far some people go to take their minds off such matters .
Gordon-Levitt demonstrates he is a filmmaker with promise who blends a good ear for dialogue with fine pacing and an eye for making a good-looking picture .
Don Jon -LSB- is -RSB- a bruisingly funny , bracingly smart comic dare that marks a stellar feature directing and writing debut for Joseph Gordon-Levitt , who plays Jon with humor , heat and sneaky heart .
Undoubtedly raunchy , but it 's also pretty funny -LSB- and -RSB- far more mature and insightful than the frat-boy gross-out farces that come down the pike every week or so .
The strange spiritual journey of a young porno addict who shifts his perspective and is set on a different path .
On page and screen , Gordon-Levitt mostly fails to transform his bulky title protagonist into a multi-dimensional figure . He belongs in the final 15 minutes of an SNL episode , not at the center of a full-sized comedy .
The sound of one hand clasping .
The final moments hint at beauty and grace in Jon 's new relationship , but for the movie , it 's already too late .
In his writing-directing debut , actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt fails to identify a purpose that might bring audiences into his passion project .
Don Jon is visually interesting without being overbearing . The script finds a witty way to confront serious issues . And Levitt-Gordon takes on the personality of a guy straight out of Jersey Shore .
It all still works , despite its obvious problems , in large part because of its likable lead . But Gordon-Levitt should probably find a different writer next time .
Sexy , insightful and maybe a little twee , Don Jon is about to hit its demographic like a toy commercial on Saturday Morning .
Gordon-Levitt proves a natural filmmaker , nimbly staging Jon 's highly amusing Catholic confessions , along with porn montages that mimic the dopamine-charged editing of Requiem for a Dream .
It 's somewhat hypocritical that the movie has it in for romcoms , but what are you gon na do ?
This is a sweet , lively and funny movie rather than a fully realized one , but it makes clear that Gordon-Levitt has a natural feeling for cinema and should do more of it .
Levitt somehow pulls off the oxymoron feat of a feminist chick flick porn comedy . And with no small credit for this Hollywood upstart , owed to his parents from my own alternative radio network . Thus his enlightened upbringing for this meaningful movie .
For a first time feature filmmaker , this is a brave attempt to examine the clichés of a modern romance .
`` Don Jon '' is a lark , but an enjoyable one with a full-hearted finale , and it further reveals the considerable talents of Gordon-Levitt .
-LSB- Gordon-Levitt -RSB- can act , and there 's a possibility he can also direct , but there 's no evidence in Don Jon that he can do both at the same time .
`` Don Jon '' is hardly as slick as its main character fancies himself , and that 's OK . After all , as Gordon-Levitt 's movie takes great pains to illustrate , what we constitute as perfection often proves to be a deceptive illusion .
Merely ends up trading one beefcake delusion for another .
Even when his story starts getting serious , Gordon-Levitt always keeps it funny , and his cast is in on the joke .
Not a great movie , but a filthy-funny , sweet and smart one with a third act punch that will take your breath away .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes an auspicious filmmaking debut with this somewhat risky romantic comedy .
Unconventional in the best ways , Don Jon is a charmingly smutty story about a man , his porn , and a much deeper struggle within .
The self-assured helmer shows genuine affection for his characters , balancing their openly satiric qualities with a disarmingly sincere human center .
Crude , repetitive and rigorously single-minded , the popular actor 's writing and directing debut lays it all on a bit thick , as the few points the film has to make are underscored time and time again .
Any revulsion the viewer might feel toward Jon 's solitary cyber-sex is counteracted by the sheer charm Gordon-Levitt exudes as Don Jon , and by the light touch he brings to his beautifully paced script .
The dialogue 's frank and much of what we see is explicit enough to make this a film exclusively for grown-ups . Luckily , the emotional places Gordon-Levitt takes his characters are pretty grown-up , too .
Not just good for a film directed by an actor or a first-timer - it 's a solid , entertaining film . Period .
The year 's best comedy to date focuses on a Lothario who is able to rise to many occasions .
The movie takes a roundhouse punch at male shallowness , but Jon , in and out of his clothes , is not an interesting enough man to be emblematic of anything .
The movie is a broad ethnic comedy , but there 's nothing broad about the wicked-smart way it 's executed . Even long-played-out stereotypes take on new life .
For his first time behind the camera , Gordon-Levitt is already showing signs of great promise . It 's a stereotype that actors-turned-filmmakers focus solely on performances , and while Don Jon is certainly a well-acted movie , it 's also a good-looking one .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's directorial debut , Don Jon , does for porn-dependence what Shame did for sex addiction by offering a surface-level look at the effects of its specific pathology on its lead male character .
... propulsive and thoroughly watchable ...
Much like its main character , this comedy is good-hearted , a bit clumsy , endearing , and incredibly rough around the edges .
It 's an admirable effort and a lot of fun . I only wish it were n't trying quite so hard , or that by trying so hard it does n't still manage to undermine its own lesson .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt 's first feature is an uneasy mix of broad comedy and earnest message-mongering that tries too hard at both to succeed at either one .
A truly original character piece , hilariously funny and poignant , with enough humor and heart that more people will be able to relate to the characters than they 'll care to admit .
A bold choice
Joseph Gordon-Levitt has turned out to be quite a good director . He has a very powerful style of editing and incorporating sound and music cues , with a light touch that 's so important in communicating with an audience .
Often light on its feet , bolstered by the reliable charms and writing chops of its leading man .
Don Jon 's Addiction is a fun , occasionally flabby romp that should find its audience .
Gutsy , sexy , and hilarious . Don Jon 's Addiction bulks up the body and career of Joseph Gordon-Levitt .

@highlight

Don Jon proves to be an amiable directing debut for Joseph Gordon-Levitt , and a vivacious showcase for his co-star , Scarlett Johansson .