The writing is really what will sell or kill What If for potential audiences . It 's clever and dry and pumped full of pop-culture wit , but it 's also pretty vulgar and sex-obsessed .
Delightful but somewhat un-memorable , the energy of the film lies in the push-pull conflict between the two protagonists handled deftly by Radcliffe and Kazan - the whole question of love that can not be ... and hoping against all odds that it can .
With its warm colour palette of bright reds , greens , and blues , What If brings the same romanticism to Toronto that so many films before it have devoted to Manhattan .
I do n't think self-respecting audiences are supposed to believe in soul mates anymore . What If made me want to .
What If does n't take too many surprising turns to get where you know it 's going to go , but it handles each turn with consummate professionalism .
If this all sounds a bit unromantic , What If certainly shows true love is difficult . For this boy and girl , falling hard for someone is a choice rather than a destiny .
While it wo n't teach you much more about love other than the perfect recipe for a deep-fried peanut butter sandwich , it will make you feel warm and fuzzy for a little while .
What If is a quaint bit of real life infused with the usual rom/com quirks .
The picture flirts with the clichés , but skillfully avoids the worst of them , while going into unexpected territory , both comically and dramatically .
It 's a picture with close to zero new ideas , but it gets the old ideas so right that no one is likely to care .
Rafe Spall makes an enjoyably obnoxious fall guy - literally so , in one farcical , very funny scene .
The engaging lead performances and wit between the lines make the movie 's winning parts outweigh the contrived parts .
What If is that rare romantic comedy that 's able to fulfill both parts of the genre qualifications , while at the same time overcoming the limitations placed on it by the cumbersome and overused formula normally associated with it .
With little risk taken , here is a film you 've seen a million times before , and sadly , will see a million times again .
Nerd wish-fulfillment of the first order , this Canadian rom-com places an artificial barrier between its cute-as-a-button leads and asks us to stick around for an hour and a half until it 's artificially removed .
With his first romantic-comedy , Daniel Radcliffe proves adept at delivering snappy dialogue and generating strong chemistry with his costars , so it 's frustrating that the film is never remotely believable .
While Radcliffe and Kazan do their best with this skimpy material , their back-and-forth banter is , like , super-annoying ?
As far as diversions go , you can do far worse than `` What If , '' but this is a one night stand of movie , and not the long term keeper you 'll want to call in a few days to make another date .
Up until its cop-out denouement , What If manages to feel fresh even in spite of its well-worn elements .
This is a classic romantic comedy . Classic , by which I mean , quick-witted , and heartfelt .
This movie could leave you with the kind of indigestion that comes from formula .
Its plotting is predictable but Kazan and Radcliffe make a thoroughly engaging double act .
Entertaining in an instantly forgettable sort of way .
Advance buzz about this rom-com is that it would subvert the genre , which could n't be further from the truth . It simply reassigns the cliches to trendier personalities . It is a tired rom-com in boutique clothing . ` Girls ' with far less dangerous boys .
` What If ' is ` When Harry Met Sally ... ' for the current generation . I guess you could call it ` When Harry Potter Met Zoe Kazan ... ' Has anyone used that yet ? No ? Good , then I 'm stealing it .
Scored to inevitable strummy folk-pop , the film keeps itself amusingly busy until Wall and Chan do what it is they are going to do .
We 're used to rom-coms that show off hot bodies -LRB- see Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in Friends With Benefits -RRB- . With these two , it 's their melancholy average-ness that make us go wow .
Long before the script permits the characters to acknowledge the obvious , you lose patience : Jump into the deep end of the bed already . It would be more fun and friendly to all concerned , especially the audience .
The whole thing is clearly trying much too hard , but in its earnest , sloppy way is impossible to hate , the way it 's impossible to hate an ugly dog .
Smart , sweet , entirely predictable and completely engaging , What If is the kind of fairytale romantic comedy that sends you out with a big goofy smile on your face .
The dialogue is believable and funny , even if strays a little too often into the grotesque eating and toilet habits of the late Elvis Presley .
There are some reasonable moments , and Kazan brings all her cherubic prettiness and vulnerability , but I ca n't help thinking it appeared to better effect in her own romantic fantasy , Ruby Sparks .
None of it feels terribly authentic .
A pleasant surprise . Radcliffe shines .
The film 's fine .
Does n't redefine the rom-com , but it 's a fine example of the genre .
Jelly donut romantic comedy , a haphazard tale of two dorks in love .
The plot may be easy to fathom , but the undercurrents are astutely played by the actors as they 're forced to confront some uncomfortable truths and , somehow , move on .
For a kid who grew up in public and is worth an estimated 60 million , Daniel Radcliffe does a convincing job of playing a normal guy .
Radcliffe 's fan club might get something out of this . But it had me pining for the grittier work of Lopez , Aniston and Diaz .
A light , unexpected delight .
Formulaic , familiar and predictable , but also likable and well-cast , with enough verve to keep it out of the rom-com bargain bucket .
Radcliffe and Kazan are appealing , even if their banter is a bit so-what .
What If is a winning diversion that punches well above its weight thanks to two well-cast leads and a terrific supporting turn from Driver .
Trifling and tedious , totally predictable rom-com - not even worth placing on your Netflix queue .
It does apply enough wit and relatable human behavior to the formula to make it recommendable , which is more than you can say for most rom-coms .
Director Michael Dowse -LRB- `` Take Me Home Tonight '' -RRB- ca n't quite decide on a tone -- sly , whimsical or wacky ? -- but the problem is the material .
... it 's the confusion and internal conflict exposed as Wallace and Chantry try to fit in contemporary roles , or try to create new ones , that sets this story apart .
Ultimately , `` What If '' hinges on whether you care if Wallace and Chantry will hook up . The filmmakers do everything possible to ensure you do .
If you want a good gauge for how you will like What If , think about how you feel about -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer .
`` What If '' flies by on the instant and lasting chemistry between leads Daniel Radcliffe and Zoe Kazan .
`` What If '' is plenty charming in its way .
Eventually dances to a familiar beat of cliché to provide warmth , crippling whatever ambition it was once eager to share .
Radcliffe and Kazan 's crucible becomes trying to fully inhabit characters who talk past each other , never amounting to more than the sum of their snark .
Radcliffe and Kazan share a jovial let 's - be-friends spirit that helps lift us over the bumpy rom-com clichés .
What if this movie did n't have charismatic stars to carry it ? One shudders to think .
Sweet but mature romcom about friends in love .
There are a couple of terrific characters in What If , the sort around which you 'd want to build a romantic comedy . But they 're the best friends , not the protagonists .
It feels familiar and the appeal of the leads ca n't fully compensate for unremarkable dialogue and the obligatory -LRB- but nevertheless irritating -RRB- `` romantic complications '' subplot .
While What If does have its blemishes -- there are times when it 's just too cute for its own good -- it 's so enjoyable from moment to moment that it 's easy to forgive .
An uncompromisingly adorable modern-day romantic comedy ... Their reaction shots are delicious , rich with effortless charm , and often graced with small , attentive bits of body language .
This is standard rom-com terrain , and , as directed by Michael Dowse and written by Elan Mastai , it does n't fly high . At times it 's rather sweet , though , and Radcliffe and Kazan have a nice nerds-in-clover rapport .
The two of them are good here , but theyíre both capable of so much more . They elevate this mediocre material , but hereís hoping the pair meet again onscreen with characters and situations worthy of them .
In many ways , What If takes us down a road that When Harry Met Sally first traveled a quarter-century ago . Yet I did n't really mind revisiting the old friend vs. lover discussion , especially one with a contemporary slant and solid dialogue .
It may be another clichéd romantic comedy but , here , the whole is greater than the sum of its parts .
... a poignant , sweet romance that will have you chuckling but that can bring tears to your eyes , highlighting Zoe Kazan , rapidly proving herself to be one of the finest actresses on the big screen .
It 's a piffle , but the actors sell it . Adam Driver and Mackenzie Davis are scene-stealers , as well .
I 'll admit it : I fell hard for What If , even as I realized that in an alternate universe I may have wanted to punch all of these characters out .
What If does n't break new ground . But it has charm to spare , and Radcliffe and Kazan are irresistible . No ifs about it .
A happy surprise that 's bubbled up out of the rom-com swamp .
A glorified sitcom , with outbreaks of awkward slapstick complete with bodily injuries , in the mode of TV 's `` New Girl '' with its constant riff-happy repartee but three times as long .
... may veer uncomfortably close into some too cutesy moments and scatological bad taste , but it always manages to right itself , buoyed by its charming star pairing of Radcliffe and Kazan .
Spall is likable , Kazan is adorable , Driver is amusing enough as the blowhard best friend , and Radcliffe as Wallace is ... a passive-aggressive lump .
Even if the movie feels headed in a predictable direction , it 's fun to follow it , and even if the characters sound a little interchangeable , it 's still amusing to hear them speak .
It 's Radcliffe and Kazan , clinking their takeout coffees -LRB- well , there 's no clink in cardboard , is there ? -RRB- and radiating soulful desire and distress , that make What If more than just an iffy affair .
Diehard fans of these sorts of flicks wo n't mind the usual material and the predictability of it all . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Chemistry is a tough thing to quantify but Kazan and Radcliffe definitely have it .
... What If ends up as a perfectly fine movie that I 'll have forgotten all about by the end of the year .
Once you get past the film 's been-there theme - Can a straight man and a woman just be friends ? - it 's essentially , `` Check , please . ''
A film that is like one extended , excruciating anticlimax .
There 's nothing unfamiliar or unconventional about the thoroughly charming indie rom-com `` What If '' - but that is precisely this movie 's secret .
In the absence of novelty , execution becomes vital , and What If hits its marks with wit , consistency and even a bit of visual inventiveness .
A balloon of cuteness that makes you yearn for a pin , `` What If '' is Saturday night comfort food for those who need to believe that even the most curdled among us can find a mate .
What If draws on all the best tropes of the romantic comedy genre and transcends the sum of its parts with a sharp script , pleasing direction and charming stars .
It 's essentially a contemporary `` When Harry Met Sally '' played out with 20-somethings , and there 's nothing terribly wrong with that .
What If is a cute exploration of the not-unexplored territory of whether or not men and women can ever be friends . But it 's rarely cuteSY .
The film manages a neat trick of sticking close to formula while still being unexpectedly fresh .
What if is less conventional and more winning than most films in this category .
A romantic comedy that 's sporadically fixated by the subject of feces and cursed by ceaseless verbiage .
If you can suspend your incredulity for a moment , `` What If '' has its bright moments . And that 's thanks in large part to its leads , who manage to do what Radcliffe has always done well : conjure up a little magic .
The formulaic premise and self-indulgent writing defeat the best efforts of a likable cast .
Radcliffe is delightful , showcasing a sly , winning comedic style . Kazan 's charms are a bit more twee -LRB- her character is also more undefined -RRB- , but the warmth and energy between the two is undeniable .
Backed by a strong , well-chosen supporting cast , What If is smart enough to know how to use genre conventions without turning to clichés , and casts a gentle glow of warmth over all its characters .
Dowse blankets his love story with heavy layers of cutesy quirkiness , but there 's no denying its conventional and derivative soul .
An all-too rare creature : an American indie rom com that can be taken seriously and does n't leave you wondering where all the real people are .
An unctuous rom-com that runs its characters through every plastic cliché of a pre-Oscar McConaughey vehicle , ultimately causing us to root against the vacuous couple and their predetermined happy ending .
What if smart , talented people re-invigorated the rom-com with sass , sex , and sarcasm while still keeping the romance and raw emotion ? With What if , that hypothetical question has a very real - and very good - answer .
Radcliffe , who has been flirting with adulthood in his recent screen outings , arrives as a wry , unconventionally handsome leading man . And Kazan is radiant .
Why did the film 's charms elude me ? I felt arm-twisted by `` What If , '' for all its tossed-off verbiage and wisecracking .
The success of a romcom all comes down to whether you have a stake in seeing the couple together at the end . I have not rooted for the happiness of fictional characters so hard this year .
What If sings an old , familiar tune , but it does so with palpable enthusiasm and without missing a note .
What If is proof that , with a likable cast and a good grasp of tone , it 's possible to make a decent romantic comedy out of the genre 's most played-out clichés .
As with Goon before it , director Michael Dowse 's charmingly crude sensibilities elevate What If above the genre conventions it leans heavily on .
The movie is saturated with cute , teeming with cute , rancid with cute . I 'd endured all a man could fairly be expected to take when I glanced at my watch and realized there were still 95 minutes to go .
The more it tries to be smart , the more disappointing it is whenever it scampers back to rom-com convention .
Radcliffe proves he can handle the witticisms and warmth of a romantic comedy
For everyone still trying to make the perfect modern romantic comedy , What If comes the closest thanks to brilliant writing and a terrific cast at the top of their game .
Daniel Radcliffe engages in an otherwise groan-inducing affair .
Right up to its simplistic ending , the film is pleased to regurgitate the contrived tropes of the genre without ever honestly addressing the ethics of romantic boundaries .
Some fresh insights and new slants on the pesky question : can a man and a woman be friends and not lovers ?
... a decent romantic comedy that could -LRB- and should -RRB- have been so much better .
It has the same kind of young smart set speak that you hear all the time in Lena Dunham 's Girls .
With whipsnap dialogue and compelling , memorable performances , The F Word transcends its formulaic pretenses , resulting in a charming , quite effective film .
So yes , it 's derivative , but it 's also funny , charming , sharp and sweet , with Radcliffe and Kazan exchanging rapid-fire dialogue with each other .
Dowse seems content to turn out solid , down-the-middle crowd-pleasers-and , goodness knows , those are in awfully short supply .
The F Word offers a sweetly engaging 21st century variation on When Harry Met Sally , milking laughter and tears from the eternal dilemma of whether men and women can ever be just friends .
The movie primarily frustrates by doing nothing fresh . Careening toward an overly neat and tender resolution , `` The F Word '' lacks the gall to let its uncoordinated characters wind up victims of their situation .
Roughly three parts charming to one part cloying , `` The F Word '' attempts and largely succeeds at pulling off a smart , self-aware riff on romantic-comedy conventions while maintaining a core of earnest feeling .
Best indie rom-com since 500 DAYS OF SUMMER .
It 's really hard to finish . It 's liable to leave you queasy .
Well-scripted rom-com is a strong post-Potter step for Daniel Radcliffe .
Elevated from an above-average romantic comedy to a movie worthy of being embraced by a generation of twenty somethings because it refuses to let its characters off the hook .
The film has some genuine things to say about where you draw the line between loving someone and falling in love with someone

@highlight

Its narrative framework may be familiar , but What If transcends its derivative elements with sharp dialogue and the effervescent chemistry of stars Daniel Radcliffe and Zoe Kazan .