The Samaritan benefits substantially from the inclusion of a shocking turn in the narrative at around the halfway point ...
What could have been an intriguing character study about redemption turns into an absurd series of eye-rolling plot twists that makes it impossible to take this mess seriously .
Director David Weaver and co-writer Elan Mastai 's neo-noir script is just a shadow of the genre .
It packs its narrative with a succession of increasingly clichéd twists , one of which involves the sudden recognition that its main character , Foley -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- , is romantically involved with his own daughter .
The experience of watching Samuel L. Jackson actually act is the only real pleasure to be gleaned from the movie .
It 's not honest with its people , or its plot . And the only ones it really cheats are audience members .
Even the spirited Ruth Negga ca n't lift this by-the-numbers neo-noir out of its dull parboiled rut .
Director David Weaver and co-writer Elan Mastai twist the movie in several different directions before settling for a professional but generic pulp thriller .
-LSB- Jackson 's -RSB- doleful revenant is in almost every scene , and this hardworking actor seems to know that the film around him should be a light-footed caper instead of a grim noir with a side order of deviance .
It seems impossible that Jackson could go through an entire movie without ever raising his voice , but here he is .
A scripted cliché : the ex-con who wants to go straight until the plot kicks in .
`` The Samaritan '' proves that even Samuel L. Jackson can be boring .
The haphazard feeling of the narrative deflates any real tension .
Way too much psychosexual melodrama , portrayed in performances that range from utterly bored -LRB- Jackson -RRB- to embarrassingly broad -LRB- Kirby -RRB- .
The Samaritan takes a jarring turn right out of Park Chan-wook , and from there takes a tumble into ludicrousness from which it does n't recover .
It 's thoroughly mediocre , which feels like such a disappointment when one considers that the script 's ingredients include murder , deception , sex , and ungodly sin .
Sets itself up as a crime thriller yet fails to deliver more than a twinge of surprise as it meanders toward a flaccid endgame swindle .
Jackson seems only interested in cashing his paycheck , even if it 's not an especially large one .
`` The Samaritan '' is n't a great noir , but it 's true to the tradition and gives Samuel L. Jackson one of his best recent roles .
The theme 's familiar , but The Samaritan 's stylish palette -- the colors of corruption and despair -- paints it new .
... goes from mechanical to -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- hilarious , stopping frequently at the cliché shop along the way .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The Samaritan '' is a juicy little crime thriller that does the job .
Despite its exploitation ambitions , this Samaritan is good only for a last-ditch swerve into schmaltz .
Weaver 's story slowly begins to buckle under the weight of its own self-seriousness and familiarity , concluding with a showdown and resolution marked by one implausible and unsatisfying been-here-done-that twist after another .
If anything , this Canadian production misses a great opportunity to dig into its setting and examine the dark side of seemingly pristine Toronto , even as the script by Elan Mastai and director David Weaver labors over a mostly boilerplate storyline .
Probably hoping audiences will mistakenly assume this to be a comic book spin-off , the cynically-titled Fury is a derivative , low-energy slog pretty much from start to finish .
If the trickery is n't quite as multilayered as we might hope , there 's still Jackson 's furious performance to appreciate . He as fun to watch as he always is .
It 's a slow build until the final act , but it remains gripping thanks to a snaky plot that gets nastier and scarier as it develops .
Jackson carries all before him .
Surely there were sheepish faces all round in Jackson 's camp when they saw this ?
It wants to be a nimble-footed con movie , but also a bludgeoning -LRB- and bloody -RRB- revenge thriller , neither of which it succeeds in .
Good early running is seriously undercut by tiresome twists , predictable turns and a rushed , botched , improbable ending .
A rock solid Samuel L. Jackson adeptly anchors the twists and turns of this noir crime thriller .

@highlight

The Samaritan is a ludicrous neo-noir starring a seemingly bored Samuel L. Jackson .