In its own humble way , Footloose 's dancing ban and the events that prompt it illustrate the crux of today 's political divide .
It 's a really fun dance film that is n't hip-hop-oriented for a change and is , in this reviewer 's opinion , much more entertaining than the original .
A classic example of how much an audience can forgive if there 's a great opening and terrific ending .
Aside from hoping for a glance of yourself -LRB- or a pal -RRB- as an extra -LRB- it was filmed in Georgia -RRB- , I ca n't imagine a single good reason to see Footloose .
My Sunday shoes remain intact .
This remake could have audiences tapping their feet ... as they wait for it to end .
FEMA can take a day off because Footloose is one remake that wo n't be called a natural disaster , in fact , it 's one hell of a good film .
Director Craig Brewer has Southernized the story ... made it lighter on its feet .
It 's unlikely that Brewer 's Footloose will persuade many remake skeptics but the film does deliver surprisingly enjoyable character drama and exciting choreography .
I can easily imagine this FOOTLOOSE being looked back on down the road as the film that launched these names much like how the '84 film is reflected on in terms of Bacon .
Sadly , at least as far as I am concerned this new Footloose does n't dance to a different enough beat to make it something I 'd want to cut loose to .
You either go all the way with it or simply roll your eyes when confronted by its terrible , cynical crassness .
I 'm sure there was some great choreography and some great dancing that went into this movie . You do n't see any of it .
It 's taken me a long time to come to grips with this cinematic weakness - or maybe it 's a blessing . I like dance movies , especially if the music is bouncy and it makes the characters happy . That 's an infectious film sequence for me .
It 's as if the filmmakers decided , ` We 're sticking with the basic script , but this ai n't your mama 's ` Footloose . '
The latest Footloose is a step up from recent dance flicks .
The characters , the scenes , the dancing , even much of the dialogue are all plugged into a rigidly prefabricated storyline that treats its 1984 predecessor more as holy writ instead of perishable Reagan-era cheese .
It seems torn by a desire to appeal to every contemporary teenager 's rebellious side , but remains too scared to cut loose from the things that made the original appeal to their parents .
An unnecessary , though enjoyable , remake of Kevin Bacon 's 1984 breakout hit .
The makers of ` Footloose 2.0 ' can be faulted for actually sticking too closely to the original .
While the 2011 version of the film does n't suck , it is n't as good as the original ...
Better than I thought it would be , but not as good as I hoped it would be .
... the film 's overlength ultimately prevent -LSB- s -RSB- it from becoming the propulsive piece of work Brewer has clearly intended .
The dancing sequences are terrific - even the line-dancing is tolerable - but what really sells this quality reboot are the dashes of reality missing from the original .
If you have n't seen the original and are happy to ignore some of the more mad script decisions , you might get a kick out of it , but otherwise , youre better off re-watching the movie that started it all .
` I believe that any town where Dennis Quaid can wear pleated trousers should also be a town where kids can dance , ' says Ren . ` But first , I will prove my bona fides by racing a school bus encrusted with stuffed animals ! '
It 's a rare remake that improves on the original . But the new Footloose does just that . The dancing is better , the drama grittier , the stars sexier -- and the music and the cast are more energetic and diverse .
The most immaterial remake of 2011 , and boy , ai n't that saying something .
Brewer can ... stage and shoot a dance sequence in a way that the movement can be wholly appreciated , and those scenes become infectiously entertaining .
An almost risibly old-fashioned crowd-pleaser ... weirdly constrained by Brewer 's determination to ape the original so earnestly ... so clean-cut and wholesome that the MTV imprimatur attached to it seems like a joke .
This is an unimaginative , near-carbon copy of what everyone recognised in 1984 as a cross between Flashdance and Rebel Without a Cause .
I 'm sure there are plenty of people who will say that the original version was so much better than this one and they may be right , but I 'm certainly in no hurry to prove it .
With his delightful learning-how-to-dance sequence , Miles Teller almost steals ` Footloose ' from fantastic dancers Kenny Wormald and Julianne Hough .
Do n't come with any high expectations .
Footloose is completely harmless , and quite enjoyable at times . Like any good pop song , it 's got a beat , and you can dance to it .
Utterly unnecessary , ham-fisted remake of a supposed 1980s `` classic . ''
It seems more pandering -LRB- and dated -RRB- than ever .
I was not impressed by the original and was pleased to find a slight satisfaction in the refreshed model .
Footloose is fancy-free , an iconic movie 's tribute that could stand on its own two , tapping feet .
`` Footloose '' has the look and feel of an OK basic cable movie . ''
In terms of empty-headed exuberance , it 's hard to top Footloose .
There was really no reason to remake it , but if you accept the fact that remakes are inevitable in today 's Hollywood , then the new Footloose shows at least how to avoid travesty .
This is a situation where audiences will go into the theater humming the featured songs , and while the movie they see offers no surprises , it does something relatively few fall releases can claim : it delivers exactly what it promises ...
` You deal with your pain in extremes , ' the minister is told . The line is a key to Brewer 's filmography : All the director 's movies are about people who deal with their pain in extremes , and the plots chronicle the consequences of their coping ...
Sure , it sings a familiar tune . But it 's got a good beat , and you can dance to it .
Tweaking the story just a little , the new film brings things up to date while including a few nostalgic salutes to the original - including Ren 's bright-yellow VW Beetle and Ariel 's red-leather cowboy boots .
Remake is surprisingly fresh but still faithful to original .
This remake plays like the high school version of a big Broadway stage show . Although that 's probably unfair to high school theater .
Footloose is kind of like eating imitation crab . The taste is there , but it 's just not quite right .
The movie brings out some touching and heartfelt emotions . You wo n't be able to resist bobbing your head and tapping your toes . The 113-minute running time passes by quickly as you become totally absorbed in this crowd-pleasing musical extravaganza .
` Footloose ' remake is almost paradise .
If Footloose had to be remade , this is probably the best version we were likely to get .
While the story is more oddly archaic than ever , we might find ourselves exiting the movie with the overwhelming desire to kick off our own Sunday shoes .
The good-looking , athletic cast kick up their heels with gusto and choreographer Jamal Sims melds line dancing with hip hop and street , always harking back affectionately to the iconic moments of the earlier version .
May not make as great a dent in the current generation as the original film had , but it does offer up a commendable amount of energy and heart ...
it 's a decent offer notwithstanding the fact that it 's an unnecessary remake hoping to cash in on the reputation of its earlier incarnation . -LRB- Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
A film that 's corny , predictable and disposable . But it 's also pretty good fun - after you 've had a few .
Paramount 's Footloose reboot never quite cuts loose enough to distinguish itself from the original .
A cheerful if slightly vacuous entertainment , with some intrepid dancing to keep audiences on their toes .
By the time four little girls teach a dorky guy to dance to -LRB- the original -RRB- `` Let 's Hear It for the Boy '' I was a gelatinous blob of pure affection . Bring on `` Flashdance '' 2.0 .
Brewer has delivered a largely unobjectionable note-for-note facsimile of Herbert Ross 's ode to teenage rebellion , young love and the unfettered joy of movement .
This new version will quite capably supply the same amount of carefree fun to a new generation . Which is exactly what a clever , if not particularly ambitious , remake sets out to do .
I never want to dance again .
Barely fresh considering director Craig Brewer essentially made a carbon copy of the original film just with less chemistry and a leading actor who sounded like Mark Whalberg !
The remake ... dabbles in unnecessary fisticuffs like the original but also provides greater diversity of dancing and allows Miles Teller to do the unthinkable and shine as Chris Penn did as Willard , the friend who can not dance .
Brewer makes good use of the songs from the 1984 film that work , and while the film is too long , dragging out the drama , it 's got a real pulse .
The patent absurdity would be forgotten or at least forgiven if the songs and the moves were any good , but aside from the title track it 's a sorry farrago of blandness .
You ca n't really ask much more from something you did n't ask to exist in the first place . I 'm not here to tell you to give in or just go with it . But if you do , you 'll leave smiling . Sometimes the machine spits out something good .
It 's the single most harmless teen movie in the recent cinematic landscape , and also one of the most charmingly fun .
A real drag from beginning to end .
There 's no getting around it : this is a crushingly terrible picture .
Footloose drags its heels to the senior prom and , when it finally gets there , shoves in one last punch-up that puts an odd spin on what should be an upbeat display of happy feet .
You got to turn me around and put my feet on the ground , so I can walk out as quickly as possible .
Following the script of the original as if it were an Arthur Murray dance diagram , Brewer 's do-over is at its root a very capable display of painting by numbers .
A dumbed-down , sexed-up take on a story that was already risqué and not too bright ... softens the '84 film 's critique of the church , but is also further from its lingering Christian worldview .
Whether you prefer the original or the remake will be a matter of taste .
There 's at least one very compelling reason to see it : Brewer understands how to do music on film better than anyone else working today .
Every dance sequence in the film is simply spectacular .
The most important thing this version has in common with the original is that the talking parts are too long and the dancing parts are too short .
While it does n't excuse Hollywood and their tendency to prefer the established property over a new idea , at least they 're getting better at making the reboots watchable .
Works as a breezy entertainment that audiences will want to flock to on a Friday night .
Sweet , shamelessly cheesy and surprisingly wholesome .
`` Footloose '' is still too long and too square to jump up and down about . But it offers a mild diversion for those who still believe `` the music is on his side . ''
Give credit to Craig Brewer , the filmmaker behind the new Footloose , for realizing a new step was in order .
All in all , this is a film I attended with rock-bottom expectations , and came out of feeling elated .
This guilty-pleasure update has an angsty adolescent energy that 's as infectious as anything in Contagion .
A new Footloose with sassier steps and the same contrived story is hardly necessary .
Solidly entertaining and , dare I say , toe tapping fun ! ''
Stays remarkably close to its predecessor in all the ways that count .
It 's a vibrant youth musical that will appeal to audiences who have n't seen the 1984 original . And it has enough charm and life to it to compete with the memory of the earlier version .
The film 's sheer exuberance is frequently enough to overcome its regular moments of dull writing , dubious logic , and clichéd plotting and acting .
The idea of an American town outlawing dancing was a stretch back in 1984 , but in the intervening years , it 's actually become more believable - which goes some way to justifying this remake .
Footloose 2011 is harmless as far as it goes , but on the dance floor and off it never goes nearly far enough .
The film 's best asset is Miles Teller , so good as the guilty teenager of `` Rabbit Hole , '' as the lead 's instant best buddy .
a pretty good remake of Footloose : good-hearted , sincere , enjoyable , not too stupid
Maybe there is something timeless in anachronism . Maybe Brewer has located the heart beneath the hoke .
As in most movies of this ilk , the drama is stuff you sit through to get to the good parts , which are the zippy music and athletic dancing . And they are very good .
It 's an eruption of joyous , jitterbugging energy and a polished piece of filmmaking .
Some things never change : The best part of `` Footloose '' is the dancing .
Every now and then , we need to be reminded that shaking your booty is something essential . Or , in the case of director Craig Brewer 's Footloose update , shaking your rebooty .
It 's as if Brewer is taking a stand for movies that look like movies instead of audience hipness barometers .
Wormald lacks Bacon 's charisma but Hough has an undeniable star quality , and Teller is a comic delight .
Surprisingly enjoyable . Please do n't remake Flashdance , though .
A boisterous , almost scene-for-scene remake of the 1984 jukebox-musical-dance hit .
Once you 've seen the remake of Footloose , it really does n't seem like such a bad idea .
Brewer has a firm command of the material and a great sense of how to film dance sequences . Ca n't wait to see what this filmmaker does next .
Clearly , Brewer has come to praise Footloose , not to bury it , and so he leaves Dean Pitchford 's screenplay more or less intact . The result is one of the more pleasant surprises of 2011 .
Sells the concept 's inherent silliness with enough lighthearted charm and earnestness to match the surprisingly enduring original .
The movie plays like a slightly degraded version of the original : the dialogue is a little lamer , the acting a little poorer .
Do n't hate Footloose because it 's a remake . The dance-movie-love-story-freedom-of-expression thumper is a rollicking good time .
Somehow `` Footloose '' never finds its rhythm . The maudlin scenes drag on , and the livelier moments pass by too quickly .
Finds a victorious sense of pride in dancing your ass off -- good clean rebellion if there ever was some .
If you can leave your cynicism at the door then this is top-quality Saturday night popcorn entertainment .
`` Footloose '' poses as a bold update , but it 's shockingly out of step with the times .
It 's pretty much the same movie , minus some of the more egregious '80s fashions .
Whatever limitations the movie has are part of its charm .
When a film depends on feeling something between the photogenic but antiseptic Wormald and Hough , and you do n't , you realize why that film may come up short in ways unrelated to dance training .
Brewer 's hot-and-bothered remake uncorks the original 's raging libido , and it 's as seamy and sordid as that damnable PG-13 rating will allow .
This 2011 version is so similar - sometimes song for song and line for line - that I was wickedly tempted to reprint my 1984 review , word for word .
None of the changes improves on the original Footloose , even though the two young leads are both professional dancers - did n't the budget allow for anything more than raft swinging and barn hoofing ?
There is good humour throughout .
While there 's definite energy in the dance sequences , the hokum outweighs the exuberance .
What results is something stylish , modern , nostalgic , cheesy , and more than a little Frankensteinian .
I do n't know what Brewer wanted to capture . There are too many close-ups of stomping , swinging feet to suggest he cared about great choreography .
A pleasant reminder of the past for fans of the first one , and an agreeable-enough experience for everyone else .
Craig Brewer 's adaptation cleverly gives several nods and winks to the first film , but also has a modern sensibility that every teenager today will understand .
Wormald and Hough do n't look or dance like adolescents letting off steam ; their professionalism overwhelms what should be a simple pleasure . The film sometimes has the same problem .
As far as acting goes , these kids certainly can dance .
In most regards -LRB- We still miss Kevin Bacon -RRB- , this is a `` new and improved '' `` Footloose , '' funnier , sunnier and funkier . Simply put , it works .
It may not be great art , but it sure as hell knows how to dance .
Entertaining , sporadically delightful , but like most reheats , it lacks the essential sense of surprise found in the original picture .
Brewer adds a gritty texture and shows ingenuity in the ways he inserts tunes from the original . But the basic material is at best a guilty pleasure .
This updated version of the 27-year-old Footloose is competently made and lively enough .
Updating the quarter-of-a-century old original with a more racially representative cast and hipper street moves , Brewer also trumps his predecessor with a zinging script and some likeable performances ...
Hugely entertaining , remake that 's obviously been made with a healthy love of the original film and succeeds thanks to a faithful script , terrific dance sequences and strong performances from its cast .
Wormald and Hough are both handsome and good on the dance floor , but they come across more like teen stars in training than representations of real youth angst .
It 's startling how badly the dance numbers and action sequences are staged , shot and cut .
Star-crossed lovers Wormald and Julianne Hough ca n't match Bacon and Lori Singer , but over-30s will tap feet and the Glee crowd will mime along .
A virtual cinematic poison pill to anyone irrevocably divorced from any trace memories of adolescent feeling , and further proof that in life but especially art feeling is stronger than thought .
The plot may be straightforward but it 's refreshing to see a modern dance film that tackles religion , convention and local law alongside the requisite forbidden romance .
This Footloose takes place in the same authentic , sweaty , lived-in South as his Hustle & Flow and Black Snake Moan .
While it 's true that few viewers will venture into a theater showing this remake for the story , the screenplay should not be a detriment to enjoyment . Less talking and more dancing would have made for a more footloose and fancy-free environment .
While hewing closely to Footloose 's original story and themes , Brewer 's film throws the standard high school movie notion of a teenage caste system out the window .
Brewer puts just enough smarts , sweat and swagger into his version of the dance steps making up this film that you ca n't help but move your feet and hum along .
Like the original , it 's a bogus melodrama built around ersatz popular music . . a tribute to cinematic contrivance , a product instead of an expression of anything remotely real .
Predictable plot , solid music and dancing .
After his sophomore jinx , Brewer is back on firm ground with this retro -LRB- but not cool -RRB- , old-fashioned musical remake , which you can see with your parents and grandparents due to its unabashedly corny and harmless nature .
There have been far , far worse remakes out there . Harmless , feel-good fun .
It feels like a film walking in the shoes of its predecessor with a slightly sassier spring in its step . But at a certain point in the final act , this remake seems to forget why we 're all watching .
Is there any thing lamer than rebelling exactly the same way that your parents did ? ... This is not to elevate the original Footloose beyond its modest , corny self , but the remake feels pointedly useless .
A lively and rambunctious remake of the 1984 classic about a rebel with a cause who loves to dance .
This remake rocks with toe-tapping adolescent angst .
Ren now dances with his iPod , the black kids krump in the carpark and the grown-ups worry about the recession . And that 's about where the updating ends .
Footloose is an anodyne example of Hollywood 's fixation on remakes but it is slightly better than I expected .
The glue subtly holding everything together for Footloose is the intelligent and atmospheric direction of Craig Brewer , best known for his superb handling of the cult classic Hustle and Flow .
It may adhere to the original a little too closely , but this remake is still an immensely enjoyable ride boosted by Craig Brewer 's pitch-perfect musical instincts .
Nothing about this remake challenges the original . What it does do is introduce a new generation to a great story with heart and there really ca n't be anything wrong with that .
Brewer 's camera clings to the bodies of the dancers who emit more heat than the burning Southern sun .
This is a squeaky clean teen movie , really . I was amazed at how people do n't know how to direct dance these days .
The young cast are engaging , especially Miles Teller in the role originally played by Christopher Penn. .
Not even a rather obvious lack of interest in the adult actors amongst can stop Footloose from finally becoming the film that 1980s nostalgia would have us assume the original is .
Brewer , who previously put his high-intensity spin on Hustle & Flow and Black Snake Moan , displays his coolest moves in the way he smartly unties this Footloose from its 1980s moorings .
From start to finish , Brewer 's remake exudes the look and style of its forebearers : semi-awkward dance choreography , clunky dialogue and an obedience to formula that borders on cliché . But somehow , it works .
-LSB- W -RSB- e have ... turned into four-year-olds who want to watch nothing but the same Blue 's Clues DVD over and over again ...
Footloose is a fun , energetic and sexy remake which successfully remixes its cult classic predecessor to make for an entertaining time at the flicks .
Foot-tapping fun , sexy dancing , romance and making changes are the mainstays of this likeable , high energy remake of the 1984 classic
Footloose is a solid dance film that should find a new , appreciative audience with a younger generation that does n't hold the '84 film in as high esteem as audiences over 40 .
Will win you over with its refreshingly fun take on a beloved '80s classic as it showcases some fine new talent .
Craig Brewer directs films like a man with electricity emanating from his fingertips . It feels like his pictures might , at any point , ignite into a fiery ball of sex ... Footloose is what we talk about when we talk about having fun at the movies .

@highlight

While it hews closely to the 1984 original , Craig Brewer infuses his Footloose remake with toe-tapping energy and manages to keep the story fresh for a new generation .