Every dilemma is resolved minutes after it begins . There is no danger , no complex character to dissect , nothing .
Yet for a director so adept at discovering , eliciting and pursuing a kind of inspired mania and adventurousness in his fellow man , coming across his first female heroine Herzog stumbles .
While I 'd hoped this was Herzog 's manic fever dream of a sweeping melodramatic romance , it wanders off a cliff .
With so many classics to his name , the legendary Werner Herzog need not apologize for helming Queen of the Desert -- it 's just shocking that his name is attached to something as arid and uninspired as this stillborn drama .
Typical of films focused on women , it dwells too much on her romantic involvements rather than the complexity and significance of her intellectual and emotional achievements .
Herzog seldom has made a movie this sparkless and generic in its feel .
... offers a half-hearted examination of colonialism and pre-war British foreign policy , although much of the context becomes lost in a film that turns rambling and tedious when it should be at its most suspenseful .
Romantic longing has never really been part of Herzog 's cinematic vocabulary -LRB- love in his films typically looks like manic obsession -RRB- , which may explain why some of it is more stiff than emotionally moving .
This may be Werner Herzog 's most conventional film , but its mostly untold true story knows what it means for a woman to choose a life of adventure and intellect .
A strongly conventional film that ends up sinking into irreparable lethargy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As stunningly picturesque as all of this undeniably proves to be , Queen of the Desert is a barren emotional quagmire , Bell 's incredible story deserving of so much more than this movie sadly proves to be willing to offer .
The story is mostly formless and , as a result , rather disorienting .
The result is a well-made invitation to nod off .
Bell was an extraordinary figure , tailor-made for a dazzling presence like Kidman , but Werner Herzog , directing his own script , unwisely structures Bell 's story around her intimate relationships with men .
a dressed-up memoir without a thing to say
The movie should be talking about the truces Bell forged , the friendships she created and the books she wrote , not the dudes she smooched .
An epic portrait of Gertrude Bell , an English explorer , polymath , and astute political analyst of the Middle East .
It 's rather confounding that one of the world 's boldest , most curious filmmakers could take a bold , curious subject like Gertrude Bell and make such a dull , inert -LRB- if pretty -RRB- movie about her .
I ca n't say it is n't marginally intriguing . Nor can I ignore the inspirational qualities of Bell 's feisty independence and diplomatic flare . But there 's no getting past the flimsiness of a movie that 's too often as dry as the Arabian sands .
One thing that `` Queen of the Desert '' did do for me is to inspire me want to learn more about Gertrude Bell .
A bland departure from the director 's normally madcap norm .
Queen remains Kidman 's show , and if still with a movie star-ish aura , she is a treat . Herzog , however , never attains real complexity or an understanding of Bell 's interior life . But damn if the desert does n't look splendid .
-LSB- Queen of the Desert -RSB- lacks even the remotest hook beyond curiosity about the primary subject , and even that fades .
An emotionally empty , thematically ill-defined , and listless affair . It is never able to communicate the complexity of the woman at its center .
Gertrude Bell deserves better , and so do we .
A clunky , repetitive but sporadically effective account of pioneering traveler Gertrude Bell .
Despite Kidman 's best efforts , almost nothing clicks on an emotional level , and the movie passes as slowly as sand through an hourglass .
Even the stodgiest biopic would be redeemed by Mr. Herzog 's eye . The shots that track Bell into her meetings with Arab leaders may have you catching your breath .
The main flaws in `` Queen '' ... are a lurching narrative coupled with dialogue awkwardness , and a blasé approach to Bell 's motivations .
Falling swan feathers and scattered rose petals in a Werner Herzog film ?
For a movie with so much heart , `` Queen of the Desert '' is a remarkably bloodless enterprise .
Utilizing a larger budget and working with an eclectic cast , Herzog has the right idea here , following in David Lean 's footsteps as the saga touches on cultural shifts and adventurer solitude .
A lifeless , brainless costume drama from , of all people , Werner Herzog .
The script Herzog himself has written to dramatize Bell 's life , and the film he has made from that script , is laughably hollow and inert .
Herzog fails to give any sense of -LSB- Bell 's -RSB- motivation or connection to the place she devoted so much of her time to exploring .
It 's a great story , but the movie has a flatness that ca n't be denied .
Herzog 's latest narrative feature is a failure of such a baffling degree that it may leave you wondering whether he suffered sunstroke in the desert heat while filming it .
All lavish period detail and stiff upper lips , it 's a handsome bore-maybe the most dismayingly ordinary movie Herzog has ever made .
Throughout Queen of the Desert 's narrative , there 's no sense of danger , of texture , or even of a rudimentary idea of what 's truly driving Gertrude Bell .
Helmed by Werner Herzog with that heavyweight cast , it should have been so much better .
Atypical of Herzog 's solid style , Queen Of The Desert feels almost woozy , since the hard-edged adventure of Bell is rendered in an inappropriate soft focus .
For moviegoers looking to lose themselves in an old-school epic , Queen Of The Desert certainly fits the bill . But as a celebration of the life of a feminist pioneer , the film is sorely lacking .
Its melodrama is stodgy , its dialogue laugh-out-loud corny and its politics uncomfortably dated . I 'm astounded that a director as idiosyncratic as Herzog could have made it .
The result , sadly , falls far short of expectations , evoking a mood more Mills & Boon , or Merchant Ivory , than Herzog .
Kidman , Franco , Lewis and Pattinson -LRB- of course -RRB- are all stiffly uneasy here .
On the whole , Queen of the Desert is best classed as an enjoyably bad movie , something less common than it used to be .
... perfectly competently made ...
Though Nicole Kidman gives it her all , a torrent of clinical cliches and passion-free romantic clutches keeps washing away any hard-won points for effort .
The result is a meandering film of disjointed experiences , albeit interesting and beautifully filmed
As it is , Herzog 's film is a bit of a yawn and a tease - leading us into the desert but leaving us high and dry
A work that not only references the historical setting and panoramic desert compositions of David Lean 's Lawrence of Arabia , but the refined desire and period elegance of the Merchant Ivory canon .
A passionless depiction of someone we never get to really know , much less care about .
Visually exquisite .
In real life , 1868-1926 , Bell was someone who cast aside centuries of gender traditions on her own terms . Here she is reduced to `` a woman who just misses her man . ''
The politics are an addendum to a mismanaged history lesson , so it fails to convey what Gertrude Bell did and it 's a polemic that seems to come out of nowhere .
There is a great story to be told about Gertrude Bell I 'm sure , but this is not it .
Queen of the Desert is such a conventionally romantic biopic -LRB- of the great explorer of the Middle East , Gertrude Bell -RRB- that it 's hard to believe it 's the work of that genius , Werner Herzog .
Everything proceeds in bog-standard , romantic movie-epic fashion .
There are some beautiful shots of desert landscapes , plenty of scene-stealing work from the camels , and , early on , some very picturesque shots of the British countryside .
It is grown-up , respectable and historical , perfectly competently made , lots of accents and period dressing-up ... and just the tiniest bit dull .
It 's pretty and watchable , with Kidman trying her heartfelt best , but it ca n't make its Gertrude Bell , as lover , cultural pioneer and feminist icon , add up to more than a series of voguish poster-girl poses .
A stunning misfire .
An uninspiring , and wholly underwhelming piece of cinema
Herzog has created by far the greatest failure of his career
Much of the problem with Queen of the Desert lies in its casting . Nicole Kidman , as Bell , may fare better than she did as Grace Kelly in the risible Grace of Monaco , but she hardly looks desert-hardened .
All the film adds up to , unfortunately , is a sweeping romantic epic made with barely any persuasive romantic feeling underpinning it .
Given the intrigues and even political insights that a serious , fully committed treatment of Bell 's life might have resulted in , it 's a shame her years in the land she loved are apparently reducible to ill-fated investments in two bland , charmless men .
A passionless trudge that lacks both sweep and psychological complexity .
`` Queen of the Desert '' is such a disappointment when you consider the wild portraits of pioneers that Herzog has given us before , that he 's so reverent here .
In the end , it 's not clear what 's driving Bell , nor what 's holding her back .
While enjoyable in parts , its episodic pacing lets down the real-life story of a bold and remarkable woman .

@highlight

Queen of the Desert unites some undeniably talented professionals , but it 's difficult to discern what drew them together -- or understand how its compelling real-life story became such a muddled mess .