Madcap coincidences and an emotional speech in an unlikely situation ruin the tender tone the film worked so hard to achieve .
Excellent performances from Carell , Moore , Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The all-star cast is able to class up the situations to make them feel as funny and original as possible .
Overall , I enjoyed Crazy , Stupid , Love for what it was-a movie of moderate means and moderate ambitions that is made interesting by a strong ensemble cast ...
While the film is rather jumpy with abrupt switches from scene to scene , the cast and the dialogue more than make up for any flaws . For a film about divorce , it 's surprisingly funny and romantic .
Like a Steve Martin movie from the mid-90 's , it 's bearable but should be better .
Feel free to skip the endless denouement .
A slickly polished , perhaps too carefully-structured romantic comedy that benefits immeasurably from Gosling 's brand of anarchy .
This well-cast comedy easily stands high above many of the romantic comedies we 've seen in recent years .
This is a movie with a bigger heart than a brain . As frustrating as it can be , still , there are worse offenses .
Crazy , Stupid , Love has several humorous spots and is filled with good performances from the entire cast .
Steve Carell , with Ryan Gosling as his wing man ? Go figure .
It 'll make you laugh , it 'll make you 'll frown , it might even make you cry , but mostly it 'll just make you want to have sex with Ryan Gosling .
While `` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' does have several funny parts , it was rather hard to shake the feeling that the film was too drawn out for the story it was trying to tell .
I laughed and I cried in this happy , crazy and spectacularly funny film that is one of the most enjoyable of the year .
The deft balance between humor and more earnest matters of the heart makes for the best of both worlds .
The acting is universally excellent , and during the majority of the film 's running time what 's taking place is almost too glorious for words .
The affable atmosphere is perpetuated by the consistently engaging nature of Fogelman 's screenplay ...
Competent and smart , ` Crazy , Stupid , Love ' is anything but . Because it features an ensemble of people who ca n't quite get love straight , it reminds me a little of ` Love , Actually . '
If you 're hungry for a romantic comedy that 's really entertaining and does n't insult your intelligence , here it is .
The characters and their predicaments rather grow on you . Silly ? Yeah , a little . Touching ? Yeah , a lot .
Preposterous at times , but smart and heartfelt too .
Steve Carell sets aside his goofball schtick for a more earthy role in this satisfying , mature ensemble romantic dramedy .
All of the characters - with the exception of Marisa Tomei 's horribly maligned love interest - feel entirely honest
In terms of writing and direction it has an almost indie-film feel to it , but with that Hollywood gloss to make it palatable to mainstream viewers .
Crazy , Stupid , Love sees directors John Requa and Glenn Ficarra very quickly building a name for themselves , able to again craft an honest film that , up until the very end , flows naturally and with great confidence .
These characters reflect no people that I 've ever met . They 're as crazy and stupid as the title suggests .
While far from a landmark effort in the careers of anyone involved , there is more than enough heart and humour in Crazy , Stupid , Love to make it worthwhile .
This film can only have been written by someone who has been both crazy with passion and has been to a parent-teacher night . Recommended .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a breezy and easy-to-swallow ensemble piece about hopeless romantics and sexual predators , and the terrifying/heartwarming similarities they share . Only minimally cloying ... it 's buoyed by radiant and charming performances .
With a strong cast and a willingness not to take the easy way out or the easy laughs , Crazy , Stupid , Love shines a light on the darker side of relationships without losing its heart or becoming a total cynic .
Stone and Gosling are great together ; anyone want to put them together in a rom-com spin-off , you 've sold one ticket right here .
Its own brand of sitcomy sickly sweetness is n't all that bad .
A modern , adult story that 's both uproariously funny and touchingly real .
It 's several cuts above the average romantic comedy that we 've been getting lately and I 've been sort of railing against those , because they 're not romantic and they 're not funny but this is both romantic and funny .
The timing of the comedy is great , it 's a smart and talented effort that only falters slightly at the end .
In a world goofily guffawing at the likes of Horrible Bosses , The Change-Up , Johnny English Reborn and Bad Teacher , an un-stupid movie such as Crazy , Stupid , Love is conspicuously going against the flow .
Tweaking the Hollywood rom-com formula enough to seem fresh , this is smart , funny and heartfelt entertainment boosted by the charm of its terrific cast .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The burning question in this romantic comedy with a twist is whether you can believe in -LSB- Steve Carell -RSB- when he 's being serious . And does he do enough to make us laugh the rest of the time ?
The final half-hour undoes everything as the directors get embarrassingly serious and sentimental .
The `` love '' on offer in this romcom that marks yet another notch of disappointment on Steve Carrell 's career is neither crazy nor stupid , just cynical and schmaltzy by turns
There 's more than enough charm and good humour here to sweep you off your feet .
Crazy , Stupid , Love proves to be far smarter - and sweeter - than its contrived set-up would suggest thanks to a classy cast .
A sophisticated romantic comedy boasting pithy dialogue and exemplary performances from a cast which explores the many winding paths to true love .
While this boasts a few laughs , it contains absolutely no surprises .
There may not be much competition , but it 's among the best of the year .
It 's blessed with one of the most adroit comedy scripts since Richard Curtis burst upon the romcom scene with Four Weddings And A Funeral .
It ties its strands together a touch too tightly two-thirds of the way through - but still leaves enough hanging at the end to be credible .
For long stretches , Glenn Ficarra and John Requa 's Crazy , Stupid , Love is a sharp , decidedly superior romantic comedy whose top-rate performers and fizzy dialogue go a long way to overcoming its tired set-up .
Maudlin , glossy , overextended .
A hilarious insight into the world of dating , with a lorra , lorra laughs to be had .
Gosling exudes a cool , studied confidence and the scenes of him educating Cal , while displaying his own killer prowess with women , are amongst the most entertaining .
Enjoyable comedy drama with likeable characters , an engaging script and terrific performances from a fine ensemble cast , though it 's also a little too long and there are a couple of moments that seem misjudged .
A lot of mixed-up fun to watch at the time and includes a neat twist .
Crazy , Stupid , Love feels like it wants to please everyone , but you feel the strain at every turn .
One of the funniest films of the year .
This is witless , saccharine and lifeless ...
The kind of film that makes you want to call someone the minute it 's over , even if just to tell them to go see this movie .
... combines the adolescent humiliation of American Pie and the middle-aged angst of The 40 Year-Old Virgin .
Crazy Stupid Love is funnier , smarter and more touching than your average cut-out-andkeep Hollywood relationship flick .
Both riotously funny and heartwarmingly sweet , Crazy , Stupid , Love is a romantic comedy that -- finally -- lives up to its label .
At the end of this intelligent romantic comedy we realize that it 's people who are crazy and stupid , and love is this precious gift that 's worth fighting for .
Algunas buenas ideas , varios chistes y un buen elenco no alcanzan para evitar que termine siendo una comedia romántica previsible , melosa y bastante conservadora .
So close , and yet so far .
But it is young Mr. Bobo that surprises with a performance that belies his 14 years . His Robbie , more than anyone else in the film , has a handle on what love is and how it should be .
The degree of difficulty was high on studio comedy Crazy , Stupid , Love , which could easily have gone south in less skillful hands . The cast led by Steve Carell delivers .
A strong cast makes the most of an insightful , jaggedly hilarious script . And it also helps that the actors and directors cleverly depict real-life situations in ways that are both witty and emotionally engaging .
There is a 5 minute sequence that holds up against the greatest romantic films of all time . Then there 's the rest , which I wo n't stop to watch on cable/satellite next year .
conveys both the exuberance of being in love and all of the potential pain it can bring
Erratic ton a clue to Crazy , Stupid , LOVE
For each dark , tangy or authentic moment this romantic comedy offers , there are several scenes of overprocessed , underspiced Hollywood fare .
The best and most frustrating kind of good-but-not-great movie .
Hit or miss screenplay should have been just `` hit ''
Steve Carell joined by a talented cast in Crazy , Stupid , Love
When a movie opens with a woman telling her husband that she wants a divorce after twenty-five years of marriage and it is n't played for laughs , you know you 're not in for a `` typical '' Hollywood comedy ...
A good film that never quite becomes a very good film , even though it sometimes flirts with greatness .
But it is Gosling who steals the show . Flexing his extraordinarily buffed torso and his acting chops , the young star proves his comic skills are as well honed as his dramatic ones , and that 's saying a lot .
There 's strong , fleetingly powerful stuff in Crazy , Stupid , Love. , but like its awkwardly punctuated title , the movie jerks to a halt just when it 's beginning to flow .
... an invigorating mix that works with the clichés in a way that makes them fresh and painfully real .
Here , for the most part , are fully realized people , with understandably complicated emotions , even though they are occasionally crammed into bumper cars of farcical complications and told to have at it .
Perhaps the summer 's biggest surprise is `` Crazy , Stupid , Love . '' It fills the bill as funny , romantic and simply overflowing with various revelations of its own .
Emma Stone stands out above a marvelous cast and makes this memorable .
Too many side plots dilute the basic story and make this movie fall into the good category instead of the great .
I feel like it is trying to be too many things at once .
It 's not a horrible film , but it 's nowhere near as good as it could -LRB- or should -RRB- have been .
Affecting and amusing , reminding audiences never to give up on finding romance .
Amusing , initially smart and heartfelt with plenty of charm thanks to its terrific ensemble cast , but it eventually becomes contrived , uneven and sophomoric .
Carell , Gosling and Stone are great , and give you some of the best romantic comedy moments in years .
The secret to the film 's success starts with its blue-chip cast , the summer 's finest gathering of thespians with the possible exception of Woody Allen 's Midnight in Paris .
It 's a tempestuous up and down storyline of laughing and sighing .
As farce it 's more about confusion and miscommunication than any real insights into love or marriage , but audiences just wanting to be entertained should have a great time .
... a fugue on the multigenerational facets of love ...
A lively , well-acted , deeply honest look at love , family and romance .
Crazy , Stupid , Love . is as chock full of great laugh lines as it is unnecessary punctuation .
It gets better and funnier after a labored and lumbering start , which is entirely the opposite of most Hollywood comedies .
Steve Carell already played a modern day Noah in titanically bad `` Evan Almighty . '' In `` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' he redeems himself in his second Old Testament challenge : Job of the RomCom .
When it focuses on the two main relationships , Crazy , Stupid , Love shines .
A few contrivances too many make this otherwise appealing romantic comedy seem occasionally ungainly , yet its sensational cast manages to breezily flick away most distractions .
It 's smart , does n't play down to its audience , and has some of the best chemistry among its lead actors we 've seen displayed onscreen this year .
The movie is going for a wistful romanticism . For me it was more like a pervy sociopathy .
I saw more jellyfish in Crazy , Stupid , Love than I saw in the Florida ocean . Because not only are the characters all spineless , like jellyfish , they have no brains .
Let me be the first to declare the breakout hit of the summer has finally arrived . This movie is so good it will bring tears of joy to your eyes . It balances frank discussions with humorous situations . It does n't follow the . .
You 're likely to fall in love with these characters , Cal and Hannah especially -- and when you 're in love , you 're willing to forgive a few faults .
This is not the ultimate romantic comedy - the one that makes you fall as hard for the characters as they do for one another while savoring their every interaction - but it seems fresher and less recycled than much of the product out there .
... Steve Carell and Julianne Moore play their scenes honestly and believably , so while the characters and incidents around them become farcical at times , the core of the film remains subdued and even melancholy . Both actors are likable so we want ...
Heartfelt dramedy has strong story and characters .
Gosling is dead on as the womanizing Don Juan who says all the right things , and makes all the right moves , to get beautiful women to have sex with him .
There are so many things wrong with this film , I do n't know where to begin .
Constructed with such professionalism and inhabited by such warm characters that even its cliche moments are easily forgiven ...
Crazy , Stupid , Phony
In a romantic comedy genre that has driven many of us crazy with its tropes and predictability for years , Crazy , Stupid , Love . is a revelation for its unpredictability alone .
It 's got its hiccups but for thanks to its stellar cast , Crazy , Stupid , Love ends up being smart , sweet and enjoyable .
`` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' is a smart comedy about people , their foibles and the enduring strength of relationships .
Even in its messiest moments , however , it never loses its sweet-natured charm . There 's still plenty here to love .
With key players Emma Stone and Steve Carell you get a charming grown up comedy . A genuine film that was easily relatable which made it a fantastic surprise .
It 's a smart , sharp , funny and occasionally touching look at the titular human emotion that drives , maddens and satisfies most of us , often simultaneously . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
This is the sort of film that Oscar generally ignores come awards season . It should n't . Crazy Stupid Love is a crazy smart film .
A cheaply funny , bland , forgettable comedy that offers little insight into divorce or the end of relationships .
Nothing in Crazy , Stupid , Love . should work . If you 're going to blow a movie plot , blow it this way .
Like a cinematic version of Frankenstein 's monster , this ensemble romantic dramedy is stitched together out of pieces of other , far better movies , and brought to unnatural life by an overqualified cast .
Crazy , Stupid , Love is one of the more refreshingly original romantic comedies containing a beautiful script that is unpredictable , funny and dramatic . I love this film !
The directors show a great talent for jagged-edged farce .
During a summer when most of the other romantic comedies have n't been either , `` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' provides a fairly smart and sensible date-night choice .
It 's romantic , touching , a little risqué and screwball , yet reassuringly down-to-earth .
For a movie this full of warmth and potential , there 's a vibe-killing sameness and sitcom-like safety that it wraps itself in like a cozy , smothery blanket .
Remember what it was like to fall in love for the first time ? If you do n't , this winsome movie will remind you .
The film gets so many other things right that such missteps are somewhat forgivable by comparison and while they may keep you from totally falling in love with it , you would be both crazy and stupid to miss it .
If Crazy , Stupid , Love . is extra brave in the way it handles sex , it 's also extra brave in the way it handles love .
This is the grown-up romantic comedy we 've been waiting for .
The trouble with ` Crazy , Stupid , Love . ' -- which is a thoroughly engaging picture that will probably prove quite popular -- is that it 's about the wrong couple .
-LSB- A -RSB- pleasant surprise .
I laughed all the way through , thanks to both consistently clever dialogue and deft delivery from Carell and Gosling , who clearly relished a chance to flex his comic muscles .
Too much territory to cover and not enough material to make it happen .
The movie squanders its potential with a sloppy script chock full of false notes . Even the bumptious score intrudes , often bumping into important dialogue .
Adult dramas and comedies should at least have a toe in their audience 's lives .
There are plenty of laughs , but the film is also perceptive about the inconsistencies and foolishness that make us human .
Pity the crowds expecting another cute comedy like `` Date Night '' who wind up at `` Crazy , Stupid , Love . '' It 'll be like asking for a burger and getting served escargot .
A multi-threaded and well-organized comedy full of pleasant surprises and appealing characters .
If the film is almost too optimistic about its outlook on rough waters of love , it is so only because the characters , and not the movie itself , wear rose-tinted glasses .
Crazy , Stupid , Love has real substance to its story and characters that feel like genuine people . You do n't see that very often in today 's movies -- especially one as well-acted as this .
The characters do not feel like archetypes of the romantic comedy genre , but like people as authentic as you and I.
Throwing every style of comedy and romantic complication at the wall to see what sticks , the filmmakers find out too late that almost none of it does .
it 's a messy state of affairs but in this often hilarious miasma , the truth is gleaned at moments with a bewildering clarity .
Crazy , Stupid , Love supplies plenty of laughs but truly impresses in the low-key moments , revealing genuine warmth for its characters .
`` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' is a paint-by-numbers bromantic dramedy in which clothes make the man .
`` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' is , on balance , remarkably sane and reasonably smart .
Carell carries the comedy , while remaining grounded in the pain of the character , and so we care . It 's also astonishing what good clothes and a haircut can do for a guy . There 's a lesson in that for all of us .
`` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' has brightnesses , but they 're too spread out over a sea of dimness .
Fills its scenes with bright surprises while making an appealing new case for the old-fashioned notion of soul mates .
The result is a charming romantic comedy that not only restores one 's faith in the power of the genre , but may prove one of the summer 's best films .
Sorry , dudes . It seems we ca n't do anything right , but we 're still funny . Sometimes .
One of the year 's funniest pictures , cleverly structured , perfectly paced -LRB- for the most part -RRB- , and enlivened by a cast that 's pretty well unimprovable .
This grand romantic gesture about grand romantic gestures conjures up the bittersweet magic of first loves , lasting loves , lost loves and all the loves in between .
The magnetism between the movie 's two male stars , Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling , is what really makes the movie tick .
Sexy without being smutty and funny without grossing us out ... it 's ` adult ' in the best sense .
In a genre where outright imbecility generally prevails , a film investigating craziness and stupidity qualifies as a cut above .
What a pleasure to see an intelligent , grown-up comedy with substance , amongst so many cartoonish , action films that have littered theaters this summer .
Carell delivers another of his patented ` nice guy in loser package worth giving a chance to ' performances that he begat in `` 40 Year-Old Virgin '' ... but the film 's real secret weapon is Ryan Gosling 's loosey goosey comedic debut
... punctuated with some genuine observation , some honest insight into the way we all struggle towards what we think we want , and how we often lie to ourselves about what that is .
A boring and tame movie that fails to work either as comedy or as romantic drama .
Requa and Ficarra encourage grand statements and enormous reactions . They want pyrotechnic feeling , and their shamelessness works . It has no pretensions of depth , just more feeling .
A Midsummer Night 's PG-13 sex comedy .
`` Crazy Stupid Love '' is all over the place , but a good cast can take a movie a long way , and this one does .
A film that unabashedly believes in the craziness and the stupidity of what we call love . It 's also one of the most purely entertaining films of the year .
Every moment of mature insight in `` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' is answered by a scene of formulaic farce .
A sparkling and well-acted comedy about three generations of characters seeking the holy grail of love and pleasure .
`` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' connects its characters in unexpected ways . But line to line , the script lacks wit and sophistication .
Crazy Stupid Love veers schizophrenically between daring , jaw-dropping comedy and gooey sitcom clichés that weigh it down .
Love can be crazy and stupid , as the title of Crazy , Stupid , Love suggests . It can also be messy , disjointed and self-defeating contradictory , as the movie itself proves .
In the past , movies like this found identifiable individuals to champion and then let their problems play out with an organic ordinariness . Fast forward a few decades and you 've got another almost insufferable undertaking .
Mounts a tremendous effort to keep the audience guessing , undermining as much formula as it can . It 's a sharp movie , layered with impressive performances and a generous heart .
The episodic plot encompasses a series of familiar gags about casual sex and finding your soul mate , few of them delivered with much enthusiasm .
It 's a pleasure to come across the sharply funny and touching Crazy Stupid Love . It 's a live one with a dream cast that keeps springing playful surprises .
Unpredictable , richly detailed , terrifically acted , biting and funny as hell .
Steve Carell , Ryan Gosling , Emma Stone and Julianne Moore all shine in this multi-generational comedy full of romantic complications .
As the stud and the stooge , Gosling and Carell mesh perfectly while gradually changing places between hilarious and sad , wounded and proud .
In the end the only word in the title that 's accurate is `` stupid . ''
For most of the way , Crazy , Stupid , Love coasts more than agreeably on the talents of four hugely charismatic actors and a tart , knowing script that tweaks the rom-com formula just enough to seem fresh .
It 's a tonic for those beaten down by years of bad rom-coms . Love conquers all -- and so , I suspect , will this movie . Just try to resist it .
`` Crazy , Stupid , Love '' is a sweet romantic comedy about good-hearted people . Imagine that .
Takes familiar genre clichés and gently finesses them into something delightful and uproariously funny .
Any tears shed during its finale are not entirely without merit . Giving his best performance in five years , Steve Carell certainly earns them . The rest of `` Crazy , Stupid , Love . '' might make you rub your eyes , too . It 's just that irritating .
Cut the wise-beyond-his-years small fry and you 've got a decent adult comedy .
A boldly old-fashioned romantic comedy with the rare quality of being both romantic and comedic .
Hampered by contrivances and the awkward melding of romantic comedy and family drama , the film falters .
Crazy , Stupid , Love is the perfect combination of sexy , cute , wise , hilarious , and true .
Carell is his dependable wounded-puppy self , always likable , but Gosling and Stone are fantastic .
This is the sort of movie that shows us human emotions rather than tells us what they are supposed to look like .
Wow , did , I , dislike , this , movie .
The film ca n't help but register as utterly conventional in the worst sense of the term .
This movie changes directions unexpectedly in ways that lead to deeper feelings and big laughs . The story never goes where you expect , and that 's incredibly refreshing .
None of this is much fun to watch . The pace drags . The acting is without contrast or color .
Often inspired , occasionally insipid , altogether uneven .
-LSB- Gosling 's -RSB- swagger is good enough but not so great that I 'm jealous of his lines . That 's Mr. Notebook for you .
One of the most clever and enthusiastic romantic comedies of recent memory .
Carell and Gosling , each willing to take his character to the point of caricature in order to find the truth in him , have a nicely barbed chemistry together .
The workmanship and effort are evident in every straining moment , but the end result is so completely phony as to be without value .
Timely proof that movies can tackle mature themes without juvenile frills and still deliver the ageless thrill of falling head over heels for a Hollywood love story
... alternately liberating and mundane .
I love this movie . Crazy , smart , loving and laugh out loud funny , this romantic comedy is the best of its kind not just for this , but for many recent years .
It never gets crazy or stupid enough to make you truly fall in love with it .
A refreshingly-tasteful , romantic romp which manages to entertain and elicit lots of laughs without relying on a vulgar brand of humor .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- For the first time in a long time Hollywood offers up an energetic adult romantic comedy that 's equal parts substance and comic spice .
A genial , messy comedy of marital discord and mismatched lovers .
Warm and hilarious , a kaleidoscope of romantic misadventures with Gosling , of all people , as it freshest , funniest character .
The movie has an unexpectedly high proportion of delights to groaners , and it 's full of actors you 'll want to see ...
With a surprisingly mature screenplay by animation writer Dan Fogelman -LRB- Tangled , Cars -RRB- and top flight direction from Glenn Ficarra and John Requa Crazy , Stupid , Love cuts to the heart of the matters of the heart .
One of the best-acted comedies of the summer , the movie has a lot of charm , humor and insight in its first hour , before turning into old-fashioned middlebrow fare with morals and lessons and neat ending .
The movie 's biggest surprise is the revelation of Gosling as cunning comedian .
Old-fashioned as that might sound , there 's a fresh , insightful feel to this multigenerational love story .
The movie suffers perhaps from too many characters and subplots but all the actors appear to have fun with their characters .
A comedy-drama that pretends to be a honest look at relationships when it 's really just burdened with simplistic characters and sitcom set-ups .

@highlight

It never lives up to the first part of its title , but Crazy , Stupid , Love 's unabashed sweetness -- and its terrifically talented cast -- more than make up for its flaws .