If nothing else , it gives you a welcome injection of Manhattan , without the cost of the plane and the hotel or even the No. 5 bus .
LOLA VERSUS puts the fun in dysfunctional love and is what happens when you shake life up a little bit and let it fall out of your hands .
I did n't dislike this movie because I 'm a man . I generally disliked this movie because I felt the main character was a bit pathetic .
Lola Versus has plenty of potential , but with a script that has absolutely no handle on its lead character , the experience quickly becomes unbearably frustrating .
More enjoyable than it ought to be .
So awesome , universe ! The world has n't been full enough yet of movies about women who are almost totally obsessed almost exclusively with romance that we can not use one more of them . Hoorah !
There 's a distinct lack of individuality and insight and , appositely enough , if Lola Versus is about a woman floundering , as a film it can be accused of the same .
-LSB- An -RSB- hour and a half of wearisome quirk and smut ...
The producer , Michael London , has been associated with some rather good films , but this is not one of them .
It does n't always succeed but this sometimes affecting , sometimes darkly funny film is perfect sofa fodder for anyone nursing a broken heart .
Gerwig 's dreamy style worked in Whit Stillman 's Damsels in Distress , because the movie created an eco-system of oddity in which that style could thrive . But here it just grates .
Gerwig 's done enough good work to allow us to chalk this one up as a glossy blip .
Enjoyable relationship comedy that commendably avoids some of the usual clichés and succeeds thanks to Greta Gerwig 's natural charisma ...
Gerwig charms , but the laughs fall flat under the incessant naval-gazing .
Essentially , this is Gerwig 's natural charm versus her character and script 's lack of it .
Greta Gerwig makes something of a success out of this mixed bag of rom-com tropes and indie quirks .
-LSB- Gerwig 's -RSB- presence in the center almost makes `` Lola Versus '' watchable even as it starts to get formulaic , preachy and tiresome .
... at heart it 's just a trite and shallow Hollywood rom-com ...
`` Lola Versus '' is a heavyweight fight Gerwig just ca n't win .
A more or less conventional sitcom in ` indie ' disguise , the film functions most effectively as a low-wattage starring vehicle for the habitually charming Gerwig ...
Gerwig finally emerges bruised but resilient at the end . So it 's not a total loss .
It 's a testament to the charm of actress Greta Gerwig that she can save this sluggish script .
Gerwig is groovy , but Lola is lacking .
Versus what , precisely ? Or is it whom ?
It 's such a mopey , navel-gazing affair that even Gerwig has a hard time saving it .
An extremely smart , exquisitely funny film about finding yourself amid the clang and clutter of contemporary life .
... unsuccessfully walks the line between subdued authenticity and mainstream silliness from start to finish .
In case you do n't find TV 's ` Whitney ' annoying enough , meet Lola .
Every time I walk out of a movie with Greta Gerwig in it , such as Damsels in Distress , Greenberg , and especially Arthur , I think , `` You know what would have made that movie better ? More Greta Gerwig . ''
The thing is , Gerwig is delightful , but she 's in a constant wrestling match between her lively instincts and the dead instincts of the material , which insist on defining a woman by her relationships to men .
While Lola is adorable throughout , neither she nor the film will be remembered the morning after .
Lola Versus is all Greta all the time , a bonanza for fans and proof that Gerwig 's easy offbeat charm , obvious smarts and physical comedy gifts can carry a film .
There 's a Fitzgeraldian sense of generational malaise in all of this , but `` Lola Versus '' is convinced that it 's hilarious .
It 's a wonder Gerwig manages to keep the character endearing instead of grating , but she does .
Gerwig remains one of the most captivating new stars to hit the big screen , but she 's still looking for a movie that deserves her .
Plays like a studio-produced romantic comedy as made by people who genuinely care about and are invested in their flawed but kind-hearted protagonist .
Screenwriters Daryl Wein -LRB- who also directed -RRB- and Zoe Lister Jones give Gerwig very little to do other than to be Gerwig .
It 's funny , sweet , wise and even a little life-affirming .
Too self-conscious , too slight , too few insights .
The self-pitying Lola , alas , is only sporadically interesting ...
An unfinished portrait of an unfinished womanchild with fidgety poise nicely embodied by Gerwig .
A well-intentioned indie that tries to be a `` real '' version of a Hollywood romantic comedy and ends up feeling more ersatz than ever .
Surprisingly loathsome .
Will there ever be a movie about heartbroken women where they do n't find consolation in food ?
`` Lola Versus '' takes the Lego-piece building blocks of a New York City relationship comedy and turns it into something more asymmetrical and ironic and interesting .
It feels like the movie does n't know what to do with Lola . She 's an outsized , original character but the indie movie she 's in is , aside from a few hipster trappings , as neat and tidy as a Hollywood romantic comedy .
Almost succeeds in embracing life 's messiness even when the film possesses no more perspective and wisdom than its spiraling main character .
Unfortunately , Lola lives in a sitcom that deprives her of any intrinsic interest .
A conventionally unconventional romance in the modern mode , a comedy alternating between cute and crude and packing a heaping helping of self-affirmation into its 84 minutes .
Gerwig stands tall over this rather forgettable piffle .
Lola Versus feels more like a slog through the breakup doldrums than the frothy , intimate growing-up story it hints at throughout .
Hipster romantic dramedy has some sex , drinking , language .
Wein , Lister-Jones , Gerwig et al deserve some credit for turning the romantic comedy on its head with a love story that begins when the relationship ends .
It 's a sweet little diddle of a movie that does n't make the mistake of tying everything up in a big bright bow .
It 's impossible not to watch Lola Versus without thinking of HBO 's Girls , which is this movie 's wittier , more insightful cousin .
The script treads familiar territory without providing much insight into contemporary relationships .
This is not someone I want to spend almost an hour-and-a-half with in a theater .
You mostly want to say to this young woman , `` It 's amazing what they can do these days with anti-depressants . ''
-LSB- It -RSB- transcends being just another chick flick and becomes an exploration of a subject that should ring true for just about every female viewer : the relentless narcissism of the friend who makes everything about her .
A cinematic oxymoron , it 's an utterly standard unconventional comedy .
In spite of its scruffy look and slack pacing , it often rings as false as any of the big , shiny and soft studio rom-coms -LRB- starring Kate Hudson or Katherine Heigl , say -RRB- of the last decade .
Gerwig is ... distinctive and interesting an actress to watch , especially when the story includes a lot of raw truth-telling .
... plays like a Lena Dunham wannabe crossed with a cutesy commercial chick flick and the usually spot-on Gerwig wears out her welcome .
A movie that aspires to be deep but never gets out of the shallows even with a wonderful actress in the lead ...
Do n't be fooled by the indie trappings : despite its downtown vibe , `` Lola Versus '' is as clichéd as any Hollywood rom-com .
An exploration of the challenges of letting go of a long and intimate romantic relationship .
A Greta Gerwig vehicle that feels like a pilot awaiting pick-up from a network that does n't exist .
A romcom in the Woody Allen style whose laughs are dependent -LRB- too much so -RRB- on the lovable personality of its title character .
This is the kind of cutely alienated indie relationship comedy that Lena Dunham 's HBO series Girls has made irrelevant .
`` Lola Versus '' deals with relationships in standard-issue Sundance style , ostensibly smarter and more genuine than what flows from the Hollywood rom-com pipeline yet really just as shallow at heart .
... even when the film dips and slips into cliché territory you 're glad to have Gerwig as your guide on the all-too familiar journey .
There 's a lot about Lola Versus that feels familiar , but the propulsion that escalates the film out of the low orbit of angst-riddled 20-something indie `` comedies '' is Greta Gerwig .
Derivative , white-bread rom-com about a dumped girl seeking happiness in NYC .
Gerwig is plenty charming , considering the rote stuff she has to work with .
Narratively , it 's not a huge shock where the film ultimately goes , but there are a number of fun surprises along the way .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Lola Versus '' is an ill-conceived romantic comedy that flirts too closely with the widely reviled and obsolete Mumblecore genre .
`` Lola Versus '' is directed by Daryl Wein and co-written by his partner Zoe Lister-Jones , but the its real auteur is Greta Gerwig . The actress plays the title character as if her career depended on it -- which it does n't , but the movie does .
A year in the life of a young woman unhappy in love and uncertain in career , Lola Versus could easily be faulted for the narrowness of its worldview .
Lola Versus never comes close to generating the sort of laughs or attitude required to fill out such a frail narrative .
Although the performances are fun and individual moments are memorable , Wein ends up sticking too close the playbook to approach the greatness of his previous film .
Its solitude-is-okay message is hardly novel , but Wein 's comfortable way of reaching that point will resonate with viewers still trying to achieve that particular brand of enlightenment .
It 's one girl against the world in Lola Versus , a snappy yet sincere romantic comedy that begins where others end , with the proposal and wedding plans pointing toward happily ever after .


@highlight

It 's fun to see Greta Gerwig mature her acting career but Lola Versus -- with its unpleasant characters and completely familiar script -- does not succeed as her first major leading role .