... all the good done by the movie is destroyed by its incredibly generic and disappointing ending . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Even after having seen the movie , I still feel like I know nothing about the world being presented here
Overall , The Maze Runner is a solid piece of science fiction that features an interesting story and some compelling visuals .
The climax might seem underwhelming for some but the build-up is a sure-shot winner . Deserves a sequel ...
This film , based on a best-selling young-adult novel , works so well because the story comes without the traits that viewers have come to associate with young-adult fiction .
The Maze Runner is a well told story in its own right , but many of the parts will be familiar . That said , this cross between the Lord of the Flies and The Hunger Games leaves you wanting more .
The Maze Runner is n't the birth or death of YA but rather , its extension . You travel through so many twists and tunnels only to end up exactly where you began .
What will lift this series , from the mire of other Young Adult adaptations , will be less of a focus on style in favor of the substance underneath that surpasses matching jumpsuits and fancy team nicknames .
The Maze Runner is better and more tightly constructed than a simple cash-in . It 's a well-paced adventure-thriller with an intoxicating sense of mystery and the chutzpah to take huge leaps with its fictional world .
The adaptation of the book was an evident continuation for its success and in the film , we see , once again , a quick production : pretty by the promotional envelope and completely failed in the attempt of content . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As ` yoof ' films go ... it 's an entertaining watch and does n't take too much investment .
-LSB- `` The Maze Runner '' -RSB- never delivers on its early potential , quickly falling down a chute of one-note characters and painfully sparse storytelling .
The real fun comes in navigating the puzzle , with solving it more the icing on top of a promising , multi-layered franchise cake .
... neither as good as The Hunger Games nor as dull as the Divergent series , The Maze Runner has the same secret weapon utilized by MTV 's Teen Wolf show : Dylan O'Brien .
Wes Ball does a good job of establishing his world and making the maze an imposing place to spend time .
A charismatic lead helps tamp down the more generic elements of the story of a young man forced to scour a seemingly-endless maze to find a way out for everyone trapped against their will .
You get less than a full explanation at the end about what it all was about . Never mind , we already know that a sequel is on the way .
A well-executed thriller and is certainly the best YA adaptation since the last ` Hunger Games ' film .
... may ultimately be a better film when examined in the context of its potential successors , but taken on its own , it 's a puzzling tease .
It 's briskly-paced , well acted and action packed . And as this is mostly a boys-only affair , we do n't get bogged down by a tiresome romance .
Shows an impressive turn of speed in places but runs out of puff before the finishing line .
One of the best of the current spate of Young Adult novel-inspired dystopian teen dramas ...
The Maze Runner generally has ambitious production values , is well edited and boasts a thumping score . Think of it as Lord Of the Flies meets Alien .
It does provide flawed-but-fun entertainment for a young male audience , a la some kind of Dude-vergent .
Generally redeemed by feature first-timer Wes Ball 's forthright action sequences .
Whither post-apocalyptic young adult sci-fi ? With two movies to go , Hunger Games already feels overly familiar .
A sub-par YA adaptation that gets too bogged down in its own mechanics to adequately establish compelling characters or drama .
Trying desperately to focus on the themes of free will , responsibility and death -LRB- several major characters have a gruesome fate -RRB- , all I could think about was cheap vodka .
The dynamics of the group and the mystery of what is really going on are enough to sustain the momentum of The Maze Runner .
The latest in a long line of teen fantasies , The Maze Runner is a cagey dystopian thriller that tries to make a virtue of its limitations but becomes samey and tedious after a while .
In the annals of dystopian young-adult franchises , The Maze Runner is less than totes amazeballs .
There 's nothing particularly original or insightful to set this teen-dystopia thriller apart from the crowd , but strong characters will build some anticipation for the next instalment in the franchise .
The Hunger Games meets Lord of the Flies in this fast-paced and enjoyably moody teen thriller adapted from the bestselling novel by James Dashner .
It 's Lord Of The Flies meets Lost , but in a good way .
Yet more celibate chiselled hotties in some ritualised game-playing future world , who discover that they are in some super-special way different , or divergent , or exceptional .
It 's a well-made adventure with great energy and considerable style , but it 's essentially a maze without an exit .
Utter garbage . The kids will love it .
It may not quite a-Maze you , but for its fanbase , it will no doubt be a Runner-way hit .
-LSB- I have n't -RSB- read any of the books but was gripped from the get-go ...
Bland and generic beyond the small pleasures of its theme-park-ride-esque thrills and its half-intriguing , half-infuriating mystery .
There remains a lot of potential in here for future productions , particularly given the credentials of the cast on board .
Teenagers are getting it in the neck again , in the latest dystopian Young Adult literary sensation to get the Hollywood treatment .
Amassing tension ahead of a solid pay-off , it 'll leave you hungry for the next installment .
The Maze Runner moves at a reasonably enjoyable pace , taking us from CGI-heavy set-piece to set-piece and only occasionally stumbling .
Dystopia is no cakewalk , but apparently it 's going to be especially hard on teenagers .
It 's all familiar territory , but it 's realized with flair .
A solid B-movie version of the big YA franchises , less pretentious and glossy .
A movie so utterly joyless that it makes all recent fantasies about young adults trapped in shattered worlds look like excursions through Mr. Roger 's Neighborhood .
They 're good-looking young people in a futuristic dystopia . They could change their future if only they could remember something . They live primitive lives and must vie against a largely unseen foe .
An improvement over run-of-the-mill movies of its type . The screenplay is generally intelligent , characters are surprisingly well-defined , and the acting is above average .
-LSB- The ending is -RSB- an overly complicated and confusing turn of events that raises more questions than it answers-frustrating in a flick that 's nearly all mystery .
The Maze Runner is a slickly plot-driven flick that delivers the basic sense of adventure that is sometimes missing from its relentlessly brooding cinematic progenitor .
The film is fine as long as the maze remains a mystery . When those nutty explanations arrive at the end , it all falls apart .
The Maze Runner is a terrific mystery adventure that employs that wonderful , age-old technique of putting you at one with the characters .
There 's a version of this story that has some keen insights on the formation of traditions and taboos ... but The Maze Runner does not come within leagues of being that version .
I think I have a touch of apocalepsy -- excessive sleepiness caused by prolonged exposure to three - and four-part series in which adolescents rebel against oppressive governments represented by esteemed actors .
There is an underlying clash of philosophies that is as compelling in its all but subliminal presentation as the dashes through the maze , and the revelations , which come thick and fast
The Maze Runner might seem at first to have echoes of Lord Of The Flies , with its community of boys forced to survive in the wild . But it seems to have ingredients of a World War II POW movie , of The Great Escape or Stalag 13 .
The increasing sameness of these films -LRB- an evil future society , a young hero/heroine who must both confront the authorities and escape from them -RRB- is becoming pretty familiar .
While Ball 's direction is confident and some of the performances are strong , the movie itself is laden with exposition and terminology and does n't really pick up steam until halfway through the movie .
It 's not that The Maze Runner represents anything like `` the death of cinema , '' but it crosses the Rubicon into utter exhaustion . All the more depressing that the film itself is mostly very good .
The special effects and the mystery of their surroundings are sufficient for sustaining interest .
It never captured my fancy or had much depth .
I smell popcorn . I smell franchise .
The Maze Runner leans heavily on its premise , to the detriment of individual characters , but still succeeds as one of Hollywood 's better young adult adaptations .
Is the true enemy this all-testosterone Lord of the Flies clan ? Nah , faulting your fellow kids is so 1950s . For the millennials , adults got ta be to blame
The bad news is that this is not the next Hunger Games . The good news is that it 's no Divergent either .
Having not read the book , I was hoping for a more satisfying payoff than the one I got . Then again , maybe the filmmakers are saving the answers for the sequel .
The Maze Runner 's story only really works if viewers live in the moment and react to the characters ' immediate and intense fears and trials , rather than analyzing the situation that produced them .
In the wasteland of the near-future , anyone can rise to greatness . Every kid with a BA in History is a budding regional warlord , every barista a potential Master or Blaster .
One could wish the picture were less thematically anemic ... but there 's something to be said for the nifty concept and pure adrenaline , when it kicks in .
For its first five minutes , The Maze Runner succeeds in drawing you into its strange world . Sadly , it never gets better than that kinetic opening , and it quickly becomes a bore to look at and a chore to sit through .
Dystopian tale offers high-stakes action , mystery for teens .
Another shaky-cam dystopian fable based on some godforsaken YA novel ? No , thank you .
Dark , dangerous and uncommonly thrilling , The Maze Runner is that rarest and most satisfying of series starters - one that keeps you on the edge of your seat and leaves you eagerly awaiting the next installment .
I 'm on board with finding out what happens next . Can there be a bigger compliment ?
The Maze Runner is clever , absorbing and good for both teens and parents -- until that silly reveal .
There are only three maze sequences in the movie ... Were there more maze runs in the book ? Worse , the latter maze runs are largely green screen affairs .
Comes from a teen-focused post apocalyptic book . They call it speculative fiction . I call it much less than a MAZE ing .
The Maze Runner is a superior entry in Hollywood 's onslaught of adolescents versus future dystopia films . It 's interesting , well acted , well directed , and delivers a highly original outcome .
The young cast as a whole is an engaging group who elevate a simple story into something that stands out from the pack of YA adaptations .
The Maze Runner is a surprisingly solid movie , and its fans should generate enough interest to keep the series running .
The movie whets the viewer 's appetite , and then offers up nothing but loose ends and strained credulity .
Frantic yet utterly familiar sci-fi fantasy , filled with twists and turns .
Have we reached dystopia overload yet ?
There 's no denying the film has a unique concept that works quite well for it . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The premise seems both smart and intriguing , but the film directed by Wes Ball bears many of the cruder markings of YA fiction .
It 's bleak business , and as it hurries toward its explosive , expository conclusion , the film becomes nonsensical , too .
Ball 's film might be derivative , but it 's also intense and entertaining enough to leave audiences hungry for the inevitable sequel so clearly set up by its cliffhanger ending .
It presumes nothing and works hard to make us respect it , a sign of good filmmaking first and franchise building second .
A handsomely-made film is ultimately undone by its own too-silly sci-fi storyline and script leaping off the screen and running madly off in all directions .
With some good acting performances , some very horror-movie sensibilities , a good mystery and a solid dystopian aesthetic , The Maze Runner trilogy is off to a great start .
The maze itself is dangerous and mysterious , but still alluring and a draw , and a big part of this is how Ball films it .
Anyone looking for an escapist ride through a post-apocalyptic landscape might have fun mapping this latest experiment in mass marketing and source - material-to-potential-audience ratios .
The inevitable sequel may sort out some of this mess . In the meantime , filmmakers beware : When your story is called The Maze Runner , it 's got to be pretty hard not to write yourself into a corner .
The film relies too much on the power of its mystery to keep us entertained . But the deeper we go with the Maze Runner , the less interesting his story becomes .
Constructed as a mystery , its various layers gradually unpeeling with each new discovery , the film eschews a lot of early exposition in exchange for a deliberate build-up . This first installment is certainly promising enough to warrant a continuation .
This is a film that thrives on its mystery . It 's a pretty good one , too ...
Packed with thrills , daring surprises and compelling performances , this is no mere ` Hunger Games ' imitator . ` The Maze Runner ' sprints to the finish line at the forefront of the YA franchises ready to take the baton from Katniss and company .
If you are looking for the next HUNGER GAMES , this is n't near to that level , but you could do worse .
It may not be the next `` Hunger Games '' but this new adaptation of a young adult novel offers enough to keep viewers enthralled .
A worthy addition to the genre , an absorbing drama with surprising turns and even more surprising resonance to contemporary conflicts .
It feels like a teen rip-off of Lost , and that 's no bad thing for a while .
Makes room for a crummy ending that 's not content to give ticket buyers their money 's worth , but demand they immediately save up for sequel .
Despite the film 's title , not enough time is spent in the maze itself , and its mysteries , as well as who created it and forced these boys to try to survive within it , are barely touched on until the end .
as entertaining as it is intriguing
Teens should eat up this fantasy 's scenery-chewing angst and doom , and the hopeful tale of survival and empowerment -LRB- to be continued in the inevitable sequel or sequels -RRB- .
A well-acted and intelligent thriller/futuristic sci-fi romp .
The maze is intriguing , the creatures are terrifying and the action scenes are of the `` stuff whipping around and moving so fast it 's hard to tell what 's going on '' variety . But , when the maze 's mysteries are unlocked ... it feels like a cheat .
Despite a strong opening and riveting first 45 minutes , The Maze Runner devolves into one of the weakest post-apocalyptic Young Adult movies to reach theaters in recent years .
Much of The Maze Runner feels not like a post-apocalyptic action fantasy but an out-and-out horror film .
Director Wes Ball and his outstanding young cast work unusually hard to counter the derivative feel .
It 's burdened with banal dialogue and a laughably dumb endgame that squeezes the life out of its superior parts .
Gets the vision and the grit of the source material but finally feels more like a long trailer than an involving movie .
By keeping its cards so close , `` The Maze Runner '' remains compelling .
Ball has created balance between a thin but solid script and first-rate action -- and he does n't waste a frame doing it .
Ball is deft , though , at evoking claustrophobia of every kind , whether in the open-air prison of the Glade or the actual tight spaces of the Maze . And he elicits a hair-trigger performance from O'Brien .
`` The Maze Runner , '' as a film , is free of texture , nuance , or dimensionality . And those wishing for the kind of visceral excitement and subtle socio-political commentary of `` The Hunger Games '' will be found desperately wanting .
Everything looks great , from the cast to the setting to the beasties , and the pacing gives the characters room to live and breathe .
It essentially just leads us into another maze but it feels like running into a brick wall . That 's entertainment ?
`` The Maze Runner '' is n't based on a video game , but you could be forgiven for thinking otherwise .
It does leave you wanting to see the next installment . And that 's one special effect that very few YA movies ever pull off .
A mostly entertaining adventure that plays like `` Lord of the Flies '' meets `` Cube '' meets an intelligent design lecture .
Sure , `` The Maze Runner '' unravels a few mysteries , but it spins even more . Thomas , as it happens , is n't the only one dying of curiosity here . As the closing credits roll , you likely will be , too .
Its entire running time is devoted to setup for a payoff that never arrives .
Though it sometimes feels calculated and mechanical , it 's also solid , well crafted and entertaining .
There 's a DIY feel to The Maze Runner that 's mildly refreshing ; you can imagine kids trying this at home .
Is there room at the multiplex for yet another entry in the young adult/dystopia/survival genre ? Those who hunger for more could do worse than `` The Maze Runner , '' based on the first book in James Dashner 's trilogy .
Wes Ball 's film version of the popular young-adult novel by James Dashner never makes much sense . Perhaps it would make more if you have read the book , but until they start handing out free copies before the movie starts , that can not be a requirement .
Like Jean-Paul Sartre 's No Exit-tentialism , but more crowded and with the musk of bottled-up testosterone .
The writers seem to have been reared in the `` Lost '' school of storytelling , happy to pile on three more questions for every answer .
A sci-fi thriller set in a vaguely post-apocalyptic future must create a fully drawn universe to thoroughly captivate the viewer . But Maze Runner feels only partially formed .
Though hardly a champion-quality entrant in this crowded YA field , it crosses the finish line winded but game .
Given that a grandiose premise underpins the entire story , it 's unfortunate just how bloodless this entire film -LRB- read : setup for parts two and three -RRB- actually is .
What 's intriguing about `` The Maze Runner '' - for a long time , at least-is the way it tells us a story we think we 've heard countless times before but with a refreshingly different tone and degree of detail .
The overall production design - including the opening titles - looks a lot more like TV than a feature film .
There 's a pleasantly low-fi , bare-bones kind of storytelling here , at least before the movie 's mysteries are boringly explained - another apocalypse to parse .
A curious blend of our newly acquired taste for dystopia alongside a healthy sprinkling of Lord of the Flies , the film offers familiar pleasures without prompting the sense of having already been here before .
I was quite riveted .
Like too many big-screen treatments of best-selling dystopian novels , you half-watch it while thinking about when fall TV comes back and what to eat for dinner .
The Maze Runner bucks the conventions of its genre by functioning as a pure cliffhanger machine , fueled by mystery instead of melodrama .
Rare is the movie based on a best-seller that is vastly superior to the book that inspired it . `` The Maze Runner '' is just such a rarity .
It 's the best of the Hunger Games wannabes we 've seen so far .
The Maze Runner is n't flashy but Ball makes the Glade a believably intimidating place , part Lord of the Flies with a touch of The Hunger Games .
This month 's `` young adults save the future '' sci-fi franchise ... yawn .
The acting is solid , but inevtiably `` The Maze Runner '' does n't feel that satisying to complete .
It 's ending may feel underwhelming , but the fun of a maze is never in it 's completion , right ?
I could n't help getting hooked by the combination of fine acting , intriguing premise and riveting scenery -- even if the story , at times , was a bit too easy .
The Maze Runner does n't eff around ... Finally , a YA adaptation that even Michael Haneke or Gaspar Noé might enjoy .
I just wish it did n't feel like it had been made with a checklist open next to it , each box ticked , because storytelling should always trump franchise management , no matter how nimble .
The Maze Runner establishes its intriguing premise within a matter of minutes and it held my attention for its full two hour running time .
It does n't quite have the bite or originality of The Hunger Games , but there are parallels in this first of a new sci-fi action fantasy franchise about survival in a controlled environment
The sophistication of The Hunger Games and its sequels is setting a benchmark that none of the series ' rivals has yet managed to match . This one does n't change anything .
Merges LORD OF THE FLIES and THE HUNGER GAMES in a way that feels fresh , fun and surprisingly dangerous .
The dark , concrete corridors of the maze provide the venue for one exciting action sequence , but beyond these superficial thrills , there 's little emotional weight to the film .
A dystopian sci-fi thriller whose fast pace and appealing cast just about make up for a lack of really engaging drama .
As world-creation YA pictures go , `` The Maze Runner '' feels refreshingly low-tech and properly story-driven , based on James Dashner 's popular 2009 fantasy novel .
Consistently engaging , although never outright challenging .
It 's an intriguing premise , at first anyway , but the more we learn about Thomas and Teresa 's shared nightmarish memories , and the closer the movie gets to its requisite `` to be continued '' climax , the less interesting it all seems .
Another young adult sci-fi tale of survival is played out to sparsely thrilling and all too familiar results , proving the popular genre has run its course .

@highlight

With strong acting , a solid premise , and a refreshingly dark approach to its dystopian setting , The Maze Runner stands out from the crowded field of YA sci-fi adventures .