Well worth the wait , Rocket Science is a winning coming of age comedy with a difference .
It 's intelligent , it does n't go for the emotional jugular , it has an honesty about it that 's refreshing .
Here 's a twist -- an American high-school movie that has a brain .
Each character has his or her own lovable peculiarity -- from the friend 's parents who play Violent Femmes duets on the cello to the speech therapist who gives too many details about his personal life -- small details that do n't threaten to overshadow Hal 's s
This indie-minded effort suggests a filmmaker too enamored by his influences and struggling to establish a cogent vision of his own .
Please , enough with Napoleon Dynamite Syndrome already .
Writer-director Jeffrey Blitz brings wit and pathos to the story of a compulsive stutterer .
Rocket Science is a story smothered by its own eccentricities .
Rocket Science brings the squirm-inducing comedy genre to new heights
... eventually comes off as an engaging and surprisingly affecting little drama ...
Debate-team teen comedy is clever , unpredictable .
A witty , touching and offbeat spin on the coming-of-age genre that also offers an amusing look into the surprisingly cut-throat world of high school debating .
Enjoyably offbeat comedy drama with likeable characters and a terrific script , though its relentlessly unconventional nature is ultimately frustrating .
Lovely performances all round create small-town competitiveness , frustrations and aspirations .
Blitz let the story tell itself in Spellbound ; this time , he 's trying too hard .
Needlessly cruel comedy .
It is n't funny ; it is n't touching ; there 's a screamingly annoying and supercilious voiceover-narration , and all its dramatic ideas are bafflingly unfinished and unresolved .
There are few directors in recent years who 've captured the goofy yearning of adolescence as tenderly as Blitz .
Compared to the likes of Election and Rushmore , Blitz 's film is hardly top-of-the-class , but nonetheless in Hal Hefner - partly thanks to Thompson 's fine work - he has crafted an enduring cult figure who deserves a sequel all of his own .
Backed by a fine cast -LRB- including sardonic narrator Alec Baldwin -RRB- , there 's no argument : Blitz is a confident new voice .
There 's a lovely , fragile movie here ; if only Blitz had had the faith to let it stand on its own two feet .
It 's a small , gently understated film and a poignant tale of a young lad trying find his true voice . Word up .
Spellbound director Jeffrey Blitz fails to recapture the magic of his spelling bee doc with his latest effort - despite the best efforts of the talented unknowns that make up the cast .
quirky drama is populated with angst ridden high school students
The film is n't really laugh-out-loud hilarious - much too painful for that - but it 's not supposed to be .
Blitz continues to make a case for himself as a filmmaker with rich , realistic stories to tell .
The most complicated and original teenage characters we 've seen in a movie in a very long time .
The quality and impact of this charming film are not debatable .
What begins as a straightforward tale of adversity overcome , however , takes some unexpected detours en route to its defiantly non-formulaic ending .
The merits of Rocket Science are endlessly debatable , and this is nothing to sneeze at .
It offers plenty of smart laughs and genuine character development .
Quietly written and convincingly played , this coming-of-age story mines its rueful laughs from a thick vein of performance anxiety , in both senses of the term .
Blitz cleverly constructs another tale around a competition and again takes us beneath the surface of those vying for the prize .
... a slight coming of age tale with some natural moments , yes , but also with obvious humor -LRB- when there is any -RRB- , racist undertones , and an underwhelming lead . Rocket Science never made me crack a smile .
Borrowing from too many movies to count , Rocket Science botches that brew in an unwieldy slew of adolescent-angst clichés .
Rocket Science flies beyond the standard teen preoccupations , moving into territory that combines humor and eccentricity with fragile hope and ambition , making for a film that embraces every awkward angle of adolescence .
Rocket Science is not a revelation on the lines of Thompson 's Spellbound , one of the great convergences of luck and the ability to make the most of it . But it does suggest that Blitz and Thompson have futures worth investing in .
Blitz 's dialogue is often clever , and the young cast members impress , particularly relative newcomers Thompson and Kendrick .
Buoyed by a script rife with poetry , a handful of dynamic performances and Eef Barzelay 's near-perfect score , Rocket Science mildly shames the potty-mouthed Superbad . And I liked Superbad .
Fresh , funny and unfailingly observant .
Writer/director Blitz demonstrates just how intimately he absorbed the quirky teens and preteens of his prior film .
A frightening memorandum from a dismal and mysterious dungeon : high school .
The kind of character that Hal develops into in the face of adversity lasts forever . High school only lasts four years .
All of the acting is first-rate , but Thompson is fantastic . He makes Hal both sympathetic and hilarious , never giving in to self-pity but , in a refreshing take , not above the occasional scream -LRB- or cheer -RRB- .
Darker than Little Miss Sunshine , tougher than Napoleon Dynamite , Rocket Science asserts a claim to cult-movie status that 's hard to argue with .
As fate would have it , Rocket Science might prove to be the handiwork of a burgeoning cinematic genius .
Blitz gradually drops the glib pose and deepens the emotions in the film -- until , by the end , you find yourself unexpectedly close to tears .
One of the pleasures of Blitz 's film is that it immerses us in the fraught , competitive pressures of the high-school debate world-like Spellbound , it gets the details right .
It is not always a deal-killer to step outside the trappings of realism , but the bland visuals do n't match the precious absurdity and profound rapid-fire dialogue of the high school kids , so the film rings false and tries too hard .
Learning that in such a world everyone , even debate champions , is equal can be as therapeutic as finally ordering a slice of pizza .
Thompson is an engaging young actor who keeps things grounded when Blitz gets a little too precious with his ironic premise and self-consciously offbeat characters .
Rocket Science is smart , funny , and genuine . It avoids a pat Hollywood ending for something richer and more satisfying .
Blitz has written a clever and charming script that will seem familiar to misfits and hotshots alike .
Deftly repurposes stuff you 're already familiar with .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Blitz has succumbed to that most pernicious of Sundance afflictions : pandemic quirkiness .
A dry , vicious and deeply moving little comedy that sort of takes the structure of a teen sports movie , then undermines that structure at every turn .
Rocket Science is wise and funny and often surprising , a nice touch in moviedom , where predictable is considered a good thing .
A smart , funny , unpredictable film ... a more accurate reflection of high-school life than is usually portrayed .
Honest and surprisingly lucid at its core .
It may gross as little as Welcome to the Dollhouse or as much as Clueless , but whichever it does , it 's in the same league .
Comes tantalizingly close to the genius of Hal Ashby 's unforced , sympathetic humanism ...
Like its characters -- and unlike those in most pictures set in high school -- this movie is smart .
A strong contender to become a student classic .
Jeffrey Blitz 's Rocket Science does n't quite work but is worth seeing anyway .
Rocket Science not only feels our collective pain , it makes us laugh wickedly at the memories .
... a quirky coming-of-age story -LRB- is there any other kind these days ? -RRB- full of wry Wes Anderson-style humor and maladjusted misfits .
Destined to be severely overrated .
I thought it was cloying , self-congratulatory and irritating .
This well directed film shows an uncompromising yet faithful look at the horrible teen years .
It 's fun to watch an outsider try to succeed in a world full of outsiders , and for that reason alone , Rocket Science is worth the price of admission .
There should be no debate that this little gem deserves to be as big a hit as it was at Sundance .
Self-consciously quirky on the outside , this gentle teenage fable has an affecting , openhearted core .
Teenage angst and adolescent agony are the stuff of sharp , observant comedy this quirky , wonderfully dry first fiction feature from documentary filmmaker Jeffrey Blitz .
Rocket Science has the makings of either a tragedy or a crowd-pleasing underdog story , but writer-director Jeffrey Blitz instead takes the movie on a different , and ultimately more rewarding , direction .
Smart , witty and blessedly unpredictable .
A special little picture that resonates long after it 's over .
The thing the film lacks -- besides originality -- is a character arc that keeps the audience interested .
A quirky comedy-drama that gets the bulk of its humor from the well-placed non sequitur . It never seems to be going where you think it is , and that includes its oddly endearing dialogue .
One of the year 's most endearing coming-of-age stories .
It 's a high-concept idea that Blitz executes without the usual payoffs .
Tender but hardheaded .
I was fascinated by both the story being told and with the characters inhabiting it , the movie so universal and emotionally complex I was almost overwhelmed by its colorfully dexterous power .
you could pin it as yet another in a long line of Wes Anderson/Todd Solondz rip-offs , and in some ways , it sorta is .
With the grace of a young Edward Norton , Thompson is a real find .
Thompson and Kendricks and the debate scenes make this one of the best coming-of-age stories in many months .
Overall the movie coasts on quirkiness .
This summer 's designated Sundance crowd-pleaser , Rocket Science , is a quirkily disarming high-school comedy that calculatingly follows in the footsteps of Napoleon Dynamite , Election and Rushmore .
Why filter such a personal story through the attitudinal tics of Wes Anderson and Napoleon Dynamite , especially if you 're going to do it with about one-third the skill ?
Blitz 's one-man revenge of the nerds continues with this narrative-feature debut , a smartypants comedy about a kid with a lot going on inside and a sadly undependable mouthpiece with which to let it out .
-LSB- I -RSB- the company of such instant classics as Wes Anderson 's Rushmore and Terry Zwigoff 's Ghost World .
Blitz gets too much mileage out of a pair of kooky -LRB- or kookily -RRB- Korean neighbors , but even that 's mitigated by his unapologetic affection for the movie 's cast of misfits , all of whom are somehow beautiful in their irredeemable f -- ed-upness .
Never stoops to the tawdriness of the merely conventional or the expected . It is droll , wicked , and scathingly original .
What makes the first fiction feature from documentarian Blitz persuasive is its late-film detour from the inspirational niche-sports genre to something altogether unexpected -- and the winning lead performance of Reece Daniel Thompson .
Quirky , quirky , quirky goes Rocket Science . Round , round , round roll my eyes .
The problem with Rocket Science is that the character at the center of the drama is n't very energetic or , truth be told , interesting . This makes it difficult at times to remain engaged in the unfolding tale .
Adolescent angst in a movie that 's about as quirky and unpredictable as a film-maker can get .
A fiercely personal and yet engaging -- and often outright hysterical -- look into a young man on the brink of adulthood .
This may be the most realistic high school underdog comedy since Welcome to the Dollhouse , if you consider that a comedy .
Enough about Rocket Science is genuinely endearing that it comes out okay in the end .
Positively winning coming-of-age drama/comedy stacks the deck with newcomer Reece Daniel Thompson as Hal Hefner , a stuttering New Jersey High School student .
Blitz captures the melancholy , the rage , the wackiness and drama of adolescence , and he gets winning performances out of his young stars .
Mixing humor with a compassionate regard for his characters and their idiosyncrasies , Blitz creates a film replete with insights that emerge from the agonies and disappointments of youth .
This is bleak , graveyard humor , bordering on nihilism , but Rocket Science manages to put it across and still retain its essential sweetness .
Launches into the audience-pleasing stratosphere with a brainy , unpredictable story orbit .
If Napoleon Dynamite and Rocky had a kid and placed it in New Jersey , it would be the delightful and fresh Rocket Science .
For all its quirky characterizations , semi-clever dialogue and convention-defying plot contortions , Rocket Science is a fairly schizophrenic affair .
This unusually voluble comedy is as eloquent about love , self-realization and adolescent angst as its protagonist is endearingly tongue-tied .






@highlight

Though Rocket Science appears to be a typically quirky indie , the well-rounded performances and director Jeffrey Blitz 's clear affection for his characters gives the film its proper human spark .