Writer/director Ed Burns adds a droopy fourth chapter to his Irish-American working class films ...
Secure in its indie identity and wholly entertaining , The Groomsmen deserves hordes of filmgoers seeking quality alternatives to the bigger summer pictures .
A standard big-weekend-where - friends-gather-and - everyone-has - a-secret movie .
This is the movie I believe Burns has been trying to make since The Brothers McMullen , 11 years ago .
Traffics in such familiar territory as sibling rivalries , generational estrangements and broken dreams . But it slowly , sometimes too slowly , connects with the viewer .
It appears that as a filmmaker Burns is having as much difficulty maturing as his characters do .
Its realistic portrayal of an almost extinct small-town dynamic between friends and family is not to be missed .
The Groomsmen may be low-cal Cassavetes or Secrets and Lies for mooks , but Burns knows his turf . The marvel is that after seven films he 's still finding fresh grass .
Ed Burns repeats himself in his familiar territory about people who are young and stupid .
The Groomsmen , while as corny as a Staten Island marriage proposal , rings true on many levels .
In a film of minor ambition , -LSB- the characters are -RSB- all worthy company .
What this is , is a typical film about nothing , which is what Burns likes to do best .
With the exception of the reliably wooden Burns , the ensemble is terrific .
Burns , without pretense or sappiness , wears a heart the size of Manhattan on his sleeve , and handles the movie 's rollercoaster of emotion with immense skill .
The problem is that Burns -- who insists on writing all his own material -- is n't a very good writer .
Instead of whimsy there 's nastiness , and instead of promising newcomers there 's a cluster of formerly hot actors gone cold .
The Groomsmen captures a single , specific moment , when responsibilities await but adulthood is still unwelcome . If their predicament strikes a chord , you may want to join Burns ' boys for their final hurrah .
The problem with Ed Burns ' films is that the growth of the male characters ... has been limited by a strict interpretation of what it means to be man .
You have to suffer through a lot of down time in The Groomsmen to get to the good stuff .
The Groomsmen is warm and it 's funny , and it 's Ed Burns ' best movie in years .
revels in its charming simplicity .
The movie snaps sharply to life every now and then , and its unfashionable decency really gets to you .
The Groomsmen , set in suburban New York , is a more serioso gloss on -LSB- common -RSB- guy themes .
Edward Burns paints a scathing portrait of raucous high school buddies clutching at their rock n roll glory days as they push 35 .
A graceful exploration of the primal emotions that emerge when five thirtysomething long-time friends gather for a wedding .
The revelations are n't all that surprising and the build-up is n't all that interesting . At least not as interesting as watching Lillard , of all people , persuasively playing the most evolved and serene of this clique .
Burns tackles stunted adolescence through the filter of mushy seriocomic melodrama .
It has been a dozen years since The Brothers McMullen , yet Burns still has no clue how to make movies .
Edward Burns ' best riff yet on guys trying to sort out their feelings about women .
Burns remains an enigma : After six features , it 's still impossible to tell if he 's a filmmaker with something to say or merely one of the longest-running novelty acts in modern movies .
As time goes by , the supposedly everyday middleclass lifestyles effortlessly enjoyed by his regular Joes begin to seem suspiciously like the province of the idle rich .



@highlight

Director and star Burns returns to his home turf -- dialogue-driven examinations of the relationships between men and women -- with uneven results .