While parts of the documentary are dull , it 's enlivened by some breathtaking aerial photography and Philip Sheppard 's electronic & string-heavy score .
Mercury 13 is brief at only 80 minutes , which only underlines its unassuming and modest ambitions .
Desire has not always equaled power , and this documentary makes it as clear as the light of the moon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mercury 13 shares how 13 women were denied an opportunity that could have changed American society for decades afterward , and their story needs to be known .
A splendid documentary about the little known female pilots tested for spaceflight in 1961 .
Inspiring docu about '60s female pilots who faced sexism .
Whilst it breaks no new ground in terms of documentary film-making , the story and interviewees are strong enough to engage throughout .
The film from David Sington and Heather Walsh is a captivating experience ripe with sobering details .
They did n't get the chance to take a step on the moon , but they still made a giant leap for womankind - and it 's about time their names were known .
An essential documentary look at yet another example of historical feminism that should never have been forgotten : the first American in space might have and probably should have been a woman .
Echoes themes in Hidden Figures -LSB- ... -RSB- watch this one right now .
Honestly , if this film does n't grab you by the heart , check your pulse to make sure you still have one .
The film is completely anecdotal , which results in a film that 's often more of a human-interest piece than a deep history lesson .
This is the sort of film that begins modestly-seemingly only a piece of curious history-and grows steadily deeper as it moves to its climax , and that climax is a powerful one .
At a brisk and efficient 78-minutes , Mercury 13 is engaging , yet sadness and anger seeps in as it progresses .
A soaring tribute to some aviation pioneers .
Though modest in its artistic aims , it 's a polished piece of work which has evidently benefited from the luxury of time in both the research stage and the editing suite .
The documentary Mercury 13 goes way deeper into each of -LSB- its -RSB- points , and much more .
A portrait of the `` astronettes '' who , like the human computers of `` Hidden Figures '' ae forgotten women of the early days of the space program .
An engaging blend of modern-day interviews and archival footage , Mercury 13 complicates the traditional narrative of triumph surrounding the Mercury missions of the '60s and their culmination with the moon landing .

@highlight

Mercury 13 offers yet another sobering example of how institutionalized sexism has thwarted countless dreams -- and held nations back from their full potential .