I 'll wager grown-ups will be duly horrified by it . Not because of the gore -- although it does have a fair amount of that -- but because it takes you on a real journey into the heart of darkness , and you might not like what you find there .
Black Death definitely is n't a rollicking , bloody good time , but it is a haunting study in the capacity for cruelty in people when they 're scared , and the lingering effects that cruelty can have .
In Black Death , Christopher Smith effectively creates a creepy and unsettling atmosphere with great production values . He shows lots of potential as a director and I 'm looking forward to seeing what he does next .
Acts as if no one ever thought to make a movie about the bubonic plague before .
It shows the worst things that people do to each other in the name of religion . This could have been more of a thought-provoking film , but it turns into a gore porn display .
Bean owns this movie .
An entertaining , if by-the-numbers , entry to the sword-and-shield genre , Black Death features lots of blood , disease , and the seemingly requisite Sean Bean .
A film without the ideas or guts to bring hell to life onscreen .
What could be more cheerful than a graphic bubonic plague picture ?
Smith is n't presenting a peace offering so much as a reminder of the ease with which we slip into violence .
Smith 's excellent , tension-building style is complemented by powerful performances from broadsword specialist Bean and Redmayne
Black Death is the feel bad movie of the year , a film with an unrelentingly bleak view of humankind 's barbaric nature and the notion that , no matter what your creed , violence only ever begets more violence .
This movie had a lot of potential , but missed the mark for me , which is almost worse than a film being a complete waste of time .
This film bathes in bloody , brutal ambiguity , intelligently casting both Christians and pagans as murderous creeps in a way that looks back objectively at 14th century ignorance while shining an ugly , knowing light on contemporary religious arrogance , too .
There are bright spots in this dark-ages movie
There 's no glory for Black Death 's mercenaries at the end of their journey , but for the audience there 's a fascinating take on religion and morality that also features some pretty decent swordplay-and really , how much more can a movie offer ?
By not rushing things , by keeping things moving at their own measured pace , Smith gives Poloni 's screenplay a chance to breathe and evolve in a way it might not have been able to otherwise .
Sean Bean completists and fans of neck-beards will no doubt enjoy , but overall Black Death an atmospheric but ultimately unaffecting exercise in medieval misery .
Built on the fascinating premise that God is actually kind of an asshole
A tedious road trip movie early on turns into a more interesting battle of wills in the second half . Worth a viewing .
Atmospheric and initially intriguing , but often meandering and ultimately forgettable . It 's deficient in enough scares , thrills and palpable tension to keep you thoroughly captivated .
`` Going medieval '' on your enemies is n't just a figure of speech in Christopher Smith 's stylish spatter-horror exercise , which uses desperation-fueled religious fervor to interrogate the intersection of fear and faith .
It derives horrified fascination from its audience without ever smirking or looking down on us .
There 's something here for just about everyone , or at least for everyone who looks back fondly on the similarly themed Wicker Man from 1973 .
Slams Christians against pagans with little love for either .
Commendable in not going overboard in facile plague SFX for its first half . However , the end is rushed and mortally deadened by badly written dialogue .
Though deadly serious , Christopher Smith 's European-made bubonic - plague melodrama provides good value with lots of blood and guts , as well as a solid cast .
Early on `` Black Death '' falls victim to its own sluggish sickness , its narrative drive proving no match for the aggressively rotted pallor , dour acting and tiresomely handheld you-are-there aesthetics .
ferocious , fleet-footed entertainment
Smith effectively recreates the chaos of the medieval era , where the educated and ignorant alike make life-and-death decisions based on superstition .
Smith keeps the fog , mist and rain machines working overtime , but to such little purpose that Black Death often looks like outtakes from Fiddler on the Roof .
When your bubonic-plague movie manages to avoid the specter of Monty Python 's Flying Circus -LRB- `` Bring out ` cha dead ! '' -RRB- , it 's definitely doing something right .
Braves the odds denying us the glorified action of Hollywood and goes straight for the darkest , most realistic telling possible . Admirable , but might be too much for some .
Religion and morality are both found wanting in this medieval horror-drama devoid of good guys .
The movie 's real coup is in how it repeatedly shifts our allegiance from Christians to pagans , interrogating the unfathomably still-popular notion that barbarism is best countered with more of the same .
Grim aesthetics and an even grimmer worldview define Black Death , in which ardent piousness and defiant paganism both prove paths toward violence , hypocrisy , and hell .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Here is a medieval adventure movie bathed in blood and mud . Most satisfying is the film 's refusal to patronize the audience with any hat-tip toward some underlying religious import .
What rats do not kill , let every human drive asunder in this dark tale of mayhem in 1348 .
Despite its numerous scenes of torture and mutilation , the film emerges as a more mature and thought provoking exercise than I anticipated .
Brutal , austere , and ultimately an effective educational tool , the picture is an unflinching , haunting dissection of fundamentalism , translating the rigors of faith into a grotesque poetry of pain and suffering .
Carries authentic aesthetics , a dread-drenched tone , and provocative food-for-thought ideas involving religious hysteria that prove timely even in the 21st-century .
I 'd bet good money that Black Death is still finding new fans five or ten years from now .
While not as good as ` Triangle , ' ` Black Death ' does solidify Christopher Smith 's standing as a great horror filmmaker .
A gripping piece of Gothic horror .
It 's a solemn affair , atmospherically staged on German locations , that aims for but does not achieve the Seventh Seal of approval .
Black Death is a nasty , brutish film that is far too long .
This medieval thriller is cleverly shot and edited to crank up quite a bit of tension , even as the over-the-top grisliness and wacky religious overtones make it nothing much more than a cheap thrill .
There are echoes of The Wicker Man in this supernatural tale but the storytelling is clunky and disjointed and Smith 's fondness for tipsy , hand-held camerawork becomes extremely annoying .
Director Chris Smith delivers plenty of meaty action here and deploys twists that while not earth-shattering , are satisfyingly clever enough to make this a solid genre flick .
There are some interesting ideas at play here and some well-timed twists , but it 's not remotely scary at any point .
I was agnostic about horror director Chris Smith 's first film , Creep , but this has an insistent , dour darkness and narrative energy that is very watchable indeed .
Dario Poloni 's script pays tribute to Werner Herzog 's Aguirre , Wrath Of God , and British cult films such as The Wicker Man , but fails to bind the ingredients into anything like a plausible or satisfactory narrative .
Dark and dirty entertainment .
Necessarily dark and violent , Black Death 's chief failing is its struggle to actually end . But getting there sees Bean , as watchably earthy as ever , finally stretching himself on screen .
Though its title must rank as one of the most off-putting in film history , Black Death is n't as bad as you might fear .
Like the recent Valhalla Rising , this journey-allegory involving a band of warrior Christians trekking to a promised land is filmed in stripped colours and scarified textures and scored to electronic music .
Smith is clearly becoming more assured with every film . Black Death is his most intriguing yet . A pox on anyone who says otherwise .
Engaging , well directed medieval horror-slash-thriller with strong performances , a genuinely chilling atmosphere and an unusually thoughtful script .
Having set his characters adrift in a world gone-to-hell , Smith proceeds to leave them -LRB- and us -RRB- hanging . The result is a brave , serious-minded but odd film that promises more than it delivers .
Released into an era of poverty , pestilence and bad religion , Christopher Smiths historical horror-thriller Black Death fits the new Dark Ages like an bloodied iron gauntlet .
This is bracing , often brutal stuff , set in a world where , as Ulric says , ` God has slipped over the horizon . '
An encouraging set-up soon descends into a grubby muddle , leaving you wishing you were just rewatching The Name Of The Rose instead .
There are n't many British horror films you could call Bergmanesque with even slim justification , but Christopher Smith 's Black Death is out of the ordinary .

@highlight

Black Death delivers the fire and brimstone violence its subject matter warrants , while posing some interesting questions of faith and religion .