The film 's emotional power comes from its double investigation of love and identity , falseness and authenticity .
It 's done with some style , Bornedal telling much of the story in nifty montages set to insistent music , but I could n't get into the spirit of it .
This engrossing Danish thriller is like the 1995 Sandra Bullock vehicle While You Were Sleeping merged with Festen and turned into a film noir .
You are swept along by the confidence of the storytelling even as you accept it might not hold up to close scrutiny .
High concept thriller which fails to captivate due to unsympathetic characters .
Ambitious cross-cutting and occasional bursts of strident music hint at psychologically complex parallels and readings that the film fails to deliver .
The film 's best hope is black comedy - it 's certainly impossible to take seriously - and yet crazy amounts of it are socked over as bombastic , overedited melodrama .
A fast , furious and fun homage to film noir with heart to spare .
Cracking along at a fast pace with a plot full of twists and turns , it 's a first-rate thriller and one bound to get the Hollywood remake treatment very soon .
It 's melodrama , and sometimes absurdist . But there 's a sense of humour too and while it trips over itself in the effort to be original , it is an impressive piece of film-making all the same .
Bornedal 's movie is slick and arresting , and proves again to Hollywood that mature genre film-making is thriving on this side of the Atlantic .
A game but chaotic attempt at neo-noir , ferociously acted and directed .
A well paced , though hardly credible , piece of noir .
Nimbly weaving between mid-life crisis melodrama , noir , comedy , horror , this is Lars von Trier meets Michael Haneke and , in a good way , one of the year 's most uncomfortable watches .
The grim result might stretch credibility , but that does n't make it any less entertaining .
It 's a Hitchcock-style thriller involving mistaken identity , mid-life crisis and adulterous romance . It gets very far-fetched towards the end , but it 's enjoyably suspenseful and extremely well acted .
Just Another Love Story , directed by Ole Bornedal , has a style like play-school Ingmar Bergman .
The lure of a new life kickstarts this gripping Danish noir-romance .
A cracking , suspenseful watch that has a well-turned knack for the tragic-comic .
An enjoyable slice of Danish noir , thanks to a smartly written script and strong performances .
Even though it 's sometimes contrived , it 's utterly gripping .
The best thriller I 've seen all year .
It 's good , nasty fun until it gets boxed in by its own contrivances toward the end .
... the type of story that could get very muddled and confusing but , while there are one or two missteps , overall it is a captivating tale of life , love and lies .
Bornedal uses some very stylish flourishes that emphasize , rather than engulf , his substance here .
You can see this Danish offering as a sardonic update of familiar noir material , or simply as the story of the midlife crisis of a guy who wishes -- or dreams , or dreads -- that he 's living out a grand drama . There are pleasures to be had either way .
-LSB- Bornedal -RSB- steers his mistaken-identity story in a more generic direction .
The final act , where secrets become revealed and the plot twists in on itself once more is ingeniously clever .
I suspect anyone who went for last year 's foreign-language pulp fiction of choice , Tell No One , will be rewarded by Ole Bornedal 's latest .
It 's interesting that two of the best thrillers of the last several months , Tell No One and Just Another Love Story , have come from Europe .
The plot is a spiral of sex , deception , stolen identities , middle-age angst and murder . Just Another Love Story would be the result if Bergman had ever directed a Hitchcock thriller .
Manages to be mildly engaging with strong performances , but it ultimately lacks suspense , intrigue and poignancy .
A creative mix of horror , noir and psychological thriller . At times the story defies logic , but viewers who can accept that will find themselves caught up in the film 's intensity .
Just Another Love Story is enjoyably moody in the early going , and it develops into a decent Hitchcockian thriller at times .
Oh those wacky Scandinavians : This is not your grandfather 's noir !
As Just Another Love Story zigzags between austere realism -LRB- the scenes of Jonas and his family -RRB- and surreal gore , you have the not unpleasant sense of being taken for a ride .
A failed film noir about a discontented man who wants something more in his life .
could have been a perfectly fine B-grade thriller , but Bornedal overestimates his cleverness
A creepy , yet genuine love story
Beneath all the dazzling cinematography , propulsive score and overcommitted acting , I found this movie an affecting , mordant comedy about male midlife crisis in its most extreme form .
Just Another Love Story has all the foolhardy bluster of a talentless film student nagging at us to acknowledge his artistry .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Bornedal injects plenty of gallows humor to keep things light , and a fair amount of bloody , full-frontal nudity to maintain just the right quotient of queasiness .
Bertelsen 's puffy sheepishness is n't involving enough to distract from the routine plot perforations .
A Walter Mitty fantasy that defies logic but is sumptuously filmed with an array of neat , noirish twists .
Contrived excess is rarely as entertaining as it is in the ironically titled Just Another Love Story , a furiously overheated romantic thriller from Danish writer-helmer Ole Bornedal .

@highlight

An intense foreign language noir , Just Another Love Story uses some generic methods to tell its tale of mistaken identity but is sharply entertaining nonetheless .