The experimental skills at display allow Pfeiffer to give one of the best performances of her career . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Although it 's opening act suggests Michelle Pfeiffer going mumble-core , Where is Kyra ? is actually a far more substantial work than initially suggested - even if it 's debatable whether or not it would be as impactful with another actress in the lead .
Is n't so much about Kyra 's fling with criminal behavior as it is about a world in which a decent person can fall from safety to destitution in just a few weeks ' time .
Anchored around terrific performances from Pfeiffer and Kiefer Sutherland , Where is Kyra deserves to be applauded for everything it does right .
`` Where is Kyra ? '' is a small story - there 's much about its main character that we 'll never know - and a terribly sad one . But it 's a remarkable showcase for Pfeiffer , who 'll break your heart in every scene .
Where Is Kyra ? is an unorthodox comeback vehicle for Pfeiffer-the film is truly a total bummer , the rare example of cinema that is both beautifully made and 100 percent joyless . But it remains noteworthy , and maybe even important ...
... occasionally borders on pretentious , it crafts a powerful portrait of socioeconomic despair without turning heavy-handed .
Watching Michelle Pfeiffer 's enactment of this woman as a hyperaware and yet disempowered character urges me to more carefully observe this world of so many virtually invisible and needy individuals .
Without much to work with , -LSB- Michelle -RSB- Pfeiffer , who subtly expresses inner turmoil on her face , gives the movie a credible , sympathetic , charismatic protagonist .
A sort of Blue Jasmine by a director who actually understands how human beings behave , Where is Kyra ? is n't an easy film to watch , but it 's even harder to look away from .
It will attract a hardy few hard-core art house fans -LRB- and lots of major awards voters -RRB- .
Pfeiffer is good - she 's always good , and raw , and effective - but watching her here is like seeing her under glass from a block away .
This woman may be lost to the world , but in Dosunmu 's quietly shattering vision , she is also unexpectedly , triumphantly found .
Gosh , but it 's good to have Michelle Pfeiffer back .
Picoult 's screenplay is frustratingly slight , never evolving beyond ... one note .
the beautiful photography and Michelle Pfeiffer 's winning performance are the only elements worth recommending , but then again , they are top-notch ingredients to this middling feature
The script , by Darci Picoult , does little to illuminate thoughts , plans , and lives ; the banal dialogue is delivered at a slow and pause-riddled pace , as if to infuse it with meaning and emotion that it does n't contain .
A dark tale of poverty in the midst of plenty .
It 's a performance of such nuance and vulnerability , so quietly catastrophic in communicating this woman 's accumulation of loss .
Michelle Pfeiffer is stunning as a desperate , near-destitute woman whose life is shrouded in darkness .
Strong language , drinking in dark , heavy drama .
Where Is Kyra ? finally allows -LSB- Pfeiffer -RSB- to explore the darker , unvarnished side of her talent and gives her the opportunity to do perhaps the best work of her lengthy , eclectic career .
Where Is Kyra ? is less like a narrative and more like a formal experiment in testing the limits of distancing an audience from a story .
That we watch the ticking moments of Where Is Kyra ? with so much concern is a testament to the filmmakers and cast determined to elevate her unnoticed life .
Michelle Pfeiffer 's raw , lupine portrayal of Kyra captures the slow , miserable grind of creeping poverty and its debilitating effect on reason .
Like the storyline , the visual style eventually becomes more frustrating than rewarding .
As a statement about the economic insecurity inherent in American capitalism , `` Where Is Kyra ? '' has grim power .
Michelle Pfeiffer 's entrancing performance is more than capable of commanding people to watch .
Dosunmu and Picoult 's efforts to merge art with anguish proves to be too problematic and perhaps esoteric to do the subject matter justice .
Terror gradually leaks into the narrative , transforming Where Is Kyra ? into a haunting non-traditional thriller .
Sometimes a movie comes along that makes you wonder what the people who made it could possibly have been thinking . Where Is Kyra ? is one of them .
It 's a difficult movie with little in the way of brightness - except , of course , for the still-spellbinding , still-essential actress whose talent radiates from its center .
It ultimately does n't have much to say apart from the basic observation that life is very , very hard for people with zero resources . But it depicts that punishing world with singular artistry .
Michelle Pfeiffer has a rare , boldly deglamorized lead role in a film that is unfortunately unworthy of her .
At every beat , Pfeiffer poignantly conveys Kyra 's misery , from the quieter hopeless moments to the more frantically despondent . And the actress ' finesse makes it worth the watch .
Pfeiffer 's remarkable , gutsy performance makes her character 's despondency palpable just through the weariness of her expressions and body language .
A shattering portrait of a luckless woman unable to pull out of the tailspin that is her life , `` Where Is Kyra ? '' is a powerfully moody character study anchored by a remarkable performance from Michelle Pfeiffer .
This is life on a knife-edge and it cuts accordingly .
The payoff just is n't there .
Pfeiffer is nothing short of heartbreaking in a part that requires her to be completely unvarnished .
Starring an against-type and utterly fascinating Michelle Pfeiffer as the titular Kyra , the film narrows in on the tragedy of getting old in America .
It 's been years since we 've been treated to a great Michelle Pfeiffer performance , and Where Is Kyra finally gives her that platform .
The problem with Andrew Dosunmu 's follow-up to the more compelling `` Mother Of George '' is that there is so little story that all you have to look at are Bradford Young 's impressive compositions and then you wait ... and then wait some more .
Rarely on film has the sheer debilitating exhaustion of poverty been so clearly conveyed .
A soul-searing Michelle Pfeiffer makes a welcome return in Andrew Dosunmu 's difficult , visually stunning essay in psychic pain .
Where is Kyra ? sheds a most exquisitely modulated penumbral light on those in the margins of society that would normally remain invisible .

@highlight

Where Is Kyra ? rests on Michelle Pfeiffer 's magnetically raw performance -- and lives up to it with a trenchant , hard-hitting story .