Honestly , the whole experience would fare better as a skit rather than a feature-length film
A horrible movie and an even worse parody , it 's sad that one ends up laughing less with it than with ` Fifty shades of Grey ' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A moment of Netflix product placement suggests the idea that this would have been better as one no-filler hour of television .
The message remains , ultimately , one of female empowerment ... but here it 's presented through an endless blizzard of latex genitalia , racial epithets and bodily fluids .
There are undoubtedly four or five one-liners that will have you in stitches , but given the scattergun approach to jokes , that makes for a rather minuscule percentage .
Another depressing `` cinema parody '' that is n't half as amusing as the film -LRB- s -RRB- it wants us to laugh at .
50 Shades of Black does , at least , have to good grace to be 50 times more entertaining than the original .
The laziest visual gags are accompanied by a cavalcade of insensitive , vulgar jokes that never work no matter how many silly faces are pulled .
Woefully uninspired and toxically unfunny , this film is so rotten it could necrotize your soul . Horrible , just horrible .
Fifty Shades of Black is crude and uninspired - the latest -LRB- and hopefully last -RRB- in a literary and cinematographic bloodline which should be sterilised hereafter .
Even the idea that Fifty Shades of Grey might require parody seems ludicrous .
A spoof of the franchise that started out as Twilight fan fiction offers up another barrel for Marlon Wayans to scrape .
Predictable but unexpectedly enlightened .
By setting his sights on the film adaptation of EL James ' bestseller Fifty Shades of Grey , Wayans finally finds a target that offers him a valid excuse for his trademark crudeness .
How do you satirize something that 's already a joke ?
It is to have fun for an hour and a half . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's just awful ! A failed `` comedy '' , full of brutish attempts of grotesque humor and bad taste , horrible in every aspect . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I do n't know what 's worse , if paying the movie ticket or losing an hour and a half that nobody is giving me back . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fifty Shades of Black is one of the worse movies of 2015 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the full movie , laughs are virtually nonexistent .
Crass parody does n't stay on target long enough to be funny .
The movie 's mean-spiritedness becomes even more painful than the dippiness of the source material .
Again to the film 's credit , when its humor connected it was a sure fire home run ; but when it whiffed it would n't hit water if it fell out of a boat .
An alleged mockery and satire that lampoons very little and with very little grace . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film faithfully and mockingly follows the book 's key scenes , but the satire is broad and too dopey to really be lascivious .
Marlon Wayans has proven that he does n't need any help from his brothers to make a truly awful spoof . This is probably a great source of pride for him at family gatherings .
No matter how cosmically God-awful you think Fifty Shades of Black probably is , I assure you it 's even worse than that .
When the movie you 're mocking is unintentionally funnier than the one you made , you 've got a problem .
Fifty Shades of Black aims low -LRB- often at and around the crotch -RRB- , and often fumbles around , missing its G-spot . That 's the gag-spot , perverts .
Wayans is ... incapable of limiting himself to parodying one movie at a time , tossing in riffs on Whiplash , Magic Mike , and Zero Dark Thirty to varying degrees of success .
A descent into depravity far more shocking than funny that 's morally-objectionable in part for all .
I did n't like Fifty Shades Of Black , and I really just want to move on with my life . End of story .
As with other staples of the screen-parody genre , the comic bull 's - eyes arrive only intermittently .
Wayans continues his pattern of creating movie simulacra - calling them `` parodies '' or even `` spoofs '' puts far too fine a point on it - whereby we 're supposed to laugh because we recognize the thing that is being reenacted .
It 's no wonder Marlon 's family wanted nothing to do with it .
If there were ever a purpose to these crass , imbecilic parodies , it 's to remind us that the closest black actors come to starring in something like Scream , Paranormal Activity or Fifty Shades Of Grey is when Marlon Wayans spoofs them .
-LSB- This -RSB- movie could use at least one real gut-busting moment as a centerpiece , but the sporadic chuckles it provokes are real and deserved .
As a piece of cultural criticism , however , it painstakingly eviscerates nearly every scene in `` Grey '' and skewers latent sexism , classism and ludicrous sexual innuendoes , as well as the original 's numerous plot holes .
Mostly , `` Fifty Shades of Black '' is exactly what you expect it will be .
If comedy is like sex , all about buildup and release of tension , then this movie ca n't get it up .
I was n't the only one in the theater . There were five people , total . Two walked out fifteen minutes in . Another left fifteen minutes after that . When I walked out , a dude saw what movie I was leaving of and laughed at me . That about sums it up .
` Grey ' deserved a concentrated attack . It gets a scattershot one , though one that 's ultimately , mostly , on the side of the angels
It 's still better than Fifty Shades Of Grey .
An aimless , if sporadically clever , parody that tirelessly conceives of human sexuality as punchlines for its shortsighted cultural ribbings .
At a minimum , a parody should be funnier than the film it 's sending up , but `` Fifty Shades of Black , '' a quick-and-dirty riff on last year 's S&M romance `` Fifty Shades of Grey , '' falls a laugh or two short of even that low standard .
On the bright side , at least this is n't `` A Haunted House 3 . '' Just kidding . There 's no such thing as a bright side when dealing with a Marlon Wayans production .

@highlight

Wildly erratic even for a spoof movie , Fifty Shades of Black bears the unfortunate distinction of offering fewer laughs than the unintentionally funny film it 's trying to lampoon .