No ironic detachment for William Dear 's latest film : It may have every cliché in the book , but The Perfect Game means everything it says .
It 's all stencil work without a single touch of novelty , inspiration or originality .
The Perfect Game proves that you do n't always have to reach for lofty heights to work . It 's certainly not a classic . It 's a simple pleasure for those times when that 's all you need .
A welcome addition to the expanding genre of baseball films .
It 's hard not to root for an underdog , especially a relentlessly optimistic one , and the reality is Game has a lot of heart . But not much in the way of legs .
Packed with everything you 'd want from an inspiring sports story . The pieces are n't put together as neatly as one would hope , but the film easily achieves the intended effect .
Notable only for being a catalog of just about every kid-pic cliche ' ever committed to film .
The Perfect Game is an earnest tribute , but the story could have been rendered more convincingly .
A very slow and terrible film . This little league baseball story is so full of holes , that even diehard fans of the game would be hard pressed to sit through it . Paul Chambers , CNN .
This movie is what 's known as family entertainment , which means in this case that it 's interesting and harmless .
Director William Dear is not one to miss a sentimental beat .
-LSB- From -RSB- the second minute of the movie I knew every single thing that was going to happen and there was not a single surprise .
A perfect family movie .
It 's an unabashedly corny but occasionally stirring dramedy based on the true-life story of scrappy young baseball players from Mexico .
Sentimental , inspiring tale about Little League underdogs .
So overwhelmed by its own based-on-actual-events tale that it ca n't find the tone to tell it effectively .
There has been only one perfect game in the history of the Little League World Series , and the story is as unlikely and as perfect as any underdog sports-movie fairy tale .
Anyone much older than , say , 10 , will likely find the underdog saga sappy and manipulative , not to mention filled with sports movie cliches , including the following statement : `` It will take a miracle to make them into a real team . ''
This inspirational film , written by first-timer -LRB- and producer -RRB- W. William Winokur , is not for cynics or those resistant to cute kids -LRB- and child actors sometimes given to mugging -RRB- .
A big , bland serving of corn that would n't have been out of place on The Wonderful World of Disney 50 years ago .
The script 's focus is all over the place , and it surely does n't help that each uplifting moment of this underdog story feels contrived and cloying .
Think of it as the `` Good News Bears . ''
... a bunch of appealing youngsters paired with the terrific character actor Collins and `` The Perfect Game , '' while corny , is less treacly than it could have been .
A very sweet , very slight family movie that scores smiles and tears of joy .
The heart of both the story and its telling do help in smoothing over other deficiencies , sweet and disarming in its belief that something like a baseball game can make a bigger difference .
The climactic drama of the championship game owes largely to the fact that , despite their unprecedented success as a foreign team in the tournament , young Angel Macias and his teammates somehow did n't go down in history , at least not stateside .
A paper-thin telling of a genuinely remarkable story that lifts the bullet points of a Mexican team 's unprecedented run through the Little League World Series , and fills out the rest with stereotypes and rank sentimentality .
Barely dramatizing off-the-field struggles like visa problems and the boys ' first taste of good ol' American racism , the film does a disservice to the community it depicts by rendering an inspiring cultural story entirely uninspired .
I could go on and on with a list of the things wrong with The Perfect Game , but none would explain why I was a misty-eyed sucker for it in the end .
Think south-of-the-border Bad News Bears .
This entertaining film is so full of factual inaccuracies that are unnecessary they degrade the final product .
there is a tricky line for a film to walk between earnest sweetness and syrupy schmaltz . The Perfect Game pulls off this balancing act with a combination of smart direction and even smarter casting
Well-meaning but thick with cliches .
The film is perfectly mediocre , which is heartbreaking , not heartwarming .
You sort of know how these underdog sports movies turn out . Does n't matter . The Perfect Game so expertly uses the charisma and personalities of the actors , especially the young ones , that it 's thrilling anyway .
What 's surprising are the poignant undercurrents about race and jingoism .
The odd engaging moment is always followed by a cloying eye-roller , such as when a nearly-new ball appears on their dusty Monterey sandlot . `` Father , what does it mean ? '' `` It means God wants us to play baseball ! ''
Although based on the real-life tale of nine underage underdogs from Monterrey , Mexico who swept the 1957 Little League World Series , this Cinderella sports story rings false from first pitch to last .
-LRB- Recommended for -RRB- Little League coaches and teams whose schedules look like 10-run rules waiting to happen . Kids on the sweet end of that rule will scoff at this overly earnest story of diamond underdogs winning .
It 's unforgivably clunky at times , but as a whole , the picture is innocuous enough to give family audiences a decent underhand pitch of approachable hopes and dreams .
Baseball movies generally lean toward the mawkishly uplifting , an inclination wholly embraced by The Perfect Game , which resorts to such corniness that one can practically hear the screen crunching .
As much about sports trophies as a triumph over the racism and sexism of the time . And that rare film for children with problem-solving solutions other than violence , in a not always welcoming world .
Does n't have the artistry of Hoosiers , but it is blessed with a strong real-life story , and stresses a series of uplifting life lessons .
Here 's a sweetly mannered sports movie with heart , that 's ideal for introducing baseball traditions and vocabulary to kids .

@highlight

It 's bogged down with an unfocused script and countless sports movie cliches , but The Perfect Game still manages to charm with its unabashed sweetness and a stirring final act .