A weak addition to the zombie series that suffers from bad acting , a poor script and a distinct lack of action .
This is exactly what makes Romero a great political filmmaker : when he condemns wrongs , he never assumes those wrongs exist on their ow .
... he whole film feels like a perfunctory , wearied repetition of a formula .
Romero seems to have lost his touch doing zombie pics .
Are George Romero 's late-career ghoul operas fatigued retreads of his seminal zombie classics , or eccentrically satirical twists on the genre tropes he pioneered ? Survival of the Dead is n't about to clear things up .
full review at Movies for the Masses
`` A man dies , he gets stupid , '' someone observes in the film . Maybe if a man makes too many films about the dead , the same fate awaits him . Mr. Romero , you are on notice .
Romero has freed his story up for a lighter , more amusingly misanthropic take on the worst tendencies of people .
An exercise in beating a dead horse as well as eating a dead horse , the film demonstrates that the metaphorical usefulness of the zombie genre has reached a state of near rigor mortis , if not putrefaction .
The creator is still driving his old Model-T to the ground .
Even Romero 's staunchest fans might conclude their hero is going through the motions here . Yes , almost like a zombie .
What we 've got here is a just a B-movie western with buckets of gore , which might be fine coming from a Romero wannabe but not from the genuine article .
There 's something here for enthusiasts to enjoy , but to newcomers or those lacking an appreciation for Romero 's work , Survival of the Dead is a zombie soap opera .
Steeped in fan-pleasing gore but woefully thin on ideas , originality -LRB- beyond new zombie-offing methods -RRB- or directorial flair .
A sad confirmation of if not George Romero 's complete creative bankruptcy then certainly his wildly diminished gift for imparting glancing metaphorical dread .
Maybe it 's due to the fact that Romero 's work never struck me as particularly exciting or important in the first place , but I mostly enjoyed this newest entry .
Survival is crawling with weird ideas that make no sense , but Romero treats them as gems of life-changing import .
Big set pieces showing how atrophied Romero 's cutting and tactical framing have become is depressing to anyone who has valued his films for more than just splatter .
... fast , often witty ...
At last finds the great Romero with nothing new to say about zombies .
Feels like one of those goofy old Star Trek episodes in which Kirk and Spock go back in time to make some sort of baldly allegorical point .
Survival of the Dead almost never snaps into focus . Even its oxymoronic title does n't work . It feels marginal , like an extended footnote .
. . has at least one great image : a zombie woman on horseback endlessly galloping around the island like some Gothic , Bronte-inspired ghost .
A decent zombie film
A more cerebral means of cinematically satiating one 's wanton bloodlust craving !
Romero still stands tall among ants ; long live Romero ...
Nowhere near as disappointing as `` Diary of the Dead '' ... -LRB- The film has -RRB- some intelligent , thought-provoking content that you wo n't find in most contemporary horror films .
How right wing do you have to be to protect zombie rights ? I mean , what good is keeping alive a zombie ? ... I guess in the zombie holocaust there 's no more abortion or gay marriage so you 've got to court the zombie-hugger vote .
Like a zombie version of his previous movies % u2013 feeding off what came before and just not quite all there .
Has the sheen of awesome to it -- a few reasonably nifty ideas that fit well into the overall zombie apocalypse notion -- but it 's covering up a lot of -LRB- ahem -RRB- dead weight .
Even so , there 's not much here of merit to talk about , and as much fun as all the hillbilly in-fighting and gruesome zombie killing can be the feeling that we 've been down this road before is one that 's frustratingly difficult to shake .
Placidly photographed and lacking in urgency , Survival shows us the living flailing at fate and the dead just flailing .
Too little -- and , as is becoming increasingly clear as the franchise winds down , too late .
Survival of the Dead feels like the single weakest link in what is otherwise the strongest , smartest , and most transgressively revolutionary horror series in cinema history .
Survival of the Dead never comes alive . It feels constrained by a low budget , short running time and the outdated conceit of slow zombies trudging toward fresh victims .
It has been six days since the dead began to walk , and a powerful emotion is gripping the land . Boredom .
I suppose it 's nice that Romero has a hobby , but he could n't be more of a bore if he were showing off his pine cone collection .
Instead of closing in for the metaphorical kill , the film frequently wanders off in a new , noncommital direction .
There 's a clever zombie kill that involves a fire extinguisher . And there are a couple of good , sick jokes , too . But those things are not enough to compensate for the overall dullness of the dead .
While it is still better than most recent American horror films , it is easily the least of the `` Dead '' films and lacks the snap and the provocative power of his best efforts .
I would hardly proclaim Survival to be a creative renaissance for Romero , but the movie 's down-and-dirty simplicity keeps this latest installment moving along .
For the first time , a Romero zombie movie feels as if it was rushed out .
Romero is using better actors than in the past , which helps . But they are hobbled by a sometimes nonsensical script with logical lapses even genre fans will find hard to swallow .
Shuffle , shuffle , limp , limp . That 's not the shambling gait of the zombie hordes in George Romero 's Survival of the Dead , but the draggy pace of the movie itself .
Sly , yet solid , writing , which anticipates the audience being clever enough to expect a few twists , delivers them and then manages to inject a surprise or two , particularly with the evolution of the ethics dilemma at hand
An unnecessary addition to the Romero canon -LRB- this is his sixth undead outing -RRB- , shot in Canada on digital video , the film relocates the zombie action to an island off Delaware where a couple of Irish-descended patriarchs wage Hatfield and McCoy-style clan
A lot of Survival seems stale , as if Romero were growing bored with his own redundancies . Now in the final years of an uneven career , Romero needs to get out of his comfort zone .
Like the literary monster mash-ups that have invaded the best-seller lists , Survival of the Dead mixes genres and milieus with absurdist glee .
Romero 's Hatfields-and-McCoys setup feels more random than creative , and the idea that they 're all Irish -- or cowboys ! -- is more desultory still .
As a Romero project , Survival Of The Dead is a frustrating disappointment , nowhere close to the director 's classic '70s films -- though it is better than Romero 's last `` reboot '' zombie effort , Diary Of The Dead .
This is a Romero zombie film so I have to confess to having a soft spot in my heart for `` Survival of the Dead '' despite its flaws .
painfully predictable
It 's painful to see Romero lose his way here . The zombies are nothing more than window dressing for an unimpressive central plot .
Survival of the Dead has its own thing going ; it 's brilliantly , playfully loopy .
Too much of this is beating - or perhaps , eating - a dead horse . Survival of the Dead ought to be this series ' last gasp .
After you 've seen , oh , I du n no , 20 or 30 zombie movies , you sort of stop caring very much , unless something new is going on , as in Zombieland .
Maybe Romero is pursuing a Marxist project by analyzing feudal modes of production , but his real problem is coming up with new ways of shooting people in the head .
At best , Survival 's ending , with a riff on `` beating a dead horse , '' may be taken for evidence of self-awareness .
There are some memorable images , including the sight of a beautiful , horse-riding `` dead head . '' But for much of the movie , Van Sprang 's zombie fatigue seems to be an echo of Romero 's own .
... as much as I enjoy seeing another living dead flick , some of his earlier magic seems to have faded into this flawed and slightly uneven film . .
The hurtful truth is that others -- many others -- have co-opted Romero 's whole living dead thing and have been doing it with more style than the Pittsburgh zombie auteur is capable of these days .
Another year , another George Romero Dead film . But wait , there 's plenty to delight in his sixth zombie eat - 'em - up , which follows a rogue group of soldiers who come between warring clans on an isolated island .
Survival of the Dead is clear proof it 's time for Romero to give up the zombie and MOVE ON .
A slight , self-aware fable in which a pair of feuding families , a quartet of AWOL National Guardsmen and a mess o ' ravenous zombies mix it up on an isolated Atlantic-coast island .
Sadly , `` Survival of the Dead '' ca n't even qualify as a guilty pleasure .
Survival of the Dead plays embarrassingly like a parody of the yukfests George A. Romero 's Dead movies have inspired over the years .
There 's little here that 's new or interesting ; the movie is for hard-core Romero devotees only , and even they should approach this picture with expectations kept in check .
Call this one the Hatfields and the McCoys with zombies - it 's a doodle in the Romero canon with only one new and creepy idea .
Unlike other franchises ... the helmer/scribe -LSB- Romero -RSB- keeps it fresh and makes me look forward to the next zombie installment . Now that 's entertainment !
Proves again that Romero has n't lost his touch and has n't run out of things to say .
Survival of the Dead is a reasonably entertaining variation on a familiar theme , although it is lacks the inspiration that would make it stand as an original in its own right .
Far and away the worst of George A. Romero 's horror six-pack , Survival of the Dead plays like a campy , pseudo-Western mocking of the esteemed director 's previous work .
George A. Romero 's heyday may sadly be over .
We get a sketch of a story , character stereotypes and dialogue that are as nonsensical as they are melodramatic .
This must be , needs to be , the end , for the movies have started to too closely resemble their undead stars .
At long last , the Dead series may be ready for that final bullet between the eyes .
The energy clearly is n't there anymore . Survival of the Dead is graceless and shoddy , making zombie killing , the sport of kings and nerds , actually difficult to sit through .
Although horrible on nearly every aspect , the movie is quite entertaining to watch , which is more than I can say for most films . But that does n't mean I recommend seeing it .
Survival of the Dead may not be one of his best , but it does illustrate that George Romero still has something to offer the fright film faithful . Unfortunately , they may be less than willing to work with him this time around .
Se em `` Diary of the Dead '' Romero parecia tentar embarcar com atraso na onda `` Bruxa de Blair '' , aqui ele nem parece mais estar tentando criar uma narrativa minimamente coesa . Lamentável .
Fans of Zombieland , Dead Snow and the 28 ... Later films will likely wonder why the Don of the Dead does n't stick to stroking his cat . Old-school horrorheads , meanwhile , will find enough here to rejoice that George is still playing with dead things .
This one 's really for fans only .
The story unfolds efficiently and economically and it provides plenty of laughs .
As always , Romero uses his zombie framework to expose the monstrousness of the living , in this case focusing on the -LRB- self - -RRB- destructive human need for divisive lines in the sand .
Romero 's sixth foray into the world of zombies shows that both he and the genre have run out of gas . Romero 's films have always been noteworthy for their delicate balance of comedy and horror -- one minute he could make us laugh and the next we would be j
Evidence of a veteran horror guy who still has a few colorful stories left to tell . With zombies .
Add in some extreme violence and wonderful performances from the lead actors , and we have a movie that is -LRB- arguably -RRB- one of the best in the series .
For those who watch Romero 's zombie movies for the thrill of the kill , there are plenty of scenes to entertain . -LSB- It -RCB- is -LRB- arguably -RRB- one of the best in the series


@highlight

Survival of the Dead offers glimmers of Romero 's savage wit , but not nearly enough to make up for his unusually uninspired directing and a lack of new ideas