I liked everything about this film , the writing by Michael Berry -LRB- who also directed the film -RRB- and Louis Moulinet , the pace , the editing , by Larry Madaras -LRB- ` American Beauty ' -RRB- and the acting is excellent by the entire cast .
Frontera does not measure up as an issue-oriented film
This is trying way too hard to be Crash in the desert . The performances are dull , the story is worn out , and the film just does n't know when to call it quits . As far as entertainment goes , Frontera is the slowest rolling tumbleweed around .
Frontera avoids stepping on an illegal immigration soap box until the movie 's final shot .
Ed Harris brings such world-weary gravitas to his role as a grieving widower ... that he comes close to making up for the picture 's sometimes clunky narrative .
It feels like an oversimplified examination of potentially provocative subject matter .
Compelling but obvious border drama is well acted .
In trying to create a balanced portrait of the conflicts and the ordinary people affected by them , director Michael Berry ... chips away at the authenticity and intensity that an issue-driven film like this sorely needs .
It captures the desperation of illegal immigrants and the confused rancor that often greets them on the American side of the border .
The actors are compelling , and the issue is , of course , always worth discussion . It 's not a great movie , but , if nothing else , Frontera is worthwhile on those fronts .
`` Frontera '' is a well-cast , well-made , well-acted drama that you will probably forget about soon after you 've seen it .
The movie gets points for not being polemical , but they do n't replace the polemics with anything interesting .
You wish that a filmmaker like John Sayles had grabbed the story by the throat and teased out its complexities .
There are worse things a movie can be than merely watchable .
The modern , gritty Western `` Frontera '' takes a lot of the clichés and delicately upends them to tell a tale about undocumented immigrants .
No polemic , it 's a poignant tale of human decency and redemption .
There 's a fine line between foreshadowing and telegraphing , and Frontera does plenty of the latter .
`` Frontera '' offers an unsparing look at the plight of illegal immigrants , even if the ending seems too patly convenient .
With its characters all sketched in single dimension and its story woefully light on surprise or intricacy , Berry 's work proves less interested in nuanced drama than in merely forwarding an agenda .
Middling if still very watchable ...
It 's no polemic , but neither is it as character-driven as it aims to be .
Frontera is a showcase for actors : Ed Harris , in particular , does something we 've seen him do before -- play the laconic man of principle -- but he 's so good at it , you warm right up to his rhythms .
By turns abrasive and stately , sermonic and impartial , plot-heavy and meandering , often within seconds of each other .
... when Berry , making his feature writing and directing debut , takes the time to do something unexpected , it usually pays off .
Desperate housewife in hell Eva Longoria , in this Arizona brewing border wars bromance eloquently engulfing Harris and Pena . And vigilantism once again an enduring theme in US movies , no surprise there . Spurred on by a corrupt when not broken system .

@highlight

Frontera is solidly cast , handsomely mounted , and well-acted ; unfortunately , it 's also rather dull and fairly forgettable .