The first of the three stories is the best. , with good visual style .
Lambent
If you are easily lulled into a sensuous rhythm of pure cinematic languor , this will satisfy . If not , you may be banging your head against the back of your seat .
-LSB- Hou 's -RSB- work gains significance due to his specifically tying this theme of love to Taiwan in particular , as opposed to just proposing a general essay on love .
Hou Hsiao Hsien is quite simply one of the world 's premier filmmakers yet his films are lucky to play a few festival dates here in the U.S. .
An emotionally understated giant of a love story .
A ravishing triptych spanning a century of Taiwanese history , in which love remains eternally elusive .
Carefully crafted and bereft of dialogue , Three Times sets the bar high with its opening salvo but ca n't sustain the momentum .
Assembles all of the major settings of the last 20 years of Hou 's career into a single portmanteau of miscommunication and frustrated ardor .
This is a fascinating exercise in utilising style to make subtle psychological and political statements .
Hsiao-Hsien reinforces his excellent cinematography with a bold use of music , featuring The Platters ' Smoke Gets In Your Eyes , but ultimately the running time could have been halved and he would still have made his point .
An emotional journey , a showcase for two fine actors , and a multifaceted picture of love .
The style is pure Hou : richly textured atmosphere , tiptoeing camerawork and long , languorous takes of scenes full of privileged moments of human activity .
A film to get lost in , a fragmentary , impressionistic trilogy of fleeting moments of love that is one of the best films of the year .
Seen in isolation , the first episode has the most satisfying plot and the last the least . But the film 's achievement lies mostly in the beautifully articulated similarities and differences among the three .
Three varieties of love : unfulfilled , mercenary , meaningless . All photographed with such visual beauty that watching the movie is like holding your breath so the butterfly wo n't stir .
Great cinema , pop romance that carries a special charge .
Filmmaker Hou Hsiao-Hsien tries to tell three tales of romance during different parts of the 20th and 21st centuries . But he winds up stretching a modestly interesting premise out too long -- over more than two hours .
The film is probably too slow , too silent and too long for most audiences . But look beyond the quietness , and you 'll discover a three-gem jewel .
Can a film be exquisite and , at the same time , less than one hoped for ? This question arose as Three Times unfolded .
A discreetly cosmic , majestic trilogy .
The deceptive simplicity of these vignettes , written by Chu Tien-wen , throws into relief Hou 's formidable storytelling strengths and visual acuity -- his way with actors , his subtlety and expressiveness .
I urge you to see the ineffably beautiful Three Times however you can , lest you go on thinking that Hou 's greatness is merely the supposition of obscurantist critics .
Love is messy , desperate , inconclusive and wonderful -- even for little moments -- in any time . And Hou has done it justice with this new masterpiece .
Three Times is the kind of film ... that requires the viewer to make an investment , both of intellect and of time , to appreciate it .
Do Hou 's films deserve to be seen ? Absolutely , if only to end the myth that they 're too perfect for this world .
While he 's never received the same adulation in the West as Wong Kar-Wai ... Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-Hsien is his equal when it comes to mapping desire and loss .
This film was designed to win film festival prizes and leave the regular audiences in the dust .
a meditation on how words , poetry and music connect us to time , place and each other
... a lyrical , subtle , chaste and nearly wordless romance between a giggly pool-hall hostess and a former customer on a one-night leave from the military .
Like all of Hou 's films , Three Times is beautifully shot -- a painting come to life . And like most of his movies , it 's utterly compelling .
The first section of `` Three Times '' is fabulous ; the second is fascinating if remote ; and the third a jangly , modernist mess .
According to one American critic , Three Times is ` why cinema exists . ' Only if you think that cinema has no higher calling that presenting a long series of gorgeously lit closeups of beautiful actresses are you likely to agree .
For the uninitiated , Three Times presents an ideal primer , a condensed K-Tel collection of themes that have consistently reappeared throughout Hou Hsiao-hsien 's career .
It 's simply one of the most beautiful films he 's made to date .
Three Times is anchored by the performance of Shu Qi .
A trilogy of desire from the Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien in which the same actress and actor play variations on lovers in three distinct historical periods .
All the magic in the world is in the first section .
While it 's impossible to deny that the film is interesting and unique , it 's not the kind of motion picture that will cause the average viewer to run out and urge his friends to make a trip to one of the obscure art houses where it 's playing .
Is there another filmmaker who can so fluidly celebrate the moment as well as the epoch , and do so in the same shot ?
Parts One and Two in ` Three Times ' are a stately reflection on how epoch and circumstance influence action and reaction .
A triptych of unrequited romantic tales .
For arthouse cinema fans only . No one should wander into this by mistake . Hou Hsiao-hsien 's slow , subtle , methodical work is not for mainstream audiences .
Synthesizing Hou Hsiao-hsien 's ambivalent relationship with time and memory , Three Times forms a handy connecting arc between the Taiwanese helmer 's earlier work and the increasingly fragmentary direction of his recent films .
Like Wong Kar-wai , Hou 's interest in the unspoken nature of desire means his movie is sensually alive to the way love overwhelms and transforms one 's experience of the world .
-LSB- The first segment 's -RSB- long-take linearity and use of classic Western pop songs -LRB- especially `` Rain and Tears '' -RRB- is wondrously hypnotic and just about perfect .
In spite of its undeniable aesthetic and cinematic value , though , the film lacks the emotional engagement and social importance of -LSB- the director 's -RSB- classic work of the 1980s and early '90s .
The three stories here are satisfying in a novella-like way . These are vignettes with smudged edges , snapshots of feelings , and yet they feel emotionally complete .
Hou captures that new couple exuberance in a way few films have , and the climatic moment here is as magical as they come .
An act of auteurist self-reflexivity in keeping with the director 's belief in the powerful influence of history on the here and now .
Starring two of Asia 's most handsome performers , Three Times , is rich in style and form , but only intermittently involving or emotionally touching


@highlight

Slowly paced , understated , and exquisitely shot , these are three lovely odes to love and longing .