Christian Bale gives a typically half-measured , half-intense performance of a character who is mostly pretty awful but whom Hostiles wants to redeem for no clear reason whatsoever .
The power of its outcome , which moves away from sentimentality and demagogy , resides in the absolute empathic disconnection with the protagonists ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A rare film that wrestles both with history and the way we have told these kinds of stories in more than a century of movies that drew simplistic lines between heroes and villains .
... brutal , elegiac western ...
Hostiles is a film with a strong emotional charge that will leave you thinking . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The journey is beautifully shot by cinematographer Masanobu Takayanagi , but Bale 's genius is wasted-he 's often resigned to looking sullen and straining to recite the clunky dialogue .
Hostiles is not your usual gunslinger/wagon train/outlaw Western .
An insightful , dramatic neo-Western concerning the combinations and permutations of 1800s Caucasian/Native-American racism , and why it 's still good to ruminate on it , in 2018 .
A mediocre western ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You may feel virtuous for having watched Hostiles , but you may find yourself a hankering for a John Wayne movie afterward .
Hostiles captures constant threat beautifully , with riveting moments of action and drama making it hard to predict who will make it out . But amidst great performances and cinematography , it misses the mark with just an overview of its subject matter .
It can hardly be called a `` reinvention '' of the Western , if indeed such a thing is even possible . And that 's fine , because reinvention does n't appear to be Cooper 's objective .
Christian Bale has given another fine performance ... The film 's cinematography captures both the West 's harshness and it 's beauty .
This is a Christian Bale performance that will likely be forgotten amid the dozens of louder ones he 's delivered , as will this movie , but that is perhaps what makes Scott Cooper such a rarity .
A meaningful , harsh and authentic look at the toll the expansion to the west took on civilians , Native Americans , and soldiers .
`` Hostiles '' is a grim and thoughtful Western that evokes the spirit of the genre while having a modern conversation about the cost of brutalizing those not like us .
Scott Cooper uses the Native American genocide as a springboard to show that aggression begets aggression , and only unity can transcend it . It 's an obvious statement , but a noble one .
A violent neo-Western with a message that 's timely for today .
But I 'd hate for you to think that the film does anything radical , like present Yellow Hawk and his family as complicated human beings . The Native Americans here are strictly one-dimensional , which is all Blocker 's redemption requires .
Bale deserved an Oscar nomination for this .
... a strong , if overlong and over-obvious , western ...
The acting is above average , the score is more prominent . At times , the goings get a big sluggish . Just meet the movie halfway and you 'll be fine .
What truly results , in a meaningful way , is an understanding that neither side can claim to be morally absolute . There is no right or wrong , no sense of things being purely black or white .
Cooper 's reach may exceed his grasp with Hostiles , which is never as incisive or as profound as it often wants to be . But he 's made a movie that says America can never come to terms with its divisive hate-filled present unless it finally faces its past .
Works as a contrived but effective parable of the American West , its painful legacy , and small measures of redemption ... But our focus frustratingly remains on the white people and Blocker 's struggle to reach empathy ...
There 's a good movie here , but it 's buried by too many attempts to be something it 's not , most egregiously some kind of great dramatic examination of our treatment of Native Americans .
Add to this group long time performers like Ben Foster and Scott Wilson , as well as the quiet , dignified Studi , and you have a cast that is more than up to the task .
Rosamund Pike gives her best performance ever playing a character who changes from an extremely frightened victim to one of the strongest women I 've seen on screen during the past decade .
Hostiles has great performances , a fantastic and powerful concept , but the pacing is too slow and it comes across as a bit messy and unfocused .
At once an homage to the classic American genre and a challenge to its tropes , Hostiles is a beautiful , brutal Western .
The striking cinematography by Masanobu Takayanagi , enhances Hostile 's vivid contrast between what 's beautiful and ugly in this world , and Cooper 's screenplay ... is a challenging balance between extreme violence and thoughtful reflection .
It offers shreds of hope , something we can cling to even now .
While Hostiles may not be the Western we deserve , it 's at least within a couple of hours ' ride of the Western we need .
Sure , it 's a bit ponderous and obvious . It curiously avoids giving Yellow Hawk and his people human traits . But I 'm not sure it does n't give audiences hungry for a Western exactly what they think they want .
By turns deliberative and chaotic , brutal and merciful , definitely bleak and just maybe hopeful , Hostiles could have ended with its penultimate scene , but it would have been a very different movie .
The new western Hostiles was crowded out of the Oscar circle , yet it typifies the hostility that has befallen American genre films .
Cooper is something of a master of macho poetry-he makes films about taciturn , often violent men who ca n't fully express the depths of their feelings .
There is a feeling of dread throughout : not about what will happen next , but to whom , and by whom .
Hostiles ticks all the boxes of a self-important , would-be epic , and sets them within a film that embodies the bleak = profound attitude so popular in highbrow television series these days .
Hostiles is not exactly a feel-good film . But it features a stellar cast .
A solid and often terrific addition to the western genre . It might not be to everyone 's tastes , but I easily have it in my top ten for 2017 releases . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Interminable and inept .
This movie did n't do as well on the awards circuit for whatever reason but I think Christian Bale gives a lead performance worthy of that .
Director Scott Cooper -LRB- `` Crazy Heart , '' `` Black Mass '' -RRB- once again stays closer to good than great , this time with a well-acted Western that dismisses its violence with a head-scratching whimper at the end .
Should you see it ? My answer : hell yes
It 's a simplistic emotional arc that Cooper portrays with maximum self-importance .
`` Hostiles '' is more in conversation with movies about the settlement of the West than it is about or in conversation with the brutal history of the West itself .
`` Hostiles '' is billed as a Western , but do n't expect a shoot 'em up , even though there 's plenty of gunfire . There 's a lot to think about here , and none of it is easy .
Bale does outstanding work , revealing unexpected depths of intelligence and sensitivity .
Clearly influenced by classic Westerns , particularly the films of director John Ford , `` Hostiles '' is a worthy addition to the genre .
In some ways this is one of the best Westerns in years , both adventurous and tough-minded from writer-director Scott Cooper .
`` Hostiles '' a wasted opportunity .
Overall , `` Hostiles '' is pompous garbage , meant to assuage a nation 's guilt for its treatment of those who were here before us .
When Blocker and his military colleagues refer ruefully to the way it is `` out here , '' they 're talking about the place we recognize as home . That realization helps lift up Hostiles from a routine violent genre piece to op-ed status .
Overall , Hostiles was tiresome and stale . What it really comes down to is that this is not exactly the kind of movie we need right now . Yes , the film acknowledges the grotesque treatment of Native Americans , but they could have done better .
Cooper 's based most of his scripts on perceptive best-selling books . In this case , he reworked an unfinished manuscript by Donald E. Stewart . So what we have is a film about the barbaric birth of a nation from the guy who gave us The Hunt for Red October .
Hostiles is a very serious film , relentlessly grim and unapologetically grave . It also seems to want badly for people to recognize that it 's serious , grim and grave . Like , really , really badly .
It 's a robust , full-bodied experience that is as exhausting as it is envigorating .
In the end there are two messages . One is a message of hope and one a message of despair . Attitudes can be changed , but there are many more attitudes out there that need changing .
Thankfully , Cooper affords the audience enough room to think about the story without forcing the outcome .
To put all this another way : here 's an exceptionally timely neowestern that goes out of its way to press all the right buttons , and ends up being tremendously entertaining in the process
Hostiles is another Western in which Indian characters are props for white man problems .
Hostiles is grim and slow-burn to a fault in its deconstruction of the American West 's violent legacy , but strong performances keep the film on track .
As a handsome-looking western , Hostiles does the trick , but when it tries to probe deeper , it just comes up short .
This harshly beautiful film is equally about his regeneration during the course of a journey that amounts to a parable of humanity trying to climb out of the pit of endless slaughter and retribution .
Bale and Pike find a strange kind of peace within their characters , intuiting how tough it would be to live in a world where death is easier to contemplate than life .
Bale plays hard-bitten terseness in the hammiest manner possible , but as a deranged survivor who joins the caravan , Rosamund Pike delivers the most embarrassing performance of the year .
It 's equal parts brutal and beautiful .
Grim but never foul , taking special care of thematic interests and dramatic intensity , with Cooper visiting a volatile genre with a defined vision for antagonism and darkly poetic renewals of spirit .
The ever-present backdrop of violence between white interlopers and Native Americans is set against the breathtaking stillness and natural beauty of the landscape captured in cinematographer Masanobu Takayani 's panoramas of skies , plains and mountains .
It ... engages the conventions of the genre - including ideas about male honor and egotistical frailty - in ways that feel alert and timely .
Fortunately , Christian Bale 's Capt. Blocker does not have a revelatory `` moment '' where he sees the error of his ways and vows to give up hate . Bale 's subtle performance moves from `` grim '' in increments .
Sure , millions of Native people dead and ancient cultures destroyed , but who has to live with that ? All the good soldiers who were just following orders , that 's who . Wo n't someone think of the white man ?
There are wonderful performances in this film . The quiet dignity that Wes Studi brings to his character is key to making this story work , along with Christian Bale 's portrayal of inner emotional conflicts and Rosamund Pike 's searing grief and rage .
It wants to be profound-to show how people of different ethnicities can learn to get along . But it is told predominantly from the white man 's perspective , leaving it uneven with a patronizing ending .
Necessarily bleak and often terribly unpleasant , `` Hostiles '' is a rough viewing experience . But experiencing it can be rewarding and informative .
-LSB- Scott -RSB- Cooper 's version feels timeless yet contemporary , diving headlong into the ongoing and often horrific impact of the United States ' policies and attitudes to indigenous culture .
the film 's ultimate goal is to encourage us to see past all the violence and recognize the possibility of common ground , of coming together , of seeing shared humanity even within those we have spent much of our lives considering as somehow less than human
An unashamedly slow-burning , meditative film , jolted to life by moments of extreme but considered violence , Hostiles may not have the force of a modern classic like The Revenant , but it 's a respectable addition to the genre .
Hostiles does not make the common mistake of insultingly sentimentalising Native Americans . It looks fantastic , and Christian Bale is at his intense and commanding best playing a soldier destroyed by the cruelty of war .
Capable as the entire cast is , however , their collective efforts ultimately sputter out against Hostiles ' overwhelming , near-airless aura of Importance .
I love a good Western and this is certainly one -- dark , violent but with delicious , faint hints of redemption , reconciliation and even romance coming somewhere along the way .
Fans of westerns will be happy enough here -- with an eventful story and lots of handsome landscapes -- but they 'll know they are n't watching a classic .
There 's a gritty integrity and plaintive poetry to this end-of-an-era western from Crazy Heart director Scott Cooper .
It wants to be a very pro-Indian movie , but has very little use for them .
Clearly , it 's Cooper 's intent to make `` Hostiles '' his `` Unforgiven , '' but what he 's wrought is closer to `` Unforgivable . ''
so embroiled in its sophisticated philosophical wrestling that it -LSB- becomes -RSB- a coolly observed pilgrim 's progress on a terrestrial ship of fools encountering stereotypical dangers designed to bring the protagonists together
There 's a great movie hiding somewhere in Hostiles - one that 's a little shorter and got some nuance . The one being released is a good movie with a few flaws . Good 's still good , though .
Never noticeably bad , but never noticeably good either .
If the sum of the film never rises to the highs of some of its most moving parts , those parts are nevertheless worth attention on their own .
The ultimate impression is of a rough society hacked from unwilling ground by violence in search of capital . Yet there is some hope in a lovely , extended final shot . A good way to finish off the cinematic year .
The best of Hostiles is powerful and memorable , its strengths amplified by Masanobu Takayanagi 's haunting cinematography and Max Richter 's score .
Hostiles is not one for the faint-hearted but much like Clint Eastwood 's representation of violence in Unforgiven , there is no glory to be found in killing here .
Raises some interesting ideas , but it 's too long , too slow and there 's not much inventiveness in the filmmaking .
Its myriad of layers and moral ambiguities are n't sitting right there at the surface waiting to be explored .
Hostiles does n't quite find its way through the rough thematic course it sets for itself .
Bale and Studi lend stature . Great visuals . But I liked this better when it was called The Outlaw Josey Wales .
The true standout is the achingly riveting Rosamund Pike . As Rosalie Quaid , Pike becomes a force greater than the script at hand .
Hostiles is a fascinating and complex exploration of the evolution of the overall morality of the old west .
Bale 's performance could hardly be bettered .
A sincere , thought-provoking drama .
`` Hostiles '' leaves a mark , and Bale gives the kind of smoldering performance that he 's used to delivering . In a heavy film , he brings the weight .
Adorned with an impressive set of whiskers , Christian Bale delivers one of his best performances to date .
Along with another 2017 film , `` Wind River , '' `` Hostiles '' is a welcome story that deals with Native American issues , though what would be even more welcome is Native Americans telling their own stories on the big screen .
It 's vivid and uncompromising at best . And at worst ? You might admire it just slightly more than you enjoy it .
An over sincere second act stops this from becoming the astounding film it continually hints at , but a full-on Christian Bale with a walrus moustache giving it some proper welly still wins .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's another side of this conflict that is n't provided a chance to offer its side of the story .
Cooper intersperses scenes of bloodshed with long scenes where characters have Very Important Things To Say about racism , vengeance and soul-corroding guilt .
-LSB- The -RSB- panoramic expanses reinforce the dream-like , episodic quality of the pacing .
Contains some brutal action scenes , but its focus is on character , and while its message is not a subtle one , Cooper 's slow , somber delivery of it proves quite effective .
Bale is as good as he 's ever been , especially in the film 's final 30 minutes or so .
If you want to deal with the most primal emotions in the most rugged settings , to combine action and soul-searching , this is still the genre to turn to first .
Every single action proves overt to the point of superficiality with Hostiles becoming less introspective drama than unsubtle parable .
Bursts of intense violence are punctuated with sometimes tedious blocks of speeches and silence , but `` Hostiles , '' despite its posture of brutal amorality , has a goodness at its core , of understanding and empathy .
Pike dominates Cooper 's draggy , elegant movie with a brutal performance so raw and real it sears the heart .
For `` Hostiles '' to fully make sense of its introductory on-screen D.H. Lawrence quotation ... we 'd need a tougher , less comforting ending than the one Cooper provides .
This movie is the real deal : A full-blooded western , complete with Old West setting , horses trekking across sweeping landscapes and Native Americans out for blood .
If there 's one major oversight in this film , for all its epic scope , it 's that despite its sincerely felt subject matter , everything is seen throughout from the viewpoint of the white folks .
Cooper is known for his work with actors - he directed Jeff Bridges to an Oscar in `` Crazy Heart '' and got good work out of Johnny Depp in `` Black Mass '' - so it 's not surprising that the performances are so strong .
There 's a thin line between depicting and inflicting misery , and `` Hostiles '' crosses the line with its dull characters , its almost-endless tedium and its nihilistic violence .
What is Cooper after here ?
They 're all left to twist in a film that imagines it has the epic historical melancholy of Clint Eastwood 's `` Unforgiven '' or James Grey 's `` The Immigrant '' but instead becomes defined by lugubriousness .
Inevitably brutal , it is strongest on the perils of dehumanisation .
Cooper 's work is consciously paced , with a cold-blooded , naturalistic patter that leaves him divisive to audiences .
It 's also , arguably , the most affecting work Bale has ever done in a role specifically written for him by his Out of the Furnace director Scott Cooper . You know it from the moment he puts those eyes on you .
Cooper does brave , unsparing action scenes . Look away if you 're squeamish . He casts inventively too .
A sincere , thought-provoking drama that rewards the patient viewer and features an understated Bale as a man finally coming to terms with a past steeped in hatred and slaughter .
Christian Bale , repeating for Cooper , plays a ruthless Indian hunter , his flint moving beyond stoicism into a steely hatred toward Natives . Max Richter 's score is a stealthy accomplice to the unrepentant brooding and terrible violence .
Cooper 's western may be too meditative for some , but its grit , beauty and honesty are too potent to ignore .
Rosamund Pike delivers some of her best work demonstrating the manic shock that comes from sudden loss , and how it tips the scales on someone 's behalf mentally
This is not your daddy 's western
... offers a vivid depiction of post-Civil War frontier justice that focuses more on inner conflicts than elaborate battles .
Hostiles is a gripping , violent western that unfortunately neglects its Cheyenne characters .
Hostiles breathes fresh oxygen into a genre as old as a Confederate cough .
A finely crafted Western which does n't flinch from portraying the horrors inflicted during that violent era , and which boasts an astounding performance from Christian Bale .
The bare script seems written by telegram , reducing the characters to pieces on a historical chessboard , and the portentous pace and lugubrious tone of Cooper 's direction take the place of substance .
The continuously astounding Christian Bale is one of our best film actors , and he 's at his peak in Hostiles , a powderkeg of a western , written and directed in a soulful fever by Scott Cooper .
Scott Cooper does well by the genre and delivers a dark but powerful western that pulls no punches and features a great Christian Bale performance .
Cooper ... wants to shock and compel with equal fervor , and it 's remarkable how often he succeeds at doing both .
A film that 's beautifully shot and acted , but also meandering , overlong and only sporadically focused on its central issues .
Luckily , some cliches die hard !
A film ignorant of Indian history and filled with laughably improbable reconciliations .
Hostiles plays out like a classic Western with modern sensibilities . It 's engaging , beautifully shot and features captivating performances .
... within the tradition of revisionist Westerns , in which a generation of movies have effectively apologized for the casual racism and tremendous oversimplifications of the genre in its classic form , `` Hostiles '' finds a worthy place in the canon .
Stunningly filmed by cinematographer Masanobu Takayanagi in the expansive tradition of the genre , Hostiles romanticizes vast landscapes and crimson-hued horizons .
A tale of physical , emotional and even moral survival , `` Hostiles '' deals in people pushed to their limits and then some , individuals marked in the deepest way by the violence of the frontier .
A western that depicts the miracle of turning away from a life of violence , hatred , and anger .
The themes of redemption and forgiveness are both timely and timeless , but the connecting narrative proves a tad episodic , and the erosion of ill feelings and grudging respect , however admirable , does n't feel entirely earned .
It 's not entertaining , it 's not illuminating , it 's not even complicated . It 's mostly just a bummer .
Too much sterile rumination .
A careful and well-informed exploration of the paradoxes that are as integral to the western genre as horses , whiskey and guns .
Christian Bale smolders with obsidian-black fury in this overacted and underwritten western about a U.S. cavalry officer ordered to escort home the Cheyenne chief he once tried to kill .
Lots of violence , some language in Western road movie .
Very much built in the post-Unforgiven mold , Hostiles desires to do for the `` Cowboys and Indians '' half of the mythology what Clint Eastwood did for those no-good , no-name drifters . But the deeper Cooper digs , the more he unintentionally kills its passion .
Westerns can be a tough nut to crack , but Hostiles may be the finest example of the genre since Unforgiven .
Scott Cooper 's Hostiles is a Western film that has been made for 21st Century audiences .
Cooper does n't cheapen the subject matter by introducing `` lighter '' moments that would seem inappropriate . This is an entirely serious movie about important matters .
Cooper effectively builds his tale layer upon layer , and cumulatively the chapters create a landscape of sorrow .
With each additional appearance , Metz seems less like a person worth investing in than a sentient beard chiming in to remind us that we 're watching a morally tortured American western .
Savage and sorrowful , perhaps igniting a conversation about how two opposing forces can come together and move forward in peace and harmony - for the betterment of humanity .
Scott Cooper 's film moves at a funereal pace , implicitly celebrating its sluggishness as a mark of integrity .
Hostiles is a brutal if well-intentioned film that does n't help its cause with its lack of development of its Native characters .
It 's an exercise in strained seriousness , the potential ironies and dramatic tensions lost in a repetitive , episodic , and politically vapid narrative .
With an exceptional lead performance by Bale and some of the year 's most stunning cinematography , Hostiles ruff-and-tumble world is worth visiting .
This latest incarnation of the great American Western finds its truth in the tangled roots of our own mythmaking .
Christian Bale does a star turn as a macho soldier in this sometimes beautiful and sometimes flawed western .
A solid addition to the post-Unforgiven western .
This is a somber , contemplative , steadied film infused with resonant , modern social commentary . Overall , Hostiles gives a fully satisfying audience experience .
Between bouts of violence , it 's a dull journey
Hostiles is as poetic as it is ferocious , and entertains while being thought-provoking .
`` Hostiles '' is a harshly eloquent piece that is well peppered into our less than enthusiastic film year . For a cinephile , there 's plenty to chew on as it examines the nature of violence in all its American glory .
Hostiles uses offensive tropes and a white perspective to make its inclusionist point . It wants to be progressive , but it relies on regressive means , and that ends up negating its goodwill .
The slower tempo means the out-of-nowhere attacks and shoot-outs hit harder , and some of the imagery is straight-up horrifying .
Hostiles is overbearing in its bleakness & while there can be a cinematic beauty to such barbarity & profundity to the pain , this struggles to be stirring & poignant , leaving just this sense of desolation which is almost suffocating to the viewer .
Gorgeously photographed and well directed .
Boasts a subtle , nuanced turn by Christian Bale .
No doubt Joe and Rose 's stories are interesting and compelling , but there persists this nagging feeling that their characters are somewhat co-opting this story ... and Hostiles tests the patience of its audience .
Hostiles acknowledges that American history is steeped in blood and hatred but still searches for signs of hope arising from the ashes of countless atrocities .
A flawed , but interesting drama .
`` Hostiles '' ultimately falls back on the same one-dimensional archetypes , depicting Native Americans either as ruthless savages or as stoic sages , with nothing in between .
Clearly , Cooper 's historical intentions are well founded and justified . No one would argue that point . We just wish the final product were n't so problematic .
`` Hostiles '' finds its footing as it begins to reckon with the moral underpinnings of the Western genre .
A mournful , sorrowful , persistently powerful Western set in a world of beauty , tears and blood .
... this well-intentioned revisionist Western is still a chore to get through .

@highlight

Hostiles benefits from stunning visuals and a solid central performance from Christian Bale , both of which help elevate its uneven story .