Made for tween girls .
Vapid story , shallow concept , bad acting , unoriginal characters , and a climax so cheesy I had to shut it off to keep from kicking in the screen .
Duff carries off the lead role with confidence and grace , exuding a kind of fresh-faced naiveté not often found in other young female stars these days .
Duff 's sunny disposition makes her a likable movie presence , but I 've yet to see anything from her ... beyond a ` let 's put on a show ' high school drama club enthusiasm .
10 Reasons Why You Should -LRB- Or Should n't -RRB- See Raise Your Voice ...
In watching the anemically manipulative Raise Your Voice , one would n't mind calling for a touch of well-needed laryngitis .
It 's ` Fame , ' ` Footloose , ' ` Peyton Place , ' and ` Hilary Duff 's Greatest Hits ' rolled into one moist glob
... very predictable ...
This ai n't Fame . It will not live forever .
Nothing to sing about .
It 's all very formulaic and fatuous .
This film is nothing more than a series of cliches strung together with a lot of shots of Hilary Duff in tight tank tops .
Dubbed this year 's `` Fame , '' Sean McNamara 's film has very little in common with the terrific 1980 movie . **
Hilary Duff 's latest vehicle ought to be a hearse carrying the ashes of her career .
Hilary Duff finds `` Fame '' amid this tepid , tremulous fluff , aimed specifically at ` tweens .
Sean McNamara directs this pleasant piece of fluff that is aimed at teens .
Raise Your Voice is like a Hallmark movie of the week produced by an MTV intern .
A sanitized version of `` Fame '' for the pre-teen set
When Homer Simpson takes a can of Duff beer and crushes it against his thick skull , it 's curious how the resulting object has all the dimension of one of Hilary Duff 's roles .
I like Hilary Duff , she 's very charming , but she 's stuck on this after school special level with these movies .
Proves Hilary Duff is here to stay . Is it corny at times ? Definitely , but sometimes corn is good for you .
Simple earnestness is one thing , but this film makes Touched by an Angel look like David Mamet .
It has no spark , no wit , and no purpose other than to convince the world that Hilary Duff is a celebrity . I was n't buyin ' it 19 months ago , and I 'm not buyin ' it now .
`` Raise Your Voice '' is nothing to shout about . But it 's nothing to shout down , either .
-LSB- Most viewers -RSB- will be left wondering , between endless soundtrack-selling video montages , how a girl with such a wispy baby-girl voice got into a serious music program .
This is for Duff 's already committed audiences , which presumably consist of the young , the innocent and the commercially acquisitive .
All we can do is marvel at how the mighty -- Northern Exposure hottie John Corbett -LRB- as a weirdly flirty music teacher -RRB- and Risky Business babe Rebecca De Mornay -LRB- as Duff 's frisky aunt -RRB- -- have fallen .
Even the kindest reaction to Raise My Voice is likely to be ` shut your face . '
To be fair , the normally likeable Duff gives an adequate performance , but the poorly executed scenes in which Duff 's singing voice was clearly post-dubbed and her own lack of emotional range keep the film from rising to whatever potential it may have had .
The music in Raise Your Voice ... manages to bring home what the uninspired script does n't : Something in you dies if you do n't express your musical talent .
A teen movie so inspirational and heartwarming that it comes with its very own lip gloss .
It 's particularly good at capturing that time of life when you simultaneously believe everything is possible and that each tiny misstep is the end of the world .
Duff at 17 is so easy to take . She radiates without smugness , like the blessed offspring of Marilyn Monroe and a virile marshmallow .
Under Sean McNamara 's direction , the film seems sappy and superficial , a voice barely raised to a whisper .
An earnest and eager Fame for the young and the tin-eared .
One could be forgiven for thinking of Raise Your Voice as a Disney Channel special that was mistakenly spun out into the multiplexes .
A film that 's really just an infomercial for a soundtrack .
Overlong , blandly soporific movie .
Not since the students spilled out onto the streets in Fame has musical performance been so infectious a part of coming of age .
The filmmakers make a big show of striving for sincerity and substance , but they so load the dice that their movie is heavy-going from start to finish .
Gives Duff another chance to play a contemporary Cinderella , but she still is n't able to find real character depth . Then again , the script does n't demand much of her .
A boring , badly written , cliche-heavy outing with lousy production values , various moral messages unfit for childhood consumption and songs from the known-carcinogen school of pop .
A miserable waste of a harebrained script fleshed out with mediocre performances by a flailing cast .
The film suffers from a syndrome I 'll call the Pop Princess 's New Clothes . Hilary ca n't really sing , and neither can Terri , so you ca n't help but wonder , what 's the big whoop ?
What Hilary Duff will do when she grows up is anybody 's guess , but for now she 's the Duffinator , and things could be a lot worse .
Like most performers who chuck TV fame for the big screen , -LSB- Duff -RSB- follows one grim vehicle -LRB- A Cinderella Story -RRB- with this even worse one just a few months later .
If it 's possible , each successive Hilary Duff film seems to become more formulaic than the one before ... just as each has become more predictable and treacly .
Her dad was right about one thing . Something terrible did happen to her in Los Angeles . She made this movie .
If it were n't such a crippling cliché it might be moving , but it is insanely trite and not poignant at all ; worse , it 's unintentionally funny .
The movie is the most fun kind of terrible .
More cable fare from Hilary Duff ...
Oh , the comparisons just come so easily : Like Coyote Ugly , only sillier . Like Crossroads , only sickening-sweeter .
The drama in this movie is heightened to ` Dear Diary ' levels , where everything is exaggerated until it 's ` end of the world ' important .
It 's easy to play the middle-aged critic and ... dismiss the proceedings as trite , but for the ... young teens seeing it , -LSB- it -RSB- will seem ... relevant to their own lives .
Raise Your Voice may be about taking a chance , but it takes no chances at all .
Ms. Duff 's screen presence and the film 's infectious high spirits will make this piece of fluff appealing to young moviegoers without conveying any sinister messages .
McNamara seems to have no idea about how to move things along at a pace designed to keep us interested .
Both truly wholesome and wholly uninteresting .
The vocal stylings of Duff are particularly laughable ... It 's artificial , it 's bad , it 's a falsetto Max Headroom .
A corny , wading-pool - deep tale about overcoming grief and enjoying a rooftop view of downtown L.A. with a cute English guy with a hedgehog coif .
It 's a sweet and touching West Coast Fame , though it lacks that 1980 musical 's manic energy and excitement .
Bad in so many departments that pointing out the flaws is like shooting fish in a barrel .
Duff has more hairdos than facial expressions , but the movie is designed around the one she has down pat , a sort of sweet `` I do n't know I 'm adorable '' sort of look .
Depending on your age , Duff is either the perfect big sister or the perfect baby sitter . She is not the perfect actress , though .
Effortlessly combining Duff 's bad acting and bad singing with bad writing and bad direction , Raise Your Voice is an insulting waste of time that begs to be silenced .
It 's nowhere near as exhilarating as Fame or even Flashdance , and Terri 's performance skills are less awe-inspiring than the plot requires .
Loaded with so much drama that the story sinks into a grim , sloppy soap-opera mix .
Like the Diet Coke family of lemon , lime and vanilla beverages , Duff 's romantic comedies are all slight variations on each other . This one is a rip-off of Fame in which you can identify the specific scenes being bogarted .
If you 're planning to see Raise Your Voice , lower your expectations . Then lower them some more . Even then , you 'll be disappointed .
Duff ... has sold over four million records and toured to packed houses , yet screenwriter Sam Schreiber and director Sean McNamara , both making feature debuts , set her up to sing just one song through to completion .
It resembles an episode of TV 's Saved by the Bell , with a bigger budget and an underlying religious bent .
-LSB- Duff -RSB- makes me long for the comparatively Dostoyevskian depths of Sandra Dee .
As refreshing as it may be to see Duff shed tears , drop the ` like ' and wear shirts that do n't show off her midriff , this is more of a baby step than a giant leap forward .
Yes , parents surely want a family film they can take their young daughters to -- but not one so bland and colorless .
More annoyingly bland than genuinely awful . However , the presentation of its cute-as-a-button star is genuinely , absolutely , immeasurably awful .
One has to suspend disbelief to an almost incredible degree to swallow any of this movie .
I cared . I cared . Then it was off to therapy . After all , the film 's production company , for gosh sakes , is called ChickFlicks . ChickFlicks !
Sometimes , I wonder why I see these movies . Seriously , when was the last time you heard the words `` Hilary Duff '' and `` great movie '' used together without a mocking tone ?
flavorless ... unappetizing ... torture
Another bland , prefabricated feel-good vehicle for another chirpy Disney-cultivated pop-singer teen queen .
So pure at heart that , even with its over-the-top moments and cliches , one is willing to forgive the flaws and admire all that it achieves .





@highlight

A bland , formulaic tween version of Fame .