Tully is one of the best movies of the year , and here 's hoping the Cody/Reitman/Theron triptych comes together far more frequently after this .
Reitman does succeed at showcasing the sympathetic imagination and flesh impact of his two stars in authentic scenes of domestic mess and cleanup . And Cody attains new legitimacy and veracity as a writer .
Ca n't resist even the most obvious cliches . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A perceptive , bittersweet , warts-and-all portrayal that feels like a love letter to motherhood itself .
-LSB- Tully -RSB- tells you you lot of profound things about the the character with her eyes and her gestures . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Obviously , something is not quite right with Tully , and something is also not quite right with Tully , either . There are too many head-scratching moments that will pull viewers out of the action .
-LSB- Diablo -RSB- Cody does n't rule out messing with the viewer if it means enhancing the meaning or making a film more visceral . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In Tully ... Cody and Reitman build a metaphor for the woman that every mother temporarily loses sight of when she becomes a mother . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It should n't come as a surprise that Cody wrote the script after having her own third child , or that this excellent ode to self-care ranks among her finest , most mature pieces of work .
While Mary Poppins 's magic is of the wholesome Disney variety ... it 's not that different , conceptually , from Tully 's effect .
The finest moments of Tully play like an insight to this female future of storytelling .
-LSB- Tully -RSB- demonstrates how something can be so taboo that we go through great lengths to repress ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Clever yet sincere , a masterful Theron performance , and it balances it light and shade pretty well . Just do n't see it if you 're thinking about having kids .
Pleasant , bittersweet and comforting ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is , perhaps , -LSB- Charlize Theron 's -RSB- best performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tully is a funny , raw look at motherhood we too rarely see , and one that we 'll likely remember for a long time .
Tully endorses the very conditions it pretends to expose .
Cody delights in placing zingers in Marlo 's mouth without resorting to the full takedowns of her targets you know she wants to launch into .
If who you were is who you still are is an existential question Tully raises with Charlize Theron as its center and forces you to wonder for yourself , too , whether you 're a mother or not .
As a portrayal of postpartum depression , Tully is a success-simplistic at times , but an admirable gut-punch nonetheless .
` Tully ' will tug at your heart .
This is a worthy character study and it 's hard not to feel sympathy towards Marlo and her plight .
Charlize Theron delivers ... Tully is exhilarating stuff .
History does n't always repeat itself ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron is at her best ! She is beautifully engaging and delivers the character with her entire Being .
-LSB- Writer Diablo -RSB- Cody locates lots of lovely comedy in the harried , hamstrung , and harassed .
Theron is once again a chameleon ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The script is written in a clumsy and primitive way , a pattern that gets worse as each scene goes on . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
While this is n't a particularly cheery movie for an alleged comedy , it 's a finely tuned work that provokes without tipping itself over the edge .
Tully goes in its own direction in such a way that you will either love it or hate it .
Theron is wonderful , sympathetic even when she 's being unreasonable , and her joined-at-the-hip chemistry with Davis makes the movie 's unsurprising surprises work .
`` Tully , '' a nuanced and funny yet painfully truthful film , tells the story of a woman , Marlo -LRB- Theron -RRB- , who has a crisis of self-discovery around the birth of her third child .
Tully comes with both bitingly sharp on-the-nose observations and a touch of fantasy , each handled with a mix of intensity and light heartedness - it moves and uplifts , and reminds us we 're not alone .
But the chemistry between the two actresses is so strong , and the story is so affecting , the unresolved elements of their relationship do n't matter nearly as much as one might expect .
A beautifully-observed slice of domestic life with a powerhouse of a central performance
The scenes between Theron and Davis are so gorgeously written , they kick out new space in the studio apartment usually occupied by female character . And Theron is chewing it all , even using her physicality in a new , fascinatingly schlubby way .
Tully has an extraordinary construction of characters that manage to transmit the melancholy of a mother 's difficult journey that is n't neatly resolved by a nanny . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
While all of this will understandably keep many Christians away , it 's fascinating how much Biblical wisdom is nonetheless contained within this profane , at times painfully authentic picture of depressed midlife .
Theron 's performance keeps Tully 's warts and all portrayal of motherhood on course , even when the film 's plot mechanics threaten to derail it .
Director Jason Reitman and screenwriter Diablo Cody 's fourth collaboration together feels like the perfect third part of an unofficial trilogy they began with Juno and Young Adult .
Tully has enough lived-in performances and sure-footed observational truths to withstand the plot mechanics .
This is all about Theron and Davis , who work beautifully well together and should see you past the supposed script problems .
The reason Tully works is because of the sparkling chemistry between Theron and Mackenzie - it makes you want to spend time in their company , and that 's largely due to two amazing , fearless but understated performances .
Theron is predictably terrific , throwing herself into the central role with a commitment that has become her trademark . She reads the tragic darkness of Cody 's script with a naturalism that smooths out its occasional , rather arch , edges .
The real twist would have been if we had been able to watch and appreciate how Marlo had to actually earn her ever-after the old-fashioned way .
The emotions Tully surfaces are n't comforting , and they have less to do with the actual realities of motherhood than with the idea of motherhood as something that leaves you forever changed and cut off from your younger self .
Tully quickly becomes condescending and cruel - the script 's mean-spirited jokes mocking 21st-century suburbanites are intensely off-putting .
Courtesy of a willing , winning performance by Charlize Theron and the crack writing-directing combo of Diablo Cody and Jason Reitman -LRB- best known for their first collaboration , Juno -RRB- , Tully is actually a funny , vibrant and enlivened screen experience .
An extraordinary dramedy about an aspiring supermom who discovers the importance of self-care and the value of the sameness of everyday life .
Cody and Reitman have really broken ground with their portrayal of motherhood here . It is n't soft-focused and sacred , but neither is it laugh-out-loud funny . In Tully , motherhood is messy and noisy and difficult as hell .
Mary Poppins by way of bleary-eyed Middle America , substituting the idea that life gets better - or love means sacrifice - for a childish fantasy involving the healing powers of a 20-something , Greta Gerwig-type free spirit .
Do n't be misled : this is no comedy . Tully is a psychological drama about motherhood - without the gloss . It 's raw , painful and confronting . But there is beauty in the pain as we partake in the journey and reach the destination .
Charlize Theron takes the Fury Road offramp and heads to an even more apocalyptic setting in Tully : a nightmarish future dystopia for prospective parents .
A grounded , sympathetic and often grimly comic portrayal of motherhood .
The film balances big laughs with a melancholy air of dreams deferred .
Tully is a real film that does n't hold back or censor the truth of motherhood .
The dialogue bubbles with black humour , harnessing all the rage in Theron - her best quality as an actress , as it was Joan Crawford 's - to ferocious , hilarious effect .
Tully ... -LSB- is the director duo 's -RSB- most grounded and visceral work yet .
Mary Poppins it ai n't .
An offbeat ode to motherhood .
The perceptive performances of Theron and of Mackenzie Davis ... are beautifully played .
It 's a slight story enlarged to universal dimensions by the sharpness of Cody 's dialogue and the acuteness of her insights into the domestic pile-up that constitutes Marlo 's day .
Maybe with a revision or two , that twist might have worked . Sadly , though , it just does n't .
Make no mistake : Tully is not a witty , wacky comedy about how tough it is to be a mom -LRB- though that is its subject -RRB- . It 's a tender , dark , intermittently funny film about the choices people make and the prices they pay .
Things stall on occasion , but a treat is always just minutes away . If there 's any good in this world , dragged-along viewing companions will resort to rarely displayed gratitude .
Tully is a continually engrossing examination of parenting in the modern era .
An intriguing , effective , engaging drama .
For those with an appetite for an early-summer movie with heart , but no costumes , `` Tully '' will take care of them , too .
It goes where few films about parenthood go , acknowledging that you can love your kids and still feel that you 're in over your head ...
-LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron takes to this role the way she does most of her other ones , by throwing herself headlong into her character 's space and inhabiting them as fully three-dimensional people .
Bold and vital .
Warning : Genre : Confirmed-batchelor horror . See only if you 've decided beyond a shadow of a doubt that you 're definitely having kids . Charlize Theron rocks regardless .
Tully fails on every level except one : Charlize Theron wakes it from its lethargy , takes it by the jugular , and squeezes until it yells .
For those who have had a rough go raising kids , Tully might require a trigger warning .
It is strikingly refreshing to see women relating to one another nicely on screen , and Marlo and Tully 's burgeoning relationship and candid banter present a surprisingly empathetic and extremely well-observed discussion of life ...
Tully is a walking film script , and the best thing that can be said about the film is that a group of very talented actors works very hard to make its contrivances pass as plausible .
Tully is a rich , rewarding and raggedly honest delight .
Reitman 's best film in years and a reminder of everything that made him such a promising , celebrated filmmaker a decade ago -LRB- Broad Street Review -RRB-
`` Tully '' raises more questions than it answers and that is a good thing and a bad thing . Good because it provides food for discussion ; bad because it makes the film confusing and disappointing .
Like a baby taking a morning and afternoon nap - `` Tully '' turns out to be too good to be true .
Theron , who gained weight to do the film , delivers all Cody 's smart lines with the smartness they deserved .
Tully is emotionally complex , bleakly funny and only slightly depressing .
The dark script puts Marlo 's frustrations on a very slow boil but it builds to a spectacular climax and the Oscar winner makes it almost impossible to look away .
Theron delivers a raw , real portrait of motherhood -- naked not just physically but emotionally .
Outstanding performance by Theron . After what seems like an interesting , entertaining , well above average dramedy , a reveal in the last moments causes one to wonder if something metaphysical has been going on here .
Fearless Charlize Theron is a chameleon , but this is certainly not your typical Mother 's Day movie .
Profoundly moving and unforgettable .
Reitman does n't embellish . He allows Cody 's screenplay and Theron 's withered , fearlessly unfettered magnificence to do all of the heavy lifting .
They do n't make movies like this ... intricate and authentic .
In `` Tully , '' the cynicism about the supposed undiluted joys of motherhood rings true , or at least truer than in movies that do n't admit such a station in life can be less than paradise .
... a sharply observed tribute to maternity that never settles for cheap sentimentality or melodramatic tear-jerking .
The sad fact , however , is that , as Tully proceeds , it tumbles into clunkiness , and there 's a desperate unsubtlety to the improvement in Marlo 's lot .
Partnered with another powerhouse performance by Academy Award winner Charlize Theron , who worked once before on Reitman and Cody 's `` Young Adult , '' the mojo and groove seem to be back in this touching tale that will garner both laughs and tears .
It is difficult to describe , for who wants to see a film about postpartum depression ? Of course , Tully is much more , so much more than that .
Conceals a tender heart within an outer skin of sandpaper .
It excels as a family drama , a dark comedy , a friendship story , and offers surprises in each of these categories . Here 's hoping that we have n't seen the last of this trio .
Inside Tully is a darker , more daring film trying to get out . There are startlingly original moments , but it 's as if writer Diablo Cody and director Jason Reitman chickened out in the end and plumped for whimsy and sentiment .
Tully is a darkly funny and surprisingly provocative meditation on motherhood and the often untold pressures that it entails .
A definite must-see . Loved the movie , the premise , the dialogue , the relationship of the two main characters . Love it all until it goes suicidal & implodes at the climax .
Despite Theron 's bold , aching performance , Marlo remains an avatar of some more general experience . The richness of her ambivalence and the humanity of her predicament are just apparent enough to frustrate the vast appetite for their fuller expression .
-LSB- Tully goes -RSB- beyond the experiences of motherhood , and into the pain of losing your youth forever to the curse of irreversible adulthood .
Female stars shine in dark comedy about motherhood .
The act of tending an infant is handled with some of the grimmest humor this side of Eraserhead .
`` Tully '' will not only give beleaguered moms someone to root for , but will also handily entertain anyone else who happens to watch . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Featuring a powerhouse performance from star Charlize Theron , and some wonderful and legitimately surprising twists and turns .
Diablo Cody 's latest wades in empathetic depths before drowning in the shallow end of the pool .
Tully is the work of older , wiser artists , anchored by a lead performance that 's among the very finest of Charlize Theron 's career . It 's one of the best films of the year .
Filled with raw truths about the maternal condition , with a plot twist that suddenly rears up out of the story and transforms everything that came before it .
An intriguing yet not-entirely-successful drama ...
Tully makes every hackneyed baby montage you 've ever seen look even worse by comparison .
Reuniting director Jason Reitman with writer Diablo Cody , Tully is perhaps the crowning achievement of the `` motherhood sucks '' movement started a decade ago by French author Corinne Maier .
`` Nanny McPhee '' with F-bombs .
Equally raw , funny , and resonant .
Charlize Theron 's portrayal ... is nothing short of brilliant , and certainly Oscar worthy . Adding Diablo Cody 's screenplay and Jason Reitman 's direction equals a trifecta supreme .
Cody 's writing has never been better .
I do n't think it 's a stretch to propose a Charlize Theron Day . The actor has been so good , for so long , that she deserves at least 24 hours ' worth of recognition .
Theron and Davis are magic together , with Davis projecting a warmth that rounds out Theron 's character 's harsher edges . They 're a dynamite team .
A love letter to everything mothers sacrifice . And not in the stereotypical movie way of the harried cliche . It 's not good or bad . It 's just the reality of prioritizing children , no judgments .
A film about the extraordinary nature of ordinary lives , `` Tully '' is unfiltered and messy and altogether kind of beautiful .
It 's more than watchable , but also almost dispiritingly obvious and simplistic , by the end . Truths are stated , lessons learned , and platitudes spoken .
Tully is emotional , unexpected and very good indeed .
Great stuff .
Though ` Tully ' is billed as a comedy , there 's nothing funny about the slings and arrows of the outrageous motherhood portrayed by a fine Charlize Theron . In fact , if and when you think about what really happens to her , it 's not entirely cohesive , either .
Cody was childless when she wrote Juno and she 's now a mother of two . It shows .
Suffice to say this is a take on the realities of motherhood that dares to go where few mainstream films have gone .
Tully may speak loudly to women who can appreciate the overwhelming tsunami that has smashed on the beaches of Marlo 's middle-aged life , a point at which the door has all but slammed shut on her youth .
Tully may have its discomfiting aspects , but it 's also a clever and entertaining engagement with common workaday weariness .
This is a comedy with a hard , bitter twist of drama .
A film that 's full of surprises , the greatest being how it understands , absorbs and expresses the mind-dulling , soul-stirring ecstasy of parenting .
Through magnificent writing , Diablo Cody brings characters brimming with emotion to the forefront of her films.Tullyis no different .
All I can say is , may Theron and Cody continue to make witty and whipsmart films about complicated , flawed , and deeply relatable women going forward . Oh yeah , and that Reitman guy can come , too .
What saves the movie from unbearable smugness is the lovely duet of Theron and Davis playing their deepening partnership without either posturing or a disclaiming wink at the audience .
It 's one of the more viscerally accurate portraits of parenthood , and specifically motherhood , that the movies have recently given us .
-LSB- The -RSB- deceptively simple story takes on a range of unpredictable moods and shadings : wryly funny , claustrophobic , emotionally shattering . It 's never quite clear where Tully is heading until , in a revelatory moment , it gets there .
Even the most resourceful , imaginative filmmaker would be hard-pressed to redeem Diablo Cody 's screenplay .
Theron is a real pleasure to watch throughout the film , deftly alternating between her darkly comic jabs and intensely emotional sad moments while expertly conveying the exhaustion that mothers endure .
Tully provides a climactic moment that 's wholly misguided ...
Sharply but lovingly observed with Cody 's shrewd wit and enormous compassion for its characters , `` Tully '' is as welcome in theaters as its title character is at Marlo 's door .
Reitman reunites with Diablo Cody ... to give us something we did n't know we wanted : a mash-up of Mary Poppins and We Need to Talk About Kevin .
An emotionally deep yet concise rumination on the nature of modern motherhood , on the inherently false premise of doing it all , of having it all and making it look good .
Mr. Reitman has recaptured the delicate directorial touch he misplaced after Young Adult , while Ms. Cody 's multi-edged sword of a script sends its characters down the damnedest surprising paths .
Charlize Theron , Mackenzie Davis , director Jason Reitman and screenwriter Diablo Cody whip up the great existential-crisis Mother 's Day movie . It 's funny , touching and vital .
A first-rate comedy-drama about the joys and challenges of motherhood that both provokes and entertains .
Compared to sanitized Hollywood depictions of motherhood , this is messy and daring in all sorts of ways , and it 's the nicest early Mother 's Day present we could wish for .
Though the ending is a little heavy-handed , Diablo Cody 's smart , funny dialogue makes Tully an enjoyable watch even when it 's uncomfortable , and Charlize Theron gives a strong performance as an exhausted , burnt-out mom .
This is a film about mothers and motherhood , but through its stubborn empathy , even people who will never be parents have some idea of just how exhausting and unfair it can be .
Tully is that rare movie that I wished were longer , in order to spend more time with two fascinating characters who could potentially have been part of one mother of a tale .
Honestly , I 'd have written this off completely if it were n't for the actors .
While Tully is a comedy , it 's dark , dark , dark ! As you watch , you may find yourself thinking , Wait ... should I be laughing at this ?
`` Tully '' is an uncommonly intelligent , amusing and honest portrait of motherhood , thorns and all .
Not many films address motherhood with as much irreverence and insight as `` Tully . ''
Charlize Theron is marvellous as Marlo ...
More often than not , Tully comes across as a group of relatable characters marooned in a story with nowhere to go .
Ms. Theron and Ms. Davis make a pleasurable , watchable pair - Ms. Davis is obviously happy to be the moon to Ms. Theron 's sun - but `` Tully '' is n't really interested in the sustaining joys of female bonding .
What holds the film together are a couple of really strong performances by Charlize Theron and Mackenzie Davis . They have a terrific , and unique , chemistry that helps smooth over a few rough patches .
-LSB- Tully -RSB- features Cody 's hyper-verbal brand of snark , cynicism and subtle poignancy , but it 's tinged with the wistful perspective that comes from hard-earned maturity and experience .
Yet that tiny slip can not undercut a charming , touching , and deeply compassionate depiction of modern middle-class motherhood .
Theron , who gained almost forty pounds for the role , conveys the utter exhaustion and physical toll of childbirth and child care with numb perseverance , love drowning in the chaos of breast milk stains and stationary Lego assaults .
Theron and Davis are the heart and soul of Tully , a pair whose onscreen chemistry flickers with a magnificent glow .
Captures the complete exhaustion of parenthood in funny and profound fashion .
It 's barbed , bighearted , and brave .
At its spiky , intermittent best , `` Tully '' is the best work Cody has done in the conventional feature format since `` Juno . ''
It tackles subject matter that seldom finds its way to the big screen and does it thoughtfully . It 's not what I expected to see , but it 's just maybe something I needed to see .
Theron does minor miracles in the lead , her eyes registering Marlo 's pride , insecurity , desperation , and rage , all under the smiling surface of the capable mom next to you at the supermarket .
When Jason Reitman and Diablo Cody team up together , the two can do no wrong ... a commanding performance from Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron .
`` Tully '' plays a specific game of misdirection , but it 's another remarkably observed picture from Reitman and especially Cody , who saves her spot as one of the most perceptive writers working today .
Theron 's a perfect avatar for Cody 's irrepressible empathy for her subjects , wounded and loving in equal measure , and she 's hardly been more watchable .
They say you have to experience to fully know what it feels , Theron , in a performance of immense honesty makes you feel every ache , every strain , of her character 's everyday struggles . This is the fiercest of feminism portrayed on-screen .
Tully is still a strong depiction of parenthood that also makes for a startling and entertaining movie .
You can see in Theron 's overly caffeinated eyes and slumped back the layers of loneliness and self-loathing that finally burst through , demanding change . Their truth , if taken seriously , could reorganize millions of lives .
A movie unlike any we 've seen before , one deeply , intimately sympathetic to modern motherhood - to modern womanhood . Brilliantly wise and funny , and profoundly moving .
It 's surely one of the most authentic portrayals of young motherhood that we 've had - and it 's not like that 's a much chronicled subject for Hollywood .
Tully is a serendipitous treasure .
Ultimately , there 's too much sting in Tully to dismiss , and Theron 's fierceness nails this down . The movie is so fervent , it 's a kind of apology for the callowness of Juno .
It 's a compelling performance worthy of an Oscar nomination , but I 'm afraid the film wo n't have enough juice to get -LSB- Theron -RSB- there .
Tully is laugh out loud funny , but it 's also extremely poignant with a meaningful bittersweet touch to it .
There is a deeper dynamic going on between Marlo and Tully that is going to elicit mixed reactions , but also thought-provoking responses , and a bunch of stressed-out mothers are also going to come away from this film ready to hire some night nannies
From these desperate beginnings , writer Diablo Cody and her regular director partner Jason Reitman have fashioned a film with a spiky charm and unexpected tenderness .
Charlize Theron was destined to specialize in bruising comedy .
Despite the rich setup , the plot is undercooked . It 's a cute idea in need of development . The longer it hides Tully 's identity the more apparent it is that it does n't have a story or personal conflict to explore .
I 've seen the film twice now , and while I enjoyed it the first time , on second viewing I found it nearly profound .
Cody seems to be taking aim at the feminist mindset that a woman who raises her children and is not in the workplace is somehow lacking in some social stature or hierarchy .
While the story ends up too neat and tidy , Theron is a powerhouse .
Much but not all of this movie 's good work is undone by its silly and unconvincing ending .
Diablo Cody 's style of turning deeply felt pearls of wisdom into entertaining dialogue feels more natural and confident than ever .
It 's smart , funny and bursting with ideas about the joys and rigors motherhood and reckoning with the past and the future .
Turns out Furiosa had it pretty easy compared to the rigors of modern parenting , but Theron 's fierce performance and Cody 's witty script will have you believing she can overcome anything .
As usual , Cody 's dialogue crackles , but never for the sake of mere amusement . Her insightful subtext stays with you after the laughs fade .
Tully is at its best when it 's simply moving intuitively from one negotiated respite to the next .
Theron holds the movie in her hands and gives it to us like a gift ; one we accept with joy .
That it works as well as it does is thanks to a screenplay that largely drops Cody 's signature sarcasm - so often used to mask painful underlying secrets - for a voice that is much more raw and direct .
Tully encapsulates the psychological process of maturity with pithy humor and vertiginous insight .
It is brutally , hilariously honest about motherhood -- which will make it an important film for the many women who see it and think with relief , `` My god , it 's not just me . ''
Messy , but then again , so is motherhood .
Tully 's strength lies in -LSB- Diablo -RSB- Cody 's signature harmony between acerbic , wry humor , and stark , naked emotion .
But -LSB- Jason -RSB- Reitman and especially -LSB- Diablo -RSB- Cody approach the material with the freshness of filmmakers still learning new things about themselves , still figuring out how to reconcile their grown-up selves with who they may have been in youth .
... a major movie about motherhood in which Cody 's signature sarcasm has deepened into anxiety , exhaustion and wisdom -- she 's truly becoming a voice for the ages .
Reitman handles the material with sensitivity and an unflinching eye for the detail of pregnancy , parenthood and female friendship that 's by turns humorous and desperately moving .
A delightful return to form for Jason Reitman . Diablo Cody 's sterling script cracks along at a fine pace , eliciting strong performances and a memorable emotional afterglow .
Theron is astonishingly good , giving a subtle , vanity-free performance full of deadpan comedy and emotional truth ...
Sharply observed but tenderly realised , Tully brings back the Reitman we knew and loved , represents Cody 's finest work since Juno , and reminds us why Theron deserved that 2004 Oscar .
In Marlo , Diablo Cody has created her most complicated character to date . Would that her writing displayed similar richness and empathy in painting the film 's supporting characters .
It 's real and raw , bruising and bleak and honest to fault . All this makes it entirely wonderful as it 's an unapologetic , unwavering , unvarnished look at motherhood .
Tully is a remarkable film for its admirable effort at portraying a stripped down , raw version of the mother wish fulfillment genre .
The Tully-Marlo relationship is born of solipsism and inner drama , and Cody turns out to be amazingly gifted at it .
Tully takes some daring detours that I did n't see coming . And it 's a better , less predictable movie for it .
Despite a premise that welcomes comparisons to psychological thrillers of the past , Tully is an honest look at the tireless situation of one mother , that thanks to its sincerity and universal nature , speaks for the lives of so many others .
With the help of Theron and Davis ' magnetic chemistry , Cody and Reitman 's synergy , and an intricate yet touching story about motherhood , Tully perfectly blends comedy and drama , creating a powerful , tender meditation on societal stigmas .
It 's the mix of the mundane and the mystical in Tully that will likely divide audiences . I wo n't say it all fits together narratively . But I think it works thematically .
The beauty of Tully is that Diablo Cody takes an experience we all go through and intensifies the drama and humor of the situation to the point where she slaps you in the face and says , `` this is you ! ''
Uneven , but Charlize Theron is undeniably excellent .
Tully is both bitingly funny and observant-and a quietly radical statement on motherhood , sure to make mothers everywhere feel less alone .
Theron looked happier driving across a post-apocalyptic desert with a car of frightened slave girls . The terrifying former high school beauty queen she played in Young Adult would glance at Marlo and sneer .
Marlo is an incredibly complex character and Theron has no problem emerging herself into this role .
-LSB- Charlize -RSB- Theron and -LSB- Mackenzie -RSB- Davis are dynamite together , the actresses playing off each other like two sides of the same coin .
Diablo Cody knows her screenplay had to be innovative enough to make that familiar subject matter compelling . The result will feel slight to some and fresh to others , but , most importantly , it never overstays its welcome .
Theron will put to rest any doubts about her feel for comedy ; the darker the better .
Packed with more than a couple of possible feminist readings as regards the parenting/career/life question , the often very funny picture entertains while affording its characters their share of no-laughing-matter concerns .
`` Tully '' has its heart -LRB- and many other things -RRB- in the right place , but by the end you wish it had an imagination finely executed enough to match its empathy .

@highlight

Tully delves into the modern parenthood experience with an admirably deft blend of humor and raw honesty , brought to life by an outstanding performance by Charlize Theron .