Date Movie is the worst movie I have ever seen . I really mean that .
It 's painful .
Everything 's reduced to an inane fart or ejaculation joke .
It 's hard to see through the utter mess that is Date Movie enough to evaluate its acting , but Hannigan seems to be at least serviceable .
There 's not a single laugh to be had .
It 's loud and obnoxious , but too full of itself to be interesting and not sober enough to be truly offensive . -LRB- Unrated -RRB-
far less smart and often less funny than the films it ridicules .
There 's nary a laugh to be found in this relentlessly idiotic parody of popular romantic comedies , which manages the difficult feat of seeming overlong at just 80 minutes .
Looting the key scenes and plot points of hit movies is the bread and butter of spoof comedies , but the script for Date Movie is about as funny as dry white toast .
More shocking than hilarious , this spoof of the teensploit genre offers just enough funny moments to earn this critic 's seal of approval .
-LSB- Mocks -RSB- movies that were much funnier than this one .
... as terrible and slipshod a film as one could ever imagine ...
Get it ? It 's just like that one scene you saw in that one movie , but with poop !
Um filme feito por idiotas com a esperança de que seus espectadores também sejam .
The kind of spoof that does n't so much `` poke fun '' at its targets as it does `` lazily reference '' them .
It 's a perfect storm of not funny .
While the premise of a gross-out spoof of such movies may sound like a good idea in theory , it does n't make a lot of sense in practice .
Date Movie still labours under the mistaken impression that exaggerated mimicry alone is enough to entertain .
The fact is , this movie is just not funny .
Even a constipated amorous kitty and an emaciated corpse left to rot in an urn could n't generate a laugh , and who out there would 've thought a pooping pussycat would prove to be the pathetic pits ?
Alyson Hannigan deserves better . In fact , we all deserve better than DATE MOVIE , a slow-witted assembly of every date movie joke we 've already seen .
Lower your expectations or drink a lot before you watch it .
There 's no level of dumb a person can be that 's too stupid for Date Movie .
Mss Hannigan , who had she not currently been in a hit TV show , might have had her career destroyed by this turkey .
There are stereotypes in romantic comedies and it would seem that a satire of those stereotypes could make for a very funny movie . But that would require actual thought and wit .
This is a deeply rubbish film .
Better break this date .
Take your date to this laugh-less stinker and it may be your last .
-LSB- Alyson -RSB- Hannigan 's spirited performance is one bright spot in this tasteless and sophomoric spoof of more than a dozen movies .
Director Seltzer and his co-writer Jason Friedberg throw everything they can at the audience in the hope of generating laughter , but the only chuckles I heard arose when a screamy , apparently unchaperoned little wild child took a spill .
These are sight gags best appreciated with a blindfold .
Alyson Hannigan makes an adorable lead , but Date Movie only succeeds in making you feel sorry for her and wishing that someone would cast her in a proper romcom .
This is a movie that thinks a hit in the gut is a perfectly suitable punch line ; as such , watching it often feels like enduring repeated blows to your own solar plexus .
You have to be hungry for comedy that 's salty and loud , that hits your palate with all the delicacy of hot grease . If you 're in that mood , a handful of these jokes will likely be just what you crave .
The kind of brutally painful movie-going experience generally associated with the lesser efforts of Rob Schneider .
This crass drag of a dud at best manages to elicit just a couple of half-hearted chuckles over the course of its 80-minute allotment .
It 's kind of amazing that a joke-a-second comedy like Date Movie does n't contain a single laugh , but what 's there has been so thoroughly focus-grouped and market-tested that no joy escapes the vacuum .
The targets here are Hollywood 's bubbleheaded romantic comedies , but director Aaron Setzer -LRB- who co-wrote the script with Jason Friedling -RRB- does n't satirize the genre 's familiar tropes so much as merely re-stage familiar scenes .
A lame pastiche of Hollywood romances .
If their goal was to make a spoof film with heart , the end result has an irregular beat at best .
The comedy seems to have been more typed than written , in that the point of such parody , which is to -LRB- 1 -RRB- borrow characters from other works and then -LRB- 2 -RRB- do something funny with them , has pretty much been ignored , at least as far as -LRB- 2 -RRB- goes .
It takes a certain gall to pass off mere references as jokes .
The movie is not a parody or even a spoof . Instead , Date Movie is under the impression that if it mentioned a romantic comedy or uses the same exact joke from a movie , then it 's funny .
For anyone over 12 years old , this is a date to be missed .
Basically , this drawn-out vehicle is the equivalent of a defective whoopie cushion without the funny sounds ... plays like a string of cheesy late night sketches .
It 's not terrible . It 's not offensive . It 's just ... nothing .
It 's not enough to just make the reference . You 've got to make something funny out of the reference .
It is ultimately an exercise in redundancy , since there 's little point in creating a comedy that sends up other comedies . The end result is more a knockoff than a parody .
The movie sputters along on borrowed gags without improving them .
Sticking it to every ethnic group and sexual preference possible , Date Movie is , at least , an equal-opportunity offender .
Dudes , does a spoof count as a spoof if it 's dumber and more obvious than the thing it 's spoofing ?
The whole thing unravels like a long night of Trivial Pursuit .
Like the worst blind date you ever had
Cat flatulence , worn-out jokes about Jennifer Lopez 's anatomy ... did I say there was a movie here ?
Friedberg and Seltzer 's philosophy seems to be - make fun of other movies first , worry about our own movie second . Of course , that means their movie is no good
Calling it ghastly would be an act of kindness toward this woefully unfunny take-off on the cliches of Hollywood romantic comedies .
Note to the writers of `` Date Movie : '' It 's not enough to reference a bunch of date movies . In order to spoof of romantic comedies , you have to write a screenplay that 's funny . And this is n't .
As an entertainment consumer reporter , I can save you money right now . Do n't by a ticket to see this movie ! It 's only February but it 's a contender for one of 2006 's Worst .
The American moviegoing audience is , by and large , made up of deranged howler monkeys .
Poor Alyson Hannigan somehow retains her dignity throughout , even in the face of ridicule and material that could n't have seemed good on the page , let alone during shooting .
This spoof comedy makes no attempt at being clever with its parodies . Instead , the writers assume that the audience will be tickled just to recognize the movie references presented almost verbatim .
Its plot is thin , its characters are undeveloped , and its acting is Hiltonesque . But the biggest problem with Date Movie is that it just ai n't that funny .
Date Movie has a nascent sense of the absurd but does n't know what to do with it .
Date Movie takes already funny movies and makes them completely unfunny .
This thing does n't have a script . It has a year 's worth of `` In Touch Magazine '' thrown into a blender with some crotch humor and a joke about beating up a homeless man as a way to spend a romantic evening .
It 's terrible . It 's awful . It 's terawful .
Nothing is actually ever satirized , just referenced , and some sequences are so badly executed they 're completely incomprehensible .
Date Movie is stupefyingly unfunny in its attempts to mock romantic comedies , celebrities , reality TV shows and anything else that pops into the heads of its creators .
You 'd be much better off watching any of the films that Date Movie parodies than you would be watching this one .
So bad they should have called it Scary Movie 4 .
Repulsive and repugnant film , filled with bet-we-can-make-you-puke moments , it basically dares you not to run out of the theater screaming .
If a film could suffer from Attention Deficit Disorder , Date Movie would be it .
Date Movie is pretty terrible , not because it 's so awful to sit through , but because of how much better it could 've been in more competent hands .
I laughed a lot at this thing . And I did n't feel as stupid for doing it as maybe I should have .
It 's a uniquely unappetizing combination of unfunny material and unfunny performances .
They manage to miss just about every target .
Any movie that tries to parody Kill Bill and Dodgeball in the same scene is OK by me .
torturously unfunny and thoroughly aggravating ... the year is still young , but do n't be surprised if ` Date Movie ' is the worst film of 2006 .
In addition , there is n't much depth to the story or the characters , but that is the point . They are making fun of other characters in several different movies so you probably wo n't walk out of the film still thinking about the story line .
It 's just February , and we 've already found a film worse than BloodRayne . I did n't think it would happen that fast , but here we are .
This would-be spoof of romantic comedies falls prey to the misconception -- common in modern American humor -- that to make reference to something is the same thing as parodying it .
It might make you laugh . Just do n't go if you want to think . You could really hurt yourself .
Having Oprah scold you while a dentist performs a root canal on you with no Novocain on live national television would be more fun than sitting through this .
The dismaying thing about this spoof of chick flicks is the lack of satirical perspective : you ca n't do irony while assuming the audience knows and cares about nothing beyond a few hit romantic comedies .
The filmmakers do n't seem to know when to cut a gag short and get on with things -- every joke is stretched to the point where it ceases to be funny anymore .
Leave your brain at the ticket desk and Date Movie will likely appeal . Bring it with you and you may as well have stayed at home .

@highlight

In an attempt to parody rom-com cliches , Date Movie ultimately makes a mockery of itself , with juvenile toilet humor and empty pop culture references .