Nice Guys is more than a worthwhile movie going experience .
Such a perfectly enticing mystery detective story . Honestly , this movie has it all .
The Nice Guys is less about characterization , and more about letting two actors loose that have clearly found a groove for turning great material into gold
Replete with nudity and violence , if eccentric crime dramas with a dash of dark comedy are up your street , The Nice Guys is your film .
It 's a wholesome mix of movie genres .
Crowe is better -- and funnier -- than he has been for a long while but Gosling struggles to bring his character -LRB- a hard-drinking single father -RRB- to life , while Black takes the easy comedy option rather too often . Still , I would n't mind a sequel .
They 're flawed but likeable characters , set in an outlandish , ridiculously entertaining story . You 've got to see The Nice Guys .
Who would have thought that Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling would have such great comic chemistry ?
What 's memorable about The Nice Guys is the crew of not-so-nice kids : the 12 - through 18-year-olds who seem remarkably unbothered when bumping heads with coke-addled pornographers .
The Nice Guys is a piece of contemporary cinema that encompasses everything I love about where we are . It 's self-aware , it 's clever and above all else , it accepts the faults of people and uses them to create a story about finding humanity .
From its opening shot , The Nice Guys charms with an exuberant commitment to cutting , panning , and switching between perspectives , establishing the pertinent plot with no filler .
Gosling does a lot of physical comedy throughout the film , and he 's a genius at it . The simple act of busting a glass window with his fist results in a comedy of errors that had me laughing for a solid two minutes
There 's just as many laughs as there are gunshots and Gosling 's slapstick physicality and Crowe 's wry dialogue bring some much-needed light to the dark .
Chances are if you liked Kiss Kiss Bang Bang and similar slacker-neo-noir capers like The Big Lebowski -LRB- 1998 -RRB- and 2014 's Inherent Vice , you 'll be happy with The Nice Guys . Best enjoyed with tongue firmly in cheek .
Take two heavyweight Hollywood stars , cast them in a shaggy-dog story set in Los Angeles circa 1977 and assign a writer-director with a proven flair for madcap action comedy . Voila ! It 's time to get acquainted with The Nice Guys .
Amid countless remakes like Vacation and sequels like Neighbors 2 , which doggedly push for crude atmospheres , this film creates a world that 's pure and naturally absurd .
Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe are a good match in The Nice Guys . But writer-director Shane Black 's screenplay seldom strikes fire .
Major props must go to the film 's production team for recreating the sounds & looks of the 1970s with such matter-of-fact precision ... Some of the suburban street scenes look so authentic it 's as though they were filmed with the aid of a time machine .
The thing that sets this movie apart is the magic that happens between Gosling , Crowe , and Rice .
With a story of smart dips and dives in bell-bottoms over shag carpet and groovy lava lamps , The Nice Guys is sure to go down in history as sophisticated escapism .
An almost perfect attempt to exactly split the difference between Lethal Weapon and The Big Lebowski , except it 's not quite as good as either one .
For a while there , something magical was brewing . In the end , it plays like a particularly raunchy and plot-heavy pilot episode to a '70s - era crime-solving buddy series .
-LSB- Shane -RSB- Black likes his characters and loves the genre and that 's enough to make the tribute / pastiche / affection parody work .
The plot is as convoluted as a Raymond Chandler novel , but Black and his cast deliver the action with such brio and panache that the film remains hugely entertaining even if , like Gosling 's hapless hero , you 've barely a clue what is going on .
Outrageously funny from start to finish ... The two leads play off each other perfectly .
With his third stint as director , Black has found his niche in evoking great performances , and framing engrossing and entertaining stories . The conclusion of The Nice Guys hints at a sequel . Please let it happen .
The Nice Guys is a glorious mess of a movie .
A refreshing film due to its excessive violence and hilarious originality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shane Black 's The Nice Guys is a splendid tribute to mystery films of the 70s , featuring a good dose of black humor and surprisingly great chemistry between leads Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling .
The Nice Guys is a major blast , Crowe and Gosling having the time of their lives bringing all this madcap , blood-splattered lunacy to life .
Too often , The Nice Guys feels like the Funniest Film of 1994 . There are worse things .
The contrast between Gosling and Crowe 's acting styles is the basis for the film 's humor . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Even though a disposable film , it is entertaining as pulp fiction .
Shane Black 's R-rated , 1970s action-comedy is a welcome throwback .
The Nice Guys is the first great comedy of the summer .
Fans of cinema will enjoy all the references while casual movie goers will enjoy the action scenes . . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Watching Crowe and Gosling-who are admittedly enjoying themselves in their respective roles-is fun , but the road wears thin along the journey ...
This sordid 1970 's fast-talking detective noir is the perfect sandbox for filmmaker Shane Black .
A perfect mix of Boogie Nights and Inherent Vice , but without being as dense or as acid as the second one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The cast , the story and tone make this a film worthwhile . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film works perfectly due to the laughs , shootings , self awareness and excellent comedic timing , but also the influence of noir cinema and the work of Paul Thomas Anderson . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The chemistry between Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe makes the movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Like one of those great comedies from the old days . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great comedy , very retro . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shane Black 's best film yet . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gosling and Crowe star in a film as fun as it is absurd . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gosling and Crowe have such great chemistry that the whole film works because of it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A buddy movie full of nostalgia and a great cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the best films of 2016 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- The Nice Guys is -RSB- propped up by the performances , humour , action , '70s detailing , a soundtrack with retro tracks -LRB- by Kool & The Gang and Earth , Wind & Fire , among others -RRB- and a cameo by the dishy Matt Bomer .
An exercise in cynicism and cool . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shane Black makes the most of the sparky and believable chemistry between Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling with his old-school , buddy cop movie .
A comedy that stands out due to its great dose of cynicism and satire of the Hollywood industry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
All about the chemistry between Gosling and Crowe , and the witty script , and the saucy tone , and the vintage textures , and the unexpected comic twists .
... a sporadically entertaining , exceedingly well-acted diversion .
` The Nice Guys ' is anarchic , irreverent , juvenile and sometimes downright uncomfortable , but it 's also occasionally hilarious . ... A provocative film that pretends to be more stupid than it is .
Crowe and Gosling have a wonderful , gruff chemistry here , which is key . If this is the beginning of a Lethal Weapon style franchise for the two actors , count me in .
Cartoon pulp .
An top notch action comedy that leaves you wanting more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director know that in order to make the movie work , he has to include the spectator on the joke . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling represent polar opposites of movie masculinity . It 's one of the reasons why their first film together , Shane Black 's knowing comic thriller The Nice Guys , is such a pungent delight .
` The Nice Guys ' delivers action-packed , retro fun .
A witty but tough noir thriller that offers a greatest hits compilation of the writer-director 's best work to date , as well as something a little bit new .
Not so much a mainstreamed ` Inherent Vice ' as a civilian superhero movie for those who think they 're too smart or ` adult ' for costumed superhero movies .
Full of style and cinema to the top . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unapologetic , wonderful , fun , sacastic and lucid . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` The Nice Guys '' turns on the chemistry between Gosling 's manic detective and Crowe 's tough-but-humorous Healy .
There is an interesting enough mix of verbal comedy and slapstick to keep most amused some of the time and then , well , there 's Ryan who works for so many of us on a different level .
A comedy of groovy errors
The Nice Guys is smart-dumb fun for grown-ups , a mainstream summer palate-cleanser amidst the glut of Spandex-clad superheroes .
It is n't always pretty but The Nice Guys is an unashamedly absurd , self-mocking , guilty pleasure of a film .
These Nice Guys finish last .
More slapstick than gumshoe , The Nice Guys is at its best when riffing broadly on the chaotic chemistry between its chalk-and-cheese male stars .
They may sound like an unorthodox pairing given that we 're accustomed to seeing them in dramatic roles but the pairing of Crowe and Gosling works well .
Mr Gosling is as new to comedy as Mr Crowe , but embraces it fearlessly in a role that requires little dignity and plenty of pratfalls .
As buddy movies go , it has enough irreverence and originality never just to seem like a cynical rehash of a kind of film that has been made countless times before .
The movie enjoys all the politically incorrect pleasures of the Seventies with a knowing chuckle .
Two fun characters played by two great actors with fantastic chemistry together go in search of a movie , and - spoiler ! - never quite find it .
The Nice Guys makes you want to catch hold of the first random stranger unfortunate enough to cross your path and demand that they drop everything and watch it .
I found it laboured , clumsy and for a film designed to provoke laughs , nastily and unacceptably violent .
Director Shane Black may have surprised with The Long Kiss Goodnight -LRB- 1996 -RRB- , Kiss Kiss Bang Bang -LRB- 2005 -RRB- and the first two Lethal Weapon movies , but his latest is a shadow of past glories .
Writer-director Shane Black returns to the comedy-noir vibe of his 2005 hit Kiss Kiss Bang Bang with this riotously funny thriller set in late-1970s Los Angeles .
An absolute joy of a film .
It 's all hugely enjoyable , packing punches and more laughs than most straightforward comedies , and a successful return to the neo-noir well after Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang .
Its over-exuberance is entirely forgivable .
A defiantly old-school action comedy that delivers big where it really counts .
Riotously entertaining action-comedy that combines old-school detective thrills with laugh-out-loud humour and blackly comic violence .
There are shades of The Big Lebowski in its narrative , which spins out to outlandish lengths only to culminate in a bit of throwaway irony .
Funny and occasionally pleasingly absurd , there are no nice guys in The Nice Guys , just a couple of endearing losers who will have you in stitches .
While you 'll probably laugh at the stars ' buddy-movie shenanigans , you 'll certainly hate yourself in the morning for it -- even if this director never does .
The Nice Guys is on another level altogether-wildly entertaining and frequently hilarious . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
A fun but admittedly violent comedy that features a truly great standout performance by Ryan Gosling .
When it comes to buddy/action comedies , director and screenwriter Shane Black knows what he 's doing .
After a while , when you 've given up on laughing out loud , you start smiling for those old-fashioned reasons : you 're enjoying the characters and the scrape they find themselves in .
For a knockabout farce , The Nice Guys scores high on the charts .
A crime tale that leaves the screwball comedy bruised and bloody with a retro reinvention of sorts .
... a wonderfully loopy buddy comedy ... Black 's thing remains shaggy-dog humor mixed with offhand bursts of violence . Crowe and Gosling channel the nitwit camaraderie of Abbott & Costello
Fun , violence , crazyness , awesome production values and a cool main cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shane Black 's crisp dialogue , a gift he uniquely has , is a standout and does a solid job in the directing department and keeps the action moving , but it 's a sense of Deja vu
The very notion of Healey and March 's working relationship is absurd but writer-director Shane Black and co-writer Anthony Bagarozzi construct a script that makes no apologies for its absurd twists and indelicate situations .
It 's such fun watching the pair muddle their way through a labyrinth of bad vibes .
Crowe and Gosling make a good bottom-feeding team -LRB- Gosling especially shows a surprising flair for physical comedy -RRB- .
Their slapstick physicality -LRB- especially Gosling 's -RRB- and wry dialogue is worth a laugh , but is that due to the script or because it 's two serious stars being funny ? I think it 's more the latter .
What may be surprising - -- or not -- is the camaraderie between Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe . Their comedy is akin to Two Stooges .
Writer/director Shane Black is back with another Private Eye flick and this is a good one ... overcoming a byzantine plot that never really does make any sense with a witty script , fine acting and directing , and terrific cinematography .
They are n't cops , they 're just scumbags of slightly different shades . But the odd-couple dynamic is straight out of the Lethal Weapon playbook and it still works a charm .
Gosling and Crowe are great in a movie that is only good .
Now , I 'm not saying every gumshoe yarn needs physical comedy , but The Nice Guys makes joyous use of the stuff .
A gritty , cynical , hilarious , and mostly satisfying bit of L.A. noir , Shane Black 's The Nice Guys sees the bad boy writer-director make a slick return to his signature brand of buddy action comedy .
Makes concessions to nothing and nobody - it is about as pure an expression of the writer/director 's sensibilities as you could ask for .
Quick on its wits and fast with its fists , this is Black firmly back doing what he does best . And nobody out there does it better .
Shane Black 's passion can never quite be contained within the boundaries of good taste and I love that about him .
The jokes are funny , but consequences still feel real , and that gives the story a level of depth hard to achieve in screwball comedies of this ilk .
A cool little neo-noir gem .
Rude , raunchy , violent and very funny action-comedy-mystery with two great leads and a surprisingly terrific newcomer . All in all , I 'd call it good unwholesome fun .
Meekly mustachioed Ryan Gosling and a Russell Crowe slowly morphing into John Goodman make consistently amusing anti-buddies .
The best comedy of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Shane -RSB- Black 's weakest effort in an age , a shoot-from-the-hip P.I. comedy that is n't half as interesting as `` Inherent Vice '' and barely as funny .
Black has a potent weapon in Gosling , who 's at his zaniest here , his moist eyes and drooping moustache evoking the 1990s Nicolas Cage .
The Nice Guys is very much in the Kiss Kiss Bang Bang vein - part thriller , part spoof . And Crowe and Gosling turn out to be very funny , embellishing their performances with some noteworthy '70s fashion items .
The Nice Guys is a madcap ride with some bumps along the way but there is beauty in the chaos .
While The Nice Guys is definitely a popcorn movie front-loaded with cracking comic interplay and surreal set-piece action sequences , the package as a whole packs a pulpy punch that can not be denied .
Most of the laughs are solid and the underlying tone of the film is pitched in such a way that it does n't undermine our inherent investment in the mystery or the appeal of the characters
The Nice Guys is a blast ...
In a competition between Shane Black first directorial effort and his third , The Nice Guys finishes second .
Sliding into theaters between ` Captain America : Civil War ' and ` X-Men : Apocalypse ' , its busted-out protagonists are a long way from spandex-land . This works to its advantage ; ` The Nice Guys ' is a goof and a treat , but it 's also a breath of fresh air .
If you like your films to zig-zag for entertainment , this is an always engaging and edgy work , carrying Black 's signature elements of conflicting textures which created the sardonic action buddy comedy franchise , Lethal Weapon
The tone is offbeat , the juxtaposition of ideas occasionally inspires and goofy moments entertain ; yet overall the film never quite satisfies or rises to the level to which it aspires
Black layers in devilish sight gag after sight gag with smooth pulpy nuance , while maintaining the requisite forward motion .
Shane Black 's The Nice Guys is n't terrible -- it just ducks mediocrity -- but every advance it takes toward quality is made on the strengths of Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling .
The Nice Guys is just pure wackiness all the way through - a straight-up crime mystery filled with hilarious antics and plenty of violence . A perfect addition to the summer movie roster .
Gosling makes an excellent alcoholic fall guy , Crowe , although quite a tub nowadays , is as enthusiastic a thumper as ever .
For those attuned to its amiably sleazy vibe and sudden alternations between violence and slapstick , it offers a guiltily pleasurable way to pass an evening .
With its sloppy plot , fair to middling acting , and a cheesy look of the seventies `` The Nice Guys '' is not a nice movie .
Black strips the `` Lethal Weapon '' formula down to its undies and redresses it with moxie and snark .
The Crowe-Gosling team might stir unhappy memories of what-were-they-thinking ? twofers like Pat Morita and Jay Leno -LRB- Collision Course -RRB- , Ted Danson and Howie Mandel -LRB- A Fine Mess -RRB- or Jeff Bridges and Ryan Reynolds -LRB- R.I.P.D. -RRB- , but they 're a dynamic duo .
Gosling has a knack for physical comedy and self-deprecation that gleefully subverts a decade-plus of rom-coms and Nicolas Winding Refn movies .
Shane Black 's best work yet ... a smart , funny , sexy action movie ... You can tell Black would be happy making films like this for the rest of his life -- and we should be so luck .
The Nice Guys has a riveting mystery wrapped around a balls-out explosive action comedy that undeniably results in one of the funniest and most entertaining films of the year . This is the first must-see film of the summer .
An invigorating sense of style and attitude , combined with a witty script and charismatic performances , give a considerable boost to what could have been a pedestrian noir thriller .
... at once very violent , very funny , and a true original .
a nail-bitingly suspenseful , wickedly funny , and decidedly hard-boiled neo-Noir pitting nihilism against idealism during the candy-colored decadence of 1977 Los Angeles .
A wildly entertaining albeit convoluted dark comedy with witty , funny and crackling dialogue and palpable chemistry Crowe and Gosling .
Shane Black re-writes the buddy movie template and gives Crowe a second chance and a franchise . Lots of nasty , unrepentant violence and hookers . Pure enjoyment .
The Nice Guys is like James Ellroy by way of Abbott & Costello . Frequently hilarious , often surprising , and consistently fun .
... with a winning starring duo and an expertise in grimy , twisty crime stories , Black has made a film that uses its route structure to its advantage to deliver a taste of delicious pulp fiction .
The Nice Guys is an entertainingly breezy buddy-detective romp that steadfast Shane Black fans ought to get additional mileage from .
`` There are never really any new toys in Shane Black 's sandbox but he always plays with them better than the other kids . ''
The Nice Guys has a nice feel : just slick enough to keep from falling apart , just brutal enough to keep from seeming inconsequential .
In the era of comic book superhero over-saturation , Hollywood can certainly stand the originality
The New Guys is fast , violent , and does n't feel like it came out of the summer-movie food processor .
The Nice Guys is a strange combination of what Sean Black does best , but his neo-noir feels awkward mixed with buddy cop .
A heckuva entertaining film .
-LSB- Shane Black -RSB- never lets the film breathe , and The Nice Guys gets smothered by its own smugness .
Why see this film ? Partly because of the leading men , but mainly because of a girl .
Director and co-writer Shane Black -LRB- the grand `` Kiss Kiss Bang Bang '' -RRB- offers up '70s - era laughs by the guffaw-full , including one great bit in which Gosling borrows heavily from the very late and ever-great Lou Costello .
You need to see The Nice Guys for , hands down , the greatest comedic performance of the year . It belongs to Ryan Gosling .
Crowe and Gosling have mismatched-buddy chemistry to burn . Black riffs on LA Confidential , 48 HRs and his own Lethal Weapon script .
You may not recognize Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling in Nice Guys . Here 's why that 's a good thing .
Freewheeling buddy comedy has lots of mature content .
A nice summer treat .
Despite its plot 's mechanical issues , The Nice Guys has all the makings of must-see DVD and Blu-ray , when its long-winded story can be offset by the ability to rewind and rewatch some truly funny moments .
A throwback to an earlier era , when big movies could still have strange little touches and lots of edge .
It has the byzantine plot of an L.A. noir , but races through it with the breathless energy of Black 's other work .
Few genres are more fun than a buddy movie done right . Crowe and Gosling have a blast with these characters and you get to share in the fun .
I 'd say they do n't make them like this anymore , but they just did .
The brilliantly conceived L.A. auto show climax is like a Rube Goldberg action piece .
You wo n't see Captain America and Iron Man squaring off at an airport , but you do get Russell Crowe breaking Ryan Gosling 's arm and then cheerfully downing a Yoo-hoo .
These are smart comedic performances , which more than compensates for the feeling that the pairing is ordinary .
The plot does n't and does n't have to make much sense , as the whole point is just to watch Gosling and Crowe tool around a long-lost L.A. in a convertible , trade quips and insults , and occasionally shoot people .
The biggest problem with `` The Nice Guys '' is that it ca n't decide what it wants to be when it grows up -- a comedy or a violent thriller ?
Crowe and Gosling do exhibit an on-screen chemistry , but I would like to see them together in a better film .
Something of a hip , sexy , violent homage to the comedy stylings of Abbott and Costello , with the roles reversed .
Crowe and Gosling have n't been this engaging or energised on screen in years .
The most fun consenting adults can legally have in a movie theater this summer .
Might go down as the biggest missed opportunity of the summer .
If you enjoyed the banter , stylings , and male bonding chemistry of a bygone era in the first `` Lethal Weapon '' flick , you 'll probably have the same reaction to this . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Nudity , Violence , Profanity etc. - Available -RRB-
It 's not an especially successful film , but here 's a handy tip : if you 're not laughing within the first ten minutes , there 's no reason to hang around for the remaining 100 .
Of all the year 's movies that are not `` Deadpool , '' The Nice Guys might be the funniest . Well , it 's one of them .
It 's all delightfully fizzy , bloody fun - even if there 's the teeniest , tiniest hint of sequel ambitions .
`` The Nice Guys '' flies high on the chemistry between Gosling and Crowe , and Black gives them plenty to chew on . It 's a gourmet summer treat . Nice , guys .
The film is at its best when Crowe and Gosling are on screen together . They create movie magic ; their collective charisma explodes off the screen .
The film works because it swerves and slips and slides around itself with a sort of thrilling abandon .
As an alternative for grown-ups looking to avoid the sequels and general noise of summer , The Nice Guys wo n't finish last . But it could have -- and should have -- been so much more .
It 's a testament to -LSB- Black 's -RSB- confidence as a filmmaker that such odd touches fit seamlessly into this crazy , nimble detective yarn .
The mix of wit , slapstick , and mayhem has some dead-on period detail and some shrewd commentary on contemporary issues .
Shane Black is back doing the thing he does better than anyone else , writing and directing deliriously entertaining action comedies about mismatched partners battling an escalating threat .
This movie starts at full speed and never stops . While there are flaws , watching these actors let loose amid a collage of explosions , gunfire , drugs and filth is just too fun to slight Black for some clichés .
Shane Black 's The Nice Guys brings us a 1970s that 's halfway between Inherent Vice and the Beastie Boys ' Sabotage video , shabby and scrappy and loose .
The Nice Guys makes up for weak characters by consistently subverting the cliches of action movie filmmaking .
Some viewers may find the violence a bit much , although it does lean toward the cartoonish ... Best of all , it 's funny . It 's fair to say that in this instance , Nice Guys do finish first .
It creates great on-screen chemistry between Gosling and Crowe - as brute adversaries who partner up as private eyes to solve a criminal conspiracy . And it blows your mind with its sense of absurdity - even while making the crime caper count .
Because this is set in Los Angeles in the 1970s , we 're supposed to think back to Chinatown and The Long Goodbye and excuse the opaque plot , around which Black 's eccentric gags float like seasoned croutons in bland soup .
The nefarious plot at the core of `` The Nice Guys '' does n't hold up to the most casual scrutiny . Fortunately , about everything else does in this entertaining crime comedy , from the look to the tone to the throwaway details .
For a movie predicated on slapstick forward momentum , we spend an awful lot of time driving backward .
Though the plot here may be a confusing , multi-threaded mess ... it 's occasionally offset by the exuberance with which Black blends splatter and slapstick , and the leeway he grants his two very game leads .
It freshens the odd-couple formula with some nice period and father-daughter twists .
Plenty of general-interest slapstick , wordplay , and buffoonery , adding up to a loopy , well-assembled lark .
Everything has its own illogic in `` The Nice Guys , '' a consistently entertaining , frequently violent and generally slapdash action comedy directed by Shane Black .
Gosling and Crowe do have chemistry , and an obvious sense of humor which gets them far . They 'd have gotten farther , though , if the movie , while at times hilarious , did n't have such an uneven feel .
The concept is solid and Black 's formula for this kind of film has worked before . Where The Good Guys goes astray is in Black 's decision to downplay the '70s as fodder for his script and the casting of Gosling as the quirky private detective .
Crowe and Gosling are having some career fun here . It 's just contagious enough if you do n't expect too much more than that .
The best thing The Nice Guys has going for it are two laid-back , easygoing , deeply likable performances by its stars .
Although it hits all of the usual beats of a Shane Black feature , The Nice Guys does so with such remarkable efficiency , brimming with witty banter , solid action and even a little heart , that it feels totally fresh .
Until going off the rails , The Nice Guys is a locomotive breath of retro air , an action comedy winking while wallowing in slapstick brutality . Punchlines that are actual punches , bones broken funny , that sort of thing .
While the characters are distinctive and charming , and the dialogue is often pretty funny , The Nice Guys is a large step down on the ambition scale from Kiss Kiss .
The sheer chaos of it all is exactly what makes `` The Nice Guys '' such a fun ride .
Strong physical comedy , great timing , winning dialogue and off-the-charts chemistry all make The Nice Guys a hilarious ride .
Perhaps unfocused and off-balance at times , but conveying a sense of buoyancy that 's as cheerfully contagious as it is freewheeling .
From my point of view it 's not a great or especially fine movie , but a good near-miss .
Does it include scenes that some may find painful to watch ? You bet . Will you be entertained ? Thoroughly .
A juicy , slam-bang action-comedy cocktail punched up , pimped out and powered down with rowdy , new-fangled film-noir fun .
Absolutely the most fun you 'll have in a movie theater this summer .
The Nice Guys borrows from noir traditions and pulp fiction , throwing a fresh coat of smart-alecky comedy over the whole thing .
There 's no reason why it should n't be both great fun and warmly human , but alas , it just is n't either .
The Nice Guys is more than a nice time at the movies . It 's a total delight .
It all adds up to The Nice Guys being cool , man , very cool .
Crowe and Gosling save the day . They both look like hell for most of the film , with neither actor demonstrating a wisp of vanity as they throw themselves into this cheerfully nasty mess .
Laughter trumps logic here , and the laughs flow freely .
The porn , the drugs , the smog , the bad haircuts - you can play it for laughs or play it straight . With terrific performances from Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe , Black does a little of both .
The film overflows with quips , irony , and physical gags while at the same time relating a noir-tinged story of seedy corruption set in the neon-saturated underbelly of the 1977 Los Angeles porn industry .
A likably tetchy comedy squinting its way through the chest cough of Los Angeles smog circa 1977 .
The Nice Guys may not be Chinatown , but it could be an updated Lethal Weapon .
Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling make for a great comedy duo in this dark , cynical noir with an unexpectedly earnest center .
Crowe and Gosling are fine , but they never form a genuine rapport . These actors are known for intensity and screen-hogging , not warmth or comedic timing , and here they seem to be moving in parallel but not fully in sync .
An affectionate parody of the sort of mismatched-buddy action comedies that proliferated in the seventies and eighties , better than most of them were .
No , it does n't deliver anything new . But it does bring back something old and for 100 minutes or so , that 's enough .
This run-down , wood-paneled world of AMC Pacers and The Pina Colada Song makes an appropriate setting for this lightweight yet diverting action comedy that , aside from being too long , has the sense not to take itself too seriously .
Even nostalgic nonsense requires more than attitude and energy , which is all that Mr. Black has to offer . And despite all its restless detective work , `` The Nice Guys '' is unable to track down a soul or a reason for being .
The Nice Guys never lives up to the promise of its hilarious first 10 minutes , but Crowe and Gosling are good enough to leave you hoping for a sequel .
The pair bounce so successfully off one another that this feels like a double act for the ages , in a film that actually deserves to spawn a sequel .
Is it fun ? Parts , yes , and many will get exactly what they wanted from `` The Nice Guys '' : violence , wisecracks , a couple of choice sight gags ... plus the usual angry-mismatched-buddy-cops-but-not-really-cops routine .
`` The Nice Guys '' is basically `` Chinatown '' remade by Quentin Tarantino and starring foulmouthed , updated versions of Abbott and Costello , as played by two of the most recognizable male stars of our time . Make your purchasing decisions accordingly .
It 's a bombardment of audacity and outrageous humor that never lets up .
The Nice Guys is another sub-mental movie for morons churned out by the kind of sophomoric Hollywood machine that trademarks the works of Judd Apatow & Co. .
The Nice Guys is funny enough when it sticks to its heroes-whether pinned in a tight spot or bickering with each other-that its less-than-compelling intrigues and digressions come as an acceptable trade-off .
It nicely captures the seediness of L.A. in the '70s , but , despite a very encouraging first act , it loses steam and gets bogged down in its own narrative .
Consistently funny from beginning to end , even as the story eventually runs out of steam .
This one 's a cheerfully violent blast to the past that 's as comfy as a broken in go-go boot .
Surprisingly , as a character piece observing two loners who just might be made for each other , The Nice Guys shines far brighter than expected .
Gosling and Crowe give very charming , lighter-than-air performances .
Boisterous and bombastic without sacrificing the dark cynicism at its heart , The Nice Guys is a violent , propulsive , and knowingly trashy caper that puts a premium on hell-for-leather , hard-hitting entertainment value .
Russell Crowe and Ryan Gosling are clearly enjoying the hell out of each other in this crime caper set in 1977 Los Angeles . So how can you resist ?
Crowe and Gosling are a perfect mismatch . They skulk around Los Angeles like a bear and a weasel who just escaped from the circus .
One of the purest expressions of Black 's aesthetic , a bloody , hilarious , convoluted mystery that 's as funny as it 's dark .
Playing like a spiritual sibling to Kiss Kiss Bang Bang , The Nice Guys is laud-out-loud funny and edge-of-your-seat exciting .
The movie is a throwback in many ways but also proves a dynamic duo can still be just as effective in modern cinema as a superhero ensemble cast . For The Nice Guys , it takes two to make it outta sight .
-LSB- Crowe and Gosling -RSB- become a surprisingly brilliant comedy duo , carrying `` The Nice Guys '' past a few flat jokes , needed edits and a cluttered finale .
An energetically acerbic , sneakily touching joyride through a bygone vision of Hollywood .
Glorious mayhem reigns left , right and centre in one of the best - and certainly funniest - films of 2016 to date .
It 's overlong by about 15 minutes and goes in too many directions at once . But thanks to a groovy period vibe and the A-list stars , you 're along for the ride .
Shane Black 's The Nice Guys does n't want for great exchanges , and even disposable conversations brim with acidic wit .
The duo 's swearier Abbott and Costello routine is an endless riot , fueled mainly by Gosling 's full-bodied nervy cowardice . His high-pitched girlish scream is ever so beautiful .
The Nice Guys , ultimately , might be a little too nice , but Black and his cast really want you to have a ball .
Gosling does enough stumbling and bumbling and falling from balconies -LRB- twice ! -RRB- to earn the term Keatonesque .
Basically , it 's Inherent Vice without the highbrow aspirations , or The Big Lebowski with two Dudes .
In Gosling 's pairing with the laconic Crowe , it finds a genuinely pleasurable pair of losers trying hard to eke out a win .
Watching it you can picture its makers agonizing over the script 's every inch : making sure each quip was jot-down-able , each plot turn surprising , each plant given a showstopping payoff .
Funny , in that casually violent Shane Black way . But Russell Crowe , as `` Saturday Night Live '' proved , has no flair for comedy . At all .
The Nice Guys spends two hours treating Crowe and Gosling like a pair of piñatas , beating them mercilessly and unapologetically , and it 's watching them crawl out from underneath and towards some form of redemption that makes the film a genuine smash .
Shane Black 's ` The Nice Guys ' is exactly the movie you wanted it to be .
Crowe and Gosling nail it and make this one of the year 's most air-punchingly enjoyable movies .
The detective genre has persisted because it has everything you could want from a film - intrigue , action , suspense , romance , adventure and humanity - and Black 's latest delivers all of that .
This feels like a movie I should already be referencing as an example of the type of movie that studios do n't make anymore , but I ca n't because it 's new .
Subversively skewed , this fast-paced action/comedy is filled with unpredictable chaos and wickedly clever confusion .
maintains a breezy appeal despite its mishmash of tones . Black 's vision of burnt-out SoCal crisis is n't about the issues themselves but the flawed people grappling with them .
There 's little else quite like this fast-paced , deeply funny mystery - except Shane Black 's other films
Gosling and Crowe 's breezy give-and-take goes a long way in elevating `` The Nice Guys '' above the moments where cynicism overwhelms the comedy .
The Nice Guys is the perfect , incredibly crafted yet laid-back procedural we 've been starved for .
Shane Black , the buddy action auteur , is back in his wheelhouse-and he 's delivered another inspired onscreen pairing in the blundering one-two punch of Gosling and Crowe .
Based strictly on performance and a cinematic confidence that borders on arrogance , this is a highly entertaining film ...
Ryan Gosling and Russell Crowe , paired up as a goofball detective and hit man , stumble and bicker their way through the funniest roles of their careers .
The BFG feels very much like Spielberg 's Powell and Pressburger film - it 's a picture that could have only been made now , but feels rooted in the past .
An innocent pleasure .
That the film mostly falls flat has far more to do with the largely unconvincing material rather than with the co-stars , who are more than game ...
While their one-liners could be a lot sharper , Crowe and Gosling more than get by on stumblebum amiability .
The sort of cheerfully hostile buddy bash that 's been a staple since the '80s , only this one is singularly clever about its own triviality , and it offers the scruffy pleasure of seeing two great actors dial down their gravitas with style .

@highlight

The Nice Guys hearkens back to the buddy comedies of a bygone era while adding something extra courtesy of a knowing script and the irresistible chemistry of its leads .