It 's trashy , gory , gratuitous , ridiculous , completely far-fetched , and I had a smile on my face the entire time .
Gets by on a unique kind of absurd , deadpan humor in which the most implausible stuff cheerfully happens anyway .
Sure , Crank is totally ridiculous , unbelievable , exhausting , and pretty much just plain stupid , but that 's what makes it fun .
Ranks among the most mindless action films ever made , but scores as a helluva video game .
The super-concentrated silt at the bottom of a chemistry experiment that has no possible purpose to it but to deliver whatever limited jolt of which it 's capable .
Its freneticism ... futilely tries to cover up the ludicrousness of every decision made by its dim characters .
Assaults the senses tirelessly with wave after wave of momentum-building intensity , with Jason Statham enjoying his best role since The Transporter .
You might just want to catch a matinee or wait for the DVD . This is definitely not worth your 10 bucks .
Adrenalina é de uma idiotice contagiante .
Some of the directing touches are fun , but the Grand Theft Auto overdrive wears thin quick .
Safety advice : remember to breathe when you 're watching this movie .
The most fun I 've had at the movies all year .
There are times the film threatens to turn into a good `` bad movie . ''
'D . O.A. ' for the ` Grand Theft Auto ' generation , ` Crank ' is too scattershot to hone in on the cult masterpiece waiting within its brilliant exploitation premise .
It 's a promising concept , but instead of expending effort on , say , a coherent script , the filmmakers lazily rely on cheap editing tricks and gleefully relentless sadism .
A cheerily lunatic slice of B-movie heaven .
At times , Crank is loads of fun and threatens to enter that golden territory of so-bad-it 's - good , but the violence grows far too ugly and is so unrelenting that it becomes tiresome .
Leave it alone , or leave your brain and pocket change at the gate , strap yourself in and just enjoy the ride .
Crank works overtime to be a disreputable bit of pulp fiction , and for the first half or so it 's like inhaling the cinematic equivalent of the film 's title .
There 's pain for him and pleasure for us -- and relatively guilt-free , at that .
Demented , depraved and probably bad for your soul in the long run , the pedal-to-the-metal action film `` Crank '' nonetheless provides a jolt of pure , uncut movie-making .
-LSB- A -RSB- monotonously mindless but colorful caper.Crank is banally boisterous ... jolting junk that strangely is filling in its sneering , rambunctious spirit .
Oh , please , please , Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor , please be at your computers , writing away at another screenplay .
Viewers baffled by stuff happening for no particular reason should probably stay well away .
Like so much contemporary entertainment , Crank is a frenzied distraction that means nothing .
For those who enjoy this brand of wholly mindless entertainment , Crank delivers .
Fans of Statham 's Transporter movies wo n't be disappointed .
The question is n't whether Jason Statham knows how to Crank things up . The question is whether or not you 're willing to go with him on yet another highly implausible , blood-soaked , adrenaline-pumped ride .
` Crank ' fires on all cylinders but is fundamentally just an excuse to piece together a nasty trail of mayhem dotted with morbid jokes .
Elaborately aggressive and provocative , Crank is just what its title suggests : fast , ornery , and exhausting .
More guilty fun than a firkin full of extremely inebriated simians -- if you let it drag you to its level , something it does with the charm of an accomplished sociopath .
Jason Stratham rampages through Los Angeles in this retread of Speed , but for a movie premised on unrelenting action , Crank proves fatally turgid .
A somewhat entertaining movie of the politically-incorrect , testosterone-laden brainless pure action variety .
It boils down to 83 minutes of Chev journeying through LA 's ethnic ` hoods dispatching minorities . Granted the movie ca n't be taken seriously , its cavalier racism is shocking .
A video game of a movie that 's better than most video games .
At times , Crank 's everything-including-the-kitchen-sink-and-then-some approach feels more like a cartoon than anything else .
But as the body count mounts up , the story runs out of ideas , and it goes from crank to crummy .
Is it possible that a movie so utterly without redemptive value , so completely , pointlessly uncalled for , can also be , you know , kinda fun ?
Crank could raise the dead ! I loved it ! Lionsgate should get behind this movie ! It has guts .
Its original concept does not save this pic from becoming just another silly video game .
For those who take delight from movie junk fare , Crank is your just dessert .
A reckless , relentless rush that goes nowhere in an exhausting 83 minutes .
tears up the screen like a muscle car on fire -- a brash , sinfully stupid joyride .
An instant cult classic . Pure , hardcore moviemaking backed by an inane plot , unrelenting action and zero pretensions .
The movie is cranked up somewhere between stylish and proudly stupid .
Vulgar , ridiculous , offensive and absolutely riveting .
Crank is still an atrocity of visual design , acting , and fundamental storytelling that , at times , scarily resembles an especially smelly YouTube submission .
Like any adrenaline rush , Crank becomes more wearying than exciting the longer it goes .
Borrows pages from Quentin Tarantino , the Atari 2600 game console , and , most of all , British action junkie Guy Ritchie , in a deliciously absurd , rollicking rampage through Los Angeles .
While Crank has its moments , the line stringing them together is n't wound taut enough .
If you had the choice of doing `` crank '' or seeing the film Crank , I 'd strongly suggest the former as a more productive use of your time .
It 's an E-ticket ride . But in the end , there 's no heart , no moral to this story . And for all our sweat as viewers , the one thing we crave by Crank 's closing credits is detox .
Writer-directors Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor 's previous work lies mainly in making commercials -- the quick-cutting aesthetic employed here .
It may stretch that hour a bit , but it does n't waste a minute -- though it wastes everything else in its immediate vicinity . Your time as well ? Not unless you do n't have the stomach for wholesale property damage , mutilation and needles .
A movie for hooligans , and do we really want to encourage them ?
A jacked-up , unapologetically mindless bit of ADD-prescribed escapism that more or less delivers on a nifty premise .
For all its busyness , Crank never develops much momentum , not least because an exploding heart does n't carry quite the same stakes as an exploding bus .
It 's 87 minutes of cinematic junk food paradise .
If you stop to think too hard about any aspect of the story , things might fall apart ; but stopping is something the movie never lets you do .
This is a turn-your-brain-off-and-enjoy-the-ride type thing and as such it works brilliantly .
Relying upon an abbreviated and accelerated plotline informed by Rudolph Mate 's 1949 film noir classic D.O.A. , Crank is a hard-R-rated chase-and-smash movie fixed around Euro action movie magnet Jason Statham .
Cheerfully moronic ... While most action flicks these days require their audience to turn their brains off , this movie somehow actually does it for you .
For moviegoers who found Running Scared a little too sedate .
Manufactures a formula that guarantees maximum action but not much else .
It knows what it 's doing and it 's awesome ... Crank relishes in its outrageous stunts ... Jason Statham is a one man Die Hard .
Snazzy but vacuous , the cinematic equivalent of a fast-food meal with thousands of calories but precious little nutrition .
This is as detestable a hard-R offense -LRB- equal-opportunity offender though it may be -RRB- as has ever been released to theaters .
What elevates Crank above other high-concept action fare , though , is its politically incorrect sense of humor and overall bent sensibility .
Crank qualifies as a superior piece of slick , shallow-souled trash . And I mean that in the best sense of the term .
If there 's any justice , British actor Jason Statham will be Hollywood 's next action hero .
So blatantly contrived it could be called The Fast and the Spurious , Crank has the small saving grace of being intentionally ridiculous .
There 's a self-realization here that at its heart this is an absurd , even silly , movie , but rather than exploring that premise further , Chev is off again , inflicting gruesome violence on his enemies until the film 's inevitable , sadly predictable end .
It may be one of the loudest , most obnoxious -LRB- not to mention sexist -RRB- movies of the summer , but damned if it does n't keep an audience in high gear .
This is an intense , stripped-down ride that goes places you 'd never expect . Edgy and outrageous , it should get the fearless Statham some deserved attention .
Statham , who 's tailor-made for this kind of thing , nevertheless spends too much time doing his cool-menace thing to communicate the sort of urgency the -LRB- semblance of a -RRB- plot demands .
A zealously absurd action film , and one that does n't take itself too seriously .
... an engaging and thoroughly over-the-top thriller ...
A daring attempt to break the rules of the Hollywood action movie without ignoring what makes them such mindless fun .
The movie they warned us the video game generation would make .
Very noisy , severe on the eyes and ludicrous , but a decent example of mindless entertainment .
Enjoyably fast-paced , gloriously trashy thriller with some inventive directorial touches .
The film is so jubilantly over the top and aware of its own failings , it 's hard not to laugh .
Ridiculously , incomprehensibly , undeniably cool , brilliantly , passionately and hysterically original ; pure cinema heaven .
An exploitation B-actioner , more suitable for midnight screening , Crank offers non-stop visceral entertainment ; it 's like being on a thrilling rollercoaster for 81 minutes , which is the story 's real and reel time , during which not one second is wasted .
Statham brings his usual hardnut conviction to his ludicrously named protagonist , while the pic contains what is easily the best car chase through a shopping mall scene since The Blues Brothers .
It revels in its crazed B-movie vibe , and as a result we ca n't help but enjoy every ludicrous minute .








@highlight

It 's a film about a guy injected with Speed ... wait , there 's no bus . It 's a film about a guy who has to kick a bunch of squirmy butt to stay alive ... wait , no snakes or planes here . But it is a film about doing lots of drugs and pulling lots of punches , and it entertains accordingly .