The actors are effortlessly engaging .
This is not a bad film by any stretch of the imagination . But there 's really not enough here to remain memorable .
-LSB- A -RSB- funny , lovely movie .
Writer-director Barry Jenkins demonstrates a rare ability to communicate a state of mind through images .
It 's pretty in all the wrong ways : pretty slight , pretty preachy and pretty affected .
A shoegazing arthouse romance marked by naturalistic performances and a commitment to the beauty , tenderness and on-tenterhooks hope of everyday reality ...
It 's an unassuming little piffle that wafts away while you 're watching it .
Medicine for Melancholy reminds that much is possible with little .
A hazy , nuanced and remarkably assured debut from filmmaker Barry Jenkins .
Smart , funny , and visually gorgeous , with the intimacy of a relationship drama and the resonance of a city portrait .
A genuinely heartwarming , tender and wise slice-of-life that makes for a terrific , engrossing and refreshingly unpretentious date movie .
Nothing momentous happens -- nor do we expect it to -- but it is fun watching the two 20-somethings playing off each other .
Cenac is witty and Heggins has a wary stillness , but the movie itself seems too shy to let them really engage each other .
The film weaves an intriguing commentary on race , class and personal identity , but the trick of minimalism is to hide ideas inside sparse scenes , and Jenkins is too often balancing over-stuffed conversations with undernourished carousel rides .
Two African-Americans together in San Francisco for a weekend trying to take a one-night stand to a more intimate level .
Concluding on a fittingly less-than-happy note , the promising but uneven film knows what it wants to say , if not , ultimately , exactly how to say it .
It is an exciting debut , and a film that , without exaggeration or false modesty , finds interest and feeling in the world just as it is .
I 'd describe it , in fact , as a film that does n't quite work -- but the way it does n't work is so distinctive and so interesting that it marks Jenkins as an exciting new face on the American indie scene .
This meandering two-hander about a black couple hanging out after a one-night stand has its points , but indie self-indulgence and sluggishness weigh it down .
A thoughtful , often poignant study of modern urban life and race .
The movie 's ideas float atop it like whipped cream on coffee , but the actors ' chemistry makes for a pleasant , unassuming walk-and-talk .
Mr. Jenkins and his co-leads , Mr. Cenac and Ms. Heggins , achieve stretches of buoyancy and brio in their search for a romantic epiphany that never comes .
Shows Jenkins to be an innovative and original voice to indie filmmaking , one certainly worth watching if he can deliver a second effort as enjoyable as this debut .
Jenkins 's dialogue is crisp and witty , sounding and flowing the way real people speak . But it 's also shrewdly nuanced .
A candid commentary on the state of the battle-of-the-sexes designed for this post-racial age of strangers with benefits .
The occasional moments of genuine beauty are unsurprisingly visual but the ubiquitous editorializing urges us to dismiss the scant poetic potential .
This stormy stranger sex gentrification romance is a kind of one day stand steamy encounter , also spotlighting hot topics confronting young black people today , especially relevant in light of the contradictions of the Obama phenomenon .
Some clever conversation between two people who are of different social classes but find common ground among the hills of San Francisco .
The film is more ambient than my description will convey , and it does n't feel scripted or directed in as much as it feels naturally funny and relaxed .
May be more committed to certain of the city 's un-pretty social truths than any other recent fiction film set in San Francisco ... It 's also maybe the most beautiful .
A visually stylish chronicle of an at-times amiable ramble through the streets of San Francisco .
Shot in San Francisco , Medicine for Melancholy has a uniquely sleepy , dewy look , making our fair city look like a quiet corner of Europe .
A tasty slice of life , but one sliced thin enough to leave one feeling a tad undernourished .
Deeper , more thoughtful , and more satisfying than many low-budget first features .



@highlight

Blessed with clever dialogue and poignant observations of class and race , Medicine For Melancholy is a promising debut for director Barry Jenkins .