Earns some really nice chills , especially once we hit the big finale .
This demon is more like a lousy roommate , turning the lights on , leaving the cabinets open and making loud noises in the kitchen while everybody 's trying to sleep .
Paranormal Activity 2 is surprisingly boring , not scary and lazily made . This is hands down one of the worst horror movies that I 've ever seen .
It 's the scariest movie in years .
To put it simply , if you 've seen the first film , then you 've seen this film . There 's nothing new offered here , so there 's not much of a point in bothering with it .
While the meagre rationing of shocks is undoubtedly frustrating for the bulk of the movie , this allows the final act plenty of room to crank the fear factor up to 11 .
The good ol' child-in-peril gimmick is the only new thing offered by Tod Williams ' follow-up to Oren Peli 's 2007 hit .
Instead of being trapped in one bedroom , this family has quite a few escape routes that they use quite a bit , which does n't really help build a sense of dread . It just makes you think , `` Get out of the house , fools . The door 's right there . ''
The scares in Paranormal Activity 2 are n't as frequent or always as well built as the original film 's , but those that exist are still pretty effective .
Not only drags out too long , it fails to pay off at the end .
-LSB- A -RSB- title card end -LSB- s -RSB- the film on another ominous ellipsis , ominous primarily because it guarantees the need for a third film , most likely to be released in 3D , it is assumed .
For me , the meager payoff was n't worth the effort in time and patience . The bother was n't worth the wait .
I enjoyed Paranormal Activity 2 and I 'd recommend it even if you were n't a fan of the first .
I anxiously await the third leg in the series .
Like Oren Peli , who created the first film , director Tod Williams keeps the dialogue So-Cal dumb and colorless , which must be part of the scare plan but makes both these movies hard to sit through .
Revealing more of the mystery reduces the scare factor but ups the intrigue .
PA2 actually is n't that frightening , but it complicates the questions of documentation , memory , and history in ways that make any possible answers at least a little unnerving .
full review at Movies for the Masses
It is n't as tense as the first film , and sometimes you do wish it was as simple as its predecessor . But it 's certainly a must-see horror sequel .
Effectively creepy , but it leads nowhere ...
It 's very effective and intense , creating tension with small things like an open door or a spinning mobile over a child 's crib .
The inevitable sequel to Oren Peli 's $ 15,000 sleeper is actually a prequel , and it 's a sharp little piece of genre filmmaking .
... reaffirms familiar scare tactics ... taps into a certain kind of eeriness implicit in the threat to suburban domesticity , which was precisely what made `` Poltergeist '' so frightening back in the day .
A few new elements and perspectives are quickly ground down by the repetitive structure , which we got sick of during the first Activity . Terror and chills deplete as this samey haunting gets stuck in it ... -LSB- END HERE -RSB- slow-moving groove
If Paranormal Activity 's domestic brand of spookiness worked on you the first time , you will find a lot to like in this sequel .
Anyone watching Paranormal Activity 2 closely enough will see that the transitions between different cameras in the film is n't motivated by any internal logic but rather a narrative one .
The tension builds in ` Paranormal Activity 2 , ' a kind of prequel to the hit ` Paranormal Activity . ' And I see a Halloween franchise in the making - one that 's much weaker and less worthy than the ` Saw ' films .
This excellent prequel once again proves that in a horror movie , often the less you see , the more intense the story .
It 's not hell , but it 's close .
The level of restraint on display here is phenomenal , the tension ratcheting up in spades as we got nearer and nearer the end .
-LSB- A -RSB- pe -LSB- s -RSB- the look and feel of Paranormal Activity but -LSB- makes -RSB- everything else smaller and lesser . It 's a bold choice , if an odd one . And almost entirely predictably , it utterly fails to pay off .
In its minimal , low-budget way , Paranormal Activity 2 summons some chills , but it 's most of all a scheme to make millions from a miniscule investment .
A surprisingly effective follow-up that replicates the creeping dread of the first film and deftly builds on the original storyline .
Ultimately , the film has little to offer apart from a few physical shocks involving household objects behaving oddly , a novelty that soon wears off .
Despite being almost entirely fine in every possible way , -LSB- the film -RSB- does n't work at all as a standalone movie and does n't work at all as a sequel .
A nifty prequel to a nifty original , albeit one which depends for its impact on our once-bitten , twice-shy inklings of what 's in store .
Another proud entry in the Loud Noises Are Scary sub-genre of horror that fails to engage on anything more than the silliest level . You 're better off sticking with Britain 's Most Haunted .
It 's far too slow and repetitive , lacking the tension and surprises of the original .
Horror-movie standards have dropped so much that people will flock to anything -- anything at all -- that promises to spook them , no matter how predictable or starved of style .
With little fresh tricks left to play on the viewer , director Tod Williams can only smother the slow-burn effect of the first movie down to a marathon smoulder .
Clever , sure , and adding a baby and a dog certainly pushes child and pet lovers ' fear buttons . But there are less transparent editorial tricks .
Less scary than a toaster .
Once again , somebody is being haunted by a demon , and once again the demon seems less like the Prince of Darkness than the King of the Whoopee Cushion .
You have to have seen the first one in order to make any sense out of this one . For those who have n't it is a muddled mess
For those able to roll with its slow-burn suggestiveness , this superior installment inspires a not-especially-pleasant , Pavlovian level of twitch response that few horror franchises can muster .
ca n't quite evoke the escalating dread and moments of sheer terror that Peli orchestrated so maliciously in the original film , but it still delivers more than its share of tension and scares
Just when we 're ready to write the whole thing off as a waste of time , Paranormal Activity 2 steps up to deliver a quietly brilliant ninth inning save .
In classic fashion , Paranormal Activity 2 repeats its predecessor on a slightly bigger scale to considerably lesser effect .
Even knowing what 's likely to come -- the doors opening on their own , the skeptical characters scoffing at metaphysical explanations , the unheeded warnings from paranormally gifted guests -- does n't make it any less nailbiting to watch .
Clever and impressive . Slow-paced scary . Does not disappoint .
It 's simultaneously a lot more expensive and a lot cheaper .
Demons of mediocrity , be gone ! Here we have a shrewd sequel a touch better than the original .
What 's unusual about these movies is that we know those scares are coming , and the filmmakers ' drawn-out approach makes them even more effective when they finally arrive .
A nullity of a ghost story , whose idea of creating atmosphere is preparing a blank surface for soundtrack bumps-in-the-night to resound off .
he jolts , when they come , are bigger , causing actual physical thrills and chills , at least for me .
` This camera has your eyes , ' said the illegal nanny , as she placed it in a high chair and tried to feed it cheerios .
Well , if you loved the first one , here 's more of that thing you love .
Though Paranormal Activity 2 does n't quite have the shock value or surprise nature of the first film , it 's a fitting sequel and close and respectfully builds on Peli 's original , for which kudos should certainly be paid to studio Paramount .
Paramount has achieved a rare feat , pumping out a follow-up to a hit indie supernatural thriller that 's as good as and remains faithful to the spirit of the original .
Lacks pretty much everything that made the first film such a masterstroke .
Were Paranormal Activity 2 released direct-to-DVD , I would have felt it to be more appropriate and forgivable , because that 's where it belongs .
This franchise nails something that most horror films overlook -- the anticipation of the scare .
Cannily marketed as a collective experience , the Paranormal franchise works best in midnight screenings . The hunger for cold , dead chills is usually best indulged in the company of warm , living bodies .
The clumsy and obvious byproduct of the financial success of its predecessor last Halloween , this movie has no reason for existing except to provide Paramount Pictures with a few extra shekels .
Only time -- and next Halloween -- will reveal it as a franchise killer like Book of Shadows : Blair Witch 2 or a springboard for a hardy series like Saw II .
... all sheen and no grit .
Gives fans what they want -- more of the same -- but inevitably the law of diminishing returns comes into play .
New house , new family , same problems , in this rare sequel that is not only a worthy follow-up to the original but also improves upon it by adding extra depth to the story .
The sequel repeats the original 's formula , but its improved acting and plotting help counteract the lack of conceptual freshness that 's inevitable with a second go-round .
As frightening as a bedsheet flapping on a clothesline .
As semi-spooky and splatter-free as its predecessor .
The filmmakers up the ante here with the addition of a smart teenage girl , an adorable toddler and a protective -LRB- but freaked-out -RRB- German shepherd named Abby .
Paranormal Activity 2 returns to theaters with content and panic tactics that are much of the same . That said , the main difference is the film 's masterful exploitation of one of the most emotionally scary instruments you could imagine : a baby .
A minor improvement , largely ditching cheap Pavlovian parlor tricks that ruined the first film . However , the coda makes a creaky bid for annual franchise status . At one point , the 1930s are mentioned . Let me guess : Hand-cranked cameras for that one ?
It 's kind of distressing how willing the movie is to tread the same old ground . It even goes so far as to replicate one of the original 's best money shots .
Things that go bump in the night have frightened humankind since humankind first existed . It 's a fact that both films use to exquisite advantage .
While not as original as the first film , it 's just as scary and scores points for cleverly tying the two stories together .
With the first movie , we witnessed the exciting debut of a fresh talent ; with the sequel , we 're witnessing the studio-mandated birth of a new milked-to-death horror franchise .
Paranormal Activity 2 should have been a quick , cynical cash in on the original . Instead , it 's a chiller that stands tall on its own .
Even though much is repeated from the first film ... they build to a real sense of dread . It 's all rather like those unsettling sounds coming from the attic in `` The Exorcist . ''
If you 're looking for wicked fun this Halloween , Paranormal Activity 2 is the best goosebump game in town .
Succeeds by giving us another dose of what worked the first time .
Paranormal Activity 2 is that rare instance where all the original scare buttons are pushed , and a bigger canvas actually works .
Technically accomplished in its fake video-verite style but artistically bankrupt .
As any patient , malevolent spirit would tell you , if it ai n't broke , break it at just the right moment .
Even if it 's never quite as chillingly , insidiously real , the sequel -- if that 's the right word -- intersects with the first film in a pleasingly malevolent fashion that creeps up on you as the time-code ticks by .
I like how all Hispanics are apparently well-versed in the art of banishing evil spirits . Listen to your Guatemalan nannies , people .
As a portrait of an American family under paranormal siege , this can proudly stand next to Poltergeist .
The movie numbers the days as they tick away , and along about Day # 12 I 'm thinking , why are these people still here ?
This is a date-night fright fest that delivers the goods , and will have you checking behind the door when you go to bed at night all over again .
Paranormal Activity 2 sinks much lower than it needs to in order to get a rush out of us - and in the end , the rush is n't even that great .
The expectation builds and builds , sometimes without release , sometimes with a loud sudden noise , or the glimpse of something unexpected . While some horror fans will undoubtedly find the slow pacing dull rather than tense , I find it a breath of fresh air .
A decent -LRB- but no more -RRB- sequel to the 2009 sleeper horror flick , using semi-effectively similar narrative conception and visual style , benefiting from some new -LRB- speechless -RRB- characters but suffering from weak ending
While a far cry from the awfulness of the first installment , this fetid follow-up only makes one long for the brilliance of The Blair Witch Project all the more .
Paranormal Activity 2 is better made and not quite as paper thin as the original , but by replicating the bare-bones B-film , the sequel sacrifices any chance for distinction .
What was scary once is scary twice , like a carnival funhouse remodeled with a few new mirrors and spring-loaded spooks .
Pretty much a carbon copy of the first film . Full of cheap scares , and goofy connections to part 1 in a misguided effort to build a `` mythology '' so this cash cow can keep churning out milk .
Will satisfy everything but your curiosity .
If anything , Williams certainly makes the viewer a far more active participant than in the first film , not only due to the greater number of camera options , but also because of the scene composition of each . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
A good movie because of the last 20 minutes -LRB- which are full of the action the audience wants -RRB- and the biggest , most important decision made by the creative team .
One seriously scary movie containing at least five jolts that will lift you from your seat and/or make you fill your tighty whities .
Despite its familiarity , I 'd recommend 2 for , appropriately , two reasons : The characters of a dog and a baby -- who can see what 's going on in the house but ca n't verbalize it -- are used deftly .
Where is Steven Spielberg when you need him for a clever ending ? I had trouble sleeping for three weeks after the original film but I slept perfectly fine after the sequel .
The best sequences are too familiar from the first movie , leaving a disappointing sense of déjà boo .
It 's the screenplay that ultimately demonstrates too little imagination , beyond the manner in which it bookends its predecessor .
The movie 's shortcomings are the Hollywood literalism in the third act , the need to show us things and connect dots that we do n't need to connect .
Like the 2009 hit , this is an impressively directed , superbly acted horror flick that creates a creepy atmosphere and delivers some genuinely terrifying shocks , while cleverly building on the ideas from the first film .
The primary reason Paranormal Activity 2 works is because it does n't misguidedly try to improve on the formula , or worse , reinvent the wheel .
While Paranormal Activity 2 is in many ways similar to the first film , it does n't just go through the motions with a different set of people - and manages to feel different while also feeling familiar .
-LSB- PA2 -RSB- is packed with lousy characters and unneeded mythology . But then the last act ends up delivering , with terrifying moments that raise the bar for modern horror . Someone keep an eye on that baby !
Serves up both exactly what you expect and then goes a step further by going places one ca n't anticipate . If you were taken by the first film , it 's pretty much a done deal that you 'll leave the second on an even greater jittery high .
On and on the cheap parlor tricks of Paranormal Activity 2 go , and none of them approach the ingenuity of the ones in the first film .
The first film was very good and this new one is quite good . Paranormal Activity 2 does not wear out the concept from the original film although it does n't leave you wanting more either . It 's been fun but this feels like enough .
Just more of the same , with the cast aggressively trying to sell the `` reality '' of this found-footage picture , which only reinforces its obvious artificiality ... flattens the initial burst of surprise into irksome retread .
... there 's little doubt that Paranormal Activity 2 ultimately fares slightly better than its pervasively lackluster forebear .
Much like the original , it skillfully fondles the audience , inspiring both dread and giggles of fear , ending in a flurry of orgiastic terror ... What can I say ? I really like these films .
Rarely is the second film in a horror franchise more frightening than the original , but Paranormal Activity 2 has more innocent victims and more scares than its predecessor .
By resisting the urge to up the action to any significant degree , the sequel simultaneously plays it bold and safe , unusual and familiar .
Builds gradual tension on repetitious scenes of domestic tranquility before shattering the calm with an escalating series of events .
Paranormal Activity 2 is precisely what a horror sequel should be , a quality film that takes the terrifying concept of the original and raises the stakes - big time .
There 's a difference between slow burn and no burn , and sadly Paranormal Activity 2 belongs in the latter camp . It simply is n't engaging or scary . The promise in the premise is never fulfilled and the ending is weak and poorly judged . What a pity .
the most fun you 'll have being scared at the movies in 2010 , and the most regretful you 'll be when you arrive home afterward to an empty house .
Eagle-eyed audiences watching every corner of the screen are rewarded with spooky `` did-you-see-that ? '' moments .
Even when nothing is happening , the often dead-silent shots tend to grow scarier the more you look at them .
Extremely effective as its own movie but even more enjoyable when it connects together with the original , Paranormal Activity 2 is a movie that will satisfy the fans while offering a lot more layers .
Why do I feel like this is a near-perfect example of how to learn from a first film when building a second film ?
If the added slickness and occasionally too-real-to-be-real acting takes one from the premise momentarily , the inherent creepiness and a half-dozen solid jump-in-your-seat moments bring audiences back with jarring effectiveness .
PA2 is an absolute success that is smarter and scarier than the original .
PA 2 is completely true to its roots , establishing itself as a competent , cohesive and coherent addition to the franchise that not only lives up to the hype , but also builds upon the original 's mythology .
This is a rare sequel that complements and enhances the original without betraying the elements that made it work in the first place .
There are a few `` jump out of your seat '' moments but when you break it down , it 's just a simple rehash of the original .
That damned dogged demon tears another suburban dwelling apart from the inside out in Paranormal Activity 2 .


@highlight

Paranormal Activity 2 does n't cover any new ground , but its premise is still scary -- and in some respects , it 's a better film than the original .