This propaganda style doc is too busy evoking intolerance -LRB- ironically -RRB- and fear mongering to provoke any rational analysis of the facts .
The film 's powerful correlative lesson ? That citizen journalism will play an important role in outing big-money political players who would like to silently put their stamp on laws from the capitalistic safety of the shadows .
From the hard facts of the church 's PR wrangling and shady financial reporting , to the human fallout of their treatment of gays both inside and outside their flock , the filmmakers hammer hard on the Mormon church .
The film also fails to take into account the many other factors in play during the 2008 election , narrowing events down to one all-encompassing Mormon-based explanation . 8 means well , but is too blinded by its own biases to do its cause justice .
The thing the film does best is to put a human face on the issue , to show us individuals -LRB- and couples -RRB- who were directly affected by the passing of Prop 8 .
Provocative and disturbing .
It 's marred by loaded language and a propagandistic tone that undercuts rather than promotes its purposes .
-LSB- Cowan -RSB- expands his sad and furious homegrown film to record the misery of gay Mormons sometimes driven to suicide over being rejected by their church and families .
Impassioned documentary chronicles the successful 2008 Mormon campaign to make gay marriage illegal in California .
There is a message here of the necessity for tolerance , but 8 : The Mormon Proposition would have been better had its makers presented it in a more consistent , artful fashion .
An impassioned piece of timely agitprop .
No matter what your stand is on gay marriage , you 're bound to come out with a broader definition of family values .
The highly emotional documentary is narrated by Dustin Lance Black , the screenwriter for Milk , who , like Mr. Cowan , is gay and grew up in a Mormon household .
Instead of stooping to the level of Focus on the Family 's misleading Prop. 8 ads , the pic damns the LDS Church not with lies , but with their own words .
Combining investigative reporting with personal experience , Reed Cowan 's impassioned documentary is unlikely to leave many dry eyes among its audience .
8 : The Mormon Proposition becomes a vital , important cry for an open dialogue . It 's unfortunate that one side still refuses to come to the table .
The lack of polish does n't tarnish the truth of the story : how an institution claiming to speak for God turned its dogma into law , and shattered the lives of real , loving people in the process .
A compelling look at how the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints operates in the political arena , even if audiences come away knowing that writer-producer-director Reed Cowan has told the story from his biased point of view .
A great cautionary tale .
A hard-hitting exposé of a shameful episode .
As an exposé , there could hardly be a stronger case for ensuring and strengthening the separation of church and state -- or a stronger message to gay people as to the magnitude of the challenge to win equal rights .
8 : The Mormon Proposition is far from perfect but that does n't make it any less moving or informative , and for those on both sides of the argument this is one motion picture that should be required viewing for all .
An expose of the Mormon Church 's involvement in an anti-gay crusade fueled by hatred and a rigid defense of family values .
Lamentably dry in its execution despite an almost nonstop flow of tears .
It seems impossible that anyone will have their minds changed or even piqued by watching this film . No one will really listen to The Mormon Proposition because we 've heard it all before .
It 's as if the filmmakers went into the project without a specific direction , aside from making an obvious statement . The resulting movie feels rambling and unfocused .
It 's so one-sided you hardly care after a while that the side it 's on is so clearly the right one .
passionate but scattered
Cowan and Greenstreet are preaching to the choir .
The movie is shrill even by advocacy-doc standards .
Preaching to the converted , a sobering but formulaic study of church activism against gay rights is more therapeutic than astute .
The Mormon Proposition is about as subjective as documentaries get . The good news is that Cowan and Greenstreet are compelling enough to convince you that only one side of this debate deserves a voice .
The filmmakers fail to settle on one approach , so the disparate parts of this far-too-short feature -LRB- it 's barely a Dateline special -RRB- cancel one another out .
Cowan strikes a potent balance between heart and head , juxtaposing emotionally wrenching moments with self-damning portraits of Mormon politicians and church officials , and hard-nosed journalism from reporter Fred Karger .
A broadside against the Mormon Church for helping to pass California 's anti-gay Proposition 8 , though some levity would increase its entertainment value .
The unrelenting attack on the LDS church in the documentary lets other churches and religious groups off the hook ... The Mormons did not and could not secure -LRB- Prop 8 's -RRB- passage all by themselves , but the film makes it look like they did .

@highlight

It 's unabashedly biased , but this look at the fight over gay marriage in California is impassioned and provocative .