One of the best films of 2009 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... possibly one of the best war films , despite its low budget and its apparently limited significant range , centered on the role of the hero and the sense of heroism , in the context of the American occupation of Iraq . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Hurt Locker thus enters the select group of war films that address in a masterly way the eternal question `` why should man fight for reasons he does not know ? '' -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a modern classic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Visceral .
In some ways , The Hurt Locker defies the conventional narrative pattern of cinema . Bigelow 's work must be seen as a power-packed punch that lands right on your face .
Satisfying from the first frame to the last , The Hurt Locker ranks among the most accomplished contemporary war films .
Depicting that toll fairly , and soldiers as flawed people with doubts and fears as well as triumphs , deepens our understanding of war . Still , Hurt Locker probably wo n't change anyone 's interpretation of current events .
In spite of the lack of historical perspective , Kathryn Bigelow 's The Hurt Locker manages to be a completely engrossing war film .
This may not represent the absolute reality of conflict in Iraq , but Bigelow has fashioned a gut-wrenching , gripping piece of suspense cinema that seeks to grab you by the neck .
Although more a film about the Iraq war , it 's a film about any war , about the tensions and panics experienced by human beings in a warlike conflict . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Based on the experiences of the journalist Mark Boal , who lived with a patrol similar to the one that 's featured in The Hurt Locker , the film finds a perfect channel in its episodic structure ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bigelow masterfully narrates the work of these professionals who face death every day , several times a day ; and concentrates on the minimal and essential details of life on the front . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This may be the same sun-bleached Iraq of dusty dirt streets and open deserts we 've seen in other Iraq war films , but it 's a different kind of movie . Director Kathryn Bigelow 's handheld camerawork roams like a spotter 's eyes ...
The Hurt Locker is without a doubt one of the best war pictures I have ever seen , and I have seen most of them .
I probably should have seen this movie when I had the chance in theaters , but as a DVD it did n't live up to the hype , though it was well done .
As a war movie the film ... is content to ply the old standbys , such as the men in the trenches who understand the reality of the war , the effete desk-bound commanders who offer useless advice , and the civilians who exist merely as cannon fodder .
We may not like Staff Sgt. James all that much , but those of us who get our adrenaline fixes at the movies can recognize a bit of ourselves in him .
More than anything , The Hurt Locker is a high-wire study of men at work , its lack of overt politics replaced by a revelatory central performance .
One of the best-made films of 2009 .
There is much that is fiercely modest about its ambitions . And , for a war film , it is often disconcertingly quiet .
This is a harrowing picture , made all the more disturbing because it 's based in a war that is being waged right now .
An important , intense , nail-biting experience -- really quite unforgettable .
The idea of watching people risking being blown to smithereens might not create a box office blockbuster . But this is certainly director Kathryn Bigelow 's best film since Point Break in 1991 .
Locker is merciless in its wretched view of life during wartime . IEDs , suicide bombers , even old-school sniper fire -- all these things are around to remind soldiers that death is imminent at any waking minute .
The Hurt Locker succeeds where others have n't , putting you in the boots of highly trained Army personnel . And since they 're experts at defusing bombs , it 's understandable if you shake in them .
It is visceral filmmaking at its best .
The movie pays off so well because it places you fully in the shoes of the men , from their fears and obsessions to their paranoia about virtually every Iraqi citizen they encounter .
A sudden , extended sniper attack , coming midway through the movie , is the best sequence I 've seen on film this year .
One of the best war movies I 've seen .
I think the film works really well precisely because they do n't try to build up some phony narrative arc to hang the whole thing on . The film is very slice-of-life , very observational .
There are plenty of things in Hurt Locker that may tempt you to cover your ears and hide your eyes . If you do , you 'll be missing one of the year 's best movies .
Boal 's script discovers the hollow inside the brave James : the missing part that made him never stop to realize why he did his job . That final revelation is smart filmmaking .
The Hurt Locker is set in present-day Baghdad , but it could be taking place anywhere in the world , at virtually any time in the last century .
The Hurt Locker is amazing as a thoughtful action movie but merely really , really darn good as a character study .
It 's a film about why some soldiers love war , a theme that 's rare in war films made by men .
Bigelow 's constantly moving camera , often jittery and restless , does well to convey the tension and latent chaos that bubbles beneath the surface of these soldiers ' lives .
The Hurt Locker becomes like many wars ; a nerve-wracking experience without solid answers for the core question of why we 're there .
The Hurt Locker has been surrounded by Oscar hype since the film was released overseas months ago , and with good reason : it is masterpiece of suspense .
It is neither an anti-war film nor a pro-war film . It is , simply , a great war film about courageous men working in chaotic situations , and the collateral damage that comes with the job .
If you walk into a screening of Kathryn Bigelow 's The Hurt Locker with a set of fulsome fingernails , expect to leave with stubs . If you 're a chronic nail biter , except to leave with half your fingers gnawed off .
The Hurt Locker is a masterwork of filmmaking and without rhetoric , reminds us -LRB- again -RRB- that war may be politics by other means but it is always murder .
This is a film that does n't distract with big self-aggrandizing political statements , but nevertheless succeeds in nailing the horror of the war .
If you have a chance to see it , you should n't hesitate to do so .
Not only the best film made so far about the war in Iraq , but also one of the best thrillers of the year .
The Hurt Locker transcends the political slop surrounding Iraq and cuts straight to the bone , letting us touch the hard , bloody reality of war without casualties of cliche or naive acts of emotional heroism .
Bigelow , one of the very few women working in the traditionally male-dominated action and war genres , avoids both red wire/yellow wire cliché and political preaching to deliver a film that is as psychologically fascinating as it is taut and exciting .
The Hurt Locker is not a conventional approach to wartime heroics but rather a penetrating and harrowing examination of war 's unrelenting damage on the human psyche .
The Hurt Locker is horrifying . It 's hopeless . I want to go see it again .
Her new film , The Hurt Locker , is both a structuralist war movie-it could be titled ` Seven Instances of Dismantling an Improvised Explosive Device ' - and a totally immersive , off-the-charts high-anxiety experience from beginning to end .
This is an outstanding war film because it 's aware that it 's a film , not a polemic .
When the picture is n't ramping up your heart rate , it switches gears and becomes an intimate character study in what war does to humankind .
It 's in refusing to plant a flag on one side or the other over the Iraq war debacle that Bigelow may just have made the conflict 's defining film : words are cheap , but it 's action that matters .
I was n't exactly blown away by it -LRB- no pun intended here at all -RRB- , but it remains an engaging film . There 's certainly a great story to be told in here somewhere , it 's just not the great film I 've been hearing about .
It 's not delicate by any means , and it gives an intense look into the lives of the American soldiers in Iraq .
Director Kathryn Bigelow , doing her run - 'n' - gun best , does n't mine traditional suspense so much as impart a queasy feeling of monotony .
The suspense may just kill you .
Kathryn Bigelow 's The Hurt Locker is one of the most thrilling action films I 've seen in the past few years . It features set piece after pulse-quickening set piece .
The decade 's best fictional film about its real war , it 's a unique perspective on the workplace high of delivering containment from chaos . Some people kick PowerPoint 's ass . Sgt. 1st Class William James saves his by defusing bombs .
Jeremy Renner as the unhinged James is a revelation .
-LSB- The Hurt Locker -RSB- should be remembered at Oscar nomination time , both for performances -LRB- James Renner and Anthony Mackie -RRB- , script and director .
There is something original and distinctive about the film 's willingness to admit that for some men -LRB- and many moviegoers -RRB- war carries an intrinsic dramatic charge .
A riveting look at the day-to-day life of a U.S. army bomb-disposal unit stationed in Baghdad , this is the kind of emotionally charged drama that 's traditionally released in the fall . Not that you wo n't be grateful to see it now .
Bigelow does not stint on portraying war 's brutality , but the focus is strictly on the individual , not on the bigger picture , and the overall effect is more powerful and devastating for it .
Equal parts bravado-fueled action and pointed political statement . The best film yet made about the Iraq War , and the best American film about war since Platoon .
One of the few must watches of the year so far , and certainly one of the most intelligent offerings , The Hurt Locker would likely already be boasting a masterpiece label had it been from a high profile director or studio .
The opening scene alone may well be the most insanely gripping and amazingly constructed cinematic moment you 'll see all year .
Combines white - knuckle tension , sizzling dialogue and poignant insight into the lives of the bravest guys in Baghdad .
A tense , occasionally meandering story about bomb defusers in Iraq .
May be to the War on Terror what Apocalypse Now is to Vietnam , and it 's almost as hallucinatory a vision .
While Kathryn Bigelow 's taut direction is Academy Award-worthy , Mark Boal 's script does n't get far enough beneath the characters ' skin .
Succeeds where so many others have failed , by crafting a compelling Iraq war film .
A must-see film with gripping performances and vivid evocation of urban warfare in Iraq .
With politics and philosophy largely absent from James 's tour of extreme duty , it settles into a somewhat comforting pattern of danger and mild relief , which can diffuse the knots in your stomach .
Beautifully shot , well acted , and completely unfocused to the point of , well , what was the point ? ... do n't be fooled .
The film hurts like hell as we sit on the edge of our seats enveloped in tension
The fact that Bigelow could make such a realistic war movie without the actual combat experience that directors like William Wellman had makes this even more remarkable .
Salta de uma seqüência a outra com fluidez , mantendo o espectador sempre inquieto graças aos obstáculos cada vez mais ameaçadores enfrentados por aqueles homens .
Equivalente cinematográfico de una bomba de tiempo , la película luce como un thriller de suspenso extremo ambientado en la guerra de Irak . Adrenalina pura , sin cuestionamientos morales y con excelente elenco .
A tough war picture in the tabloid journalist tradition of Sam Fuller , The Hurt Locker avoids most of the sentimentalizing and editorializing of other recent films about Iraq .
The film opens with a quote from Chris Hedges saying that war is a drug . ... The film makes that quite clear , but I am not sure it says a whole lot more than that .
The script 's authenticity and director Kathryn Bigelow 's cinema verité style pull us into the film with a mixture of awe and terror .
The Hurt Locker is a frequently gripping film that contains some terrifically detailed sequences ; not only depicting the process of defusing bombs but also depicting just how complex the act of targeting and firing a gun can be .
-LSB- R -RSB- iveting but not ` exciting , ' not in the sense that action movies have taught us to get turned on by the foreplay of countdowns and the climax of explosions ...
With such an able cast and crew , director Kathryn Bigelow had everything she needed to come up with a defining war movie for the 21st century .
What the great Kathryn 's film accomplishes in its own starkly intelligent way , however , is to make the token war is hell argument , but through the filtered lens of a superior B action movie , her forte .
most startling of all the film 's accomplishments is how it approximates the soldiers ' feeling of utter anxiety as they fight a war on foreign soil
Obligatoria . Dura y capaz de tenernos con el estómago encogido en la butaca durante casi toda la película , se trata de una de esas que nadie debería perderse .
Criticism that Bigelow and Boal 's relentless focus on the feverish intensity of living with constant danger and the rush that comes from beating the odds is as misguided as reading the movie 's `` war is a drug '' tagline as an endorsement : The Hurt Locker is
Bigelow displays a fine Hitchcockian skill set , but her politics are muddy-headed at best .
Your nerves are shot after the first sequence of The Hurt Locker , which means you watch the rest of the movie while suffering from post-traumatic stress .
The Hurt Locker takes the viewer by the scruff of the neck . And it embeds him or her in the middle of an Explosive Ordnance Disposal squad in Baghdad .
This film is better than any documentary I 've seen on the Iraq war . It 's so real , it 's scary . Well-written well-acted , well-directed . Multiple Oscars possible . Paul Chambers , CNN .
-LSB- Bigelow -RSB- may have finally given the Iraq War its definitive identifying film .
There are no clichés here . The silence of waiting out a sniper and the silence of consumer excess back home take on disturbing subtexts that defy expectations while laying bare the damage to James ' soul
One of the better Iraq war films ever made and quite honestly one of the best war films ever made ...
A kind of ` Dr. Strangelove : How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Bomb ' - but for real , this movie ai n't kidding . Hurt Locker : War means never having to say you 're sorry .
The tension of life-and-death situations and of egos that need to cooperate to survive , is manifest in ` The Hurt Locker . '
A visceral , gripping and totally absorbing film that follows one man 's life on the front line of bomb disposal .
Bears the mark of a painter , full of deceptively beautiful imagery masking multiple layers of meaning .
This is not just a character study . This film has battle scenes of such immediacy , intensity and suspense it puts the battle scenes in most other war movies to shame .
Bigelow uses hand-held camera and eye-level character p.o.v. shots to create a gritty sense of being there .
It 's only a movie about men at work in war . Yet it seems like a definitive war movie .
A hardcore depiction of modern war and the brave soldiers who fight , while quietly but assuredly begging the question : War , what is it good for ?
The Hurt Locker is an exciting and visceral work .
I ca n't think of a recent film , not even Oliver Stone 's Platoon , that has conveyed so vividly what it is to be a soldier today on a front line .
Set in war-torn Iraq of 2004 , the pic 's certainly excellent in many ways . But it never asks the question : `` What are these American soldiers doing here ? ''
The Hurt Locker is an action-packed thriller of the first order , the most entertaining movie to be made to date about the Iraq war .
The most literally exciting film you will see this year . Forget the off-putting banner of another Iraq movie - go , watch , marvel , endure and book in the palliative of a stiff drink afterwards .
Bigelow 's film combines an expert management of tension with a sensitive and journalistic attention to detail : she has one eye on the truth and the other on the multiplex .
For , in short , in its gutsy , bare-bones beauty , The Hurt Locker is not simply a war movie . It is war poetry .
A blazingly powerful action movie ... whose unpretentious clarity makes for a refreshing change .
A super-sharp , nerve-shredding thriller that reveals more about the realities of contemporary military conflict than most documentaries .
The action itself is episodic , with every ounce of tension eked from some stunning set pieces where lingering shots accentuate the bleak cinematography and stripped down sound design to draw the maximum heat and hopelessness of this hell on earth .
The visceral impact is intense .
A stunningly realistic , thrillingly intense depiction of extraordinary men carrying out one of the toughest jobs imaginable , graced with a knockout performance by relative unknown Renner .
Kathryn Bigelow 's explosive , edge-of-the-seat thriller is one of the best war movies ever made . After years in the wilderness , the director 's stunning return to form is set , fittingly enough , in the arid landscape of a scorched Iraq .
Bigelow makes a welcome return with a thrilling , edgy and , yes , explosive film about the toughest job in the world . What 's The Hurt Locker ? Something special .
Free of liberal hand-wringing and quasi-political subtext , The Hurt Locker is an adrenaline-drenched war thriller which uses a conventional genre format to explore and expose issues of violence , compulsion and masculinity .
One of the greatest American films of the decade , certainly the best American movie since There Will Be Blood , shocking , overwhelming and unforgettable .
An amazingly powerful movie that will leave you reeling . This mustsee movie is dazzlingly well made .
What pushes The Hurt Locker up to top marks is the absence of politics .
The film sweats out its truth from its central character .
There will be other challengers in time , but so far The Hurt Locker is easily the best film to come out of the Iraq war .
A film that offers an intense personal perspective on the reality of an adrenaline-rush existence lived in the full knowledge that every day could be your last .
Director Kathryn Bigelow brilliantly surfs a line between challenging , realistic grit and Hollywood thrills , her gripping buddy movie all the more exciting for not blindly following the orders of most big action flicks .
Bigelow crowns several decades of excellent artistic enquiry with a film that everybody should see .
If Alfred Hitchcock was reincarnated for a punt at the war action genre , his finished product might play out like The Hurt Locker .
Most poignantly , it offers a different perspective on the war to the generally negative one on the news .
A film that often makes us flinch from the screen , mainly because of a superbly layered performance by Renner .
This electrifying thriller about a US Army bomb disposal squad working in Baghdad is n't just one of the best films of 2009 . It is the first film that tackles the Iraq War head on , and does justice to the incredible bravery of the troops serving there .
Please give director Kathryn Bigelow an Oscar for direction which pulls the audience into the heart of the story . Plus she squeezes every drop of tension out of the most suspenseful , explosive action movie of the year .
-LSB- Bigelow 's -RSB- docu-drama realism complements her cinematically staged action sequences , giving the whole film an exhilarating but believable edge . It 's impressive stuff , intensely thrilling film-making with a pulse and a brain .
The major strength of The Hurt Locker is that it all feels so real that you can almost taste the sand on your lips .
A modern-day war classic .
Do n't believe the hype . This is a cliche-ridden mess which treats Iraqis like zombies or creatures from outer space . Peace activist Chris Hedges should have sued the director for allowing his words to serve as an epigraph for this sorry flick .
The Hurt Locker retains indie drama cred , provides audience thrills and stays respectful to the fact your neighbor 's kid may very well be in the Middle East right now .
Bigelow 's gripping yet subtle study in the psychology of war is set to the urgent rhythms of a ticking bomb , exploding the myth of the maverick hero .
Just Another Day at the Office ... Except These Guys Might Not Get Home . But a Brilliant , Technical Marvel .
It 's slang for ` You 're headed for a pounding . ' And so you are .
A thoughtful nail-biter that inspires us to appreciate the precariousness and relative brevity of existence .
This film pioneers observational action moviemaking . It sensitizes you to changes in atmosphere that portend danger and convey hidden meaning while furthering the plot and the characters .
a visceral , heart-pounding experience that is easily the best film yet to made about the current war in Iraq and also one of the best war films of the past decade
One of the best movies of the year , with a star-making performance from Jeremy Renner .
After 7 previous films , Bigelow has finally found a screenwriter in Mark Boal who not only matches her intensity , but is able to maximize her visual artistry in drawing a fully realized story .
The Hurt Locker is a movie that finds the truth in war without all the political static that too often in the past has kept the voice of the soldier from being heard .
The closest any film on the subject of the war in Iraq has gotten to greatness .
This movie sneaks up on you as to how good it is ; it is only when you reach the end that you realize how great the journey has been
-LSB- It is -RSB- one of those movies where the story arc just kind of sneaks up on you when you 're not looking . It 's a lot like the situation that its principal characters find themselves in every day .
Let 's be honest , war movies as a genre have slipped behind sappy Scientology sci-fi flicks and movies based on board games . But here comes The Hurt Locker , a modestly budgeted movie starring no one you know about a cowboy bomb diffuser made by the
Bigelow has taken the truism that `` movies are life with the boring bits cut out '' to the extreme ...
Like every war before it , the U.S. invasion of Iraq has generated its share of movies . But The Hurt Locker is the first of them that can properly be called a masterpiece .
If The Hurt Locker does n't capture what it 's like to serve or live in Iraq , no film ever will .
Employing handheld cameras and very little music , Bigelow creates a claustrophobic and palpably dangerous environment in which one mistake could prove disastrous .
The question is n't how do you live with the buzz of looming death ; it 's how do you live without it ? No answers are offered , or even suggested .
Never does Bigelow falter in her direction , which , by adroitly alternating between muscular and sensitive , reapplies a recognizable face to a conflict that is already slipping from the American public conscious with all the wispiness of a bad dream .
Like her protagonist , Bigelow is both a meticulous technician and a ballsy showoff . And , like him , she has ice water in her veins .
If The Hurt Locker does n't break the curse of the low-performing Iraq war movie then nothing likely will , at least not anytime soon .
The Hurt Locker is at once an unforgettable war film and a brilliant character study .
Bigelow 's camera is impartial and dispassionate , but explosively powerful and unflinching . There is no commentary or judgment , just war and fatigue .
Extremely good whenever characters keep their mouths shut ; when there 's dialogue , it 's usually heavy-handed and leading .
There 's a definite absence of Hollywood gloss in Bigelow 's film , which was appreciated .
This beyond-the-headlines war movie , a ` ticking clock ' thriller from journalist-turned-screenwriter Mark Boal , is the first Iraq War movie to qualify as more first-rate entertainment than sermon .
What makes Hurt Locker truly great is that it 's most interested in telling us an honest story about these soldiers and this war , without servicing any type of political agenda .
Some scenes in ` The Hurt Locker ' are as memorable and iconic as those in ` Apocalypse Now . '
Kathryn Bigelow 's films have ranged from Near Dark -LRB- 1987 -RRB- to near-disaster , but here , for the first time , she forges her mastery of detail , composition , pacing , psychological insight , and perverse beauty into a masterpiece .
I found it difficult at times to remember that these men are actors . The tension is pulled to just the right tautness to be sustained over time without having to defuse it with a narrative break . And the acting is great .
In one sense , The Hurt Locker is an old school war film % u2013 muscular , focused almost exclusively on men in combat , and not interested in politics or making a statement . But the film 's also very contemporary .
It is a tremendous film that needs to be seen , and not just by the testosterone crowd .
One of the most compelling motion pictures in years , certainly among the best war films ever put on film .
Bigelow 's direction is confident -- the action sequences are tense and suspenseful , so much so that The Hurt Locker also works as a straight-up war film .
First female best director Oscar right here .
Even if you think you 've had your fill of Iraq stories , this is one of the worthiest -- ironically because the particularity of the conflict is little more than a footnote .
As emotionally involving an action movie as you 're likely to find this year -LRB- much less this summer -RRB- , ` The Hurt Locker ' is also a tense , forceful meditation on the addictive nature of combat .
This is n't just a lacerating drama about the wages of war on a soldier 's soul , but also the most exhilarating , sweat-inducing action film of the year thus far .
The miserably visceral exists here not as exploitation but out of the demands of authenticity .
The Hurt Locker is episodic and , at times , overwrought . And occasionally its deliberate opacity becomes too cloudy . But the things that shine through are remarkable .
It 's the best war movie since Full Metal Jacket .
We 've had good and very good Iraq movies for several years now , but The Hurt Locker has a fullness of understanding that sets it apart .
-LSB- The movie -RSB- speaks volumes about war , and the toll war takes on the men who fight and die in uniform , precisely because it says very little about the particulars of this war .
As unpredictable and tragic as it is genuinely riveting .
Just when you thought the battle of Iraq war dramas had been fought and lost , along comes one that demands to be seen -- if you can handle the raging adrenaline .
Psychologically acute and thrillingly dramatic , The Hurt Locker blows every other Iraq war movie off the screen .
The Hurt Locker is about Iraq in the same way that Paths of Glory was about World War I or Full Metal Jacket was about Vietnam -- which is to say , utterly and not at all . The Hurt Locker is a great movie , period .
With the help of a well-informed screenplay by journalist Mark Boal , Bigelow dispenses with the red-wire/blue-wire lies Hollywood told you and replaces them with a heady brew of documentary realism and action poetry .
Unable to parse what he sees , James finds meaning , at last , in his misreading .
The hybridization of arthouse and action does n't happen all that often , but it should , if mashing the two genres makes for film as riveting and rattling as The Hurt Locker .
Parental Content Review
Are we 100 % positive that this film is not real footage from the Iraq war ? Bigelow has directed one of the most intense and realistic films to come out in years .
The Hurt Locker shows there 's more than one kind of solder fighting the war , more than one kind of story to tell .
Like all the best war movies -- no matter what war , what era -- The Hurt Locker goes to the core of human nature .
The Hurt Locker leaves an impression . It practically leaves a bruise .
`` The Hurt Locker '' is not only one of the very best films of 2009 , it is one of the very best and most exciting war movies of any kind to come along in a long time .
The Hurt Locker is an extraordinarily uncomfortable movie to watch , not because it is poorly made , but because it places its audience directly in the crosshairs of hell .
These are just men doing their jobs in an unforgiving workplace , and Bigelow , more than anything , is interested in how they do it , because the how is the difference between going home at the end of the rotation in one piece or not .
Screenwriter Mark Boal and director Kathryn Bigelow have made a unique film about war .
Not only one of the year 's best films so far , it 's also arguably the best feature film made about the Iraq war .
-LSB- Kathryn -RSB- Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal ... have made the first fictional feature about American soldiers in Iraq that does n't fall apart , or preach to a choir , or turn into a position paper .
The Hurt Locker is a spellbinding war film by Kathryn Bigelow , a master of stories about men and women who choose to be in physical danger .
Filmmaking simply does n't get much more riveting than Kathryn Bigelow 's incredible The Hurt Locker , a cinematic experience unlike any other that you will have this year .
This is Master of Suspense filmmaker crafted by someone who understands the nature of nail-biting thrills .
If you 're looking for ferocious , visceral suspense , Kathryn Bigelow delivers with this graphic , subversive portrait of courage under fire , as adrenaline junkies get high on danger .
... a super-smart actioner about men in war that 's arguably the best American film of the year .
As tense and compelling an action drama as you 're liable to see all year .
A memorable , must-see movie mission to experience , with enough sticks of dynamite and blocks of C-4 to shatter your equanimity . I can promise that you 'll come out of it shaken , but alive .
Less impressive as a whole than in its parts , it 's still a provocative , well-crafted picture ... one of the best films yet made about the Iraq War .
Everything works in direct relation to its counterpart , no pieces of the puzzle left unconnected , the filmmaker delivering her most assured and confident work since her underappreciated 1995 triumph Strange Days .
Like a modern day Wages of Fear .
An affectionate but ambiguous tribute to the career soldier that 's free of condescension , cynicism , or jingoism .
You wanted some three-act plot structure with your movie ? Sorry , they only serve straight adrenaline and dread here .
The script just is n't as serious as the subject matter .
Outstanding performances across the board , but I thought Anthony Mackie in particular really , really nailed it .
One of the most authentic and powerfully believable war movies in recent times .
A raw and unnerving thriller that gets its impact from taut , intimate suspense scenes low on bombast and high on the potential costs of military duty .
Kathryn Bigelow has shown Hollywood how it 's done : The Hurt Locker is the strongest and most satisfying thriller in years .
A small but muscular combat classic .
If you 're a cinematic thrill-seeker , this portrayal of the real deal is just the fix you 've been looking for .
A movie that deserves to stand as one of the defining films of the decade .
Overwhelmingly tense , overflowing with crackling verisimilitude , it 's both the film about the war in Iraq that we 've been waiting for and the kind of unqualified triumph that 's been long expected from director Kathryn Bigelow .
Despite its pumped-up admiration for our troops and some scenes that spurt adrenaline like a fire hose , this sort-of-thriller about a bomb squad working in 2004 is stretched both timewise and for plausibility .
In the end , Bigelow 's point of view is what 's most interesting about The Hurt Locker . The picture 's strength lies in the details she focuses on .
By keeping its scale miniature instead of epic -LRB- there are no combat scenes in the traditional sense -RRB- , The Hurt Locker keeps its audience in a constant state of tension without risking battle fatigue .
A riveting Iraqi war film about three members of an Army bomb dismantling squad in Baghdad .
A first-rate action thriller , a vivid evocation of urban warfare in Iraq , a penetrating study of heroism and a showcase for austere technique , terse writing and a trio of brilliant performances .
Finally , Hollywood has made a great film about the Iraq War .
These men live , barely , on a cocktail of adrenaline and testosterone , and yet The Hurt Locker hones in on the fatalistic psychology of the Iraqi war zone more convincingly than any other recent film about soldiers on the battlefield .
Sharply written , superbly directed and extremely tense thriller with a terrific central performance from rising star Jeremy Renner .
The Hurt Locker is a difficult film to watch , brutal and unflinching . You never feel like you can invest in a character because the next second they could be blown away . The film ratches up the tension like few movies in recent memory .
The hold-your-breath movie of the year .
One of the best films of 2009 , and one of the better films made in the past few decades about the men and women who serve in the US military .
Finally , the transcendent Iraq war movie .
It 's dysfunctional , but strangely affirming .
The first great film about the war in Iraq .
The characters are fictional , but writer Mark Boal spent time in Iraq following soldiers who really do this , and the film never feels anything less than authentic .
A brilliant and emotionally powerful war flick .
The director , Kathryn Bigelow , shot with four lightweight cameras , and the imagery is rarely still . The jitteriness is appropriate for a world where everything can suddenly blow to smithereens .
The Hurt Locker is so taut , and skillfully focused on character , that it could be retro-engineered into a stageplay and still retain most of its dramatic punch .
When it comes to getting an audience 's attention , there 's nothing quite like blowing up a major star within the first five minutes of a movie .
Offers a fresh take on the war and the men in it .
If The Hurt Locker is not the best action movie of the summer , I 'll blow up my car .
It 's not too soon to declare The Hurt Locker a masterpiece from this gifted and underrated director . But it 's the kind of popcorn masterpiece that people might actually like to see .
Bigelow has successfully built a vision of war rarely seen on screen , a visceral nearly first person perspective of war where the rush of combat is a welcomed relief .
This is a must see film .
... this is without a doubt director Kathryn Bigelow 's best film to date , one which should be Oscar nominated in every category it 's eligible for .
For the first hour or more , The Hurt Locker boldly forsakes any conventional narrative hook beyond the ongoing tensions between these men and the terrifying grind of defusing bombs day after day .
The kind of uncompromising movie that any politician who claims to support the troops while extending the war and cutting funds for veterans ' benefits -LRB- or any chickenhawk pundit who pooh-poohs the ongoing effects of PTSD -RRB- should be forced to see .
Do n't be afraid to dive right in for a harrowing , credible and astonishingly made portrait of bravery and brutality .
understands the key element in modern warfare : chaos reigns supreme .
Departing from archetypes set by WWII and Vietnam movies , Bigelow 's tough-as-nails film develops its own signature . It 's not a message movie , but a tactile experience . It feels gritty , real and current .
Our American love for mavericks is bound to get tied in knots watching James ' cavalier approach to everyone 's death . He 's a hero and a menace .
Hurt Locker is a superb achievement that not only constructs some of the finest suspense set pieces of the year , but manages to find compelling , innovative wartime psychological threads to pull at as well .
More than any recent movie , this has a ` you are there ' feel to it that gives us a flavor of an Iraq we do n't see on the nightly newscasts .
Here 's the Iraq War movie for those who do n't like Iraq War movies .
There is something powerfully convincing about Bigelow 's way of placing the viewer in a situation where death is unpredictable , can come from 360 degrees , and is indiscriminate about who it takes .
So far , the best fiction films about the Iraq War are Nick Bloomfield 's Battle for Haditha , Irwin Winkler 's Home of the Brave and John Moore 's allegorical Flight of the Phoenix remake . It 's sufficient praise to say The Hurt Locker joins that short list .
Instead of setting out to prove a point , it seeks to immerse us in an environment -- something Bigelow does with a conceptual rigor usually associated with those directors whose work is confined to film societies and art houses .
Its insights and reach extend far beyond what 's happened there over the past several years .
A brilliantly realized character-driven thriller likely to leave a lasting impression and make you completely forget everything you thought you knew about the day-to-day lives of soldiers in Iraq .
The Hurt Locker is a small classic of tension , bravery , and fear , which will be studied twenty years from now when people want to understand something of what happened to American soldiers in Iraq .
The Hurt Locker might be the first Iraq-set film to break through to a mass audience because it does n't lead with the paralysis of the guilt-ridden Yank . The horror is there , but under the rush .
A coolly elegant kineticist , Kathryn Bigelow specializes in impressionistic phallus jostles .
Harrowing and horrifying , The Hurt Locker delivers the visceral , heart-in-throat action goods , and in doing so , gets at more truths about Iraq than its preachy ... brethren .
There 's more tension in this gripping tale than in the waistband of Oprah 's skinny jeans ... which is pretty freakin ' tense .
The film supports the idea that extended exposure to certain kinds of experiences have the effect of either galvanizing a participant or breaking them , if they are fortunate enough to survive . In WWII , war was hell , in Viet Nam it was numbed by drugs , but
An intense , action-driven war pic , a muscular , efficient standout that
simultaneously conveys the feeling of combat from within as well as what it looks like on the ground .
After some disappointing films , the gifted Bigelow puts to excellent use her strongest skills in this thrillingly kinetic , tightly-focused , utterly compelling portrait of one bomb squad , a highlight of a weak cycle thus far of Iraq war movies .
A wrenching rush of adrenaline set in a never-ending cycle of occupation and struggle and ever-increasing tension .
The Hurt Locker is a near-perfect movie about men in war , men at work . Through sturdy imagery and violent action , it says that even Hell needs heroes .
I 'm not sure this is a film that will be easy to sell to the general public , but anyone who is willing to test themselves will find that it 's a dynamic and memorable experience .
Bigelow and cinematographer Barry Ackroyd crank up the tension to nail-biting , gut-churning extremes and the mayhem is powerfully visceral .
The Hurt Locker probably is n't the ` great ' Iraq film which will finally move audiences into theatres but it does play out like fragments of one .
The Hurt Locker looks and feels like a terrific action film , but there 's a piece of art ticking away within it that goes off inside your head and your heart while you 're watching .
... uncommonly taut and uniformly well acted ...
Tensely action-packed and muscularly directed by Kathryn Bigelow , this tale of an elite U.S. army bomb disposal unit in Baghdad is a familiar story in new clothes , targeted at the young male demographic .
Often gripping at a straight thriller level , but increasingly weakened by its fuzzy psychology , Kathryn Bigelow 's The Hurt Locker does n't bring anything new to the table of grunts-in-the-firing-line movies .

@highlight

A well-acted , intensely shot , action filled war epic , Kathryn Bigelow 's The Hurt Locker is thus far the best of the recent dramatizations of the Iraq War .