Y' all , this movie is one wild ride that must be taken . Everybody needs to see it . Unless you can only enjoy a movie in a completely silent theater ... then you may want to try to catch an empty screening .
Girls Trip surprised me . It was funny , heartfelt , and had a couple of good messages in it .
-LSB- Tiffany -RSB- Haddish is a genius technician of physical comedy , at once subtle and gigantic .
The MVP of Girls Trip , however , is Tiffany Haddish . This should be a huge break-out role for her , and she is so insanely funny that she 'll send you into a rabbit hole of YouTube videos from her stand-up routines after the movie .
The film is remarkable for its willingness and ability to flaunt its generic premise and go to far stranger , more empowering places than its simple setup might suggest .
It 's a beautiful tribute to Black womanhood , friendship , and joy in a hilarious package .
Girls Trip is n't a perfect movie - it 's kind of sloppily made in spots and , like most comedies lately , 20 minutes too long but it 's hard to care about flaws when a movie is this much fun and the friendships this engagingly portrayed .
By far the best comedy of the summer , if not the year , it strikes comedy gold . It 's that ridiculously good .
It 's served well by a likable cast .
It will be way too much for some , but does have a heart , ends on a nice note and you certainly wo n't forget the totally un-embarrassable Haddish in a hurry .
Expect plenty of raunchy moments and outrageous drunken situations . The story is a no-brainer too .
Girls Trip is the breakout comedy of 2017 . Do not let the summer end without going to see this movie .
Girls Trip is as pure as Old School or Bridesmaids , and like both , boasts a breakout star . Haddish steals every scene .
It 's another Bridesmaids-inspired stumble through the tropes of bad-girl comedy , which includes the mandatory set-piece involving the expulsion of bodily waste ... and plenty of blue talk , which is now a regular , if not defining , feature of female comedy .
It 's able to balance genuine insight with comic punctuation and shameless resolution ; they get high and heartfelt .
Malcolm D. Lee 's exuberant Girls Trip easily outclasses the likes of Bad Moms and Rough Night .
Girls Trip 's overriding focus is that of friendship -- in its all its raw , bawdy , compromised glory .
As silly , crude and debauched as the antics get , the warmth and joy surrounding the four protagonists continually sets the movie apart from its predecessors .
Girls Trip is everything you want out of an R16 buddy-reunion movie . It is truly funny , touching when it needs to be , relentlessly filthy and gleefully puerile at times . But it is also something more .
IF you missed the girls-gone-bad comedy of Rough Night earlier this year , do n't worry . Go and see Girls Trip instead .
Girls Trip is better plotted than the similarly themed , Scarlett Johansson-vehicle Rough Night from earlier this year . It has a looseness to its structure that helps the momentum move from one crazy set-piece to the next .
However , for all of its ferocious sexual frankness and ear-burningly colourful language , Girls Trip not only knows how to land a big laugh , but also how to sustain and magnify it .
Bridesmaids for black people , Girls Trip is high energy raucous fun in praise of girl-power , complete with brash , crude dialogue and sexual connotations
Girls Trip does n't tread into the realm of body horror like The Beguiled or Rough Night -LRB- or hormonal horror , like 20th Century Women -RRB- , but it allows four charismatic and well-matched leading ladies to give audiences an evening of good , unclean fun .
Raunchy comedies are n't everyone 's favorite , but for those who like them , Girls Trip will do quite nicely . It may even turn out to be one of summer 's few real surprises .
Is Girls Trip a hilarious , turnt-up celebration of Black womanhood and sexuality ? YAS ! But at its core , it 's about personal integrity , self-love , and female friendship .
The film lives or dies based on the chemistry between the actors , which is just off the charts .
Girls Trip is the perfect example of star charisma elevating the material they 're working with .
These four hilarious ladies prove that , when done right , low brow humor can be an art in itself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Girls Trip proves that a good laugh can cure anything , including the common case of a familiar script . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The journey is surprisingly fun , owing to cut-above efforts by the principals and a story that , for all its absurdity , essentially spins on traditional themes of sisterhood , kindness and love .
There have undoubtedly been more polished , stylish movies released this summer than Girls Trip - even among comedies . But were any of those movies this much fun ?
Girls Trip presents laugh-a-minute bawdy humour .
Girls Trip is a riotous celebration of Black female sexuality .
It 's loud , at times unwatchably gross and sometimes lingers on the verge of hysteria . But it 's also a warm-hearted and optimistic celebration of black womanhood . Maybe friendship can save us all .
The success of Girls Trip comes from the chemistry of the cast .
It 's already shaping up to be the surprise hit of the summer , which really is n't surprising at all once you 've seen it . This is the kind of movie people tell their friends about .
Like a cross between Bridesmaids and The Hangover it pokes a little fun at the self-help business and is enjoyably un-PC .
-LSB- Girls Trip -RSB- is n't especially funny , and its sentimental sisterhood stuff is done by rote , but at least it 's not one of those movies that fancy themselves as being terribly rude yet do n't really have the nerve .
Some of the comedy veers into the absurd , but each joke squarely hits its mark .
The longer it goes on , the louder and shriller Girls Trip becomes .
Haddish shoves everyone aside and fires a resounding shot across the bow of female comedians everywhere .
There 's nothing embarrassing about the Posse in Girls Trip , which depicts the friendships these characters have sustained not as vestigial remnants , but as a guiding force toward being true to oneself .
... amuses primarily because of its scattered big laughs , unique cultural perspective , and the breezy chemistry between its stars
A trip well worth taking , though you may never look at a grapefruit quite the same way again .
The movie is about a group of old college friends who take off for a long overdue girls ' weekend in New Orleans , but , thanks to the smart script and Lee 's slick direction , we 're emotionally invested in each of their journeys .
A raunchy comedy that 's high on the raunch , but rather low on the comedy .
Girls Trip is crude and veers towards soap opera but there is a chemistry between the stars , some funny situations and Haddish steals the show as the unrelentingly vulgar Dina .
Girls Trip is the funniest movie this summer , and Tiffany Haddish is the breakout here , inducing a riot of laughs in this ensemble comedy .
Newcomer Haddish takes Girls and , like Melissa McCarthy in Bridesmaids , puts it in her pocket as scene-stealing sexually aggressive Dina , who is unfiltered , unfettered and unapologetically wild .
Perhaps it 's best to embrace rave , raunch and riot , and go with the flow . Just try to avoid the flow in the Boulevard .
Like Bridesmaids meets The Hangover , with the raunch factor turned up to eleven .
Girls Trip may take us on a narratively familiar journey , but it more than makes up for it with comedic companionship and socially conscious , sexually liberated approach
Paired with a few good friends and a strong beverage or two , it 's an absolute scream .
What Girls Trip does have going for it is an irrepressible energy and an absolute lack of embarrassment about its own crudity and pants down humour .
It 's one of those movies that we just do n't see made successfully as much anymore because the tone between humor , raunch and heart is more difficult to balance than you think .
For all its X-rated gags , Girls Trip never strays far from its main messages : The importance of female solidarity and living your truth .
No film with a cast this strong could fail to raise laughs . But the actors are wasted in a huge bloated mess .
There is a severe shortage of comedies being made that can actually illicit an audible laugh and Girls Trip is here to make up for it .
Throughout the film , there 's a sharp specificity to the women 's various emotional travails that cuts across its occasionally baggy construction .
While conventional comedy fodder , Girls Trip surpasses all expectations with its ability to remain unapologetic even when you expect it to dial the gross out jokes down a notch .
The interpersonal dramas are labored , but the movie earns laughs whenever it goes for them .
this is an incredibly endearing and clever comedy , a rarity in a genre awash in ad-libbed missteps and an over-reliance on improv .
Haddish 's energy leaves a lasting impression . She makes Dina 's outrageousness infectious . Although in keeping with the movie 's humor , we may have to add infectious like a bad rash . The pleasures of Girls Trip are n't quite worth it .
An indecently refreshing tonic of a film .
Hot on the high-heels of `` Rough Night '' is `` Girls Trip , '' another female-driven raunch fest . Where they defer in their twin celebrations of sisterhood is that this one is all-caps FUNNY .
Girls Trip may deal in broad comedy , but it 's an example of broad comedy done well , and delivered by utterly committed performers .
Moviegoers who endured a rough night watching the recent Rough Night will fare significantly better with Girls Trip .
In all the ways ` Rough Night ' went wrong , ` Girl Trip ' goes hilariously right . Regina Hall , Jada Pinkett Smith , Queen Latifah and-yowza ! - Tiffany Haddish let laughs bubble out of character instead of blunt-force farce . It makes all the difference .
There is no raunchier , more raucous , filthy and truly crass movie out this summer than Girls Trip - and I loved every minute of it .
The dynamic between the four friends leaps off the screen and makes `` Girls Trip '' a journey well worth taking .
Unfortunately , the jokes stop being funny about 30 minutes before the end credits roll and the character-based elements are never better than overly familiar .
Perhaps a cliché 'd premise , but director Malcom D. Lee 's Girls Trip manages to work with the well-worn narrative to create something fresh and fun .
Screenwriters Kenya Barris and Tracy Oliver seem to be following a gross-out comedy template , but the two come up with just enough naughty gags to make the familiar journey work .
Hall , Latifah , Haddish and Smith a comedic dream team I hope get the opportunity to reunite soon .
Pinkett Smith and Queen Latifah are as reliable as ever onscreen . And Regina Hall gives one of her best performances as Ryan , who keeps on telling everyone you can `` have it all '' even as her own marriage tells a different story .
Girls Tripis n't just notable for its foul-mouthedsense of humor ; it tells a story that celebrates black sisterhood , female sexuality , and most rewardingly , self-respect .
For some reason with this film , the wildness feels wilder , the vulnerability rawer and the sisterhood stronger .
Girls Trip is funny and consistently entertaining , with female-empowering sexual content that will take your breath away .
Warm-hearted but raunchy comedy has nudity , sex , language .
The ladies-on-the-loose comedy that everyone needs right now , even if they do n't know it yet .
Malcolm D. Lee 's film at least it goes down easy . Easy like a Sunday-morning hangover .
It 's hard to dislike a picture about four zany women that includes a reference to `` Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom . ''
`` Girls Trip '' is the funniest movie of its kind since `` Bridesmaids . '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Nudity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
After watching Girls Trip , it 's a battle for second place for the funniest comedy of 2017 . Nothing else is going to come close .
` Girls Trip ' is about friendship and loyalty . But that warm foundation is also fertile ground for ladies on the loose in the Big Easy . Director Malcolm D. Lee and his quartet of ready-to-play actresses hit the streets running .
Haddish is so incandescently filthy that a new ratings system should be developed to accommodate her .
`` Girls Trip '' accomplishes exactly what it sets out to do : shock and amuse . Along the way , it reminds us how important old friends can be .
One thing is for certain : Girls Trip should make a star of Tiffany Haddish ...
For the most part , `` Girls Trip '' balances sincere sentiment and boisterous comedy with honesty and skill , and for people who like their comedy a little nasty , this one 's a blast .
Now this is how you do a female raunch comedy .
Girls Trip is just fun , a movie that-even within the context of its broad , exaggerated humor-never seems to be trying too hard .
Sexy , sharply written and beautifully acted ...
Among the funniest movies of the year , period .
Bridesmaids proved that women could be just as smutty onscreen as men , but this fast-paced comedy is ruder , cruder , funnier , and more explicit .
`` Girls Trip '' is a hilarious reminder that we all need a Flossy Posse to make us laugh until our sides ache and give it to us straight when no one else will .
Girls Trip is a very good time .
The film is audacious and unabashed in its determination to draw laughs from material that takes vulgarity to the extreme . Some of it works while a lot of it is just head-shakingly awful .
-LSB- the screenwriters -RSB- give us four cliched characters with the usual friendship and life obstacles , mix in pee showers and a couple of penises , then wrap it all up in sisterhood . If all it takes to make you laugh is a naked man , this one 's for you .
By trying to be both grossly outlandish and sweetly endearing , the movie is alternately crass and mawkish .
Fierce and funny , Girls Trip will inspire real-life Flossy Posse girls to go on their own getaway without dudes or kids - even if it 's just to the corner bar .
Haddish is a wild-card actress that Lee keeps playing in Girls Trip , and he draws an inside straight nearly every time .
While there is n't a whole lot distinguishing the film from all the other movies featuring women behaving ... however the f -- they want to behave , it does try and elevate itself a little by asking the age-old question : What does it mean to have it all ?
The no-holds-barred comedy generally works , largely thanks to a game cast that plunges into the raunchy material with gleeful abandon .
A concerning four writers worked on the script , which may be why it 's so long and heavily episodic . But they created many quotable lines , a must for any comedy .
At its best , `` Girls Trip '' takes you someplace as entertaining as it is familiar .
Pops with next-level ribaldry and smack talk , especially in its first half . But in the remaining hour , the laughs arrive less often as the gender politics grow weirder .
Consistently manages to rework and even reinvigorate some severely worn-out conceits , setups and character types , mostly by complicating gender roles with class issues .
A raunchy , good-hearted celebration of friendship ; as funny as it needs to be , and possibly funnier .
Each time the script wobbled into cliché , I cringed . The actresses are too talented to flail on hallucinogens . But they launch into idiocy with so much energy that even the dumbest scenes lift-off .
I ca n't wait to see this film again -LRB- and again -RRB- , and to watch Haddish in whatever she does next .
In a summer starved for quality comedy , Girls Trip is a welcome blast .
The girls of `` Girls Trip '' prove that women can be many things : powerful , naughty , gross , hilarious and sexy , while still lifting each other up .
A big crowd-pleasing comedy that 's a little too long , squishy , and sloppy for its own good .
It might not transcend the friends-behaving-badly genre , but it does manage its share of naughty laughs and token emotion , all with New Orleans serving as a fetching backdrop .
A potent mix of crass , sass , and -LRB- whoa -RRB- class .
An important reminder of how the rest of American culture needs to catch up when it comes to cultural appropriation and the way black women are talked about and portrayed .
Girls Trip turns a familiar formula into something funny , fresh and hugely charming .
See it to witness motor-mouthed/potty-mouthed Tiffany Haddish have her Chris Tucker/breakout moment in the movies .
`` Girls Trip '' does n't hesitate to earn its R rating , and some of its best moments are its bawdiest -LRB- thanks largely to Tiffany Haddish -RRB- . The movie has its flaws , but they 're tough to remember in the face of the fun it provides for two hours .
Tiffany Haddish gives the kind of turn - like Michael Keaton in `` Night Shift '' or Jack Black in `` High Fidelity '' - that makes you want to see her in everything and wonder why she is n't everywhere already .
It 's very unique and will leave its own lasting imprint on the good-girls-gone-wild genre .
The vulnerability displayed by the female characters is touching without veering into saccharine territory .
This not-so-original but well executed and hilarious comedy is sparked by breakout actress Tiffany Haddish . This is the funniest and raunchiest film featuring a group of actors to come out since Bridesmaids !
Girls Trip wants to be shocking but is so pedestrian it has no surprise .
I saw the film in a theater full of sisters who laughed so loudly that I must have missed half the picture 's punchlines .
Girls Trip 's black female quartet confirms the all-American commitment to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
Were the jokes in Girls Trip funnier it would be far easier to overlook the flaws which mar the experience . There are some laughs to be had in the movie , but the balance of serious elements and humor never feels right .
There 's a genuine sense of friendship , and comedy throughout , that make the film one of this summer 's most surprising comedies .
Hall , Queen Latifah , and Pinkett Smith are sensational , but it 's Tiffany Haddish 's performance as Dina that will solidify -LSB- Girls Trip -RSB- as one the best comedies of the summer .
I never expected Girls Trip to be the funniest film of the year but it is . Girls Trip is not only raunchy comedy done right but feminism done right .
Where Rough Night apparently failed , Girls Trip succeeds , perfectly capturing what it feels like when women who genuinely love each other let their hair down together and just have a good time
The Bridesmaids ai n't got nothin ' on these girls ... The funniest movie of the summer .
`` Girls Trip '' has something for everyone - provided that they 're old enough to see a hard-R-rated comedy , and not so easily offended that an explicit demonstration of the so-called `` grapefruit technique '' would send them running for the exits .
The progression from raunchy , raucous laughs into dramatic conflict and then out the other side into the uplifting empowerment of sisterhood and self-worth is n't entirely seamless , but there 's too much dizzy pleasure here to get hung up on the flaws .
Unlike some similar comedies about grownup friends , the four core characters are actually likeable .
Tiffany Haddish is the best thing going in a film that has plenty else to recommend it , especially for audiences eager to see a truly wild summer comedy .
We 're in it for the ride , the company , and the pure pleasure of watching these women , and the actresses playing them , embrace an independence Hollywood doles out too grudgingly .

@highlight

Girls Trip is the rare R-rated comedy that pushes boundaries to truly comedic effect -- and anchors its laughs in compelling characters brought to life by a brilliantly assembled cast .