It 's brilliantly directed with a quiet passion of its own by arguably Great Britain 's most artistic indie director , Terence Davies .
A Quiet Passion is a whirling look at the divinity of the imagination .
One of the film 's strengths is that we hear the poems read in voiceover after an event that likely inspired them , or at least is thematically compatible .
The biopic is focused on mortality , but it hardly has a pulse .
A Quiet Passion would have benefited from a subtler lightening of the shadows , if only to better appreciate the darkness which was to engulf the reclusive poet .
It is true parlor intrigue - a room where perhaps a quarter of the film takes place - in which the wickedest things are the barbed epigrams , and the dramas are life 's familiar woes ...
From the opinionated and deliberate young Emily Dickinson to her eventual decision to live as a real-life `` madwoman in the attic , '' it 's a haunting portrait of one of America 's most celebrated voices .
... this unlikely biopic detailing the chaste life of American poet Emily Dickinson is as fresh and queer as any new film to be released this year ...
Though set nearly 150 years ago , Terence Davies ' exquisite Emily Dickinson biopic `` A Quiet Passion '' is vitally relevant , as it spans centuries to reveal an agile female intelligence and willful body unable to fit into this prejudiced world .
Directing from his own screenplay , British art-house favourite Terence Davies manages to inject laughter and life into what could easily have been a very dry and depressing story . Cynthia Nixon makes a spirited and straight-talking Emily .
-LSB- A Quiet Passion -RSB- also serves to remind why we still study and read Dickinson more than a hundred years after her death .
An intelligent and witty film that presents a somewhat glossy version of Emily Dickinson 's life . At two hours in length , it takes its time to explore the characters deeply , but may have benefitted from a slightly less indulgent script .
A Quiet Passion , like most films about writers , sticks to the life that can be dramatised , rather than the writing process , which ca n't .
Davies and Nixon work in perfect tandem in A Quiet Passion , penning a letter from the past that refuses to draw parallels to our current situation .
The secret triumph of A Quiet Passion is to foreground the poet 's instantaneous wit in front of the more stuffily serious things about her personality .
I ca n't say that I was n't a trifle bored at times , but Davies seeks to enlighten us about the incongruities of the period : The quest for transcendence set against the starched rigors of parlor life , for example .
None of these moments would bring anyone to appreciate Emily Dickinson 's passionate poetry .
Skip the movie , and spend an hour reading her poems instead .
It 's a film made in the image of Dickinson and her poetry , in other words : starkly original , but without much show of fuss .
Emily Dickinson might be famous for living as a ghost -- dressed in white , shut in her bedroom -- but she comes to life in A Quiet Passion as infinitely complicated .
Emily Dickinson is a tough nut to crack , but Cynthia Nixon has the right tools .
Davies does n't shrink from the challenges this darkened mood poses for his audience .
Emily seems to forever be fighting convention , but she leads such a stilted life she makes convention seem like the better alternative .
Davies keeps the drama compelling and the humour sharp .
It 's a singular life , marred by the fact that Dickinson did n't live to enjoy the admiration her poems now attract . And I ca n't think of another director with the sensibility to put it on screen .
When one artist makes a film about another artist , you can be reasonably sure the first sees something of a mirror in the second . That 's true here in Terence Davies ' beautiful , formally demanding and quite searing portrait of the poet Emily Dickinson .
The sort of deft filmmaking on display here is becoming all too rare and serves as a reminder that taking one 's time and allowing the viewer to drink in a story and all it has to say has its own rewards .
A film about a poet takes a special touch from a director , and here , Terence Davies got it right .
Whereas that masterpiece memorialized moments in the filmmaker 's upbringing , A Quiet Passion memorializes invented moments in Emily Dickinson 's long day 's journey into night and makes them no less indelible .
The film employs technology undreamed of in Dickinson 's time to evoke a poetic , transcendent sensation : ` The Carriage held but just Ourselves -- And Immortality . '
Much like Davies himself , she is making art to save her life .
A caustic , witty and brittle portrait of Emily Dickinson that wo n't be to every taste .
Dickinson 's struggle against lifelong underestimation had its light side . Sometimes wrenchingly sad , A Quiet Passion is a funny movie , by far Davies ' funniest .
`` A Quiet Passion '' presents Dickinson as a figure both heroic and tragic , determined to live her life her way , despite the great cost .
Davies has crafted a literate and probing biography .
I wish I could say A Quiet Passion is a great film , but it is not . It 's overly long and often static .
Simmers intently beneath a veneer of cool propriety , just as its subject herself did ... a richly textured expression of its maker 's distinctive voice , in the processing capturing Dickinson 's as well .
Nixon delivers a masterful performance , giving us a heroine who ca n't cease digging herself into ever deeper holes . She 's never out of step with the film 's graceful pace and narrative development .
If you have a hankering for a subtle , intelligent drama , you should n't miss it .
Perhaps `` A Quiet Passion '' is n't academic enough , but the impact of influence and need is felt profoundly , delivering a depiction of Emily Dickinson that feels alive and authentic .
Exquisitely measured portrait of the waning days of the prolific poet Emily Dickinson , unrecognized in her time , bearing afflictions , immersing herself in family ... a muted yet wry portrait of a very shy person making the most of her 19th-century life .
At heart , this film is less about -- The art of poetry -- And more about life lived for truth -- And not mere piety .
A Quiet Passion does succeed in portraying the ultimate irony : that a woman whose life was filled with so much anguish could leave behind such a rich legacy of literary beauty .
This is a film of subtle beauty .
It 's not easy to do justice to such a beloved , enigmatic artist , but `` A Quiet Passion '' was well worth the wait .
The dependably astonishing Cynthia Nixon is Emily Dickinson in A Quiet Passion , the latest in Terence Davies ' exquisitely made string of costume dramas .
A melancholy mood piece for the ages !
A Quiet Passion , director Terence Davies ' beautiful but problematic biopic , wastes no time establishing its heroine as iconoclastic .
Overall , A Quiet Passion is interesting if not always enjoyable , although it gets better as it moves along and will probably resonate most with the 19th-century poet 's fans .
Alternately theatrical and cinematic , stilted and impassioned , A Quiet Passion may not stick tightly to the known facts of Dickinson 's biography , but it brings her alive with surprising immediacy .
While far from flawless , this movie does n't leave you feeling empty .
The rich imagery and controlled composition seem alternately to highlight Dickinson 's unfettered art and to mock her sadly fettered life .
What if the cinematic approach to the poet 's life could approximate her eccentric punctuation-full of dashes where commas usually roam-her abrupt shifts in focus , and her piercing gaze at eternity ? If you could do that you 'd have A Quiet Passion
A Quiet Passion ... contains one of the best scenes of 2017 , as Dickinson chews out her newspaper 's publisher for altering the punctuation of her highly stylized words .
Nixon channels Dickinson 's impatient wit , her prickly demeanor and her nagging doubts . Her stellar performance in A Quiet Passion is a fit match for Davies ' astringent portrait of the great poet .
This is an admirable and moving film but , unfortunately its virtues do n't begin to include some of the greatest virtues of its subject .
A Quiet Passion 's manneredness overwhelmed me at times , but it is very effective - chilling , even - in its charting of one woman 's disappointed journey to the rhetorical coda of her own life : `` Why has the world become so ugly ? ''
Stick with it , and keep your eyes on Nixon ; a still , gentle-voiced presence whose eyes glow like blue embers .
A delicate and measured drama that plumbs the depths of the poet 's strange heart and the agony of her intelligence .
As imagined by actor Nixon and her supporting players , Emily might as well be one of those pressed flowers , shut up in a book to amaze and amuse the reader -LRB- and moviegoer -RRB- another day . That day is here .
The film wants us to look beyond the surface and celebrate the brightly burning soul that turned pain and introspection into some of the loveliest poetry ever created .
Davies chooses to mark Dickinson 's life story not so much by specific events , but by her character , and Nixon captures the many facets of it with bite and empathy .
Dickinson 's isolated intelligence and artistry are subjects unique to Davies 's filmmaking . A kind of creative fury - apparent in Davies 's radical formalism -LRB- and made vivid by actress Cynthia Nixon -RRB- - is what drives this movie .
A Quiet Passion is an entrancing achievement that does justice to its subject , and more proof that Davies is one of the unsung heroes of film still alive and working today .
There 's more quiet than passion here . But the film is beautifully rendered and paints an exquisite , if at times painful , portrait of Dickinson and the severe New England religion that both shaped and vexed her .
... deliberately paced but rewards patience as it captures Dickinson 's sardonic wit while chronicling her Deep South upbringing during the Civil War , and melancholy adulthood filled with physical and psychological turmoil .
A Quiet Passion is about the life we lead in private and our attempts to please both the public and private spheres . Cynthia Nixon is nothing short of luminous .
Davies specializes in period pieces and here he captures Dickinson 's miserable isolation and terrible intelligence perfectly .
Cynthia Nixon is a great Emily , so deeply angry , so heartbreaking in her fool 's life of stoic suffering . The other splendid performance is a triumph of unorthodox casting : 1970s hippy actor Keith Carradine as Emily 's stern patriarchal father .
No lie : it 's a difficult film , dense with words and ideas , focused on an often frustrating protagonist . Still , you have to admire its austerity , its refusal to romanticize , and its fearless commitment .
Davies works Dickinson 's poetry into the script , resulting in violently bipolar shifts in mood and overly mannered dialogue . The writing is here , but the author is much harder to pinpoint .
Poet Emily Dickinson is focus of thoughtful , serious biopic .
I appreciate -LSB- Davie 's -RSB- desire to counteract the usual romantic cinematic clichés of divinely inspired tortured souls , but he 's overcorrected and created an anti-cliché : the harridan as heroine .
A brilliant chronicling of a life lived quietly , one that is sweeping in its emotional depth rather than its narrative scope .
It is through Nixon 's brilliant performance that `` A Quiet Passion '' illuminates , complicates and ultimately transcends the mystery of its subject 's confinement .
A Quiet Passion is wittier , in its early stretches , than anyone might have foreseen , but it 's when the door closes , and the Dickinsons are alone with their trepidations , that the movie draws near to its rightful severity .
Nixon mesmerizes with a performance that never panders and speaks only in truth to Dickinson 's fragile state of mind .
Like her writing , the film has a moody , dry exterior that conceals a fiendishly sharp wit . It 's also an unusually smart film , combining emotional resonance with brainy conversation , even as it moves at a glacial pace .
Nixon vividly telegraphs both her character 's convictions and her deep physical and emotional suffering .
Nixon is splendid . Davies makes connection between the art and the life clear as light .
It is grounded , and made most exemplary , by Cynthia Nixon 's performance .
In a series of portrait episodes , Davies treads Dickinson 's biographical terrain without presuming to editorialize ; instead , Dickinson 's poetry speaks for itself in voiceover .
It 's Davies 's screenplay that carries the day-and it 's quite possible that he has never written a script quite as full of sharp , cutting wit as this one .
The film delivers a beautiful , sometimes witty , often desperately sad portrait of an artist all too aware of the injustice of being unread in her lifetime .
Davies is n't afraid to show the darker side of the sometimes melancholy poet - like the Turner biopic from a few years ago , this is the portrait of the artist as a conflicted and altogether human creative force .
Thoughtful , emotional and often surprisingly funny , Terence Davies offers a rich if inconsistent portrait of a unique poet long deserving of a big-screen study .
Filmmaker and subject are a match made in heaven that , cohabiting in Davies ' delirious head , gives histrionic a good name .
As the sisters ' lives slide into an autumnal dark age , Davies ' artificiality gives way to emotional nakedness that 's at times hard to watch .
Cynthia Nixon is superlative in her portrayal of a woman who lived a privileged but increasingly cloistered life as she struggled with personal faith and physical illness .
Cynthia Nixon plays Emily Dickinson , whose poetry and life is a perfect match for the signature style of director Terence Davies : rich in detail , deeply enigmatic , and weighed down with a kind of sparkling , joy-tinged sorrow .
Mr. Davies , whose work often blends public history and private memory , possesses a poetic sensibility perfectly suited to his subject and a deep , idiosyncratic intuition about what might have made her tick .
Like Dickinson 's poetry , is alive , accessible and urgent .
Davies ' screenplay is a marvel of wit and compassion , revealing humor and tragedy in the life of a woman few knew .
`` A Quiet Passion '' is the work of a master craftsman whose interest has always been the ways outer reality frames and shapes our inner landscapes .
What 's surprising about A Quiet Passion , given the writer-director 's own incurable melancholy , is how lively , how flat-out funny , it frequently is .
Cynthia Nixon is simply magnificent as Emily Dickinson in director Terence Davies ' gentle yet subversively fierce and funny look at the life and art of the great American poet .
A film that contrasts the youth and maturity of the writer Emily Dickinson in a subtle and malicious way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the visuals and steady shots are often relaxing , at the heart is a searing and soulful performance of an anguished artist born into the wrong time .
A Quiet Passion is one of the most unique and mesmerizing films of the year .
Despite the overall stuffiness of A Quiet Passion , Davies ' script is frequently a delight of dialogue and Nixon and Ehle are a perfect match .
Some filmmakers direct in prose - strong declarations , decisive actions , emphatic characters . Terence Davies directs in poetry .
To be fair , even Nixon and Jennifer Ehle sometimes have trouble with Davies 's ornate dialogue . But Nixon is so determined to get to the heart of this great poet that she does eventually reach it toward the end .
A visually stunning and brilliantly acted biopicture of Emily Dickinson .
Davies honors his subject by remaining true to this observation from the poet herself : `` To live is so startling , it leaves but little room for other occupations . ''
The final scenes are potent enough to save the movie .
Although prone to melodrama , Davies 's film is full of rat-tat-tat dialogue and softly spoken verse , while also dabbling in gender politics . Nixon devours the camera .
Terence Davies is British cinema 's great chronicler of subdued , pent-up existences .
Tension is the film 's main preoccupation and its most precise profundity : the blunt , exhausting pain of living alone and in one 's own head .
Nixon 's Dickinson is simultaneously fearless and brittle , and her superb performance helps vivify a film that is , by necessity , housebound .
As if to evoke the poet 's famous use of dashes , ellipses and commas , the film manages to be an exercise in controlled fitfulness . Unlike Dickinson 's beloved poetry , however , it does n't quite work .
Davies 's screenplay is remarkable mostly for an archness and artifice that are only partially redeemed by several of the performances -- from an entirely committed Nixon , to be sure , but especially from Jennifer Ehle .
A Quiet Passion has all the wished-for clarity - of vision and of character - but it is not so certain of its subject as to enclose her and divest her of what she prized most : her soul 's independence .
As with Davies 's last film , Sunset Song , practically every frame could be a painting . He is a cherish-ably singular film-maker .
As a general rule poetry does not make good cinema , but this one succeeds more than most .
Davies achieves a tableau realism that enables him to dissect the manners and mores of 19th-century America with elegance and sincerity .
Nixon is superb as Emily Dickinson , the 19th-century poet who , along with Walt Whitman , took American verse into the modern age .
Nixon captures the frustration of a woman out of her time , raging against religion , sexism and war , and imbuing Dickinson with a wry sense of her own fate .
This is a moving and engrossing film , and a wonderful performance from Nixon , who combines delicacy with angularity ; vulnerability and defiance .
Davies depicts suffocation near-suffocatingly . To love the film you just have to spend time in the pressure chamber of its singularity .
Achingly sensitive in all departments , not least in Nixon 's quiveringly intense bluestocking workout . But it aches too loudly .
Dickinson is a lifelong spectator , but Nixon imbues her with pathos via an exquisitely pained sensitivity .
This contrast between inner life and outer claustrophobia seeps through each frame of A Quiet Passion , which manages to both grasp at the essence of this strange poet while also allowing space for the mystery of her genius to remain a mystery .
It 's rare to see a film that makes such subtle sense of an artist 's life and mind .
Emily Dickinson is played by Cynthia Nixon , in a nuanced turn that remains a vital anchor .
Much of what 's interesting about Dickinson comes from her written work , and while writer/director Terence Davies attempts to derive drama from her day-to-day life , he fails to create a captivating story .
As the cliché has it , this is the magic of the movies -- but the whole point is that no magic is used . You see only a physical process , which is nevertheless impressive to watch , and which prompts questions that are not going to be answered .
Cynthia Nixon 's Oscar-worthy performance inhabiting the mind and body of American poet Emily Dickinson would be the envy even of Meryl Streep .
A historical film , like all good analysis of the past , makes us see the answers to the present , and the possible solutions , or problems , that the future will bring . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Quiet Passion becomes both a celebration of the creative spirit , and a poignant reminder of its fragility .
What 's beautiful about the reclusive Dickinson 's biography remains inside her head and , despite Cynthia Nixon 's earnest portrayal , her verse .
Davies , the most interiorized of English filmmakers , shows his devotion through his fidelity to text , trying portray as much as he can of the poet 's sad but notoriously uneventful life .
A feature fashioned with the utmost meticulousness and aesthetic rigour .
A film of an irresistible aesthetic appeal where the claustrophobia and the abundance of poems that illustrate each scene may end up creating some irritation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Davies films with an unsettling omniscience . The chilly atmosphere and deliberate style look beautifully -LRB- but undeniably -RRB- staged .
This film seems that cuts off certain aspects of the story that were vital but is still a competent drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Davies has honored the enormous gravity with which she viewed the events and personages that made up her domestic sphere - `` I ca n't imagine myself beyond my family , '' as she puts it .
More like a good idea instead of a good film . Only worth seeing because is a film about a the work of great author . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A biopic that recovers the fascinating and complex relationship between the writer and his publisher , with the intention to portray a very particular creative process . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Terence Davies 's biography and vision of the poet builds an universe attentive to every detail . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A simple but sublime film that transcends the everyday life of its character to reach the person and her work , her nobility and her poetry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm thrilled to say that it 's an absolute drop-dead masterwork .
A great film that , like Dickinson 's work , revolves around our suffering and the ways we choose to hide it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Some stylistic choices -RSB- make A Quiet Passion feel stiff and musty . On the upside , Nixon and Ehle are great .
A Quiet Passion , like all of Terence Davies 's films , does n't lack for density of theme , allusion , and effect .
It 's the sort of biopic that is less about informing or inspiring the viewer and more about evoking the subject 's life .
A Quiet Passion is almost very good but actually nearly intolerable , a very long two hours .
The great theme of Dickinson 's life , Davies argues , is finding solace - not in religion , but in art , and the film itself can boast such moments of quiet catharsis .
In its depiction of physical pain , the film rekindles memories both of Bergman 's Cries And Whispers and of the death scene in Davies 's own Distant Voices , Still Lives .
Arguably Terence Davies ' most profoundly personal film since Of Time and the City .
What sets the film drastically off-balance is its contrastingly finicky impulse to paint Dickinson as one of the rapier wits of her generation .
Davies takes what is known of the poet 's life and turns it into a series of carefully poised dramatic tableaux .
The film ca n't escape an underlying static quality that extinguishes the flame before it can get burning .

@highlight

A Quiet Passion offers a finely detailed portrait of a life whose placid passage may not have been inherently cinematic , but is made more affecting by Cynthia Nixon 's strong performance .