Will it be heartbreak or triumph for the Roosevelt Roughriders ? You will care , passionately .
If the drama that sweeps through The Heart of the Game is any indication , God must have a thing for girls ' basketball .
Writer/director Ward Serrill 's wonderful documentary , about a Seattle high school girls basketball team the Roughriders coached by the inspiring Bill Resler , is a `` Hoop Dreams '' of the early 21st century .
Girls have hoop dreams too . And dreams can come true at the final buzzer .
So many astonishing and inspirational events take place that if The Heart Of The Game was n't such a great documentary , it could have and should have been a box office hit drama .
A nice little documentary that proves that nice guys , and nice girls , do n't always finish last .
It does n't seem appropriate to call it luck , but somehow Mr. Serrill ends up with a story that would make any Hollywood sports movie proud .
Serrill does a good job of grounding the film with the conventions to suck you in and make the team likeable . But then the politics and real stories emerge , which makes the film truly stand apart from the crowd .
-LSB- The film -RSB- covers seven years and touches on some of the same social issues that gave Hoop Dreams its epic sweep , yet Serrill fails to treat any of them adequately , and the narrative loses its shape as events unfold .
Might best be thought of as a female version Hoop Dreams .
A true sports lover 's delight .
The intrusive narration , from hip hopper Chris ` Ludacris ' Bridges , offers little sense of real lives unfolding , more of a way being paved to an , admittedly tense , all-American triumph-over-adversity climax .
Boredom and irritation set in early with this shallow , parochial and blandly celebratory documentary about a US high-school girls ' basketball team , of frankly limited interest to non-US audiences .
It 's packed with left-field twists and turns and culminates in a genuinely nail-biting match where old rivalries come to a head . In the end , it 's all you can do not to stand up and cheer .
It shifts focus too often to hang together as an in-depth portrait of either the unconventional coach or his headstrong star player .
A female version of Hoop Dreams .
... a compelling and insightful glimpse into the convergence of perpetual teenage issues with modern high school athletics , with the entertainment value extending far beyond basketball fans .
The result is nothin ' but net .
Who needs faux melodramatic school sports stories when a real-life documentary like Heart of the Game shows it in living , breathing heart-wrenching color ?
Emotional , uplifting , vexing and infuriating , it 's the first basketball documentary worthy of being compared to 1994 's Hoop Dreams .
A filmmaker of great patience , Serrill chronicled Resler 's teams for several years , demonstrating that if one sticks to a subject long enough , powerful things will emerge .
An astounding drama that spans seven years , wrestling with issues of race , gender and class while capturing the struggles of competition with intelligence and intimacy .
The girls ' theatrical ferocity , relative innocence and youthful earnestness is almost heartbreaking .
Few athletic films , factual or dramatized , have given so keen a sense of how a team builds and changes , and how acutely the grind and elation of a fast , complex sport can shape character and lives .
Occasionally thrilling , often challenging and consistently engaging ...
The film leaves screenwriting duties to the wildest and most creative of the lot : Fate and Chance .
How does a first-time filmmaker put together a documentary as compelling and dramatic as this is ?
Serrill is ... able to generate some genuine suspense , and the ensuing human drama -- most of it swirling around Russell , one of the few black students at the mostly white school -- is fascinating .
Sketchy as it can be at times , The Heart of the Game keeps us involved .
An exhausting and thoroughly entertaining tale of race , fair play , loyalty , pregnancy and the true spirit of amateur athletics .
Serrill touches on important issues ... but what his movie does best is capture the thrill of high-school sports and the offbeat personalities within the game .
Darnellia is an inspiring and engaging heroine , and her story speaks volumes about the marginalization of women 's athletics .
Serrill , making his feature debut after numerous short promotional films , takes a story that is seemingly about one thing , and uses it to gently explore the bigger ideas of gender , race , class , cooperation , competition and what winning really means .
It 's almost impossible to refrain from cheering as if you were right there in the stands .
Serrill 's disciplined , beautifully constructed film is so propulsive , so spiritually triumphant , it 's absolutely one of the best sports docs ever .
Its squeak-and-sweat athleticism , its tough , bruised , big-hearted players and its electrifying championship countdowns should appeal to anyone who loves the game .
Anybody who does n't find themselves on the edge of their seat for this film 's final minutes should n't be going to movies .
-LSB- The Roughriders -RSB- persevere , as did director Serrill , who took his time to find the real heart of this game .
The Heart of the Game is gripping entertainment with a positive message , but it 's hard to escape the feeling that there 's more to this story than Serrill is able or willing to tell us .
Serrill , making his feature debut , did n't plan on spending seven years with the Roughriders . But reality just kept getting more compelling and complicated , and his persistence paid off .
Not a sports documentary but a being-human documentary .
This is a movie about empowerment , integrity and having fun , and those are always in season .
Most certainly , it will make you root for the Roughriders on and off the court .
Serrill could n't have asked for a better script . For a documentary , `` The Heart of the Game '' is high drama indeed . Wonderful .
You 'll be smiling and happy as you leave the The Heart of the Game , with a newfound respect for girls ' basketball and those who play it .
An exhilarating story of loyalty and perseverance , The Heart of the Game succeeds as both inspiration and social commentary .
One of the best documentaries I 've seen this year .
The film is a mildly interesting work that , with judicious pruning , could have been so much more .
A funny , charming , subtly touching documentary that captures the passion and excitement that can be involved in even the most minor league of amateur sports .
It dribbles more often than it scores .
It is fun to watch , stimulating to experience and something you want to share with friends .
The pat inspirational formula is followed to a sweaty T , although it comes here with an inadvertent side effect -- more than a few nagging questions never get answered .
An Oscar-level piece of work .
It 's an incredibly stirring documentary , one which will have you snarling and cheering at the same time .
As Coach Resler tells us early in the film , he is one of the few people privileged to know Darnellia Russell . This is your chance to know her , as well .
` There is nothing more fun than watching you guys play basketball , ' says Resler , at one point , and the great strength of The Heart of the Game is that you ca n't help but agree .
The director frequently got distracted , to the detriment of the film , but the end result is an interesting documentary that is as unpolished and gutsy as the championship-caliber high school hoop stars at the other end of his camera .
Hoop Dreams got remarkably up close and personal with the players and their families ; Heart never really gets past Darnellia 's shy facade .
Yet it is impossible to dislike this basketball-flavored life journey , and for anyone who fondly recalls their days of pounding the hardwood this is certainly a film that ca n't be missed .
By -LSB- the end -RSB- we have come to have real respect for Russell 's determination .
It 's a wrenching , ennobling essay on teamwork and the hard struggle to change one 's life .
... director Ward Serrill finds a myth-ready figure in Bill Resler , the college tax professor who takes over the Roosevelt High School varsity team and uses a combination of crazed passion for the sport and a laid-back personal approach toward the players
It emerges as a captivating and classic sports film . It is also a compelling story about fairness and doing the right thing , from the team level on up to state bureaucracies and the judicial system .
Combines nonstop action with an absorbing story to become a classic on par with Hoosiers and Hoop Dreams -- with the best of He Got Game and Glory Road thrown in for good measure .
It 's a lively , inspirational achievement that will put a lump in your throat .
The dramas going on here , on and off the court , more than make up for any lack of flash .
Serrill 's documentary on a girls ' high school basketball team in Seattle has oodles of heart . What it has n't got is game .
There 's no denying the exuberant energy and emotional force of this movie . It gets to you .
Heart of the Game does contain a powerful human story , but we are forced to watch it from a distance . Serrill never penetrates its fringes .
If you or any kid over the age of 10 has even a half-interest in the definition of the word ` teamwork , ' as well as the words ` real-life suspense , ' this is the movie .
Too much game , not enough heart .
If you are a sports fan , a docu buff or just like a good , inspirational movie , then this is one for you .
This is one of the best docs of this sort I 've seen since `` Murderball , ''
Suffice it to say that an entire team of Hollywood scriptwriters could n't have come up with a better ending .
Genuinely inspiring and free of the drippy platitudes found in most sports-themed films , The Heart of the Game is an exhilarating triumph .
As far as magnetic team leaders go , it 's hard to imagine a Hollywood screenwriter dreaming up a character as colorful as the coach in the basketball documentary , The Heart of the Game .
If you do n't cheer for the high school girls basketball team in the bright documentary The Heart of the Game , you probably slash Mom 's tires every Mother 's Day .
Genuinely touching and unquestionably sincere , the movie certainly has heart -- but it could have used a little more game .
Yet another inspirational documentary that serves up the sort of dynamic characters and genuine intrigue that most of its fictional counterparts would kill for .
the real star of the show is Resler himself -- a sports fanatic whose commitment to the game he loves changes the lives of the girls who play for him .
While this is n't a great documentary -LRB- see Hoop Dreams -RRB- , it 's a likable one ... an inner-city , gender-reversal version of Hoosiers .
` She Got Game ' in a wolf pack attack of high school hoops that 's tough love from beginning to end .
The hoop dreams of the teenage girls in the documentary The Heart of the Game are fairly straightforward if a wee bit intense .
The too-brisk pacing precludes any intimacy with the characters , or any depth of narrative . Heart of the Game asks very little of its audience . And it delivers in kind .
A zealous coach and an extraordinary African-American high school basketball star making beautiful music together by giving themselves up to the Game .
The upbeat film touches on serious issues without becoming lugubrious .
You do n't have to be a basketball player or fan to enjoy this movie . Documentary film-making at its zenith , this takes you on a magic carpet ride .
The film is a furious full-court press , its subjects aflame with the kind of passion only youth can furnish . Even their bruises are luminous .
... falls in the tradition of the best sports films and is well worth seeing .
Given so many narrative strands % u2014Resler 's peculiar coaching philosophies , the drawn-out eligibility battle , Russell 's problems coping with school and personal demons , and the team 's annual push for the state championship % u2014director Ward Serrill cho
The Heart of the Game is a sweet , engaging journey with the Roosevelt Roughriders , whose kindly coach encourages the girls to snarl like wolves and devour like lions .
Heart of the Game scores some telling points while tweaking gender stereotypes , playfully provoking thought while seriously suggesting that dunking and dribbling can be important steps toward self-empowerment .
-LSB- An -RSB- inspirational tale , which values team spirit even as it celebrates the will of two talented individuals .
Uses its copious basketball footage and revealing player interviews to deftly chart Darnellia 's trials and tribulations as well as the squad 's eventual embrace of a selfless , teamwork-first ethos .
If a late-middle-age tax professor can coach a girls ' basketball team , there is hope for all of us .
gives a gentle , understated understanding to rural and suburban life in Seattle and to the game
It 's uplifting and inspiring to see a coach who brings out the best in his girls . Like the documentary Hoop Dreams , this turns out to be a whole lot more than just a movie about basketball .



@highlight

This group of high school girls and their eccentric basketball coach easily win your heart with their unusual humanity and dynamism .