Far from being a spoof on the genre , Shoot 'Em Up is an action movie with the flab removed - with no more than maybe ten minutes of exposition , you 're left with a series of interconnecting money shots , each one more gooey than the last .
Merrily amoral , shamelessly watchable and outlandishly funny , Shoot 'Em Up is not for all tastes , but those with a dark sense of humor will have a ball .
Say what you will about Bugs Bunny , at least he never needed a backstory .
... it 's certainly impossible to deny the effectiveness of the three central performances .
Clive Owen is ideally cast as the likeable loner -LRB- with a tragedy in his past , of course -RRB- whose self defence and killing efficiency is declared with deadpan delivery .
... painfully uncool one-liners , a flat performance from Clive Owen , a disgusting job by Paul Giamatti and a plot that reveals itself to be idiotic .
Shoot 'em Up dispenses with plot , character development and coherency , but it 's a blast all the same .
... essentially just one long chase sequence that becomes much too monotonous much too soon .
a sometimes hilarious , sometimes eye-goggling reductio ad absurdum of the action flick to its barest kinetic essentials - like one of those porn compilations of money shots , only in a different genre .
After about an hour , though , it all becomes a mind-numbing barrage .
One can certainly be amused and entertained by writer-director Michael Davis 's hyperbolic action frolics -- I was -- but not without feeling pretty low and stupid .
... arguably the best-directed movie of the year .
... an affectionate , often very funny Simpsons parody of its whole eponymous genre . It 's a live-action McBane as co-directed by Quentin Tarantino and Chuck Jones ... . Shoot 'Em Up is Hot Fuzz gone to the Dark Side .
In its essence it 's nothing but a violent live action Bugs Bunny cartoon and I dug it .
Uma versão idiota de Filhos da Esperança .
It 's just gunfights strung together , without a whisper of coherence or meaning .
The whole thing is supposed to be played for laughs , but it is too bloody , too brutal and too sadistic to be remotely amusing .
It is obvious that this is a movie where the filmmakers knew exactly what they were doing , which is why I believe this movie will live on much longer than its box office receipts indicate .
Forget style over substance ; the style is the substance here , and it 's hard to complain when it 's all , quite simply , so much damn fun .
The cast alone makes it worth seeing this semi-serious satire of cowboy diplomacy action flicks .
Witless misfire .
Watching Shoot 'Em Up was akin to watching latter-day Saturday Night Live : I could tell what they meant to be going for , but the comedy just fell flat flat flat .
A deliberately excessive homage to John Woo .
For the most part , this is strictly kiss kiss , bang bang , yawn yawn .
While it 's easy to curse Hollywood after watching this film with grumbling words like ` ridiculous , ' ` oh , come on ! ' and ` utterly unrealistic , ' remember : director Michael Davis clearly was n't trying to be realistic .
While gorehounds and fanboys will line up -LRB- if only to see two examples of death by carrot stick -RRB- , it 's 50-50 as to whether other palates will savor this particular dish .
Shoot 'Em Up is too silly for its glib violence to seem mean , and too dumb to mean anything , or take notes on , but it 's not without wit .
But by the time it 's done with all the `` phallic mumbo jumbo , '' the movie does n't seem to be saying much that 's new .
The most audacious , implausible , cheerfully offensive , hyperactive action picture I 've seen since , oh , Sin City , which in comparison was a chamber drama .
The term ` suspending disbelief ' has n't been this apropos since Democrats watched President Bush take the oath of office .
Michael Davis ' new film asks the question , `` What would happen if you took your average action-movie mayhem-a-thon , eliminated all the boring parts -LRB- like motivation and character development -RRB- and then called it what it is : ` Shoot 'Em Up ' ?
Impressively directed , frequently silly but nonetheless enjoyable thriller that delivers exactly what the title suggests - 86 minutes of non-stop shoot - 'em - up fun .
It pokes fun at the American obsessions of guns , breasts and violence , says the producer . But can we have a proper storyline next time round , Mr Davis ?
Thanks to its sneakily subversive tone -LRB- the plot , with heavy irony , involves gun control -RRB- and grandstand performances , the flashy result mostly hits the target .
The film is so fast it is over almost before it begins and so empty-headed it demands little but your inertia . On the way there are moments of weird charm , conjured by the movie 's velocity .
OTT action and amoral humour are the entire point .
Brit writer/director Michael Davis deserves top marks for his sharp shooting .
There are laughs in Owen 's loathing of various male affectations but it 's ultimately wearyingly crude and calculating .
A smattering of great one-liners and a sense of its own ridiculousness make this the movie of the week by a mile .
It is utter nonsense and completely reprehensible morally . But it 's an outrageous amount of fun .
The inspired action sequences are brilliantly staged and imaginatively shot , and at 86 minutes it does n't outstay its welcome .
A film that would be odious were it not realised with such verve and gleeful , inventive ` Looney Tunes ' audacity , and only a trim 86 minutes long .
A bold , brash blast of a movie that will fade from memory like a puff of gunsmoke but still has the cordite whiff of a future cult hit about it for the leathered-at-2am crowd . Just do n't expect plot or much depth .
Bang , bang you 're dead : Clive Owen romps his way through Shoot 'Em Up , an outrageously shoddy , audaciously choreographed exploitation flick that loves the smell of gunpowder in the morning .
This is seedy , morally defunct , low-IQ cinema for airheads : it 's toe-curlingly violent and mostly plain nasty , but quite fun in a debauched kind of way .
Bullets through umbilical cords , shootouts during sex and gunfights in gun factories : this is one movie that does exactly what it says on the tin .
Works on a kind of stripped-down , pure , gleeful violence , committed by characters who are n't capable of anything else .
Completely retarded and totally awesome ...
`` Shoot 'Em Up '' belongs to the `` Transporter '' / `` Smokin ' Aces '' school of modern western grindhouse cinema .
The real problem is that 80 minutes of essentially non-stop action ... are eventually wearying
Perhaps the most refreshingly creative explosion of pure bad taste to come our way in far too long .
Indeed , the entire movie can be seen to exist on the comic ultraviolence spectrum that began with Bugs and Elmer 's arms race from The Rabbit of Seville
With a thunderous pace and an outrageous level of violence and mayhem , this film blasts its way onto the screen , as the title suggests , dragging its reluctant hero into a series of increasingly ludicrous set pieces .
For all its absurdity , the action is good enough to keep adrenaline junkies juiced ...
This swift , rank , enjoyably dark movie presses against so many limits , it achieves the threshold of a new limit .
A depraved B -LRB- ullet -RRB- ovie that may not quite be John Woo 's wet dream , but which is good enough to make the maestro shift uncomfortably in his sleep .
It 's great fun ... until it gets tedious .
A big bloody disappointment .
Rock out with your **** out !
A one-dimensional cinematic treat best savored with one 's brain on pause .
Bullets fly and bad guys die . The action is non-stop and rather original in this hour-and-a-half burst of testosterone .
Ugly , disgusting , revolting , sadistic , and pointless ... If it is intended as a satire , it fails . If it is n't , it is a grotesque disgrace .
Shoot 'Em Up contains several ridiculous sequences , all freshly-minted classics , in which physics are bent , exploited , and flat-out flushed down the toilet .
Offering frenetic , absurdist , over-the-top violence , it 's a silly , smarmy , shell-shocked live-action cartoon .
This movie has got both sex and violence . What more do you want ? A plot that makes sense ?
You would n't believe me if I told you how this movie opens .
Shoot 'Em Up is filled with ingenious moments . This movie is seriously cool .
-LRB- Y -RRB- ou got ta love the primal potency of Shoot 'Em Up . It 's been a long time since any movie has made such a strong connection to our cave dweller cravings .
Giamatti plays his villain role with a purring fervency that implies he wishes he had a properly twirlable mustache .
The excessive but wonderfully creative bloodlust in Shoot 'Em Up takes glorified violence to a new level . Let 's just say the film lives up to its title .
Within the genre of baffling , what-the-hell-is-this ? movies , Shoot 'Em Up is a fine specimen .
Davis rigs his action scenes like intricate and deliciously clever Rube Goldberg devices that are a delight to see play out .
The smartest stupid movie I 've seen this year .
The sum of the movie 's exploding parts adds up to nothing -- not even just good , sick fun .
For mainstream audiences , its whiplash pacing , frenetic camera work and offhand manner toward blood spillage probably will be disturbing .
It 's funny without being toothless , adrenaline turbocharged without being mean , and utterly deranged in the best sense of the word .
If John Woo had directed a Bugs Bunny cartoon written by the creators of South Park , the result might be something like Shoot ` Em Up , but with a crucial difference : Bugs Bunny cartoons were always less than 10 minutes long .
Jaw-dropping only hints at the reaction to the intricately staged fights , especially a shootout between Smith and a dozen or so villains as they step out of a jet and plummet toward Earth sans parachutes .
Even more distressing is the presence of Owen and Paul Giamatti . I understand the concept of working as much as possible while you 're hot , but it 's a slippery slope .
That Giamatti appears in Shoot 'Em Up is bad enough , but he 's not even good in it , chewing the scenery in service of mostly unfunny lines .
A former storyboard artist , Davis orchestrates the film 's nearly wall-to-wall action sequences with breakneck precision and exhilarating verve -- the more outrageous the mayhem , the better .
You know Quentin Tarantino is probably over the hill when he can be so parodied with such deadly precision in Shoot 'Em Up .
This is likely the fastest-moving intentionally funny action movie ever made .
As for a plot , the film is too busy piling up dead bodies to have much of one . And , with dialogue consisting almost entirely of movie poster tag lines , Shoot 'Em Up shoots blanks .
There are only so many ways to shoot people , and the movie gets repetitive in its gleeful nihilism and downright boring when the gunfire stops and characters start trying to explain what little plot exists .
Over-the-top does n't begin to describe Shoot 'Em Up 's set-pieces , most of which are undeniably entertaining .
Shoot â -LRB- TM -RRB- Em Up is like a manual of creative mayhem , a distillation of Sergio Leone Western and John Woo Hong Kong gun-gasm .
The actors , unquestionably and predictably , are leagues better than the material deserves .
Like Quentin Tarantino without the aesthetic posturing , the film is giddy with pop references -- and embraces the sloshy fun of exploitation genre-tweaking ...
Fully dedicated to finding newer and more creative ways to annihilate countless bad guys , Michael Davis ' ultimate guy movie is n't just testosterone-heavy , it 's doused with it , sprayed with diesel , and set ablaze .
It 's inevitable that a movie this trigger-happy shoots itself in the foot .
Bang . Bang . Bang-bang blood , blood , blood . There , you 've seen the movie .
The ultimate target audience will undoubtedly have the added benefit of libations .
Shoot 'em Up will become , I suspect , some kind of legend in the murky depths of extreme action .
Bang ! An instant cult hit ...
It 's a cocktail made up of three parts testosterone to one part brains .
To approximate the experience , simply record a minute-long TV ad , watch it 86 times , and imagine the profanity , scatology and gore that broadcast censors had to cut out of it .
Though it has no real characters and a completely nonsensical plot , it is a welcome respite from other uber-violent movies like 300 that are itself parodies and do n't even realize it .
If you 're a fan of Looney Tunes live action , it does n't get much better than Clive Owen juiced up on beta-carotene .
it 's really nothing more than Charlie 's Angels 2 all over again ... with Clive Owen and a fetish prostitute instead of three young , hot chicks .
The method to the madness behind Shoot 'Em Up is etched in stone from a surreal popcorn perspective drenched in cynicism and silliness .
... clunky dialogue , a patchwork plot and a poor turn from sexpot Bellucci take the air out of this exercise . A couple of cheesy set pieces may be amusing , but on the whole Shoot 'Em Up is a bore .
A tasteless cartoon that uses the high-minded ideals of satire and social commentary to cloak the fact that it is shamelessly pandering to the most base , juvenile parts of our nature .
The movie I 've been waiting for my whole life . Michael Davis is my soul mate .
Loaded for fun , a trigger-happy full-frontal assualt on our senses that really seems to be winking at a whole macho-movie genre .
The film is absolutely nuts , and by the time it was all over I had to spend a couple of minutes tracking down my jaw after it had hit the floor a good 80-minutes or so earlier .
A fun , if messy , compilation of the most absurd action scenes ever put on celluloid .
Shoot 'Em Up is a witless , soulless , heartless movie that mistakes noise for bravura and tastelessness for wit .
There is no wisdom or critical acumen in evidence in Shoot 'Em Up , however . Just 100 or so cool scenes masquerading as a movie .
You might be able to say you had a good time watching it -- but felt dirty about it afterwards .
If there 's a Hell , an honest-to-God place of eternal torment , Shoot 'Em Up would make the ideal introductory video , promising a lifetime of anguish to come .
Writer-director Michael Davis has stripped the action movie down to its essence in a mind-blowing mash-up fueled with testosterone , adrenaline , and weapons-grade explosives .
Badass , unabashedly malicious fun .
-LSB- A -RSB- gloriously deranged orgy of Bugs Bunny-style action and nonstop gunplay ...
a giddy , deranged , pumped-up theme park ride in Bullet Land
The best guilty pleasure of the summer ... arriving just a couple of weeks too late .
ludicrous , ridiculous , campy and wildly over the top , which is just the way it should be .
Shoot 'Em Up is simply wild fun and nothing more , though suspiciously intent on blowing away the whole kick butt genre with a wink , while taking down as many bad guys as possible in sight .
Simultaneously declares its love for over-the-top action movies and demonstrates how ridiculous they are .
Deliriously tasteless and shamelessly entertaining , Shoot 'Em Up is the guiltiest pleasure of the year .
In the end , you care about the characters on screen as much as you do for those in video games , which is not at all .
With its absurd anti-gun `` message , '' the film certainly could be called a satire , yet it remains firmly within the genre it is satirizing .
Ridiculously violent , comically bloody and so over-the-top that one can only view it as a cartoon that just so happens to be live-action . As for the says-it-all title , it is truth in advertising taken to the extreme .
For sheer audacity and adrenaline-fueled carnage , Shoot 'Em Up hits its target pretty much dead on .
I get it that as soon as graphic novels or video games are invoked as references in a movie , we 're all supposed to chuckle indulgently at the content . But I refuse to relinquish my right to be repelled by this nasty piece of work .
For those who can stand the nonstop assault on their sensibilities , it 's delightfully trashy , albeit irresponsible .
There is not yet an expression to describe how over-the-top this hyperkinetic action comedy is , from its John Woo/Rube Goldberg inspired set pieces to its painful self-awareness of its own darned cleverness .
Really , this thing is pretty rank .
The most amoral action film since Crank .
Everything about this neo-noir version of an Itchy & Scratchy marathon is casually ludicrous , right down to its back-handed advocacy of - wait for it - gun control .
Seems in pursuit of being the ultimate ` guy movie , ' but fans of this sort of glamorized killing spree are n't the kind of guy that most guys want to be .
It 's hard to get too worked up about a film whose very title announces its maker 's intent .
A vulgar , smug and willfully stupid movie that 's both a lazy pseudo-parody of action films and a particularly egregious example of the genre itself .
Not one second of the film is anything other than ludicrous , which is exactly why it rocks .
Simultaneously a spoof , throwback , and tribute to the ballets of violence that precede it , Shoot 'Em Up is the guilty pleasure of the year .
Viscerally exciting , but without a brain in its head ... like an outstanding ten-minute audition reel repeated nine times .
If you 're impressed by the way Owen takes out bad guys while holding an infant , wait until you see how he manages mid-climax -LRB- yes , I mean that sort of climax -RRB- .
This hyperkinetic , ultra-violent , guns-a-blazin ' actioner from writer-director Michael Davis can be accused of many things - stupidity , misogyny , the death of American film as we know it - but false advertising is not one of them .
Drinking the full adrenaline-with-a-wink cocktail might be too much , but there 's nothing wrong with sampling it .
a high-impact , adrenaline pumping , laugh-out-loud film that is so preposterously over the top that it is almost poetry
The ` Best Use of a Carrot as a Weapon Award ' goes to Clive Owen as Mr Smith
Smith , in other words , does exactly what you 'd expect the hero of a bloody , trashy , volcanically depraved action movie to do . He just does it a little bit ... more so , and that 's the rollicking good joke of Shoot 'Em Up
Awesome ! Perfect ! Surpasses the high-octane genre . Should not be missed !
This wet dream for action junkies leaves out logic and motivation -- you know , all the boring stuff .
Maintaining a surprisingly light touch and upbeat tone ... Shoot 'Em Up is one of this year 's best guilty pleasures .
Getting worked up over Shoot 'Em Up 's excessive bloodshed is playing right into its hands .
Casts aside some of the sillier macho cliches of the genre for an over-the-top action flick full of dark humor and cartoon violence .
Terrific , envelope-pushing gun fighting that both parodies and pays homage to Sergio Leone and John Woo .
The biggest problem I have with a spoof of action / carnage / car chase / gunfire movies is that this genre is a spoof of real life to begin with . What 's with spoofing a spoof ?
Not only riffing on John Woo 's Hong Kong flicks but cranking up the action until it becomes quite literally a madcap cartoon .
Anyone looking for subtlety , character development or layered plotting will be disappointed , but action fans will find plenty to amuse them .
Fast-paced , ultra-violent , spectacular and preposterous , Shoot 'Em Up may be the most pleasurable , kinetic , and trashy actioner , a truly cult midnight flick , since Rodriguez 's El Mariachi and Desperado .
Good taste is the first fatality in this gonzo thrill-seeker , sure to offend mainstream dispositions , yet too stylistically audacious to dismiss outright .










@highlight

As preposterous and over-the-top as Shoot 'Em Up may be , its humor and non-stop action make for a very enjoyable film .