Every big comic setpiece plays like an idea for a comic setpiece rather than the finished article .
Although the ingredients are all there , set to rise , something is missing , some crucial element to lift it up .
Sequel to the mediocre Ben Stiller comedy `` Meet The Parents '' is a bawdier but inferior movie that relies on the star power of Dustin Hoffman and Barbara Streisand as Stiller 's Florida-dwelling Jewish hippie parents Bernie and Roz to fuel its ill-timed toi
A consistently entertaining , sometimes uproariously funny film .
Repeats itself and strains for laughs where the original giddily stumbled through them .
Milk bottles and related metaphors feature prominentlyas breast fetish stand-ins , but with a decidely peculiar asymmetrical preference for just the left one .
Has its smattering of laughs , but the new faces bring fewer dividends than the elemental De Niro/Ben Stiller showdown of the original .
full review in Greek
Meet the Fockers is frequently funny , but it turns a bit too cruel in the third act to be as worthy a sequel to its predecessor as it could have been
This sequel 's title indicates the content : smutty , silly and liable to make you smirk despite yourself .
Fans of the first will find some amusement in familiarity , but with such a comically able cast this is a missed opportunity .
The expected misunderstandings ensue , as you 'd expect , which would be pretty excruciating if not for the performances of Hoffman and Streisand .
Meet The Fockers has assembled a historic , once-in-a-lifetime cast , then stranded them in the laziest , most mercenary kind of sequel imaginable . It 's like the 1927 Yankees taking on the Special Olympics softball team .
-LSB- Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand -RSB- seem to have been waiting their whole careers to do unrestrained comedy , and they step into their roles with unparalleled enthusiasm .
Amazing how altering one vowel from the king of all cuss words can spawn a movie franchise .
... just as mediocre and gratingly unfunny as its predecessor ...
Catch it on HBO for the sheer delight of everything Hoffman and Streisand do . It 's fun to meet the Fockers themselves , but the rest of the movie can stay home .
Mildly amusing ... but joke repetition and a greater emphasis on outrageousness and vulgarity release a strong scent of the writers ' desperation .
This sequel , like most , is inferior to the original , but it is hard not to like these characters .
As far as completely pointless , redundant , superfluous sequels go , it could have been a lot worse . At least it was n't ZOOLANDER 2 - MORE ZOOLANDISH
Hoffman , in particular , is a delight - he has an infectious comic energy that seems to light up the rest of the cast .
A pergunta é : você quer transformar o título brasileiro desta produção em realidade ?
Very often vulgar and tasteless , and though there are some unexpected bursts of humor and even charm in the proceedings , it 's light years away from Chekhov .
` Quizá tenga una historia muy boba y situaciones absurdas llevadas al extremo , pero de eso se trata : de hacer reír con bobadas '
Although not as disarmingly funny the second time around , inspired casting means that , unlike most in-laws , the Fockers do n't outstay their welcome .
so exaggerated that it veers wildly and awkwardly into pure , outlandish farce
Even Stiller , who I 've always appreciated , seems to be going through the motions here .
Gauge your interest by how you liked Parents and you wo n't be disappointed .
The abundance of talent gathered for Meet the Fockers is sadly shortchanged by the unimaginative script and directorial laissez faire .
-LSB- Hoffman and Streisand -RSB- make a wonderful team , but it 's too bad the material is n't fresher and more worth their time and yours .
It does what few comedies achieve , literally giving me a laugh a minute , sometimes good , deep belly laughs .
A vulgar farce that is n't remotely amusing .
Clearly contrived , yet at times undeniably funny . Still , from this cast , you may be expecting more substance and less sophomore .
No se trata de una obra de arte ni una competidora a los Oscar , pero ... A quin le importa eso cuando lo que uno busca es rerse un poco ?
... -LSB- a -RSB- star-studded but tediously uneven low-brow sequel ... Meet the Fockers is pretty much a flavorless family affair to forget
The awkward , uncomfortable charms of the previous picture have here been replaced with an aggressive vulgarity that bears not even a passing resemblance to human behavior .
Fockers has the combined subtlety of a libido-mad bull elephant and a bad case of flatulence in church , but that 's the kind of movie it is .
You should get your kicks from the Fockers .
Hoffman ... is like the one kid in gym class who takes Frisbee golf seriously .
There is not one joke in Meet the Fockers .
Unlike Billy Crystal -LRB- Analyze This -RRB- and Eddie Murphy -LRB- Showtime -RRB- , Stiller brings out De Niro 's best comic instincts .
Familiary breeds contempt ... Unless you think a dog flushed down a toilet is a laugh riot , you 're better off leaving these Fockers alone .
If you have absolutely nothing else to do , and you can see it for free , with little hassle , you just might get Fockersized .
.
Does little to alter the formula of the original , but the two films set a nice example of successful use of the concept of theme and variation .
... the story fails to take the high road ...
Ben Stiller looks the same as he did during Parents in 2000 , but pity poor Teri Polo who 's putting on miles faster than Dale Earnhardt , Jr. .
The foreplay was a little boring , but once they start Fockering , it works ... It may be absurd and in poor taste , but that does n't mean it ca n't still be funny .
This is silliness that 's good for a video replay on a rainy day .
Could they not have come up with anything but lumpish , vulgar humor and dumb `` Focker '' puns ?
A comic clash of stereotypical Red State and Blue State culture , but with a wish-fulfillment Hollywood ending in which ` Fockerization ' triumphs ...
The most disappointing sequel of 2004 .
Could have been much funnier than it is .
Like virtually every sequel to a hit comedy , it recycles and essentially beats to death everything that got a laugh in the original film .
A little coarser , a little more desperate and a lot less funny than its predecessor . But Dustin Hoffman saves the day .
It 's left to Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman as Greg 's parents to warm up the picture , and they light it on fire .
The Fockers is a must-have for family viewing .
It maintains its humor remarkably well , the gifted cast of superstars playing off one another with surprising ease . And , while the belly laughs of the first are noticeably absent , this one does n't wear out its welcome quite as quickly as that one did .
A one joke movie but Streisand and Hoffman make that one joke enjoyable .
Both movies lack the real discomfort and awkwardness that comes with meeting future in-laws .
This film has a lot more heart and it 's just a lot of fun throughout with all these wonderful actors .
There can be worse holiday fluff than watching a tight-knit group of Hollywood veterans having fun .
You 'd think after an eight-year absence from the screen , -LSB- Streisand would -RSB- return with more self-respect .
Meet the Fockers is get-rich-quick , no-thought-required sequel-mongering at its most mercenary . -LRB- Plus it 's screamingly unfunny . -RRB-
Watching Meet the Fockers is like attending a big , potentially wild and funny party in which the guests pretend to have fun .
Fifteen years ago , a movie with Streisand , Hoffman and DeNiro in starring roles would have been considered the casting coup of the ages .
This is American Pie for people over 35 .
If it were n't for the talent level involved onscreen , Meet the Fockers would be about as entertaining as a rerun of Dharma and Greg .
Why would you want to meet such a blowsy , bawdy , shticky crew in a low-comedy sequel to Meet the Parents ? Two reasons only : Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman .
It is Beavis and Butt-head rewriting The In-Laws , only the scripts for Beavis were much smarter .
A resolutely average sequel , several subbasements below the first film in both comic inspiration and energy .
Often-uproarious .
The exceptional cast turned the garden-variety script they were given into a movie that should please crowds throughout the holiday season .
Do n't even rent the DVD , it 'll only encourage them .
There are few things sadder than wasted potential , unless it 's sitting through 115 minutes of mediocrity desperately searching for a few decent jokes .
Despite a cast enhanced with notable players -- Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand come on board as the elder Fockers -- the movie has few new jokes to tell , offering little more than slight modulations of familiar scenarios .
When a movie 's title is based on a crass pun , you should n't expect the bar to be too high
The laughs are few and far between , bearing only a sloppy , derivative resemblance to its predecessor .
A negligible product content to stoop for the easy laughs and the easy money .
A silly good time .
Delivers fewer laughs than its predecessor .
The family is bigger , but the laughs are n't .
Meet the Fockers takes time to generate comic momentum , but the irresistible energy of Hoffman and Streisand soon refreshes the leftover story line from Parents .
In the tradition of recent Hollywood sequels , this one replays the old gags , gooses up the pace and lowers the level of the humor -- way lower .
More than any recent comedy I can think of , Meet the Fockers seems likely to split audiences between those who find it deliriously funny and those who grind their teeth at its obviousness .
For audiences that loved Meet the Parents , the movie is a welcome chance to revisit funny and familiar characters .
Meet the Fockers is not much of a movie -- just a lot of comic situations barely held together by the semblance of a plot -- but it is genuinely funny in a crass way .
By the film 's finale you 'll pity any poor fool who actually is named Focker -- for following this picture they 're certain to see a surge in mockery .
If you enjoyed Meet the Parents , you 'll have just as much fun in Meet the Fockers .
It 's a toss-up as to who gets the worst end of the deal with Meet the Fockers : the audience or the film 's all-star cast .
Irrepressible Streisand brings her own potent barrage to this company of self-interested men , not to mention the melt-away women .
A quick-and-dirty cash-grab sequel , one that substitutes stunt casting for character work and schtick for writing .
Meet the Fockers is as tacky as its title , as crass as a kid learning his first cuss word .
A sloppy and not-funny - enough sequel to Meet the Parents .
Meet the Fockers , a sluggish sequel to the anarchic domestic comedy Meet the Parents , is one visit too many .
If you keep your expectations in check , the encounter does n't disappoint .
Hoffman and Streisand give energetic , game performances , but the movie provides them with dispiritingly little material .
One of those relatively rare comedies that 's at once puerile , charming and very funny throughout .
Amusing ... but not distinctive .
Thanks to an ensemble cast that includes Robert De Niro , Barbra Streisand and Dustin Hoffman , Meet The Fockers is much more fun than anticipated .
There is some fun in watching the veterans mix it up -- De Niro , who looks like he wants to fade into the scenery , Streisand , who tries to eat it -- but nothing is well developed here .
This sequel keeps the laughs coming until the ending .
Meet the Fockers is not a movie for the ages ; it 's a movie for a few good laughs .
Playing up the socio-religious rifts of the first film , the sequel reflects the country 's current political schisms .
Hoffman and Streisand are the best things about Meet the Fockers . The movie would have been better off spending more time with them instead of focusing again on the uneasy relationship between eager-to-please Greg and his father-in-law - to-be Jack .
Given how well Stiller and De Niro play off each other , you 'll wish they had more to work with .
Meet the Fockers does n't have the shabby feel of some faltering movies , but its repetitive gags and toilet humor take much of the luster off the Focker-Byrnes wedding .
The movie is pleasant enough , but never quite reaches critical mass as a comedy .
Focking funny !
A rascally little play on words is the funniest element of Meet the Fockers , a sequel with big name stars and , only occasionally , laughs to match .
Culture-clashing through the snow , in a one-joke open sleigh , Meet the Fockers goes , laughing all the way ... to the bank .
The sequel is pretty much what you 'd expect -- mindless fluff with maybe a little less calamity than its predecessor , but a lot more schmaltz . Oy vey !
Meet the Fockers is stuck somewhere between being absolutely hilarious and one of the worst comedies ever committed to celluloid .
Hoffman and Streisand provide some laughs in this sequel to Meet the Parents but the screenplay lacks comic zest .
The picture has two lingering scenes that are so excruciatingly funny they compensate for the material that flounders .
And you thought your parents were embarrassing .
My New Year 's plea to Stiller ? Watch Sideways . Rinse . Repeat .
The audience laughed more because they wanted to find it funny than because they actually did .
Meet the Fockers is n't quite as funny as its predecessor , but it definitely has its moments .
The ideas behind Meet The Fockers are the best part of this zany sequel to Meet The Parents , but getting Fockerised is not as funny as it should be .
Coasts on considerable star power to make us laugh with some consistency but never approaches the level of fearless comic abandon that made the first film so popular .
Meet The Fockers is a fine sequel ; not surpassing the original , but clearly putting forth more of an effort than most follow-ups do into the script department .
MtF works rather well -- although it sometimes lacks the smoothness of its predecessor .
This is n't just a second helping of Gaylord Focker humiliation , for once here 's a comedy sequel that manages to revisit its world without banally repeating it .
Hoffman and Streisand ... are a wonderful addition to the comedic mix with their relaxed , laid back lifestyle and penchant for randy sex
Barbra Streisand has the show-stopping moments in this uneven comedy .
Because no good joke in Hollywood goes untold again ... and again , the mixed-couple setup receives another extended workout in this modestly amusing sequel .
This sequel to 2000 's Meet the Parents knows that its audience expects a symphony of outrageousness . Anyone who resists is pummeled into submission by the sheer pace and volume of the comic antics .
The gap between the first and second installments is n't as gaping as with , for instance , Analyze This and Analyze That , but the laughs Fockers generates are the type you feel embarrassed about almost immediately afterward .
Formulaic but consistently funny .
So many subplots are piled onto Meet the Fockers that it 's a wonder any of the glittering talents assembled here have room to be funny .
A weary retread without a fraction of the inventiveness that sparked the original .
Never has so much talent been wasted with so little imagination .
Director Jay Roach gives the film no visual distinction whatsoever but packs on the jokes with tireless bustle .
The ensemble 's giddy chemistry and the addition of perfectly cast topliners Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand should find Fockers entertaining huge crowds for the holidays and beyond .
Though it 's good to see -LSB- Stiller -RSB- back in his stumbling , bumbling element , it 's a bummer to see his element wasted in such stumbling , bumbling gags .
Simply too much unpleasantness afoot .
Streisand and especially Hoffman are a hoot .
An infantile , desperately uncreative sequel that will do anything for a cheap laugh . Just imagine Meet the Parents remade for the comedy sensibilities of a 12-year-old .
From the start the jokes are on a different level than the last one : coarse , aggressive , and poorly timed by director Jay Roach .
Streisand and Hoffman are a hoot , the most entertaining Haight-Ashbury movie refugees since Lily Tomlin and Alan Alda similarly tormented Stiller in Flirting With Disaster .
Unbelievably raunchy ... an avalanche of s ****** ing sexual humor masquerading as a family comedy .
De Niro 's brilliantly economical expression of utter revulsion somehow never stops being funny .
DeNiro is pretty much the only reason to see Meet the Fockers ... -LSB- betrays -RSB- creative exhaustion .
Stiller - by starring in Meet the Fockers , one of the year 's final releases - pulls into a buzzer-beating tie with Jude Law as the most-overexposed actor of the movie year .
There 's room left open , of course , for the eagerly-awaited conclusion to the Parent Focker trilogy . Here 's hoping that when that blessed day arrives , I 'll be good and dead .
Greg Focker is ashamed of his loving parents and Jack Byrnes needs Viagra .
repetitious and just not that funny on the whole , especially since it 's so derivative and out of character next to the original
Forced and formulaic sequel ... is a tedious disappointment .
This pic is pretty Focking lame .
If you do n't think Ben Stiller is funny , Spanglish is playing at the next theater over . Meet The Fockers made me laugh so hard my stomach started to ache .
Features three of the most frightening noses in the business -LRB- Streisand , Hoffman and Owen Wilson -RRB- . Consider yourself lucky it 's not in 3D .
A frantic , pointless sequel , funny in clumps , but mostly contrived and empty .
While there is a serious subtext , cast and crew remember that this is essentially a frivolous comedy
Feels like a big-budget Dharma & Greg episode with toilet jokes .







@highlight

Talented cast is wasted as the movie is content with recycling jokes from its predecessor , Meet the Parents .