`` Spain '' feature film feels like an irresponsibly missed opportunity for not tackling Brexit - especially when the time and place seem so ripe for it .
The `` Trip '' films have the appeal of watching two comic masters riffing as you might experience while watching a Jazz duo -LRB- Ella Fitzgerald and Joe Pass , for example -RRB- .
The whole bumpy ride is starting to feel a little stale and unashamedly lazy .
The formula of the show is well set : uncanny impressions , relentless passive aggression and a surprising amount of pathos , this time all soused in vino tinto .
Under the direction of Michael Winterbottom and the exquisite cinematography of James Clarke , a sense of place is not something The Trip lacks . It is just as impressive , however , that this mixture of inspired improvisation and deliberate writing .
I 've no idea how the real Bryden and Coogan measure up against their fictional personae , but they paint a convincing picture of the former 's happily married underdog vs Coogan 's more egotistical , cynical playboy .
If not as wistfully evocative as a Richard Linklater project , or as bracing as one of Michael Apted 's mathematically recurrent sociologies , it will at least maintain the virtue of being genuinely quixotic .
... the gimmick has grown a bit stale , and there is something a bit off about watching a pair of privileged white guys carp about their privilege . Even if the film is winking at this affluenza for comic purposes , it 's still present .
Coogan and Brydon prefer to riff on easy targets instead of ruminating on the harder ones .
Flawed as it may be , at the very least there is no denying that The Trip to Spain offers up plenty of intrigue for traveling and fine dining enthusiasts
Come for the spot-on impressions and Quixotic adventure . Stay for the company - and a bit of the unexpected .
The Trip to Spain is more of the same , but that 's not so bad when `` the same '' is the film equivalent of a Michelin-starred meal .
It is n't as consistently funny as the first one , but feels leaner more focused than `` Italy . '' And it 's still pure pleasure to be a third wheel with Coogan and Brydon as they hit the road .
The razor-sharp comedy sees both Coogan and Brydon play exaggerated versions of themselves as they travel to various gourmet eateries .
As a whole it 's worth savouring .
The end product is more intriguing than it is engrossing , but it 's a pretty unique way of seeing a country .
At this point , these guys feel almost like family - extraordinarily talented , erudite and funny family . I ca n't wait to spend time with them again .
Comic and enlightening .
Coogan , Brydon and Winterbottom have created their own male-bonding version of Richard Linklater 's Before Sunrise trilogy -- following a friendship and its ups and downs over the years ... enjoy it while it lasts .
The impressions are witty when they 're not too familiar -LRB- enough already with Roger Moore ! -RRB- , and even more interesting are their discussions of the differences in the way they approach , say , Mick Jagger .
Coogan and Brydon bare their truest selves in The Trip To Spain , resulting in an emotional and bitingly honest chord that rings mellifluous with the viewer .
Might be the series ' most frequently hilarious installment .
... a decent endeavor that nevertheless ca n't quite live up to the comparatively stellar original picture .
Coogan and Brydon ... begin to grate , and come off as obnoxious , both to themselves and to the patrons around them , who hopefully got comped for their meals .
With dozens of destinations to consider and the continuing cooperation of the man behind the scenes and the ones in front of the camera , the Trip movies could continue indefinitely
Ultimately , although the scenery is stunning and Coogan and Brydon provide some entertaining banter , The Trip to Spain is same trip , different day .
All apologies to Hope and Crosby , but -LSB- Steve -RSB- Coogan and -LSB- Rob -RSB- Brydon are now the kings of the ` Road to ' movie .
It is still far ahead of most of this year 's fairly sorry crop of comedies in terms of the number of genuine laughs on display .
That 's the pleasure of the uneven but enjoyable `` Trip '' movies , of which this is the third installment : For better or worse , it 's almost like being at that table .
If The Trip 's high-strung chatter grated on you , give Coogan and Brydon another shot with The Trip to Spain-their formula is changing , and for the better .
The Trip to Spain offers dry humor , word play , and adolescent behavior .
It may fail as a movie , but it works as a lovely jaunt with witty companions who delight in the pleasures that arise from their long association .
If the dish has lost its pizazz , it remains comfort food for comedy connoisseurs .
This is one for the fans -- those who love dry , nuanced , witty banter that 's all the more impressive because it 's so spontaneous .
A rather perfect mélange of casual wealth porn , a glimpse into competitive friendships , and the clash between masculine imperatives .
I have n't tried of watching -LSB- Steve -RSB- Coogan and -LSB- Rob -RSB- Brydon do their dueling impressions act , which does n't entirely hide traces of bitterness and , of course , the kind of self-absorption that keeps two men focused on each another .
If they get on each other 's nerves , for us they are excellent traveling companions , with some welcome depth and complexity .
The mercurial nature of fame acts as an ideal metaphor for the fleeting and uncertain nature of life itself - all of which , in the masterful hands of Brydon , Coogan and Winterbottom , goes down more smoothly than a glass of Rioja .
Provided you 're a fan of subdued dry wit , bittersweet views of males in middle age and wicked celebrity impressions , it 's a perceptive trip you 'll want to take .
The film is , like its predecessors , funny . But the joke is starting to wear just a bit thin .
A gentle , relaxing delight , with just enough uproarious conversation and a touch of regret . In other words , it 's a perfect piece of British comedy comfort food .
The delight of `` The Trip to Spain '' is getting back with these two gents who seem to relish a relaxing holiday , badgering one another about their different stages of an extended mid-life existential crisis .
Taken in tapas-size morsels , the original television episodes are probably fine samplings of cuisine and comedy , but when you push them all together into a 108-minute feature , the droll gluttony begins to set in .
What little fun remains rests largely in the charm of our two self-deprecating traveling companions . Their appeal can not be overstated . But like a houseguest who overstays his welcome , an animosity starts to set in before eventually festering .
The ending of the film comes off as part cliff-hanger , part poetic justice , and altogether odd - it made me immediately want to know what 's next on the menu .
It 's become the Before Sunset for men ... The trio has created a thoroughly modern Odyssey , navigating the masculine soul through the Scylla of ego and the Charybdis of doubt , all set against a sea of celebrity self-awareness .
The previous entries suffered from a feeling of repetition as Steve and Rob passive-aggressively undermine each other , and this one is no exception to that trend .
This feels like the most impression-heavy Trip so far , adding Bowie and Jagger to the roster , but they 're still the funniest moments .
Familiarity aside , these two gentlemen are excellent company , and the southern coast of Spain a worthy destination . Not a bad way to pass the time .
The Trip to Spain hits the spot very nicely , thanks .
It 's like the Fast and the Furious movies , but with celebrity impressions instead of hot rods .
Outside the miscalculated ending , just as fun as the other two installments .
The proof that the `` Trip '' formula has n't become formulaic ? How often , and hard , these two can make an audience laugh .
A visually luscious travelogue and a savory introduction to upscale Spanish cuisine , as well as another delicious joint comedic routine by two masters .
After sampling the cuisines of the Lakes District and the land of La Dolce Vita , Rob Brydon and Steve Coogan are back for a third course of gastronomic delights and competitive celebrity mimicry .
What 's not to like about spending some time with a couple of bright and droll dining companions ?
A trip too many ? Sure . Still funny , though .
If you 've seen either of the other movies , you 've seen The Trip To Spain , whose variations are minor enough to be called negligible .
Keep your eye on Brydon : He has some great tips for you .
The Trip movies have become to me like a favorite restaurant , where I know exactly what I 'm going to get and could n't be happier about it .
As exposed as the actors allow themselves to be , their mostly improvised script never takes them anywhere , and the rough edge of their banter seems to acknowledge as much . At least they get to eat .
The Trip to Spain is the least of the movie trio but has its moments .
Admirers of the franchise wo n't stumble through more than the opening credits before finding familiar footing .
... a funny little foodie movie that also exhibits a stomach-churning apprehension over the East 's emerging relationship with the West .
Along with the components of The Trip to Spain that we most crave , there 's an increase in harshness , an acerbic edge that 's hard to ignore .
Even artists as gifted as these two can only hitchhike so long on the charisma of household names like Mick Jagger and Michael Caine , and the dueling impressions that fuel the franchise have become effortful and repetitive .
The least satisfying of the three , a sun-dappled test case for the law of diminishing returns ...
The Trip films constitute the only movie franchise that matters .
as enjoyable as the film can be , it is difficult not to feel the bloom has come off the rose a bit .
I would follow these guys on a trip to anywhere .
An enjoyable though slightly lesser addition to the Trip series .
You like traveling with these guys , but sometimes they need to give us space .
The Trip to Spain is a breezy study of aging men afraid they 've lost their potency , their command of life , their once-certain enshrinement in the culture . It is at once a desperate echo of long-gone glories and a glory itself .
The movie is most enjoyable when it 's least relevant .
The premise of Michael Winterbottom 's series has devolved from moderately diverting to actively stifling .
It 's good to be sitting in on the crazy conversations of these two insatiable show-offs , but it 's getting just a little bit stale .
The ending is odd and in questionable taste . Over all , the food porn was played down , the series is getting a little road-weary and who knows what happens with these guys next .
The scenery is strikingly beautiful and the food will make your mouth water .
Like comedy comfort food , this third instalment offers little by way of new material yet delivers in spades on what you know and love .
I laughed like a drain ... It 's the funniest film of 2017 ; it 's that simple .
In the real world , it might be a pain to keep hearing the voices in their heads , but for a roughly 100-minute journey , they are good company indeed .
A happy meal with a glum dessert
If you have dug their past work , the pair remain exceedingly great fun on an eavesdropping basis .
It 's hard to resist the vicarious pleasures of the scenery and the restaurants that fill the stretches between the verbal sparring .
Michael Winterbottom , Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon 's third gustatory road trip scores familiar laughs , but it 's still tasty stuff .
There is spectacular scenery and architecture to admire and footage of some of the world 's best restaurants -LRB- tip : do n't watch this movie hungry -RRB- , but the main drawcard is as always the celebrity impressions .
If you enjoyed The Trip -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and its 2014 sequel , you will surely enjoy this interlude , although the film does not sparkle quite as brightly - or feel as fresh - as the Italian sojourn .
A hilarious journey with two middle-agers savoring the pleasures of Spain .
So , it is a formula . Who cares , when you have these two in full flow ?
A jaunty , funny , entertaining personal and geographical journey , brushing up against moments of truth that can sting .
Behind the gags , the barbs , the wordplay , and the many , many impressions lurks a sadness ... By definition , the pervasion of this theme may make The Trip to Spain the least funny of its brethren so far . But it also makes it the most interesting .
The Trip To Spain comes out of the oven boasting aromatic richness by way of familiar improv hilarity , but over time it dries out a bit despite still being a worthy addition to Winterbottom 's foodie-franchise .
If you 're a fan of the first two movies , it 's hard to imagine that you wo n't like this one .
Diminishing returns , but funny and lovely to look at .
Like a fine wine or a stinky cheese , Winterbottom 's The Trip movies have only gotten more mature with age , and Spain is the most thoughtful one yet .
The effortless chemistry makes for a supremely pleasant vacation .
This picture is 115 minutes of nearly wall-to-wall actor impressions , and that does get to be too much of a good thing , unfortunately .

@highlight

The Trip to Spain offers more of the same scenery , food , and conversation that filled Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon 's first two Trip s -- which is to say , more of a good thing .