An important and original romance that really and finally portrays the homosexual romance as two humans falling in love and never plays it for clichés ...
Brokeback Mountain is in no rush . Its emotional impact builds slowly , its rhythms in tune with the countryside -- the rugged grandeur of the mountains ; the arid , bleak vistas of backwater Western towns .
A romantic western with a twist , Brokeback Mountain is a haunting and well acted exploration of a forbidden and secretive love affair between two cowboys .
Brokeback Mountain is ultimately about the paralysis of regret and how it fractures the lives of not just those afflicted by it , but everyone else around them .
Lee ca n't tell the difference between criticizing oppression and turning out an oppressed work
Arguably Ang Lee 's best film , this swooning , achingly sad near-masterpiece offers a universal love story that lingers long in the mind .
If you have the patience to sit through a slow-moving romance and you lack the vanity to be put off by explicit cowboy on cowboy relations , you 'll greatly appreciate the light at the end of Brokeback Mountain , a work of art that 's more than just a movie .
At times feels as ancient and familiar as any well-worn piece of American legend , even if its content could set John Wayne spinning in his grave .
At its core , Brokeback Mountain is not a gay love story % u2013it is simply a love story .
It has the simplicity and clarity of a fable , wedded to the gnarled and taciturn physical realism of the Western .
A masterful telling of star crossed love , with all the complications of any affair . Neither gratuitous nor shying away from the hidden pasion , Lee crafts a sublte and quite beautful film .
Annie Proulx 's beautiful , delicate short story ... has been transformed into a beautiful , delicate movie under the masterly direction of Ang Lee .
Just a well-made , well-acted melodrama that is quiet and reflective instead of big and bombastic .
Though presented as a story of thwarted love -- of ache and longing and regrets -- it 's ultimately a story about the relationships that shape us -- for better and for worse .
it could have been real campy , if it were n't so well-crafted as to be Oscar material
Film with much religious and mystical imagery .
A gallery of worthy performances , crisp direction and a quietly graceful script make Brokeback Mountain something of a landmark in Hollywood 's 2005 slate of movies .
A gorgeous meditation on the sorrow of finding everything you want and not knowing how to keep it .
Behind its convenient -LRB- and infuriating -RRB- designation as `` the gay cowboy movie , '' this is as universal as any love story Hollywood has produced in recent times .
-LSB- A -RSB- powerful and moving film , a smart study of relationships that could but ca n't and never will be .
The approach is dry as the Wyoming landscape , and while it occasionally threatens to pull the film out of shape , it 's still the right one for these men .
A jaundiced portrait of maleness in crisis ... extending not only to ... the central characters , but also to the validity of manhood as exemplified by every other male character in the film .
There is very little in the cold , clear air of Brokeback Mountain that is n't first rate -LSB- although -RSB- its argument may , for many of us , already seem strangely under - and overdone .
The first quarter of Brokeback Mountain plays like a silent movie version of Waiting of Godot , but starring two Marlboro Men instead of Vladimir and Estragon ...
Beautifully photographed and well acted , but also slow moving and episodic
This is a beautiful movie , and a brave one -- and not in a grandstanding , PC kind of way . Ledger stands revealed as an actor of breath-taking gifts .
This here film , aint yer ma 's cowboy tale none ...
Envolvendo o homossexualismo ou não , a história de amor narrada pelo filme é tocante por ser universal .
Una épica historia de amor narrada con profunda sensibilidad y maestría ; gran actuación de Heath Ledger . Tal vez el primer gran clásico del siglo XXI .
Brokeback Mountain should be seen by everyone who loves movies , not because it tackles tough issues and has political consequence , but because it is a great film .
... Brokeback Mountain works as both real drama and as cultural snapshot of the bad old days .
Nearly every frame of this movie is elegant and beautiful .
Because ` Brokeback Mountain ' has made such a profound impact on so many viewers , I almost feel guilty that I ca n't rave about it .
Lee and his collaborators have tapped into Proulx 's story and gathered it up without missing a single sad , delicate nuance .
If Brokeback Mountain is not about ` gay cowboys ' , perhaps it should be seen as a film about hate crimes and bullying against gays .
I never became emotionally involved in their story
Breaks new ground , but not hearts
A film so plaintive and touching that it almost seems to weep of its own accord .
A genuinely moving story about repressed desire that transcends any boundaries the various cultural warriors will want to impose on it .
I did n't feel an `` emotional '' connection with this film that pretty much relies on such an emotional feeling to work .
Better films were made in 2005 -- but none with the raw , emotional immediacy of what Ang Lee has accomplished , or a more palpable sense of hope beneath a sadness that runs bone-deep .
Lee ... is simply telling a story of the heart , how unpredictable it can be and how empty life can be when individuals do n't follow theirs ...
... eloquently sums up and universalizes the hopelessness of Jack and Ennis ' situation while showing the staggering cost of hypocrisy and deceit .
A haunting and complex story that explores the strength and fragility of love , Ang Lee 's visually magnificent film is as affecting as it is beautiful .
Brokeback Mountain , like Sam Mendes ' best-picture Oscar winner American Beauty , challenges its audience to embrace luminous filmmaking beauty even while spelunking through dark emotions .
Brokeback Mountain is concerned with poignant storytelling and not once is this compromised by the glistening manlove .
Lee has made one of the most memorable - and undoubtedly the most important and relevant - love stories in movie history .
Not a weepy gay love story .
-LRB- The film 's -RRB- edge is its same-sex controversy , but the cast is what keeps it sharp .
Brokeback Mountain is about as close to perfection as it 's possible to come in modern Hollywood .
Here at last is `` the movie everyone 's talking about . ''
An elegant thoroughbred of a movie , Brokeback Mountain is a surprisingly conventional , gloriously beautiful , tragic love story - that just happens to be between two men .
By seemingly renouncing overt politics , it makes a case for tolerance and understanding far more effectively than a film with a more direct agenda .
Like all great love stories , Ang Lee 's is one of tragic romance , strongly acted by Heath Ledger as the most buttoned-up of cowboys , and Michelle Williams as his betrayed and enraged wife .
An unconventional love story that does n't match its hype .
A film of extreme tenderness , with sympathy for all its deserving characters , including the wives and family members who suffer alongside the frustrated Jack and Ennis .
Despite my distress at the tedious pace , the performances are sharp and compelling
... about the sometimes tragic connections that might be made between two people who , because of circumstances or convention , have no right or opportunity to pursue intimacy with each other .
One of the all-time greatest love stories , its potent poignancy comes from universally relatable ideas like nagging love , lost dreams , a half-lived life and comfort in knowing incomplete joy is better than none at all .
Overall , the movie is a solid , entrancing love story , but all the Oscar buzz is nowhere near justified . It 's an above-average film overpraised for its social significance .
Lingered with me for days , though more for its noteworthy performances and breathtaking cinematography than for its divisive same-sex subject matter .
Ledger is extraordinary here , so still and constant and beaten ...
... a courageous , transcendent film that may prove to be a landmark down the line in the Hollywood landscape .
Lee strips away all the pizzazz for something that is much more pure - a rough and tough emotional journey .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie plays like any soap opera about a love that can not be -- the weeper mechanism is entirely familiar from hetero movies ... . Brokeback Mountain is n't a gay western , it 's a gay Back Street .
Ang Lee continues to astonish .
Brokeback Mountain is a beautifully filmed and superbly acted picture . It 's a romance for the ages and it 's ready , willing and able to break your heart .
Ledger carries the film . His performance is a symphony of reserve ... he seems to be torn between exploding in anger and frustration and folding up into a fetal position .
-LSB- C -RSB- hange the names and genders as you wish . This is the sort of adult drama that people can relate to if they have any sort of romantic regrets .
Reasonably effective portrayal of gay love , but with the regulation unhappy ending
Ang Lee takes his time developing the characters and situations , making the proceedings credible . And Rodrigo Prieto 's photography captures the magnificent Wyoming settings by emphasizing natural beauty , as well as the feeling of remoteness and isolation .
Director Lee , whose movies range widely through history and around the world , gives this one the heartsick , soulful ring of truth .
Nothing in Ledger 's string of previously wooden performances can prepare you for how good he is here - the deep seated sense of heartfelt longing he conveys is devastating to watch .
The whole movie is a rich , spacious , passionate way of showing , not telling , feelings that dare not speak their name -- and doing so with superb intelligence and magnificent candour .
When Ennis del Mar and Jack Twist are together , it 's simply about human beings in love . Two men . Now get over it .
What really sets the film apart from most movie romances is not its same-sex theme but its visual grandeur and exquisite powers of observation .
One of the most deeply affecting movies of its day .
Lee takes a setup that could easily slide into tragic self-parody and instead steers it confidently toward the moving and transcendent .
Both -LSB- Gyllenhaal and Ledger -RSB- embody what that old Waylon and Willie song taught us -- ` Cowboys ai n't easy to love , and they 're harder to hold . '
Any of us can imagine a forbidden passion so sweeping that it carries us off at flood tide , never allowing us to question it . Whether the object of our affection would carry a purse , a lariat or both is beside the point .
a monotonous and often inadvertently campy romance that rivals The Hours as the most overrated movie of the decade
Begins in a picturesque nowhere of tall mountains and big skies , where the only stone wall here is the real thing , with nothing political muddying the mortar .
It 's a hackneyed , underdeveloped melodrama disguised as serious art house fare .
It 's that it 's the very powerful , very real love story of two men that gives Brokeback its quality and universality -- and scares the hell out of its detractors .
The pain and involvement for audiences experiencing forbidden love on screen rests entirely in the degree with which they can believe in that love in the first place
Sorrowful and beautiful
The film is less a salvo in the culture war over civil unions than a skirmish in the range war over masculinity itself .
It may not be the best movie ever made about homosexuality , but it 's more than deserving to be the one that finally gets average viewers to pay attention .
Essentially , -LSB- this -RSB- is the same as most stories of lust and infidelity -- two people who ` ca n't control ' their desires end up hurting others , lying , and denying responsibility for their actions .
... achieves stunning emotional power through heroic restraint .
The hubbub seems more politically driven in the wake of the gay marriage debate . And an Oscar win will be pandering to that .
The praise for Ledger has not been exaggerated .
Lush scenery encircles two laconic characters in this static movie .
We feel this movie 's heart , even if it does n't wear that heart on its sleeve . That 's just the cowboy way .
Do n't kid yourself ; this is a movie about two gay cowboys , and if you are the type of person who feels you ca n't handle a subject like this without snickering then you 're missing out on one of the best films of 2005 .
And no , they do not eat any pudding .
Everybody involved in Brokeback Mountain deserves credit for crafting a film strong enough to withstand all of the third-grade snickering that 's attended it .
It 's a nice movie when it needs to be an impassioned one .
One of the year 's best films .
Men finding each other in a vast wilderness should be no big deal , but conservatives would have you believe it shakes the earth off its axis . * Lee makes their relationship epic in its reality and minuteness
Ultimately , a film such as this relies on its story and characters , and in that respect , it delivers ...
If you 've ever wondered what lonesome cowboys do on those long nights out on the prairie , mosey up Brokeback Mountain and see for yourself , pardner .
Brokeback Mountain offers a long-overdue road map into territory often traversed but seldom properly documented -- namely , the human heart .
An ultimately moving , universally human story about the pain caused when certain stigmas within society prevent people from expressing who they really are .
Lee has taken a story of gay love and placed it where it should be -- in the mainstream . He 's delivered a beautifully crafted film to boot .
The story-telling is so plain and straightforward that , like the characters ' feelings for one another , at first you do not realize how powerful it is .
... you ca n't take the ` gay ' out of the ` gay cowboy ' movie . What gives Brokeback Mountain its punch is the -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- straight way in which its romance is told .
-LSB- Lee -RSB- makes Brokeback Mountain intimate and specific , so it feels like the story of the frail human beings involved in one particular romance , not like a political movie about An Issue .
A sweeping , solemn , self-serious chronicle of their relationship over several decades .
If you have n't read the story before you see the movie , read it after . And then go see what is arguably the year 's best movie .
It stays with you after you 've seen it , like a haunting strain of music ; both love song and elegy for what might have been .
-LSB- Ledger 's -RSB- character is much more laconic , self-contained and folksy in the McMurtry tradition , yet he communicates an inner pathos that 's uniquely , profoundly touching . It 's the year 's most haunting and unforgettable performance .
Brokeback is not always a great movie , but it has great moments .
This is true cinematic grandeur , earned over time and always deepening the film 's themes .
It is particularly affecting to watch Heath Ledger 's portrayal of a man struggling along the road of life with the wrong map , a man thunderstruck to discover that a secret sharer , a soul mate , could even be in the realm of the possible for him .
The best movie of the year .
It has become shorthand to call Brokeback Mountain the ` gay cowboy movie , ' but it is much more than that glib description implies . This is a human story , a haunting film in the tradition of the great Hollywood romantic melodramas .
A film about love and the cost of lying that 's exquisite in its beauty , painful in its truths .
The movie has a universal quality because it tells a story of unfulfilled lives and roots it in the well-observed specifics of a vanishing Western culture .
Like these indelible cowboys , you , too , may find it impossible not to succumb to the powerful , quiet greatness that is Brokeback Mountain .
Brokeback Mountain the power to break your heart -- and , perhaps more important , to open it .
With its measured pace and its sumptuous visuals , transforming a taboo into a romantic totem , this opening act is fascinating , like watching Red River with the subtext cranked way up .
If love does indeed conquer all , it should win hearts across America . If not , then its focus on a tragic stigma will remain as valid as its story suggests .
The reason to see Ang Lee 's Brokeback Mountain , and see it you should , is n't its hot-button topicality or its cultural cachet but simply that it 's a very good movie , with a staggeringly fine performance by Heath Ledger .
There 's no contest . Brokeback Mountain is the most poignant movie love story of the year .
Brokeback Mountain is a truly epic romance story from a director at the peak of his powers .
The most beautiful thing about this film % u2013 which is full of beautiful things % u2013 is that it 's a love story through and through . Humanity , not sexuality , is the heart of this tale .
It is simply one of the greatest love stories in film history .
explores repressed feelings , loneliness , suffering , and alienation as adroitly as any film in recent memory
The real risk taken in `` Brokeback '' is attempting to capture the life of a true love affair .
Enough with the ` gay cowboy ' label . The term is more or less accurate , I suppose , but the phrase has a way of diminishing this amazing movie 's focus and reach .
Some American audiences may reject out of hand a gay-themed tale set in the macho sanctity of the West . But they 'd be missing great performances by Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger and an engrossing tribute to the American cowboy tradition .
A good and eloquent Wyoming-set love story with a great performance at its heart .
Credit a consummate performance by Heath Ledger and limpid , unmanipulative direction by Ang Lee for the year 's most affecting romantic movie .
If the cowboy movies of John Wayne and John Ford were about the opening of the American West , Brokeback Mountain is the somber slam of its closing .
A gay cowboy movie , you say ? No , no , this is so much more .
Much as it is about love , Brokeback is also a potent study of repression that comes alive in Ledger 's shattering performance .
A story of forbidden love on the range , Brokeback Mountain is acted , directed , written and photographed with heart-pounding beauty .
As regressively conservative as it is trailblazing .
While the message at the core is that love is love , the way the intial sexual encounter is shown will only reinforce the negative views that bigots have of gay culture .
Powerful and moving enough to be one of the best films of the year
Brokeback Mountain , if you are willing to give it a chance , is an emotional , heartbreaking movie .
If the filmmakers were n't trying so hard to deny the characters ' failings , Brokeback Mountain might have lived up to its immense reputation .
Brokeback Mountain is a love story , but that 's not all it is . In some ways , the movie is as much about the way we were as the way they are .
The filmmakers have focused so intently and with such feeling on Jack and Ennis that the movie is as observant as work by Bergman .
This story of suppressed passion is , irrespective of gender considerations , a deeply moving , indeed lacerating , film .
Romantic happiness has rarely been so tangibly out of reach .
... a multi-hankie emotional experience .
-LSB- Ang -RSB- Lee gets to the heart of this complex relationship -- and the equally complex relationships surrounding it -- with a cinematic clarity and stark directness we rarely get from movies these days .
Heath Ledger 's Ennis is like an old mule that refuses to leave the path in front of him . The destination is tragedy .
I was never moved or even overly excited by what I finally witnessed on the screen , though I have no quarrel with the superlatives heaped upon the film by most of my colleagues .
Midnight Cowboys , Lonesome Doves
A love story that in another time might have been less tragic , which makes it all the more sad for what could have been
Quite simply , this is one of the best films of the year .
This year 's Million Dollar Baby , it 's a similarly plainspoken , straightforward little masterpiece of heartbreak and regret .
A good film should be able to transcend cultural and social mores and lose the viewer in the story with both empathy and sympathy and `` Brokeback Mountain '' does it .
A lyrical tone poem of a movie that 's a haunting tribute to the great frontiers of love .
It 's a brave and affecting effort from a director from whom we have come to expect worthwhile things .
Quiet mastery of ` the look that speaks volumes '
In a medium where the important decisions are almost always dictated by commerce rather than art , Brokeback Mountain is as close to perfection as we are likely to get .
Exquisitely shot and vast in its emotional take on forbidden love , Brokeback Mountain is compassionate and compelling in its risqué examination of perceived manhood .
Profound . Transcendent . Heartbreaking . Brokeback Mountain is a cinematic triumph of incendiary depth and poeticism .
In two of the best performances of the year -- both deserve Oscar nominations -- Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger play a pair of bittersweet lovers .
Anchored by the performances of the two leads , the power of ` Brokeback Mountain ' is retained despite the film 's unneccesary bloat , convincing in its tale of love and the severe penalties imposed by societal homphobia .
certainly not what most would define as ` queer cinema , ' but instead a most contemporary Western , a thing of raw , aching beauty .
The most important gay film in a decade - a must see .
Rarely can you find a film that is this honest , raw and emotional . Brokeback Mountain shows us that love knows no boundaries .
Ang Lee creates a compelling atmospheric film in spite of the story 's obedient propagation of Hollywood 's cliché myth that gay people must eventually be punished with lethal violence .
An introspective film , but not , thankfully , an inert film .
A rich love poem with boundless soul , Brokeback Mountain is another wonderful gem to be placed atop Ang Lee 's filmic mantle .
A powerful , tormented exploration of the masculine myth of the American cowboy , filled with haunting , heartfelt anguish .
This is a noble experiment , but one which has failed .
As devastating and heart-breaking as the best love stories of cinema : Gone with the Wind , Casablanca , Doctor Zhivago .
Williams has two scenes as she realizes the nature of her husband 's fishing trips that ought to obliterate all references to `` Dawson 's Creek '' and earn her an Oscar ticket .
Ennis ' lack of language , initially seeming reduced in Ledger 's performance to clench-jawed mumbling , is eventually subtler , especially in his relationship with his daughter .
Lee 's film says unequivocally to straight audiences that it 's in everyone 's best interest for gay couples to live openly and safely .
It 's an old-style virtue for a film that 's old-style in the best way : unassuming but people-oriented and aiming to endure .
Brokeback Mountain is not to be missed .
An epic , heartbreaking love story that 's far greater than the sum of its parts .
This is one of the best serious films about homosexuality ever made , but though it 's sad and sobering it 's still only a rough draft of a great movie .
Beautifully shot , tediously paced , it 's worth consideration if only for Heath Ledger 's devastating performance as a despairing man done in by time and circumstance .
Ang Lee tells his sad love story perfectly with just the scenery of the American West .
It 's beautifully shot , and not as slow-moving as you might think
Michelle Williams nearly steals the film as Ennis 's wife in a quiet , complex , heartbreaking performance that will certainly garner award consideration . I ca n't believe how good of an actress she 's become .
Brokeback Mountain is an epic love story about gay cowboys and that , in itself , is something . Otherwise , the film is not one to get particularly excited over .
With Brokeback Mountain , Ang Lee paints ... symbolist drama -LRB- is it coincidental that the film begins in Signal , Wyoming ? -RRB- .
Ang Lee conveys maddening delirium rendered in the way one man 's eyes gaze at another 's , and then look away , and the looking-away amounts to the murder of two souls as surely as if they 'd drawn guns and hit each other in the heart .
A heartbreaking , groundbreaking love story -- and it won our hearts as one of the best flicks of the year .
Heartbreaking .
Brokeback is an incredible piece of direction , even for Lee , who has made a career out of impressive cinema .
Pretty terrific stuff by any measure , full of detailed characterizations and unashamed , misty-eyed sentiment that pushes precisely the right buttons .
Tells an emotionally powerful forbidden love story with taste and intelligence .
By excessively compensating with how molds are being shattered , many viewers may overlook the fact that the same material could have made using heterosexual protagonists .
Foremost about a love that can never break out of its societal prison .
Brokeback Mountain takes great pains to be a compassionate love story ; but the filmmaking itself , self-consciously restrained and desiccated , is inert and inexpressive .
Ang Lee 's formalism is so extreme that it 's often laughable , and the sex is depicted as a holy union : Gay love has never been so sacred .
It 's a deeply felt , emotional love story that deals with the uncharted , mysterious ways of the human heart just as so many mainstream films have before it . The two lovers here just happen to be men .
Annie Proulx 's heartbreaking story of two cowboys who fall in love has been faithfully translated onto the screen in Ang Lees landmark film .
Heath Ledger 's extraordinary ... though Lee 's passion for this project seems several degrees cooler .
What is truly distinctive about Brokeback Mountain is that it brings to life a love story that , after all these years of love stories , is essentially new to mainstream movies , and it does so without special pleading or sentimentality .
-LSB- The film -RSB- is directed by Ang Lee in a style that pays attention to the nuances of expression , to the thoughts and emotions being articulated between the words and in the pauses .
It 's such a slow burn that you likely wo n't even smell the fire until after it has surrounded you ... measured subtlety makes this simple story an emotional masterpiece .
The movie is too tame and too clumsy to be worth much outside its `` groundbreaking '' status .
Brokeback Mountain is at once the gayest and the least gay Hollywood film I 've seen , which is another way of saying that Lee has a knack for culling universality from the most specific identities .
Brokeback Mountain coaxes audiences to walk several hundred miles in its characters ' shoes , luring us with the scent of forbidden fruit and rewarding us with the sumptuous taste of complex storytelling .
Lee has managed to capture more than lavish backdrops and romantic sentimentalities and arrives at the end of the film with a sad reflection on love fought for and lost .
Brokeback Mountain is an American masterpiece .
A gorgeous film , as romantic for its scenery as it is for the central relationship .
I love gay people and I love a lot of gay movies - just not this one .
All is tasteful , and far more convincing than the movie 's representation of passion is its only-the-lonely evocation of a punishing social order .
Its beauty wells from its sorrow , because the love between Ennis and Jack is most credible not in the making but in the thwarting .
Heath Ledger , in particular , I think really has to get an Oscar nomination .
Ang Lee 's beautiful epic is both a classic American western and a sweeping old fashioned romance that will tug the heartstrings of all but the coldest of people
A work of universal substance , earning its heartbreak every step of the way .
With its wide vistas and sparse population of perfectly realized characters Brokeback Mountain manages to be both epic and intimate ...
Ang Lee 's unmissable and unforgettable Brokeback Mountain hits you like a shot in the heart . It 's a landmark film and a triumph for Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal .
Brokeback Mountain is that rare thing , a big Hollywood weeper with a beautiful ache at its center . It 's a modern-age Western that turns into a quietly revolutionary love story .
Some movies take their time laying the story out and settling over the audience . Brokeback Mountain is one of those films .
The Marlboro Man has reawakened as an archetype fully realized , brimming with ambivalence and complexity .
Though deeply flawed , Brokeback Mountain does break new ground in some respects and is worth seeing in some form -LRB- probably DVD for most -RRB- at least once .
An inert disappointment .
So much for down and dirty .
For all its brave beginnings and real achievements -- its assault on western mythology , its discovery of a subversive sexual honesty in an unexpected locale -- Brokeback Mountain finally fails to fully engage our emotions .
Ang Lee has taken the right tack with Brokeback Mountain , but that does n't mean anyone 's going to want to see it .
A work of considerable sensitivity and understanding which , from Annie Proulx 's novel to Ang Lee 's final edit , speaks well of the fine pedigree of creative talent involved .
It is up to date in its version of forbidden love because its conflict is based on one of the last socially-sanctioned forms of discrimination .
Explores the heartache of two gay cowboys who incarnate the basic human needs for wholeness , fulfillment , and a true love who accepts you as you really are .
Ang Lee 's film is not only a fine and gorgeous Western -LRB- in the first act -RRB- , but an intimate epic love story in the classic Hollywood tradition .
All four central cast members have moments of transparency that shake us to the core .
It 's a mistake to label it a gay cowboy or queer romance , for this love story is universal in appeal , epic in scope like Giant and unabashedly romantic like Wuthering Heights .
Ultimately suffocates on its own good taste .
Ang Lee 's best film to date ; career best performances of Ledger and Gyllenhaal , amazing score and cinematography and a heartbreaking love story to boot . One word : Wow .
What Ang Lee has wrought with his stunning contemplation of two men who find love in a lonely place is more about universal human needs than about gender preferences .
This ostensible gay Western is marked by a heightened degree of sensitivity and tact , as well as an outstanding performance from Heath Ledger .
The fine details of the West are as precise as you would expect from a McMurtry piece , and Lee 's adroitness with the excellent cast is on full display , particularly in the brave and moving performances of Ledger and Gyllenhaal .





@highlight

A beautiful , epic Western , Brokeback Mountain 's love story is imbued with heartbreaking universality thanks to moving performances by Heath Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal .