The uneven film ran out of gas way before it crossed the finishing line .
The scariest part is that viewers vicariously become Dr. Philip Zimbardo , hotly anticipating what happens next before coming to their senses realizing how inhumane this is , how far it has gone , and that it needs to stop
The most fascinating parts of the film depict the experimenters themselves , who are equally quick to abuse the power they have given themselves over the lives of others .
The Stanford Prison Experiment lives and dies by the quality of the performances , because there is very little else in the film .
Authentically tense and sweatily claustrophobic .
Crudup 's Zimbardo shifts from ruthlessness to panic , but that shift is n't nearly as marked as what we observe among his subjects .
Crudup excels as Zimbardo , casually sliding into the role of evil prison boss so subtly that we almost do n't realize what 's happening .
Based on real events , this sharply well-made film shifts from a rather light-hearted comedy into a horrific thriller . And it feels unnervingly natural as it does so .
Cranking up the tension by gradually moving his camera in closer and closer to his actors , Alvarez smartly shrinks the distance between them and us in order to intensify the what-would-you-do ? discomfort the experiment was designed to explore .
The film runs out of steam by about the half way mark , where matters of unequivocally passed through the gates of Hell .
Alvarez directs without artifice , his flat tracking shots emphasising the repetition of `` prison '' life and the sadism of the guards .
Demands investment and cuts deep down in the mind .
The talented cast and fascinating real life story are enough of a foundation to make it worth the 2-hour sentence .
Kyle Patrick Alvarez 's The Stanford Prison Experiment is a grim slog of a film , but it capitalizes effectively on the morbid fascination the 1971 study has always inspired .
The film becomes a bit repetitive past the hour mark , building to a finale that feels more inevitable than anything else .
The convicts are like actors trapped on a set , their awareness of a line between this-is-just-an-experiment and playing power-games dissolving . Zimbardo comes off as a Faustian fiend ; the film itself glitters and glares a bit too simply and devilishly .
Zimbardo himself was involved in the making of this film , and it follows the facts closely . Anyone who wants to see how this experiment worked can find out a lot by watching this film .
The well-acted effort tries to sell the notion that Zimbardo 's experiment had a lasting value , but by then we 've spent more than two hours watching a man gravely compromised by his own cruelty .
Alvarez ' film would almost qualify as a psychological thriller if it were n't a faithful , slightly dramatized reenactment of history , and if we did n't already know how it ended .
The acting is uniformly strong and the camera work is winningly claustrophobic , but the film is one note : scene after scene of bullying .
It 's paced like a drama but packs the intensity of a thriller , as the tension is compounded both wittingly and unwittingly by Zimbardo -LRB- played with ambiguous reserve by Billy Crudup -RRB- and his team .
An at times very upsetting film about our true nature , The Stanford Prison Experiment is full of great performances , particularly from Michael Angarano and Ezra Miller .
History has taught us these basic principles time and again and this admirable movie fails to adequately convey what made this particular experiment so notable .
The simple and straightforward approach makes it more unsettling and provocative , offering a clinical yet suspenseful morality play about power and control .
Aside from verifiably accurate production design , there 's also something true in how young and vulnerable these volunteers seem .
An exemplary cast is wasted on this historical biopic that starts with promise , but devolves into boredom .
The Stanford Prison Experiment is the kind of movie that raises as many questions as it answers . It 's also the kind of film where you want to budget some time for discussion afterward . You wo n't be able to shake this one off easily .
Any similarities to real-life prison outrages -LRB- Abu Ghraib , etc. -RRB- are impossible to miss .
This is not an uplifting movie , and its progress can be grueling . But it has a lot to say about how we let roles define us , how fragile personalities are and how context shapes reality .
So focused on the experiment itself that we do n't get much insight into who these students were before or after , but it 's still gripping .
What we witness onscreen is horrifying and deeply disturbing -LRB- as it should be -RRB- , but a little more context might help us to not feel so marooned .
Zimbardo insists he 's ` trying to understand how an institution affects an individual 's behavior . ' Alvarez 's own dark study , empowered by potent acting , allows the audience to contemplate the many variations on that psychological dynamic .
The movie ` The Stanford Prison Experiment ' tensely and relentlessly shows how easily these affluent , intelligent college students devolved into victims and victimizers .
A visceral experience that will be hard to match , this is one experiment that is an indisputable success .
Intense and provocative , as role-playing goes horribly awry .
An uneven , though compelling and unsettling film ... When it 's over you may think you 've been put through the wringer .
A laser focus on the titular , infamous 1971 incident keeps this dark drama intriguing even when it gets too obvious in its nudges at 21st-century events .
The film works hard to keep up the suspense : how far will the guards go ? How much can the prisoners take ? At what point , if any , will Zimbardo and his team intervene ? And is his experiment scientific ? Objective ? Humane ? Worthwhile ?
Alvarez ... gets some impressive work out of his young actors , particularly Michael Angarano as John Wayne and Ezra Miller and Tye Sheridan as rebellious prisoners .
Watching these young men brutalize each other is troubling enough , but perhaps the film 's most interesting angle is how the experiment changes more than its subjects .
This picture pushes easy buttons just as surely as Dr. Z did , yet that does n't detract from its power .
Billy Crudup gives a fine performance as Dr. Philip Zimbardo , who engineered the whole thing and was then pulled into his own power trip .
The Stanford Prison Experiment is all too timely . This film puts its finger firmly on the pulse of America at the moment . It 's harrowing and hard to watch , but you wo n't want to miss it .
The film can be appreciated , if only as a showcase for its assured , emotional attuned performances , as a convincing time capsule and period piece , and as a chance to reconsider one of the more well-known and still-influential studies of its era .
The movie ... inevitably fights against its own sense of dulled outrage and methodical role-playing . But it 's pretty gripping all the same .
Straightforward yet gripping and claustrophobic
In need of a tighter edit , sharpening points and performances , allowing the viewer to reach a level of disgust and fascination that 's perfectly in line with onscreen escalation , giving true weight to this amazing story .
Like the experiment itself , the film is an insightful and unnerving exploration into the darker traits of human nature , but also like the experiment it goes on long after it 's established all that it set out to .
Oh , the inhumanity . But the wondrously humane performances , including Billy Crudup as Zimbardo , are superlative , including Ezra Miller , Olivia Thirlby , Tye Sheridan , Michael Angarano , Keir Gilchrist and Thomas Mann .
The acting is just too good to dismiss , as well as the fine camera work by Jas Shelton , who turns an innocuous hallway into a fittingly claustrophobic house of horrors .
Where the experiment ultimately dehumanized everyone , the film does just the opposite . We quickly forget the prisoners ' given names , but their torment is a visceral experience
... a silently powerful film that speaks largely about the human condition .
A riveting re-enaction of the still-notorious study . The young cast is electrifying .
Grim but wholly gripping , The Stanford Prison Experiment is as painfully intense -LRB- and intensely interesting -RRB- as the real study at its center .
It does make for a fascinating , if skin-crawling , two hours at the movies , and Angarano is a charismatic manipulator , both in and out of character .
That this was a controversial experiment , whose findings have been the subject of debate ever since , comes as no surprise . But history , before and since , suggests that it encapsulates an essential truth .
From start to finish , Alvarez and screenwriter Tim Talbott have the audience in lockdown mode in this claustrophobic nail-biter .
Fortunately , terrific performances from Ezra Miller as `` Prisoner 8612 '' and Michael Angarano as an overlord keep you from hoping for an early release .
A vividly told but crushingly literal dramatization of an event that 's in every psych textbook published during the last 40 years , Kyle Patrick Alvarez 's new film is compelling and useless in equal measure .
It is remarkable ... that The Stanford Prison Experiment works as well as it does , and for as long as it does .
Effective , but not satisfying .
Alvarez captures an emotional immediacy and risk that is deliberately excluded from academic debate .
No matter how much it may adhere to the well-documented specifics of Zimbardo 's work , it is a massive failure .
Alvarez captures the sickly green and dingy gray environment , and even though he emphasizes the claustrophobic nature of the stuffy hallway , brings movement and dynamism to the space .
Fine ensemble acting brings a notorious psychological study to life in `` The Stanford Prison Experiment . ''
The experiment 's inherent drama is exacted with a tin ear and a cheesy style .
The Stanford Prison Experiment has a calm , queasy , clinical tone , the filmmakers hewing as closely to the actual events as they can . The approach works mostly superbly .
A painful watch , leavened only by its infatuation with Seventies period design and the horrors of Brady Bunch fashion .
This case study may be best returned to the file cabinet .
The result is a viscerally unsettling experience , and a testament to the enduring relevance of the study 's findings on the psychology of incarceration .
A meat-and-potatoes approach that gets the job done but stops well short of burrowing into one 's skull .
Disturbing , honest and compelling , `` The Stanford Prison Experiment '' turns a well-known story into must-see storytelling , depicting the ugly truth through gorgeous filmmaking .
Even with some familiar faces , The Stanford Prison Experiment feels like an honest-to-goodness documentary - a high compliment for a movie based on an infamous college project .
An incredibly tense indie with strong performances across the entire ensemble ... a who 's who of great , young male actors .
Well-acted by-the-book account of an oft-told tale of a psychological experiment that worked all too well .
The formalism fashions effective textural shortcuts to behavioral understanding that the remarkable cast fills in with chilling , convincing finesse .
That this is a remake , and not so impactful as the original take , does not take away from its relevance .
It 's an immersive , if not entirely factual , restaging of six days that were already , on several levels , theater .
A nerve-shredding two hours even with awareness of how it 's all destined to go down .
Just like the real experiment , the film starts out well , then gets progressively out of control before dissolving into chaos .
The line between depicting horrific behavior and wallowing in it gets exceedingly blurry
It 's a difficult sit , but it leaves you with so many ideas to digest , so many moments to consider .
The ugly spectacle of college kids stripping other college kids naked , in a humiliating show of dominance , speaks disturbing volumes .
Alvarez is trying to capture something not just about human behavior but the institutions that shape it , and he mostly gets there .
Tim Talbott 's dense script provides much to discuss and argue about , providing both left and right with talking points .
For all its flaws it 's a rich , thought-provoking film which , while challenging , is not without humor and visual pleasures .
Kyle Patrick Alvarez manages to create a mood so disturbing , intense , and believable that it 's easy to forget we 're watching a movie in spite of all the familiar faces .
Director Kyle Patrick Alvarez deserves all the praise in the world for the way he cranks up this pressure cooker script .
The grim film is sure to make the audience uncomfortable .
The psychology behind the experiment is so sophisticated that it traumatizes both the characters on the screen and the viewer experiencing the film .
While this is going to be a polarizing and divisive film , it 's one that people will talk about after seeing it , almost as if it was made as an experiment itself .
The combination of relentless forward drive and gruesomely fastidious detail , while audacious and admirable in theory , begins to pay dwindling returns in a picture that feels rather longer than its 122-minute running time .

@highlight

As chillingly thought-provoking as it is absorbing and well-acted , The Stanford Prison Experiment offers historical drama that packs a timelessly relevant punch .