... a watchable yet disappointing piece of work ...
The film is quite literally fragmented . Too much story -- and too little about each character .
-LSB- A -RSB- well acted ensemble piece that I think you should see .
The grand statement it wants to make plays shallow instead of deep , leaving the film too weak-kneed to carry the weight of its broken world .
A well-directed tense drama with a terrific cast , it is an old-fashioned , no-nonsense film with no special effects that relies on acting and script .
Even as it makes a show of complexity Fragments seems determined to pull together its various story strands .
Crash 's Best Picture Oscar win helped jump-start a wave of self-deluded ensemble imitators who seem to feel that overt emotionalism ladled over a loosely connected narrative is a surefire sign of Important Filmmaking . Witness Fragments .
Less a movie than a sociology thesis .
Rowan Woods indulges in some sub-subpar Crash territory here , with a laughably self-serious narrative that has less to do with reality than histrionics .
Despite its very impressive lineup , this film is full of inconsistencies and moves at a slow pace . So many performances are wasted .
Fragments is both deeply self-serious and essentially meaningless , the sort of we 're - all-connected tragedy in which birds fly free while humans remain stuck in place .
Frierich 's hook is , well , killer . And Woods is patient with his story , letting small glances and tiny actions speak volumes .
The casting directors of Fragments deserve credit for assembling so much talent in one modest movie ; if only Rowan Woods , the director , knew what to do with them .
Vividly conveys the sorrow and suffering brought into the lives of five individuals by a man with a gun and his act of random violence .
Yet another example of an undeniable truth in drama -- without the right screenplay , the best cast in the world ca n't make a film worth seeing .
The anxiety is deafening in this flimsy symphony of shattered lives , which -- like that confounding Oscar winner Crash -- confuses entropy for empathy .
The hell that Paul Haggis hath wrought grows exponentially by the day .
The pace is too languid to sustain much viewer concentration , and whatever the characters go through seems only peripherally connected to the shooting in the diner . Close , but no cigar .
A harrowing examination of the metaphysical harm inflicted by gun massacres .
There 's a miserable sense of a country that 's terminally sick in the head and spirit . It 's a tiresome idea , no matter how well the actors play it .
I 'm making it sound very grim and depressing , but miraculously it 's not . The interlocking sections are beautifully constructed , and in a large and notable ensemble cast , the performances are vivid and convincing . The children are especially good .
With some poor casting and more actions than insights , Winged Creatures is indeed a bird that fails to fly , but not quite a turkey .
But if it 's not up there with The Boys , Winged Creatures is still a film which can make you think about the ongoing consequences of America 's gun culture .
It is intriguing , the premise . But , in fact , you 're not given quite enough access to situations or characters to really get an involvement with the film .
As an examination into the way trauma affects different people it 's intriguing yet at times rather baffling .
Each character 's unique journey towards processing their shared horrific experience is handled with sensitivity and honesty .
Considering the talent involved in Winged Creatures , it 's a pity that the movie never manages to fly above your average Hallmark drama .
It 's a worthy effort , and Woods pieces the parts together with skill and sensitivity . But , perhaps weighed down too heavily by its subject matter , Winged Creatures never takes flight .
An unconventional film in which traditional story resolutions -LRB- plural because several would be needed -RRB- are not forthcoming
Playing God , faith and doubt are the central themes of Rowan Woods ' Winged Creatures , an engaging but often frustrating film in which beginnings and endings are intertwined
A movie like this tends to come out at least once a year .

@highlight

Sensitive but not insightful , Fragments pieces an ensemble together in the same way Crash did but without the gravitas .