... a well-made yet overlong documentary exploring the hidden epidemic of Lyme disease ...
An infectiously persuasive account of chronic Lyme , a disease that has politicized the medical community .
What concerns Wilson is why there is so little public discussion of the most common vector-borne disease in the country , and why the disease has become so politicized and controversial .
Well-researched investigative medical documentary over the hidden story of Lyme disease .
The information it presents is eye-opening for medical consumers and health professionals of any stripe . And the film incidentally makes a great case for health care reform .
We may not get to argue both sides of the debate , but Under Our Skin stirs the deepest emotions and reveals the most unsettling truth : We 're all vulnerable to a tick bite , sure , but it 's the health care system that really gets us in the end .
Heartbreaking stories of patients suffering life-shattering illness make `` Under Our Skin '' compelling . It would have been an even better movie if the filmmakers had been more diligent in following the money .
This far-ranging documentary is a real eye opener , presenting its wealth of information and analysis in a clear , well-flowing manner .
The film is certainly interesting , but considering its excessive running time , very little is given over to the opposing view ... One doctor 's court trial never makes it clear if any of patients had less than desirable results .
This compelling account of the explosive growth of Lyme disease grows to encompass all the peculiar politics , corruption and inertia of American medicine .
Frightening , powerful stuff .
Under Our Skin has a major ax to grind , but if even half of what it alleges is true , it 's more deeply terrifying than any slasher film you 'll ever see .
The medical establishment bows under a new disease and patients suffer while insurance companies look the other way .
Too overstuffed with conspiracy babbling and endless artsy nature photography to have a genuine impact .
A vital , insightful , brave and moving documentary that will wake you up and shake you up to the harsh realities of Lyme disease .
Only in its investigation into these downright evil motives does it take on the necessary role of activist , and -LSB- ... -RSB- I wish it had gone further and deeper .
Scary enough to make the faint of heart decide never to venture into the woods or to lie on the grass again without protective covering .
Under Our Skin is a frightening documentary about Lyme disease , so called because it was first noticed in Lyme , Conn. .
Definitively shows that chronic Lyme disease is a growing problem that has not been given a fair shake by the medical establishment .
Under My Skin is well-produced and engaging , but it 's also anecdotal and conspiratorial , and damnably non-confrontational .
A scary expose ' illustrating exactly what happens to a country when you let the insurance lobby set a corporate agenda which puts profits ahead of healthcare . Are you listening , President Obama ?
Just as you 're heading off for a nice hike in the park , along comes this timely reminder that Lyme disease is has reached epidemic proportions in US , and the bacteria causing it may be lurking in a deer tick waiting in your neck of the woods to bite and i
Andy Abrahams Wilson builds a decent , if stylistically dull , case that Lyme disease is far deadlier and more neurologically debilitating than most doctors want to admit .
Under Our Skin is a rigorously researched and highly thorough piece of investigative reporting on the silent epidemic that is Lyme disease .
-LSB- The director 's -RSB- inability to place a compelling human face on the disease , whether doctor or patient , derails his good intentions at raising awareness .
This is a good science documentary about a problem that does not get much press . -LSB- It -RSB- raises disturbing questions .
Timely and terrifying , this investigative , sobering documentary reveals how our corrupt medical system , influenced by insurance companies , has failed patients in need .
I 've just watched one of the most frightening horror movies I 've seen in a long time . The evil in it springs from deer ticks and human ignorance , both of which seemed to be omnipresent .
You might want to cancel that camping trip after watching Andy Abrahams Wilson 's candid and frightening look at Lyme disease .
Producer-director-writer Andy Abrahams Wilson -LRB- `` Bubbeh Lee and Me '' -RRB- takes a creative , humanistic approach that makes the complex material dramatic and visually interesting .


@highlight

A scathing indictment of the American medical system , Under Our Skin is timely , frightening stuff .