The atmospheres of both boardroom and ship are superbly captured . In that thrilling Nordic style , everything feels chillingly real and grips you like ice .
This is authentic , nail-digging life and death drama that , like Borgen , is all about maturing character development and power politics .
It aims to not allow you to leave the theater without empathizing with victims of such real-life violence . And that 's what makes the film so memorable - and haunting .
Captain Phillips revisited . How do you say ` I 'm the captain now ! ' in Danish ?
Besides the subject matter , the parallels between Lindholm 's sensitive , slow-moving A Hijacking and Paul Greengrass ' relentless Captain Phillips are few and far between .
Lindholm 's insistence on a lived-in realism paid off .
A Hijacking refrains from exploiting or judging the situation , which reminds us that all of the characters think their behavior is justified . Whether any of them is right is left to us to decide .
A Hijacking achieves considerable power by avoiding the obvious , and staying close to its characters .
Suspense here is not created through pomp and explosions , but through watching a fishing crew caught at gunpoint . Through an incoming fax . Through exponentially growing beads of sweat .
It 's an unshowy , quietly intense drama with grace notes in every scene -- and a hellish punch .
A tense and intricately shot drama , writer/director Tobias Lindholm 's solo debut feature is a powerful and intensely watchable film .
The film exposes the deep moral callousness of those doing the dealing , and the desperation of the people they break .
A high-seas hostage-taking and resulting negotiations are absorbingly dramatized in this low-key Venice standout from Denmark 's hottest new writer-director .
Grim but well-executed gripping fictionalized hostage thriller .
This is a taut , tense look into all sides of a hostage negotiation , as well as a hijacking situation . It is very precisely constructed .
In his screenwriting , Tobias Lindholm has shown strong instincts for masculine melodrama and a knack for plot twists . As a director , though , he may still be getting his sea legs .
While the drama functions with a thriller 's intensity , a cat-and-mouse game played with dollars and automatic weapons , it 's really a study in contrasts .
Lindholm 's script presents the hijacking as a problem with no obvious solutions and harrowing human consequences .
If only more movies could slip social messages into their stories as deftly as A Hijacking does .
Real tension in a film that puts its characters to the test
Playing out as much in the boardrooms of the Danish parent company as it is on the cargo vessel itself , the film is a real eye-opener : when this stuff happens , there 's no-one to call for help ... A Hijacking is an exercise in precise filmmaking .
This is a film where we should be on the edge of our seat as we wait to see what will happen next . There are lives hanging in the balance , but from the way the situation is presented in the film , you 'd hardly think that anything is wrong .
Absorbing , realistic , non-sensationalist drama .
It may sound like an odd recommendation but A Hijacking is brilliant precisely because of the skilful way it makes you feel engaged , unwell , anxious and terrified all at once .
Lindholm presents a potent portrait of diminishing mental capacity and challenged masculinity within the genre framework of a high seas , high stakes game of cat and mouse .
Harrowing drama of modern-day piracy as a sort of illicit corporate takeover ; riveting and exhausting .
As well as the film 's almost documentary realism -LRB- it 's required viewing for shipping personnel -RRB- , here the brief but telling extras show off Lindholm 's dedication to accuracy .
In A Hijacking , we watch as talks break down -- at one point , the two parties are communicating by fax -- and are never certain how it will play out .
The result is not as dramatically neat as a Hollywood version of this material might be , and a twist at the end has a dark irony no mainstream film would dare .
As immediate and as hard-hitting as a punch in the gut , sucking you into a tension-filled situation in the corporate offices and on the high seas .
While there 's a certain tautness to the result , the many longueurs along the way almost make one yearn for an infusion of good old Hollywood pizzazz .
A nail-biter of a thriller that eschews conventional thrills , Tobias Lindholm 's verité-like tale of a Danish cargo ship hijacked by Somali pirates is rivetingly low-key .
A finely spun tale that eschews sensationalism to focus on the human toll on the captives , their families and their employers back home .
A tense , gripping drama filled with psychological showdowns from Danish writer-director Tobias Lindholm .
... has an embedded feel without being a real-life report or documentary at all . It 's a fictional film that hits both with blunt force and a surprising amount of complexity .
This is n't an action picture ; it 's a picture about the suspense and terror of inaction .
Gripping and tightly focused .
A Hijacking is more about one incident than about how it relates universally , but in thoughtfully exploring the specifics and emotions of that incident , Lindholm is able to show how modern life sometimes seems devoid of any accord .
Lindholm rations the meat and potatoes of plot to keep us captive at the bargaining table . It 's a sadistic ploy that produces a real payoff .
A lean , stressful nail-biter , smart , well-written , nicely shot and wonderfully performed .
-LSB- Omar and Mikkel are -RSB- like Marcus and McTeague in Frank Norris 's 1899 novel , handcuffed to each other in a struggle that could well end in mutually assured destruction .
Tobias Lindholm 's slow-burning thriller makes a bid for verisimilitude that extends well beyond the use of natural light and handheld cameras .
Though the acting in `` A Hijacking '' is superb , the film is strictly a `` follow-the-dots '' offering . This is not entertainment . It is another overwhelmingly depressing foray into corporate greed .
`` A Hijacking '' , if eligible , is an early contender for Best Foreign film at the 2014 Academy Awards .
It 's an effective piece of work that will leave you longing for a shower , a nap , and a warm meal .
A Hijacking is one of those perfect films that crop up every few years to prove that with true artistry , even the most exhausted genre can yield something new , rich , and strange .
Lindholm justifies his confidence in a visual approach that 's refreshingly realistic .
It 's a radical departure from any thriller in stateside theaters .
A nail-biter of the highest order , A Hijacking is astonishingly emotional , gritty , and terrifying -- a genuine directorial achievement that should not be missed .
When the gut-wrenching conclusion of A Hijacking comes in the form of a single , random act , it 's only then you realize how far you 've been pulled into its emotional core .
To refuse to call A Hijacking a thriller is not to say it is n't thrilling , in a dryly cerebral way .
It 's the second feature from the young writer-director Tobias Lindholm , and it showcases his gift for tightly focused stories told without an ounce of fat .
A Hijacking delivers all the thrills the title suggests , but in none of the places you 'd expect them .
The danger never reaches the level of chaos , but the subtext and metaphor in the slow-moving humanistic commentary on the motivations and byproducts of capitalism make for an intriguing film .
A smart movie derived out of the small moments that collectively comprise the hostage experience , rather than grandiose gestures .
Lindholm 's you-are-there docudrama works as a tense thriller , but themes of negotiation and the ability to empathize provide a rich subtext .
... slow , mostly talk , but tense and realistic ...
Lindholm does n't present the film as a procedural for hostage negotiations because he knows too well that there are too many movable parts , too many things that can go wrong .
The level of suspense in this riveting Danish thriller does n't build in sweeping melodramatic fashion , but rather at a low-key simmer that emphasizes authentic character dynamics .
Methodical and tense ... has the feel of something based on real-life events ... boils down to an arresting portrait of two men , with different backgrounds and abilities , doing everything they can not to break .
A Hijacking accomplishes a tricky task , generating tension through talk rather than action .
This absorbing chronicle of a hijacking in the Indian Ocean has the strengths of the best procedural dramas -- it assumes a distanced and objective tone and packs an emotional wallop .
We 're impatient for action , any kind of action - but preferably the sort that involves a team of Navy SEALs , maybe led by Dwayne Johnson . Instead , we get something like a merger meeting .
Hand-held camerawork , so often a confounded nuisance , here makes the conditions on board the Rozen feel nauseatingly urgent .
Moment by moment we find ourselves wondering what will happen next ...
Auteur Tobias Lindholm does a striking job in grabbing your attention and running with it as he succinctly tells the story of `` A Hijacking . ''
A Hijacking is an absorbing , highly moving film that 's lingered heavily on the mind for a couple of days now .
No mainstream American thriller could ever be made about this subject that resisted simple-minded narrative clichés the way `` A Hijacking '' does , or that refused to depict its characters as either heroes or villains .
Lindholm turns tedium and frustration into agonizing suspense .
`` A Hijacking '' is as lean , focused and to the point as its title .
This feature film shows how much tension , telling detail and sheer dramatic expertise can be squeezed into a running time of less than two hours .
A Hijacking is the story of two men and their fate , but in its unassuming , specific way , it 's also about global capitalism and its fallout .
Well-made , skillfully acted and utterly grueling to sit through .
A frustratingly realistic take on the modern threat of piracy .
A compact , meticulously researched drama about the business end of maritime piracy .
More than a meticulously detailed , convincing re-staging of a crisis , the film is also the portrait of two men doing their best amid dire circumstances .
Through it all , A Hijacking maintains its cinematic grandeur , balancing the open-sky thrill of being at sea with the claustrophobia that comes with being forced below deck for days at a time .
Tobias Lindholm 's starkly commanding thriller cuts out all the action heroics usually associated with hostage movies , replacing them with an underlying , nauseating sense of dread ; it 's a nail-biter about being under the gun .
This riveting sea drama look so realistic you might swear that the Danes hired real Somali pirates .
Tobias Lindholm 's hostage-negotiation drama wields its verité style for maximum tension .
In his almost documentary style of filmmaking , Lindholm has achieved an impressive sense of realism and you can certainly see why the film has attracted a lot of attention on the festival circuit .
Good , but a bit too straightforward to live up to its dramatic potential .
It 's at its best when it mixes heartfelt moments into the unimaginable hell of being held captive in such a confined space on board an already battered old vessel , the MV Rozen .
Not enough filmmakers make use of pirate culture like Tobias Lindholm does in A Highjacking . By doing so , he reveals human emotions that burn both ends of the candle and create gripping drama from a situation not enough people take seriously .
There 's no moralizing here , just unsparing realism .
The results are gripping , with the action growing increasingly tense as gun-toting violence looms .
Adept filmmaking and a clever two-perspective approach make this film urgent and involving , even when the narrative structure falters .
-LSB- An -RSB- excellent Danish thriller ...
As a psychological drama , this is surely one of the best of the year .
Without resorting to graphic violence or melodrama A Hijacking builds into an extremely tense tale with all the nail-biting immediacy of an unfolding news story .
Calmly made but ultimately lacerating ...
Danish director Tobias Lindholm spins an exacting drama out of a crisis on this deft , verite-style account of Somali piracy in the Indian ocean .
Nail-bitingly intense , thanks to some powerful performances and Tobias Lindholm 's strong direction and fantastic script .
Eschewing hard boiled action for an authentically gritty approach , director Tobias Lindholm creates a fuggy atmosphere of claustrophobic dread aboard the ship juxtaposed with the airy hi-tech steel and glass HQ of the shipping line .
Harrowing . A Hijacking may last only a shade under 100 minutes , but the memory , like the captives ' trauma , will last much longer .
Lindholm ... infuses every frame of his second film with the slow-burn , high-tension pungency of a particularly addictive DVD box set .
What keeps things stimulating ... is a genuine sense of reality and how much of your own perception is invested in what you are watching .
From this classy hostage movie , we learn how to negotiate with Somali pirates , and - perhaps more usefully - how to do male public displays of affection , Scandi-style .
When the credits roll , you may feel as if you too have been released from captivity .
the considerable tensions of A Hijacking derive not from melodrama , heroics or triumphalism , but rather from the very lack of these .
A Hijacking is one of the most involving and well-written films to come out this year and is highly recommended to anyone looking for intelligent thrills .
Confident and suspenseful .
A slow burner ; intense , utterly engrossing and believable .
`` A Hijacking '' tells its tale as plainly as its title , without Hollywood action , without true heroes or villains , without the expected emotional button-pushing .
A poignant and powerful drama about the hijacking of a Danish cargo ship and its seven member crew by Somali pirates .
Lindholm could arguably be praised for succeeding in making the audience experience his characters , but a more stringent editor would have given the film a much keener sense of pace .
This sharp psychological drama should serve as a calling card for the lean-and-mean director Tobias Lindholm .
Tobias Lindholm 's superb -LSB- film -RSB- actually grows more chillingly subdued as its nightmare scenario unfolds .

@highlight

A tense , gripping thriller , A Hijacking avoids action movie cliches and instead creates a palpable sense of dread by mixing gritty realism with atmospheric beauty .