Stations of the Cross is a quiet film , deep in content and profoundly critical of the Catholic Church 's culture of repression that misguides young minds by limiting their senses and curtailing their experiences .
Stations of the Cross belongs among the decade 's best films about the lengths one must go to in order to balance strong beliefs with a tolerance toward a secular world that fights against those beliefs .
While the film 's craftsmanship and experimental form go some way toward mitigating the convenient plotting and confused point of view , wrapping the whole in craw-sticking sanctimony is a sin too far for forgiveness .
In the end , the formalism of `` Stations of the Cross '' would n't work at all without the work of van Acken , a very talented young lady who 's not only in every scene , she 's often all there is to every scene .
An austere , beautifully filmed and powerfully acted portrait of extreme religious fervor that slyly flirts with comedy .
There 's a purity , cinematic if not spiritual , to the way Brüggemann carefully composes each static shot , as though they all really were paintings to be arranged in succession along a line of pews .
There 's more than a sneaking suspicion that the rush to preach against religious excess -- a worthy pursuit -- has merely resulted in another form of sanctimonious sermonizing .
Newcomer Van Acken is a phenomenal find and she 's never less than believably torn between doing the right thing and being her own person .
The ending 's a touch too cute , but the best scenes here stand as potent , empathetic , well-observed broadsides against fundamentalism .
A spiritual movie for practicing empathy and compassion for fearful fundamentalists .
It understands that fitting in , for many contemporary youth , means standing out by attaching oneself to ideological tenets .
Dietrich Brüggemann 's disturbing drama premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival and is divided into 14 parts , often pale , minimalist tableaux , for the 14 Stations of the Cross .
Stations of the Cross appears to acknowledge the miraculous , even as it descends into hell on Earth .
Ascetic and unwavering , the film 's gaze on the ultimate form of religious devotion offers the viewer few comforts but plenty to chew over .
A bracingly audacious approach to storytelling sets this film apart from the crowd , as it recounts an unnerving series of events in an inventive way .
Pared down images and intense , polemical dialogue capture a young girl 's struggle to reconcile her personal belief in God with her community 's blinkered religious values .
Passionate , generous , witty ; Dietrich Bruggemann 's study of a fanatical Catholic family renews one 's faith in the power of slow art movies to change the world .
This brilliant and subtle comedy about teenage martyrdom argues that extremism has no place in the modern world .
The use of a static camera for the majority of the vignettes imposes a stylistic rigour to match the religious intransigence .
Strangely moving , because of the relentlessness of the narrative progression , underscored by its biblical intertitles ; the episodes paradoxically generate a kind of suspense .
The film showcases Lea Van Acken 's remarkable central performance and director Dietrich Brüggemann 's adept control of a deliberately rigorous aesthetic .
The serious handling of each character 's rationalisations is what both amuses and unsettles .
The burden of Catholic guilt has been a mainstay of the religion but the experience of German fundamentalist Catholic guilt is suffocating in the superb film
While the scenes are evidently precisely choreographed , they also feel entirely naturalistic , like we are simply observing life .

@highlight

A drama of thought-provoking depth as well as a showcase for newcomer Lea van Acken , Stations of the Cross hits hard and leaves a lingering impact .