If you find Hawkins irritating , which is entirely possible , Happy-Go-Lucky could drive you quite crazy . But she won me over , and I suspect that will be the case with most audiences : a bright light in dark times .
Happy-Go-Lucky , is , good intentions notwithstanding , a rather fraudulent and half-hearted enterprise .
Once we relax enough to be carried along with the overlapping waves of jokes and remarks , the occasional quip pierces through the tornado of words and strikes a funny bone , sometimes before we realize why we are laughing .
You just want to protect her , from the world , from everything , but really she 's much stronger than you are .
If you leave the theater feeling uplifted -LRB- and unless your heart is made of cold gray concrete , you will -RRB- , it was n't due to manipulation , but a result of the film having honestly earned it .
Leigh 's most visually beautiful picture since Topsy-Turvy , Happy-Go-Lucky is all about the clashing and connecting of such emotional biospheres .
While Sally Hawkins turns out an award-worthy performance as Poppy , I quickly became bored with her life and all the turmoil surrounding it .
Few actors could have pulled off this role successfully , as it requires great energy , charisma and depth to make Poppy credible and so much more than first impressions .
Sally Hawkins is a comic revelation , an impish , endlessly charming sprite ...
England 's addlepated answer to Amelie !
Fresh , spunky and well acted . Sally Hawkins is enchanting and the rest of the cast is enjoyable .
An unusually cheery movie from veteran British writer-director Mike Leigh ; one of the ten best films of 2008
Happy-Go-Lucky is flibbertigibbet cinema . Mike Leigh directed Sally Hawkins in this paean to a peahen . Mike Leigh , let me introduce you to Fran Drescher , Kathy Griffin , and Nancy Grace . They 're your kind of women .
Like anyone given over to giggling more than griping , Poppy - and as an indirect result , Happy-Go-Lucky - slowly becomes addictive .
Initially , the new Mike Leigh film , `` Happy-Go-Lucky , '' is so overbearing , it 's a turn-off . But b the end of it , you might be calling it `` Up with Poppy . ''
I found Poppy to be annoying , bordering on the delusional , but of course I 'm a big old crab .
Stop the presses ! A favorable portrayal of a happy person in a movie !
A cute but shallow and generally sloppy enterprise .
The inexplicably overrated , overbearing and overly improvised tale of peppy Poppy
The scenes between Poppy -LRB- Sally Hawkins -RRB- and driving-instructor Scott -LRB- Eddie Marsan -RRB- have real bite .
Happy-Go-Lucky is n't just a film that demonstrates the goodness of humankind , but makes you believe in it as well .
Almost like viewing a nature documentary . I could imagine David Attenborough 's voice : ` See here this woman whose way of positively viewing life can grate on those around her . '
The main character in Happy-Go-Lucky will drive you to distraction . But just try looking away .
An upbeat seriocomedy about an ever-smiling eternal optimist .
Roguishly insightful and quietly riveting , Happy-Go-Lucky is innocuously entertaining in its free-wheeling spirit ... methodically merry-minded and meaningful ...
Mike Leigh seems to have had a great time writing about this woman who uses her sunny attitude as armor against life and more surprisingly finds that it works for her .
A winning character study by the king of chronicling the British working-class , Mike Leigh .
Any character who bears even a slight resemblance to Robin Williams ' insufferable Patch Adams deserves no less a fate than being simultaneously electrocuted and beheaded at film 's end , yet here 's writer-director Mike Leigh bucking some formidable odds .
Scenes that would be throwaways in most films -- girls gabbing on their night out , a walk by the seaside -- have been set up to tell us a lot about the people in them , if we 'll only pay close attention .
Poppy is not a contradiction of but an artistic first cousin to Leigh 's previous heroine , Vera Drake ; both are open , fearless , unselfish and compassionate women , trying to craft the best life possible out of the potentially dreary material of existence .
And , boy , do you pull for her , because if the indomitable Poppy ca n't find what she 's looking for , then there 's no hope for the rest of us .
What it 's ultimately about is n't Poppy 's unflagging cheerfulness , but about how she uses her cheerfulness to cling on to an increasingly precious commodity : hope .
Cheerleaders for melancholy have often linked it with profundity . But it 's Leigh 's achievement to show that happiness , too , can have its depths , and even its darkness .
Here 's what makes Mike Leigh 's films so good : We expect , since we 're watching a movie , that we 'll eventually see the other side of these characters .
Hawkins wears her grin in almost every scene , but she gives us hints that this dizzy 30-year-old is deep , as are the disappointments that might have caused Poppy to don this mask . It 's a performance of sustained , childlike wonder and adult wit .
In this bleak economic climate , are you looking for a glass that 's half-full instead of half-empty ? Here 's a lighthearted , life-affirming comedy to be thankful for .
One of Leigh 's most upbeat films , as well as one of the best .
se taksideyei me aksiozileyti anesi kai finetsa , se mia eidylliaka fantasiaki ensarkosi tis endedeigmenis antidrasis ki antistasis toy anthropoy , apenanti sta mayra synnefa tis Morntor poy skepazoyn ti zoi toy
That smile is so winning it 's almost transcendent -LRB- kind of like Julia Roberts ' smile , back when she used to smile -RRB- . But it 's Hawkins ' depth that ultimately sells the film 's premise .
For the most part , the British comedy-drama Happy-Go-Lucky lives up to its title .
... the rare movie that seems better the more you think about it .
Sally Hawkins ' enchanting performance is yet another example that Leigh 's trademark technique is working .
Leigh finally discovers the entire other half of human experience that he 's always ignored , and in the process directs his best film since Secrets & Lies .
It 's a powerful argument for optimism .
I 've never used this cliché in a review before , and God forbid I ever use it again , so pay close attention : Happy-Go-Lucky is the feel-good movie of the year .
Sally Hawkins , in a blinding , Oscar-worthy piece of acting so good you barely see it , plays Poppy , a perpetually upbeat elementary schoolteacher in London .
British director Mike Leigh has made the first great comedy for our new depression .
She is charming and funny , and her blithe , carefree spirit actually comes across as a legitimate way of dealing with life -- or , at the very least , as being better than some of the alternatives .
Leigh 's creation is fixed and unchangeable , admirably optimistic as a person but completely unengaging as a movie character .
Mike Leigh , cockeyed optimist ?
Leigh pushes the story in a more interesting direction , asking whether people find happiness or simply will it on themselves .
The intentions of this oddity are muddled , but the small portraits of ordinary people choosing their path through the daily range of depression and delight are fully alive .
Yes , Sally Hawkins does an amazing job , but she also plays a type of person that the majority of us ca n't stand . It 's beyond Poppy 's positive outlook .
I really thought I might really grow tired of her quickly , but by the end I had nothing but admiration .
The new Mike Leigh film , Happy-Go-Lucky , is a real pleasure , and besides being Leigh 's most buoyantly comic feature it 's a marvelous showcase for Sally Hawkins , who has worked twice before with the British writer-director .
It feels modest while you 're watching it , but the more I think about it , the more I love it .
Happy-Go-Lucky does n't provide many insights -LRB- even Poppy seems ultimately unsure about whether happiness can be a permanent condition -RRB- , but it does provide a little joy -- and that 's worth celebrating , at the movies and elsewhere .
This is a film to share with a friend or loved one ; you 'll have plenty to discuss and laugh about afterward .
There is something infectious and unique about Poppy 's joy , and Leigh seems to have caught the bug . Poppy ca n't make everyone happy , but for many of us , she 'll do all right .
A character study in the classic sense of the phrase , featuring a lead who will stick with you for days and weeks to come . It 's easily one of the best movies of the year .
One of the best films of 2008 and one of the finest films to date from a man commonly regarded as one of the world 's greatest filmmakers .
It 's rather grim , the laughs are few , and the only lesson it teaches is that , for all its sins , Hollywood is much better at making this kind of life-affirming Pollyanna movie .
Absolutely extraordinary in its grounded optimism , Happy-Go-Lucky features an Oscar-worthy performance from Sally Hawkins that must not , can not be ignored .
Sally Hawkins been in movies before , including Leigh 's `` Vera Drake '' and Woody Allen 's `` Cassandra 's Dream , '' but this is her star-making role . She was named best actress at Berlin 2008 . I will deliberately employ a cliche : She is a joy to behold .
Expertly directed by Mike Leigh , Happy-Go-Lucky is not only joyous but substantial .
Mr. Leigh has executed a richly exuberant entertainment for our troubled times , and deserves still another of my honorary Oscars for his astoundingly skillful effort .
I kept hoping Miss Happy-Go-Lucky would get cancer .
A wonderfully life-affirming tale of a woman who always looks on the bright side of things ... -LSB- which avoids -RSB- either comic caricature or teary treacle .
A lighter register than most Leigh films , but the content is as psychologically and dramatically rich as ever .
The British actress Sally Hawkins delivers a nervy , utterly captivating tour de force performance in Happy-Go-Lucky , Mike Leigh 's transporting new film .
Coming from the man who made his name as a director of often grim social-realist films such as Vera Drake , All or Nothing and Secrets & Lies , Mike Leigh 's Happy-Go-Lucky strikes one as a film fantasy .
Happy-Go-Lucky is some sort of cinematic proof that beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
Happy-Go-Lucky is n't one of Leigh 's epic social canvases like Secrets & Lies or even Topsy-Turvy ; rather , it 's an edgy character study whose message only gradually emerges .
As refreshing as it is to find a movie that leaves you smiling , it 's something much rarer to discover a film that makes you think about what a commitment to happiness really means .
An oddball British movie that makes a courageous attempt to profile a woman who lives up to the title , always , in every situation .
Oddball and ingenious .
I want to believe in someone like -LSB- Poppy -RSB- . I want to believe life can be approached from such an uncompromisingly joyous perspective .
As Poppy likes to say , it 's lovely .
Cute but inconsequential , pleasant to a degree but so willowy that it hardly seems to exist at all .
It 's a small , radiant gem in a movie season cluttered with rhinestones . You leave the theater feeling both clearheaded and buoyant .
Director Mike Leigh creates an air-headed vision of inner contentment in the guise of 30-year-old British primary school teacher and student driver Poppy -LRB- played by Sally Hawkins -RRB- .
This is writer/director Mike Leigh 's best film since 1993 's `` Naked '' and , in a sense , its photo negative twin - female centric as opposed to male , light vs. dark , optimistic vs. nihilistic ...
There are times during Happy-Go-Lucky where Poppy is entirely endearing and others where she comes off as the bubbliest of emotional terrorists , but Leigh never emphasizes one facet as paramount over another .
It was a film The Secret would want me to see .
WWPD % u2014What Would Poppy Do ?
It is a decidedly clear-eyed exploration of the challenges of being happy . And , as such , it 's both an enjoyable comedy and a fascinating character study .
The key to enjoying the film , a minor effort by Leigh , is warming up to Poppy . Her bubbly personality may be too much for some . She 's like a walking , talking smiley face .
A picture so seemingly light that it might be hours -LRB- or even days -RRB- before you realize how deep and rich it really is .
No list of the year 's best performances should be made without -LSB- Sally Hawkins -RSB- .
Happy-Go-Lucky ultimately charms -- just like its dizzy , disarming heroine .
Poppy , memorably played by Sally Hawkins , is one of those individuals who sees every glass as half-full .
Is it possible to enjoy the company of the world 's most irritating woman ? Mike Leigh 's surprisingly sunny dramedy makes a pretty good case that , in fact , it is .
The way these two characters react to each other while staying completely in character displays Leigh 's method the way nothing else can .
Happy-Go-Lucky does n't condemn the optimistic way Poppy approaches life . It 's wondering why there are n't more people like her .
Thoughtful comedy 's charm outweighs mild iffiness .
I do n't know how Mike Leigh does it .
This is a movie that offers up plenty of food for thought , the whole thing anchored by a performance so stunning and triumphant if Hawkins does n't get an Academy Award nomination I might just fall over dead from the shock .
Has feel-good factor in super-abundance .
Watching Mike Leigh 's sublimely fresh Happy-Go-Lucky , you could be forgiven for wondering what the rest of humanity is so depressed about , anyway .
Happy-Go-Lucky is closely tuned to the pulse of communal life , to the rhythms of how people work , play and struggle together .
So joyous and uplifting that you just want to pluck it off the screen , put it in your pocket and carry it around with you .
Your tolerance for it all will depend heavily on whether you consider Hawkins ' mannered performance insufferably cloying or irresistibly charming .
There are no house-call abortionists or down-on-their-luck families who only find hope in the next pint , just a chipper Finsbury Park bird who always looks at the brighter side
The opening scenes of Mike Leigh 's latest slice-of-life dramedy Happy-Go-Lucky introduce a protagonist who appears psychologically disordered at worst , and highly annoying at best .
Poppy is upbeat -- so relentlessly upbeat that it wo n't take long before you 're wondering just how the director plans to wipe the smile off her face .
The trouble is that the movie in which Poppy does , in fact , exist never quite rises to her level .
Writer-director Leigh , maintaining a deceptively freewheeling tone throughout , creates a comedy that 's also something much more .
The buoyant tone of Leigh 's latest , Happy-Go-Lucky , is such an unexpected and welcome change-of-pace . For his part , Leigh is just as grumpy as ever , but he has produced a motion picture that can best be described as optimistic .
It is a rare blessing to have movies like Happy-Go-Lucky and Rachel Getting Married arrive back to back .
The sunshiny primary-school teacher nicknamed Poppy -LRB- Sally Hawkins -RRB- in Mike Leigh 's exuberant comedy Happy-Go-Lucky is the kind of relentless optimist one might worry about in real life .
We take Mike Leigh 's gifts for granted , knowing the collaborative nature of his filmmaking will inevitably produce something brimming with humanity . Yet what the director and cast do with this character study is miraculous .
At the very least , the spectacle of Poppy 's devotion and desire , not to mention her all-around sunny disposish , left this viewer feeling unaccountably happy -- at least for the moment .
Strange but wonderful ... up there with some of Leigh 's best movies , driven by riveting performances from Sally Hawkins and Eddie Marsan .
Indeed , playing someone sunny without making them totally irritating might be more of a challenge than portraying Lady Macbeth , and Hawkins makes Poppy 's good cheer pragmatic and personable .
I was ready to give it a negative review , but when the movie turned out to have a point , I realized that it was kind of brilliant .
The movie is n't witty or memorable , but it keeps you on edge , and it 's the first war-on-terror film to weave its anti-U.S. politics so deeply into the narrative that the characters do n't need to speechify .
Happy-Go-Lucky is triumphant proof that a creative middle way is always possible .
Like Poppy herself , Happy-Go-Lucky is deceptively simple , thoroughly charming and always surprising .
Hawkins ' Poppy charms us even as she makes us concerned about what all the giggling is covering up . She is , after all , a very sympathetic case study .
Deceptively lighthearted , Mike Leigh 's new film offers a sober , poignant look at the difficulties of maintaining happiness in our harsh modern world , boasting a towering , Oscar-worthy performance from Sally Hawkins .
-LSB- Leigh 's -RSB- legitimately uplifting film benefits from its own refusal to unduly sentimentalize or moralize .
this adeptly-made movie will wake us up to how cynical we really are -LRB- in comparison to Mike Leigh 's the title character -RRB- .
One of the best portraits of an enthusiastic person ever put on the screen .
He may be taking a breather , but this is still a Mike Leigh actors ' showcase ; expect to hear more about Sally Hawkins -LRB- and the amazing `` En-rah-ha '' Eddie Marsan -RRB- as Oscar season approaches .
Hawkins is delightful , connecting with the audience when a lesser actress would have been merely cloying in the role .
This gangly brunette is bananas , and the music on the soundtrack is perfectly in sync with her kooky mode of social expression , so that she suggests Mary Pickford as well as Polly Jean Harvey .
Poppy is almost a real person , waiting for us somewhere in London , humming to herself and wearing her favorite tan boots .
... a slightly uneven yet thoroughly engaging slice-of-life effort from writer/director Mike Leigh .
In the end , Hawkins ' vivid characterization alone justifies Happy-Go-Lucky . The hamfistedness of the script sadly undermines what probably should have registered as a towering performance .
It 's an exhilarating film , one of the best he has given us .
At 65 , director Mike Leigh proves an old dog can turn new tricks .
Frivolity is used as a tool to unmask anger and Leigh 's mastery has never been more apparent than in the creation of his richly layered characters
Very funny and , despite the lack of a central plot , finds surprising truth in its characters .
In the factory-farmed blandness of the movies , Happy-Go-Lucky has a strong , real taste .
A delightful comedy that sinks its teeth into your heart with unexpected power .
A light-hearted look at a free spirit , with some funny and thought-provoking moments .
A film that should be required viewing nationwide . A good blast of fresh air that sweeps you off your feet .
Fresh , funny and uplifting . A zingy , irresistible sorbet of light-footed comedy and everyday humanity . Only hardened churls will roll their weary eyes at Hawkins ' gusto . Leigh 's most open and optimistic film since Life Is Sweet .
An improvisational comedy drama , it 's very funny and establishes Hawkins as a major talent to watch .
Happy-Go-Lucky might have sit-com spin-off potential , but like one of Poppy 's driving lessons , it lurches around , grinding gears , and ends up back where it started .
It 's a funny film - a surprise perhaps after ` Vera Drake ' - and , crucially , it aches with truth .
Mike Leigh draws a bravura performance out of Sally Hawkins , and she in return makes Poppy one of Leigh 's best characters yet - up there with the likes of Vera Drake or Beverly from Abigail 's Party .
` Enormous crowd-pleaser ' and ` directed by Mike Leigh ' were not phrases this critic ever thought he would be putting together in the same sentence , but Leigh 's Happy-Go-Lucky is exactly that .
The character of Poppy is an entirely original female film protagonist , sort of a British working class version of Annie Hall .
As usual , Leigh 's trademark extended rehearsal process pays off with vivid characterizations from ensemble cast .
As surprising as it is delicious with an indelible performance by new star Sally Hawkins .












@highlight

Mike Leigh 's latest partially-improvised film is a light-hearted comedy with moments that bite , and features a brilliant star turn by Sally Hawkins .