Sorkin ? Give him an Oscar . Actors ? Give 'em all Golden Globe nominations . But director Danny Boyle ? There 's not much to say , really .
-LSB- Aaron Sorkin and Danny Boyle -RSB- freely compress and embellish and bite into something piquant and tart .
A typically Sorkin-esque collection of high octane , highly literate , verbal jousts that manages the neat trick of exalting Steve Jobs while also crucifying him .
Oscar-winning screenwriter Aaron Sorkin pens the type of fast-paced , clever and sardonic dialogue he lives for , but also gives Jobs a series of personal demons to exorcise .
As a movie about a visionary , Steve Jobs is an interesting work ; as a movie that manages to turn such a portrait into a meaningful drama , it is essentially flawed .
The next time you fire up that iPhone , iPad , MacBook , or iPod , just remember how insanely uncompromising and rude a mind it took to bring you these creations we take for granted and now seemingly ca n't live without .
The spark of genius in Sorkin 's script is that it 's structured around three key product launches across a decade and a half , instead of attempting a full biography like the dismal Ashton Kutcher film a few years back .
The drama is often wonderful , but occasionally it 's so slick and polished as to briefly descend into melodrama .
Steve Jobs is not flawless , literally boxed in as it is by the setting , but the acting carries the film past its problems .
Michael Fassbender , Kate Winslet , Seth Rogan and Jeff Daniels are exceptional in this film .
So STEVE JOBS is more of an actor 's movie in which the performances outweigh every other area of the film . Which is n't a negative , but is what it is . Take that for what it 's worth .
Steve Jobs is a peculiar , thrilling and audacious film about a peculiar , thrilling and audacious man . And I ca n't understand why no one wants to see it .
I know exactly who Steve Jobs , Apple CEO , is . Steve Jobs feels a revelation because it exposes Steve Jobs , the man .
` Forced and unbalanced ' adequately describe the film overall . Danny Boyle 's cinematic flourishes - abstract , anticipatory cutaways and dramatic , iconography-heavy montages establishing the time between acts - do n't best serve Sorkin 's script .
In many ways , the founder of Apple is the ideal subject for a screenplay by Aaron Sorkin : he is a spiteful , narcissistic American antihero .
The ending dramatics offer Jobs a little redemption from the otherwise unflattering portrait so we leave the theater with a balanced vision of this larger than life character .
A sleek , energetic , depth filled and riveting character drama that rather brilliantly delves into the disturbing faults and stubborn genius that was part and parcel of Jobs ' character .
Steve Jobs is a magnificent movie .
The Jobs here will always be `` Aaron Sorkin 's Jobs '' ... who people say was nerdier and more youthfully exuberant than the fully in-control maestro depicted in the film . But Fassbender does a great job with what he 's given .
Viewers who experience ardent adulation each time a new iPhone hits the market will lap it up , but others might wonder what all the fuss is about .
If we absolutely must have Biopics of Great Men -LRB- TM -RRB- , the least we can hope for is that they all try this hard .
I 'm not comparing Sorkin 's prose with the Bard 's , but using a widely known and culturally important figure as a way into telling stories with universal themes is , well , universal .
From this beginning , Sorkin and Boyle add layer upon layer of shadowing to their portrait of Jobs as ruthless , driven , obsessive , and extraordinarily charismatic , aided in no small part by Michael Fassbender 's brilliant performance .
A reminder of Sorkin 's true gifts as a dramatist ; it also boasts a crackerjack ensemble cast , subtle yet substantial direction by Boyle , and a welcome explosion of exceedingly tedious biopic tropes .
This is an enthralling film . Computer nerds may grumble , but lovers of classy drama are well served .
The shallow great-man-at-high-costs scenario reveals Sorkin as crafting essentially a pop-psychology sitcom -LRB- Zingers ! The Steve Jobs Story -RRB- .
With a seminal lead performance , pools of delectable dialogue , and some editing for the ages , `` Steve Jobs '' is a must for cinephiles .
Revitalising the tired notion of a biopic , this three-act miracle is unquestionably the best-written movie of the past year .
It 's a decent biopic that offers a compelling glimpse inside the head of a man who is often referred to as a pioneer and a visionary of the digital age .
Thank you Danny Boyle , thank you Aaron Sorkin , thank you linesmen and ball boys ; the Ashton Kutcher certified piece of excrement `` Jobs '' has been successfully eclipsed by this inventive and kinetic glimpse into the life of tech icon Steve Jobs .
Clever , funny and utterly engaging , this is both excellent and accessible .
If you loved The Social Network , you 'll also love this film , but if you hated it , this one will feel as an insufferable drag despite the great effort of everyone involved . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Though it is a decidedly dark portrait that shimmers into shape before us , Michael Fassbender infuses a comic bounce to his performance that neatly counters his regular outbursts of despotism and bad fatherhood .
Boyle -- and maybe Sorkin , though the domineering Sorkinese makes it hard to surmise -- is doing something smarter , even outright subversive .
` Steve Jobs ' is a dreamy pop song that repeats the chorus far too often . But it sure does play a mean hook .
... the drive , the philosophy , the ruthlessness , the prescience of Jobs , a man who ... redefined the way we interact with the world .
Though it will undoubtedly mean more to people somewhat intimately familiar with Apple 's history , Steve Jobs is a nevertheless affecting piece of cinema that never attempts to canonise its subject matter .
Steve Jobs , a study of the late co-founder of Apple that takes place in the hours and minutes prior to three separate product launches , is a powerful film with little subtlety .
This screenplay is staggeringly lazy . It 's factually incorrect in almost every way , consisting of self-satisfied , expository patter and cringingly simplistic characterisation .
Fassbender , in a superb performance , portrays -LSB- Jobs -RSB- as a genius -- but also as a painfully flawed human being .
Sorkin has created something that feels staged and unrealistic . It 's as if every key person in Steve Jobs ' life wants to complain in the half-hour leading up to each launch .
Jobs ' insistence on a `` closed system completely incompatible with anything else '' is a convenient metaphor for the character we see on screen here .
All respect to Leo , but Fassbender deserves an award just for getting through the dialogue here alone .
This is one small corner of a portrait , magnified to the extreme . If you do happen to find this product user-friendly , it will be due to the aptly intuitive design of Fassbender 's excellent performance in the title role .
Featuring fine performances from the whole cast , as they make Sorkin 's sometimes-tricky dialogue sound real , Boyle 's film makes you wonder how Steve 's friends and colleagues would feel about how impossible and appalling he 's made to appear here .
A balanced and often critical perspective of the flawed visionary behind Apple , Pixar and everything ` Mac ' .
Sleek , efficient and spunky , Aaron Sorkin 's attempt to distil Steve Jobs ' life into one pocket-sized movie reflects Apple products in all but one way : its ambition is alienating enough to render it user-unfriendly .
When you have time to absorb all the positives here , from the performances to the script 's details , it impresses and lingers .
Aaron Sorkin 's screenplay and Danny Boyle 's direction give us a Steve Jobs profile that does not idolise or flatter him . As a result , the film gains respect and we gain insight
Aaron Sorkin 's brilliant screenplay feels like a hyperactive backstage expose ... and if every historic milestone is not crystal clear , the overall impression of the man certainly is . As for Michael Fassbender , he can do no wrong
The biggest strike against it is that it does n't have any compelling reason to exist ... Jobsians will be disgusted at what is , pretty much , a character assassination and non-techheads could easily become bored .
You do n't have to use Apple products or even like Steve Jobs the person to appreciate Steve Jobs the movie . It 's a brilliant masterpiece and intimate , warts-and-all portrait of a broken person who literally changed the world
An extraordinary script , agile direction and impressive performances from all the cast make Jobs THE MOVIE about Apple 's enigmatic CEO . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael Fassbender becomes Steve Jobs with an incredible performance , definitely Oscar worthy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's interesting to perceive the contrasts between the particular styles of Sorkin and Boyles . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
With a tremendous cast , a great script , and solid direction , Steve Jobs carefully balances capitalistic exaltation with Jobs ' more humanised flaws , brought to the screen in equal parts dazzle and heartbreak .
A bicycle for the mind
Too theatrical , hyper-chatty , and self-involved to become truly involving or insightful . Then comes its crash of an ending , a system-error so staggeringly redemption-reaching that you may glimpse the ghost-image of Christ himself on the frozen screen .
Enough praise , it is time to really wonder who is the man behind the machine . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You can tell Aaron Sorkin really gets what Steve Jobs was all about . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A different kind of biopic created from an incredibly focused , well presented and well written screen play by Aaron Sorkin and a magnificent direction by Danny Boyle . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very enjoyable film if you can look past the cold and distant touch it has sometimes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fierce film with great performances by Fassbender and Winslet . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Steve Jobs '' manages to be a surprisingly entertaining and intelligent film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Michael Fassbender delivers a powerhouse performance as Jobs in Danny Boyle 's bravura portrait of the revered Apple co-founder , which is neither a traditional biopic nor a gushing hagiography .
A frenetic and rich tale loosely based on real life .
An epic portrait of a man building his way to greatness , -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fassbender , Winslet and Stuhlbarg 's delivery of Sorkin 's dialog are enough to put this movie amongst the year 's best . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
My only negative comment about the film is its ending , a bit too melodramatic . Other than this , it 's one of the most attractives movies of the year . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Plays fast and loose with the facts , but so did Shakespeare 's `` Julius Caesar . '' I 'm not comparing Sorkin 's prose with the Bard 's , but using a widely known culturally important figure as a way into telling stories with universal themes is , well , universal .
It 's an intelligent , sometimes daring film , with a commanding central performance by Michael Fassbender . But this is no puff job .
Michael Fassbender brilliantly plays Steve Jobs .
This is truly inspired filmmaking on every level and come awards season it would be shocking not to see it up there .
Luckily , even the miscasting of Fassbender ca n't upstage Steve Jobs ' main attraction : Aaron Sorkin 's witty , nimble , and shrewd dialogue .
An iconoclastic biopic exposing the late Apple CEO 's ugly underbelly .
... the inside-baseball approach to the material prevents one from embracing the characters and ensuring that certain sequences come off as dry and incomprehensible
Sidestepping arguments about accuracy , writer Aaron Sorkin and director Danny Boyle take an artistic , impressionistic approach to this biopic about the iconic Apple founder .
Boyle 's portrait of the Apple legend is a lively affair that has you convinced of one man 's genius , although we 're guessing that man was n't supposed to be Aaron Sorkin .
How 's this for faint praise : Steve Jobs is the best Apple CEO biopic of the decade .
Brainy , brilliant and intensely frustrating -- the latest Steve Jobs movie is a lot like the man himself .
The staginess of the movie is its greatest benefit , allowing the characters and the dialogue to shine ... It crackles and moves like a mother **** er .
Boyle 's innate humanism also ensures it neither vilifies nor venerates its subject . Instead it does the decent thing and treats him like a human being , even when he is n't always acting like one .
Sometimes Fassbender 's face is rigid with tension . Elsewhere he 's loosey goosey . What 's uncanny is that despite no prosthetics being used he never looks like himself .
Boyle artfully shows us that while the man himself might have had messianic delusions , he was more like a rock star , especially in the histrionic way audiences received him at those product launches .
As well as being tiresome it does not ring true .
The film 's a monument to single-mindedness and self-belief , a screwball comedy without the jokes -LRB- though there are terrific one-liners -RRB- .
From the trademark quickfire walk-and-talk dialogue -LRB- Boyle calls it a `` standing-up movie '' -RRB- to the slick sociopolitical satire , this runs on Sorkin software .
Aaron Sorkin and Danny Boyle 's exhilarating film ... is no more the definitive portrait of Steve Jobs than Shakespeare 's Richard III is the last word on the medieval monarch - but it is dazzling drama .
Michael Fassbender and Kate Winslet create all the dynamic tension required to propel Aaron Sorkin 's minimalist screenplay into epic terrain , but the film is an inspiring success and a frustrating failure at the same time - much like the man himself
Sorkin smothers any intrigue or ambiguity and signposts every irony . What he has written is a set of instructions , not a script .
A compelling look at the birth of the home technology age and one not very nice man at its centre .
A film that is smart , funny , likeable and entertaining . It is , quite simply , a thoroughly enjoyable piece of work .
It is well made , and the performances are ace , as is the dialogue , and I was kept interested , so the journey may well be worthwhile , even if the destination is not .
Steve Jobs puffs out its chest and valiantly adrenalises design concepts and balance sheets ... It sure as hell talks the talk . As a portrait of an imperfect perfectionist , it does n't quite walk the walk .
Boyle is to be hugely congratulated for suppressing his taste for cinematic bravado and allowing the drama to play out at its own pace .
-LSB- Boyle 's -RSB- real achievement is making cinema out of material that is n't even a stage play as much as very expensive radio : a battery of dialogue , unbroken by reflective pauses or even , on occasion , the actors drawing breath .
A drama that is genuinely concerned with thinking and ideas relevant to the way we live now .
Better to view it as a fiction , a what-might-have-been study in hubris and vision and human failings . In those terms , it 's quietly fascinating , and only one of those two words really fits Steve Jobs .
Steve Jobs is scuppered by its repetitive nature , with Sorkin 's overly verbose dialogue and Boyle 's proclivity for on-the-nose visual statements sorely testing the patience , even if one is prepared for them .
This is a movie that never lets up or allows viewers to do anything but meet it with fearsome focus . Much like its subject .
Was Steve Jobs ' success achieved because of his caustic personality or in spite of it ? The answer is inconclusive , which is kind of what makes this movie great .
Fassbender 's performance is a stunning achievement of subtlety and power , as he presents Jobs as a witty , likable and engaging person in one conversation and a conflicted , shutdown monster in the next .
Steve Jobs is a film that functions with the well-oiled synchronization of an orchestra ... the end result is my favorite film of the year thus far .
Solidly made , largely entertaining , but hardly the groundbreaking work it 's been touted as .
iCa n't wait to see it again .
A breakneck Aaron Sorkin script combined with a subtle , confident performance from Fassbender results in a meticulously constructed character study .
For all its relevance and grandeur , Steve Jobs is ridiculously entertaining . You might say , user-friendly .
The narrative is so overtly structured that the structure itself starts to intrude on the drama as we become overly aware of the narrative circularity and repetitions of dramatic confrontation .
Steve Jobs is one of the best films of the year . Like the man himself , it 's sharp , imaginative and unforgettable .
Maddening and charismatic , Steve does n't so much develop as he represents , vividly and terribly , a complicated geometry of success .
Steve Jobs is a filmmaking achievement of the highest order and one of the best movies of the year .
In this film there is little to -LSB- Steve Jobs -RSB- but conflict , and that can be somewhat tiresome to watch .
Look closely and you 'll see this is n't really a movie about computers at all . The machines are there , but the new iterations introduced in the launches-the ones the filmmakers are truly interested in-are the slowly new and improved models of Jobs the man .
Sorkin has got to the point that most scriptwriters arrive at : the point where the belief that there 's no business like show business evolves into the belief that all businesses are like show business .
You may love your iPhone , but it will never love you back . Same goes for its creator , or at least the dramatic-fiction version of him in `` Steve Jobs . ''
Steve Jobs would say , `` That 's not me . '' Sorkin would answer , `` No , I 've made you more human . ''
It 's talky , it has no action scenes and the central character is n't easy to like . But darned if ` Steve Jobs ' is n't one of the year 's best films
Directed with patented flashy sleight-of-hand for no particular purpose by Danny Boyle , Steve Jobs is slick and empty . It looks and sounds like a movie but it really is n't about anything .
With a 360-minute run time on the small screen , it would have been breathlessly hyped as a `` Television Event '' ; at 122 minutes on the big screen , it 's still a noteworthy achievement , even if it only partly gets Jobs done .
Admirable as meticulously constructed piece of theater using real-life figures like billiard balls than for its emotional catharsis or insight into the evolution of a man .
Aaron Sorkin 's script is the best and worst element of the movie .
Fassbender masterfully summons the powerful gravity that pulled other objects into Jobs ' orbit-as well as the icy , distant chill that pushed most people away .
Steve Jobs is successful in conveying the excitement verging on hysteria that each new launch provoked . It deals very skilfully with the ups and downs in Jobs ' career -- his wilderness years after he left Apple and his glorious return .
Sorkin is n't interested in dutifully depicting Jobs or his brilliance ... But with this smart , intense , ingeniously designed and occasionally exasperating film , Sorkin does deliver an appropriately Jobsian end product .
Steve Jobs is an impressive feat ; it might not fulfill tech geeks ' desires to see more of the machines , but it certainly makes the man behind Apple a fascinatingly flawed character who is tricky to love , but very easy to watch .
A truly , one-of-a-kind biopic . Closer to Citizen Kane than JOBS .
Instead of the traditional and-then-this-happened biopic , `` Steve Jobs '' is a bold , funny and poignant film - five bars , fully charged filmmaking .
A daring , unconventional biopic that succeeds through the power of words and vastly talented group of actor and filmmakers .
Best everything is written all over this one and if there is an actor working today better than Michael Fassbender , I do n't know who it is .
Fassbender gives a brilliant , electrifying performance . Its fast , its brutal and it is an enthralling movie . Can an unwanted beginning explain him ?
Sorkin manages to top his fine Academy Award winning work in writing `` The Social Network '' by constructing a transformative framework beyond his typical assaultive and engaging dialogue .
It does to the traditional biographical movie what Jobs himself did to traditional ideas about computers .
This thing is fun to hear and must have been even more fun to perform . That 's why great actors keep getting drawn to Sorkin 's work .
The film is an uncompromising picture of an arrogant and compulsive man who saw things others did n't and drove them relentlessly and mercilessly to catch up with his vision .
Michael Fassbender oozes narcissistic charm as Jobs , giving a strong performance without ever fully inhabiting the character , and he 's given excellent support by Kate Winslet , Jeff Daniels , Michael Stuhlbarg and Seth Rogen .
One of Sorkin 's best accomplishments is in detailing the technology behind these computer products in such a punchy , interesting way that it 's absorbing theater as well . It 's the human element that 's less interesting .
As original and risk-taking as its subject , `` Steve Jobs '' will make you think differently about an American icon .
Perhaps the strangest thing about the film is that Steve Jobs never seems capable of inspiring anyone : He 's the smartest kid in the class and the biggest bully .
Give screenwriter Aaron Sorkin and director Danny Boyle credit for making a biopic that skirts tradition . Give them demerits for the Aaron Sorkin-ness of it all , the non-Danny Boyle-ness of it all .
Most biopics go to great lengths to humanize their subjects , to show that even the great ones are flawed in some way . Steve Jobs sets its subject on fire , and then pokes the body with a stick for 122 minutes .
As good as Michael Fassbender is in the lead role , the real star is Aaron Sorkin 's smart , thrillingly unconventional script .
Sorkin 's dialogue crackles when it focuses on professionals trying to solve complex problems , but the script falters when it tries to understand Jobs as a person .
Steve Jobs is the best movie about the genius behind Apple . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Alex Gibney 's documentary at least wondered aloud if our Apple fixation says something sad about us . This flick does n't even understand that question .
Aaron Sorkin 's aggressively stagey and bullying biopic fails to comprehend either its subject 's cruelty or genius .
Sorkin , once again , upends the director/writer equation in this brilliant and brilliantly chatty and revealing portrait .
Boyle 's film makes technology warm-blooded , and reminds us that every machine has its ghost .
Kate Winslet contributes a fine performance as his battered `` work-wife '' Joanna Hoffman and , as Jobs , hateful but undeniable , Michael Fassbender is terrific , much better than as Macbeth , an Oscar-contender for sure .
A hyper-charismatic performance from Michael Fassbender combines with whip-cracking dialogue from Aaron Sorkin in Steve Jobs .
You 've never seen such a compelling , entertaining movie about a genius jerk . As smart and as sleek as a Macbook Pro , and a compulsory bit of modern history .
When you 've got Sorkin on screenwriting duties , Boyle at the helm and Fassbender in the lead , you 're almost guaranteeing a worthwhile production , and this does not disappoint .
Fassbender is appropriately assertive as Jobs , showing the level of maniacal self-belief it takes to convince the world to buy what you are selling , and how that might impact on those around you .
It 's an intense motion picture befitting its single-minded main character that evokes something elemental about the loneliness of life in the spotlight .
Uncorking a non-stop deluge of motion and his trademark rigueur whiplash dialogue , Sorkin sticks to his lonesome belief that words speak louder than pictures . And you know what ? In his case they do - beautifully .
A redemptive fable at once artful , elegant , and clean . But by stripping out any and all complications , the movie denies itself the opportunity for nuance and puts a ceiling on its own ambition .
A brilliant , rapid-fire examination of parenthood , ego , and maniacal genius told in a refreshingly innovative way that Jobs himself would have loved .
Thanks to Fassbender 's revelatory performance , Jobs comes across as a captivating monster , a dictator in a black turtleneck who is impossible to ignore .
Ever Oscar-bait element lines up for our approval . So why is n't Steve Jobs better ?
It entertains and enlightens , and it 's bang on in showing how great ideas are born not through compromise but through vision and determination .
Steve Jobs is a quality portrait of Apple 's co-founder , with a gripping turn from Fassbender - even if the film plays fast and loose with history
It 's an immensely successful film , and a story worthy of its subject .
Fassbender is amusing , sad , and spellbinding . He even , in his turtleneck phase , looks like Jobs .
Though Danny Boyle 's fleet-footed direction is skillful , the film 's main appeal lies in Sorkin 's screenplay , which might be the Sorkinest of his career .
Will these people ever shut up ? Jobs film is hijacked by Aaron Sorkin screenplay .
The actors drive this film to good , but not insanely great heights .
Every single actor in `` Steve Jobs '' is immensely gifted , with Fassbender leading the charge .
At the heart of the movie is a mesmerizing , iconic performance by Michael Fassbender , certain to be Oscar-nominated .
It 's quite something to behold , with some of the heated exchanges being the best thing you 'll see all year in any movie . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Terrifically well-acted by all , sharply scripted by Sorkin and directed by Danny Boyle with his usual caffeinated , color-drenched intensity , a nice match for Sorkin 's style .
The acting is unarguably , uniformly strong .
Boyle is and always has been an exciting , inventive director , and Sorkin is as interesting as they come , churning out a sense of dialogue that 's entirely unique .
Though the film he stars in is very much a group effort , it is hard to imagine Steve Jobs without the magnetic Fassbender in the starring role .
Sorkin , Boyle and Fassbender have painted an impressionistic portrait rather than a naturalistic one , using their imagination and gift for highly-charged theatricality in a creative fashion Jobs himself might well have appreciated .
The dialogue crackles with wit , anger , and passion . By matching Sorkin 's words with Boyle 's style and Fassbender 's talent , Steve Jobs has hit the trifecta .
This may be the Jobs biopic you 've been waiting for , even if you sometimes forget that it 's about Jobs .
Sorkin and his word-winging are the point here : the walk-and-talks and occasional flashbacks aside , director Danny Boyle has a highly structured backstage play on his hands , and it does n't give him much room to move .
The Full Sorkin Treatment has electrified a well-trod subject . But it also smothers it in artifice .
What raises Steve Jobs way above the level of most biopics is the totality of Fassbender 's immersion into the character .
Fassbender 's performance transcends appearance to embody the code of Jobs .
Steve Jobs is effective as an exercise in classical form , highlighted by Sorkin 's biting brand of hyper-aware dialogue .
It rings emotionally and dramatically false , too at variance with the actual outsized talents and flaws of this man as they 've been obsessively catalogued elsewhere .
The acting is superb , no easy feat when trying to recite Sorkin 's words while walking down seemingly endless hallways . Fassbender does n't look a thing like Jobs and it does n't matter a bit .
Chaos always surrounds the hero in Sorkin 's scenarios , where life-changing decisions collide with minutiae .
Like Jobs ' own legendary `` reality distortion field , '' his near-mystical ability to convince anyone of almost anything , the film lifts us past sheer realism to higher truth .
As the title character , Michael Fassbender gets the SOB part down just fine , but there 's little evidence of the personal magnetism that enabled Jobs to bend so many people to his will .
Steve Jobs the man was complicated - and often infuriating to family , friends and colleagues at Apple Inc. , the computer company he co-founded . Steve Jobs the film is also complicated -- and consistently thrilling .
How do you make a Steve Jobs movie in a world where there are already two Steve Jobs movies ? You think different , and you turn it into an Aaron Sorkin movie .
Steve Jobs offers a stirringly sterling performance by Michael Fassbender as the titular visionary , loaded for bear with Aaron Sorkin 's Oscar-calibrated dialogue fired off with machine-gun precision under Boyle 's assured direction .
Boyle 's roaming camera and brisk staging injects a lot of energy into what is essentially two hours of walking and talking , while his habitual drift into too-slickness actually works here in complement with the script 's theatricality .
-LSB- Jobs ' -RSB- essential mantra : Love my products , not me . But this shiny , mediocre movie only succeeds in proving the wisdom of Pepsi-to-Apple CEO John Sculley -LRB- Jeff Daniels -RRB- : Nothing sells like sugar .
For all its busy-ness , Steve Jobs is simply a movie about a Great Innovator with a tragicomic flaw-an empathy gap . In classic Hollywood fashion , it suggests that he becomes an even greater innovator as he becomes a better man .
As identification of mental illness goes , the picture does n't deliver a recognizable Steve Jobs , just a highlight reel of his acrimonious ways .
Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin may have begun with Walter Isaacson 's book , but what he 's created is a kind of technological `` A Christmas Carol , '' Scrooge 's ghosts visiting during the launches of the Macintosh , the NExT computer and the iMAC
If you can get past that nothing in it happened and none of the dialogue was really said , it 's very entertaining
With such a tetchy , self-absorbed control freak at its center , it 's difficult to explain just why `` Steve Jobs '' is as entertaining , even pleasurable , as it is .
The movie , a formidable technical and design achievement , has everything going for it except a sense of Jobs ' inner life .
A screenplay in a movie 's clothing ...
It 's about time a movie about a real person dared to process its influential subject 's vision and take a chance .
Still , Steve Jobs does n't dig much beyond the surface of the man in the title . Anyone who wants a fuller story , free from the heavy hand of Sorkin , should seek out Alex Gibney 's documentary from earlier this year , Steve Jobs : The Man in the Machine .
A talky take on the Apple co-founder , structured around three product launches .
It 's totally fitting that Fassbender does n't resemble Jobs because we should n't ever think we 're watching reality , or even a recreation of reality .
Michael Fassbender will be in every best actor conversation from now until Oscar night -LRB- and deservedly so -RRB- for his mesmerizing turn as the legendary and legendarily difficult visionary Jobs .
Boyle films the proceedings on a slightly grainy stock that gives the movie just the hint of a documentary . There 's propulsion and energy . He takes Sorkin 's script and pumps it with amphetamines .
Fassbender 's Jobs oscillates between enthusiasm for his own ideas and outrage that the world ca n't keep up with him , in exactly the way that people close to the genius described him .
Boyle has serviced Sorkin 's material well enough and he 's got an ace in the hole with the shark-eyed Fassbender , who is miraculous , all hustle , energy , and scary grace .
Is `` Steve Jobs '' the final say on Steve Jobs ? That 's hard to say . But like its subject , it should remain relevant for years to come .
Sorkin 's relentless chatter starts to weigh on you : Steve Jobs feels artificial and conceptualized when it should be building to a crescendo .
In attempting to `` pull back the curtain '' on a man , reveals behind its own theatrical curtain nothing much worth paying attention to ...
If the film is n't entirely insightful on the many complex facets of the late Steve Jobs ' personality , it remains technically skillful and thematically resonant , vignettes from a time period as recent as it is startlingly obsolete .
What Sorkin and Boyle have to offer is not a warts-and-all portrait but the suggestion that there is something heroic about a wart .
A fascinating character study .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- For a movie that resists the traditional biopic movie formula of career-high-and-low flashbacks -LRB- witness Ashton Kutcher 's disastrous `` Jobs '' - now streaming on Netflix -RRB- , `` Steve Jobs '' is a droning tone poem of a character-study .
If I feel I now know less about Jobs than I did before , that may be a good thing .
Aaron Sorkin 's dazzling and dizzying screenplay is the star of this show which is blessed by crackerjack direction from Danny Boyle and a great Michael Fassbender in the title role .
Capably shot , well acted -LRB- notwithstanding Kate Winslet 's shape-shifting accent -RRB- , its score propulsive , if a little too insistent , it 's a finely crafted piece of work . But as a film , I found it nearly insufferable .
Aaron Sorkin has created a larger-than-life monstre sacré who can rage across three acts of dazzling dialogue and constant movement like a latter-day Lear .
It 's not a conventional film and is anything but a biopic ... but once you buckle in for this ride , it will be one you wo n't forget anytime soon .
The film feels so electric while you 're watching , it 's hard to believe that after two hours , it does n't even get to the iPod , let alone the iPhone .
Rigorous cinema at its finest , wielding dialogue , setting , cinematography , editing and performance to create ... an `` impressionistic portrait '' of the face of Apple .
Looking for a film in which the drama rests on fighting over whether the original Macintosh will say hello over the machine 's speaker ? Then this is for you .
As scathingly played by Fassbender , Jobs looks almost as sleek and perfected as one of his computers .
It 's wonderful in spots , maddening in spots , and entirely too sentimental in its ending . But it 's also unquestionably worth seeing .
Fassbender looks enough like Jobs that it 's not distracting , and he finds a voice for the character .
Exaggerated , transcendent , and brazen in its effort to entertain ... The best concert I 've been to this year .
As a technical achievement , it 's interesting , if not perfect . But for a story of our time , I ca n't imagine anything better .
It is an interesting film for people who have seen many of the other movies and TV specials about Jobs . This one is a different take and a very worthwhile and interesting one at that .
Compelling portrait of Apple genius has lots of swearing .
a sensational film
It 's all too neatly staged to make for dynamic cinema , even if the dialogue does crackle with a delicious nastiness .
Fassbender does n't really resemble Jobs -LRB- until the end , when the mock-turtlenecks and New Balance sneaks come out -RRB- , but he gives an enthralling performance as a man who truly changed the world .
Steve Jobs is a fascinating study of a man , explaining who he was but never making a judgment about who he is . The movie lets audiences compute that for themselves .
Kinetic & enigmatic - it 's extraordinary entertainment , eminently suitable for its iconic , yet inscrutable subject .
A whirlwind tour through the computer age with a flawed human at its center .
In many ways the film reflects its hero 's brilliance . It 's a scintillating construction , though one that sometimes feels like a product launch in its own right .
Fassbender delivers a mesmeric performance as Jobs ...
What 's most difficult about Sorkin 's intricate fantasy is not acknowledging Jobs ' darkness , but setting aside all hope of seeing the real man who inspired it .
Sorkin 's long-held faith in the abilities of great men to lead humanity forward is transmuted by his lack of affinity for technology into something with more perspective and plangency .
This is simultaneously Sorkin 's most satisfying movie script and Boyle 's most graceful work as a director .
The tension between Boyle 's restless energy and Sorkin 's tendency to run in place drives the movie .
Feels like a series of beautifully and meticulously crafted tiles in a half-finished mosaic ; you can admire the pieces but still come away feeling like you 've been deprived of the whole .
An ingenious structure and Aaron Sorkin 's typically sharp dialogue elevate this exploration of the Apple icon beyond the standard biopic .
Steve Jobs and all of the characters around him fail to come to life in any absorbing fashion . They 're not real people ; they 're all hashtags .
Boyle 's film is a short-sighted , albeit wonderfully acted and entertaining , look into the life of Steve Jobs that never quite captures a bigger-picture mentality .
Can you be a nice guy , and a great man ? Steve Jobs is the case in point , and `` Steve Jobs '' says no .
A smart , hugely entertaining film that all but bristles with crackling creative energy .
It 's fitting , I suppose , that a movie about the complicated man behind Apple be complicated as well and , in that sense , this adventurous Danny Boyle/Aaron Sorkin spin succeeds . But , is that dazzle enough ?
The energy is relentless and the actors all more than meet the challenge of not only keeping up with Sorkin 's trademark , rat-a-tat patter but also making it sing .
Written , directed and acted to perfection , and so fresh and startling in conception and execution that it leaves you awed . Fassbender rips through the role of the volcanic Jobs . Is he really that good ? Hell , yeah .
It is a formally audacious , intellectually energized entertainment , a powerful challenge to the lazy conventions of Hollywood storytelling and a feast for connoisseurs of contemporary screen acting .
Neither hagiography nor hatchet job , Steve Jobs is a dazzling artistic interpretation of one of the modern techno-giants and a terrific piece of filmmaking .
Though Michael Fassbender contributes an Oscar-worthy performance , the fragmentary nature of this biopic is distracting .
It 's a cliché to say that Apple changed the world , but how and why did that happen ? `` Steve Jobs '' is robust and entertaining , but the answer it provides is incomplete .
The trick to enjoying an Aaron Sorkin project is to never take it as seriously as he does . With the supremely entertaining `` Steve Jobs , '' the Oscar-winning writer presents us with a Charles Foster Kane-like figure and then goes on a hunt for Rosebuds .
Steve Jobs is an exciting piece of iconoclasm : a talky , charged thriller for the brain that offers an intimate interpretation of who Jobs really was , even as it shrewdly undercuts many of the high-tech-saviour claims that have been made for him .
Danny Boyle and Aaron Sorkin 's Steve Jobs is a fantastically entertaining cinema .
This self-proclaimed Apple hater was n't buying . But I admit the product still looks great .
Fassbender thrillingly commands Steve Jobs , a movie that takes care to entertain while also informing .
Steve Jobs mostly succeeds , crafting a human portrait of a tech leader who struggled behind the scenes to be greater than his failings .
Steve Jobs does n't reach the zeitgeisty highs of Sorkin 's other tech-minded film , but goodness is everyone on board and running smoothly .
As sharp and slick as Steve Jobs is , it ends up feeling more interested in entertainment than enlightenment .
From a performance standpoint , the film stands near the top of ensembles and individualized works seen in 2015 . Fassbender approaches Jobs with a familiarity . He finds sarcasm to be a second language , and repugnancy to be a way of life .
Like the man it profiles , Steve Jobs is easy to admire and difficult to love .
A mesmerizing and invigorating piece of filmmaking , with a high-wire Aaron Sorkin stamp all over it .
To paraphrase the old company slogan ... . Aaron Sorkin thinks different .
More a Rorschach test than a film telling us what to think .
Danny Boyle 's film ca n't help but land in the same hagiographizing place as nearly every single other Great Man biopic churned out by the studio powers that be .
A triumph in terms of Aaron Sorkin 's screenwriting , Boyle 's direction , the ensemble acting led by Michael Fassbender and Kate Winslet , and certainly set for awards attention ...
Steve Jobs is an arresting , razor-sharp piece of human drama that probes the slippery divide between persona and person .
The Steve Jobs film we want , and deserve .
I came away with the feeling that the filmmakers were practically implying that his early death at 56 was some kind of karmic payback .
This is a swift and searing attempt to pull back the curtain on Jobs and , in the process , investigate the relationship between the myth and the man .
There 's something both sterile and overwhelmingly magnificent about Steve Jobs at the same time .
A damn near perfect effort with words and performances that will reign come Oscar time .
It 's a high wire act that might leave some feeling left behind . Somehow , though , Boyle pulls it off not by backing off the speechifying but by leaning into it and allowing it to sing .
Racing in high gear from start to finish , Danny Boyle 's electric direction temperamentally complements Sorkin 's highly theatrical three-act study , which might one day be fascinating to experience in a staged setting .
features an Oscar-winning -LRB- in a year without a slavery or Holocaust picture , just mail it to him -RRB- performance by Michael Fassbender
An enthralling performance by Michael Fassbender fuels this brilliant , infuriating and richly unconventional take on the life of an American visionary .
There 's undeniable craftsmanship here , especially in Fassbender 's confident and transformative performance , but Sorkin 's script fails to shout and quip its way to anything approaching dramatic vibrancy .
`` Steve Jobs '' is a buzzingly entertaining movie about an obdurate radical with a broken operating system who still managed to transform the world around us , how we communicate , and the course of technological history .
Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin , who 's written about America 's Great Flawed Men with such fire and hyperarticulate pathos that he 's threatened to become one himself , outdoes his work on The Social Network with an even sharper and more savage script .
While you have to give Sorkin and Boyle credit for attempting an unconventional structure , it 's a choice that arguably only works thanks to the contributions of a stellar ensemble .
iNcredible
`` Birdman '' for the tech sector .

@highlight

Like the tech giant co-founded by its subject , Steve Jobs gathers brilliant people to deliver a product whose elegance belies the intricate complexities at its core .