The pitch to remake this was probably four words : Gulliver 's Travels Jack Black . No adjectives , no adverbs , and , most of all , no imagination . Fox took the bait , and this Christmas there 's something smelling rotten under the tree .
While the film retains the satire of the original story , it goes too far with the pop culture references .
The over the top performances of the well-spoken Lilliputians , and even that of Jack Black , go a long way towards helping make the movie better , but sadly , they just could n't save the material from itself .
Despite its broad strokes of goofball , sometimes gross-out comedy tailored to Black 's gonzo style , the movie does echo some of the classic novel 's farcical observances .
This version of ` Gulliver 's Travels ' is strictly for the little people .
It 's a product for undemanding children to consume , one they 'll forget pretty quickly after leaving the theater .
There are n't many reasons to see Gulliver 's Travels . In trying to fill several different identities , it fails at all of them .
Alternately yawningly obvious and under-sketched , the movie never settles on a consistent tone , or takes full comedic advantage of its big-man-in-a-small-land opportunity for steady physical comedy .
-LSB- A -RSB- dumb excuse for a movie .
A star-studded re-imagining of a classic piece of literature that shoots for the moon , aims for laughs and misses both targets by a country mile .
Jack Black used to be so cool .
Jack Black 's abridged version of Jonathan Swift 's famed epic fairs slightly better than other recent family adaptations . It 's silly and occasionally funny -- not bad for a movie starring a guy who saves an entire city with his urine .
Lilliputian in wit and Brobdingnagian in wretchedness ...
Black himself is the whole show here .
As disinterested in itself as Gulliver 's Travels seems to be , it 's a wonder it ever came into existence at all .
This Jack Black attack is just right for Gulliver 's Travels , a kiddie flick with no discernible aspirations .
... a quick , undemanding piece of subliterate junk .
Someplace , somewhere , Jonathan Swift is hanging his head in shame .
A holiday turkey .
While nobody would seriously expect Hollywood to honour Jonathan Swift 's satirical fantasy , we might at least have hoped for a few decent gags .
Defangs one of English literature 's most iconic works of satire and replaces its wit with Star Wars jokes .
Jack Black 's crude , unsophisticated comedy has never much appealed to this reviewer - a scene in which the giant urinates all over comedic great Billy Connolly says it all .
If it sounds like a bad idea , you do n't know the half of it .
Jack Black 's amazing comic energy , as seen in films like ` School of Rock ' and ` Nacho Libre , ' seems a bit muted in ` Gulliver 's Travels . ' I expected more from him here .
Do n't bother travelling to your cinema to see it .
Jonathan Swift 's witty 18th-century satire becomes a witless 21st-century star vehicle for Jack Black and his by-now stale shtick .
Rob Letterman -LSB- has -RSB- taken Swift 's satire on the inanities of his own age and turned the story into a celebration of the most imbecilic aspects of contemporary junk culture .
The kids will be momentarily distracted by the cheap laughs to not notice the sub-par special effects , drab plotting and tiresomeness of Black 's man-child antics .
Jack Black 's adult fans , and all kids , will love this movie for the good-natured fun of it all
Jonathan Swift 's scathing satire has been updated into a silly , slapstick , contemporary parody aimed at tiny tots .
If you 've been possessed of a burning desire to behold Jack Black 's belly flab in 3D , then I am delighted to announce that your moment has arrived .
There is laziness at every turn -- in the writing , in the acting , in the filmmaking . Do n't reward these yahoos .
From the insipid script to Black 's inability to convey a character with whom even the least grinchy among us might sympathize , it 's just one wrong move after another .
A quick , fun , family-friendly fantasy adventure spiced by some nifty visual effects .
Truly dire ...
Unfunny , unconvincing , too much jiggling , not enough story .
Hardly classic comedy but snickering teens and small people may be charmed .
Rubbish-looking CG effects fail to enliven proceedings , though the comedy bar-lowering sight of Gulliver relieving himself to extinguish a fire at least works as a potent symbol of the film 's attitude to classic literature .
A big idea reaps small dividends in a comedy fantasy that 's only likely to score laughs from the tiniest audience members .
I will tell you there 's a cast credit for a character described only as `` Butt-crack man . '' Consider yourself warned .
The film stumbles along a predictable path , and there is an audible wince when Gulliver says , `` These little people have grown large in my heart . ''
Amusing adventure for fans of Jack Black and silly jokes .
Why does Hollywood insist upon `` reinventing '' classic literature when faithful adaptations would be far more interesting ?
It 's numbing to watch the moderate imagination that comes with placing a big man among a shrunken society fade away in favor of gross-out gags , pop-culture references and a sing-along finale more groan-inducing than most .
Denuded of Swift 's deadly satire , it has become a dull vehicle for Jack Black to mug and frolic and generally find a million ways to not be entertaining
Leave . Seriously ! Save yourself and your children from the abomination that is this new , modern-day retelling of Jonathan Swift 's scathing and enduring 1726 masterpiece .
Like its protagonist , Gulliver 's Travels is big , dumb , and slow-moving , a lumbering oaf of a movie that just barely makes it to feature-length via a groaningly unnecessary production number set to Edwin Starr 's `` War . ''
Gulliver 's Travels is a big mess with little lasting appeal .
Yes , it 's undeniably a commercial product of a studio system devoid of inspiration . But as a Jack Black vehicle and a product designed to entertain families , it succeeds . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
The basic problem with the picture is n't that it 's crude or offensive ; it 's merely flaccid and bland .
The flaccid torpor of the script shows utter contempt for its audience in every line .
Not only is the film nearly laugh-free , but completely irresponsible as well . The ethical core of the feature is smaller than the Lilliputians...tilt-shift eye-candy , but a feature film that 's wholly depressing to sit through .
Surprisingly not all that painful , but do n't fall for the 3D scam .
Some films are phoned in . The staggeringly awful `` Gulliver 's Travels '' was texted .
`` Gulliver 's Travels '' is one of those movies that falls between complete disaster and loads of fun . Mild amusement is probably about right .
It all feels so lazy and familiar that adults may find themselves hoping Black will start to challenge himself again -- and the more swiftly the better .
What were they thinking ? What were they smoking ? What were they singing on the way to the bank ?
For a novel written nearly 300 years ago by a dour Irish cleric with a mad-on about the material world and a satiric mindset dark enough to flirt with misanthropy , it 's amazing how well Gulliver 's Travels travels .
Gulliver 's Travels strips the source material down to its recognizable parts and then builds something completely new out of them . Unfortunately , the result is entirely Lilliputian in ambition , even for a children 's movie .
Somewhere by the middle , the souffle collapses , and the movie becomes sleep-inducing . Gulliver does n't have much to do in Lilliput , and we notice that before he does .
Black was already the world 's biggest little kid , and he might be the only actor who could have made this movie such nimble fun . No matter how thin the concept , Black always manages to make it his own .
I mean - really - do you have a burning desire to see Jack Black 's buttocks ? Blown up , in the land of Lilliput , to 12 times their normal size ? I did n't think so .
A feeble rip-off of Jonathan Swift 's 18th-century satire , reduced to a succession of lame jokes and a drearily unfunny star vehicle for Jack Black . Dumbing down does n't come more dispiriting than this .
Like a health warning on a packet of cigarettes , the words Jack Black on a movie poster have become synonymous with life-threatening unfunniness .
Funny films are short on the ground and this one - which has already been dubbed a flop by US critics - deserves to be bigged up .
Black can barely keep a straight face as he gambols from one digital effects sequence to the next .
Really , this could have done with some bigger laughs .
Emasculated Swift but entertaining enough for kids .
As so often , this diluted Gulliver 's Travels is presented as if it were a children 's story , clearly influenced by similarly defanged versions of Alice In Wonderland .
It 's not just weary parents who will get fed up with this one ; kids will probably realize they 've been duped too .
Even with Black 's charisma , and a talented support cast , this is dull stuff .
A murderously unfunny rethink of the groundbreaking literary satire .
A migraine inducement that you 'd think Jack Black had gotten out of his system years ago .
This is why the School of Rock does n't offer English class .
Drugs ? Alcohol ? A cruel hypnotist ? What can explain why studio executives green-lit this bizarre misfire ?
Mike Judge 's scathing Idiocracy , set in a `` dumbed-down '' future America , was far closer to Swift in spirit .
One giant mess .
Black had to perform many scenes in front of a green screen and it shows : he squints , stares and rolls his eyes , as if unsure of where his fellow actors are meant to be .
The chief sin committed by Gulliver 's Travels is not that it 's a poor adaptation but that its entertainment value is almost nonexistent .
I was but seldom inspired to peals of true laughter , though I did relish that part when Mr. Black , confronting a fire raging in the Palace of Lilliput , douses the blaze through heroic use of such means as Nature has provided him .
Kids might enjoy some of Black 's wacky antics , but adults will tire of them fast .
-LSB- Black -RSB- does n't have much going for him besides pop-culture references and his own looming girth . .
This is live action , and despite the 3-D , it 's sorta old-fashioned , not that that 's a bad thing .
A movie that ought to entice people to want to travel with Gulliver instead inveigles them to run from him .
Even at 83 minutes -LRB- plus a three minute cartoon -RRB- it 's a drag , another 3D movie for kids in which the 3D adds nothing , merely subtracting from parents ' wallets .
Black , looking like an unwashed clothes pile and capering in familiar `` Uncle Jack '' style , is a good babysitter .
The verdict on Jack Black 's mock-rock take on Gulliver 's Travels ? Not too Swift .
The movie was needlessly converted to 3-D . The images are not blurry and distracting as some 3-D conversions have been , but neither are they terribly impressive , adding nothing but a few extra dollars to the price of a ticket .
The cast is enjoyable , with Jason Segel -LRB- as Gulliver 's lil ' pal , Horatio -RRB- and Emily Blunt -LRB- the local princess -RRB- a witty cut above for this sort of thing .
Lilliputian light and unconcerned about it , Gulliver 's Travels clears enough antic elbow room for its liberal adaptation of Jonathan Swift 's classic novel to do its thing without too much offense and then pretty much disappears .
Yes , a giant robot . In Gulliver 's Travels . Because - like the carriage chase that Robert Zemeckis plopped into last year 's A Christmas Carol - these centuries-old classic tales cry out for loud and obnoxious 21st century special effects .
It 's all silly , predictable fun , with director Rob Letterman delivering a smattering of well-executed sight gags .
Jonathan Swift 's 1726 novel is given the Jack Black treatment in this lively , colourful romp , which is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is .
Crass and careless , irresponsible and inappropriate , Gulliver 's Travels also features the worst on-screen death of the year .
Any of the social commentary in Swift 's original version is completely lost , replaced not by more up-to-date satire but by lazy pop-culture references and tired antics .
Arch irony , whimsical inventiveness and antic charm .
Ultimately scuppered by some unbelievably crass product placement and a shockingly bad finale .
Gulliver 's Travels is just plain embarrassing in how ill-conceived it is , bad enough that it could easily signal the death of Black 's career as a live action comedy star .
A classic ready-made for the era of big-budget 3D spectacle gets the least classy treatment imaginable .
An effects-driven children 's movie enlivened by Jack Black but deadened by over reliance on those effects .
I saw the picture with plenty of kids in the audience and even they seemed bored by the end .
Marketed as a hip , modern adaptation of a classic , the movie feels more like a Christmastime TV special projected in 3D .
The simple fact is that Jack Black 's back doing what he does best - making fart and pee jokes , rocking out in over-the-top shoehorned fashion , and poking fun at his own tubbiness .
This travesty is so pitiful , it is n't even worth being indignant .
Even past youth-friendly adaptations kept enough of the book 's bite that you could recognize the Swiftian satire . This update is merely a swift kick to the nuts .
A movie of such stupendous uninspiration that , watching it , I did n't know whether to be affronted or hornswoggled . Movies this monumentally dreadful , after all , do n't come along every day .
a likable , if ultimately limited bit of family film fun .
... the traditional problem of big-budget family entertainment arises , where the grown-up jokes are too grown-up for the younger kids in the audience and the jokes for kids are too insipid and simplistic to appeal to grown-ups .
A low-grade comedy that 'll have Jonathan Swift turning in his grave .
Mostly it veers between the very mildly chucklesome and plain not funny .
Like Black , the story sags in the middle . Still , he 's an irresistible force of nature .
Yeah . I know what you 're thinking . If I were you , I would n't believe this review either .
Family-friendly and entertaining , Gulliver 's Travels is lightly amusing but do n't expect a mind-blowing affair .
The classic adventure story Gulliver 's Travels is given the Jack Black treatment with unexpectedly entertaining results .
Not only tolerable , but actually - * gasp * - enjoyable . -LSB- ... -RSB- The 3D is better employed here than it was in Tron : Legacy .
The material is too flimsy to hold water for 90-odd minutes .




@highlight

Though Jack Black is back doing what he does best , Gulliver 's Travels largely fails to do any justice to its source material , relying instead on juvenile humor and special effects .