The Hoax is the real thing . It 's a breezy , engaging caper . It 's like a heist film of the 1970s , but the pilferers are literary men not bank robbers .
Que Irving queira se sentir importante , é compreensível ; que sua suposta cinebiografia compartilhe da fraude , nem tanto .
An amazing story filled with twists , turns , intrigue , betrayals , hallucinations and close calls .
Despite good energy and a source with ample potential , the film is held back by trite ideas .
It 's hard to get a fix on what Hallstrom had in mind .
Despite making Clifford Irving into a grubby suburbanite rather than the mischievous Abby Hoffman figure he really was , the film is generally entertaining a good introduction to the greatest literary hoax of all time .
... breezy , light-hearted ...
Very enjoyable .
At times the film becomes more about Richard Gere and his Oscar grab than about the story ... But the bait-and-switch moments as Irving plays the media are the highlights .
Amoral con artist 's true tale will pull adults in .
A thoroughly enjoyable ride .
Amazing though the story is , it would be nothing without Gere 's slippery , insinuating -- if not precisely likable -- performance as Irving .
Both an enjoyable call-back to the early '70s and a well-acted film that gives Richard Gere a chance to fully exhibit his acting skills .
The film is an exciting tale of deception and fast-paced thinking , the perfect therapy for all the growing core of cynics who are at a breaking point where maybe they do n't feel they can even trust `` Extreme Makeover : Home Edition '' .
The publishers believed him because the idea was so implausible . It had to be the truth .
Highly entertaining .
I 've never been a fan of Richard Gere , but he gives the performance of his career as Clifford Irving .
As superbly played by Gere , Irving is a weak , desperate man , a cheesy charmer in search of his share of the American dream with a psychopathic disregard for the consequences of his actions .
A grown-up , conceptually ambitious movie .
Enjoyably tall tale with Gere terrific as the outrageous hoaxer .
Looks good without ever really catching fire .
An amusingly tense saga of literary con-artistry .
A fun and zesty frolic .
An elegant , entertaining parable of the emperor 's new clothes .
Like Irving 's book , it does n't hold up .
Meticulously evoked atmosphere adds to the experience .
A two-dimensional landscape .
Gere 's best film in years .
Richard Gere is repellently smug .
A true story about a fake biography , Lasse Hallström 's film is a spry escapade .
Ultimately , these smart , zeitgeisty riffs are just as implausible as the idea of an authorised Howard Hughes autobiography .
Gere proves that there 's more to his range than ageing romantic leads in a multi-layered tale of public fraud and self-deception .
An enjoyable drama with a sharp script and strong performances .
A tremendous shaggy dog story that bounds capably between comedy and tragedy .
Some performances are so good , you forget they 're faking it . Case in point : Richard Gere 's electrifying , career-best turn in The Hoax as famed huckster Clifford Irving .
With a playful mixture of facts and implications , this gripping and extremely well-made film traces a true story with energy and wit .
Gere defies expectations as Irving , completely becoming the 1970s-era New York Jewish dude , bad hair and all .
THE HOAX is an enjoyable romp that features one of Richard Gere 's best screen performances . Not everything on screen may be true -- but then look at the title . Maybe this is really a case of truth in advertising .
The film seemed pedestrian , flat , diffuse and , if I may say , as phony as most Hollywood mainstream films .
... a serious and amusing black farce that does without obvious heroes or villains ...
Like the film itself , Gere gives a performance that is meticulous and impressive but not magnetic .
a film about a fraudulent autobiography should have been either rigorously adamant about sticking to provable facts or more self-conscious in its manipulation of them
Once the filmmakers get drunk on their own power as mouthpieces for their own reductive politicking , everything begins to fall apart .
Gere persuasively portrays a guy whose confidence blossoms as he makes the discovery that as his lies grow so does the ease with which he tells them .
A careful study of guilt .
Beneath the suspenseful pleasures of seeing Irving evade one trap after another , the film has a deeply cynical view of even the most righteous person 's capacity for self-delusion and corruption .
Hallström stops well short of cheesy , however , and he never veers from the movie 's central fascination : the author 's obsessive melding with his subject .
a full-scale caper film -- complete with Swiss bank accounts , fake passports and genuine power trips ... Everyone in the cast gets an opportunity to make an impression ...
Stretches credibility for the benefit of its premise but never bends so far as to break the whole ride .
`` The Hoax '' wo n't con you out of your hard-earned money . It offers suspense , humor , memorable characters and a sometimes-fictionalized perspective on a real-life situation .
A splendidly satisfying film , funny and pointed , and with a lot more truth in its fantastications of a true story than one might at first believe .
Full speed ahead fun , a rollicking caper romp that hearkens back to a quainter , pre-Ken Lay age when bigtime fraud could actually entail writing books as opposed to merely cooking them .
Halstrum brings a light touch to the film which makes the proceedings a lot more fun then it might otherwise be .
Richard Gere has a field day , giving the performance of his career ...
William Wheeler 's screenplay proves an ideal source for Hallstrom -LRB- `` The Shipping News '' -RRB- to break the mold of recent clinkers , and create a thoroughly enjoyable movie that is equal parts biography , cautionary tale , farce and satire .
If the world is shaped by invisible armies working at the behest of the powerful , is paranoia the only rational course ?
Richard Gere is superb as Irving , capturing the brio and smooth charm but also the barely subliminal anger , neediness , and desperation .
A gripping little film that is well told and well performed .
The Hoax is n't Gere 's best movie -LRB- that honor will always and forever belong to Days of Heaven -RRB- , but it might feature his best performance .
Drunken liars are a dime a dirty dozen . But find one with a little discipline and you 've got a focused , freewheeling megalomaniac on your hands , and maybe a fake so seemingly authentic that even discerning Hooters patrons could n't tell .
Lasse Hallström 's amusing film creates neither heroes nor villains
The conspiracy theory involving Hughes and then U.S. President Richard Nixon threw me -- it lacked development as part of the storyline , which I found unnecessary .
Richard Gere puts on a dazzling exhibition of how a successful con man must have ice water in his veins .
At least half of The Hoax is a giddy pleasure .
It 's a terrific film .
Enjoy The Hoax for what is worth -- an entertaining ride through the past .
Disguised behind a fake nose and a wig of wavy brown hair , Gere makes Irving and all his machinations strangely charismatic , sympathetic and even , in his way , heroic . It 's quite a feat , and one of the best things this underrated star has ever pulled off .
The tagline , `` Never let the truth get in the way of a good story , '' leaves viewers with a nagging suspicion that it may have also been an unintended mission statement .
It 's impossible to see this as Clifford Irving . It 's Richard Gere ... It 's fine when you 're doing a Richard Gere movie but you ca n't be Richard Gere in a true story because Richard Gere doesn '
-LSB- Clifford -RSB- Irving 's wry `` it 's always the details that undo us '' attitude at the end makes The Hoax more mirthful than menacing ...
The dance between Clifford and Dick , and the actors who play them , is a fascinating ballroom tango that dazzles , charms and captivates us .
Desperate times call for desperate measures , and Hallström and Wheeler have a great time setting up and embroidering Irving 's increasingly elaborate scheme .
The Hoax is wonderfully directed by Lasse Hallström , who was lucky enough to get Hope Davis , Eli Wallach , Stanley Tucci and Julie Delpy for smaller roles .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating , if fictionalized , real-life tale , which plays out alternately as a drama , a comedy and a thriller -- and which works as all three .
What The Hoax really needs is a storyteller of Irving 's imagination and skill to create a lie worth telling and believing .
The Hoax does n't tell its stories as well as Irving does , but it 's an enjoyable immersion into a master storyteller 's frantically made-up world .
Richard Gere is the ideal actor for the role .
Even Machiavelli would have raised an eyebrow at some of the double-crossings and dealings in The Hoax .
Gere seems as born again as he did during the musical numbers in Chicago .
It 's an accomplished potboiler entertainment , as calculated and clever as the stories Irving spins to stay afloat in the growing sea of his own lies .
Consider it the ultimate bit of bad luck -- or an apt irony -- that Gere 's comeback is stolen by the consistently excellent Alfred Molina .
if the story of Clifford Irving 's phony autobiography of Howard Hughes is such a good one , why was it mutated with silly fictional flourishes ?
Even as The Hoax works to wring emotional consequence from its many layers of lies , you 're hard-pressed to believe it .
Until it comes completely off the rails in a needlessly disappointing last act , The Hoax is a marvelously entertaining and funny film .
A pleasant spring surprise .
Sharp , smart , sophisticated and witty . Trust us . This is no fake praise ! ''
Fans of the riveting 2003 film Shattered Glass now have a powerful bookend to emphasize the dangers of escalating deception .
The idea of what is and is n't plausible gets a lot of chiding play in The Hoax , and it 's one that could have used more consideration in the formulation of its swell-talking centerpiece .
What begins as almost a ` Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ' - style buddy pic sadly devolves into the same old-same old about the dark designs of the men behind the curtain .
The Hoax never makes up its mind what it 's trying to say , leaving Gere 's fast-talking charisma with nowhere to go .
What should we expect ... other than being taken for a ride ? Just as Irving does , Hallstrom picks out a sexy convertible for the job .
Fast paced , intriguing and fun from beginning to end with a super cast and nary a lack-luster performance -- the years best scam flick so far .
The literary and journalistic frauds of the present era are small potatoes compared to the work of Clifford Irving , the subject of The Hoax .
A jazzy , whip-smart , and mischievous account of the one of the great literary cons of the twentieth century .
The core brilliance of the performance lies in Gere 's refusal to write Irving off as a mere sociopath .
Gere , who is always sharpest when he 's playing double-edged personalities , is fun to watch , and Hallström conveys a bit of the circuslike atmosphere of the times .
Strikes the right balance between humor and introspection .
Somehow Irving 's crafty evasiveness sparked something in Hallstrom ; it 's his best movie in two decades .
This is some of the best work of Richard Gere 's career as he blends the breezy charm with a more self-effacing ooze that makes Irving the weaker man that he is .
a very good caper movie lead by an actor taking sheer glee in the game .
As playful and buoyant a film as Lasse Hallstrom has ever made .
Deeply problematic in large part because of Hallstr % uFFFDm 's monomaniacal determination to turn Clifford Irving 's story into a lively romp .
The Hoax pulls a good con , and we play along , delightedly .
Hallstrom , never a show-offy director , keeps the action buzzing along to a very satisfying conclusion .
Regardless of pacing hiccups , Hallstrom 's filmmaking lays the viewer in Irving 's impulsively spun web of troubles while having fun dreaming up ways to depict these ballsy bits of dishonesty .
Relax and take in ` The Hoax ' as a sometimes humorous , buddies-on-the-scam adventure , preposterous but somewhat true .
The Hoax might be intended as a cautionary tale , but in today 's cynical climate , it stands a better chance of emerging as an inspirational training film .
Magnificently constructed and manipulated by Hallström , it presents a Gere that we have n't seen in a long time , if at all .
Director Lasse Hallström , delivering his best all-around work since 1999 's The Cider House Rules , manages to sustain a nimble pace despite a crushing amount of narrative detail .
An amusing bounce through an unhappy period in American history , recalling the attitudes , fashions , politics and paranoias of the day .
Twisty , quite fun and generally bereft of sentimentality . It is , in short , just about the last movie you 'd expect Lasse Hallström to make .
We never establish an emotional connection with Irving . Even though we 're caught up in his derring-do as he beguiles entire meeting rooms of jaded publishers and editors , we 're kept at a dissatisfying distance from Irving and the movie .
The filmmakers catch the right glittery look and paranoid intensity , and they make gutsy speculations about the story beneath the story .
The Hoax never wanders too far from its pitiful but somehow joyously deceitful center , and Gere captures the sheer electricity of a man who , even for only a few moments , seems to have made reality play by his rules .
-LSB- Gere -RSB- has the right kind of shifty energy and superficial charisma . -LSB- Alfred -RSB- Molina , always a treasure , is especially funny as the naive , egotistical fact-cruncher .
Richard Gere is less charismatic than Irving and Alfred Molina turns Irving 's assistant into a buffoon , but the secondary cast is fun to watch .
Lasse Hallström is n't the first filmmaker I 'd think of to exhibit such adult zing , but this is the best thing the director has done since What 's Eating Gilbert Grape .
I kept hankering for the antic joie de vivre of Catch Me if You Can , which wholly gave itself over to what we love about the con men who dare to slough off the daily grind and do it their way . They have style to burn , and they do n't give a damn .
An entertaining blend of drama and comedy , and a powerhouse performance by Richard Gere as a man running a mile a minute on charm and hokum .
Explores the irresistible thrill that liars enjoy when they adjust reality to their liking -- the truth is a puppet , and they hold the strings .
A fast-moving and highly dramatic depiction of Clifford Irving 's media hoax of 1971 as a sign of the moral rot at the heart of American culture .
A stranger-than-fiction story about one of the biggest scams in publishing history , Lasse Hallstrom 's `` The Hoax '' intelligently sheds the complex psychological layers of a chronic liar through a sharp and entertaining script .
The Hoax pulls off the delicate trick of dutifully damning its protagonist 's conduct .
This lie-streaked retelling of a fraud aims not for the meta , but for history-repeating object lesson , explicitly drawing parallels between Irving and Nixon 's cons and our current hoax-based regime . But it all rings hollow .
... a fascinating look at a doomed fraud .
Richard Gere takes on the seemingly unpleasant task of playing this exceedingly unlikeable egghead trickster .
Richard Gere , nearly unrecognizable with blackened hair and a fake nose , gives one of his very best performances as Clifford Irving .
The film is a timely reminder that even the savviest and most skeptical audience can get snookered by the natural desire for a great story .
By all means enjoy The Hoax -- it 's smart fun . Just do n't buy it .
Gere plays Irving as if he 's some sort of hero , and indeed his exploits are easier to cheer for than Tobey Maguire 's mopey Spider-Man .
A provocative and blackly comic portrait of a con artist who is ultimately a pawn in a much larger and more intricate conspiracy than even he can fabricate .
As a movie , The Hoax is n't a fraud but it 's not the real deal , either .
So sure is Hallström 's pacing that you barely notice the withering moral of the tale : when the money is big enough , everyone is a mug .
It 's bracing to see a grand con-man comedy like The Hoax , in which our moral universe is affirmed , and yet the fabled trickster Clifford Irving -- who wrote a fraudulent autobiography of Howard Hughes -- is so darn likable .
Itself a cinematic sleight of hand ... but it pulls off the trick with surprising deftness and amusement .
The Hoax is never quite what you think it will be , and it delves surprisingly deep for something of this silly nature .
This intriguing , character-driven drama , directed by three-time , Oscar-nominee Lasse Hallstrom , is worthwhile for its capably-executed , beguiling plot alone .
Chronicle of a 1970 's deception yet relevant because it cleverly parallels contemporary media scams and governmental cover-ups .
It 's been said that acting is simply a form of lying . If that 's true , then actor Richard Gere has pulled off one hell of an Escher move in The Hoax , a biopic in which he plays shameless liar Clifford Irving .
Pacey and entertaining , it 's anchored by a zesty turn from Richard Gere , and it deftly evokes , through music and news clips , the early '70s of Nixon and anti-war protests .
Ultimately , The Hoax seems designed to appeal to the larcenous impulse in all of us .
Who 'd have thought a movie about a fake biography would be dealt with as though it were a thriller ?
Clifford Irving is a villain . Richard Gere makes him charming , but flawed .
A tale that outlines Clifford Irving 's place in history : con artist extraordinaire whose genius shook up the world with a feat of deception and literary exploitation .
Inspired by true events in the life of Clifford Irving , the writer who nearly pulled off one of the most audacious media scams in history , Lasse Hallstrom 's version of the proceedings gives Richard Gere one of his best roles in years .
More successful as a breezy tale of Clifford Irving , the maniacal liar who faked a bio of Howard Hughes , than as a portrait of the Nixon era ; effort to intertwine the personal with the collective level does n't work
Jaunty , likable and surprisingly relevant tale of one of the better scandals of the '70s .
A surprisingly layered vehicle for a maniacally conniving Richard Gere , backed up by a superb Alfred Molina as his accomplice .




@highlight

The Hoax is an enormously appealing film , thanks to the uniformly excellent performances and Lasse Hallström 's zippy direction .