Easily one of the best films in the `` giant things destroying stuff '' genre -LRB- definitely the best of its namesake -RRB- in the past 15 years .
The whole thing is worth it for the kaiju - it really , really is .
It 's a good Godzilla movie ... but not a perfect Godzilla movie . It held back a little bit by adding more of the human story , and not showing Godzilla as much .
Edwards has clearly spent a lot of time trying to make Godzilla spectacular , showing him glide beneath the waves , and restoring his original power a blast of bright blue radiation . He really is Hiroshima made flesh .
The plot is a mess , it drags a bit and the creature does n't always stay the same size from scene to scene . But Godzilla is a fun movie with a lot of personality , and in this case , personality goes a long way .
This is a fantastic homage to monster movies of yore and is bound to go down as a modern classic . Go Godzilla !
Godzilla is an enjoyable kaiju flick that neatly disposes of the bad memory of that awful 1998 version that we all pretend did n't happen anyway .
Thin characters aside , this is a terribly fun , engaging popcorn flick when focused on the creatures themselves .
There are a few moments that almost redeem this monstrosity into an entertaining movie . They do not a good movie make , however , but they 're all you 're going to get , so suck on that , along with your $ 20 popcorn .
The latest Godzilla film is truly one for the fans - especially Showa fans . . There 's a childlike sense of splendor to it , and is a great homage to all the prior `` versus '' films .
... with a cast and crew as strong as this , Godzilla should have been more than a disposable Hollywood blockbuster .
This Godzilla manages to rise above its human flaws , and become the massive modern monster movie it needs to be .
Every time Edwards ' Godzilla rears up , you stiffen with excitement . Every time he roars , Edwards wants you to feel it and wince .
Big lizard , big budget , big fun .
` Godzilla ' does n't feel cynical ; there 's a sense of joy to the picture , of honest-to-God fun , which separates it from many of its summer movie brethren .
Olive Oyl once sang a love song about Bluto . The refrain was , ` He 's ... laaaarge . ' And there you have Godzilla in a nutshell . He 's large , and the movie 's largely a crashing bore .
In a studio system that so heavily relies on playing all their cards at once , Edwards ' restraint is half the fun -- the other half being the fully-satisfying climax .
`` Godzilla '' circa 2014 towers over the majority of its monster movie brethren .
This monster movie is more vanilla than wasabi .
While I do n't necessarily think it revolutionizes the idea of the summer blockbuster , on a technical level , Edwards has created something of a visual masterpiece with Godzilla & it 's an absolutely a worthy new chapter for `` The King of the Monsters . ''
A certain nihilism darkens this Godzilla and puts it within atomic-breath distance of the original Gojira .
Gareth Edwards ' take on the classic monster franchise has much of what a great blockbuster should , and I wonder if it wo n't be a Jurassic Park for millennial teenagers .
This is n't a thinking man 's Godzilla , exactly , but it 's certainly clever where it counts .
For those with a high tolerance for action-movie bingo and CGI carnage , Godzilla 's reverence for the King of the Monsters oozes from every track mark , snapping cable and thundering footstep .
The script suffers from a lack of pathos and is littered with cookie-cutter characters played by terrific actors who collectively have nothing to do but spew expository dialogue , breathe heavy and look befuddled .
We guess if you 're up for a big , state-of-the-art , kick-ass 3-D giant monster movie , Godzilla gets the job done .
This version of the monster is legendary . On a scale of one to 10 , give this Godzilla a solid 9 .
A huge contender for film of the year - certainly it is one of the must-sees of 2014 ...
Edwards ' reboot excels on so many levels , it 's easy to forget that Godzilla originally served as a cautionary tale about nuclear testing and man 's hubris in the golden age of science .
There 's something rather heartening about the fact that Warner Brothers was prepared to hand over the reins of a stonking great blockbuster -LRB- and , lets face it , a potential money-spinning franchise -RRB- to a sophomore director .
A bit of a mess .
The sheer size of the creatures is part of their pleasure , and 3D CGI technology seems born to tell these kinds of stories ; it has finally caught up with our dreams .
Giant , radioactive lizards deserve better .
Edwards exercises a sure hand marshalling the special effects needed to make Gojira 's brawls realistic . He also pivots smoothly from the skyscraper-size action to the human drama at the monsters ' feet .
A blockbuster that makes up for in mood and spectacle what it lacks in dramatic bite .
Even as the story of Godzilla is familiar , director Gareth Edwards ' version is scaled to the present moment .
Holy crap : Godzilla .
Anyone who has loved or admired Godzilla in any of his many guises are going to get a major rush from how the majestic mega-lizard handles the mayhem depicted here .
The grandest illusion of the year . There 's something gleefully mad about reintroducing Godzilla in a big spectacle , but keeping her on the sidelines while other monsters wreak havoc .
It might just drop your jaw once or twice , but to really establish the giant lizard as the star of a new franchise , this needed to be a more memorable outing .
Gareth Edwards ' take on the king of the monsters is often entertaining , mature , and bold .
This new Godzilla -LSB- ... -RSB- walks a fine line , and that it never loses balance is something of a miracle .
This reboot , for some un-godzilla-y reason , does n't want to admit it 's a creature-feature B-movie . Serious actors seriously try to make their running-down-a-corridor or obsession-with-a-contaminated-site or stares-at-a-monster very dramatic and believable
Cranston is our true hero , Godzilla our anti-hero , and they get the bum 's rush in favor of flat depictions of other characters and creatures we 've seen so many times before ...
It has wonderful visuals and some terrific beats , yet has little-to-no story with woefully thin and passive characters .
A foreboding aura manifests itself , and what Gareth Edwards and cinematographer Seamus McGarvey do throughout all of the giant monster scenes is keep them in perspective , framing every shot of the monster with scale in mind .
Rekindles a love for the great summer blockbuster and the monsters of our treasured nightmares .
What is the line ? ` It 's not the Godzilla film you want , but it 's the Godzilla film you need ? ' But it 's neither .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's a sometimes doggedly to-the-point quality to the film that you ca n't help admiring in contrast to the breathlessness of so much CGI cinema .
While there 's not much genuine tension along the way , the film manages a few clever twists within its mainstream framework that allow it to escape some of the pointless pitfalls of many other remakes .
Exhibiting such creative styles of directing , Edwards hones in on all of Godzilla 's personality traits that have made him such an icon to the cinematic universe .
... 60 years after he first appeared onscreen , Hollywood finally has done `` Godzilla '' right .
More disaster movie than monster movie , `` Godzilla '' is a thrilling film with a faint examination of imperialistic hubris .
An air of unfamiliarity , strangeness , and gloom hangs over this sci-fi blockbuster .
It cracks me up to hear people complaining about the dramatic depth of the human characters . THIS IS A GODZILLA MOVIE ... AND IT RULES !!!
I swear that same sense of dread that overwhelmed me watching all those cheesy if menacing `` monster movies '' of the '50s and '60s came back once more , only now accompanied by a recognizable cast and superior special effects .
A proper-sized blockbuster , where the humans are wholly incidental .
Sure , there 's something to be said for teasing an audience ... ratcheting up anticipation of what 's eventually to come . But at some juncture - much earlier than director Gareth Edwards intends - Godzilla needs to stop being an extra in his own movie .
Godzilla returns in an installment that 's certainly better than Roland Emmerich 's disastrous 1998 effort ...
A lot of descriptive words can be used to critique the new Godzilla , but the last one I ever expected to use was ` dull . '
It 's a running theme , looking awesome over what-the-hell-were-the-writers-thinking ... this is the creature comfort you 've been looking for .
After a protracted and largely disconnected first act , the movie catches fire and hardly lets up . The special effects are stunning .
Nothing can top the original . This one is geared to the teenaged audience brought up on video games . Instead of a meditation on nuclear perils , it is `` Transformers '' type junk .
Some directors do comedy , some drama , some romance . Better than anyone else , Edwards does pandemonium .
Godzilla has always been a slice of B-movie hokum , and it still is . This time , it 's quality hokum worthy of our inner nine-year-olds .
A prehistoric creature that still has the atomic oomph to strut out of the ocean depths , make a 400-foot-tall , megaton statement , and set the world straight -- well , there 's only one that comes to mind .
The stunning CG creatures are far more entertaining than the humans they play second fiddle to .
A showcase for the beasts .
Edwards takes care to include people in the frame , often for size reference , and stages excellent moments of awe-inspiring peril in which tiny figures are dwarfed by monsters and general devastation .
This is a script whose drama is better than Toho 's usual fare , but audiences may find the new film is dark and drab and slow a t getting to the fun .
If devastation porn is your cup of tea , this is the picture for you . That 's all it has to offer-just monster-on-monster , building-bashing action like you have n't seen since maybe last week .
If you ... will consider going to a Godzilla movie , this one is worth your while . Edwards borrows the Spielbergian style in every way - from camera moves to use of music to the gradual rolling out of the big effects - and it 's the right choice .
Stunning , reverential and awe-inspiring in the best way , Godzilla hammers home the insignificance of individuals in the face of such forces .
It 's the rare brand name cash-in that manages to feel like artists actually cared .
Warner Brothers and Director Gareth Edwards deserves a golf clap . They have taken a franchise that has been laughable for decades and made it into something audiences will flock to see .
I 'd never seen a good movie with the word `` Godzilla '' in the title . Now , I have seen a good one .
Hey , why did n't they make monster movies like this when I was a kid ?
As a film , Godzilla is big and unruly , but it 's also a noble attempt to do something interesting ...
Even if this Godzilla does n't work on every level , it at least suggests that these filmmakers and this new series are well on their way to getting it completely right .
My advice would be to seek out the biggest , loudest Imax auditorium available and allow the movie to roar majestically right in your face , peeling away any niggling uncertainties with the icy fire of its thunderous breath .
Disappointingly dull .
Weirdly relevant , sporadically jaw-dropping , and lets us care about its characters , including the big building-smasher himself .
For a blockbuster about gigantic radioactive monsters , this is a remarkably humane movie .
This is what you get , San Francisco , with all your douchey , flashy , dot-com money : You get stomped on by Godzilla .
A Godzilla flick that understands the appeal of the character .
Dull and wanting with a misdirected focus on cliché human drama instead of kaiju stomping . Those unfamiliar with Godzilla might enjoy , but it 's not what it should have been . After 60 years in showbiz , does n't the King of the Monsters deserve more ?
Once you realise that the human characters are n't the focus of the film , you can sit back and admire everything else .
It proudly occupies its space as one of the better-not-best films in the Godzilla franchise . No American-made Godzilla movie could ever say that , before .
Gawd-zero ... Take a lesson , Hollywood . Light-years ahead of this $ 160-million boondoggle the jittery , zero-budget ` Cloverfield . '
This new Godzilla is definitely worth waiting for ! His looks , roars and stomps seem incredibly real , which helps make ` Godzilla ' -LRB- 2014 -RRB- a thrilling film ride .
... invests its titular character with a Sense of Wonder that outweighs his mere bulk , lingering in the mind after that last building has toppled and the last roar has faded from the soundtrack .
Except for the clear purpose of cashing in on yet another `` Godzilla '' remake , everything is happening for no reason . Worst of all , what is ensuing misses and even mocks the reason why Ishirô Honda originated 1954 's Godzilla in the first place .
It 's shocking to note how little screen time Godzilla receives , and when he finally enters into a battle royale with the Mutos , it almost feels like the picture has been handed over to an extra .
Hail to the King of the Monsters , baby .
Nothing beats the 1954 version , but this film is good enough to side-by-side with it . It will make fans of the franchise proud .
Most of the film was killing time for the monster fight at the climax .
Gareth Edwards , who directed the genre-twisting film Monsters , knows how to turn a monster flick into something more thoughtful while still maintaining an exciting exterior .
All the elements are in place for the new Godzilla movie to be great ... however I expect more Godzilla in my Godzilla movie .
Yes , fresh but with qualms .
The fight scenes between Godzilla and the two MUTOs are brilliant and totally breathtaking -- there is nothing cheesy about these monsters .
`` Godzilla '' is entertaining enough , and its final scene is a memorable one . But it is only moderately suspenseful .
Godzilla is a bloated beast in search of a logical plot , an engaging lead and a reason for its existence .
Slick and spectacular , it 's memorable for its mythic monster visual effects .
Edwards ' creature design is dazzling , his deus ex machina are riveting , and the ultimate payoff to which he treats his audience is the sort of gangbusters crowd-pleaser that your average contemporary monster movie is too afraid to consider .
Incredibly entertaining ! The film does a very wise thing in staying true to the spirit of the original . It fundamentally feels like a Godzilla movie should .
The script goes to ridiculous lengths to keep the focus on Ford , shedding more interesting characters who 'd get in the way of making sure he 's at the center of the action .
A crowd-pleasing return for Godzilla with poignant human drama , blockbuster spectacle , and a third act brawl that sets a new bar for the King of the Monsters .
While it may not be the most gargantuan movie of the summer , `` Godzilla '' certainly is a force to be reckoned with .
Godzilla handles everything the military hurls at him : ships , guns , planes , rockets , even a squadron of HALO paratroopers . The only thing that can cut him down to size is being relegated to a supporting role in his very own movie .
... the kid in me was hugely disappointed by the latest take on the legendary Lizard King . And the adult was n't too thrilled , either .
The beasts just want to have fun , but the gravest letdown in Edwards 's film is that , most of the time , he fends off the chance to have fun himself .
A superior monster movie that unfortunately devalues Godzilla 's status as an anti-war metaphor and a caution against the abuse of science and power .
This movie is at the head of the class when it comes to giant-monster movies , as ` Godzilla ' is both comfortingly familiar and excitingly fresh .
British director Gareth Edwards has fashioned a blockbuster-sized popcorn treat here .
The monsters , it must be said , are awesome . But they have tiny pre-mammalian brains and only the most basic , instinctive motivations . So when they are your film 's most interesting characters , even the most spectacle-hungry viewer is going to get bored .
We 're here to see the film 's leading lizard , who is pretty gorgeously realized by an army of digitizers , even if he seems just a bit-player in his own movie for the first hour or so .
This new Godzilla is significantly better than the 1998 mess ...
Some in the short attention span demographic might disagree with -LRB- Edwards -RRB- solid , slow-burn ideals , but the end result is truly spectacular .
An unusually conscientious blockbuster , one that blends serious commentary with the joy of watching the eponymous thunder lizard prove why he still reigns supreme in his niche to this very day .
Offers a respectable Hollywood treatment of the iconic monster , but ca n't sustain the momentum generated by a riveting opening sequence .
Godzilla has run the gamut from campy action star hissing at throngs with poorly dubbed English to an even bigger joke - cough , hack , the 1998 monstrosity - to this sweet reinvention . Size does n't matter . Acting matters . Writing matters . Cranston matters .
None of its flaws quite manage to kill the fun of watching Godzilla , because , for all of the poor choices made in terms of screen time , the big guy himself still manages to be an awe-inspiring character .
The first truly joyous popcorn action movie of the season .
almost contemplative as it makes human folly and hubris at least as scary as prehistoric monsters jarred back to life by the nuclear weapons made possible by the said folly and hubris .
I admire that Edwards wanted to slow his movie down , make us earn our glimpses of Godzilla . I just wish he would have given us something to do while we were waiting .
Most will complain , it takes Mr. Zilla an hour to finally roar on screen . However , Godzilla would be a dud even if he showed up in the first ten minutes .
It 's a tad better than the 1998 Godzilla , perhaps , but that 's not saying much .
Equal parts ingenious , muddled , exciting and predictable , Godzilla ultimately seems at war with itself , wanting to deliver thematic substance and artistic wit but beholden to big budget expectations .
The director 's occasional artsy flourishes in Godzilla turn an orgiastic display of mass destruction into wily-smart entertainment .
It 's a smooth , sleek , technologically awe-inspiring 3-D blockbuster with a top-shelf cast -LRB- speaking middle-to-lower-shelf dialogue most of the time , to be sure , but they do it with style -RRB- .
Ambitious and reverent reboot may not manage to satisfy either purists or modern moviegoing audiences .
This monster may not reflect terror and grief over nuclear war , but he sure is fun to watch . And you can bring the kids !
Gareth Edward 's `` Godzilla '' remake is the best creature-feature since Steven Spielberg 's `` Jurassic Park '' , once again returning awe and wonder to the summer blockbuster season .
Godzilla saves the world but ca n't save he ? she ? its ? movie .
Fun , not cheesy and reinvigorates the iconic monster .
Like its monstrous hero , it moves pretty slow , but when it finally gets where it 's going ... look out .
Sadly , the most colossal thing about Godzilla is how disappointing it is .
If audiences endorse this reboot of the Godzilla tale , we may see a franchise . But if this is a one-off , it is a worthy one , Godzilla has been given his due .
There are familiar themes floating around in the epic wreckage . Mainly , though , there are monsters . And they 're pretty great .
A lumbering , self-serious , resoundingly dull stew of cliches , clumsy exposition and seen - 'em - before visual effects .
Key components missing : a point , a sense of awe , serviceable acting , and fun .
When not crowding the screen with roaring destructosaurs Edwards allows the pace to slow to a meander , so that you can sit back and enjoy the thrill ride before the next sudden dip and weave .
Godzilla is a thumpingly good monster movie .
Not just a solidly enjoyable and exciting flick - with not one second of sag - it 's also a strikingly beautiful piece of work .
I found the film strangely unthrilling - although rarely less than very , very loud .
Spectacle is king in Godzilla , a creature feature blockbuster that delivers breathtaking action on an epic scale .
Godzilla - both the movie and the big guy - is ... something of a lumpy , lumbering great beast of a thing , lurching from city to city , continent to continent , smackdown to smackdown and plot point to plot point ...
What we do n't have is a very good story . And for a movie with a lot of destruction , not enough of a sense of real investment in the outcome .
I know director Gareth Edwards has a cult following stemming from his low-budget `` Monsters , '' but how can you unleash monsters on Vegas and Frisco , and have zero fun with it ?
Edwards ' expertise in the visual effects field manifests itself in the seamlessness of the computer-generated imagery , if not in its extraordinariness .
It 's a bracing tonic for the bored palate of the mainstream moviegoer , and one of the most intriguing big-budget breakthrough films since Steven Spielberg made `` Jaws . ''
Some solid special effects -LRB- they got Godzilla right -RRB- , lots of stuff blowing up and plenty of cool creatures that make this a classic monster movie , but it needs more Bryan Cranston and more humanity .
This is no expensive lark tossed off by goofballs working for paychecks . This is Godzilla , made a director who wanted to get it right .
Godzilla squanders the potential of its fantastic cast in favour of huge set pieces and special effects .
The filmmakers are under the mistaken Michael Bay-like impression that audiences paying to see a movie entitled ` Godzilla ' would be content with a movie focused on generic , underdeveloped humans .
The reboot perfectly illustrates the problem that has long haunted mediocre monster movies . When the big , scaly guys are on screen , it 's a fun thrill ride . But when the humans are at the center of the action , things get scary - and not in a good way .
Takes a little while to warm up , but this is a cool and classy piece of epic monster movie-making .
The American nightmare that provides context and weight is the 9/11 attack , and the long shadow of that horror has permeated American films since .
Godzilla is dangerously amazing , humanity endangering , city-destroying perfection . Chisel this in stone and write it down in the record books that the king has finally returned .
Uma obra sem ritmo , sem vida e cuja aposta na expectativa acaba atuando contra os propósitos do cineasta .
While it boasts a cast that has some talent one wonders why ? With virtually nothing but special effects , had director Gareth Edwards had the perspicacity to cut an hour from the film , the remaining 60 minutes would still have been too long .
How is it possible that the least interesting character in an enormous remake of `` Godzilla '' is , well , Godzilla ?
Unlike so many CGI-fests , Godzilla is a minimum participant , popping up in the perfect moments , with a presence that 's always felt , in large part through the personality of Alexandre Desplat 's dark score .
Edwards still has style to spare and at times we ca n't help but be seduced by the film 's overall look that combines a '50s - era Technicolor palette with 3D Viewmaster framing for something that visually evokes Godzilla 's origins .
This may be the exceedingly rare American remake of a movie that is at its best when it is n't trying to engage with the original 's legacy .
Director Gareth Edwards bloats the film with human figures that never spring to life and sabotage the primal story .
What 's offered is n't horrible by any means , but it 's definitely not as good as the trailer teased and promised . -LRB- Complete Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's great . I ca n't wait to see it again .
Monster movie provides the right kick
If you 're into superlatives - and who is n't ? - Godzilla conjures the most jaw-dropping giant monster sequences since the original King Kong .
Godzilla might miss out on the perfect film it could be , but it 's definitely the film it should be .
Did n't really make any sense , but it did n't matter because a monster basically used an ICBM for a dildo at one point and it was all I could do not to throw confetti in the air and run around my seat with joy .
Large and in charge .
Ironically this big , lumbering movie could have used more , not less . More Godzilla without question , and more emotional content for its very good cast too .
This is exactly what big summer movies ought to aspire to : never short on dazzle , but unafraid to let us catch our breath once it 's been taken away .
The more elements the movie piles on , the more diffuse and disjointed it becomes .
This Godzilla is ready for his close-up , and he looks pretty great in Imax 3-D .
Avoids exposing the harsh truth that watching CGI creatures beat each other up has limited entertainment value .
Will you have fun watching this movie on opening weekend with friends ? No doubt . Will you remember it in a year ? Dubious .
Weirdly earnest , it has the pea-sized brain of a dinosaur but compensates with an impressive display of sound and fury that practically raises the roof off an IMAX auditorium .
`` Godzilla '' is a terrific piece of entertainment that does n't insult its audience and gives us more than our money 's worth .
Edwards ultimately fails to do justice to the big lizard 's legacy .
It 's beautifully filmed , the creatures look fantastic , and Edwards knows his way around a huge action setpiece - there were four or five sequences that were nothing short of beautiful .
`` Godzilla '' fully embraces its blockbuster stature , using high production values , cavernous sets and convincing special effects to create a monstrously entertaining experience .
Godzilla manages to give the beast the mythic mystique it deserves .
There 's a word for the kind of technocratic brains behind `` Godzilla '' : unbalanced .
In Godzilla , director Gareth Edwards sets out to revive something that has practically disappeared from big-budget Hollywood spectacles : A sense of awe .
This Godzilla takes itself very , very , seriously . Too bad we ca n't .
For at least 75 minutes of the movie , there 's not a single moment of human peril that 's made vivid or consequential . It 's all just spectacle , whether it 's people or buildings getting destroyed .
Given a chunky budget of $ 167 million , Evans creates a creature feature with a bland band of humans bearing witness to giant reptiles participating in a numbing series of protracted professional wrestling matches .
In the last third of this lumbering reboot , the latest Godzilla springs to life and wakes up the wide-eyed kid in all of us .
Clever Script , Dynamic Effects Resurrect `` Godzilla . ''
Maybe the most exhilarating summer movie since Jurassic Park .
It seems to have hopes of becoming a science fiction classic . It 's not -- it 's just a popcorn movie -- but it 's loud , smashing fun , if you accept it as a high-tech piece of silliness .
Gareth Edwards , director of the new Godzilla , tries to deal with some character development and the franchise mythology , but in the end the film is 123 minutes of Godzilla smashing anything that gets in his way .
This Godzilla is bigger and thrashier and more dorsal-finned than ever before , and some of the scenes are truly magnificent , but it 's all visual bombast at the expense of storytelling or anyone to actually believe in .
This Hollywood monster epic manages to honor the creature 's Japanese Atomic Age origin story and obliterate the memory of Roland Emmerich 's disappointing 1998 revival .
More than once , it leaves you impatient ... as Edwards revs up some good old-fashioned monster mashing and then abruptly cuts to the aftermath . It 's like having sex withheld .
Edwards has made The Third Man of monster movies .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's disappointing that the latter half ... ca n't maintain the emotional core of the prior , but even so , Godzilla remains a human story of a more general variety .
The sets -LRB- decorated by Elizabeth Wilcox -RRB- are filled with quirky bric-a-brac , bringing a lived-in dimension to the big-budget spectacle , and Edwards displays a welcome playfulness in some of his flamboyant camera movements .
Worth seeing for the last half hour , but too much of the film is dull . Waiting to reveal Godzilla would have been fine if the characters had heart or if the film had tension .
When 2014 Godzilla finally fully emerges from the deep like a gloriously meaty centerfold straight out of Bulk Reptile magazine -- a creation that 's part performance capture , part computer stuff , thankfully looking nothing like a CG cartoon -- we cheer .
When it belatedly puts the spotlight where it belongs , is transformed into massively entertaining spectacle .
Coming on the heels of Guillermo del Toro 's `` Pacific Rim , '' `` Godzilla '' lacks the jaw-dropping wow factor and emotional impact of its predecessor .
The iconic movie monster feels diminished in this multimillion-dollar disappointment .
90 minutes of bad movie redeemed by a fun third act ? Not if I have to see it in murky , out of focus IMAX 3D . My eyes !
A good movie , just not the great one that fans of the mutant monster were hoping for .
It does n't take a nuclear physicist to realize that a Godzilla film should probably have more , you know , Godzilla .
Poetry in commotion .
One of the pleasures the movie offers is the thought that actors who have done splendid work elsewhere ... are being paid well for shouting , grimacing and spouting expository claptrap .
This franchise needs renewal . In Godzilla we trust ? Not without some serious re-minting of the currency .
The human beings are on fantastically dull form and the storyline is a muddled and supercilious affair ...
A drive-in would be perfect .
The sheer filmmaking craft on display here shames almost any comparably budgeted superhero picture you can name .
Godzilla is loud and grandiose at times , but it 's also an elegant , understated and welcome approach to the kaiju genre .
There is might and fury to Godzilla that 's often amazing to behold , but its limitations and weird storytelling choices throttle the escapism , while the titular Goliath merely makes an extended cameo in his own picture .
A barnstormer when it 's in full monster movie mode and a sleeper when cut down to human size
This monster movie commits one of the cardinal sins of the genre : it 's boring .
This latest bid to Hollywoodize a uniquely Japanese icon is an uneven spectacle that ca n't sustain its solid first-half character moments . But the movie can also flash a surprising , often clever sense of legacy ...
The family dynamics give the picture a fierce human focus and Cranston is terrific as a lonely Cassandra ; his surname Brody presumably a nod to Roy Scheider 's Brody in Jaws .
Edwards wants to do more than make our eyes bulge and our popcorn crunch .
Everybody in this movie is a bore , or at least something of a blank . The script by Max Borenstein , from a story by David Callaham , does n't give anybody time to be endearing or sarcastic or human in any way .
Despite a few fiery breaths , there 's mostly hot air from a lot of serious actors slumming it .
As cities are reduced to dusty ruins and fleeing survivors jam highways , echoes of Sept. 11 resonate unmistakably , and that significantly dilutes the fun factor .
When that awe-inspiring sight of Godzilla circa 2014 stomps like certain death towards the screen , we are slaves to this spectacle .
Edwards and his team produce consistently stunning visuals .
The movie 's final battle is pretty awe-inspiring , even if the plight of the human characters is never half as interesting as the showdown between Godzilla and his prey .
A summer blockbuster with terrifyingly majestic sights , breathlessly constructed action sequences , tautly eloquent storytelling , and an overall sense of wonder and imagination . At the risk of sounding trite , it has to be said : `` Godzilla '' is awesome .
Godzilla is just another big budget slab of sound-and-fury where things like characterisation , logic , and good storytelling get quickly and effectively trampled .
In form , it 's no wham-bam VFX sizzle reel replete with sputtering , ejaculatory climaxes . It 's the magnificently sustained equivalent of Ravel 's `` Bolero , '' with nuclear warheads in place of timpani rolls .
Solemn and too cautionary to get much pleasure from inundating or bulldozing tourist wonderlands . The giant reptile has convincing density and rage ... a warning against mankind 's foolish presumption that CG is better than the best miniature work .
Pacific Rim , for all its no holds barred , kaiju on jaeger action , is little more than a VFX-reel compared to Godzilla , an honest-to-goodness motion picture in all the ways that really matter .
Bonkers and boring . Oh , well . At least there 's a nice lesson about the importance of family .
This may not exactly be the Godzilla I grew up with but it 's a more than acceptable upgrade .
It 's a little light on fully realized human characters , but what does that matter when you 've got a 350-foot monster with an astonishing amount of fight and resolve to root for ?
Saved by a rousing final showdown that 's way too short and only hints at the better movie that this could have been .
Aiming for a titanic tale that is also seriously ominous , Godzilla opens with a bang and concludes with an exhilarating roar .
Godzilla dawdles toward its Doomsday climax ; the movie could win a prize for Least Stuff Happening in the First Two-Thirds of an Action Film .
We came to see things get smashed . Godzilla delivers .
It 's all fun in its own -LRB- by now -RRB- very far-fetched way but reinforces the sense that Godzilla movies will never fully be able to transcend their own innate , cheesy preposterousness .
Superbly made but burdened by some dull human characters enacted by an interesting international cast who ca n't do much with them , this new Godzilla is smart , self-aware , eye-popping and arguably in need of a double shot of cheeky wit .
Its tale is familiar , yes , and its strokes broad , but the hugely satisfying Godzilla is a work of uniquely poetic craft and visual imagination . It 's a masterful monster made with real creative care .
Roarsome .
How many times have we complained that summer blockbusters are all about the action , at the expense of niceties like character development ?
What Edwards and screenwriter Max Borenstein get is that while Godzilla is a monster , he is a monster we want to cheer .
America 's newest Godzilla is the feel-good movie of the year .
Is there enough Godzilla in `` Godzilla '' ? Folks , there is . There is just enough .
Chomp City : The humans are wooden ; the monsters are ready to rumble .
Edwards makes the leap to the majors with confidence , adapting his grounded approach to sci-fi to a much larger scale .
Godzilla is one of those generic , omnipresent blockbusters that 's undone by the very spectacle it strives to dazzle us with : Everything is so gargantuan , so momentous , that nothing has any weight .
Even in 3-D , these human characters are barely one-dimensional , but in the end that does n't really matter very much .
When Godzilla finally makes his appearance on the eastern side of the Pacific he 's like the big bungling uncle you have great affection for , but do n't want to get too close to your china cabinet . He 's a magnificent creation ...
It takes a while to get going but when it does , Gareth Edwards ' Godzilla fulfils expectations with a gigantic roar : spectacular visual effects , an enveloping dark production design and an outstanding score by Alexandre Desplat that screams its terror .
It 's hard to imagine anyone who 's serious about film taking this movie seriously ... It does n't suck . The fact that it exists , however , does .
Bryan Cranston chews more scenery than the lizard .
Gareth Edwards ' Godzilla is one of the great blockbusters of modern times . Believe .
`` Godzilla '' stays serious-minded and serious-toned about apocalyptic quality of nuclear damage : now , instead of post-Hiroshima , post-Nagasaki , it 's post-Fukushima , wary of worldwide flaws in the interconnectedness of the power grid .
This is the `` Godzilla '' fans have been waiting for , and any other big budget summer action flick will be hard-pressed to equal the fun .
Godzilla is primordial pap .
-LSB- A -RSB- satisfying monster movie that delivers when it counts . -LSB- Director -RSB- Edwards provides one jaw-dropping image after another , most of them accompanied by a haze of destruction and a pounding sound design .
You just ca n't keep a good radioactive dinosaur down .
'' -LRB- The -RRB- antithesis of recent , ` action-porn ' hits like last year 's ` Man of Steel , ' which had less emotion and depth of character than your average video game . ''
A self-confessed Godzilla geek , Edwards has stayed true to many of the origins of the original Toho creation -LRB- directed by Ishiro Honda way back in 1954 -RRB- by playing once again on nuclear fears and nature 's ability to remind mankind of its power .
Edwards ' version of `` Godzilla '' remains the ultimate monster movie . The legacy has been upheld .
If you really do n't ask for anything more than a solid hour or so of giant creatures beating on each other , well then , this new `` Godzilla '' is for you - just the way all the old ones were .
That rare breed of blockbuster that emphasises character over spectacle and slow-burn tension over relentless action sequences ...
Godzilla stands tall in the modern pantheon of monster movies : a no-nonsense beast that makes his 90s counterpart look like a bogey with legs .
I 'm happy to report that scenes like Jaws emerging from the ocean and John McClane leaping off of Nakatomi plaza may now welcome a new VIP into their club : Godzilla , party of one .
As great as the ending is , I just ca n't help but think that I wanted more .
Legendary Pictures ' Godzilla origin story carries the weight of unwieldy expectations , but rather than buckle , it is ultimately a fantastic -- though imperfect -- example of the genre .
Elegantly updates the King of All Monsters for the 21st century in ways that have moved with the global zeitgeist . But Hollywood 's tedious myopia means the movie as a whole is n't quite so beautiful .
-LSB- Gareth -RSB- Edwards has somehow morphed into the best directorial impersonation of a young Steven Spielberg I think I 've ever seen .
Viscerally thrilling and intense . If you 're looking for a summer blockbuster that delivers pure escapism for 2 hours without overstaying its welcome , it wo n't disappoint you .
No previous Godzilla movie has worried much about the issue of plausibility , but it seems to be an almost crippling concern here ... -LSB- but Godzilla movies -RSB- are ultimately judged by the quality of the mayhem , and Edwards excels at blowing things up .
Director Edwards holds back on unleashing the full might of his titans until the very end , and while the finale is appropriately rousing , it makes the preceding set-pieces play more like teasers than complete scenes .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Further confirmation that no one in Hollywood knows how to tell a story on film anymore , `` Godzilla '' starts out promisingly enough before slipping into a snooze-fest by the end of its first act .
The final battle is more than just a cathartic bit of movie mayhem ; it may be the loudest you 'll cheer in a theater all summer .
Edwards does know how to fashion some serious monster mayhem .
It 's always fun to watch scaly , skyscraper-sized behemoths lay waste to civilisation , but a bit more human drama would be welcome .
Godzilla very much has the mentality of a vintage creature feature , seemingly pitched at children and fannish true believers .
Edwards ' film boasts great filmmaking , noble intentions and cracking monster action . Yet it never reconciles its B-movie origins - preposterous premise , clichéd characters - with its solemn , Nolanised tone .
At least they get the monster right .
-LSB- An -RSB- exciting and entertaining romp that has enough twists and turns - and astute back-story - to keep film lovers happy , and enough city smashing devastation to impress genre fans .
-LSB- I -RSB- t features a piece of hurtin ' that is likely something you always wanted to see but never knew it - a moment that singlehandedly shows up ` Pacific Rim ' as the visually incoherent , failed volley for badassery it was .
This seemingly superfluous reboot , is something of a triumph .
The best disaster movie since Independence Day .
`` Godzilla '' has technical prowess and computing power that the early efforts could only dream of ; but by upping the effects without paying attention to the affect , `` Godzilla '' gains majesty and loses meaning .
Aaron Taylor-Johnson take over the movie and compared to Bryan Cranston , he is wooden , dull , and uncommanding , and the movie begins to deaden with his lead weight .
A spectacular and surprisingly respectful take on the Japanese icon . Godzilla tramples other monster movies underfoot .
A summer blockbuster that 's not just thrilling , but that orchestrates its thrills with such rare diligence , you want to yelp with glee .
Has its fair share of plot holes and questionable twists , but just as the reptilian beast keeps battling ahead , the movie attempts to wrestle outrageous material into something worthy of serious consideration .
It 's an intelligent but rather dour monster movie , its crippling lack of heart mitigated by spellbinding action and a gripping first act .
Manages to deliver all the big crowd-pleasing moments we want from our blockbuster devastation epics and leave us wanting more , in the best possible way .
Director Gareth Edwards -LRB- Monsters -RRB- gets the money shots right , but neither he nor screenwriter Max Borenstein -LRB- working from a story by David Callaham -RRB- makes the human characters interesting enough to get us through two mostly Godzilla-free acts .
They spent millions upon millions of dollars to make highly sophisticated computers recreate the look and feel of classic Toho monster brawl action , and it is absolutely glorious .
... while I do n't think the film is completely successful , there is so much that 's interesting and exciting about it that it feels like a brand new day for Toho 's greatest icon .
You want a poster quote , cause here it comes : this ` Godzilla ' is a monster !
There 's a lot to enjoy in this latest attempt to bring everyone 's favorite giant lizard back to the screen .
Gareth Edwards ' Godzilla made me feel like a wide-eyed , mesmerized child discovering big-budget filmmaking for the first time - a nostalgic blast of magic of iconic sorts .

@highlight

With just enough human drama to anchor the sweeping spectacle of giant monsters smashing everything in sight , Gareth Edwards ' Godzilla satisfyingly restores the franchise 's fire-breathing glory .