The creators of Shrek thus compose an addictive musical remix of adorable characters , hilarious and emotional moments , catchy songs , colorful aesthetics ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What 's weird is that the things that I liked about it are the things I usually hate about these types of movies . This movie does pop culture references , cover songs ... but for some reason , in this movie , it works .
The story is a typical quest journey ... Along the way , our heroes learn moral lessons while cracking jokes and singing songs . Predictably , all gets worked out at the end .
Trolls is a fail-safe film that young parents can take their kids to , and hopefully enjoy a few chuckles themselves .
This animated film is like mainlining a rainbow , snorting Martha Stewart-brand glitter and drinking a glass of ecstasy-spiked champagne . You 'll get a high off all the happy .
Director Mike Mitchell loads the movie with countless pop culture references that make the story telling both cute and cool .
The DreamWorks animation and a voice cast led by Anna Kendrick and Justin Timberlake are both great and every time the pace threatens to slow , someone launches into yet another disco mash-up . It 's no Shrek , but it will pass a rainy afternoon .
The music in Trolls is programmed by your local karaoke bar and sung like everyone 's getting paid REALLY WELL .
Energetic , sure , though sometimes predictable , and periodically bland .
Filled with vibrant imagery & wall to wall with choice pop song selections , there is much to like yet not quite enough to fall head first in love with .
... it 's ultimately difficult to imagine older viewers finding much here to get truly worked up over .
... amounts to having glitter thrown in your eyes for 92 minutes .
What price , happiness ?
But in this new Hollywood animated children 's film , Trolls are small , incurably sweet and dedicated to singing , dancing and hugging . They 're so happy , they make the Smurfs looks like a bunch of French existentialists stuck in a no-smoking zone .
A musical cartoon , brightened by pop songs , and original songs , sung by Anna Kendrick -LRB- ` Pitch Perfect ' -RRB- and Grammy Award-winning singer , songwriter and actor Justin Timberlake -LRB- who is also a songwriter and executive music producer of this film -RRB- .
Kendrick and Timberlake bring snappy comic timing , even when the dialogue could be wittier . Co-director Walt Dohrn steals the picture as a high-fiving cloud-bro .
The vivid design and fluid animation support a jukebox score of dreary familiarity , a screenplay of trite wordplay -LRB- ` No troll left behind ! ' -RRB- and a story of the utmost banality .
The five year olds for whom this ghastly piece of post-content confection is intended are unlikely to see beyond the bright colours , fast movement and hit song covers to realise it has one of the stupidest story set-ups ever to appear in a kids ' film .
Where the film really impresses , though , is in its creative use of the animation medium itself ; no DreamWorks film has ever experimented so much in so many ways .
Heartfelt and well-crafted , Trolls is an instant classic that kids will clamor to watch again and again when it 's available on DVD .
Trolls is cinematic junk food , but not just some sloppy greasy cheeseburger . It is one of those exquisitely pretty little cakes you find in really nice patisseries .
You may end up feeling like you just ate all of your Halloween candy in one night , but that 's about the worst you can say about Trolls .
Manages to find a balance between loud , shiny and sickly sweet , and entertaining enough
Trolls is like Smurfs , but way better and way funnier and actually a good movie .
A repeating joke with James Corden 's troll never hits while the auto-tuned T-Pain troll is always - ALWAYS - funny .
I was confident Nicholas Stoller 's Storks would take the prize for most obnoxious family entertainment of the year , but Trolls -- another garish , computer-animated comedy -- instantly lowers the bar .
As a piece of animation , Trolls is beautifully textured .
This inoffensive , highly formulaic affair differs only from other average ` toons in that it merrily pours on the audiovisual sugar to overload proportions .
There 's little memorable about Trolls , but you got to hand it to these weirdly happy little people -- they sure know how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
Far more sufferable in execution than in concept .
A candyfloss rainbow of colour , song and enchantment , this eye-popping family film is an undiluted hit of happiness ... . A joyous , uplifting film that reminds us about the essence of fun
Although the parents perhaps will fall asleep with its kindergarten humor , full of hugs and colorful cupcakes , the youngest will truly enjoy this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Those once-ugly dolls turn into some beautifully upbeat characters in this delightfully colorful animated take on bliss .
A film that easily infects the desire to dance , resulting in a product that aims much higher than just being an entertaining kids movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This film is almost an exclusive product for children , but made with quality and a lot of charisma , where the musical selection and an animation full of textures stands out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Where does happiness come from ? That 's the question at the heart of Trolls , a 3-D feature ablaze with neon color and good cheer from DreamWorks Animation .
It 's essentially a soundtrack -- and a good one at that , led by Timberlake and Anna Kendrick , with contributions from Gwen Stefani -- in search of a story .
Sugary & syrupy - with a rockin ' soundtrack ...
Adults will left out in the cold by its excessively sugary feel .
There 's enough `` adult '' material to keep parents and others amused and engaged , and the overall tone and pacing make the overall pic darn difficult to resist . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Scary stuff , Crude Humor , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Trolls is simply a joyful movie .
Directors Mike Mitchell and Walt Dohrn pepper the ... musical numbers with splashy visual fripperies that underline and italicize the movie 's cheerful sweetness , reminding us of the fertile symbiotic relationship between music and animation .
Every energetic scene is paired with well-known sing-alongs , for which Kendrick and Timberlake offer their talented vocals . And for an animated film built for short attention spans , the storyline stays pitch perfect .
I 've already reminded myself to skip `` Trolls 6 : The Wrath of Chef . ''
Everything about this animated movie delighted me , but especially the cute song and dance numbers .
Based on the popular toy line , Trolls bears all the earmarks of a blatant cash-in on a recognizable property , with little imagination to speak of and predictable creative choices from beginning to end .
An film full of exuberant overload of music and color , with a slight hint of criticism at blind naivety . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I did n't like it , not at all , and while I 'm certain there are kids out there who will undoubtedly feel differently do n't expect me to sing a different tune on the matter anytime soon .
`` Trolls '' is a rainbow-sprinkled nightmare .
The message , though simplistic , is still worth hearing : you ca n't consume happiness ; you need to find it within yourself .
One character farts glitter and another poops cupcakes . You could not ask for better in-movie metaphors .
The splashy 3D visuals and frenetic pacing might captivate small children , even if the slapstick result is shallow and forgettable .
Trolls is solid , visually-stunning entertainment for kids with a positive message , but there is n't much there for adults .
Trolls is one animated adventure where parents , even if they are n't fully engaged , wo n't be completely enraged either .
Fun , colorful adventure has some peril , lots of great music .
It 's like someone dropped a tab and walked through Toys R Us , started an existential conversation with a Troll doll , then totally tripped out at Michaels in the middle of the scrapbooking department . Fun . Right ? But also weird ...
It 's reasonably entertaining , with some good musical numbers and at least one goofily endearing performance . But it 's also just a little bit all over the place , with a story that often seems like a fairy-tale greatest hits album .
While about 60 percent of Trolls is a solid , quality production , the rest is an acquired taste that will polarize the audience , especially those on the mature end .
Keeping to the basics of animated endeavors , the film does n't color outside the lines , delivering big songs and heart for family audiences , but not much originality .
... a day-glo musical about finding one 's inner happiness ... Kendrick and Timberlake make beautiful music together
It 's a minor diversion , but it 's still an entertaining one .
Wait , this is n't about the deplorable idiots on the internet ? That 's one good title wasted .
Despite the tiresome story , it 's a hard film to dislike .
`` Trolls '' is n't likely to advance mankind in any significant way , but it 's a harmless adventure with a few toe-tapping musical numbers and a positive message of togetherness and teamwork .
The only way to make a story this generic bearable is to go all-out crazy with the aesthetic , and that 's precisely what director Mike Mitchell , codirector of the equally head-tripping The SpongeBob Movie : Sponge out of Water , has done .
Trolls is aggressively cute , with adorable characters and colorful locations . But its use of romantic love as the solution to everything is frustratingly basic .
`` Trolls '' is pure delight , lots of jokes , great music , and a surprisingly wise take on the elusive quest for happiness .
`` Trolls '' combines dreadful kindergarten humor -LRB- one troll poops cupcakes -RRB- with a feeble plot , much padded with high-fructose-corn-syrup versions of pop and R&B classics .
Exuberant , busy and sometimes funny , DreamWorks Animation 's `` Trolls '' is determined to amuse .
Kids will have a good time watching it , and even adults going in will appreciate the music choices and the beauty of the animation .
Mitchell and Dohrn keep Trolls funny and light , and the 93-minute result is sure to be every 4 - to 10-year-old 's favorite film of the fall .
The animated musical Trolls has more sugar than your kid 's trick-or-treat bag , but it 's got a fair share of sharp flavors , too .
You simply will walk out -- or perhaps dance out -- of the theater feeling very happy yourself .
The best thing that could happen for Trolls would be to forget it completely . That would make me happy .
If Trolls were more articulate with its how-to-be-happy-and-appreciate-what-you-have message and was able to better fold the sentiment into the out-there animation , it may be more fun to watch .
`` Trolls '' is aimed squarely at the kids ' market and it will strike a chord with the under 10 set with its positive messages of love thy neighbor and be happy .
Ultimately , the `` get happy '' moral of the story , while trite compared to something like Inside Out , is sufficiently sweet enough for its audience . Did you expect more from a piece of candy ?
Having a pop superstar like Timberlake in your voice cast , and deliberately not having him sing until near the end just seems like a waste of that talent .
There 's nary a hint of the original Troll dolls ' disconcerting unearthliness in this utterly tame although vibrantly animated feature from DreamWorks Animation .
As infernally sugary as this movie may sound on paper , and however mercenary its commercial intentions , it 's hard to resist ...
Sprightly vibes are gorgeously visualized in trippy , textured , MDMA-fuelled designs with more bright colours than a bag of Skittles . It 's a kid-friendly narrative about popping ecstasy .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a glitter bomb , right down to a troll who literally squirts glitter like a defense mechanism .
Little ones may find the perpetually furious Chef a bit too threatening . But there 's never a riotously candy-coloured scene or a spirited song far away ...
Energetic and vibrant , `` Trolls '' is hardly the throwback grown-ups might expect to the bad old days of cartoons conceived as toy ads rather than entertainment .
You might label ` Trolls ' as ` F.T.O. ' - meaning ` for tots only , ' like the Smurfs , though the studio is obviously hoping it can appeal beyond that demo .
All that humor , color and happiness is an undeniable delight , making you tap your feet and , as Timberlake sings , feel as if you 've got sunshine in your pocket .
The characters are clichés and the plot is assembly-line predictable .
Trolls is no LEGO Movie , but there is something to it , a relentlessness of spirit that is undeniable .
The movie 's serotonin pumps like a fire hose . It 's almost impossible not to surrender to the bliss .
A derivative madcap money machine that is all about ensuring that DreamWorks , which has had few hits other than sequels in recent years , has a fresh pipeline of steady revenue .
For kids entertained by bright colors and catchy music , it will be a great time-passer , although adults could end up with a slight headache .
Gloriously computer-animated on top of being a well-told story , `` Trolls '' takes a long-in-the-tooth doll brand that hit its pop-culture zenith in the 1990s and quickly exceeds expectations .
The movie is light enough on its feet and moves briskly to the perfect length for parents with wiggly children in tow .
Just when you 're getting tempted to check your watch and Google `` Trolls movie running time , '' Timberlake breaks into song , and everything is all right again .
It 's hard not to smile when watching Trolls , a sweet and humorous take on the pursuit of happiness .
From the bright , neon-coloured palette -- complete with bursts of shiny glitter -- to the design of the locations using craft material such as felt and fabric , the whole thing is one glorious , eye-popping affair .
TROLLS is far better than you 'd expect , in fact , it is just plain delightful .
Puerile .
A pretty standard piece of subpar DreamWorks product : loud and shiny , more than a tad frantic despite a generic set of characters , written and directed by in-house lifers .
There 's something about the neon-tinted , sugar-smacked highs of `` Trolls '' that can be bizarrely infectious . When it 's weirder , it 's better .
A colorful , entertaining comedy with a nod to classic pop music and children films , that it will surely be a hit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film set in a cute fluffy world , with effective jokes and great hit songs from various decades used with great skill . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Kids up to maybe 5 to 6 might like it . As for Mom and Dad ... kindly keep your screams to yourselves .
You 'd be hard-pressed to keep from smiling throughout the trippy dance sequences and clever banter in this feel-good confection .
Trolls winds up transforming from a prospective toy commercial to a spiritual lesson about being content with what you already have .
DreamWorks has arguably produced its strangest animation yet with Trolls , a bright-and-breezy sing-a-long fairy-tale cartoon musical .
DreamWorks Animation 's karaoke musical has the flimsiest of plots and silliest of premises , yet it still finds a way to pay off .
A colossal talent to waste ratio .
Despite the competent animation , the great tunes , and funny voice work by costars Russell Brand and John Cleese , Trolls is a lackluster entry . The story is clichéd and predictable . Overall , the film has no real magic .
A corporate-sponsored disco rave from the happiest recesses of hell .
Even in a film as pre-assembled as Trolls , the animators have just enough space to create moments of genuine artistry .
A story , especially for kids , accompanied by a nice subtext about the origin of happiness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Cute and sweet and will put you to sleep , like a diabetic coma , and then it will smack you awake with its relentlessly cheery vivid-pastel optimism .
Solid laughs and surprisingly tight script and direction keep the crazy train that is Trolls on the tracks and moving along nicely .
A colorful , festive and dizzying musical proposal , but it is too derivative of other films like The Smurfs . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very entertaining and fun movie that will leave you with big a smile on your face . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
DreamWorks have found a very underhand way to flog those hairy collectable dolls - they 've made them the stars of their most enjoyable film since Shrek .
A film that includes contagious music , flamboyant colors and a good message at it 's core . Will delight young ones and convince adults . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's sweet , funny , irreverent and gender-balanced . It has fab tunes and the message about happiness is a great one .
If you like kids ' movies served with a side of po-mo knowingness , as in The Lego Movie and the Jason Segel/Amy Adams Muppets film , you 'll have a great time .
Super cute and filled with sparkly glitter , Trolls drips with positivity , singing and dancing .
Almost pathologically buoyant , this brightly colourful animated comedy is so cheeky that it 's impossible to dislike .
A vibrant , candy-coloured world full of cutesy-but-strong characters that embody happiness and secrete a zest for life , it 's the kind of film young children should be exposed to .
The animation itself is impressively detailed , giving a lo-fi , tactile look to the characters , in keeping with the original toys , while the song choice and vocal performances will tug you in all the right directions despite yourself .
Once the glitter and confetti settles , Trolls dies down to little more than a mound of leftover sparkles .
It deserves to be successful , which will surely mean more instalments . Let 's hope the sequel has a more vegetarian vibe .
Trolls wo n't be considered an animated classic in years to come , but this is genuine all-round family fun .
Threaded with a Cinderella subplot and featuring a poppy mix of musical covers and original songs , Trolls is quality confection for little ones .
Enormous fun .
This entertaining film offers fizzy family fun with a catchy musical number every few minutes and a strong cast that makes the most of their tailor-made characters .
For a comedy about a tribe of manic homunculi with nylon faux-hawks , it 's really got to be counted a pleasant surprise .
Made in iridescent colour , Trolls is a wondrously zany and inane animated feature . Watching it in 3D is like being submerged in candy floss .
The 3D bombardment of tiny , squeaking , pink and blue-haired trolls may prove trying for some parents , although a few good one-liners keep the momentum going .
I suspect that this film is targeted at the home-entertainment 10-year-old-sleepover market .
A sugar coated candy rush of colourful , glittery excess , Trolls is a family movie clearly designed to leave you on the highest of highs .
Coughing , dancing and farting glitter in the faces of anyone without an upside-down frown , this DreamWorks toy-based ` toon is 90 minutes of pure happy .
Not a keeper like ` Frozen ' , but a loveable and giddy guilty pleasure .
Slender as the plot is , chuckles and lysergic colours brighten the odd couple 's jaunt .
With their Day-Glo colours , singing and attitude to hugging , this is probably one of the few animations that will simultaneously appeal to the very young , any parents nostalgic for rave culture and grandparents who tuned in and dropped out .
If the exasperating first half of this film based on the cutesy toy range is a chore to get through , it might just thaw some stone cold hearts by the time Justin Timberlake starts belting out tunes by the end .
It 's undoubtedly the most fun , most colourful and downright cutest film you 'll see this year .
The precision-tooled brilliance of this sort of animation is beginning to wear a little thin . Still , Trolls is a fun enough ride .
Hard to see the film as anything more than a day-glo headache , something that exists principally to sell toys and soundtracks .
Those singing-and-dancing trolls will likely appeal mainly to younger viewers . Older moviegoers might experience a cloyingly sticky sensation that is n't caused by the soda-splattered floor beneath their feet .
Kids should adore it , but do n't let that scare you - the movie is every 3D psychedelic inch a fairy tale for adults .
A peppy CG outing more suited to younger kids than anyone looking for real drama or heart .
The troll scenes offer a mix of neon pastels that suggest someone ate a Lisa Frank store and promptly regurgitated it , while Bergentown features the vast spectrum of tones you might find in a baby 's full diaper .
ntelligently devised in such a way that it 's completely tongue-in-cheek and self-aware , managing to be both self-deprecating and self-referential throughout , and yet will be a huge hit amongst children who lap up the sparkly elements .

@highlight

Trolls brings its instantly recognizable characters to the big screen in a colorful adventure that , while geared toward the younger set , is n't without rewards for parents .