Daddy 's Home 2 is a waste of time . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The jokes were bland and dry ... you 're not going to remember this thing in T-minus one day ... a sequel that 's not as good as the first movie .
The heart of the film is lost by formulaic tendencies and its overbearing insistence on being funny .
Fortunately Daddy 's Home 2 not only has Ferrell and Wahlberg doing their thing that worked well the first time , they have real pros in Lithgow and Gibson to come to the rescue .
This all plays out like it was designed for 9-year-olds , who 'll likely eat it up .
Like the 2015 original , this comedy plays merrily with cliches to tell a silly story that 's funny but never particularly clever . It 's an enjoyable bit of escapist entertainment , mixing some sharp gags in between the more obvious jokes .
This film will have its fans and will find its audience but it did n't offer enough laughs for me .
It 's a tasteless turkey just in time for the holidays .
Nobody 's heart was in this thing , not even the extremely talented cast , who were n't even phoning their performances in , they just sent a quick text from the toilet .
Right in line with its lackluster predecessor ...
Among the performances , all the lead actors show us just why they 're big names in Hollywood - Gibson , especially , stands out for his superb portrayal as the sarcastic , womanising senior dad .
Daddy 's Home 2 is as creatively bankrupt as the 2015 original .
In which alleged domestic abuser Mel Gibson encourages a child to commit sexual assault .
The clash of styles is imminent , as it is , also , its Christmas resolution . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's much more entertaining when crassness is abandoned
Only a few moments generate smiles . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Daddy 's Home 2 not only lives up to its predecessor but also renews the Christmas movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A charismatic comedy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Abusive sentimentality . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Lithgow is a small mercy .
Guaranteed laughs ... but a story destined to be forgotten the moment the audience leaves the movie theater . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gibson could scarcely hope to play a character more like himself if he landed the lead in The Mel Gibson Story .
... forces the repetition of the seminal jokes of his predecessor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sure , the first film in 2015 was a global box-office success , but that does not mean it warrants a sequel - and a lame one at that .
The best that can be said for Daddy 's Home 2 is that it 's slightly less awful than its recent female-led counterpart , A Bad Moms Christmas .
As far as family-friendly seasonal puffery goes it 's a very well-handled , pleasant goof-a-rama .
A derivative and a painfully formulaic follow-up which , apart from offering a few scattered laughs , ca n't seem to find a way to make its set-up fresh enough .
Goes well beyond the typical mindless array of slapstick and humiliation to reach disgusting new depths of coarseness . Not just appalling , but actually dangerous .
A strong contender for the worst Hollywood film of the year , Daddy 's Home 2 is clumsy , dumb and unsavoury .
A weird , misshapen conglomeration of innocuous juvenile yuks , politically incorrect humor and self-aware comedy punches aimed at the fourth wall .
Though one of the new cast members -- John Lithgow as Ferrell 's soft-hearted father -- is a big asset , severe damage is done by another : Mel Gibson as Wahlberg 's macho dad . His grimacing performance as a sexist pig deadens every joke it touches .
If you 're looking for a crowd-pleasing outing in the run-up to Christmas , you could do a lot worse than Daddy 's Home 2 , which sees Mel Gibson and John Lithgow joining the blended family fun for this seasonally themed sequel .
It 's more of the same , and is probably funnier than the first film , but Daddy 's Home 2 is the opposite of subtle and Gibson 's performance is bizarre .
Lithgow and Ferrell deliver a smattering of laughs , but they come with a very bitter aftertaste .
A cynical , synthetic piece of Hollywood production line tat , which reheats the narrative leftovers of an already mediocre domestic comedy about blended families .
The smidge of goodwill earned by the first DH turns to coal in this festive sequel , which goes the Meet The Parents route of wheeling out more big-name elders ...
An overcomplicated family premise and too many different characters to care about , each with their own subplot , means this quickly becomes a patchwork quilt of pratfalls and arguments .
A spectacularly unfunny sequel to the fairly mirthless Mark Wahlberg/Will Ferrell Christmas comedy from 2015 .
There is nothing surprising about this sequel and some of the characters are positively obnoxious ...
Mostly , it generates its laughs -LRB- and in fairness , there are quite a number -RRB- with knockabout visual comedy , which is well executed by a strong cast .
This can be a moderately successful film until Mel Gibson shows up and opens his mouth . Or even just smiles .
Daddy 's Home 2 is a family film only in the sense that it concerns a family . -LRB- It is , in that sense , like the Texas Chain Saw Massacre -RRB- .
It 's a basic rule of entertainment - seemingly ungrasped here - that when Mel Gibson is laughing at something , you are probably not .
-LRB- Daddy 's Home 2 is -RRB- destined for an after-life as an annual Christmas re-run you 'll tune in to by accident , only to end up changing the channel or just going to bed .
Double the dads , but half the laughter .
... Daddy 's Home 2 is for the most part thuddingly unfunny and ultimately obnoxious .
Ferrell and Wahlberg make an odd kind of comic team , since they rarely seem to be acting on the same level : Ferrell can hardly bring himself to be sincere , while Wahlberg can hardly be anything but . Still , the combination works .
With the cast in place , Daddy 's Home 2 embarks on a disconnected series of sketches and situations that could only be described as a plot by someone who 's never looked up the word `` plot '' in a dictionary .
Ferrell fans will enjoy Daddy 's Home 2 but others will find its gloopy sentimentality very hard indeed to digest .
Sadly , the results end up just as lame and lazy as they were in the original , though with a bitter aftertaste -LRB- lessness -RRB- that was never there before .
An unfunny , unpleasant , unabashed cash-in .
Tone-deaf , mean-spirited and woefully unfunny , Daddy 's Home 2 's biggest offence is that it 's being marketed as a family-friendly holiday comedy .
It 's no doubt an entertaining premise , it 's more the execution here that 's in question .
Despite its flaws , Daddy 's Home 2 is extremely watchable and family friendly , with the holiday setting sure to awaken your festive side , but it wo n't deliver a Christmas movie miracle .
Co-fathers Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg are back in one of those we-made-too-much-money-not-to-make-a-sequel-but-we-don ` t-have-any-good-ideas movies .
The sum total is enough good bits to give you a few laughs , but nothing that will stick with you after you leave the theater .
Mean-spirited and toxic , it 's dismal !
It 's possible that Daddy 's Home 2 is one of the more blatantly rancid and painfully ugly comedies I 've ever had the displeasure to sit through .
A dud .
Unfortunately , that zeitgeist-y notion is largely squandered , along with any sense of character , wit or inspiration , in this deeply lazy sequel .
It is funny and touching , full of characters we can all love a little .
Moronic in the extreme . No parts here to salvage .
Watching a Will Ferrell movie for me is almost as painful as a prostate biopsy ... Maybe he and Mark Wahlberg think they are another Laurel and Hardy , but they 're not . For one thing , Laurel and Hardy were funny . But for Mel Gibson this is a zero .
I 'll give Daddy 's Home 2 this , it 's not nearly as soul shockingly abysmal as Farrell 's summer `` comedy , '' The House .
Lacking both good taste and good cheer , it reeks of a cash grab for all involved .
Daddy 's Home 2 is ruined by some horrible casting .
Ferrell , the comic master of this class , carries the heaviest load in the film , as he should and successfully trots out his bag of tricks , including the pratfalls and inappropriate , neurotic and manic behavior .
I do n't mind uninspired films . But outright stealing ?! And not only that , but stealing from a film you are clearly trying to emulate ? Not cool . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A lazy , uninspired sequel that , thanks to Mel Gibson 's participation , leaves a sour taste in one 's mouth .
One wishes writer-director Sean Anders could trust his leads ' crackerjack chemistry to carry the day , instead of leaning on weak fall-down-go-boom antics .
Seen as a pure holiday comedy , Daddy 's Home 2 works fine .
A brazenly lazy sequel that dives headfirst into even more depressing depths than its predecessor , Daddy 's Home 2 relies on sexism and closed-minded thinking .
... the various subplots never really arc , feeling more like stitched-together snippets from '80s sitcoms .
Daddy 's Home 2 operates without memory or shame .
A problematic comedy sequel that 's almost worth sitting through for the incredible cameo in the final scene . Almost .
... `` Daddy 's Home 2 '' still includes plenty of laughs , most of which come from ridiculous and downright stupid incidents . But that does n't stop them being enjoyable .
All right . This time I 'm POSITIVE we 're not going to see a holiday comedy this sour and cynical and profoundly unfunny for a very long time . At least that 's my Christmas wish .
Blended-family sequel has crass humor , iffy messages .
As it is , all Daddy 's Home 2 does is make you appreciate the quality of A Bad Moms Christmas . Which is just tragic .
I found the sequel better than the original-the writing sharper , the jokes fresher and smarter , the comic interaction between the lead characters consistently engaging .
There are moments when it 's deliriously silly and delightful , and others where it misses the mark . And while at times it feels like too many dads , they eventually all learn to `` co-dad , '' in some kind of harmony .
Daddy 's Home 2 is as advertised-that is , a fun family comedy for the holidays .
Daddy 's Home 2 makes me feel sorry for disparaging A Bad Moms Christmas . That movie is still lacking , but at least the filmmakers managed to get the most out of the actors who played the bad grandmas .
Is n't much of a movie , remaining true to Anders 's directorial skill and franchise vision , but there are a few scattered laughs , unlike the first installment , nudging the series in the right direction .
A wonderless , unimaginative humbug of a comedy , one that comes with all the appeal of slushy snow and goes down about as smooth as spoiled eggnog .
It 's fairly harmless as far as these things go , and Gibson , Lithgow and Cena wring a few laughs out of the tired formula . It 's not a great comedy , but it says something about how dire the landscape is when `` just ok '' or `` not awful '' is good enough .
After strings of edgier , R-rated fare for both Ferrell and Wahlberg , its nice to see them settle back into the more-or-less family-friendly , PG-13 grooves of this comedic holiday mojo .
Mel Gibson 's Kurt tries to tell kids a joke about `` two dead hookers '' -LRB- i.e. violence against women -RRB- and mentors his grandson on how to grope .
Apparently unwilling or unable to think of anything new to do with these characters , -LSB- the -RSB- returning screenwriters ... have recycled the old formula ...
Barely a laugh left in this one-joke franchise
Ho-ho-hum ... offers little holiday cheer .
Slightly better than the first , but still pretty awful .
By any standard , every person in the world of Daddy 's Home 2 would be scarred for life by the events in the film . The real happy ending is that no one in the audience has to go home with these people .
Inexplicably , Daddy 's Home 2 seems intent upon taking itself seriously .
Only insurance premiums can say whether we 're in for a Daddy 's Home 3 that adds Dick Van Dyke as Lithgow 's dad and Clint Eastwood as Gibson 's dad .
Sean Anders , the returning director and co-writer -LRB- with Brian Burns and John Morris -RRB- , runs out of gas at the halfway mark .
A colossal waste of time and the moviegoer 's dollars .
` Uncomfortably sinister ' is n't really a selling point in a family-friendly comedy .
It you go , it 'll cost you one hour and 40 minutes . It just seems longer .
Saving the day is Ferrell , who gamely flings himself into all kinds of slapstick .
Anders strings together mayhem-filled moments that just are n't the howlers that they 're clearly scripted to be , never mind the fatherly foursome 's chemistry , or the tobacco-stained guffaws Gibson keeps busting out to sell these bits .
The humour is common-denominator : slapstick accidents , macho men kissing , drunken children , awkward urinal conversations , and gross overuse of the Ethiopian famine relief song , Do They Know It 's Christmas ?
There are exactly two half-decent gags in this tale of feuding patriarchs , but both are immediately cancelled out by the sheer ineptitude and even malice that fuels the production .
Like the passable original , this formulaic comedy ca n't stop teasing the possibility of a funnier , smarter movie being made with the exact premise , central conflicts , and stars .
A boisterously formulaic and designed-by-committee holiday comedy ...
This is a toxic , not at all benign film made for the enjoyment of everyone still oblivious to the fact that this kind of worldview is crashing down in flames even as we speak .
This follow-up to 2015 's dueling-daddies hit does have a few mild chuckles , but not as many as you want .
However mediocre the first film was , this sequel not only makes it seem charming by comparison but gives viewers the dubious gift of a full-on sappy Christmas movie two weeks before Thanksgiving .
If Daddy 's Home -LRB- 2015 -RRB- played like a distant , wayward cousin of Step Brothers , Daddy 's Home 2 , again directed by Sean Anders , is the sort of relative you might disown .
I laughed a total of three times during this witless trudge as it went through its predetermined part-two paces and found myself wishing I was re-watching A Bad Moms Christmas .
Daddy 's Home 2 portrays parenting as the death of manhood , a final surrender to the castrating effects of domesticity .
The silly men should step aside and let the little girl shine .

@highlight

A formulaic comedy that 's unlikely to spread much yuletide merriment , Daddy 's Home 2 can only muster a few stray yuks from its talented cast .