At an epic two and a half hours , this documentary is a little exhausting . But the topic is compelling for anyone who feels compassion for refugees .
Despite the enormous work of the documentation and the production , there 's an obvious imbalance in Human Flow , the documentary equivalent of preaching to the choir ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Full of people , places and data , the film aspires to be a global vision of the refugee problem ... Despite this , and you may know why , it does not have the same impact as the artists 's other work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A necessary and exhausting revision of the global refugee crisis ... 65 million who have fled their countries due to civil wars , extremism , violence , misery or even global warming .
An ambitious amalgam of artist 's film and political documentary , Human Flow is a grand meditation on how to cut through political apathy with solidarity and visual metaphor .
Not only does Human Flow succeed in its awareness-raising quest , but it also becomes exactly what Ai is best known for : a visually striking piece of art that contemplates a vital subject .
Convincingly and compellingly advocates for millions of lives , for action in a world of apathy , and for not only the free movement of people in need , but the flow of humanity towards them .
The problem with Ai Weiwei 's turgid film is that rather than make a convincing documentary that explores an issue , he 's sculpted a piece of artsy agit-prop with stark cinematography , endless shots of dour-looking displaced people and a simplistic agenda .
Its dazzling drone photography sends you gliding over vast expanses of ocean and desert yet the film itself leads to the inescapable conclusion that the world is shrinking .
What he shows us is tragic and horrifying , but he offers no possible solutions and nothing much in the way of analysis .
Ai Weiwei 's epic study of the ever-worsening refugee crisis was shot in 23 countries over the course of a year , and while it differs from many this is nevertheless among the most moving and devastating chronicles of life you 'll see in 2018 .
A humane documentary that opts to spread itself across many different countries and dramatise a visually immersive , ground-level viewpoint of the refugee crisis .
While not strictly a documentary in its purest form , the end result is still a striking piece of reportage .
Ai 's subjects remain nameless and voiceless , viewed en masse . He often seems to overlook individuals in his attempt to underline the almost unimaginable magnitude of this crisis .
WeiWei and others in the film suggest it is a battle for the soul of Europe , if not the entire world . It 's hard to imagine any empathetic person watching the film not feeling the same way .
It 's an ambitious , expansive project , and it 's clear that Weiwei has poured his heart and soul into it so that we can see the hearts and souls of the millions affected by this devastation .
It 's vividly and powerfully illustrated , with Weiwei 's striking aesthetic sensibilities pouring through but it fails to conjure the method of storytelling that would pay the topic the attention it deserves .
Human Flow is just an indulgent art work that will get a limited cinema release .
It takes an activist artist like Ai Weiwei to make the issue feel so abstract and intimate at the same time , as we encounter crowds from overhead and individuals in close-up .
Whatever its occasional flaws ... Human Flow must be seen , reminding us of our common , if fractured , humanity .
It 's a conventional and thoughtful documentary .
A brave and valuable film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Ai fills his film with impressive , elegant aerial drone shots of the numberless refugee encampments around the world . He truly shows the enormity of the migrant crisis , which is both a strength and a weakness for Human Flow .
Next time you feel sorry for yourself for a broken air conditioner , think of how much better off you are than the tens of millions of people chased from their homes , escaping from war , famine and poverty . Devastating .
Ai Weiwei might be best known for his sculptures and installations , but with Human Flow he has created a masterpiece that truly captures the humanity at the heart of the global refugee crisis .
This movie offers no solution to this problem . It merely shows us what the problem is . It appears that as long as governments can get away with forcing people out of their cities without paying for the consequences , this problem is not going away .
... Human Flow , despite its efforts and comprehensiveness , is at best a sketch ...
You may be tempted to avoid such bracing reality altogether or look away when confronted , but do not do so . Look , embrace , ponder and maybe even act upon what is presented .
... seeks to put a face to the unimaginable scope of refugee populations worldwide .
At times , the cinematography is so beautiful there 's a risk of overlooking the misery it depicts .
Ai 's long series of desolate vistas is more exhausting than seems necessary . Still , there 's much to be said for a film that gives such a strong sense of how vast the refugee problem is .
Through brief but intimate exchanges , Ai brings the individuals behind the statistics into focus .
Beautifully filmed testimonies that tear at your soul .
The scattershot and lengthy documentary does n't attempt to be a news report ... but the cumulative impact of its often haunting images brings home the plight of millions of the world 's people .
Difficult , but hugely important film-making .
It is sombre and -LRB- to risk a rather pompous word -RRB- necessary viewing .
Ai Weiwei 's magnificent documentary stands as a companion piece to the BBC 's series , Exodus : Our Journey To Europe .
I 'm clobbered into silent despair by the numbers and the overwhelming scale of the challenge they represent .
An ambitious , humane and often shocking cine-essay on the subject of migrants and the 21st century migrant condition .
A powerful portrait of horror , hope and humanity emerges .
Although maybe a little naive in places , this is an unflinching record of a cry of anguish that has to be heard and acted upon . Everyone needs to see this .
Weiwei turns feature documentarist to portray the global landslide - the molten movement of human masses - that is today 's historical moment and reality .
Human Flow reflects the world as human beings have created it , but when truth is combined with Ai Weiwei 's aesthetic sensibility , the result is an examination of the current crisis of hope .
Heartbreaking and at the same time necessary . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Far from the temptation of anecdotes , -LSB- Human Flow -RSB- is constructed as a mosaic of personal and community histories , with the strength of the a present that is forged every day before our eyes . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film exalts the humanitarian task and exposes critical situations in many areas of the planet . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... Loaded with information , Human Flow fulfills the mission of depicting an exhaustive situation ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An artist with an international reputation , Ai takes a sweeping , often heart-breaking look at the throngs of people who , through no fault of their own , have been dislocated .
The imagery encourages viewers to adopt a global perspective in considering the subject matter .
It does not browbeat or preach , it simply shows , and what it shows is overwhelming .
Ai 's goal with the film is simple yet profound , and his method of accomplishing that goal is straightforward but elaborate .
Human Flow 's visual and storytelling beauty is sorrowful and arresting and it successfully manages to capture the sheer magnitude of the problem at hand .
A film so necessary when Muslims and other non-Ayran peoples are being demonized by white supremacists like Donald Trump for the crime of trying to flee war and economic disaster .
Ai 's film becomes more digressive than discursive . Rather than contending with the information saturation around the crisis , Human Flow falls prey to it . Footage is layered without clear logic , poetic or narrative .
Ai , in his own unsubtle way , dares us to ask ourselves what 's become of empathy and humanity .
The transgression of borders by an endless storm of exiles not only exposes violence and the state of emergency in various parts of the globe , but the perpetual quest to preserve life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A stunning , provocative meditation on the state of a world in which such a staggering number of men , women and children are without a state , home or basic human dignity .
Watching the film is like seeing a portrait of the human soul as it is being systematically reduced in size -- not the soul of the international refugee , but everybody 's collective soul .
... the intense physicality of his images-sometimes harsh but often filled with mystery-puts you in their places as surely as anything by Terrence Malick or Steven Spielberg .
We never remain long enough with any one person to get more than a cursory idea of their story , and so over the course of the film 's 140 minute runtime , we end up with a sense of the crisis as a tragedy , yes , but a choral , abstract one .
Sometimes too beautiful for its subject ... but Ai Weiwei 's artistry does n't obscure the size or urgency of the problem on which he focuses ... the great human tragedy of our time .
The film is all the more powerful for being so calm and unhurried . Ai does n't castigate or preach . He does n't have to . The facts , the images , speak for themselves . Instead , he bears witness .
The critical acclaim is well-warranted-aside from its aesthetic beauty , the film 's breadth is a feat in itself , drawn from years of reporting and over 900 hours of footage shot in 23 countries .
Human Flow is another example of how visionary filmmaking can make the bleak beautiful .
It is a moving and thought provoking document about a global catastrophe the will only grow unless something is done . Whatever happens , `` the mothers will cry . ''
As tragically serious as this is , the kindness of aid workers and the spirit of the displaced persons are inspirational in this calm , haunting documentary .
Ai Weiwei has made something beautiful : Human Flow is neither indulgent nor pedantic , but clear-eyed in its view of the enormity of the crisis too vast for most of us to comprehend .
Ai 's message is clear ; the refugee crisis may take the form of faceless millions , but each pixel in that image of misery is a human being . It 's a lesson worth remembering , and reflecting on .
The film bears the mark of the artist . Ultimately , though , it is more an activist 's than an artist 's film , a plea for international co-operation as countries retreat behind border walls and fences
Beyond its value as a documentary , it 's a statement of principle .
An artful , solemn globe-hop epic of the refugee crisis with an unfortunate cast of millions .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei 's documentary Human Flow captures the plight of millions of refugees around the world -- and does so with images that are by turns disturbing and luminous .
It is the most strikingly beautiful and vividly moving account of international borders and those fated to cross them that has ever been recorded .
While the constant stream of jaw-dropping imagery can sometimes feel like a case of Too Much Information , the sheer macro power of the visuals packs a wallop .
Solutions would be welcome , but it 's not really the fault of the film for not having the answers . Human Flow at least opens the tap for global inspection .
As reported in Ai Weiwei 's mesmerizing new documentary , the Human Flow is steady and seemingly relentless .
Weiwei does n't break any new ground in covering the global refugee crisis , but he vividly illustraes - in straightforward yet artistic terms - the scale of the problem without compromising the dignity or humanity of the survivors .
Moving , captivating , and beautifully-shot .
A meditative and visually stunning overview of the plight of refugees around the world .
`` Human Flow '' definitely provides the vehicle to promote the conversation regarding this growing crisis .
Ai -LSB- Weiwei -RSB- clearly wants to take a macro view of an impossible problem , to find some clarity in abstraction . But whenever he just talks to the refugees face to face , we learn more than any drone shot could tell us .
... commendable as much for its exhaustive scope as for its thought-provoking message .
Human Flow leaves us wondering what will become of this lost generation , stranded without home or schooling or work , if or when they run out of hope and turn to anger or despair .
But Ai has failed in the most important mission of an artist : to make us question the world we live in . What Human Flow does n't do is make us ask why we have a world that has produced so many refugees in the first place .
Ai is intent on contrasting the intimate with the intimidating . The sheer mass , the never-ending flow , threatens to overwhelm us . And that , one suspects , is the decisive point .
A towering achievement from one of the world 's foremost champions of human rights . Its subject matter may be overwhelmingly bleak , but its call for unity is profoundly invigorating .
This movie , a testament to the power of seeing , provides a long and uncommonly vivid look at a human crisis that 's changing the face of our planet .
Mr. Ai 's ambition in `` Human Flow '' is as expansive as his reach and his apparently deep-pocketed resources .
The film is long ... but the cumulative effect is not exhaustion or boredom , but rather sorrow and outrage at the violence , economic despair and persecution - whether religious , ethnic or political - that have driven these people from their homes .
Human Flow is possibly the most visually resplendent piece of nonfiction cinema you will see this year .
Human Flow does not pretend to reinvent the form and other documentaries are more artfully constructed , yet in its urgent mission not just to shock us into action but to humanise those affected , it is entirely successful .
In this respect , Human Flow stuns : It reveals the full breadth of a catastrophe that we might usually think of as piecemeal .
There have been a number of gripping `` you are there '' films about refugees over the past few years , but Human Flow distinguishes itself from the pack with how handsome it looks .
Ai simply bears witness in a film that , like many of his sculptural pieces , establishes a creative tension between its giant scale and its individual pieces .
Cinema may be a machine designed to produce empathy , but this is the rare film that reckons with how hard it can be to sustain it .
This is angry , thoughtful , straightforward activist journalism : blunt , simple and impossible to ignore .
With its epic scale and global reach , Human Flow is a powerful testament to a shameful crime against humanity .
Ai Weiwei 's camera shows us the enormity of the problem - now it 's our turn to do something .
There 's nothing especially distinctive about the package , nothing to tell you this is the work of the most recognizable living artist of the moment .
As DeMillean in scope as it is radical in its call to compassion , it 's basically The Ten Commandments of dissident art .
-LSB- A -RSB- long , engrossing , visually stunning documentary ...
Films rarely fit their titles as snugly as Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei 's ambitious , timely documentary survey of the worldwide refugee crisis .

@highlight

Epic in scope yet clear-eyed and intimate , Human Flow offers a singularly expansive -- and sobering -- perspective on the global refugee crisis .