Midnight Sun is ... hokey , never missing the chance to tug at the heartstrings with a mawkish tune , a tearful hug , or a scene of selfless kindness .
Midnight Sun is nothing else but a young adult romance with nothing interesting to offer . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The emotional manipulation -LSB- Midnight Sun -RSB- wants to subject us to is crude . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Midnight Sun -RSB- is one of the sweetest young adult romance films in the last few years . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The ending of Midnight Sun is more of an eyeroller than a tearjerker . This film will have a very particular audience , and you 'll know if you 're a member of it . If not , stay away .
An underwhelmingly acted , earnest teen romance .
Everything in Midnight Love resonates with the cover of a romantic novel updated to the Instagram era . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The two leads try hard to behave like a very much in love couple but are somehow unconvincing in their portrayal . It does n't come out as natural , the effort is showing .
Forced to act beside this handsome stick of furniture , Bela Thorne , who sings bland songs and delivers blander dialogue as Katy Price , comes across as the reincarnation of both Barbara Stanwyck and Judy Garland . She 's grand . She 'll survive .
A touch of realism would have been nice but probably as feasible as the movie title .
I 'm a sucker for romance when the shoe fits , and a lot of disappointment came from this film 's heavy-handedness . What positive vibes the movie did create were wiped away by the need to produce dramatic finality with cliché-ridden narratives .
One is forced to suppress actual groans .
The story and its little revelations and twists all unfold exactly as expected , with a lot more pushy sentimentality than was required . This means that there wo n't be a moist eye in the house .
This time , the threat is a relatively novel one - xeroderma pigmentosum , which makes its sufferers unable to withstand sunlight - but it 's presented in the same beautified way cancer traditionally is in these films .
Cheesy as they come , Scott Speer 's film does hold its ground to the end .
A disappointing production which could have benefited from a better screenplay .
Laughably predictable , far too tempered to generate any tearjerking stakes worth caring about .
Midnight Sun is an overwrought and contrived weepy teen dramedy that becomes cumbersome and cliché-ridden within the first ten minutes .
Corny , contrived and something of a `` meh '' movie that will principally appeal to those who like a good , old sob .
The `` sick lit '' genre gets a crushingly bad new addition ... spectacularly uninspired stuff .
The storytelling is so soft-centred that it has melted into mush long before Katie is exposed to those lethal sun rays .
That being said , whatever a midnight sun actually is , its rays are pretty weak .
The film just feels so overtly cinematic , and yet not necessarily in an endearing way .
It is a genetically modified sobfest , in which terminal illness looks like just another Instagram filter .
With modest production values throughout , `` Midnight Sun '' feels like four or five episodes of a pretty good drama on the WB network in 1997 . In other words , something you used to get for free .
The authentic Sparks movies at least tend to be howlers , with shamelessly overcomplicated narratives and risible twists . Midnight Sun , on the other hand , is straightforward and trite .
A preposterous film so insufferably adorable and frightfully melodramatic that viewers will find themselves confused as to which reflex to stifle : The urge to howl , or the one to hurl .
Midnight Sun is cheesy and implausible and manipulative , but it did chip away at my cynicism through the sheer force of its corny and sincere heart .
This is a movie designed to get people to cry . It 's just too bad it has to default to a heavy life-or-death plot twist to achieve a legitimate emotional connection .
Although its two photogenic teenage leads generate some decent chemistry and charm , that alone ca n't save this aggressively sentimental romance .
A sentimental soap opera guaranteed to make you weep in spite of yourself .
In slapsticky moments , you can tell she 's working overtime to spark something , anything , but nothing catches fire in this Midnight Sun .
Someone does one of these a year . A teen girl , or guy , or both a girl and a guy are n't immune to a disease and are dying . Unlike the target audience , I am immune .
Bathetic and corny , and more suitable for a young people 's cable TV channel than the big screen .
Save your money and your tissues .
Tear-jerking romance is mild except for teen partying .
It 's a movie about a love-struck teen who ca n't go outside or else she 'll get a tumor , and it 's every bit as over-the-top , melodramatic , and badly acted as an actual teen romance . I kind of loved it .
None of the film rings remotely true , especially the cornball conclusion , but the two young leads are so darn attractive and appealing that one ca n't help being caught up in their characters ' poignant romance .
Under the limp direction of Scott Speer , `` Midnight Sun '' suffocates its sentimental script , portraying passion without wonder , sacrifice without ecstasy .
Schwarzenegger 's chief skills are leaning against things , looking confused and having good hair , while Thorne struggles to convincingly lip sync .
The trouble is n't just that `` Midnight Sun '' cherry-picks the most poetic elements of a real-world disease to serve its transparently manipulative ends , but that it offers audiences such an unrealistic portrait of romance in the process .
Adolescent girls -LRB- and boys , too -RRB- are entitled to teen-tragedy tear-jerkers , those Kleenex-soaking tales of the fragility of life and love in an uncaring universe . But that audience deserves better than Midnight Sun .
Slick , familiar but affecting romantic tearjerker .
Midnight Sun does what it means to do for the people it means to do it for-and that might just be enough .
A soapy YA romance that 'll have you yearning for gritty edge of Twilight .
Midnight Sun is a Nicholas Sparks-esque film that goes for comedy until the melodrama heats up in the third act .
Throughout , Midnight Sun 's tone vacillates jarringly between corny , broad humor and unrestrained treacle .
Ah , it 's another ` teen falling in love while dying beautifully ' romance . When it is n't sappy and predictable , it does n't make a whole lot of sense . Its young couple is perfectly charming , though .
It is slightly offensive that the script is only making use of a horrible disease like XP to bring audiences to tears , and no , a card during the end credits letting everyone know that it is a real condition is not enough justification
Midnight Sun is the sort of saccharine , tragic romance that both draws out the inevitable and dodges the reality of terminal illness .
If you 're old enough to remember `` A Walk to Remember , '' there 's little here worth skipping `` This is Us '' to go see this . Ah , but if you 're a dewy-eyed teen , just remember to bring a tissue .
It 's as sanitized and closed-off as the carefully sealed room where Katie spends most of her days .

@highlight

Midnight Sun is a typically manipulative and contrived teen romance that 's unfortunately distinguished by its offensively inaccurate portrayal of a real-life disease .