Confirmation continues a conversation in which millennial viewers are given a chance to reevaluate , on their own terms , some of the most heavily scapegoated female figures of the '90s .
Historic Clarence Thomas/Anita Hill retelling is intense .
HBO 's original film about the 1991 Clarence Thomas hearings is a quietly powerful portrait of institutional dysfunction in the face of an uncomfortable truth .
The poster suggests `` it only takes one voice to change history '' , but beyond title card lip service at film 's end , they never explore this claim .
The proceedings riveted America and brought sexual harassment and workplace equality into the forefront of our conversation . Of course we know how this case ends too ... but that does n't make reliving it any less fascinating , or important .
Save for a few scenes that feel like overkill just to give us a little bit more intrigue and suspense , Confirmation feels true to the spirit of the events , which were bizarre , unsettling - and undeniably entertaining .
... for all the problems Confirmation faces , its forceful leads are what make this a worthwhile one-time viewing .
The case for Anita Hill -- and all the unknown Anita Hills -- is argued persuasively in `` Confirmation , '' a dutiful , solidly entertaining drama that effectively stirs the viewer 's righteous indignation .
Beyond the cultural pop , it is also an engaging film with strong writing , sure-handed direction , superb editing and outstanding performances from Washington and Pierce .
In revisiting the hearing 25 years after it happened , Confirmation offers a chance to consider its impact , and what it lacks in stylistic verve , it makes up for with methodical storytelling .
Washington 's performance so thoroughly captures the degree to which Hill did not seek or desire such a status , it 's difficult to imagine that Anita Hill sees herself as the proud crusader the film would like to leave us with .
Yet despite its tantalizing subject matter , Confirmation is surprisingly flat and uninspired , in every way that it should n't be in 2016 .
The TV film , directed by Rick Famuyiwa , succeeds , as most HBO films do , on the casting alone .
A well-made movie about a sensational moment in history that aims for the detached authority of a news report .
Confirmation is a sleek but superficial retelling of the Senate judiciary hearings that gets weighed down by the sheer mass of detail .
Filled with affecting and nuanced performances , Confirmation is an upsetting film to watch , hitting far too close to the bone to feel like a period piece about a regrettable moment from which we have learned .
Confirmation fails to do itself any favors , inadvertently arguing against its very existence as a standalone film .
What 's most admirable about the film is the person who 's been pushing for its creation the longest . Kerry Washington brings a beautifully reserved presence to Hill without stripping her of any bravery .
In spite of all the behind-the-scenes tension , the film often lacks a vital spark . Famuyiwa directs it like a middlebrow prestige picture , all tasteful compositions and somber music . It 's reserved and dignified , but not creatively staged .
Washington 's performance is fortifying , especially during the scenes of the Senate testimony , in which the actress speaks in the authentically halting delivery of Hill 's nervous voice .
Confirmation , like those hearings , settles nothing . The film 's coda suggests the country has come a long way . That , along with everything else here , will give viewers plenty to talk about .
With a cast so formidable , it 's almost a shame Confirmation is n't a story that could have been expanded to series length . But it 's a story worth telling , one about the kind of quiet heroism that does n't always translate well to the screen .
Grant and Famuyiwa , with their dependence on famous names and talking heads , prove incapable of achieving character depth , atmosphere , or intellectual nuance . Instead , this turning-point cultural event falls into the maw of TV sensationalism .
It 's a fine drama , with excellent performances .
It weighs on the viewer 's conscience .
The sting of Confirmation is n't how poorly the system worked then ; it 's how little things have changed since .
What keeps Confirmation watchable are vivid performances by a terrific cast . Washington - freed from the overacting mandate that seems part of the Scandal cast playbook - is subtle and moving as Hill .
There is nothing about Confirmation that 's transformative , but it 's solid work about an important moment in our history . And for TV purposes , it 's a work that allows Washington to show what a fine actor she can be .
An interesting reminder of an earlier political debacle , Confirmation likely will confirm whatever biases a viewer brings to it : Hill was railroaded ; the filmmakers are in the tank for Hill -LRB- those two positions are not mutually exclusive -RRB- .
Confirmation is not nearly as nuanced as the recent O.J. Simpson trial docudrama on FX . It 's also much shorter and more reliant on news footage . But it similarly revives memories of a wild media/cultural/political flashpoint .
Washington captures Hill nicely - her reticence , in particular .
Confirmation connects most of the dots of those times while falling short of the dramatic impact left by FX 's O.J. Simpson miniseries .
Fortunately , Confirmation benefits from superior performances by Kerry Washington as Hill , Bill Irwin as Thomas advocate Sen. John Danforth and Greg Kinnear as Biden . Each actor elevates Grant 's pro forma script .
Confirmation succeeds in making us re-examine attitudes from the vantage point of a quarter century , and also in reminding us that politics is an ugly business .
Confirmation is not a particularly good production , but it is gripping .
As Confirmation winds down , the frustrated Hill camp is a picture of weary resignation , looking as if their efforts were all for naught . But somewhere out there , an angry feminist storm was gathering , and you can feel the changes coming in Confirmation .
Confirmation is really Affirmation . Little here challenges - or deepens - the record .
We may never know who was telling the truth , but there 's no denying the ramifications , too deep and wide to fit on a T-shirt .
Confirmation need n't engage in hyperbole or excessive dramatization to feel relevant and shed light on the system , then and now . That adds up to a `` Yea '' vote for a movie that , frankly , pretty much had it at hello .
Washington and Pierce never yield the floor , giving Emmy-worthy performances that are at the heart of this film . You can see the difficulties in each of their faces in the glare of the fireworks exploding all around them .
Onscreen , Hill tells the Senate that she only wants its members to `` fully consider this information ... and take this seriously . '' Decades later , a medium newly inspired by complex stories of social justice has accepted her challenge .
Confirmation goes for something more dispassionate and even with the fine acting and a great built-in story , delivers something less enlightening and less enjoyable .

@highlight

Stellar performances and gripping subject matter help Confirmation overcome production values that occasionally feel as dated as the infamous real-life case it covers .