The movie is one of the freshest , most original pictures to come out of Hollywood in a long time .
I have been blown away by this movie ... and not in a good way .
-LSB- Jonathan -RSB- Demme plays with the style like a new toy , but the sensibility recalls his early ensemble films . He brings an inclusiveness and a sense of community to the film and gives characters we may only meet once a lived-in quality .
Aside from this lovely façade of racial harmony , your picture is really just another trite chick flick about sisterhood .
If your image of Anne Hathaway is still that of a cute ingénue , then you 'll be shocked by her blistering performance as a wayward junkie emerging from rehab to attend her sister 's wedding in Jonathan Demme 's documentary-style family drama
It 's a common tale told like we 've never heard it before . It 's the melodrama Robert Altman never got to make . It 's wonderful .
Like a family reunion with its share of embarrassing moments , it may be worth attending all the same .
Rachel Getting Married is an extraordinary achievement .
Scarily real .
Pulsates with life
Like being forced to sit through an overly long wedding video in the living room of a couple you hardly even know .
Kym crashes through her family and the weekend , careening off real and imaginary obstacles with a fierce yet still sympathetic rancor . It 's the home movie you hope never to see of your life , impeccably filled with color and on-set live music and life and
Only those who are willing to forego the many imperfections in the loosey-goosey script and Demme 's improvisational style will feel the acting makes the film worth seeing .
By the time the Ganesha cake is cut , you 're left with the poodle as the only family member worthy of empathy .
The messiness that goes with genuinely flawed and complex people is what makes the film ring so true and cut so deep .
Most noteworthy for Anne Hathaway 's absorbing , Oscar-nominated portrayal of a disturbed soul desperate to control the demons derailing her reality .
It 's a lovely movie , with abundant charm and no fear of suffering .
... an alternatingly intriguing and maddening cinematic experience ...
This is n't the kind of melodrama where a happy facade is slowly torn away-the tensions are there from the start and no one has illusions that things are nice and rosy .
The only real surprise is that someone does n't break into `` Burning Down the House '' at the rehearsal dinner .
Jonathan Demme has struck a brilliant balance here , delivering a film that looks , sounds and feels painfully honest , while making it entertaining as well as deeply truthful .
The screenplay is fairly standard and even has a few cracks in it , but this film does have exceptional performances . Those performances lift this film above mediocrity .
The pace never slackens , the prattle is relentless . And in the end I was moved .
Consegue estabelecer , através do recorte de apenas um fim-de-semana na vida de seus personagens , um retrato profundamente complexo e tocante das relações entre os integrantes de uma família marcada pela tragédia .
Those who surrender to Demme 's disarming , almost participatory technique will find themselves overwhelmed , exhilarated and inspired by the eternal possibilities of cinema .
A wedding invitation I was very happy to have accepted .
The film 's only drawback is that , like Kym , it does n't know when to stop . The intimate feel of a home movie is uniformly matched by an over-indulgent running time .
Hathaway 's performance has been deservedly nominated for an Oscar . Whether or not she wins , here 's hoping the associated kudos saves her from ever having to do another Bride Wars .
Demme ... allows events to meander at times , but his cast is deft and emotionally direct .
I went with it most of the way .
You wo n't always love these characters . But you 'll always love watching them .
It 's good to see Anne Hathaway challenged in an emotionally dense role and here she gives a star turn as the vulnerable Kym whose despicable behaviour is a cry for help
Like the guest who 's overstayed his welcome by a week , the camera simply ca n't take a clue when it 's time to move on . Presenting Runaway Bride 's sequel : ` Runaway Bridal Party . '
Demme has made two of my favorite films , Philadelphia and Melvin and Howard as well as the classic The Silence of the Lambs . In his latest movie Rachel Getting Married , the lambs never stop bleating . And they 're dysfunctional .
Wandering aimlessly , it immerses the viewer in a never-ending series of song and dance , wedding toasts , and family feuds .
Hathaway does well enough and one can understand Kym attempting to kill herself in the family car before happily returning to rehab . At the end , I felt like entering the Priory for a schmaltz detox .
Demme 's watchful approach reveals that even Kym has a good side . Weddings are rarely quite as calamitous as Rachel 's , but they are often events at which tensions are overcome and embarrassments forgiven .
Anne Hathaway 's overrated , but Rosemarie DeWitt ? There 's an Oscar waiting to happen .
One of Hollywood 's forgotten masters and one of its brightest new actresses team for what could well be an Oscar wild card .
Those who surrender to Demme 's disarming , almost participatory technique will find themselves overwhelmed , exhilarated and inspired by the eternal possibilities of cinema .
Anne Hathaway turns up at some nice lady 's wedding and rudely upstages her and the proceedings .
If anyone can claw the Oscar statuette from Kate Winslet 's eager hands , it 's likely to be Anne Hathaway for her brittle , emotionally ragged performance as a recovering drug addict .
I found these heart-on-sleeve sequences really charming and open , and the people in them looked like real human beings and not actors - overemotional , perhaps , but overemotional in the way real people are at real weddings .
It 's not Demme 's most polished film , granted - but dysfunction is all the more piercing when you do n't put a gloss on it .
You 'll be very glad you were invited because this is a friendly , unpretentious bash , with not a meringue dress in sight . The speeches are funny , the music is ace and the mood falls just the right side of sentimental mushiness .
Like any real wedding , it 's fraught with tension and acts as a catalyst to ignite simmering tensions .
Admirers of the film will find it Altmanesque . I found it messy , unstructured and old hat .
Packed with wry humour , decent performances and with a deep understanding of what makes our relatives so wonderful and exasperating at the same time .
This is a film you 'll probably love and hate in equal measure .
The film , like the shindig , ends up dissolving in a schmaltzy brew of make-do-and-mend , complete with a sari-clad wedding accompanied by multi-ethnic music , whose PC touchy-feeliness one hopes is a joke but fears is not .
It 's Altman-esque , in good and bad ways , though by the end I confess I felt like the traditional mother of the bride , my eyes filling up helplessly even as I begged , `` no more '' .
Cathartic , uplifting and lacking the earnestness that Hollywood ladles over addiction movies , this beautifully wrought piece is a joy .
It 's a tough but rewarding watch .
Director Jonathan Demme , who says he wanted to make `` the most beautiful home movie ever made '' , did n't rehearse scenes before filming . He and Hathaway , as much as Lumet , deserve praise for creating a pariah at once close-to-home and unique .
This is a film not to be enjoyed , but to be admired mostly for its solid acting .
Though the revelations it builds towards may seem a little obvious , Demme 's deeply humane -LRB- and often very funny -RRB- film ensures they never feel anything less than true .
Anne is okay , much stronger performances by Rosemary Dewitt , Tunde Adembimpe & Bill Irwin . Lush , rich , cultural music spices already fresh , alive family gathering scenes .
I do n't usually fall for it when an actor or actress deglams , yet Anne Hathaway redeems the practice here .
Demme may be aiming at an inclusive message about the modern balm of family love - it all seems a little forced , emotions regimented by therapy-speak and aching political correctness .
The undercurrent of love fights with the overcurrent of resentment in Rachel Getting Married , a movie incredibly alive , honest , and messy .
Good acting lifts the film above the din of dysfunction , but just barely .
Anne Hathaway shatters her `` Princess Diaries '' past for good with Rachel Getting Married
Demme keeps a close eye on his shaggy family drama and , by assembling it , creates a platform for numerous natural performers to shine .
Among moments of humor and heartbreaking beauty ... the twinned performances of Hathaway and DeWitt shine .
Better to spend some time with Rachel at the wedding than with Margot at the Wedding .
Rachel Getting Married is one of the most alive things you 'll see all year .
The film succeeds where -LSB- Margot at the Wedding -RSB- failed for several reasons , most notably a remarkably intimate spirit ; a tone that rings true through comedy , tragedy and back again ; great , great music from start to finish ; and an amazing , career-best perf
Ultimately , this is a performance piece , and Demme has brought out the best of his cast of fine actors gaining award-worthy turns .
A sometimes-brilliant film that can barely stand under the weight of its self-inflicted festoonery of doo-daddery .
Demme 's capturing of the communal spirit of weddings and harsh reunions creates something quite honest and refreshing , with an unusual energy that more films could use .
Hathaway 's Kym strikes like a venomous snake when her demons are provoked , and yet she never lets go of the guilt that makes her believe she deserves the loathing ...
The dramatic moments do make an impact , and the tears they draw from you will scald .
The plot sounds like a downer , but it culminates in a dreamily exuberant wedding-and-reception scene . By examining the slow and incomplete , but true , power of pure rehabilitative strength and forgiveness , this is one of the very best films of 2008 .
... perfectly calibrates the gradual revealing of the family dynamics , while dragging you through a gamut of strong emotions -- not necessarily the most enjoyable experience .
... you feel you 've spent some time with three-dimensional characters , rather than a houseful of cardboard cutouts .
Even Hathaway 's remarkable , Oscar-worthy performance ca n't save it .
Rosemary Dewitt is fantastic .
It so perfectly captures the rhythms and ribaldry of a long nuptial weekend that by the time it 's over you 'd swear you were one of the guests .
Anne Hathaway is the only reason to witness the rambling Rachel Getting Married .
That 's the miraculous thing about Demme 's beautiful , harrowing , and utterly humane film -- that for long stretches it does n't feel like a movie at all , but like a document of someone else 's real life .
Given to jarring shifts between lucid insight and cataclysmic meltdowns , Hathaway makes Kym seem like a real person rather than a cartoonish concoction .
Demme focuses on family as the place where , when you have no where else to go , they have to take you in . The emotional force from the characters is of hurricane strength .
From one masterstroke after another , -LSB- Demme -RSB- builds a portrait of a resilient family . Yet nothing in it is studied or self-conscious . This director never sweats the small stuff . He treasures it .
It 's a superb achievement , and Demme 's best foray into fiction since The Silence of the Lambs .
Parental Content Review
The comedy-drama not only boasts what might be -LSB- Hathaway 's -RSB- best big-screen performance , it 's one of the best things she 's appeared in so far .
Has an improvised , documentary feel that jibes beautifully with the characters ' own , often fumbling attempts to find the right form for their affections .
There 's so much joy in this movie ... and also such pain .
Rachel Getting Married is Ordinary People turned inside out .
It 's no coincidence that Hathaway 's character arrives at her pregnant sister 's wedding ` nine months clean , ' a gestation period that has given birth to -- what ?
Solid proof that a groundbreaking setup is n't necessary when intense , lived-in performances , impeccable timing and sharp , realistic dialogue are at hand .
Rachel Getting Married is a magical wallow in excess , a too-happy , too-sad , too-indulgent plunge into an over-planned wedding .
A life - and love-affirming work of artistry and compassion .
It 's a successful experiment that leaves you with a mix of hope and despair . To the lovers , best wishes . To the lonely , our sympathies .
By the time you leave the theater , you feel like you were one of the guests . I , for one , was happy for the invitation .
Hathaway 's thin-skinned performance , full of hurt , anger and desire for acceptance , transfixes throughout .
Letting the movie breathe is the key to knowing the subtleties of Kym and her family . Lumet 's plotting may not be clever , but her characterization is , and the actors are up to the task .
Although Anne Hathaway delivers a haunting performance , it 's an invitation you might consider declining - until the dvd .
The movie compares not to other movies but to life . That 's how it gets under the skin and why it 's a breakthrough for Hathaway , who so skillfully evokes the paradoxically comforting and dissociating regression of returning to a messy nest .
At first I was n't buying it , but the actors , especially Hathaway , turn what could have been a contrived story into an intriguing character study .
No doubt it was fun assembling so many close associates , but like Kym , Demme does n't know when enough is enough for those who are n't part of the family circle .
The question before us is : When exactly did Jonathan Demme lose his sense of humor ?
Hathaway vaults several stages along in her career with an intense yet sympathetic turn as the deeply-troubled , acid-tongued Kym .
Superbly directed , emotionally engaging drama with a terrific central performance from Anne Hathaway .
In case you are n't sufficiently annoyed by the real weddings you ca n't wiggle out of , meet Rachel Buchman and her problem-child sister Kym .
Rachel Getting Married is at its best in scenes featuring Hathaway 's mercurial character . It 's a triumphant and darkly nuanced role for her and a departure from the more lighthearted comedic performances she has given .
Hathaway , DeWitt , Irwin and especially Winger are working at a very high level . So is their director . His intuition regarding how to film this particular milestone event , and the stories unfolding in the margins , turned out to be just right .
A minor work , but so menaced by distress that the characters take every opportunity to dance the dark away .
A filmmaker for nearly 35 years , -LSB- Demme -RSB- has both the experience and the temperament to be a hang-loose perfectionist with this kind of off-the-cuff yet pointed material .
Rachel Getting Married has the sense to recognize that it only takes one lunatic to throw a family gathering out of kilter ; this is not an exercise in competitive crazy like last year 's irritating Margot at the Wedding .
The film is Demme-esque , harking back to the darkness and emotional complexity of The Silence of the Lambs and the madcap energy of Something Wild .
Despite the jittery look , it reminded me of one of those talky '50s melodramas where people crack jokes while their hearts break .
It 's Hathaway 's extraordinary performance that is the film 's brightest accomplishment .
Rachel Getting Married is a portrait of a family reeling with pain and resentment -- and rising to the challenge of dealing with it head-on .
-LSB- Demme -RSB- brings a hand-held non-fiction sensibility that transforms what might have been yet another train-wreck bridal melodrama ... into an abrasive but impossibly moving document of loss .
This is an amazing movie ... the best work from Mr. Demme since his classic Something Wild .
Jonathan Demme 's brilliant new film is messy the way life is messy . Its power sneaks up on you .
The much-hyped Rachel Getting Married is an ambitous melding of the wedding movie and the my-sister 's - a-nightmare movie
Bravo to Demme , Lumet , and three extraordinary actresses .
Demme 's shaky-cam I 'm - not-trying approach actually screams the opposite , but scriptwriter Jenny Lumet and a terrific cast credibly transport you into the middle of a family maelstrom anyway .
A fractured American family that 's bracingly honest and relatable .
An insightful film with a powerful performance at the core .
With a powerhouse performance in Rachel Getting Married , Anne Hathaway slams shut the book on princess diaries and such with authority .
Wrenching and uncompromising , but not without an all-important glimmer of hope . Hathaway 's performance is one that Oscar voters would be remiss to overlook .
A great example of a `` little '' movie , both in its story and its aesthetic ; it 's also a reminder that littleness does n't keep a film from touching greatness .
What lingers in Jenny Lumet 's script is n't just the fireworks , it 's the calm between them where the wedding party toasts the hope of building love from the chaos of life .
Captures what has to be one of the coolest and most emotionally enthralling wedding celebrations ever . It 's simply a great movie .
A cluttered cinematic hullabaloo that seems more interested in music acts , dance routines and long-winded , impromptu speeches than in fashioning an effective dramatic arc .
This emotionally wrenching drama is an actors ' showcase , a primer on quick-and-dirty filmmaking that nonetheless looks beautiful , and a welcome-to-the-big-leagues party for Anne Hathaway .
Hollywood should make more movies like Rachel Getting Married , but with a little more humility and a proper sense of timing .
Demme and screenwriter Jenny Lumet have given us an epic rehearsal dinner , ceremony , and reception that 's half-cabaret , half group-therapy session , and completely multiracial , multicultural , and multisensory .
Alternately funny and gripping , this feature marks a welcome return to original drama for director Jonathan Demme , who 's spent the last decade preoccupied with documentaries , concert movies , and remakes .
A mature movie that will appeal to a mature audience .
A return to form for Jonathan Demme , acting tour-de-force for Hathaway , and simply one of the best films of the year .
... the resolution is neither neat nor expected . True to -LSB- director Jonathan -RSB- Demme , it 's honest and generous and very human .
This is not just Demme 's most thematically , emotionally and narratively ambitious project since the masterpiece that was `` Something Wild , '' it may well be the best thing that he has done since that film .
As a recovering addict on the verge of imploding Hathaway is the stuff that Oscar dreams of .
While I admire the film for its performance tenacity , I also wanted to unleash a Louisville Slugger on the projector during stretches of the feature .
For all the familiar terrain it plows -- dysfunctional clan comes unglued , regroups -- the movie is not without its sly rewards , one of which is Anne Hathaway .
Apart from the story , which is interesting enough , Rachel Getting Married is like the theme music for an evolving new age .
There 's no denying the heavy burden of guilt and shame that weighs on -LSB- Hathaway -RSB- , nor the film 's ability to unravel family tension like stitches tearing open .
There 's warmth aplenty in Rachel Getting Married , and a little anarchy . But it 's the authenticity that 's lacking .
There is a depth and passion to her performance that oozes lived-in authenticity , -LSB- Hathaway 's -RSB- work here hands-down one of the finest pieces of work I 've seen from any actor % u2013 male or female % u2013 this year .
I hope that Rachel Getting Married is enough of a hit to sustain -LSB- Demme 's -RSB- career of cinematic good works . And I hope also that Ms. Winger gets a long overdue Oscar for best supporting actress , as she is that without a doubt .
Anchored by a revelatory performance by Anne Hathaway as a little-girl-lost hiding behind an abrasive narcissist , `` Rachel Getting Married '' ... is almost a new form of filmmaking .
It 's a great piece of acting -- high drama at the service of the highest talent .
Rachel Getting Married takes a familiar subject -- the raw nerves of American family life with -- and draws fresh blood .
Demme turns to Dogme-style filmmaking with this intimate family drama that 's both funny and harrowing
` Rachel Getting Married ' is a poignant and provocative drama that gives insight to hidden emotions within a family .
A veritable orgy of family angst .
The magic of the inverted suspense belongs in part to Demme 's bold structure , which requires the patience to let scenes build , and in part to Anne Hathaway whose fierce and quivering performance is astonishing .
The usually lovable Anne Hathaway takes a dark turn as the spoiler at a long wedding weekend , and helps deliver a close-up , gut-wrenching tale of family ties .
Director Jonathan Demme 's latest is n't so much enjoyed or savoured as appreciated , even admired , for its skill and daring .
In Rachel Getting Married , Jonathan Demme takes what could have been another routine trip to dysfunction junction and turns it into a truthful and revelatory celebration of humanity .
A film that is both deceptively modest and deeply resonant .
I 've never seen a movie with this mixture of fullness and desolation . Rachel Getting Married is a masterpiece .
Worth celebrating as an overdue return to form by '80s icon Jonathan Demme .
Rachel Getting Married , -LSB- Demme 's -RSB- newest feature , is a return to the low-budget , low-stress roots of Citizens Band and Melvin and Howard .
With Rachel Getting Married , Demme has once again scaled back , making a picture that has some of the ease and warmth of his earlier movies .
All this music and movement lends the movie a shaggy , Altman-esque texture , a sense that its scope is wider than any one character 's story .
Throbs with life from title to credits , employing perhaps the most authentic characters you 'll see on screen this year .
If Rachel Getting Married were a real movie , it would be one of the worst of the year . Luckily , it 's not a real movie , so Snow Angels , Mad Money and Fool 's Gold need not worry about the competition .
The script was written by Jenny Lumet in a loose , graceful style that allows the story to flow -- or sometimes ramble -- freely , and gives the actors all the room they need to invent and discover as they go along .
... a vibrant portrayal of familial devotion , with all of its bitter little conflicts and buried sorrows .
Has more in common with the great Dogme film The Celebration than last year 's overacted Margot at the Wedding .
Rachel Getting Married is a lot like life : always moving , forever unpredictable and forever getting in the way of best-laid plans .
Comes across like a 2-hour wedding video done by the world 's worst cameraman with a few overly dramatic moments shoehorned in to allow the cast to flex their acting muscles .
There is jagged pain , but joy too ; there is love and simmering hatred , laughter and anger , feelings stripped bare and buoyed up . All these opposites compellingly co-exist in Rachel Getting Married .
Demme calls Rachel Getting Married a `` home movie . '' A home run is more like it , going deep into the joy and pain of being human .
Has an undeniable and authentic vitality , an exuberance of spirit , that feels welcome and rare .
The kind of film where everyone on screen is having a lot more fun than the audience .
an unfunny , more conventionally `` likable '' version of Margot at the Wedding
There 's a real joy there -- genuine feelings of warmth that the cinema rarely manages to convey with such unalloyed sincerity .
It may be painful at times , but Rachel Getting Married sure is one heck of a party .
Intense , insightful family drama celebrates love .
At its best , this movie feels like a real experience , thanks to terrific performances and Demme 's informal direction .
At times , the movie gets bogged down in minutia but the emotions evoked and captured are as honest and brutal as one is likely to find on film .
Demme 's finest work since The Silence of the Lambs , and a movie that tingles with life .
Rachel Getting Married 's social scale and emotional fullness would do Renoir and Altman proud -- still it 's Demme 's genuine vision .
Acted and written with enormous style but with front and back doors open to experiment and surprise , it 's a film that challenges you to keep a jogger 's pace to keep up with it , then leaves you breathless .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film is a compelling mix of painful comedy and revelatory tragedy , but when we get to the wedding reception , director Jonathan Demme gets completely distracted by the musicians he 's cast to perform in the film .
A powerful family drama that reveals when forgiveness is hard , compassion is a healing balm .
Something old -LRB- cinema verite -RRB- , something new -LRB- combo Buddhist-African matrimonial ambiance -RRB- , something borrowed -LRB- Robert Altman -RRB- and something blue -LRB- the whole family -RRB- . The Devil Wears Bridesmaid Garb .
Jumping from the dreariness of the familial drama to the good cheer of the concluding ceremony proves more than a little jarring , but the tensions inherent in the film 's split personality work in its favor .
Genuinely understands and tenderly expresses how messy , complicated , troubled and compassionate familial relationships can be .
Anne Hathaway does not cut it in films that are not fables .
The roving camerawork becomes the instrument for thematic rambling and a confined , suffocating marital drama that sparkles with the family treasure -- Hathaway 's breakout emotional magnetism .
It is a classic dramatic construct . Rachel Getting Married is a classic deconstruction . It is a minor masterpiece .
For a film featuring a tour de force performance from a two-time Teen Choice Award nominee , it 's almost unfathomably dark and emotionally tough .
Rachel Getting Married has the disadvantage of arriving soon after Margot at the Wedding
... a moving story that appeals to your heart and soul without insulting your intelligence , a film full of big scenes that never stoops to the most obvious possible iteration of those big scenes ...
Brimming with energy , elan and the unpredictability of his Something Wild , Jonathan Demme 's triumphant Rachel Getting Married may just lay the wedding film to rest , being such a hard act to follow .
A film whose lightness of touch rides a wave of family conflict to perfectly balance smiles and tears .
Generous and kind and even moving at times .
Quite frankly , in Demme 's insistence that the film be so Altmanesque in its realism that he loses focus of the story that matters most .
Demme and Lumet 's collaboration hangs , often brilliantly , on the contradictions in those multiple meanings , and those contradictions produce the multiple effect of feeling raw , knocked about , and strangely spiritualized post-viewing .
As the family 's neurotic outsider , Anne Hathaway gives her richest , Oscar-worthy performance to date

@highlight

Rachel Getting Married is an engrossing tale of family angst , highlighted by Anne Hathaway 's powerful performance and director Jonathan Demme 's return to form .