A sweet film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jason Tremblay continues to move and thrill the audience . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a film whose horizons are far broader than they needed to be , that looks at the experience of a 10-year-old boy as inseparable from the experience of those around him , his parents and teachers and siblings and friends
For a picture that begs to be drowned in sentimental syrup , Wonder feels emotionally honest rather than willfully manipulative .
Stephen Chbosky 's Wonder delivers a clear , positive message with the best of the intentions . I wish I could say there 's nothing wrong with it , but the truth is that this tearful family drama grows too condescending after a promising start .
Hence , the angle of Wonder is that of a film designed for the award season , a position that will be shocking for those who can not tolerate the sugary obviousness of this type of work . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The connection between bullies and entitled parents is starkly drawn . I highly recommend this film , which restarts the conversation about what it means to be a kid who does the right thing when no one is looking .
Any cynicism about Wonder 's intentions is easily squashed by its emotionally forthright execution . You 're guaranteed to leave the theatre with a strong belief in the power of kindness .
It 's relatively familiar material that 's handled exceedingly well by filmmaker Stephen Chbosky ...
Something this good at being easy and upbeat is , at the very least , not to be wantonly discarded .
Everything about this movie is wonder-ful especially its message . .
Wonder is a well-crafted , well-intentioned movie . But it also downplays some important economic , emotional , medical , and psychological realities ... it missed a chance to better represent the experiences of children who are already so widely misunderstood .
... a charismatic , warm and positive lesson about friendship , family ties and the search for personal acceptance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If it 's not 100 percent realistic , well , we could all use a little more glossy feel-good entertainment these days .
Wonder takes advantage of the circumstance of August 's admission to school to talk about such didactic topics as integration , acceptance of difference , empathy and compassion . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder ... tramples the `` feel good movie '' to the ground to an excessive and indulgent point . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It approaches its story and characters in a way that feels bracingly true to life . It 's also a rare movie that 's infused with strong emotions right from the start , but never dips into any kind of sentimentality .
It 's a little simplistic in places but it 's hard to be critical of such a heart-warming film .
Wonder is truly an inspiring and uplifting story for all ages .
Wonder might tell its audience to trust , care and be kind to each other , but it 'd help if it trusted them to embrace it 's own core messages without quite so much poking and prodding .
Think of it as The Elephant Man for kids ... How good it is to see a positive , message-driven film for kids at a time when the default mode of behaviour being instilled into them by TV and online culture is to be as nasty as possible .
Despite the narrative we are conditioned to expect , this film is n't all about Auggie . It is in the overlapping narratives from his peers that we see the true message .
This is a truly inspired and wonderful movie that celebrates love , compassion , empathy , diversity and the triumph of tolerance over hatred , envy , jealousy and those who would abuse their power .
-LSB- Jason -RSB- Tremblay was wonderful in Room and he is again here , -LSB- Julia -RSB- Roberts is suitably fierce , -LSB- Owen -RSB- Wilson keeps it low key .
With verisimilitude , outstanding acting from its central and supporting cast , and a surprisingly gritty undertone beneath the melodrama and sentient multifaceted perspectives , Wonder succeeds in creating an honest portrayal of an uncommon life situation .
Wonder is a family-friendly movie boasting a message of acceptance that both children and adults can , and should , get behind
Directed with nobility and a brilliant cast , it is a moving film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I can understand where there is value in showing this film to younger children because the message , albeit sanitized , will resonate .
-LSB- An -RSB- ideal movie for the whole family . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Wonder -RSB- is another novelty Hollywood genre -LSB- film -RSB- of overcoming physical handicaps . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
You would have to be an utter , utter bastard to give Wonder a bad review .
It 's Roberts who dazzles . Putting her in scenes with a child who picks up on the slightest flicker of insincerity is the kind of challenge she was born for -- it 's acting crack .
It is unashamedly sentimental , old-fashioned and bursting to the seams with Important Life Lessons . But it 's very well put-together , indeed ; a smart , effective and , occasionally , funny film that surprises at every turn .
The result is slick , emotional and hugely watchable .
Wonder is a tearjerker but it is well crafted , intelligent and sincere . Make sure you take a hankie .
It 's kind , but it does n't feel quite right .
It sometimes over-plays its hand but , anchored by a terrific Jacob Tremblay , Wonder is a warm persuasive argument for tolerance .
It 's a little mawkish , but Chbosky , a YA institution himself , has a gift for understanding young people and the nuances of their relationships .
If in the end the film feels a little too tidy , a little too contrived in the way the plot elements are neatly sewn together , this is perhaps a small price to pay for a film with its heart firmly in the right place .
Nonetheless , Hollywood rules in the end and it 's very much a soft-focus view of a family under stress .
Director Stephen Chbosky , who previously adapted The Perks of Being a Wallflower -LRB- his own novel -RRB- for the screen has fashioned a irresistibly warm , unabashedly humanist family picture .
Stephen Chbosky 's Wonder is sharply enough written and performed to overcome its own very schmaltzy premise .
Chbosky swaddles the film in warmth and unending optimism . He extracts pitch-perfect performances from the cast and dispenses with lachrymose sentiments .
As inspirational as it is heartfelt , Wonder will strike a chord with audiences of all ages .
Wonder has a good idea at its core and that is all it has .
Wilson is very likeable here and Roberts delivers one of her best characterisations in years , but this is all about the kids .
The message is clear . Kids do n't want to be mean ; they want to be kind . But they need better examples , and they need permission .
Superbly written and brilliantly acted , this is a powerfully moving story about human connection that makes a timely plea for acceptance and empathy .
Wonder is n't without its imperfections , but it definitely stands out from the family-movie crowd .
No doubt the filmmakers will be hoping anyone who sees this heart-tugger about a facially deformed kid will -LSB- embrace -RSB- the many positive messages it espouses rather than focusing on the many broadly manipulative ways it tries to extract tears from you .
Tremblay , who made such an impact in 2015 's Room as the offspring of a woman and her rapist abductor , gives a very appealing performance as sensitive , precociously bright Auggie .
OK , the script strong-arms us into surrender here and there , but more often it gently takes an elbow ...
-LSB- Julia Roberts -RSB- lifts every one of her scenes in Wonder to near-sublime places .
... Wonder lives up to its title in several ways .
The movie 's pro-tolerance , anti-bullying message is more than a little ham-handed , but it 's redeemed by -LSB- Stephen -RSB- Chbosky 's delicate direction and the honest performances he draws from everybody .
There are points when you will reach out for some tissues but they 're peppered with enough laughs along the way to make it well-balanced , extremely relevant and combined with a strong message .
Tremblay is astonishing once more in a movie that feels as if it wants to break free of the formulaic but ca n't quite bring itself to do so .
The chapter shifts between different characters ' perspectives give the narrative unexpected universal nuance , making this more than the syrupy medical weepie it might appear .
Chbosky traces a rote story arc but works hard to avoid mawkishness , while Julia Roberts and Owen Wilson dial down their star power to serve the story as Auggie 's fretful folks .
... the journey of a hero that changes the lives of all is reason enough to go to the cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Wonder , the beauty of the relationship between Isabel and Via is the insistence that Via does need her mother-a reminder that we are all hurting , we are all weak , and we all need one another , whether our needs are ordinary or extraordinary .
It 's based on a novel by R.J. Palacio . Do n't buy it for me , please , for Christmas .
Sensitive , and funnier than anticipated .
A real rarity - a family-friendly picture that is n't corny , assumes kids are sophisticated enough to grasp its themes without condescension , and contains an uplifting message that viewers of all ages will be inspired by .
Wonder 's greatest virtue is , precisely , how it hides any feint of cheap sentimentality to which its story lends itself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Wonder is the very definition of a disease-of-the-week weepie . But it is put together and performed with enough conviction , craft , restraint and intelligence to get it over the line in style .
Wonder is , in almost every conceivable way , a disaster . It 's jumbled , unfocused , poorly acted , and undeservedly sappy .
Wonder 's rose-tinted version of the world ... ultimately paints a naive world view in danger of doing more harm than good to anyone who suffers the misfortune of watching it .
Chbosky plucks his audience 's emotional heartstrings with the skill of a violin virtuoso .
Compassionate and compelling , this family drama concludes with the upbeat observation : `` You ca n't blend in when you were born to stand out . ''
It takes a director with a very fine touch to keep a film like Wonder from turning into the weepy it appears to be . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Watching Wonder , I felt as though someone had set off a sap bomb .
I loved this sweet little film from start to finish and its message of being kind to others . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Director Stephen Chbosky nailed the coming-of-age story in his endearing The Perks of Being a Wallflower . With Wonder , he 's gone one better .
Wonder is a touching tale of love and friendship , buoyed by strong performances from Jacob Tremblay and the rest of the cast .
Wonder is an inspirational film that sends the message that you should choose kindness .
Wonder defaults to kindness in a manner that feels both totally inspiring and completely organic .
Authentic and genuine , focus and attention is paid to every step taken and while there are unavoidable moments of mushiness involved - especially in the movie 's overly sentimental ending - Chbosky makes it easy to forgive and forget .
The visual style of the film is whimsical , perfectly playing into the imaginative mindset of a child while providing some pleasant nostalgia to the adults .
An extraordinarily sensitive drama that tutors us in the spiritual practices of wonder and kindness .
Maybe this little movie about a kid with a facial disorder is n't really about a kid with a facial disorder at all , but about whatever you and I choose to see in it . And if that 's not art , I do n't know what is .
The movie fulfills a need for smart tween/middle grade drama at the multiplex , where it has had little competition this year .
Bullies and frenemies do n't get served so much as given quiet moments to confront their own mistakes .
Tremblay , the boy from 2015 's extraordinary ` Room , ' is pretty special behind the prosthetics that really are n't as hard to look at as a politically correct screenplay might suggest .
The characters are all treated with the respect they deserve and the hard work done to turn them into relatable , understandable people pays off in spades .
Starring a terrific Jacob Tremblay as a bullied boy with facial deformities and Julia Roberts as his mom , this drama based on the R. J. Palacio book that nearly everyone has read and wept over has surprising dimension and delicacy .
The message is delivered decrying bullying , but it 's delivered heavy-handed .
The whole enterprise goes down like a big ol' gulp of Robitussin . It 's good for you , but the aftertaste is a tad pungent .
The slogan `` choose kind '' is not just a tagline ; it 's a byword for our times and I wish more movies would preach that message . Wonderis a beautiful movie .
By lacking subtlety and tugging too aggressively at the heartstrings , this well-meaning drama misses an opportunity to be more impactful .
The story is inherently emotional , but Chbosky conveys its compassionate message - `` be kind '' - without manipulation or false sentiment .
Perhaps I 've overpraised Wonder , but as a wise man once said , `` When given a choice between being right and being kind , choose kind . ''
It 's not a flawless film , but when you consider what it could have been and how this material might have been handled , the results are truly winning .
A holiday weeper that earns its tears ... for the most part .
Miraculously , it refuses syrupy turns of fate , offering a few surprises to go along with earned tearjerker interests .
Sometimes you have to just let go and surrender yourself to the wonder .
Ultimately , Wonder is just a sweet film , less about Auggie than it is a portrait of a small group of everyday people with interconnected lives and dreams and struggles .
Unrecognizable under the prosthetics and the makeup , Jacob Tremblay is indeed wondrous as Auggie .
While the movie 's premise feels prone to the maudlin , it 's ultimately quite poignant ...
This could have been a schmaltzy tale . Instead , it 's a much-needed reminder that kindness exists in this fractured world .
For a movie about seeing who a person is beyond their physical appearance , this one 's remarkably superficial .
The sugar count runs precariously high in Wonder but thanks to its overall emotional sincerity and quirky structure , it 's saved from becoming unbearably twee .
Wonder is a wonder and a wonderful movie about an ugly duckling turned swan . Beautifully done . Take a hanky . Or two .
You 'll shed a tear or two-especially if you 're a parent-and they 'll be totally earned .
`` Wonder '' earns every moment and while the result is not earth-shattering , a well-made film with the message `` be nice to everyone '' feels borderline revolutionary in this day and age .
Wonder is warm and kind , and young viewers will identify with the charming protagonist who is curious about when people will stop caring about what he looks like outside .
Owen Wilson cries , but audiences will more likely roll their eyeballs at writer-director Stephen Chbosky 's outrageous emotional manipulations .
`` Wonder '' could easily be played for tears or easy sentimentality , but Chbosky finds the reality of the situation much more wondrous . You will , too .
A sweet and winning feel good family movie that also happens to have a strong message against bullying and lack of kindness toward our fellow human beings . A must for family viewing .
... if you 're looking for a movie this season that , for a little while at any rate , will make you feel better about the world , this is the one you need to see .
This is a movie that might look ordinary but is a quiet gem of insight and inspiration .
Wonder does a great job treating the young characters like the full bodied characters kids actually are . They have decisions and judgments to make that are just as important as any adults .
It 's really Tremblay 's picture , and even though he 's covered in prosthetics , he still delivers a layered , honest performance that , despite the film 's flaws , will break your cynical heart by the end .
Stephen Chbosky 's Wonder , despite its Hallmark Card appearance , is far from the exercise in emotional manipulation some might fear . Even the most pessimistic of us may actually find it charming and genuinely affecting .
This tearjerker -LRB- based on the mega-best-selling book by R.J. Palacio -RRB- is a blazingly humane and shamelessly wish-fulfilling film - the rare kind that will appeal to both kids and adults .
Many movies can make you laugh , some can make you smile and a few can make you cry , but Wonder does the amazing trick of making an audience do all three .
The movie 's biggest fantasy is a world where there are no fundamental conflicts , only misunderstandings .
-LSB- The film -RSB- keeps expanding outward in its perspective and its desire to understand the lives of these other characters .
It 's a film that 's going to touch a lot of people in all the right ways with a life-affirming message about looking beyond the obvious differences to see the person behind the mask .
Tugs at the heartstrings so insistently that you might well leave it feeling assaulted rather than uplifted .
If you do n't feel more connected to your fellow man after Wonder , check your pulse .
Wonder is a sweet , heartfelt film that makes you feel good about the strong people who stand up to bullying , harassment and stupidity .
Wonder levels the social playing field by widening its narrative frame to focus on Jack , Julian , and Miranda , each of whom hurts as much as Auggie and his family .
Movies that are largely about illness can be harrowing experiences . `` Wonder '' moves the genre to a better region .
Stephen Chbosky 's movie delivers a fantastic wallop paired with a necessary and well-delivered message about bravery in the face of fear , and the vitality of acceptance .
Earnest , emotional book adaptation has strong messages .
`` Wonder '' is a family film in the best sense .
All the while , though , Wonder 's heart , sentiment , and uncynicism makes it hopeful , upbeat , and impossible not to love .
It 's more than a tad manipulative , but there 's also a moral sweetness at the heart of the film that acts as a solid takeaway for kid viewers .
`` Wonder '' is that rare thing , a family picture that moves and amuses while never overtly pandering .
The film has an almost pathological need to ensure that everything turns out well for every single character , while at the same time eliding any truly difficult issues .
Mostly it succeeds in telling not one complicated story , but many , and giving the experience of being a confused or lonely or scared youngster the space it deserves .
`` Wonder '' hits a few moments too hard and flirts with corniness at times , but makes something active and compelling from the spectacle of nice people trying to do right , and it 's a refreshing thing to see .
A movie that succeeds as a tearjerker , if you can withstand those pushy moments -LRB- and there are a few -RRB- when it kind of makes you want to hate kindness .
`` Wonder '' will make you cry - that 's one of the main purposes of its existence - but it 'll also drive you a little crazy .
Just in time for the holidays , a sweet cinematic gift .
Enjoyable Family Movie
Wonder expertly aims for the heart at every turn .
It is a sweet , inspirational tale that nicely ties up all loose ends by the time of the feel-good finale .
Auggie , bless him , stops putting on that astronaut helmet . The movie does things differently . It wears a space suit and never takes it off .
`` Wonder '' is a movie that should be shown to young and old as a life lesson in how to deal with people who appear to be different .
a well-intentioned family film with a good message ... but the fairy tale landscape that is Auggie 's world gives him a considerable leg up before his story 's even started .
-LSB- Jacob -RSB- Tremblay is fantastic in the role .
-LSB- An -RSB- entertaining and only slightly preachy movie -LSB- ... -RSB- about which it 's almost impossible to say a negative word .
Though its upbeat earnestness is ever-present , it has the integrity to understand that not even kindness can eliminate all problems .
Reminders to be kind are all very well , but it 's time to move past the idea that it 's up to people who are different to inspire everyone else to be better people .
Compassion and empathy are Wonder 's heart and soul , and it 's a message that is n't forced upon us in a heavy-handed manner , but with subtlety and grace .
You 're guaranteed to spend nearly two hours with a lump the size of a nectarine in your throat without resenting it .
A sweet , delicate , self-aware adaptation that remarkably sidesteps most of the clichés that a film such as this could have easily fallen into .
It 's never mawkish or manipulative , and its characters are so well-established both in the writing and in the performances that the movie ultimately does the hard work of earning those damp Kleenexes .
Kids may not notice or care , but the movie , which advocates kindness , comes with an irony . It 's a film about embracing differences and seeing beyond appearances , but it rarely bucks convention or gets more than skin deep .
Chbosky might yank us through the wringer like we 're in a car wash , but it 's nice to feel clean for a change .
It wants desperately to tug at your heartstrings . But all it seriously did was rub my nerves raw .
It 's a very tasteful heart-tugger - a drama of disarmingly level-headed empathy that glides along with wit , assurance , and grace , and has something touching and resonant to say about the current climate of American bullying .
It is a film with all the depth of a fridge magnet .
Although thoughtfully rendered , this unashamedly sappy drama about a 10-year-old boy with facial differences eventually succumbs to its worst touchy-feely tendencies .
Its lessons in compassion and self-acceptance are treacle-free , and however movie-shiny the story 's world of economic comfort and prep school , those lessons pack a universal punch .
The feel-good film of the year and one that reminds the world to be kind to one another .
It 's probably not a shocker to learn -LSB- this -RSB- is gon na make you cry . What is a heartrending surprise is how gently it delivers its earnest profundity on the ripple effect of kindness .

@highlight

Wonder does n't shy away from its bestselling source material 's sentiment , but this well-acted and overall winsome drama earns its tugs at the heartstrings .