Memorable music docu on Canadian metal band ; lots of cursing
A winning way to thrash out an evening 's entertainment .
It 's worth seeing because it 's as dramatic as movies come , and the characters are more real than anything you 'll see in a work of fiction .
Anvil ! es ante todo el retrato de una amistad verdadera , la de dos compañeros de ruta que a pesar del paso del tiempo y de los fracasos -LRB- ... -RRB- todavía siguen persiguiendo el mismo sueño loco de cuando eran adolescentes .
Anvil is an inspirational documentary which provides witness to the power of the human spirit , played to a heavy metal soundtrack .
Transcends thrash metal culture and becomes a working class tale of doing what you love at all costs .
One of the most uplifting and inspirational movies of the year .
The journey of Anvil in the film is one suffused with love and passion ... they are the poster-band for passion , and their story is worth checking out .
What 's so refreshing about ` Anvil : The Story of Anvil ' is that it focuses on a Toronto band named Anvil who have been playing for 30 years despite having no commercial success to show for it .
I found more real-life poetry about aspiration and failure in a fictional effort such as The Wrestler .
This is one of those movies that makes you want to find out what happens next , and those are the best kind .
You 'll learn nothing new here about chasing the dream , but this non-fiction story may convince you to make room in your heart to appreciate the combination of earnestness and doggedness that some people maintain .
Its touching human interest story about survival hit me in the gut .
Well , the best movie of 2009 is a documentary about aging heavy metal musicians making a last-ditch effort at fame and fortune .
Anvil ! goes all the way to 11 .
Let 's be honest : Anvil is not metal 's missing link , and `` Anvil ! '' has been awfully overpraised . However , it 's worth watching for the frequent moments of warm , humane heavy-metal comedy and the antagonistic push-and-pull of Canadian creative cousins .
Two musical wannabes in a perpetual reach for the brass ring . But where it will lead remains unanswered by anything more than what they 've always had in great quantity . Hope .
Anvil is rock solid entertainment . Whether you 're mad for metal or not , you 'll find the band 's talent , spirit , humor -- and mettle -- a real rush .
While it 's undoubtedly comical and touching , a pall of middle-aged gloom hovers over the antics of Canada 's longest surviving death metal band .
The music , heard in economical proportions , is secondary to the unexpectedly deep bond between its creators . Their story is an underdog 's triumph that 's difficult to deny .
See Anvil ! if you love heavy metal , because these guys are legends . See Anvil ! if you do n't love heavy metal because this story is legendary .
This Is Spinal Tap was a mockumentary , but this is for real , a portrait of a band that was very influential on later metal bands , like Metallica , but who found the big time elusive .
A spectacular documentary that displays the camaraderie and passion these two musicians feel for their music in the face of continued rejection .
Anvil ! has been described as the `` real-life Spinal Tap '' , but it 's sometimes more like a heavy metal remake of The Wrestler .
Incongruous , funny , unexpected and moving , Sacha Gervasi 's film about the 80s band whose long career is anything but what we expect , is much more than a doco about a band
Anvil ! The Story of Anvil is overflowing with honesty . It is fair to say that it is to metal what The Wrestler is to wrestling . It is brutal but , in a way , triumphant .
Comedy , drama , unforgettable characters , good music , and an underdog story . Do n't miss it !
A winning and surprisingly moving documentary about -- wait for it -- a struggling Canadian heavy metal band that apparently influenced a generation of hard-rockers including Metallica , Anthrax and Guns N ' Roses .
Presents likeable characters , puts them in tough situations , and illuminates their souls with humor and sincerity . It just so happens that the two men who populate this story used to wear leather S&M gear onstage and play guitars with dildos .
An affectionate portrait rather than a sad , derisive takedown , Anvil ! The Story of Anvil finds inspiration in the passion and tenacity these aging metalheads display .
In the end , we get the delight of a portrait of some guys who never packed it in , and the endorsement of the indomitability of the human spirit .
There 's humor in all this misfortune . But the more you watch , the more you empathize .
Affectionate but revealing ... a deeply human piece that 's hilarious one moment and touching the next .
Cute if predictable .
This is no mock-doc joke . Director Sacha Gervasi deftly introduces us to irrepressible frontman Steve ` Lips ' Kudlow and his ever-suffering lifelong sidekick Robb Reiner -LRB- seriously -RRB- , who were and remain fine musicians but simply never quite caught on .
The tragicomedy of artistic striving has never been more grittily or more sweetly captured than in Anvil ! The Story of Anvil .
A tight shot of a knob that goes to 11 puts a dent in the illusion that The Story of Anvil is completely true , but regardless , it 's an entertaining ride .
Now THIS is Spinal Tap .
The film is very funny at times , especially in its use of early '80s archival footage ; the comedy of Anvil 's hair , outfits , and lyrics from the '80s are worth the price of admission alone .
There is something beautiful about people who dream big -- and something foolish . Anvil ! The Story of Anvil gets at both .
It 's an affectionate portrait of performers starving for applause , achingly funny as only real life can be .
Although my fondness for heavy metal music knows many bounds , I still found `` Anvil '' to be a charming and enormously entertaining film
Anvil 's plight would be funny if it were n't true . Its extent is intimately examined in a film that makes you uncomfortable because it is true .
The new documentary Anvil ! The Story of Anvil succeeds every which way , as '80s metal nostalgia , as a twisted sort of reality-show attempt at a comeback , as an unexpectedly touching portrait of a friendship .
It certainly helps that Gervasi has a sense of humor ... the band 's adventures often resemble a real-life version of This is Spinal Tap
Gervasi has tapped into a powerful if much-overlooked truth : humanity rocks .
You may not care a lick for the music that Anvil plays -LRB- I do n't -RRB- , but you 'll be captivated , entertained and even ennobled by this utterly engaging portrait of their struggle .
An engaging account of the life and times of an obscure Canadian heavy-metal band .
A study in the cost of pursuing a dream that 's probably the wrong dream , Anvil ! The Story of Anvil looks for the high notes but does n't -- or ca n't -- shy away from the lows .
Anvil ! The Story of Anvil is a very funny documentary , following original band members Steve `` Lips '' Kudlow and Robb Reiner -LRB- seriously -RRB- , on a disastrous European tour and an attempt at a comeback album .
Just before it flies off into parody , it becomes something quite unexpectedly moving .
Anvil ! The Story of Anvil ca n't help but evoke This Is Spinal Tap , the classic 1984 mockumentary directed by the other Rob Reiner , in terms of both sheer hair-metal ludicrousness and indignities suffered by a not-so-successful rock band on the road .
The movie is a small wonder , because it 's not the work of a practiced filmmaker - Sacha Gervasi is a writer and Anvil fan who shot the movie on a whim , but he has a great eye , and is evidently an editing whiz .
Anvil ! The Story of Anvil is a documentary about the moderate rise and long , long fall of their band , where musicians in the two other slots came and went , but Lips and Robb rocked on .
There 's just something utterly winning about the way the guys of Anvil hang on to their dream -- and when , in the movie 's final scenes , they find it for a moment , it creates some genuine , headbanging joy .
Anvil ! is one of the sweetest , funniest films I 've seen this year . Also the loudest and most foulmouthed .
Gervasi misses a few beats that would elevate this from enjoyable to resonant , but he 's the only filmmaker for the job
A complicated portrait of complicated men , an adeptly assembled character study that shows how limitless fame and fortune might not be the real recipe for happiness .
I 'm still not 100 percent convinced that this wonderfully bittersweet documentary is n't entirely a put-on .
An outstanding rock documentary that is as funny/sad as it is revealing .
The most stirring release of the year thus far .
I care about Anvil , I think the documentary needed a little bit more .
Their determination is both charming and inspiring .
Impossible not to get caught up in their boundless optimism , which seems to counter metal 's nihilism ... as the relationships are much more important ... than the music .
The inspirational doc concentrates on the group 's founders and mainstays , lifelong buds Steve ` Lips ' Kudlow and drummer Robb Reiner .
Anvil ! 's deep kinship with Spinal Tap is more than circumstantial . Both films are , at heart , portraits of a lifelong collaboration between two musicians as dedicated as they are delusional .
A feel-good film of rockin ' proportions .
The movie is an intoxicating blend of blind faith and heartbreak , but while it 's very funny , the abundant laughs are only half of what makes it such an unexpectedly inspiring document .
Director Sacha Gervasi finds a funky charm in this pair .
If you 're having a rough day , take solace from these middle-aged rockers , who brave untold setbacks purely because they insist on believing that some dreams never die .
No matter what travails they face , Lips and Robb remain good company , invariably upbeat no matter how many cockeyed crises come around the bend .
The success of Anvil ! The Story of Anvil lies in its ability to make you care about an enterprise you might initially have been inclined to laugh at .
The biggest surprise is not the pervasive comedy in this compelling rockumentary . It 's the poignant , even heartbreaking , moments that sneak up on you as the saga unfolds .
While Anvil ! is frequently funny , it 'd be a mistake to call the band a joke .
a paean to artistic hope in the midst of almost complete and abject failure .
Sacha Gervasi 's powerhouse doc brings humor and fervent focus to Toronto musicians , supporting their families with day jobs , who wo n't give up the dream .
Supplies all the rocked-out comedy and Rocky-like redemption you could want .
Anvil ! is a stupendous document of perseverance and crushing musical industry realities , brought to life by the two men who somehow managed to keep the devil horns raised for over 30 years of disappointment .
`` A hymn to the human spirit , played in power chords ... It is n't just better than most music documentaries ; it 's better than most documentaries , period . ''
Hilarious and achingly touching .
This mildly moving documentary - about the best Canadian metal band you 've never heard of - is nearly undermined by its own similarity to countless music mockumentaries past .
What a sad , funny , inspiring story . Even those who hate metal may appreciate the form when seeing these guys ' commitment to each other and to the music .
Truth is always more heart-wrenching , more fantastic than imagination . The bitch-slap of destiny is a mother % u2013 and it 's applied full force to this band from Toronto .
It 's early in 2009 but you probably wo n't see a more enjoyable , uplifting , simply fantastic documentary this year than Sacha Gervasi 's great Anvil ! The Story of Anvil .
After 1984 's heavy-metal satire This Is Spinal Tap started the mockumentary craze , most documentary makers pandered to audiences through sarcasm and propaganda . But the true-life heavy-metal Anvil finally -- beautifully -- restores the genre .
It 's a hilarious , and unexpectedly moving , documentary about the greatest metal band you 've probably never heard of .
-LSB- A -RSB- phenomenal rockumentary .
Anvil ! The Story of Anvil , a documentary destined to spark many a Tap reference , proves that in the world of heavy metal , the line between fiction and reality is even thinner .
Gervasi uncovers the obscurity blanket from -LSB- these -RSB- veteran Canadian metal rockers and gives them a cinematic salute in the outrageously entertaining Anvil !
One of the most enjoyable documentaries you may ever see .
Inevitable comparisons will be made with the cultish Spinal Tap , but Gervasi ' docu-mocku stands on its own merits , offering a touching , loving and funny portrait of the little-known band , which may become more famous as a result of this picture .
If you can forget Spinal Tap -LRB- hard -RRB- , it 's rather touching the way these 50-year-olds still have the forged-in-fire fortitude .
A European tour fraught with shady venue owners , missed trains and in-fighting , and subsequent efforts to record their 13th studio album are misadventures that a less compassionate filmmaker might have wrung for cheap Spinal Tap-ish humor .
Anvil : The Story of Anvil is a brilliant real-life Spinal Tap , with as much pathos as laughs .
An alternately humorous and heartbreaking film .
Director Sacha Gervasi has created one of the great masterpieces of the music business , a seminal statement of pipe dreams and true possibilities ...
Anvil : The True Story of Anvil is only 80 minutes long , but it packs a lifetime worth of drama , setbacks and especially friendship into its brief running time .
In addition to being an offbeat family drama , Anvil ! is also a love story between two men-a pair of Canadian kids who dreamed a dream and then stayed true to it with more fidelity than most rockers devote to their actual marriages .
You do n't have to give two cents about Heavy Metal music to appreciate Sacha Gervasi 's joyous and touching documentary about charismatic Canadian musicians Steve `` Lips '' Kudlow and Robb Reiner ...
An engaging account of the life and times of an obscure Canadian heavy-metal band .
There 's something heroic about the persistence and self-belief of Kudlow and Reiner , forever squabbling and making up and director Sacha Gervasi and his team never laugh at or patronise them .
Sacha Gervasi 's endearing film has a real affection for the band 's indomitable spirit which saves this from being another Spinal Tap and lends it some real heart .
A charming , touching and very funny film .
Anvil ! is hilarious and painful by turns , much like Spinal Tap , but with the added pathos of knowing these guys are real .
It 's funny , but sad . Inevitably , there are too many echoes of This is Spinal Tap , as its two fiftysomething rockers follow their dream with heroic obstinacy , though everyone else knows that it , and they , are doomed .
Not as interesting as last year 's rockumentaries Heavy Load or Heavy Metal In Baghdad and is nowhere near as funny as Spinal Tap .
The film accepts the bleak comedy of this , yet its refusal to patronise Anvil 's endurance eventually becomes quite moving . It 's a study in the blind hopefulness that just drives some people on , through every setback .
The best film about the world of rock since This Is Spinal Tap .
Forget that overhyped Slumdog Millionaire - THIS is the feel-good film of the year .
Sacha Gervasi 's film gets to the heart of what it means to pursue a personal passion in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds .
Anvil ! is exactly what 's needed to slap the recent rash of doomsayer documentaries in the face - preferably with a studded , fingerless leather glove .
The guy 's a hero in any musical language , and he deserves this heartfelt , emotive , supremely entertaining tribute . Anvil ! We salute you !
Funny , tragic , brilliantly put together and eventually sweetly uplifting . This is the closest thing we 're going to get to a sequel to This Is Spinal Tap .
Anvil ! The Story of Anvil has to be one of the most engaging , big-hearted music movies yet made .
Gervasi 's film may be too slight to launch an assault on the genre 's Citizen Kane , the amazing Metallica : Some Kind of Monster , but it 's still immensely entertaining , and its nostalgia for an era of big crowds and bigger hair has a pleasing tenderness .
A truly uplifting 80 minutes of film , you owe it to yourselves to check out The Story of Anvil , and you then owe it to the band to buy their albums and help put them back where they belong - at the summit of mount metal .
Gervasi is always careful to balance the tone , never mocking Lips and Robb but not lapsing into sentimentality either . What we 're offered instead is a triumph-of-the-will story that is just as vibrant and rousing as a chorus of electric guitars .
This documentary about a Canadian heavy metal trying to regain their fame in their 50s is hilarious and heartbreaking .
There 's something endearing about this odd couple traipsing through the slush , gunbelts tethered below their sagging paunches and pates glistening in the weak sunshine , waiting for that elusive Comeback .
A touching , gripping tale of friendship and forever-young fantasy in failure 's frontline .
Not just one of the best films ever made about rock 'n' roll , but an astute exploration of the thin border between ambition and dementia , a moving hymn to friendship , and a heartbreaking acknowledgement of the utter unfairness of life in general .
An engagingly noisy documentary about the middle-aged members of a failed Canadian heavy metal band .
Bitterly funny , uproariously sad , irresistibly human .
Even if you do n't like metal , this is a movie to enjoy almost as much as Cut Loose and Mad Dog , their most faithful fans , undoubtedly will .
Hugely enjoyable , frequently hilarious and genuinely moving documentary that plays like a real life Spinal Tap .
Besides being hysterically funny it 's also an emotional story of two men who find their passion in life and stick with it .
it is impossible not to be charmed by -LSB- Anvil lead singer Steve Kudlow 's -RSB- arrested development and to find yourself rooting for his eventual success even as you laugh at his many failures .
He-man headbangers beware : `` Anvil ! The Story of Anvil '' will make you weep like a little girl , or at least tear up like some sissy , emo-band singer .
Funny , sweet and often interesting ... but the desperation is so tangible it proves exhausting
Very entertaining docu is amusing without being condescending , touching without straining for pathos .







@highlight

A touching , uplifting and inspirational rockumentary about an aging metal band , both hilarious and heart-warming in equal measure .