This fascinating video documentary covers a nine-month rehearsal of Shakespeare 's final play by inmates at the Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in La Grange , Kentucky .
... a truly compelling examination of the extent to which art can lift the human spirit , no matter how tragic the surrounding circumstances may be .
It 's a tribute to the dry-eyed empathy of the filmmakers that these men , guilty of the most heinous crimes of murder and violence , somehow manage to win your sympathy .
I found this documentary to be sobering , even optimistic ... it 's a reminder that being human means being complex .
The up-close interviews with the prisoners , many of whom are in jail for murder , are the heart of the film .
Rogerson and producer Jilann Spitzmiller ably convey the humanity of the inmates while also exposing them as deeply flawed individuals . The film also reconfirms the enduring relevance and power of Shakespeare and his adaptability to almost any milieu .
Albeit a tad repetitive , Shakespeare Behind Bars succeeds in humanizing men we might too easily label as monsters , and provides a solid argument in favor of prisons that place rehabilitation above retribution .
Few non-fiction films about the arts hit as hard or soar to such heights of poetry and humanity .
Observes as the inmates use theater to massage knots of guilt and anguish in their psyches .
Perhaps it 's just the inner drama geek talking , but there 's something extremely compelling about seeing hardened felons preparing to put on a classic play with the enthusiasm of giddy schoolgirls .
The film makes the case -- one that always needs making -- that , despite what they 've done , these men retain some shred of humanity .
By presenting murderers as actors and then filming those actors discussing their sins , the line between performance and soul-searching blurs in unnerving ways .
Rogerson lets the cameras roll , and we get real insight into daily prison life . But he does n't stop to create context , and we feel stuck inside the razor wire .
For once , here 's a prison movie without a riot or an impromptu cafeteria fight in which one inmate bashes the other over the head with a food tray .
Rogerson has crafted an emotionally satisfying exploration of the creative process through people who , before the program started , were n't comfortable with expressing themselves at all .
The search for inner forgiveness is a ribbon that runs throughout the film ...
An immensely moving tribute to the power of art .
A portrait of repentant convicts that is both heartbreaking and unnerving .
A truly inspiring documentary that depicts the salutary effects of prison inmates performing in an annual Shakespeare production .
Shakespeare himself could n't have written better or more complex characters , and far from strange , by the end of this extraordinary film you could n't imagine Shakespeare performed anywhere else .
We 'd all like to believe that art is a lot more powerful than it is , but during rehearsals , two inmates who swear that Shakespeare has shown them the light are instead cast off to the Hole for breaking prison rules .
The mere fact that Shakespeare can teach hardened criminals to search their souls gives hope that forgiveness and redemption are possible -- even at the bottom of the human barrel .
In Shakespeare Behind Bars , the most restricted people in society find freedom in performance and release in words .
There 's no denying the pic 's overall impact as a compelling study of art as a source of transcendence .
Any minute of this low-budget , digitally shot documentary packs more punch than the entirety of most triumph-of-the-human-spirit blockbusters .
Rogerson 's structure is ingenious : He dilutes our initial skepticism by showcasing the prisoners ' thoughtfulness and intelligence , and as soon as we 've come to care for the men he shocks us with the details of their crimes .

@highlight

Shakespeare Behind Bars is a moving testament to the power -- and universality -- of art .