Adams is marvelous and with each film she shows how great an artist she has become .
Filmmaker Tim Burton strays slightly from his wheelhouse , but it 's a welcomed change of pace .
The film is largely compelling and touches upon many aspects about the dynamics of a couple 's love , along with the lengths and limits of tolerance one can have for the other .
What keeps Big Eyes from being anything more than a holiday diversion is that -LSB- Burton -RSB- and his writers ca n't get much drama out of the paintings themselves , or the inexplicable fascination they held for so many people .
It becomes bizarrely laughable at times , sadly to the detriment of Margaret 's ten-year ordeal .
The 106-minute drama is always watchable , and works no less and no more than a two-dimensional portrait that catches the eye and suggests deeper meaning than is actually present .
Burton 's uninspired made-for-cable vibe and Christoph Waltz 's overly manic performance always feel at odds with each other .
Burton had a chance to make a powerful statement on the struggle for a woman to achieve artistic recognition and instead settled for another childlike fairy tale .
Big Eyes is Tim Burton 's second foray into strange but true stories of American termite art culture ... a story about the pain behind the façade of happiness and success .
A lovingly crafted , uncommonly astute look at gender roles in American families .
A bitter feminist fairy tale about a woman betrayed by love and trust and crafted by culture to be vulnerable to the charms of a con-artist husband .
Bright yet disturbing , Big Eyes is both an indicator of just how far women have come in the past 60 years and a comment on the commercialisation of pop culture .
With a kind of quiet reserve , Big Eyes is a rare effort from the Tim Burton that plays it straight .
See this . Show it to your daughters . Just do not expect a whimsical Tim Burton ditty .
Big Eyes is the most substantial film Tim Burton has made since Ed Wood .
That Big Eyes is the best film Burton has directed in almost a decade is no exaggeration .
Burton is telling a fascinating story here , and his confident sense of time and place , allied to Adams 's adept performance as the increasingly assertive artist , provide many pleasures .
Athough this is not an entirely successful change of pace for director Tim Burton , there 's enough in the story to make his version of events very watchable .
Burton has crafted one of his most understated films ; a fascinating study into 1950s sexual politics and art-world deceit .
Visually gorgeous and amusing biopic .
The stylistic flamboyance we usually associate with director Tim Burton is largely absent from his relatively straight-laced account of the personal and legal war between artist Margaret Keane -LRB- Amy Adams -RRB- and her husband Walter -LRB- Christoph Waltz -RRB- .
The score by Danny Elfman makes it sound a little too much like a romantic comedy at times but Big Eyes is a smart flick with a lot to say and many talking points to present .
It 's fascinating to discover that an item of what is essentially pop culture with which one was familiar some years ago has such a colourful history
A lie , compliance and the windows to the soul are the elements of this extraordinary true story in which male domination and female repression play key roles
A little film with giant performances by Adams and Waltz .
Perhaps the worst insult that can be lobbed at Tim Burton 's Big Eyes is that it bears little sign of actually having been directed by Tim Burton .
`` Big Eyes '' is unlike anything the director has done before , yet in many ways , it represents him at his most `` Burtonesque . ''
Bad taste is timeless .
Very much unlike the director 's recent fare , a fine and surprisingly complex piece of work which suggests he should step out of his weird and wonderful comfort zone more often .
In the unlikely and quintessentially American true story of Margaret and Walter Keane , Burton has found a way to interrogate his own career and art .
A feminist psycho-melodrama made without insight or dramatic excitement .
Big Eyes is a highly mannered and empty movie that robs its story of the very things that made it worth telling in the first place .
Big Eyes is a return to a subdued style from Tim Burton that 's been missing for over a decade .
A wacky art-history lesson told by a director who loves a kitschy underdog tale , with two lead actors who put their own colorful brushstrokes on a zesty , little-known story .
Big Eyes is an entertaining take on a pop culture footnote , short on the bizarre flourishes Burton typically employs ... . Big Eyes is sweet and , dare we say it , kind of normal .
One of the movie 's many problems is that the script wants to have it both ways : It suggests Margaret was a browbeaten victim of her husband 's greed while making it clear she was actually a willing participant in the ruse .
... yet another in a long line of disappointments from a once rock-solid filmmaker .
Ultimately boils down to being just another movie about an abusive marriage .
Big Eyes still has a fascinating story to tell , re-creating the world of Beat-era San Francisco and shooting a Hawaiian honeymoon in glowing Technicolor tones .
The talk at Denny 's afterwards is going to be much more enjoyable than the movie itself .
This is a rich , richly entertaining , often very funny movie with fine characterizations , and it definitely deserves your attention .
There 's a lack of commitment to the ideas raised by the scenario and the emotional rigor brought in by Adams 's performance .
Big Eyes is Tim Burton 's most intimate and subtle film since Ed Wood , to which it feels a companion piece .
Burton has always paid tribute to artistic misfits in his movies , from self-deluded film auteur Ed Wood to blade-fingered sculptor Edward Scissorhands . But I do n't think he 's made a film with such contempt for everyone in it , except the main character .
The wild true story behind the movie is so bizarre that it is impossible for the movie not to grab one 's attention , and Burton is n't content to coast on the premise alone . Still , it feels smug and heavy-handed .
Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz are charismatic in the lead roles ; occasionally they distract from the movie 's overall smugness .
Waltz may play Walter as a mincing gadabout and Lothario whose real talent lies in self-promotion , but it 's Adams ' Margaret and her dawning realization of her own inner strength that holds the film aloft .
Tim Burton combines his sunnier filmmaking style -LRB- Big Fish -RRB- with his more deranged impulses -LRB- Dark Shadows -RRB- for this amazing true story about both the nature of art and how easy it is to slip into an unhealthy relationship .
It 's not the kind of performance that screams for attention . No showboating physical transformation or wrenching psychological endurance test . She barely even raises her voice . But as the artist Margaret Keane , Amy Adams is quietly extraordinary .
Considered an awards contender by association with its leads ' pedigrees , `` Big Eyes '' is many things - kooky , punchy , peppy , poignant , powerfully acted - but it 's decidedly not that . Disabuse yourself of that idea and enjoy Burton 's loose , limber work .
An offbeat amusement from Tim Burton , Amy Adams , and Christoph Waltz
The more you think about it , the more you see all the subtextual tricks that were missed .
... an amusing biopic that examines the age-old relationship between art and commerce .
ig Eyes is more melodrama than drama , more comedy of manners than cultural critique -- and yet its wide-eyed candy-colored exterior holds fascinating and funny depths behind its glassy stare .
For all its tonal shifts and erratic pacing , the film is Burton 's heartfelt tribute to the yearning that drives even the most marginalized artist to self expression no matter what the hell anyone thinks .
Adams adds another excellent performance to her formidable résumé , with an equally impressive show by Waltz who plays her bellicose husband with panache and a chilling edge .
Burton might need to get further from blockbuster bloat in order to regain his formal mastery of kitsch . Right now his sense of comic portraiture is too easily mistakable for splatter painting .
Adams is lovely and tremulous , but Big Eyes would be even better if Waltz was in the same key .
Big Eyes is a real gem .
Feels like a deceptively complex formal experiment , one designed to reflect what happened to Keane by celebrating artlessness as a valid form of artistic expression .
Burton keeps his goofier impulses toned down , though when he does go surreal - such as when Margaret hallucinates big-eyed people in the supermarket aisles - it 's quite effective .
Unfortunately , the miscasting of a key role in ` Big Eyes ' makes many scenes appear unreal .
After the bloated uncertainties of Alice in Wonderland and Dark Shadows -LRB- his last two live-action features -RRB- , it 's encouraging to find Burton returning to a more intimate canvas .
In the unfocused `` Big Eyes , '' Adams , like the rest of the production , does n't quite know where to step .
Nice try , Burton -- but who cares ?
The strange saga of the Keane paintings is merely a blip in the history books , but Tim Burton proves that sometimes its those little things that amaze us the most .
What saves it is yet another outstanding performance by Adams , who completely disappears beneath a perky blonde wig to fully flesh out a woman who was raised to do whatever her husband told her , but eventually found the courage to stand up for herself .
... a true story very well done by Tim Burton ... Adams is as good here as she 's ever been .
A much darker and more interesting movie lies within the body of this one . While it 's very good , and I really have no complaints , darker would have been better .
Tim Burton 's new biopic of painter Margaret Keane separates itself from the pack in a prickly , delightful way .
There are so many interesting phenomena at play in the Keanes ' story that it 's disappointing to see it all boiled down into a reductive hero 's journey .
Like Margaret Keane 's artwork , Big Eyes catches viewers with its surface quirks , but there 's also something taking place underneath the surface .
You can see Walter as kind of a dark mirror to Ed Wood , whose motto seemed to be that people should do what they love , even if they are terrible at it . Walter 's motto seems to be to do what you love - even if you are n't actually doing it .
Waltz ham-and-eggs Adams off the screen . In the process , the movie strands her character without an inner life , a psychology , or anything that would indicate what makes her tick .
What Burton 's approach most lacks is insight - big eyes do n't see too deeply - but it 's still a fascinating story told with flair .
The perfect account of an act of artistic plagiarism that managed to con the American public ... and eventually drove his abused spouse to paint the real picture .
Burton also addresses a question previously raised in his 1994 `` Ed Wood '' : What is art ? And who gets to decide ?
The whole cast is hamstrung by a script that only runs Wikipedia-deep .
Big Eyes is n't just the most traditional film Burton has ever made , it 's also one of his most entertaining .
The talented cast does absolutely everything they can with the material they 've been provided , but unfortunately Big Eyes is forgettable fluff that may be harmless but completely dry , as well .
The story is just so downright weird that the film ca n't help but be compelling . Just not as compelling as it could have been .
I watched wide-eyed with dismay while the film turned as lifeless as the paintings .
A wondrously strange true story about art and heartbreak , intellectual property theft , and the subjugation of women .
The story itself is fascinating ... which helps , and Amy Adams ' quiet meticulous performance as Margaret Keane is a beautiful and emotional piece of work .
The story and the storytellers are equally important in creating a fascinating tale . And then , of course , there 's the director .
An unusually ordinary film from Tim Burton .
While Big Eyes features some strong lead performances and a fascinating story , just like Margaret Keane 's paintings , it never amounts to more than a pleasant distraction .
... Big Eyes is most alive when Burton is doodling in the margins .
Tim Burton buttons down his kooky expressiveness with Big Eyes , but the resulting film is one of his better -LRB- and more self-reflective -RRB- in recent memory .
Burton delivers what could be one of his most conventional pics . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
There 's not a drop of Burton to be found , no style or wit , and the screenplay plays a little too loose with the facts .
In `` Big Eyes , '' the sincerity of the artist trumps the judgment of the critics , and her vision triumphs over fraudulent promotion . It makes a passionate case for her . Whether it vindicates her art is another question entirely .
A very good film about very bad art .
You ca n't help but sense Tim Burton nodding in agreement when Walter bellows , `` Just because people like my work , does that make it bad ? ''
Throughout his career , Burton has always been capable of surprising audiences . `` Big Eyes '' is no exception .
Burton pulls back on his traditional Goth goofiness to give these characters and their story the respect they deserve .
Fails to convey the material in a particularly creative or inventive way with Waltz 's constant scenery-chewing detracting from any insight the story tries to offer .
Represents a solid return to form for Burton , even if it never attains the dizzying heights of ` Ed Wood . '
Adams is very good at the difficult art of making passive characters interesting -- a gift that stands her in good stead here .
I hate to say it , but Big Eyes just is n't weird enough for director Tim Burton .
While the story is a wild , eccentric ride , the biggest shock may be just how straightforward Big Eyes is .
Nimble , off the beaten track and very entertaining , it 's the cinematic equivalent of a lava lamp .
The story of Walter and Margaret Keane is bona fide movie material through and through , but rich narrative drama is just not part of Burton 's wheelhouse .
Burton lets his film putter along in middle gear , provoking neither riotous laughter nor emotional immersion .
This portrait of a woman on the verge - of success , of suppression , of submission , of rebellion - is never fully realized .
What matters is , does the artist speak through this work ? And does this work speak to you ? And `` Big Eyes '' does . I just wish it spoke louder .
The paintings and their maker , superficial though they may be , deserve more . So do viewers .
Delightfully entertaining . The first live-action movie Tim Burton has made in a decade where you can tell he actually gave a rip about the material .
Call it a well-intentioned but half-hearted and misguided vindication .
Burton pokes fun at Keane 's art , but he kids because he loves , and Big Eyes productively asks the question of whether the paintings are art or kitsch -LRB- probable answer : both -RRB- .
... a witty , satirical , and thoroughly enjoyable romp at the movies . This is Burton 's best since `` Big Fish . ''
Amy Adams delivers a fabulously layered performance as the mousy spouse who finally sues for justice .
As a kid , I had a couple of framed Keane prints hanging in my room ... at the time they were regarded as kitsch , but `` Ed Wood '' screenwriters Scott Alexander & Larry Karaszewski unveil the fascinating story that lies underneath
Terrific performances and a strong script add up to Tim Burton 's best movie in a long time .
I do n't know that Burton 's gothic whimsy is the right touch for a story that cries out for something more akin to melodrama .
Burton paints a vividly complex picture of gender bias and repressed creativity , with a whole lot of betrayal thrown in for good measure .
Lies , frustration , lies , frustration , repeat .
Despite a few narrative snags , it is a sturdily crafted period piece . Along the way , Burton also delivers an impassioned justification of art in all of its forms .
We do ... get a terrific story and a recognisably Burtonesque Blonde Ingénue in Amy Adams 's Margaret Keane .
Burton has the right eye for the pop magnetism of the Keane paintings and for the period kitsch , and Adams ' unique brand of fragile spunk is right for the role of Margaret .
Visually inventive , as are all of Burton 's movies , `` Big Eyes '' is pleasant enough to watch ; you just wish there were more to it .
The end result is a breezy look into a bizarre corner of pop-culture history , but it is n't much more substantial than Burton 's recent cinematic flights of fancy .
A smart , funny , feel-good film -- from Tim Burton ? It 's his best since `` Ed Wood . ''
`` Big Eyes '' toys with some amusing ideas , and that 's enough .
This is a return to form for Burton , a film more reminiscent of Edward Scissorhands or Ed Wood , lower-budget pictures that were not so much memorable for a certain artistic milieu but more so for their deftly constructed characters .
Big Eyes is an entertaining , thought-provoking , and often insightful drama on the subject of art and authorship . However , it 's marred by an uneven approach .
A straightforward and mature film with little in the way of overt weirdness .
Instead of comic and dramatic provocation , `` Big Eyes '' settles for a pastel set of emotions lost in a primary color world .
`` Big Eyes '' is technically and aesthetically attractive .
The Keane story is a rich parable that deserves either a wilder or a more acute telling than Burton provides here .
Tim Burton brings the disparate elements together into an affecting whole by keeping his focus squarely on the struggle and triumph at the heart of the story .
Tim Burton fashions the perfect frame around these actors and then lets them fill out this marvelous creation .
Most resounding of the layers that unfold as Walter 's epic fraud burns to the ground is the notion of a superior artist 's work being hidden under the brush of someone else 's signature , echoing Burton 's early years as an unappreciated animator -LSB- at -RSB- Disney .
Big Eyes has plenty of surface pleasures , but there was reason to expect more than that from it .
A solidly entertaining film , one that finds the humor in an unfamiliar tale of human art and artifice .
Underneath the angst of Margaret 's story lies another level of equally uneasy turmoil .
Big Eyes is the least Tim Burton-y movie he 's made in twenty years , and at this juncture in Burton 's career , that may be the best possible thing he could have done .
A disappointing holiday flick about a cad who shafts his passive artistic wife .
It dwells in that amorphously ill-defined zone , Dramedyland , a place from whence audiences too often return with a shrug and a vague sense of confusion and disappointment .
`` Eyes '' Struggles to Find its Voice
Fascinating , nimbly acted and , an er , eye-opening look at the culture of male dominance of a couple generations past .
Intriguing but curiously shallow - revealing art as identity theft .
Another phony and hollow piece of sugary kitschploitation masquerading under the guise of an `` important true story '' that places a nearly grotesque premium on style over any traces over substance .
Where the outrageous arc of the Keane success story needed a patina of realism to convince , Waltz and Burton invariably make big , over-the-top choices .
The mood is almost as bright as the look , presenting the San Francisco art and jazz scene like a theme park or better , a Disney live-action movie starring Kurt Russell .
One of the best pictures of the year
It refreshes to see Burton tackle more personal fare , but Big Eyes does n't quite cut it . This is never as amusing , dramatic or emotional as it should be .
Tim Burton 's return to real-life storytelling is entertaining but flawed . See it for a fascinating true story and a fantastic Amy Adams . Beware the uneven tone , a lack of depth and Christoph Waltz 's monumental mugging .
It 's an intriguing true story , but Burton only toys with pre-feminist points and the tension between commercial and artistic success . Not bad , but a little paint-by-numbers .
Big Eyes deserves kudos for exploring the symbiotic relationship between business and art and it feels very personal at times .
Burton lets Waltz run wild , sucking the air out of every scene with his hysterics , and the always-endearing Adams is left looking like a rabbit in the headlights .
Involving look at both a unique style of painting and the evolution of a fraud .
This is a nimble , often distressing biopic about the American artist Margaret Keane - best known for her kitschy portraits of children and kittens - that represents a lovely change of pace for tent-pole king Tim Burton .
`` Big Eyes '' is still a compelling film , well presented and solidly performed by leads Amy Adams and Christoph Waltz . But more weirdness would have done wonders .
Burton 's study of the strange case of Margaret and Walter Keane is a diverting black comedy which dramatises relevant questions about sexual stereotype and artistic authorship .
Although handsomely designed and photographed , Tim Burton 's Big Eyes fails to peer into the soul of the tormented Margaret Keane .
Big Eyes is Burton 's most interesting film in quite some time , and the most personal if the thinly-veiled metaphor of the narrative is anything to go by .
Despite its sharp feminist sting , Big Eyes never loses its light touch . Maybe the lesson here is that Burton should venture out of his dark , creepy comfort zone more often .
Another Tim Burton fairy tale . Adams and Waltz miscast . The screenplay is shallow and has no depth . The ham-fisted acting does n't help .
Big Eyes is as much a Tim Burton film as Big Fish or Frankenweenie , and it is a high water mark on a fascinating filmography .
In style as in content , it offers neither the granular detail of more subtle period pieces nor enough of Tim Burton 's spirited eccentricity to register as anything other than what one character derides as `` that representational jazz . ''
Big Eyes is a movie of shocking complexity and grace , given how simple it seems on the surface .
Big Eyes does Margaret Keane justice . Adams is so emotional you feel her heartbreak in the earliest simple betrayals , let alone when it gets more intense . Waltz is whimsical and charming , tragic and frightening .
The business of art and the female Stuck-Home Syndrome ? As Burton crafts a canvas of his own pitting stifled rebellion against embarrassing expediency . And if he 's also taking on the movie industry that shoves art aside for profit too , all power to him .
Though it is set 50 years ago , Big Eyes is eerily a film of the moment .
An incredible return to form for Tim Burton , who once again has found an outsider hero worth filming , and who here does some of his finest work in bringing her to life .
This nimble , bemused , culturally curious look at the married instigators of the kitschy `` big eyes '' paintings of the early 1960s exudes an enjoyably eccentric appeal while also painting a troubling picture of male dominance and female submissiveness ...
A depressingly bad and soulless seriocomedy .
`` The most human film from Burton since `` Ed Wood , '' this biopic of kitsch painter Margaret Keane -LRB- Amy Adams -RRB- marks a small but significant artistic growth . ''
It 's a thoughtful , funny and often complexly lovely film .
`` Big Eyes '' does n't seem to trust either the factual truth or the emotional logic of the dilemma it 's showing us .
Stepping away from the worlds of fantasy , horror and science fiction for the first time in 20 years , director Tim Burton delivers one of his most thoughtful and accomplished works in far too long .

@highlight

Well-acted , thought-provoking , and a refreshing change of pace for Tim Burton , Big Eyes works both as a biopic and as a timelessly relevant piece of social commentary .