A colossal mess , which is not at all as dispiriting as those remakes of classic horror which are just empty , shallow exercises in genre mechanics .
All setup and no payoff makes this a dull film .
Neither horror , nor comedy . It 's barely even a movie ...
Black Christmas works best as a campy deconstruction of the genre than it does as a horror film .
this reimagining showcases with encyclopaedic relish just about every slasher convention and variation that has evolved over the last thirty or so years since the original Black Christmas screened .
Shockingly awful in every way imaginable ...
The fans will dig the brief-yet-nasty FX work , but they 'll have to slog through a pretty tiresome movie just to get their hands on those nuggets .
Morgan is never satisfied with a straightforward camera setup or with a simple asphyxiation -- not when he can shoot from a disorienting diagonal and give you an asphyxiation , eye-gouging , neck-breaking , and impalement all at once .
It 's hard to get worked up over the fate of characters whose identities remain largely a matter of conjecture .
full review in Greek
Glen Morgan 's update of Bob Clark 's 1974 slasher flick Black Christmas is an exemplar of how to screw up a modern horror film remake .
It 's old-school stupid .
Katie Cassidy , Michelle Trachtenberg , Mary Elizabeth Winstead , and Lacey Chabert are pretty , but by not humanizing them , Morgan places viewers in his killer 's perspective .
Black Christmas lacks the timing and visual wit to make its splattery EC Comics gags either genuinely scary or funny .
Just another slasher flick that stopped off at the theater on its way to the $ 5.50 dump bin at Wal-Mart .
Director Glen Morgan has a nice pictorial sense and a flair for ghoulish caricature , but the film is muddled and choppy .
Like the fruitcake sitting on your counter it 's a rather rote waste of time , and for the life of me I ca n't come up with anything else to say .
As yuletide counterprogramming goes , here 's one smelly lump of coal .
One for real horror-buffs only .
Although this is a more standard horror film , the tone is witty and gleefully grisly .
Despite some admirably gory bits , this is a disappointing horror remake that 's neither as scary nor as funny as it thinks it is .
Unfortunately for those hoping for shower scenes and other R-rated shenanigans , there 's only one and it 's pretty lame .
The result 's an undemanding multiplex filler -- a ho-ho-horror movie that knows it 's the season to be jolly .
A modern horror movie featuring a non-ironic shower scene is far less knowing than it pretends to be .
the most audacious and unlikely great horror movie in years !
A surprisingly memorable creepfest that fleshes out the characters ' backstories while adding a heaping helping of blacker-than-pitch humor to the proceedings .
Creativity is a stranger to this sick excuse for entertainment , which pounds a ridiculous back story into a butchered rehash that includes incest , cannibalism , eyeball gouging and impossibly dumb plot contrivances .
It also exchanges the police subplot that gave the earlier film its steady pace for a lot of pointless backstory about the mother-fixated stalker .
If you were thinking of seeing the remake over your holiday break , consider the original Black Christmas , directed by Clark , instead . It was recently released on DVD and is considerably less irritating .
Oh , how painfully incompetent this movie is .
What would Christmas be without the release of a lackluster horror movie ?
This movie serves up a bland , interchangeable mix of victims . Because the sitting ducks do n't display any personality , it 's hard to get worked up about their fate .
Even by the notoriously low standards of sadistic slasher pics , this remake is a thoroughly nasty piece of work , relying heavily on such gruesome spectacles as the baking -LRB- and consuming -RRB- of Christmas cookies made from chunks of human flesh .
Connoisseurs of trashy moviemaking are left with a bland slasher film , filled with a bad guy who lacks menace , a script that lacks humor and several hot young characters who have the nerve to go throughout the picture without taking their clothes off .
It 's one of the least original serial killer flicks of the decade .
'T is the season to enjoy some bloodshed with your eggnog , right ? Not in this case .
Morgan borrows Christmas-specific nastiness from a wide range of fright flicks , but the result is less than the sum of its parts .
Glen Morgan 's disastrous remake smothers terror beneath a blanket of unnecessary information , revealing too much and teasing too little .
Where the first film was a seminal forerunner of early stalker classics like Halloween , this version feels as stale as old gingerbread .
The sorority girls are so interchangeable , and so uninteresting , that I got to wishing that Morgan and all those who tred the lucrative horror remake market would take the time to create a bonafide heroine whose survival we could cheer .
Let 's be clear : The new Black Christmas is n't in any way scary , realistic or well acted , but Morgan , who cocreated the Final Destination series , knows how to stage an elaborate kill for laughs .
Silly , obvious , clumsy , and just gruesome enough to keep jaded genre fans from angrily throwing popcorn at the screen .
Dank , stupid and -- the most unpardonable of sins -- extraordinarily tedious .
Morgan 's gleeful desire to shock the audience both with the gore and the perverse backstory is delightfully infectious .
For me , this was one of the best horror movies of the year , which sounds glowing until you consider the competition .
The remake neither pays perceptive tribute to the original nor updates it in anything but hackneyed form .
Like an ugly tie or a pair of slipper socks , Black Christmas is destined to be forgotten the instant it 's unwrapped , gathering dust until the season rolls around again .
an R-rated misfire from beginning to end
It 's desperately punch-yourself-in-the-face awful in every single way . Why oh why could n't Billy gouge my eyes out ?
Dumbed-down , unscary hokum without a clue how to ratchet up a person 's heartbeat .
Who needs Scrooge or the Grinch to ruin your holiday cheer when you have tired horror rehashes like this one ?
Lazy , perfunctory and free of tension , the new version will satisfy neither the admirers of the original nor anyone looking for a gory respite from seasonal good cheer .
Black Christmas 2006 vs. Black Christmas 1974 is like finding beneath your tree an X-Box compared to Pong , or a Tribotix Robotis Bioloid compared to a Malibu Barbie . In short : Things have definitely perked up in the gore department !
Bad film fans will think Christmas has come early , everyone else should ask for the receipt .






@highlight

A gratuitous remake of the 1974 slasher , Black Christmas pumps out the gore and blood with zero creativity , humor , or visual flair .