V/H/S could have been really , really good instead of just really , really interesting . As it stands , it 's worth watching just to see the seeds of several very clever ideas emerge .
Consistently intense but inconsistently satisfying ... in its attempt to pack relentlessly downbeat horror into 20-minute packages .
A solid and entertaining anthology film ...
Conceptual pedantry aside , there are things to enjoy here .
A hit-and-miss affair .
It might well be a brand-new different kind of found footage movie , but it 's no better a work of horror cinema as a result .
The anthology framework works well and features enough audacious moments to merit a viewing .
This has been attracting a lot of enthusiasm from horror buffs but it is hard to see why .
A nauseating experience on every level .
A mixed bag of found-footage horror shorts , this anthology gives rising star filmmakers a chance to do something original with the genre . Of course , some of the clips are much more effective than others , and some are little more than gimmicky jokes .
Thankfully , more often than not , these five shorts work .
Smart , scary stuff .
Several of the shorts build ingeniously , and their brevity solves the serial problem of found footage , which is how to maintain interest and plausibility in shaky-cam antics for a whole feature .
Fails to fulfil its grisly potential .
V/H/S works very well , with some of the segments genuinely inducing a sense of dread and unease while others create a videotape reality that just delights with its own twisted logic .
Spectacular hits and forgivable misses make this a surefire candidate for cult status .
A fantastic and fantastical example of how much life remains in the handy cam horror genre .
Entertaining horror anthology with strong performances , decent special effects and a handful of nice ideas , though some of the stories work better than others and the film is let down by a weak linking segment .
Like last year 's Chronicle , here 's another reminder that in the right hands found footage still has plenty of capacity to surprise .
Some of the segments are more successful than others , but all of them could do with better actors .
Screechy , surprising and , in places , proper scary , this glitchy genre mixtape puts invention ahead of attention span , representing a 4/6 victory for killer over filler .
The six segments vary in quality from awful to just bad , and at two hours the film is too long and too uneven to be a worthwhile watch .
Tiresome turkey seldom provokes anything but weary derision .
I do n't care for this kind of horror film and I found it hard to watch . This film really creeped me out , and I guess that is what this kind of film is supposed to do .
With some work on the script and some polish , this could have been an interesting film . Instead , it 's just an experiment with mixed results .
Much more stylish and novel , at this point , than the ` Paranormal ' sequels and other studio-embraced found-footage shockers , the movie makes a virtue of the distressed yet esthetically pleasing look of old VHS tape , as well as Skype and other technologies .
Six short scary tales , heavy on the gore and often light on creativity .
Perhaps it 's time to put the `` POV , found footage '' horror subgenre out to pasture , the way the western faded into obscurity .
The Filmmakers should 've consulted one another re : their content-one more segment with a group of A-HOLES carrying on like the cast of JACKASS and my head may have exploded .
Pretty uneven , but it has a fresh spirit and it feels like these filmmakers want the final word on the found-footage horror craze . After six shorts full of shaky cam and thin plot lines , you might be ready to let them put it to rest .
The mostly played-out found footage aesthetic has its limitations , and V/H/S does n't escape all of them . But the collected directors do manage to make many of those limitations into the films ' strengths .
If I owned this movie on a real VHS tape , I 'd record over it .
It 's not a bad concept , but the execution is predictably hit-and-miss .
I came , I saw , I hunkered .
Watching douche bags get their comeuppance loses its charms the fourth or fifth time through .
`` V/H/S '' probably sounded great in the pitch meeting , but it loses all luster through some shoddy execution .
Unpleasant to watch and unoriginal evocation of `` The Blair Witch Project '' and J-Horror .
Two hours of nausea-inducing shaky cam footage that fails to tell a coherent or engrossing central story .
The quality is consistent ... and all six segments come up with some genuinely spooky ideas .
The film also plays to the strengths of the found-footage format , proving that sometimes the scariest things are the ones you can barely see .
Hardcore horror lovers will soak up the gruesome morsels .
`` V/H/S '' puts the majority of today 's mainstream `` scary '' movies to shame ; perhaps the solution is to cut them all down to about 15 minutes , and fund them on a shoestring .
At nearly two hours , the gimmick punctures a hole in itself , causing ambience bleed-out .
Six horror shorts - one sings , the others mostly do n't .
A low-budget horror anthology with segments both ghastly and moronic ...
-LSB- A -RSB- too-long , violent horror anthology ...
No one should be expected to endure 115 minutes of this nonsense .
This anthology of `` found footage '' horror featurettes is predictably hit-and-miss .
... chaotic cinematography capturing unsympathetic characters in illogical stories . At least Wingard honored the anthology 's title with his medium - most of the other shorts are clearly digital , so why would they have ended up on VHS cassettes ?
-LSB- Embodies -RSB- the whole found footage horror genre : there 's a few highlights , most of it does n't work at all , and after a while the ` reality ' feels especially artificial .
`` The Blair Witch Project '' meets mumblecore .
Reports of the found-footage movie 's death have been greatly exaggerated , if this sly and often very creepy horror anthology about four lowlifes who agree to steal a mysterious videocassette is anything by which to judge .
This indie compilation has enough inventive chills to interest any horror fan .
I did like the first segment , but the others are the reasons why I normally dislike many entries from the horror genre . It 's an interesting concept , but unfortunately it just falls apart .
This horror anthology collects six shorts of varying quality , all purported to be found footage . My favorite is Ti West 's Second Honeymoon .
Enough smart ideas and chilling moments to recommend it to fans of any of its multiple genres , but I would never suggest it to a general audience .
On the surface , these may indeed sound like they would be interesting stories to put together for a horror collection , but sadly , `` V/H/S '' suffers from a very poor level of writing .
Even the title feels like a suggestion that you 're better off waiting to watch it at home .
Not for the faint of heart or the easily motion sick .
I would rather let Justin Bieber punch me in the face for a week than spend another two hours watching V/H/S .
All told , V/H/S brings some cohesion to the Wild West of indie horror filmmaking , and seems destined to become a key artifact of a DIY era .
What 's the point ? None of the segments is particularly compelling . Strung together , it 's way too much of a muchness .
An ingenious hybrid : part Godardian art film , part abstract video experiment , part sleazy shocker , and all self-castigating interrogation of what film-theory types call the `` male gaze . ''
It lands most firmly - and most often - on the side of freaky and tense as all hell .
Mainly , the omnibus film feels undercooked , even on the grounds of its forced technological setup .
In too many of the shorts , bad acting quickly undermines the `` authenticity '' the aesthetics labor to achieve .
An admirable experiment that is partially successful , crafted by admirable filmmakers -- only some of whom are successful with their approaches to found-footage horror .
All of the short films are genuinely unnerving , and the point-of-view camerawork is , at times , startling .
An anthology of found-footage horror shorts that exudes , sometimes extraordinarily , a neophyte 's sense of courage and cluelessness .
With different directors , writers , and cast for each of the individual sequences , there 's a little something for every horror fan in V/H/S , from a haunted house to a vicious monster to a mysterious crime tale .
... shot in subdued light , making darkness a key element in setting up the jump-out-from-the-dark scares . Still , the 17 to 24 year old male demographic will enjoy the show .
Ok , so V/H/S / has its drawbacks , but for such a collaborative directorial effort I think it worked pretty well .
A grab-bag of clever , diverse frights .
While two of the tales retain a satisfying bite , the experiment as a whole is tiring and often ridiculous , spending most of its energy supporting a concept that wears out its welcome after ten minutes of exposure .
2012 's finest horror movie so far and one of the best of the past few years .
Men are bastards , women are beasts and heroes are doomed
in the end the bloody parts of V/H/S are better than the whole - but still , with the many talents at work here , this may just be the retro-future of horror .
Undeniably uneven but considerably more spirited and ambitious than we 've seen from Hollywood lately .
V/H/S is a meaty , full-fat horror anthology and like all of them , brings with its frequent terror plenty of flaws .
Incomprehensible camera-work , dodgy acting , repetitious pacing , lazy jump scares and low-resolution boobies
A fairly fun ride , crafted by filmmakers who understand the genre enough to set any pretensions aside .
A typically uneven horror anthology ...
Overall , this collection of video nasties will ensure you 'll want to sleep with the light on , and be glad you converted to DVD .
Cinema 's first found-footage horror anthology suggests that there 's still some life left in these old tropes .
Cinema 's first found-footage horror anthology suggests that there 's still some life left in these old tropes .
You 'd be surprised how often V/H/S stumbles into something truly ingenious as it tears its way through genre conventions , stock characters and countless dramatic tonal shifts .
Sadly , V/H/S is more miss than hit .
The shorts taken on their own might be perfectly acceptable found-footage episodes , but digested as a whole film , packaged together , it becomes a difficult thing to watch .
A fascinating , modern-ish spin on one of the coolest old horror tricks : the anthology film .
Refreshingly , V/H/S promises no more than it delivers , always a plus with genre fare .
The segments vary in quality and the whole overstays its welcome at nearly two hours .
A film consumed with bad deeds recorded and recovered , helmed by a who 's - who of current genre mavens and delivered with a sense of playfulness around concepts and conceits generally exploited to lure in the gullible .
a horror anthology which chillingly showcases both the breadth of interesting ideas still available to explore within the genre , and the considerable talent of some of its most promising filmmakers .
One of the scariest movies I 've seen in recent memory .

@highlight

An uneven collection of found-footage horror films , V/H/S has some inventive scares but its execution is hit-and-miss .