One of the most entertaining and most successful movie star pictures of its decade .
The pretty onscreen union of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie is the only thing `` Mr. & Mrs. Smith '' offers an audience beyond a relentlessly repetitive series of gunfights and car chases wherein so many bullets are fired that you feel like you 're witnessing a
For a retread of `` True Lies '' I expected much more .
Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a playful film , sort of a War of the Roses by way of True Lies , and it never tries to preach or give its characters some crisis of conscience .
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie hardly qualify as a latter-day William Powell and Myrna Loy , but they handle the Nick and Nora Charles-style zingers with enough snap that you can generally tell they 're zingers .
A sexy action romp with the impossibly beautiful Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , Mr and Mrs Smith is a sizzler .
A jovial , half-smart domestic comedy in which domesticity itself is a joke .
As Jane and John Smith , Jolie and Pitt hit their movie-star stride . They complete each other .
If you 're willing to believe your spouse when he tells you that the reason he 's been staying out late at night is that he 's a hitman , then Mr. & Mrs. Smith may be just the tongue-in-cheek thriller for you .
Simon Kinberg 's script feels phoned in , while Doug Liman 's direction , adept with the massive explosions which dot the film , utterly fails at generating any romantic magic .
A fun little action romp that will play well with the audience it is aiming for -- so long as they do n't go in with any major expectations .
full review in Greek
Pitt and Jolie have chemistry to burn , and the film hits more often than it misses .
The script is all beginning , with no middle and no end -- the action simply stops , and the credits roll .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith works on almost every level and against all odds .
a near-perfect popcorn movie . See it , love it , then move right along , folks .
The couple 's dark , deadpan banter is amusing , particularly during a car chase in which they rapidly exchange some home truths . But there 's a coldness to their characters that is never resolved .
An infuratingly glib star vehicle that plays like Prizzi 's Honor for morons .
What a fun movie !
The biggest screen orgasm of the year .
... the script runs out of fresh ideas fast and degenerates quickly .
What sounds in principle like a pitch for a TV pilot instead plays like an old-fashioned romantic comedy with updated hardware .
A preening , superficial film that expects you to appreciate its smart concept without noticing the stupid execution .
une bonne excuse pour se mettre à l'abris de la canicule pendant deux heures , mais demeure trop simplet pour que l'on puisse parler d'un effort satisfaisant à long terme .
There 's something entertaining about watching two adults shooting at each other and destroying their belongings all in the name of therapy .
-LSB- E -RSB- xpertly entertaining on several levels ... but what really revs up the movie and launches it into comedy heaven are the performances of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie .
If you can imagine an unhappy marriage as a house of flying daggers and torrents of verbal spousal abuse transformed by a comic vision into fusillades of bullets , it will strike a chord .
Less like therapy and more like good ol' fashioned domestic -- and audience -- abuse .
... it 's a romantic comedy with a body count .
While the ending gets way too noisy , the movie is quite enjoyable .
There is clearly some intentional satire here , but there 's too much attention paid to the spectacle and not enough to what little substance there is .
The movie is best when it 's about a married couple who inhabit action movies for a living , and falters when it wants to be an action movie itself .
Mr & Mrs Smith is a revenge fantasy that hinges on murderous thoughts . It is bookended by marriage guidance counselling with the stars , Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
A lark , a loud , good-looking , escapist , pointless laugh of a film that 's more about the beautiful people in its two lead roles than it is about plot or characters .
If violence is truly the only way to resurrect matrimonial bliss then perhaps we should seriously consider a constitutional amendment banning heterosexual marriage .
They 're hot , they 're married , and they 're trying to kill each other .
... the story line was about as thin as an ice rink in the desert .
The romantic comedy parts of Mr. & Mrs. Smith work better than the action/thriller parts . But nonetheless , it 's a fun ride at the movies that 's sure to please everyone .
It 's so breezily managed by Simon Kinberg 's script that you never give the movie 's central coincidence a second thought .
Part of the problem is the script 's constant seesaw between sincerity and glibness .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is one of those films that survives more or less on sheer star wattage alone .
A film with enough snap , crackle and pop to keep the gob of any sceptic shut for a couple of hours .
Failing to make a commitment to character development or genre , Mr. & Mrs. Smith feels like a bad relationship that goes on way too long .
It was precisely at the 70-minute mark , where Brad Pitt is repeatedly kicking Angelina Jolie in the stomach , that I figured , no . Stop hoping .
Have we lost our minds and souls so completely to celebrity worship that drivel like Mr. and Mrs. Smith can thrive and prosper ?
More attention is lavished on the fight and chase scenes than the relatively superficial message , but you do n't go to a big budget summer movie in search of Ingmar Bergman .
Complaints about character triviality aside , if you 're in assassin mode you might want to line up the Smiths in your sights for an explosive summertime escapade .
A dry , twisted commentary on marriage and intimacy .
Should have been funnier , or at least not played the dramatic irony card so soon ... lags and uneven pacing kill the chemistry .
If you factor out Jolie 's eye-candy quotient , what remains of Mr. and Mrs. Smith could barely fit into a box of Junior Mints .
The stars ' sizzle plus dialogue to die for and stylish direction make Mr. and Mrs. Smith a summer hit .
Brad Pitt , Angelina Jolie and director Doug Liman team up for a perfect piece of snap-crackle-popcorn entertainment .
But this is n't about plot , it 's about snappy banter and blowing stuff up ! Silly fictions hitting each other , right ? . What more do you want , Philosophy ?
Somewhere among the impossibly athletic gunplay and impossibly witty sparring by two impossibly attractive leads is a sly , incisive metaphor for the modern American marriage .
The sharp dialogue is too often drowned out by the incessant explosions and automatic weapons fire .
The filmmakers thought that the combined star power of Pitt and Jolie rendered inessential the need for a coherent narrative , basic structure and an actual resolution .
since the dialogue is so spectacularly good , we care as much about these two facing their `` relationship '' as we do watching them , well , beat the crap out of each other .
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie mock marriage through star-romance disorder - Hollywood insiders claiming subversive status by assuming they 're a joke worth caring about .
... a stylish and slick romantic romp that is a sheer blast ... a stimulating actioner that is quite funny and visually appetizing .
Forget all the bad press ; the Smiths are a load of fun .
Substitutes gadgets , explosions and trashy double entendres for genuine sophistication .
Actioner thrives on killer stars . Jolie and Pitt sizzle as assassins .
Very good .
Angelina is so cool and so ... everything , Pitt has to break a sweat just to keep up with her .
... a conclusion that promises that we 'll have to endure a sequel whenever someone finally decides how the originally movie actually ended .
Beyond the James Bond-style jokes and an excellent score by John Powell , the film is as flimsy as Jolie 's outfits , but it 's still fun .
From a deep-fat fryer of Brangelina publicity comes not a greasy meal , but a solid summer souffle that crackles thanks to great chemistry , good action and an inventive score .
See Mr. and Mrs. Smith and send a clear message to US Rep Roy Blunt -LRB- R-Springfield -RRB- : People love Brad Pitt and he could kick your butt !
That it does work is due to the chemistry of the two stars , to some clever dialogue , along with lots of eye candy .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is like The War of the Roses combined with one of those `` Spy vs. Spy '' cartoons that used to run in Mad magazine .
This is Liman 's first bomb , after three killer films .
Despite all its violence , it 's an old-fashioned throwback , a contemporary man vs. woman screwball-like comedy that substitutes weapons for words .
É um passatempo descartável : tem sua parcela de momentos engraçados , é verdade , mas confia demais no charme de Pitt e Jolie para funcionar , faltando-lhe substância .
A romantic , action-comedy of high caliber with S & M to boot -- literally .
Married people - or at least people in long-term , live-in relationships - will appreciate it far more than your basic teenage action geek .
A spicy , cinematic gumbo of ` Prizzi 's Honor ' , ` The War of the Roses ' , ` True Lies ' , and ` Spy Vs. Spy ' with a dash of ` John Woo ' added for flavor .
So bewitching as a romantic , charged & aesthetically slick star vehicle that it 's easy to overlook its shakier aspects . Has adult summer blockbuster written all over it .
The studio must have reasoned that Jolie and Brad Pitt are movie stars , so anything they do would be seen as fun and attractive -- and what could be more fun and attractive than their trying to kill each other and just about everybody else in the movie ?
It 's a love story not for the faint of heart . In other words , it 's a lot like marriage .
Clearly , the script is n't subtle , but it is sly .
Promises more than it delivers -LRB- what film does n't ? -RRB- , and degenerates badly -LRB- and , to my mind , unforgivably -RRB- in the second half .
For connoisseurs of shoot - 'em - ups and Jolie 's legs , instant gratification awaits .
A movie so in love with itself it hardly needs us at all .
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie look like they had a terrific time making Mr. and Mrs. Smith -- but I certainly did n't have a good time watching it . Neither , I suspect , will many of you .
A one-joke movie .
This slick crowd-pleaser is so enjoyable that , despite the silly gags and corny cliches , by the end we 're hoping it becomes a franchise .
Just about worth seeing for the chemistry between its two stars ... but the overall glossiness is designed to blind you to the fact that there 's very little substance here .
Who knows what went on behind the screen between Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt , but what 's on the screen is extremely entertaining .
A violent romp with no socially redeeming value -- but it 's fun and sexy as hell .
It is an utter mixed bag , so schizophrenic a viewer needs a combination of Dramamine and Zoloft to get through it .
There are many combustible elements in ` Mr. and Mrs. Smith , ' but the key players are not among them . ... we 're just watching two gorgeous bodies trying to mess each other up .
Movie stars trade quips , stuff blows up , audiences go home happy .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith will prove a long , hard slog for filmgoers who do n't think that simply gazing at Pitt and Jolie constitutes a fun night out .
Chemistry is n't enough to keep the lethal pyrotechnics going for close to two hours .
Essentially , Mr. & Mrs. Smith exists for the purpose of showing off the gorgeous faces and physiques of its two stars , and for giving its audience the dubious pleasure of watching them beat each other up .
A high-gloss , high-caliber domestic squabble , a lip-lock and load romance that might just as easily have been called ` Mr. & Mrs. Smith & Wesson . '
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is an awful movie with two very good-looking people in it .
Though never as bland as its title , Mr. and Mrs. Smith wraps a lot of expensive plastic around a lot of almost nothing .
Entertains in spurts but overdoses on pyrotechnics , shenanigans and gadgetry .
Pitt and Jolie make sexy sparring partners , but they ca n't lift this leaden material .
As witty , as fast-paced and as funny as the better comedies of Hollywood 's screwball era .
It 's not perfect . It 's like a marriage .
What we get is a star-showcase-diluted dance of death . Angie and Brad may flip a little sweat doing an angry tango , but they 're not really going to mess up their hair much .
` lots of snappy humor and winning performances by Brad Pitt , Angelina Jolie and Vince Vaughn .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's genuine wit and smarts and luscious allowance for the mysteries of lusty attraction and even lustier strife between men and women ...
Once the cat 's out of the bag and the spouses become mortal enemies , the film takes a nosedive , morphing from a sleek , winking comedy into an assembly-line action flick .
Their much-hyped kiss-kiss , bang-bang movie is an expensive time-waster , full of slow-motion explosions and big-scene payoffs that turn out to be duds .
There 's no real kick to all the wanton destruction , no sense of real thrill or peril , because the movie , which was written by Simon Kinberg -LRB- and rewritten , and then rewritten some more during production -RRB- chickens out .
Ultimately Mr. and Mrs. Smith is a case of fancy wrapping on an empty box .
It should be said that sex appeal is not the only appealing factor in Mr. & Mrs. Smith . Despite the dull title slapped on this flick , the movie is an absolute blast .
A cute little romantic comedy buried under enough overblown action , gaudy firepower and special effects to fill a Jerry Bruckheimer picture .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith proves that what seemed to be a darkly funny primer on the state of marriage is really a romantic comedy in disguise .
The script skates between tense and trite - but the chemistry between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie is irresistable .
It 's a two-hour therapy session with lots of firepower . What a blast .
There 's nothing on its mind -- because it does n't have one . Even more disastrously , it does n't have a heart .
Admittedly , Mr. & Mrs. Smith operates on a one-joke premise . But - in a departure from a lot of what Hollywood has delivered so far this year -- at least the joke is funny .
While Pitt and Jolie create chemistry , the rest of the movie works itself into a near-frenzy , blasting away at ... well ... nearly everything .
A tart , tasty , occasionally overly brutal parable about modern marriage wrapped in an action flick .
Director Liman delivers his fourth film as yet another solid entertainment , neither masterly nor clumsy .
Leave aside the preposterous idea that professional killers , each of whom maintains an arsenal of weapons on their suburban property , could live together for six years without realizing they 're in the same line of work .
A painfully incoherent action-comedy .
Like a relationship you may want to think carefully about committing to , it puts you through an awful lot to get to the good stuff .
cool but silly , stylish but senseless , this high-concept blockbuster is a failed hybrid of screwball comedy , action-adventure , spy-thriller and marital drama
Mr. & Mrs. Smith is an action comedy for suburban women that 's as toothless as a newborn , and nearly as stupid .
A giddy piece of entertainment that nearly achieves greatness before some meddling , perhaps , kept him from delivering the finale the film deserves .
More evocative of Fred Astaire than James Bond , John 's killer athleticism reflects a general quickness of mind .
It 's a hit , man -LRB- no , it 's two hitmen , which makes it twice as entertaining -RRB- .
Pitt and Jolie have sexual chemistry to burn in Mr. & Mrs. Smith , a sharply funny comedy-thriller that is a rare instance of a movie getting better as it goes along .
The problem is that nothing matters . It 's just two very attractive people shooting at each other and blowing things up .
Exasperatingly senseless , silly thriller weighed down with absurd action and overblown violence .
... A wonderful take on the action-comedy with twisted humor worthy of Hitchcock .
Gets some kicks out of smashing elements of romantic comedy into the staples of the spy movie .
Liman has a terrific gift for staging action , and each successive picture he 's made has found the filmmaker more confident with budget and tonal changes .
A wearisome hybrid of action drama and romantic comedy .
Nobody can wear a skintight leather dominatrix outfit while wielding a pistol with more authority than Jolie
With no glint of interpersonal chemistry , Mr. and Mrs. Smith is sent off to hobble on crutches of weak one-liners and weaker shoot 'em up scenes .
Very much an action movie , albeit one that 's uncharacteristically mischievous and lighthearted ...
There comes a time in every marriage , usually at the 5 or 6 year mark when you want to kill your spouse . Pitt and Jolie sizzle together .
As an undemanding Friday night popcorn flick , this is right on the money .
This is it . This is exactly what I look for in my summer popcorn flicks . Fun , fun , fun .
Not only a sexy action-comedy but the most unexpected date movie this summer .
It 's pretty amazing what a few strong actors and a more-than-half-decent screenplay can do for an action flick .
For these stars , this is a chance to win over the audience with their main gift : their screen charisma .
What more could you want than to see two beautiful people fight , chase , shoot , dance and make up ? It 's When Harry Met Sally with guns .
Pitt lends just the right amount of bemusement to make the proceedings seem , well , if not quite credible , then at the very least charmingly farfetched .
Fast-paced with just the right blend of genres , Mr. and Mrs. Smith is surprisingly good .
An absolutely ridiculous movie that happens to be ridiculously fun .
Pitt is smooth , while Jolie has the sexiest , in-your-face screen presence in decades -LRB- she 's a walking , talking special effect all on her own , and she 's a great actress . WOW ! -RRB- .
Both actors handle the comedy and action with equal aplomb , he with his every-dude casualness , she with her hot-babe intensity . Sorry Ms. Aniston , but the two have chemistry .
Mr. And Mrs. Smith is great fun ! It 's no Academy piece - but it 'll give you some laughs , and giggles , while watching things go boom and bullets fly about ...
A chemistry-free film .
A kicky , twisted thrill ride , with enough laughs to leaven what can be read , at heart , as a metaphor for the modern marriage .
... a cute , action romance that benefits from its budget and stars
One more emotionless , brainless , overproduced action film .
... an attempted high tech update of yesteryear 's urbane screwball comedies . It works for a while , then Liman lets the gadgetry overtake the repartee .
In the end , star charisma and Liman 's style win us over and we relax into a sophisticated summertime diversion that is noticeably intended for adults .
How do you escape into a character when your persona is so overwhelming ? The alternative is to indulge in escapist mental floss that no one takes seriously .
What makes the movie work is that Pitt and Jolie have fun together on the screen , and they 're able to find a rhythm that allows them to be understated and amused even during the most alarming developments .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith offers a witty look at matrimony and its day-to-day tribulations .
a surprisingly witty film punctuated by some truly humorous bits
the script became a jumble of disjointed scenarios that prolongs the agony with inanity that fails to work even within the confines of very , very black comedy
... the film comes off as nothing less than a huge disappointment .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith has a beginning , but it lacks the always important middle and end .
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie star as married assassins who try to kill each other in a genre hybrid that combines comedy and action to awkward effect .
The movie is gleefully amoral , gleefully smug and gleefully chaotic .
No matter how dashing the two leads -- even as they get bloodied , blackened and battered around -- they 're not dashing enough to keep Mr. & Mrs. Smith from feeling interminable .
A mish-mash of action-adventure clichés , book-ended with lame attempts at psychological interest .
Nonsensical , superficial and occasionally smug , it 's also funny , stylish , exciting and sexy .
Whispery and low-key , it tries for the breeziness of the Cary Grant/Grace Kelly caper , To Catch a Thief , but is so smugly pleased with itself it ca n't be bothered to make actual jokes .
A rousing , sexy romantic comedy about a pair of undercover assassins who spice up their marriage when they get in each other 's cross hairs .
I doubt there will be a funnier action film all summer .
Mr. & Mrs. Smith opens with a laugh , and manages to suspend you in its buoyant world for longer than you might expect a movie teeming with death and violence to be able to do .
Mr. and Mrs. Smith has a one-joke premise , and it 's one we 've seen before ... But Liman fights valiantly to sustain the newfangled comic tango and largely succeeds .
The movie betrays its stars ' allure by piling on the property damage and gratuitous slaughter .
While the story feels haphazard , the movie gets by on gregarious charm , galloping energy and the stars ' thermonuclear screen chemistry .
The movie as a whole seems lazy , little more than a rickety vehicle for a couple of best-selling brand names .
Even more bombastic than ` War of the Roses . '
Pretty people . Big explosions . More plot holes than bullet holes . What more could you want from a summer blockbuster ?
Emotional therapy has n't been this action-packed since ` The Sopranos . '
Bring the spouse and live vicariously .
Misses by a country mile ... This charmless , bombastically overproduced picture generates plenty of carnage but remarkably little excitement , romance or fun .
Palpable sexual electricity between Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie provides Mr. and Mrs. Smith with all the power it needs to overcome a very silly plot .
... it 's all a lot of fun . Still , it 's hard not to be bothered by the movie 's utter lack of concern for ... even -LSB- a -RSB- minimal level of plausibility and plot logic ...
So maybe the tabloid-crashing Pitt-Jolie friendship emerged out of the shared torture of having endured Simon Kinberg 's script
The movie revels in its bemused overkill , which is fun for a while before it grows wearisome , but there 's no denying that the mutual hostility looks good on the two stars .
Finishes well and Vince Vaughn rocks . However , runs rather slow , save for the last half hour .
Leaves out some things you would think necessary , includes some you would n't expect , and in the process comes up with an original , ceaselessly entertaining summer concoction .
Hallelujah , it 's fun .
Frisky and subversive , the movie argues that it 's only after destroying icons of domesticity -LRB- and literally blowing up the McMansion -RRB- we can finally get to know one another .
A braver movie would have seen the couple 's standoff through to its logical conclusion -- the eventual insistence on happily ever after seems more than a little weaselly .
It succeeds because it knows how to make the most of its karmic good fortune .
When you see this movie , you can understand why the rest of the world thinks Americans are crazy . Mr. and Mrs. Smith are both assassins who work for rival ` companies . ' We 're not supposed to ask whom they kill or why .
Echoing the black wit of the Jack Nicholson/Kathleen Turner classic Prizzi 's Honor -LRB- 1985 -RRB- but with a screwball pace and doses of hi-tech action , it 's not to be missed .
A full-on action flick , subversive rom-com and weapons-grade star vehicle that 's drenched in Tinseltown glitz , from a director who knows how to put the money on the screen while his tongue 's firmly in his cheek .
This could be the start of a great franchise . Mr. and Mrs. Smith Go To Washington anyone ?
The problem with Mr. and Mrs. Smith is that it 's really two movies in one .
... Liman continues to reinvigorate the action-thriller genre with verité-esque handheld camerawork and innovative fight choreography .
If you 've got a script full of fatuous repartee and an inept director -LRB- who was banned from the `` Bourne '' sequel -RRB- , you 're not going to have an entertainment worth diddlysquat .
A fetish film for anyone who takes People magazine as a serious source of investigative journalism .
The sheer weight and volume of mayhem toward the end is numbing and meaningless , and two hours is a good 25 minutes more than such a frail conceit can sustain .
Explosively funny .
The off-screen shenanigans reported on set best remain the stuff of tabloid rumour , but one thing 's for sure - Pitt and Jolie make the perfect on-screen couple .
Kinsberg 's highly tuned comedic dialogue pulls the film out of the fire by keeping the blistering husband and wife conflict chugging .








@highlight

Although this action-romance suffers from weak writing and one too many explosions , the chemistry generated by onscreen couple Pitt and Jolie is palpable enough to make this a thoroughly enjoyable summer action flick .