... it left me smiling for hours , and although it deals with complex themes such as divorce , infidelity and prostitution , Bogdanovich treats them in a fun and light way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bogdanovich co-wrote the script with -LRB- now ex-wife -RRB- Louise Stratten , and one gets glimpses throughout of the comic soufflé that the project wanted to be .
Poots is lively and likeable , Aniston and Ifans are both very funny and it 's lovely to see the great Cybill Shepherd -- who got her big break in The Last Picture Show -- doing her loyal bit as Izzy 's mum .
She 's Funny That Way is trying very hard to be a sexy screwball comedy . It tries so hard , with such a contrived and silly story , that it only succeeds in wearing the audience down . -LSB- Full review in Japanese -RSB-
Bogdanovich , the principal proponent of the latter-day screwball comedy , wastes a large and capable cast here .
It 's a lighthearted , somewhat amusing romp written by Bogdanovich and his ex-wife Louise Stratten , filled with interweaving stories that twist and turn , and are amplified when it becomes clear this is n't the first time Arnold has `` mentored '' a prostitute .
Co-written by Bogdanovich with his ex-wife Louise Stratten ... the story is brisk , breezy and executed with panache .
Thankfully , with some top-notch performances , including Ifans ' lusty leading man and Jennifer Aniston as a cynical counsellor , this movie turns out to actually be funny that way .
Amusing piffle for audiences congenitally annoyed by new-fangled comedies .
She 's Funny That Way is an oddity that feels like a crowd pleaser but ultimately plays to a very small room .
Screwball comedy about prostitute aims for farce but misses .
As our lead hooker with a heart of thousand-carat gold , Imogen Poots once again reigns supreme , gifting her every scene , line and moment with life , spontaneity , energy and comic precision .
She 's Funny That Way is a charming little film which benefits from its quaint milieu .
She 's Funny That Way makes for good fun , though it 's not necessarily funny in that , or many other , ways . If nothing else , it 's heartening to see Bogdanovich back in the saddle .
I admit that when I recently saw She 's Funny That Way , I swore at the screen .
An entertaining nostalgia boost from filmmaker Peter Bogdanovich .
It 's old-fashioned farce , but it 's not quite good old-fashioned farce .
The actors do their best with a hit-and-miss screenplay .
She 's Funny That Way is a breath of fresh air and a big ball of energy .
The giggly men 's - magazine tone , especially in Bogdanovich 's treatment of call girls , makes the movie seem weirdly anachronistic .
This is an easy film to like though not a total success .
Lighter and loopier than Bogdanovich 's key '70s pics and naughtier and rather more cynical than his woofy What 's Up , Doc ? , She 's Funny That Way is certainly amusing for the first and second acts .
No matter how many convoluted complications and madcap coincidences are thrown into She 's Funny That Way , none of them can be linked together in a remotely amusing fashion .
They all yawned ... strains at screwball ... It 's a pale pastiche of a pasticheur 's pastiche . I was hoping against hope that one or even several of the characters could advance the physical comedy by dropping dead on the spot .
There 's a skill to pulling off slapstick , and Bogdanovich achieves it here with finesse .
The whole movie is tantrums and meltdowns and pitiful nostalgia ... And yet every once in a while , something funny will happen .
A small anachronistic and enjoyable comedy , like a lesser Woody Allen movie and a sofisticated Lubitsch film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An ingenious comedy with good performances that feels like a romantic Woody Allen film and a comedy of the '30s . -LSB- full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite having fun scenes here and there , at the end the movie is little believable and lacks substance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's like a `` light '' version of Woody Allen -LRB- and that 's not a bad thing -RRB- , entertaining , easy to watch and has great casting choices . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's not a comedy that will go down on history , but it 's entertainment for grown ups that want a break from summer blockbusters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
She 's Funny That Way often displays an old-school generosity and polish , and at least one breakout performance - but just as often , its moments of inspiration are tempered by miscasting and shrill attempts at humor .
Aside from a sprinkling of salty language and few shots of people on cell phones , it practically could go into immediate rotation on Turner Classic Movies .
Bogdanovich leaves the `` funny '' out of She 's Funny That Way , producing instead a surprisingly dull 90-minutes .
The movie is fast-paced and things never stop happening but it 's mostly shrugged off with a mild smirk and a lustful sense of a nostalgia .
Too many times the characters in this movie sprint across the line separating quirky charm from know-somethingish affectation , and then stay on the wrong side of it .
To call this comedy featherweight would be an insult to the substantiveness of feathers .
So hopelessly nostalgic about the madcap fizz and fury of screwball pictures , it never works up a head of steam as a funny , in-this-moment comedy on its own .
There 's barely a whiz-bang punch line or smoothly executed setup to be found in a movie that longs to be a sparkling bedroom comedy and winds up a tortured , fizz-free farce .
`` She 's Funny That Way '' is one of those movies that you want to like rather more than you actually do .
She 's Funny That Way is a trifle . But it 's a sweetly nostalgic trifle , especially if you 're fond of classic screwball complete with overlapping quippage delivered at breakneck speed .
Nothing you 've never seen before , but at least it 's really entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Many twists , over the top performances , and nods to comedies from the '50s that feel out of place . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining movie for the casual movie goer , but for those who want more the film will fall short . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even the cinematography is ill-advised , since it 's literally off-color ; warm tones meant to evoke romantic feelings come off as a jaundiced homage to Woody Allen , from whom many of this film 's tropes have been not-so-piquantly purloined .
A loving ode to screwball comedies from the Golden Age of Hollywood that never approaches the films it pays homage to .
It 's not that anyone in the movie is terrible but it 's not like anybody sparkles or charms , either .
If you still want to see it , I wo n't talk you out of it . But that 's as far as I 'll go .
What ` She 's Funny That Way ' does have is a cumulative funniness - a constant thrum of good vibes that , more often than not , steamrolls over the sometimes so-so-ness of the material .
Broad , occasionally clunky , sometimes funny , scattered with poignant grace notes , and , in its own peculiar way , endearing .
Armed with only a few decent jokes , less successful performances , and a tone of classic cinema reverence that , in the end , even Bogdanovich seems tired of .
Despite the farcical set-ups -LRB- involving adjoining hotel rooms , private detectives , and a brusque , busybody therapist played with aching exaggeration by Jennifer Aniston -RRB- , there 's very little here that brings the funny .
A screwball farce that pulls off a pitifully low percentage of its gags , even with a star-crammed cast .
Partway through `` She 's Funny That Way , '' a cabbie gets so sick of Owen Wilson and Kathryn Hahn 's yammering that he abandons his taxi and walks away . If only we could join him .
A screwball comedy from a master filmmaker reaches moments of inspired pandemonium , but a plot centered on lecherous men quickly palls .
The finished movie looks cheap and slapped-together , like the crew was in a hurry to get the shot before the cops showed up and starting asking for permits .
Before long , the story 's mechanics become wearisome and all too visible .
She 's pretty much a turkey , actually , and even a stacked cast-Jennifer Aniston , Owen Wilson , Rhys Ifans , Kathryn Hahn , Will Forte-can ' t rescue director Peter Bogdanovich 's overcooked giblets .
Familiar as its art/life paralleling may be , it 's all fueled by a filmmaker with an intimate relationship to his subject matter .
-LSB- A -RSB- strained though mildly enjoyable ensemble comedy .
Peter Bogdanovich 's love letter to the type of freewheeling sex comedy that was staple Hollywood fare in years gone by is a real pleasure , blessed with a series of smart and knowing performances and driven by a frothy sense of mainstream fun .
Accumulates the necessary narrative chaos without ever building a full head of comic steam .
Peter Bogdanovich 's She 's Funny That Way is simultaneously everything one might expect and a complete surprise , a film that contains all of the strengths of the director 's past work in a completely new form .
... a watchable throwback almost from beginning to end ...
For all its histrionics , the comedy is sluggish , plagued by wildly uneven acting , jokes that do n't land and a bizarre plot , let alone odd casting choices .
It 's not a great screwball , but it is a charming throwback and a pleasant time-waster -- and at 93 minutes , it wo n't waste too much .
This is a light and lovely confection that does n't linger in the mind , but it will certainly leave you smiling .
You can yearn for more . Just remember that you 've probably settled for less .
Alas , none of the jokes really land and in the end a last-minute cameo from Quentin Tarantino - and Wes Anderson and Noah Baumbach 's producer credits - say more about Bogdanovich 's cinematic relevance than this film does .
There 's a lot of in-joke love -LRB- and in-crowd cameos -RRB- in Peter Bogdanovich 's throwback screwball romcom . Sadly the laughs are far fewer .
A deliciously daffy , unashamedly old-fashioned confection .
There 's a lot of star wattage in Peter Bogdanovich 's new screwball comedy but none of it shines very brightly .
The shadow of Woody Allen looms large over this frothy ensemble comedy , but not in a good way .
It 's entertaining enough and a fine showcase for all of its actors -LRB- it 's nice to be reminded of Rhys Ifans ' comic timing -RRB- . Just do n't come looking for anything new .
Wacky enough to make us smile but never laugh out loud , this screwball comedy harks back to those nutty 1970s farces Woody Allen used to make about a group of neurotic urbanites .
Rhys Ifans , playing a teen heartthrob , fails to convince us that Rhys Ifans could ever be more famous than Rhys Ifans is now .
-LSB- The film -RSB- puts far too much pressure on the relative newcomer Imogen Poots , who is forced to carry an entire movie with a Noooo Yaaawk accent that has n't been heard since the heyday of Fran Drescher .
Viewers are more likely to find this funny in the sense of strange .
There are one or two laughs .
Peter Bogdanovich has made three of my favourite films of all time -LRB- The Last Picture Show , Paper Moon , What 's Up , Doc ? -RRB- but I do n't think I 'll be adding his latest , She 's Funny That Way , to the list .
Too many voices create a chaos in front as well as behind the camera without the requisite comedic payoff .
Peter Bogdanovich 's attempt to update the screwball of the Golden Age lacks the requisite elegance , wit and charm .
A tasty little treat you 'll want to squirrel away for a rainy day .
It 's fluffy fun , packed with in-jokes for movie lovers .
The dialogue rattles along at a tremendous pace , with the gags feeling organic and largely sophisticated .
Like the 40s screwballs it pinches from , it 's daft and often hilarious - particularly angry Aniston .
A hysterical screwball fantasia that openly steals from Lubitsch , Hawks , Capra and Sturges , and wants to be caught with its fingers in the till .
This may not be up to the standards of that wonderful age , but it is a good reminder of all those great movies and Bogdanovich has created a humorous homage .
`` She 's Funny That Way '' is manufactured , sweet and unpretentious , but like candy floss , we got tired of it before it was done , and it contains next to no nutritional value .
Apart from reminding us of his well-documented affection for Ernst Lubitsch and the Hollywood comedies of the 1940s , -LSB- Bogdanovich -RSB- does n't have anything to tell us - even after all this time away from the big screen .

@highlight

She 's Funny That Way is an affectionate , talent-filled throwback to screwball comedies of old -- which makes it even more frustrating that the laughs are disappointingly few and far between .