The film does n't feel like an indictment of Black greek organizations , but rather , a call for reform .
Burning Sands is passable . But for anyone looking for a deeper exploration of what drives young men to cross those sands in the first place , Netflix 's latest original film feels like it still has a lot to learn .
Burning Sands is a well made , thought provoking film filled with subtleties and a compelling story that , like any good film , leaves us with questions , and challenges us to think about the repercussions of our actions .
Burning Sands is a riveting assessment of freedom , compassion and what it means to think critically about the circumstances you may find yourself in .
Distinct in its point of view , with co-writer/director Gerald McMurray creating terrific scenes of anxiety and confusion to help support a periodically disappointing feature .
Violent movie about fraternity hazing ; cursing , sex .
You definitely come away from the experience with very mixed feelings about what you 've seen and how it was presented , which feels just about right for a story like this one .
There 's a lingering pain as the credits roll , a reminder of the misconception that to be a real man , one must endure physical and mental pain inflicted by other men , similarly misunderstanding true masculinity .
Gerard McMurray 's first feature shows remarkable skill and maturity as he unflinchingly tackles the subjects of familial love , pledging fraternities and underground hazing .
Viewed as a cautionary tale about the dangers of hazing , Burning Sands dutifully does its job . As hard-hitting sociopolitical commentary , it falls short .
If you have n't seen this kind of movie before , Burning Sands will snatch the breath right out of you , so let the faint of heart be warned .
There 's something powerful even in its predictability-will things go too far ? Does the Pope wear a pointy hat ? - and in Jackson 's fierce , quietly forceful performance .
... presents Hell Week through the lens of Frederick Douglass .
A disturbing film about the hazing of a college fraternity pledge .
In the absence of a more dramatically dynamic approach to that awfully familiar subject matter , `` Burning Sands '' proves neither as incendiary nor as challenging as intended .
It may not be a definitive look at the HBCU Greek experience , but it succeeds in being a nuanced look at the problem of hazing on any college campus .
The message Burning Sands imparts about hazing 's solidarity-through-sadism ethos is slyly multifaceted .
Writer/director Gerard McMurray has compassion for these kids and a passion for shining light on these abuses .
McMurray successfully avoids stereotypes .
Gerard McMurray 's drama has more ambition than last year 's hazing drama -LSB- Goat -RSB- , as well as interesting racial undertones that the other film did not .
A solid young ensemble bolsters Burning Sands , a drama that demonstrates the horrors of fraternity hazing come in all colors .
The occasional heavy-handed or clumsy elements do n't seriously impair a film whose high spirits , talented cast and luridly intriguing subject consistently entertain , even if they seldom truly surprise .
A workmanlike but unavoidably predictable yarn about the perils of college fraternity hazing .

@highlight

Burning Sands covers familiar territory , but Trevor Jackson 's layered performance and director/co-writer Gerard McMurray 's empathetic approach help set it apart .