Ready Player One is n't the Spielberg home run that fans of the book may have hoped it would be , but it 's a solid double and a good time that is almost perversely suited for home viewing .
A fantastic , mind blowing amalgam of `` Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory , '' `` Tron , '' and `` The Matrix '' ...
Not a lot of attention is paid to the troubling implications of living your life in a make-believe space , but the adventure moves fast enough to prevent the viewer from worrying too much about it .
The movie does n't understand what it means to turn the Iron Giant into a weapon , and worse , neither do the characters . There 's no actual nostalgia in this nostalgic epic .
Tailor made for Spielberg with an adventurous heart and an accessible screenplay .
... just another ill-conceived and executed endeavor from a director well past his prime .
The end result is a a confusing and muddled message about the `` purity '' of fandom .
A $ 175 million , effect-laden sci-fi epic that 's pitched at the level of a Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon sketch - it 's `` hey , remember that thing : The Movie '' -LRB- Living Life Fearless -RRB-
A visually spectacular and surprisingly heartfelt story that dives into the emotional ties shared between creator , creation and its inhabitants/users .
A cross between a thrill ride and a particularly satisfying video game ... it 's the kind of movie you need to see over and over again .
-LSB- The film -RSB- serves as testament to Spielberg 's gift as a pulse-riding , intuitively cinematic entertainer ... a film full of grandly staged cyber battles and real-world intrigue . And thankfully it 's one of the few long films to warrant its running time .
the film improves as it goes on , especially in the second half , where Spielberg generates a successful tension in juxtaposing action taking place simultaneously within the real world and the OASIS
Being brave enough to take the leap is the theme of Steven Spielberg 's visually dazzling fantasy that seamlessly morphs from its apocalyptic reality into a world limited only by our imagination .
Even though these heroes are simplistic ... Spielberg makes sure their motives and goals are transparent , the force driving us breathlessly to the movie 's climax .
Wow , what a massive cluster ... um ... you know ... the film is . This would-be player tried her best to be ready , but sometimes - sorry , Hamlet - the readiness is n't all .
Ready Player One dares to redo nostalgia ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spielberg demonstrates the impact pop culture has had on people 's lives - an effect for which he is largely responsible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Steven Spielberg 's inner child has given us untold worlds of wonder . Now , it seems , the time has come to pay the piper .
The important thing is that the story is absorbing and the characters endearing , so the plot is still exciting despite being predictable , pure Spielberg style . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Ready Player One is a joy , wherever you see it . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though I 'm not the target audience , and even though it went on too long and sagged somewhat in the last half , I was carried away by the gorgeous special effects , the energy and Spielberg 's sheer joy in filmmaking .
There will be many who jump for joy over this new invention of Spielberg . How I envy their ecstasy . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
With its narrative slight and familiar , and its sense of drama and threat muted , it relies upon its roster of recognisable properties - and the affection everyone has for them , especially off-screen - to provide interest .
Sputters out after a fast start .
More high nostalgia than high art , it is what it wants to be : an on-screen feel-good easily digestible celebration of beloved fandoms .
Ready Player One is a feast of nostalgia , action and visual style , which more than makes up for its fairly minor narrative shortfalls .
The years go by and the most famous American director is still the best at what he does . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is nothing to recommend the film itself , which may as well have been assembled by the soulless corporate drones that it purports to hold in such contempt .
Few 21st century American films are as intertwined with the culture we live in as Ready Player One .
It 's a clever , stylish , entertaining blockbuster designed to give one 's inner child the cinema equivalent of a sugar rush .
As you would expect from a Spielberg film , the production values are first rate , with great special effects and great visuals , especially the stunning way the digital world of Oasis appears . The acting , and of course the direction , are both solid .
Ready Player One is the first Spielberg film I can remember that feels contemptuous .
For all its ferocious energy , Ready Player One strikes me as the product of a cinema of exhaustion-it 's a film about having come too far and being at the end of something , where extraordinary things no longer mean much , or have become toxic .
Floods the senses with dazzling imagery but it reaches overload . Its about not being happy with yourself . Then something extraordinary happens . A scene so unique , so bizarre that it knocks off being eaten by Godzilla .
An overlong , meandering mess , and a stain on Spielberg 's CV ; it 's certainly the least satisfying film of his I can remember seeing .
... it 's just so hollow , and the characters so shallow , and the world so unexamined that Ready Player One never gets off the ground .
It is , despite Spielberg 's claims , neither a purehearted popcorn flick nor a Paul Verhoevenesque subversion , but something uneasily in between , cowed by the idea of the fanboy demographic .
But more often than not , it falls into the same trap , preferring to throw reference after reference at the screen without exploring why the sources of those references resonate with the characters , or the audience .
It 's an effective cinematographic exercise in which nostalgia plays a key role and more proof that there is no one better than Steven Spielberg to make commercial films ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I enjoyed it enough to feel as if I 'd gotten a real theatrical experience out of it - but I also felt exhausted by the experience and a little bit sad for what it represented ...
Ready Player One captures the gee-whiz youthful triumphalism of the Reagan era , all right , but it never explores the deeper question of whether all that is worth rehashing - over and over .
It 's a film that evokes pure nostalgia ... it should be enjoyed with loved ones . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Turns out that treating the movies entirely as a jungle gym brings out Peter Pan 's inner brat . He 's made a movie for lost boys .
Ready Player One is a pageant of now-dated pop culture references , an elaborate feat of CGI and copyright clearance , with images from games and movies speeding past , to the tune of Van Halen and A-Ha .
Ready Player One might be the best film of 2018 so far . At the very least , it 's the most fun you 'll have at the movies anytime soon .
Spielberg 's message about not losing touch with reality and corporate takeovers may be too obvious , but the glorious visuals will captivate you to the end .
I was locked in from the beginning . They got me into the world ... really good movie .
It 's a lot to take in , but it does n't feel overwhelming ... you enjoy what this movie does to you .
Ready Player One becomes a reflection on the very meaning of fantasy cinema , of movies in general . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is an adventure movie from the all-time master of them , Steven Spielberg .
See it on the biggest screen possible . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Remarkable . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
But , once this sucker gets rolling , it becomes a visual thrill ride that is simultaneously a celebration and condemnation of the entertainment industrial complex .
The fact that Ready Player One 's best scene has little to do with video games feels like it means something .
In fact , it appears , for a moment , to be barreling toward a potent critique of the book and the broader culture of the privileged , young white millionaire men of Silicon Valley . Unfortunately , it stumbles at the finish line .
Pop-culture references are no substitute for brains in this overly frenetic , poorly written blockbuster .
This film is pure joy and the epitome of what we hope for when we go to the movies .
A visual spectacle so overwhelming as joyful that it does not give the viewer respite in his uninterrupted succession of adventures . -LRB- In Spanish -RRB-
As long as you 're willing to ask little in the way of intellectual or emotional stimulation , Ready Player One is a great day out .
The visuals of Ready Player One really are ingenious , though the conglomeration of homages do not always mix well and it becomes a bit of a hodgepodge . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's vibrant , it 's colorful , and it was a lot of fun ... this movie is all about the celebration of geek culture .
The film is necessarily derivative , but hardly ever witty ... It 's entertaining by and large , but left me wanting less .
-LSB- Steven Speilberg 's -RSB- still got the old magic .
If the book is basically Fifty Shades of Grey for guys who have yet to discover their peckers , the film is a diverting slice of entertainment , offering enough surface thrills to justify its existence in a world already overloading on nostalgic feints .
It 's a pop culture geek out , but also visually stunning and good fun even for non-gamers .
Emotionally it 's completely flat - the main characters struggle to make it out of two dimensions , the linear storyline is a far-from-thrilling treasure hunt , and any potential romance feels formulaic , forced and rather feeble .
It says here you 'll at least consider going back to watch `` Player One '' again to find more tidbits you missed the first time .
It 's official - Ready Player One is Steven Spielberg 's worst film .
I saw the film in IMAX , and a week later I 'm still waiting for the safe return of my optic nerves , but it was the meagre emotional charge that shocked me most .
Underwhelming , overlong and breezy sci-fi blockbuster . It 's an ironic ode to pop culture , geeks and virtual reality .
` Ready Player One ' is an exemplary blockbuster , a film that conveys fun in a way only Spielberg can achieve . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A boring , vapid and tedious video game that lacks a heart , mind , soul , personality or anything else that 's part of the spectrum of humanism . It 's yet another addition to Hollywood 's `` bread and circuses . ''
Ready Player One is the dream of every geek and pop culture aficionado . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An adventure tale whose plot revolves around the pleasures of losing yourself in fantasy worlds , Ready Player One is ... a giddy rush of a movie that zips along on a tide of breathless action and boundless pop-culture trivia .
The movie cares more about all the nostalgia and easter eggs than and actual story . It beats you over the head and forces you to look at it . All the visual flair in the world ca n't disguise an empty experience
This is fun while it lasts but I would have liked a little more humour and a lot more soul . I pray the retro revival has now hit its peak .
This is hardly Spielberg 's most creative genre work - but ... it does speak to the joyful , unapologetic classicism of his film-making style .
Bright , shiny , packed to the brim with detail , and totally without passion .
The anti-Matrix , celebrating obeisance to random yet tethering nostalgia within a river of brands and platforms and delusions from the 1980s , critiquing lightly but eventually embracing the machine : any machine .
Overstuffed , escapist action adventure , brimming with flashy eye candy and fantastic fanboy ferocity .
Ready Player One does what it sets out to do : it entertains , it flatters , it moves . Hard to ask for much more than that from a big budget blockbuster .
Escapist fun made for mandatory repeat viewings to try to catch all the characters and icons hidden throughout . With READY PLAYER ONE , Spielberg has crafted an electronic Wonderland that is a love song to fandom and pop culture itself .
With Spielberg , one has come to expect much , and so when presented with is flick that is only intermittently fun , and never buoyant , one comes away disappointed , and feeling just a little bit cheated .
Another disappointment from Steven Spielberg . He has come a long way down from the heart warming charm of `` E T '' to this cold and brassy virtual reality escapade .
It hums with Spielberg 's unmatched formal elasticity . But it 's also a shrill , soulless piece , lacking the sense of wonder - or even an interrogation of such - essential to its director 's best work .
An exhilarating ride as good as or better than most other films of its type .
The offering is quite a fun and frenetic blast , and is far , far better than that initial movie trailer suggested . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Ready Player One may be a movie about the future , but it is damningly a product of our present .
Spielberg 's film , which could have done so much more , does not improve on the novel . It 's a missed opportunity .
A one-of-a-kind thrill ride that provides an abundance of fun .
I 'm here to report that you can still have a good time at Ready Player One even if you do n't get most of the references .
-LSB- Filled -RSB- with some truly wondrous sequences that confirm the director can still craft thrilling popcorn entertainment better than anyone on the planet .
At its core , Ready Player One does embody the emotional and nostalgic side of Spielberg and celebrated pop culture like only someone who was creating it at the time could have .
It 's a little hard not to feel like the emperor is n't wearing any clothes .
The challenges are exciting , extensive , and surprising , and few if any directors are better at staging these kinds of action set pieces than Spielberg .
Just like Halliday 's contest , Ready Player One is designed to reward the nerdiest among us .
Ready Player One feels long played out .
Spielberg 's adaptation is a improvement from Cline 's novel , repairing its flaws and embracing nostalgia in the right ways to make one of his finest blockbusters in years .
But with unruffled confidence and youthful velocity , the 71-year-old gambles that the thrills would override the insincerity -- that nobody would mind the self-defeating scruples as long as the breakneck ride keeps us glued .
Spielberg has a frighteningly plausible vision of our near future , but he lacks the courage to follow through on its implications .
... features a playful sense of adventure likely to unite gamers past and present without sacrificing mainstream appeal .
Ready Player One needs to throw as many shiny things with nostalgic value at you as it can to cover up how boring the entire affair is .
Ready Player One is more like a seven-course banquet made up entirely of Pixie Stix and Pop Rocks-you certainly get a rush from it for a little while but once the initial effect , there is not much of anything else going for it but overindulgence .
It may be impossible to separate Ready Player One from its references , and without the Easter eggs , inside jokes , and endless homages , Ready Player One does n't offer much that is unique to itself .
To quote from yet another famous '80s reference , go ahead and gag me with a spoon .
Spielberg wants us to drop the techno-gadgets and join hands , but it 's the VR world that really juices him . He 's the ultimate fanboy making a movie about the need to move beyond being a fan .
Intense virtual reality adventure will dazzle '80s fans .
I 'm sure that some will be more receptive to the avalanche of nostalgia than others ... but I do n't think one can deny the -LSB- film 's -RSB- comment on the place of popular culture in our lives ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Busy and hectic but not cohesive , a game that 's nothing more than a game .
Those who have n't read the book will love this fantasy trip down 1980s memory lane . Fans of the novel will be horrified .
A fun , imaginative take on Ernest Cline 's novel . So why does it leave us wanting more ?
Really is fun in some ways . But there 's a suffocating abundance of digital imagery , and after a while , you feel as if you 're staring at nothingness made manifest .
It 's a fitting summation of Spielberg 's career : occasional nods to the real world , but really preferring a world of fantasy and eternal adolescence .
Spielberg has created an experience so enthralling you will want to watch it again and again .
Where the old Spielberg magic comes into play are the points at which the virtual game world starts spilling into real world .
It 's a whole lot of CGI fun going along for the ride , even one that lasts two hours and 19 minutes .
It 's a fun romp but lacks any real sense of menace or consequence .
So much of Ready Player One is assembled from the detritus of our past that it is less a film and more an overstuffed cultural recycling bin .
A fantasy about rejecting fantasy that 's built on movie fantasy clichés .
A blast of pure childlike amusement .
Ready Player One is a two-hour joyful pop culture celebration , a non-stop but not exhausting visual extravaganza that feels fresh and old-school at the same time .
Fans of Ernest Cline 's book are already grumbling about the changes and omissions in this expansive , expensive adaptation . I enjoyed the film more than I expected to -- but felt that it went on too long and squandered its potential in the process .
Mainly a computer generated animation extravaganza , the character development of the novel is jettisoned in favor of a chase narrative that compresses so much story that the entire affair seems rushed and over-labored .
Spielberg 's `` Ready Player One '' : Pop Culture 101
The good news is , it 's Steven Spielberg . The not-so-good news : The Spielberg sci-fi magic is missing in this adaptation of Ernest Cline 's young-adult novel ... all in all , Spielberg would do well to return to the real world .
Life in the OASIS is exciting and wondrous to behold through your avatar 's oversized anime eyes , but it does n't mean much without some real-world stakes , and that 's where the film stumbles , badly .
The film does a good job balancing and , in a few cases , overlapping the virtual and real worlds - though anyone from the future will tell you that you do n't run down a street wearing VR goggles .
RPO is sort of Philip K. Dick-lite .
Sensory overload with a heart .
A nightmare of nothingness , of empty , soulless w * nkery , that serves only to reassure male dorks that their pop-culture obsessions make them special , and will make cute girls like them .
... this failed the watch test miserably as I did n't know if I would actually survive almost 2 1/2 hours of watching all this nonsensical gobbledygook . But it will probably gross a billion dollars .
Cline 's world and Spielberg 's vision of it mesh as well as John Ford and the Old West .
A pop-culture smorgasbord with eerily prescient themes .
There 's still something a little icky about a movie that data-mines the pop culture past of middle-aged men so shamelessly . Instead of us having to put away childish things , they 're starring in a movie .
While Spielberg revels in this stuff , he 's also playing the role of concerned elder , cajoling these crazy kids to go outside and get some fresh air . Maybe that 's why the movie 's relentless fun feels just a little conflicted .
Of course , splendid visual effects would be nothing without good composition and Spielberg 's control of the camera and expertise in crafting an action sequence is nonpareil , ultimately making Ready Player One the greatest movie to see in 3D since Avatar .
Visually sophisticated and full of invention , the movie harkens back to one of Spielberg 's career sweet spots : the 1980s .
Ready Player One is big fun , to be sure . But its chances of enduring into 22nd-century pop consciousness seems improbable .
Spielberg 's skillful pacing keeps the visual stimulation focused , such as in a thrilling car chase early on where Wade races the time-traveling Delorean from Back to the Future against a fleet of competitors .
In the hands of Spielberg , much of the pop culture junk that would feel gratuitous in other hands have a certain emotional resonance in his .
As it stands , the movie is , like its central conceit , just a place to forget our problems and have fun for a couple of hours . But at least , for once , it 's fun the whole country can have together .
In 100 years , when film scholars are looking back at the career of Steven Spielberg ... Ready Player One will be used as the primary piece of evidence to showcase the best and worst of the director .
If a film could collapse in on itself , due to its slavish devotion to a specific subset of 1980s entertainment , Ready Player One would be that black hole .
You can tell Spielberg is having fun ... maybe too much fun
Haptics were n't needed to feel the emotional pull of his best films ; they aimed for the heart and hit much more often than they missed . `` Ready Player One '' aims for the adrenal gland .
Ready Player One certainly is n't just a film , it 's an experience . It 's a game ... and we all win .
Ready Player One is Spielberg 's gigantic love letter to his alternate world inhabited by all cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's all blind , superficial adoration devoid of the very sort of adult perspective it so desperately requires .
The VR world feels like watching someone play a multiplayer game , but it 's action-packed , incredibly skillfully done , and often wonderful , as when the hero finds himself in 1980 's The Shining .
By jettisoning pretty much everything but the bare skeleton of the plot and characters while expanding the scope beyond the 1980s , Steven Spielberg 's film adaptation climbs its way up to exhausting , headache-inducing mediocrity .
It 's the decade in which Spielberg shaped so many of our pop-culture ideals , and with Ready Player One , he is masterfully back in the game , and that makes us all winners .
Many of the book 's references to Spielberg 's cultural artifacts have been stripped away , but he imbibes the movie with flashes of colour and heart that rekindle a sense of wonderment that will transport many viewers back to their childhoods .
Why does Steven Spielberg always make the same mistake ? Every time he tries to make technology and artificial reality the guts of the story , instead of the means of telling a story , he makes a great big-budget mess .
Amid this special-effects maelstrom , Wade Watts never emerges as a character , and the taciturn Sheridan is in constant danger of being out-acted by his own avatar . Who can connect with a hero when he 's just watching the story ?
For all of its many flaws , Ready Player One is hugely entertaining without ever coming close to the masterpiece status of Spielberg 's earliest and genre-defining work .
Ready Player One is a pure nostalgia bath for a generation . The '80s soundtrack sets the tone for spotting more pop-culture references than you can imagine , and spotting them is a lot of fun . But it 's also pure Spielberg magic .
Just as Ready Player One moves back and forth between fantasy and reality , it 's difficult not to admire the facility with which Spielberg oscillates between this sort of sprawling , popcorn-munching exercise and a character-driven historical drama .
The film excels in its hectically brilliant action sequences , where the screen seethes with energy , anarchy and in-jokes .
Worth the hype and is definitely one of the appointment films worth seeing so far in 2018 .
The beauty , the variety and the universality of this gigantic adventure , which firmly aspires to the ideals of contemporary cinema , surprises . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A lively and agreeable work of fanboy art - a first-rate film fashioned from secondhand materials .
Ready Player One is a celebration of popular culture ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Spielberg is a filmmaker with an acute narrative skill ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The mesmerizing ` Ready Player One ' is a game-changing treasure .
Back to the Future , indeed . Fanboy-pandering , CGI-driven , rehash of pop culture faves . That DeLorean was a lemon , folks .
What a thrill ride Spielberg has created !
Spielberg 's sci-fi popcorn extravaganza does exactly what it 's supposed to : entertain .
The film is stuffed with 80 's nostalgia - look there 's the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Hello Kitty , Batman and Beetlejuice ! - but the film is so visually busy it overloads our senses and cast in such murk it fails to please the eye .
For all its faults , the movie has a sense of fun that is hard to ignore , and it 's clear that it comes from a place of genuine affection for the referenced material .
Ready Player One will have you hooting if you did grow up in the 1980 's or ' 90 's . And if you did n't , it might make you wish you did .
Spielberg would n't be Spielberg if he did n't know how to make this galaxy of pixels alluringly strange , a wow-machine jampacked with cool stuff .
Approximately 15 parts fun escapism and one part reflection . In a culture that 's obsessed with unearthing obscure references , it will be interesting to see how the movie 's fans-and I think there will be many-process the conflicting messages , if at all .
The movie provides a fun time at the theater , but it 's also a wildly uneven ride that runs the gamut from boring to inspiring .
That 's what Ready Player One ends up feeling like : a decent meal with tantalizing hints of something more complex , a Big Mac with Roquefort sprinkled on top .
Popular songs from days gone by interspersed into the soundtrack will bring back a lot of memories for most . It 's a tremendous feat by Spielberg .
References to iconic films of the past to satisfy the most demanding of cinematic historians -- Much more entertaining than `` Avatar '' .
An eye-popping , nostalgia-fuelled thrill ride to make any nerd explode with delight .
The plot 's not going to tax anyone over the age of 12 , but Spielberg crams the screen with visuals eye-popping enough to make viewers not care .
I 'm now convinced there is n't any kind of movie Steven Spielberg ca n't master .
And yet , for all those weaknesses , this is a Steven Spielberg film , of the kind only Steven Spielberg can make . Big , raucous , heartfelt , referential , and unabashed in celebrating the culture he has always loved .
For those looking for Ready Player One to condemn the digi-verse as a destructive force against human connection , find another movie . Spielberg 's mindbending joyride wo n't quit even when the head-spinning spectacle hits sensory overload . Game on .
It 's nostalgia for the sake of nostalgia , and by the time its end credits roll , one wonders if there was anything worth being nostalgic about in the first place .
-LSB- A -RSB- heaping helping of exhilarating summer popcorn spectacle delivered ahead of schedule for springtime ... Steven Spielberg at the top of his game ...
Steven Spielberg shakes off his pop cinema cobwebs with a spectacle that combines state-of-the-art CGI with breakneck action and heartwarming characters .
This is fanboy fellatio and I found it all almost unbearably depressing .
Rylance infuses `` Ready Player One '' with the warmth and spark of humanity it needs to transcend its VR roots and become something meaningful .
Une adaptation libre du roman qui en suit les grandes lignes et qui en capture l'essence , mais qui sait aussi s ` en éloigner afin de devenir une uvre de cinéma à part entière . -LSB- Full review in French -RSB-
Filled with intense action scenes leavened by humorous interludes , it 's an entertaining ride from start to finish .
A bountiful , overflowing buffet of just about everything a movie lover would ever want , served up by a superstar director who loves movies just as much as we do .
The scenes of millions of things happening at once are skillfully made , to be sure , but they 're still visually busy to the point of numbness instead of energization . The action has verve but no soul .
It 's unlikely to find its way in to a Spielberg top 10 , but nonetheless it 's another crowdpleaser from the master .
If you are too young to be insatiable for this era-specific nostalgia bait , a lot of the movie is hitting points you wo n't follow . If you 're old enough to catch them , you have more important things to do .
It overuses '80s nostalgia as shorthand for genuine emotional involvement , and it presents us with a rapturous digital wonderworld only to sternly lecture us that reality is the better value .
What the film lacks in substance , it makes up for in style .
With Ready Player One , Spielberg finally gets into self-spoofing , tackling his dominant era-the 1980s-with a sense of humour , while remaining plenty reverent to the pop culture universe he wrought .
Gamers will get a kick out of this nearly non-stop racing movie loaded with familiar pop culture images .
A pop culture banquet , Spielberg 's latest may fail to thrill , but it sure does please the eye .
A nostalgic thirst trap with no reverence for the pop culture moments it deploys haphazardly .
Ready Player One has no obligation to be a rigorous intellectual exercise , even if it amounts to a wasted opportunity ... it does n't have to be so facile , either . Maybe next time the screenwriters should n't set the difficulty mode to easy .
Ready Player One is a tender tribute to gamers from a filmmaker who does n't really appear to understand or empathise with them .
A thrill-a-minute , virtual reality roller coaster ride riddled with allusions to pop culture and classic computer games .
The action scenes are thrilling and there is just enough poignant self-critique and meta-commentary to make it more than just empty nostalgia .
There has never been a director better at the craft of cinematic storytelling , and there has never been a story more suited to that craft than this one .
Conjures plenty of empty spectacle ... but does n't underpin it with characters that move beyond the generic or , more crucially , the productively sharp satire that just maybe could have saved this ai n't - it-cool story from itself .
Electrifying visuals and state-of-the-art showmanship ca n't mask the fact that Steven Spielberg 's latest is essentially a hollow vehicle .
Its plot is complexity itself , but its `` kids save the world '' soul is simple and earnest as opposed to earth shattering . With apologies to Bill and Ted , it 's an excellent adventure , and let 's leave it at that .
For every obscure sci-fi nod , there 's a crowd-pleasing Spielbergian trope : Scrappy hero crushing on an independent gal ? Check . Friends banding together ? Got 'em . Greedy corporate villain ? Yep .
It 's been a while since I 've had such a good time watching a movie at the cinema . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Ready Player One wo n't ever be confused with one of Spielberg 's best , but it 's a fascinating , frustrating , and entertaining microcosm of his artistic acumen .
The movie is wall-to-wall pop culture references , and while that 's exhausting and tedious , it 's also inevitable that you it will manage to push your own specific nostalgia buttons .
Confusing exhaustion with exhilaration , after awhile ` Ready Player One ' becomes more an assault on the senses than a pleasant diversion .
There is never a genuine sense of wonder or excitement to these sights , mainly because there is rarely a real sense of exploration or discovery within this virtual world .
It 's a theme park ride but not the rollercoaster Spielberg hopes . More like It 's a Small Virtual World , careening through gamer nirvana , jerking viewers to and fro among everything Gen X retro .
Aside from its sci-fi adventure essence , Player poses semi-significant questions of identity , and the pros and cons of remaking oneself in a digital dimension .
Ready Player One is like a two hour serving of Frosted Flakes with every toy in the box . The pop culture references are hurled nonstop .
Competent , occasionally rousing entertainment that nonetheless left me a little bummed .
Mr. Spielberg navigates this warehouse with his usual dexterity , loading every frame with information without losing the clarity and momentum of the story .
It is boring with an almost nuclear boringness .
The special effects team create technical marvels , which are as thrilling as going on a theme-park ride .
Steven Spielberg 's dizzying , dazzling VR fantasia of pop culture is something to behold . Movie fans will be in hog heaven .
In some sense , this is the ultimate development of the fast , smooth , virtuosic style Spielberg has honed over the decades , which borrows heavily from advertising and depends on our instant recognition of fleeting visual cues .
Ready Player One is entertaining enough , and it 's certainly well-made , but what truly stands out is the filmmaker 's prevailing-present sense of bemused disgust at the way his offspring are spending their time .
A fun popcorn flick and a great free-for-all of pop culture that only someone with Steven Spielberg 's muscle could pull together .
Ready Player One should make fans of 80s movies , music and video games geek out , but it - and the convoluted way the story 's unveiled - might alienate others .
Frenetic and dense action sequences engage , but seldom thrill . And threats to the heroes ' lives do n't feel convincing ... While Sheridan and Cooke create personable characters , they lack the sizzling chemistry needed to punch through the artifice .
While Ready Player One will probably never be called a Spielberg classic , watch this movie for the classic feeling that only Spielberg can provide : the simple joy of being swept away at the movies .
A sci-fi film with a heart , it revolves around true love , friendship and loyalty . Not once does Spielberg 's passion for creating spectacular cinematic movie-going experience , overshadow his story 's underlying message .
-LSB- Steven -RSB- Spielberg delivers this charm that has been missing from film in the digital age and I love that .
Ready Player One is enjoyably diverting and speaks to the nerd in all of us in some shape or form .
The action is breathless and non-stop , both in the virtual reality and the reality reality , but wallowing in '80s nostalgia is only so much fun for so long .
What extraordinary visuals this films conjures up , with images that appear and disappear like quicksilver memes .
An impressive work of technical showmanship , Ready Player One nevertheless falls short of recapturing that old-school Spielberg blockbuster magic .
Extraordinarily entertaining for the most part , with its numerous charms only capable of shining brightest while in the hands of the man who inspired Cline 's imagination to begin with .
Spielberg 's celebration of the '80s pop culture maelstrom he helped to create is a bizarre , energetically vibrant piece of dystopian science fiction that 's as fascinating as it is exasperating .
Spielberg fights mightily to keep that randomness under control , and usually succeeds . He 's made a good movie . But the malleability of the story prevents it from being something more .
Ready Player One is a movie designed to be embraced by the geekiest among us , and on that level it earns a high score .
It may be just a roller coaster , but it respects itself enough to be the best rollercoaster it possibly can .
Like watching high-speed drone footage , flying over a flea market , filled with outdated game consoles , posters , forgotten DVDs and CDs . It should be fun in a geeky way , but there 's little humour and character engagement
Steven Spielberg has delivered a perfect blockbuster for our nostalgia-driven times .
Spielberg creates two distinct worlds - the brightly-coloured , neon lit OASIS and the dull , bleak ` real world ' - and has tremendous fun playing in both of them .
Ready Player One is vintage Spielberg - a noble hero with good intentions on a quest against the bad guy who just does n't get it . It 's fun , it 's entertaining and it 's good . It 's just not amazing .
Just go with it .
Ready Player One feels like a culmination of the era of pop-culture that we live in , a carnival-like celebration of geekdom that only Steven Spielberg could have made .
If `` Ready Player One '' is tedious at times , it 's also oodles of fun at others ...
By a whisker , Spielberg wins the race against his own material .
It 's a boldly attempted strike against the monolithic corporatization of fan service , and arguably one of the few films that defines dystopia as nothing less than a marketplace of trademarked , cross-promotional intellectual property .
I 've seen `` Ready Player One , '' and now my eyeballs need a vacation .
This is a hugely entertaining thrill ride that opens up further the more times you press play .
Again and again , the movie 's setting - and Spielberg 's practiced craftsmanship - help turn some of its manifold potential bugs into features .
No drama or tension , but in terms of bold , brash , unashamed blockbusting popcorn munchers , Ready Player One entertains .
Might mark the beginning of a new era in filmmaking or the end of an old one , but either way it feels like a failed experiment in building a new story on the carcasses of old movies , TV shows and video games .
Ready Player One is a grand act of stage management , but it lacks the clean narrative punch of Spielberg 's early masterpieces .
It 's basically a pop culture lover 's dream come true , a film that pays homage to a time that gave us some incredible films , games , and music , all wrapped up as a gift to us from one of the greatest directors of all time .
It 's good to see Spielberg , at 71 , still finding new forms of cinematic language with which to express his humanism .
Spielberg deftly switches between the blinking , bleeping world of the OASIS and the grayer , grittier reality outside . Meanwhile , there 's a touch of innocence that never lets us forget this dazzling spectacle is still basically a fairy tale .
So how does it all come together ? Pretty marvellously from a visual point of view , maybe less so from one a narrative one .
So buckle up , take a deep breath and enjoy the ride . It 's sensational .
It 's The Matrix meets everything !
Demonstrating his enduring ability to entertain while embracing the latest technology and remaining relevant to a modern audience , Spielberg proves he 's still Hollywood 's number one player .
At its best , Ready Player One unfolds like unstructured free time for Hollywood 's biggest kid , unleashed in a playground he helped construct , one Amblin entertainment at a time .
It is without a question one of the year 's most energetic , visually rewarding , and ultimately exhausting motion pictures .
It 's bittersweet seeing Spielberg reach the apex of his visual craft in a vapid love letter to consumer culture .
While I 'm not sure READY PLAYER ONE stands on its own as a distinct work , it ca n't be denied that it is what it is and is the best possible version of Cline 's novel that could have been realistically done .
Ultimately , a likeable cast , -LSB- Mark -RSB- Rylance 's performance is especially memorable , an imaginative story and Spielberg 's ability to meld mirth , mystery and pop culture ensure that Ready Player One is a must-see .
Spielberg has pulled off this marketing stunt of a movie without appearing cynical . The story takes place half in the VR world and half in reality , but the characters are , surprisingly , both likeable and accessible .
A fun nostalgia bomb , and a great adventure .
If Ready Player One had been directed by a 26-year-old , the movie world would be flipping out over the new visionary on the map .
For those who get their fix through pop nostalgia , `` Ready Player One '' is - for better or worse - an indulgent , dizzying overdose .
Steven Spielberg 's sci-fi popcorn fantasia Ready Player One feels like a movie made by someone in his 20s rather than his 70s .
The movie is crammed with excitement and good humor , from a rampaging King Kong to an orc with an attitude to an elaborate dip into `` The Shining . ''
The most enjoyable Steven Spielberg movie in over 15 years
Steven Spielberg does n't age . He just levels up .
Ready Player One 's an entertaining nostalgia trip that wears its influences proudly but throws them at such dizzying force that sometimes you feel like you 're buried under Chuck E. Cheese tokens .
Ready Player One is visually pleasing but at the end of the day , it 's just another film heavy on Easter eggs and short on character development .
It 's a love letter to the things we love by someone who is responsible for some of the things we love most
It tricks you into thinking it has the stakes , distracting with the old razzle dazzle and hoping you do n't pop open the hood and kick the tires on this story , which turns out to be a lemon .
Ready Player One is first and foremost an action adventure movie , and Spielberg 's filmmaking instincts wisely sense that audiences will be fascinated by the rich and relentlessly shape-shifting world of OASIS above all else .
Eye-catching images , forgettable development ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite some sensory overload , there 's no denying Steven Spielberg is a master at crafting mind-blowing action sequences . Might as well jump to it .
The classic young hero quest , 21st century style .
The amount of fun you 'll have while watching this is mostly dependent on your skills at playing `` Spot the pop culture reference '' . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Ready Player One is a love letter to '80s pop culture , jam packed with references ... Beneath its retro glad rags , however , the story is deceptively layered .
Ready Player One is a pleasurable , fun ride filled with nostalgic references that will bring back the kid in you and make you wish you can stay young like Peter Pan .
There 's a lot to like about Ready Player One and , at times , it shows glimmers of the kind of fantasy adventure that made the words `` A Steven Spielberg Film '' so sacred to movie fans in the 80s .
Ready Player One is the jazzy , flashy , tripped-out , super-caffeinated kid version of the director many of us grew up loving , and many subsequent directors grew up aping .
Ultimately Ready Player One is like being in a movie-themed pinball machine , as Spielberg delivers an optimistic human story with effects heavy nostalgic referential spectacle on top .
Ready Player One works in different layers and levels , and even if you do n't know each of the elements that appear on the screen , the complexity in each of the action sequences is enough to enjoy it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ready Player One is a thrilling adventure , not a nostalgia parade .
Steven Spielberg 's Ready Player One is colorful , frenetic and fun .
It 's dazzling stuff . Recently , a generation of directors has been paying homage to Spielberg 's popcorn films , but with Ready Player One he proves with stunning aplomb that no one does Spielberg quite like Spielberg .
The winning factor that binds the film together is the friendship aspect with the players meeting up to deal with IOI 's real life maniacal behaviour .
You 're left with the overriding sensation of a master playing someone else 's greatest hits .
This film , and the virtual reality it 's set in , is a visual and aural bombardment .
A magic carpet ride whose trailer -LRB- deliberately ? -RRB- does n't do it justice , Ready Player One is Steven Spielberg having the most fun in decades as the curator-in-chief of all our yesterdays . And it 's contagious .
Spielberg has created his ultimate battle cry for movie magic , putting the audience under an irresistible spell that lingers after the movie is over
For movie lovers this particular fusion of all of Spielberg 's artistic sensibilities provides them with 140 of pure cinematic delight-Full Review in Spanish
This may be the worst film of Spielberg 's career ...
A love letter to pop culture , movies and fans , filled with that classic Spielberg blockbuster magic . A hell of a ride at the movies ! -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
RP1 may not be perfect , but it places Spielberg back at his best .
Its vision of a world fixated on cultural nursery food has a spiky topicality and an occasionally piercing satirical bite .
It 's a paean to pop culture , a love letter to the '80s and a glorious , good-hearted adventure that will please kids and remind grown-ups how they felt watching Spielberg 's early works the first time around .
A thrilling joy ride that encompasses every Spielberg trope you can think of and throws them back out at you through some of the most gorgeous scenes you may see on screen all year .
Ready Player One reminds us yet again of Spielberg 's extraordinary versatility . It is made with his customary fluency and shows an offbeat humour you would n't normally associate with him .
How much do you really want to think about Back To The Future when you 're having a pretty mediocre present watching Ready Player One ?
Some solid whizz-bang material , but feels like cod roe when it should be caviar .
... a bumper pack of cinematic Viagra for a film that surges forward improbably for the first wildly propulsive hour , before inevitably collapsing into a flaccid heap , long before its epic , overlong running time is done .
Spielberg balances sugar-rush nostalgia with an involving story to create a pure , uncynical , cinematic ride that recaptures the magic of his early films .
Ready Player One is a wild thrill ride that takes pop culture nostalgia to dizzying new heights .
It 's a tale gloriously steeped in nostalgia , and marks an ambitious undertaking for Spielberg , but it simply could n't have been left in more reliable hands .
Spielberg gets his game face on with spectacular results . One extended scene - no spoilers ! - is as fun as cinema gets .
Ready Player One is just one big bowl of spectacular popcorn fun . Another Steven Spielberg classic .
A fun romp that reinforces Spielberg 's reputation as a master of his craft .
A remarkable crowd pleaser that immeasurably improves upon the book , full of wacked-out dazzling visuals but still easy to follow and enjoy , even for non-gamers .
-LSB- Spielberg -RSB- loves pop culture , loves film , loves video games and misfit kids and the 1980s , and Ready Player One is his good-natured tribute to all of those things and , yes , even to himself .
Ready Player One , for better or worse , opens with Van Halen 's `` Jump '' and never looks back -LRB- up to you if that 's a good or bad sign -RRB- .
You want total immersion into a fantasy world ? Spielberg is definitely your guy .
It is n't so much a movie about loving old video games and other cultural artifacts . It 's about loving to love those things , which makes Steven Spielberg 's film adaptation of the bestselling novel feel hollow .
Spielberg 's dizzying foray into '80s pop culture fandom is a return to pure pop escapism .
The cultural references crammed in everywhere should have given the movie heart , but instead they feel like contractual obligations .
While it 's not particularly emotional and I was disappointed by how many questions are left open by its shallow visits to the real world , it 's still a lot of fun .
The adaptation of the Ernest Cline novel is a supremely entertaining crowd-pleaser , and a film that brings something to the table everyone should be wistful for : that classic Spielberg touch .
There is a heart beating at the center of The Goonies , E.T. , Raiders of the Lost Ark , and more-but in Ready Player One , audiences will instead find a gleaming , digital , golden Easter egg ... for many , that will be enough .
Ready Player One is a nostalgic trip back to all things 80 's and like the Oasis , the film gives the audience a chance to escape reality for a few hours .
When you 're watching Ready Player One , you can almost feel the legendary director sitting next to you , laughing at the references , thrilled with the action , and eating his popcorn . You definitely need popcorn for this one .
The human frailties behind the game avatars is a reliable well of humor for Ready Player One , and the script takes full , hilarious advantage .
A groundbreaking visual spectacle that combines all types of popular media and rolls them into one massive and must-see motion picture experience .
The cinematic equivalent of a pop-culture mashup tee .
Ready Player One is one of the most egregiously set piece-driven slices of pop cinema we 've seen in a long while .
It is without question the most entertaining film Spielberg has made since Catch Me If You Can .
While the movie is visually whimsical with its design and neon colors , the weakness of the source material still pokes out .
At a certain point , though , Ready Player One wants to be appreciated as a film as well as a movie , no matter what Spielberg says . And that 's where it begins to falter .
It does not exist to stretch your mind -LRB- it does stretch your time , running a bit too long in the third act -RRB- but like the OASIS , it 's a wonderful piece of escapism . Sometimes , a vacation from anything meaningful does make for an interesting ride .
Eventually , `` Ready Player One '' becomes the very thing its characters admire , a preponderance of commercial entertainment smashed together into a singularity of blockbuster chaos .
It 's an accomplished and intermittently hypnotic movie . Yet you may feel like you 're occupied more than you are invested .
A rollicking adventure through worlds both bleak and fantastic , Steven Spielberg 's Ready Player One makes big changes to the specifics and structure of Ernest Cline 's best-selling novel but keeps the spirit and level-up thrills intact .
An overabundance of pop culture references ca n't save Ready Player One from its own mediocrity

@highlight

Ready Player One is a sweetly nostalgic thrill ride that neatly encapsulates Spielberg 's strengths while adding another solidly engrossing adventure to his filmography .