Yellow Submarine has serendipitously been brought back because people are seeking meaning more than ever .
A recently restored 4K restoration of The Beatles ` Yellow Submarine with full 5.1 Dolby sound has made its way into theaters and it 's absolutely perfect .
It 's hard not to overstate the role of Yellow Submarine in the growth of animated film , even if it took many of those whom it influenced a few decades to start producing their own work .
Even if it was originally intended for adolescent and post adolescent Beatles fans , it should still be a marvelous experience for children with its bright colors , flowing movement , and wonderful music .
The plot and the wry dialogue takes cues from Beatles lyrics and from Edelmann 's designs .
Be warned : kids will be thoroughly bored ; arthouse fans and nostalgia lovers should be thrilled .
Written around the songs as it is , the film makes good use of them and they add to rather than distracting from the narrative .
Yellow Submarine is a diverting novelty .
This remains as it has done for the last five decades a hugely enjoyable experience , with an innovative animation style that is in turn both unique and strikingly realised .
Definitely seaworthy again . All aboard .
Whether the film is a contract filling cartoon cash-in or a masterfully animated psychedelic timepiece is a hard nut to crack . In the end , I think it 's actually a bit of both , but that wo n't stop me from watching it again .
Sure , some of the puns and in-jokes sound a little dated , but any movie that strings together lines from Shakespeare merely as a throwaway comic riff is , in my book , a film for the ages .
An endlessly inventive picture that blends 1960s psychedelia with such diverse styles as pop art and Art Deco to create the fantastical world of Pepperland and its bizarre inhabitants .
A unique and often brilliant animated film that pictures the Beatles as towering and often god-like gentlemen who have the power to change worlds ...
An outrageously inventive piece of eye-popping pop , it still qualifies as one of the greatest animated movies ever made . -LRB- It also landed in the number 11 spot on Creative Loafing 's own list of The 20 Greatest Rock Films Ever Made . -RRB-
Whether it was a case of inspiration or coincidence , most of Yellow Submarine 's more creative and graceful visuals are those that complement the songs .
even without the Beatles-endorsed drugs of the time , it 's still fascinating to watch
The 1968 animated classic by the Beatles as their declaration of independence .
If the film 's mod trappings seem locked in a specific -LRB- and increasingly distant -RRB- era , its playful wit remains timeless .
What a trip .
Beatles classic with great animation , music .
Truly one of the finest animated films and one of the finest cinematic musicals of all time .
If the result seems less a coherent story than a two-hour pot high , Submarine is still a breakthrough combination of the feature film and art 's intimacy with the unconscious .
A garish , gorgeous example of pop art at its finest .
There 's a quiet note of melancholy in much of this material , which is much more persuasive and concrete than the larky , intoxicating pleasure usually claimed for the film .
A zesty , satisfying celebration of animation , fantasy , love , and the Beatles that pleases the eyes as much as the ears .
Here are all the ingredients of a novel entertainment .
This 1968 Beatles musical gets somewhat plot heavy near the end , but it 's a marvel of innocence and free association , blending several animation techniques in a loose narrative full of gentle bad puns and flowing visual segues .
The animation is imaginatively conceived , but stiffly executed .
There 's such a wide disparity of graphic styles from sequence to sequence . Some of them , though , still look terrific .
Not a splendid time for all .
A movie so joyous -LRB- and mildly demented -RRB- as to rewrite the rules of what a movie can be .
Inventive animated feature . Yeah , yeah , yeah .
The music and images take the film into uncharted territory and you never know where the film will go next .
Yellow Submarine is a family movie in the truest sense .
Visually inventive .
A charming little fable with great Beatle songs and animation
-LSB- The film embidies -RSB- exactly what the Beatles represented emotionally and philosophically in the mid - '60s : artistic daring , cheeky non-sentimentality , a new generation taking over , naively confident the world was ` getting better all the time . '
To this reviewer the film went down easier when the world seemed a lot simpler .
Instead of contrived urgency , there 's unpressured whimsy , and the movie exists as pure charm , expressed in fantastical imagery . And then there are the songs .
Almost 20 years after its release , this charming fable chronicling the Beatles ' battles to save Pepperland from the Blue Meanies is one of the best testaments ever to the redeeming value of good music .
Yellow Submarine is less a movie , in fact , than a series of connected music videos , animated in a dazzling variety of styles .
A certified classic .
The movie 's boggling matter-of-factness is a key to its enduring -- no , its deepening -- charm .
This psychedelic trip into the minds of the Beatles is certainly memorable , but you have to wonder what this movie would be like without the awesome collection of Beatles tunes punctuating the soundtrack .
As we embrace the start of the new Millennium , the message is loud and clear . The submarine is symbolic for the world in which we live , and love is still all you need .
More than any other musical , animated or otherwise , Yellow Submarine is enhanced by its 11 Beatles ditties rather than justified by it .
It 's a credit to the art direction by Heinz Edelmann that this feature has retained its entirely distinctive look decades later











@highlight

A joyful , phantasmagoric blend of colorful animation and the music of the Beatles , Yellow Submarine is delightful -LRB- and occasionally melancholy -RRB- family fare .