Producer/writer Zack Snyder has recreated the depth of King Lear , only elevated to the sophisticated level of a YouTube comment thread .
This really is the schlockiest and cringiest sequel ever .
Although you will have seen many action films set during a point of time in history -LRB- this one 's set in 480 BC -RRB- , there is plenty in here to keep your attention from start to finish .
300 : Rise of an Empire ... may focus on the brawny Greek and Persian battles of the 480-479 BC era , but it also presents a kickass group of complex women characters whose sexual prowess is as mighty as their swords .
For a sequel , the rage was n't there but enough emotion was present to coax a mighty tantrum or two .
Eva Green delights as the cunning Artemesia , so dominating every scene she 's in that Empire almost feels as if it is her story rather than a tale of Greek freedom .
For a film that 's trying to outdo its predecessor in every way possible , Rise falls a bit short . It still looks glorious , retaining that distinctive chromatic style and gloomy colour palette for that essential comic-book look .
Just by avoiding the haze of perfunctoriness that envelops so many sequels , `` 300 : Rise Of An Empire '' is a success .
300 : Rise of an Empire therefore becomes a tedious slog of repetitive callbacks not only to its predecessor but also itself .
Tries hard to follow in Snyder 's footsteps - plenty of speed-ramping slow-mo action - but it just comes across as an imitator .
Black Sabbath 's War Pigs coats the end credits in the aural equivalent of liquid metal , the final guilty pleasure of a senses-battering 106 minutes of military mayhem .
So utterly mind numbingly dull .
If you liked 300 , you 're probably going to really like 300 : Rise of an Empire . ... it 's got more character development , a smarter story , and is just gorgeous to watch and amazingly good fun .
Eva Green is flat-out spectacular here , giving a fully physical and genuinely shaded star turn that is almost as exciting as all of the hacking and slashing .
Call it Sergio Corbucci 's Thermopylae .
Like many sequels we see these days , it 's a lot of the same only bigger and louder .
300 : Rise of an Empire is nothing but an attempt at recapturing the glory of its predecessor through imitation .
'' -LRB- An -RRB- action-fantasy that 's far more fun to parody and poke fun at than it is to go back and watch . ''
... generally fares just a little bit better than its Zack Snyder-directed predecessor ...
The story is interesting , but it 's the look that director Noam Murro makes the focus of his ' 300 : Rise of an Empire . '
There will be blood . And , of course , speeches about rising up against insurmountable odds and homoerotic subtext .
It 's a big-budget helping of fanboy eye candy in which the action scenes are meant to be so dazzling that you ignore that it does n't make much sense - or that you 've basically seen it before .
As Persia 's sexiest naval commander , Eva Green is to this ` sidequel ' as Cate Blanchett is to ` Blue Jasmine , ' and I mean that as a compliment and not a joke : She 's a frightening and awe-inspiring force of nature , draped in camp instead of Chanel .
`` 300 '' a Rousing , Blood-soaked Adventure
More than any other element , Eva Green 's performance singlehandedly elevates the film from the doldrums of its hermetic conception and execution .
Oafs in an uproar .
This sequel is a wholly second-rate effort , save for the incomparable Eva Green .
It does n't need to strut about waiting for a climax as 300 did , and punctuates its set pieces with stage-setting intrigues that keep it motoring .
-LSB- Eva Green -RSB- s the single piece of spice that turns this 300 clone into a zestful , delightful bad movie instead of just a tedious , violence-loving slog .
-LSB- The story -RSB- gets constantly literally swamped by the blood and gore and so forth , which is well done but almost to the point of parody .
Sullivan Stapleton in his first lead role after Animal Kingdom is actually quite impressive .
Seems perfectly content to be a retread of the original , visually and stylistically . The film sticks so closely to the playbook that it never finds a way to become fun on its own terms .
It 's all breathless in the sense that every cast member sucks in his or her gut , chest puffed out , posing rigidly , half-naked , like Crossfit propaganda posters , reading lifeless lines .
The big box-tick here is that it is the women who ultimately command the impressively surging CGI hordes on both sides .
Despite hyperbolic acting , this is a dull-witted combination of ancient Greece and modern CGI - and the 3D element means that everyone bleeds as if entirely made of arteries .
The mere existence of 300 : Rise of an Empire is worthy of note , especially the inventive means by which the story has been advanced .
Considering the level of carnage , it 's astonishing how dreary it all manages to be , with computer-game visuals and Carry On dialogue conspiring to render everything dead in the water .
You liked 300 ? You 'll like this .
Filled with excessive amounts of blood splattering in slow motion , it 's a stylized action fantasy , revolving around naval battles , and brimming with grisly gore .
Uncomplicated fare for those who yearn for a time when men were prisoners of their masculinity and expected to kill as a consequence and women were brutalised by rape and the murder of family members into being as psychotic as their male counterparts .
A mostly-forgettable pantomime of blood , gore and sculpted abs .
I 'm glad to see Eva Green was able to secure her usual contractual codicils for raccoon eye makeup and at least 30 seconds of bared breasts .
The gore appears storyboarded to death , with much of the bloodletting presented in studied slow motion . It 's a dull , deadening approach , the type that can probably only be truly appreciated by 15-year-old boys and serial killers .
The battles are thrillingly staged and delightfully over-the-top but this movie belongs to Green who puts in a wonderfully nutty turn as unhinged Persian naval commander Artemisia .
If you must see this dark and murky 3D effort , see it in 2D and see it for Eva Green . Here is the next Wonder Woman if the film industry had any sense .
If not for Eva Green and her captivatingly insane portrayal of Artemisia , Rise of an Empire would be a failure as a sequel .
Somewhere in the fog of all these ideas and characterizations there is a central purpose , but the movie never finds it .
Gory for the greater glory of the genre , 300 : Rise of an Empire delivers what its predecessor promised , with all the skills of the filmmakers focused on gripping our senses and exciting them
By 20 minutes in , I 'd renamed this film 300 : Fall of the Dust Particles as director Noam Murro seemed to be fascinated by the effect of having dust float in the air .
Forgettable and only mildly entertaining , 300 : Rise of An Empire seals its own fate at the initial story level by being so deeply invested in its own mythmaking and playing it super safe .
Entediante apesar de todos os efeitos visuais , combates e gritos .
... a tawdry piece of sensationalized , stylistic junk , with barely an iota of accuracy ...
does n't top the original or even equal it , but it 's still an enjoyable film to watch and a spectacle to behold in the big screen 3D experience
Artemisia may ultimately have lost the war in this clash of civilizations , but she wins our hearts .
It 's a testosterone-dripping fantasy about blood lust , baby . The characters are based on real people and real events . The mode of storytelling is pure mythology .
The sequel employs the same flashy comic-book style as its predecessor .
Where the first ' 300 ' was visually stunning , hypnotic , bloody , and yet enjoyable , this new take is only half of that ; mainly brought on by the bravado performance of Eva Green .
Hitting the same story beat four times in one movie is n't very common -LRB- and a really bad idea -RRB- , but it is n't concerned with telling a story so much as it 's on a rinse-and-repeat cycle of purging CGI blood as and one-upping the last big battle .
Eventually it loses its shock value as the movie progresses , so there had better be a story worthy of peoples ' time .
Like the real Battle of Artemisium , which often takes a backseat to the Battle of Thermopylae , Rise of an Empire can not step out of 300 's lofty shadow .
This is the nadir of action cinema , a style that totally estranges the viewer from feeling anything at all about what they are watching .
Recommended for the action , special effects , and Eva Green . There 's an attempt at a plot in there somewhere .
If you thought that the main problem with 300 was that it did n't have enough boats in it , then 300 : Rise of an Empire -LRB- more accurate title : 302 : 300 On Boats -RRB- is most definitely the movie for you .
Abs jiggle , computerized gore is overdone , speeches lifted straight out of Braveheart nearly put you to sleep and push the definition of redundancy , and the acting makes you cringe in a contender for one of the worst films of the year .
The film feels epic in scope , visually at least , but the depth of its deep-focus composition is bitterly at odds with the flimsiness of its characterization and plotting .
-LRB- Eva -RRB- Green ... is the main reason to see `` Rise of an Empire . '' Her Artemisia is a cold , cruel , merciless and deadly commander who brooks no opposition from anyone , whether it is a subordinate or an enemy .
Fans of the this style will be rewarded when they once again see that , for a fun overblown action spectacle , `` Rise of an Empire '' earns the `` 300 '' coronation .
Ultimately there 's some familiar themes and storylines that `` 300 '' fans will enjoy seeing play out on the big screen , but `` Rise of an Empire '' fails to elevate the series to new heights .
One of those rare occasions when a sequel is a true sequel .
While Rise of an Empire may not be surprising , it is surprisingly entertaining , particularly with its two main characters .
It 's all there : super slow-mo , backgrounds burnished into flat surrealism , stark lighting . It 's a new kind of movie storytelling that 's both thrilling and exhausting . As they used to say in old Persia , beware of Greeks baring chests .
The result is a film that does everything it 's meant to without doing any of it all that well .
... if you 're up for sea serpents , exploding fat men , and an impressively insane performance from Eva Green , then `` 300 : Rise Of An Empire '' should entertain you tremendously .
Australian television star Stapleton , despite his best efforts , never summons the intensity that Gerard Butler so effortlessly exuded in the previous film .
It 's 300 at Sea and it 's not entirely terrible .
Do n't be surprised if , two weeks from now , you forget it ever existed .
This time you have the option of seeing all the blood , gore and bare chests and breasts in glorious 3-D .
It 's just more of the same old , same old that still takes itself far too seriously without fully accepting the campy romp it so desperately wants to be . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Forget Rise of an Empire -- the movie really should have been slugged More of the Same .
Long on crimson spurts of blood but low on character , larded with production value but bereft of any other kind of it , `` 300 : Rise of an Empire ' is a 3D joke .
The movie is colourful , highly stylized , incredibly violent and tons of intense fun .
As kinkily leather-clad Artemisia , Eva Green brings a deliciously sly camp knowingness and sublime smoky-eyed sensuality to the role that just about saves this absurdly over-laden vessel from sinking .
Green ca n't do much with this one-dimensional role , but she 's by far the best thing in the movie .
I 'm pretty sure someone quotes Vince Lombardi in the middle of it all .
It 's maybe a third as good as the original .
The filmmakers copy the look and style of the original , but important elements such as plot or a coherent story get lost in translation .
There is much grinding of teeth , and mauling of history , and anachronistic use of gunpowder , until we plug our ears and desperately pray to the gods of Olympus , or the brothers of Warner , that they might make an end .
If the movie 's action recalls video games , the dramatically artificial lighting suggests 1980s rock videos . Indeed , Rise of an Empire is so campy that it might work better as a musical .
Severed limbs once again fly , skulls split wetly , and fat gobbets of slo-mo blood squirt through the air , this time in 3D .
It piles on the beheadings , throat slashings , and impalements to near-unprecedented levels . No sign of brains , however .
More blood . More guts . More men with six-packs than a Quik-Trip on a Friday night .
Less Rise Of An Empire , more Fall Of A Franchise
`` 300 : Rise of an Empire '' gets a lot of mileage out of sheer venal spectacle . Just do n't try to derive a history lesson from the movie .
An extension of the 300 universe , like an add-on content pack for a video game .
`` 300 : Rise of an Empire '' is a bloodbath and not much else .
With its slo-mo ultraviolence , gushers of blood , impressive 3-D effects , homoerotic subtext , and self-important plot , this is a fan boy 's fantasy , a four-star wonderment .
A movie completely and utterly designed around one special effect repeated over and over and over and over again to the point of cartoonishness .
... it seems more like a video game than a real battle . One almost expects numbers in the corner keeping track of Greek and Persian casualties so we can keep score .
-LSB- S -RSB- erves as a prequel and a sequel , while providing a central plot that runs concurrently to the events of the previous film , and yes , the result is as unfocused as it sounds .
A bloody good - emphasis on the bloody - if occasionally flawed , companion piece that 's nearly as entertaining a crowd-pleaser as its predecessor .
Each vanquished man must be brutally massacred and approximately four gallons of blood must spurt out graphically - sometimes in slow motion -- in this tiring prequel/sequel .
Noam Murro takes the helm this time around , having proven his slow-motion 3-D action chops on ... indie drama Smart People ? What , were the Duplass brothers busy ?
The only thing that stands out from the carnage is Green , whose Artemisia is one of the most outright cray-cray villains since Cruella De Vil .
So copious is the spilling of blood , and so lovingly does the camera watch it , that director Noam Murro veers uncomfortably close to fetishism .
The naval collisions and melees play out in panel-like renderings that are bold and satisfying for the first half-hour but lack the momentum and bombastic je ne sais quoi of `` 300 . ''
Too much is going on . Too many characters bog down the action and the narrative thrust .
It 's a spectacle right down to its shattered ships and duplicitous warcraft , and this time out the story 's been leavened and enlivened with plenty of old-school girl power .
Murro may believe that he 's directed an anti-fascist movie , but what he 's really made is almost as coercive as fascist melodrama . It 's a big bully of an action film .
Yep , it might have taken seven years , but the 300 franchise has returned with more hysterically historical butchery for your entertainment pleasure .
Granted , you do n't go into this sort of thing expecting originality - or even coherence - but geez , a bit more effort would have been nice . Instead , we get a Z-grade knock-off of a B-grade cult film with half the style and none of the flair .
You will learn virtually nothing from this movie , except that Eva Green has very nice breasts .
The spectacularly brutal fighting is the film 's main calling card , and in that `` Rise of an Empire '' does n't disappoint .
For anyone looking for a sense of script -LRB- forget plausibility -RRB- , Empire is a Trojan horse .
`` Rise of an Empire '' may strike some as an improvement on the first film , if only for two reasons : naval warfare and the glorious absurdity of Eva Green .
Murro 's bottled lightning with his female star , Green , whose brutal punk vamp is the best reason to see the film .
Murro has a very tiresome habit , whenever anyone gets stabbed or slashed , of switching suddenly to slo-mo so that the gout of blood can spray languidly across the screen .
a situation where style trumps substance
The slow-motion battle scenes are technically impressive and occasionally elegant , but there 's enough machismo here to choke a thousand NFL locker rooms .
`` Empire '' proves that no decapitation can be too slow and no disemboweling too implied .
With the newness gone , all of the bloody battles in Rise of an Empire come across as gratuitous and boring .
The bold and bloody visual style remains reasonably compelling and the seafaring battle sequences mark the film apart from the original .
`` Rise of an Empire '' is no fun at all - even those famous six-pack abs from `` 300 '' seem to be missing a can or two in this desperate attempt to up an already dubious ante .
Eva Green shows up as the film 's best visual effect , transposing a one-note henchwoman into a symphony of glowers , glares , gnashing teeth and blunt-force decolletage .
A plotless montage of anonymous bodies .
Marching to the same beat as its predecessor , this belated follow-up delivers even more visual excess and brain-deadening bloodshed . Those who will find this fulfilling already know who they are .
The title 300 : Rise of an Empire takes on a whole new meaning when this bombastically stylized ancient Greece live-action cartoon comes to its inadvertently hilarious seduction scene .
As far as history goes , and the box office dictates , there 's plenty of room for a sequel . The ending almost commands it . In another eight years , we 're likely to see 300 : Xerxes , Bigger , Better , More Berserk .
`` 300 : Rise of an Empire '' plays like a collaboration between the Marquis de Sade and Michael Bay . Or maybe the History Channel and the `` Saw '' franchise .
This is n't a film for purists , nor is it a film for those who delve into Herodotus in their spare time . This is a comic book movie using Greek wars as a backdrop to tell archetypical tales .
The film winds up looking like an ashen video game . It 's even more muddy in IMAX and 3-D .
Marvels abound early on , including a wondrous panorama of sacked Athens with reeking fires , howling armies , keeling-over statues . By sea-fight time it is the battle hymn of the Athenian republic versus the growing din of déjà vu .
Green is fun to watch - she always is - but there 's a point at which the caricature becomes the career , and that point is drawing closer .
It would n't be much without Green .
The lack of a creative driver behind the film leads to a level of fundamental dissatisfaction . The movie delivers all the necessary elements but their impact is dull .
A very dull sequel that cries our for the same kind of larger-than-life hero played by Butler in the original . Worth watching only for Eva Green .
300 : Rise of an Empire only seems to exist to bolster the CGI blood industry .
Less bad , more just listless and disjointed . Eva Green is MVP by a long way .
A triumph of production design , costumes , brilliantly choreographed battle sequences and stunning CGI .
It 's like being forced to watch another person 's videogame .
Noam Murro gives the film nothing so much as a hit-refresh on the same glistening , impossibly golden and gray flecks of pixel-barf that have invaded the frames of every tent-pole studio release since the Bush administration .
Fans of the first outing will not feel they 've been stabbed in the back .
Hopefully fans of sword-and-sandal epics want more than fourth-rate battles and speeches , followed by more battles and then more speeches .
Even though Green has 40 per cent of the screen time , she makes off with 90 per cent of the fun ...
It 's just idiotic violence cloaked behind the guise of some sort of freedom fighting . Probably plays big over by the bench-press machine , but nowhere else .
A revisionist tale of female empowerment suggesting the fairer sex was the equal of any man even when engaged in mortal hand-to-hand combat .
Rise Of An Empire retains the earlier film 's hyper-stylized , digital backlot slickness , but without the Spartan rah-rah-rah that has ensured 300 's enduring popularity .
It 's as if Douglas Sirk made a combat video game .
`` Rise of an Empire '' is not great by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's very impressive in its single-minded dedication to creating a moviegoing experience designed to totally engulf its audience .
Eva Green is a firestorm in a movie that simply does n't deserve her .
Excessive in a humorless , mind-numbing way .
Provides a more inventive , wrecked viewing experience , trusting in the tenets of violence and heroism to craft a rousing blitz of war zone mayhem , with Murro delivering on the challenge one squirting neck wound at a time .
There 's over-the-top , and then there 's just bafflingly insane .
Has what it takes to bring a sense of awe back to modern audiences no longer easily impressed with fantastical , effects-driven sights .
Rise of an Empire is a sumptuous feast for the eyes that 's a worthy sequel to the action classic that does n't improve on the formula , but does entertain for the majority of its run-time .
The battle for Europe continues in this ridiculously violent and cartoonish second installment , which does to history what Darius I tried to do to Greece .
Wide-eyed and hammy , -LSB- Eva Green -RSB- 's Artemesia lusts for blood the way nymphomaniacs do sex . She makes out with a freshly dislodged head , howls orgasmically as she hacks limbs and snarls her way through lines like , `` You fight better than you f - . ''
There 's so much crimson gore flying off the screen you feel as if you should be wearing a tarp like the folks in the front row of a Gallagher show .
The film works as a high-tech boy-fantasy successor to `` Conan the Barbarian . ''
History takes a beating in ' 300 : Rise of an Empire , ' and viewers get a pretty good pummeling , too ... another wacky , CGI-dominated , ultra-macho bloodbath .
Both blood-bathetic and deliriously entertaining high camp ... will appeal mainly to meatheads , but those with a tolerance for over-the-top violence may appreciate it on other levels .
If you are expecting to see buckets of blood , no less than 25 + slow motion shots and the angriest sex scene of all of 2014 , then 300 : Rise of an Empire will not disappoint !
There 's more than enough to keep you entertained and diverted .
300 : Rise of an Empire is occasionally unintentionally funny . That said , it 's also utterly mesmerising , visually gorgeous and totally compelling .
Drowns in style and thrashes around the big screen like a chest beating ape . This is not Sparta .
Eva Green stalks this movie with pride and honor , and is almost the only thing worth watching amidst frenetic CGI cartoon battle action and endless ancient carnage .
This movie is just an exercise in bloodletting .
Mere mortals of Athens , Sparta , and every city from Mumbai to Minneapolis , behold the magnificent Eva Green , and tremble !
What 300 : Rise of an Empire lacks in Gerard Butler , it makes up for tenfold in Eva Green .
300 : Rise Of An Empire is a brainless , gore obsessed sequel to Zack Snyder 's already brutish original , lacking the honor and heroism that our Spartan warriors previously displayed .
Go tell the Spartans , stranger passing by , that these pretenders spoiled their franchise , and here their movie lies .
It 's flesh and carnage that the audience is here to see , and Murro delivers it by the glistening ton , pausing only for stray bits of backstory .
-LSB- VIDEO COLUMN -RSB- If only Frank Miller had written a graphic novel entitled `` Artemisia '' instead of `` Xerxes . '' Heaven knows the film only works whenever Eva Green is onscreen .
Rise of an Empire is n't without its highlights . Most notable is Eva Green 's bat-s ** t mad Artemisia , a villainess who chews the scenery so emphatically that there 'd be teeth marks on the sets if they were n't all digital .
Offers more , more , MORE in terms of gore , glory and battling brotherhood . And yet , this sequel pales in comparison to its predecessor .
This highly entertaining time-filler lacks the mythic resonances that made `` 300 '' feel like an instant classic , but works surprisingly well on its own terms .
Rise of an Empire peddles a very particular , fetishized form of masculine hero worship , but all in service of little more than a state-of-the-art showcase for unremitting violence .
Although Gerard Butler 's star has significantly fallen due to the 17 mediocre films he 's made since 300 , it must be admitted that he 's missed here ...
`` Rise of an Empire '' lacks director Snyder 's shrewd deconstruction of cartoonish hagiography , undermining the glorious , robust escapism of testosterone-fueled historical reenactment with an underdog story that 's almost too reflective to be rousing .
There is a sex scene in ' 300 : Rise of an Empire ' that is an all-timer .
If you do n't go for the 3-D Imax version , you 're cheating yourself - the only point of this movie is to take everything over the top , and that should include the viewing experience
An epic spectacle filled with fantastic visuals that ultimately works as a worthy follow-up .

@highlight

It 's bound to hit some viewers as an empty exercise in stylish gore , and despite a gonzo starring performance from Eva Green , 300 : Rise of an Empire is a step down from its predecessor .