If looked at as a tribute to our way of life , as opposed to an action blockbuster , it could resonate with audiences in a way no other film touching on the subject has to date .
Except for Jack no one else in the film is very well defined , and it often falls back onto types . The actors are good , and make the best of what they 've got , but what they 've got is very thin .
Unabashed love letter to firefighters everywhere .
A fairly routine firefighter drama , with burning-building sequences that more or less all look alike .
It 's slick and it honors firefighters as obviously as the first wave of WWII films paid tribute to America 's fighting men and women .
A well-crafted tribute to the many dedicated firefighters who risk life and limb to make our world a little safer .
I probably would be less troubled if it were n't so effective ; filmmakers who can drive audience responses this well should be able to find more depth in the material .
... has about the same amount of depth as an article from ` Boy 's Life . '
Ladder 49 wants to honor firefighters for their courage and selflessness ... yet at every turn -LSB- the film -RSB- undercuts itself .
A moving tribute -LSB- to firefighters -RSB- and an excellent dramatic work .
Heartfelt , predictable , and finally surprisingly poignant .
Uma produção triste e - sim - uma bela homenagem aos combatentes do fogo .
Ridiculous fabrications that , in no way , reflect real life .
The film also criminally wastes latino heart-throb Jay Hernandez , to the point where you suspect that he had a sub-plot that ended up on the cutting room floor .
Good acting , and well-staged action scenes , but the characters are thinly drawn , and the story is dull .
... the story of a quotidian but nevertheless authentic hero
A better name for `` Ladder 49 '' would have been `` Chutes and Ladders , '' like the game ...
An overly manufactured would-be tearjerking package that will surely give less savvy moviegoers the illusion that they 've watched an Important and Meaningful Film .
... after hitting me over the head with its conventional approach , I cried uncle and had to admit it did get to me .
A reasonably good , if predictable , meat-and-potatoes tearjerker .
The heroic firefighters of 9/11 deserve a better tribute than this tiresme and cliche tale .
It barely confronts the situations on a tormented , personal level -- as Martin Scorsese did when probing the spiritual agony of a paramedic in Bringing Out the Dead .
There 's a message in -LSB- this film -RSB- . Not only are firemen swell guys , they 're swell HETEROSEXUAL guys .
-LRB- Phoenix and Travolta -RRB- rescue the film from its own over-extended plot and soap opera style .
... Even in its most cloying moments , the movie works because of the acting .
The family stuff is pro forma , but not offensively so -- comfort food for date night audiences who 've learned a heightened respect for fireman over the last three years .
A two-alarm dud .
Pranks , rituals and fires keep coming throughout the melodramatic , cornball Ladder 49 .
I do n't know when I 've seen a movie so completely smug in its belief that its audience is on a par with Pavlov 's dogs .
A serviceable testament to the firemen who would bravely risk their lives to protect the safety of others , etc. , etc. .
This day-in-the-life melodrama is a surprisingly good piece of work , and while it covers no new ground it certainly holds the attention .
The risks firefighters take , like the sacrifices they make every day , are all too real . They deserve our thanks , our respect and infinitely better movie treatment than this .
What 's the use spending fifteen bucks on a date when you 're going to fall asleep in the theater instead of her apartment ?
A methodical , step-by-step account of a firefighter 's existence , presented in a no-frills , straight-ahead fashion but ultimately taking you no place you 've not been before .
Despite its honourable premise `` Ladder 49 '' is clunky and earnest in execution . **
If the film loses itself midstream , forgetting where it 's going and which paths it needs to take to get there , Phoenix saves it with equal parts heroism and humanity .
Here 's a drama that 's extraordinary because it 's , well , ordinary .
... draws us steadily into its warm core with a sense these are real people , who might be sleeping or carousing down at the neighborhood firehouse .
Ladder 49 overkills on melodrama -- the slow-paced adventure flick has enough tear-jerking Hallmark moments to extinguish a three-alarm blaze .
... -LSB- a -RSB- toxic tearjerker . As a showcase meaning to be both actively flashy and introspective , Ladder 49 succeeds in blowing smoke up one 's pant leg
I can imagine it playing on a continuous loop at Ground Zero .
The film never is as inspiring as its subject matter , but it aims our thoughts toward proper contemplation .
Tender , moving and insightful .
You will see some outstanding fire fighting sequences along with a glimpse at the lives of firemen in the building as well as family life at home .
It 's a hose-job of sentimentality and stereotyping . I give it 49 hankies .
Smoulders , but the personal story of an American firefighter never catches fire .
There 's no `` high concept '' at work here - just a heartfelt , meaningful examination of simple everyday heroism .
... Ladder 49 makes Ron Howard 's Backdraft look gritty by comparison , which is really saying something .
Makes for a fine TV special .
On the plus side , it does occasionally get away with some very effective old-fashioned melodrama .
Sappy , trite and boringly routine . This is no way to honor fire-fighters .
What touched me was the fact that this is about real people doing the work of heroes .
It does a better job showing them as firemen than as people - the overall result does n't quite spark .
... a film that will likely stand as the great Hollywood tribute to urban firefighters ...
Ladder 49 might have been an oversized Hollywood dazzler . Phoenix keeps it firmly and modestly on a human scale .
Offers audiences a real rarity in theaters these days : a good , honest cry .
Even the best scenes feel canned , secondhand , packaged . We 've seen this all before .
Though handsomely mounted and efficiently staged , this mass of firefighter cliches swings wildly between heartstring-tugging melodrama , testosterone-fueled action and buddy comedy , weighed down by too many predictable twists and storytelling contrivances .
The story of Jack Morrison -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- , a guy so emotionally uncomplicated and unquestioningly dedicated to rescuing people he might have been raised by Saint Bernards .
An action drama/weepie that 's so busy telling us that its characters are heroes , it forgets that they should be people first .
Ladder 49 is a feel-bad film ... one that you will leave feeling disturbed-either because you 've been crying or because you feel cheated out of a story .
In its determination to create a tribute , the filmmakers smooth too many edges and simplify too many complex emotions .
A certain grave respect was owed firemen even before Sept. 11 , 2001 , but Ladder 49 does n't earn the piety it wants .
A film that loves and respects the country 's firefighters , but makes the mistake of not getting to know them in a meaningful or substantial way .
It 's a good movie .
A most earnest film , projecting an uncommon decency and courage among its characters that 'll impress most viewers , save for the more cynical .
I would classify Ladder 49 as a ` safe ' movie . There 's nothing daring about it , but it offers a solid emotional core and there is a touching payoff .
Ladder 49 continually teases the fate of firefighters before it gives us a reason to care about any of the characters ...
In its own plodding way , Ladder 49 does finally achieve emotional resonance .
You have to marvel at the crass exploitation inherent in a movie that exists to show a bunch of firefighters in one life-threatening situation after another .
Every cliché in every movie or TV show about firemen is recycled here but often to pleasant effect .
We all know firefighters are heroes ; show us the humans under the hats .
A testament to the courage of firefighters . And the laziness of screenwriters .
Plays as if the filmmakers compiled a list of every smoke-eater cliché imaginable and then resolutely set about crossing them off .
A profile in everyday courage , the common denominator of men who fight fires for a living , choosing to go into buildings that other people are trying to get out of .
What really would have gotten us more into the experience ... would have been a script that delved deeper beneath the firefighters ' helmets .
Sure , it 's cornier than Orville Redenbacher 's home pasture , more predictable than a digital clock clicking the minutes away . But a little heart can go a long way .
I admire the effort . I just was n't very interested .
A blazing hagiography replete with swelling strings in the soundtrack and a plot that manipulates heartstrings with equal shamelessness .
In treating its blaze-battling subjects with such reverence , the filmmakers douse the storytelling sparks that are so desperately required .
An imperfect but deeply affecting movie about the unadorned heroism of working-class firefighters .
The kind of sentimental cash grab that can make a red-blooded gal feel cynical and depressed not just about Hollywood , but America in general .
As it 's not the most original film about the heroes in suspenders , Ladder smolders more than burns .
What it has is a tired narrative frame ... a lost ensemble cast , no depth of character and a series of situations taken straight from the land of obvious .
A well-intended melodrama that 's as soggy as a firehose .
It 's hard to come down too hard on this well-intentioned drama , as cornball and manipulative as it is at times .
Does n't plumb many depths , but it derives its power from the idea of unity in the face of danger , which also can be taken as a post-Sept . 11 theme .
It may be years before any writer makes an on-screen firefighter into a loser , let alone a villain . In the meantime , Ladder 49 will stoke the embers on all of our firefighter daydreams .
The best compliment I can pay Ladder 49 is to say that it left me feeling thoughtful and sad .
As more than one character reminds us , these are men who run into burning buildings when you and I are busy running out . All the boilerplate in Hollywood ca n't change that .
If Phoenix is destined for greatness , this , his upcoming Johnny Cash biopic and last year 's Buffalo Soldiers may be looked back on as the time he finally hit his stride .
A false drama obnoxiously replete with mawkish sentiment
Arriving just three weeks after the third anniversary of 9/11 , this performs the same function as a World War II picture produced in the immediate postwar era ...
Step-by-step predictable and not that entertaining .
Ladder 49 layers the heroics on so thick that we never get a sense of what goes on underneath all the turnout gear . Once all the smoke clears , there 's nothing there .
... a much more thoughtful story that expresses the deserved good feelings we have for the best of the best .
Sentimental and surprisingly uncomplicated , Ladder 49 seems a disservice to the very folks it wants to extol .
Ladder 49 nearly burns itself by adoring its subject matter too much .
-LSB- M -RSB- ight be feel-good , old-fashioned , cornball melodrama , but it 's a kind of feel-good that I guess I needed , that maybe more people than me still need .
What is the point of Ladder 49 ? Fire is scary?Fire fighting is dangerous?Veterans lose their youthful idealism ? ... It 's as pointless as a movie about the sky being blue .
I liked this film . It 's nothing extraordinary , but ...
Any spark of drama that might have caught ablaze is smothered by a thick blanket of earnestness .
Ladder 49 is just about the most ironed-flat fireman tribute a group of people could make .
Most of the reason why Ladder resonates so much is the cast , led by a tender , gripping performance from Joaquin Phoenix .
It 's a safe little bet-hedger and a movie that will allow the multiplexers to `` truly appreciate '' the actions of our nation 's firefighters - for at least 120 minutes , anyway .
` Why do we run into a burning building while everyone else is running out ? ' is the same as asking ` Why do I go see crap movies like Ladder 49 ? ' Because it 's my friggin JOB !
Needs cogent drama or star power , but it does n't have either .
I really wanted to love Ladder 49 , and am disappointed that I can only give it a modest recommendation .
A series of Hallmark-card platitudes , not a human portrait .
Idolization does n't make for particularly compelling entertainment .
It 's more likely you 'll wind up suffering from compassion fatigue than be drawn in to the story .
In its best moments , the film works as both an exciting and formula-breaking action-adventure and as an enjoyably sappy tearjerker .
This is essentially a male weepie about strong , simple men and the strong , simple women behind them , and as such it 's platitudinous rubbish .
over reliance on images too freshly familiar and frequent from September of 2001 disconnect the viewer from its more everyday heroism
The problem with Ladder 49 is that it wants to be a tribute more than it wants to be a movie . It 's mostly exposition ; no true narrative exists .
Not a saga told with subtlety .
Ladder 49 is the most moving , emotion stirring , film of the year . Joaquin Phoenix will break your heart as Jack Morrison .
Laughably short on character development .
It may keep you asking why men and women choose this lifestyle . It will make you grateful they do .
The movie gets sloppy with most of its secondary characters ... But , when it focuses on Phoenix , it has a frank , compelling story to tell .
It 's one of those films that can make a snob sentimental , especially if he knows a firefighter -- or a cop , or a nurse , or a prison guard -- who makes a difference .
For all its noble intentions , the movie is really a work of crass exploitation -- an obvious and manipulative grab to cash in on the post-9 / 11 hero worship of the firefighting profession .
Morrison , trapped beneath burning rubble , reviews his cliche-ridden life .
Bearable only to people in deep mourning and vulnerable to emotional coercion . Which is , of course what makes the whole thing so distasteful .
The movie is n't afraid to wear its heart on its sleeve . But the sentiment never seems out of place , perhaps because we 're talking about people who are n't afraid to put their lives on the line .
Dull-as - 1970s-TV screenplay .
Aside from the awesome flames and pyrotechnic scenes of crisis , danger , and part-of-the-job bravery , the movie is a quiet salute ; it does its job .
A condescending and cloying melodrama , constructed around the almighty flashback and slick in pretending to tell the human story .
The fire-fighting sequences are excitingly staged and I 'll freely admit to a couple of tears .
-LSB- Russell -RSB- typically has a good touch with sentimentality and stereotypes , but here he ca n't seem to get a healthy handle on a cliché-ridden script .
Filled with earnest heroics that are a far cry from the cynical deconstruction on FX 's Rescue Me . But it works its own level , as its own project .
If there 's an original moment in this tedious drama , I must have been rubbing my eyes for a nanosecond and missed it .
Ladder 49 is a big , bloated , boring , heartless drama ...
A pleasant , sometimes stirring movie that 's riddled with plaster saints -- it 's all backslapping and camaraderie , which is often agreeable but even more often dull .
Other than a brief interlude in which Jack meets his Instant Bride at a grocery store , Ladder 49 follows the same course over and over .
Ladder 49 is not a daring film , but more of a middle of the road , safe , sometimes cliché , star-driven movie with a few wonderful emotional moments .
The makers of Ladder 49 insist that halos remain above its firemen/heroes , which is not the way to humanize them .
The further Ladder gets into the story of Jack 's past , the deeper we care about his uncertain present .
Filmmaking of least resistance , in which true heroism is exploited for emotional spare change .
... freshness and originality were n't the highest priority for this firefighter drama focused on a post-9 / 11 brand of sacrificial All-American heroism .
the firefighting is realistic and the players are emotional , but the movie ultimately fails because it violates the first rule of dramatic writing ; there 's no clear premise .
I hate this film .
Smothered by the heart-on-sleeve melodramatics of the storytelling , which seems intent on leaving no cliche unused and pounding each of them home .
It piles on the schmaltz and the lame attempts at humor so that we 'll see the film as a comedy with a big heart , a really big heart .
As for the soulless fire sequences , they 're so big and suspenseful you half expect to see Celine Dion standing on top of a building wailing `` My Heart Will Go On . ''
Conventional , lacking in depth , and reliant on the artifical tension of action scenes to goose along an otherwise watchable but dull movie .
Baltimore 's firemen are way less interesting than their cops -LRB- see The Wire and Homicide : Life on the Streets -RRB- , or New York 's finest -LRB- see Rescue Me -RRB- .
... does a wonderful job of showing life in that firehouse .
I guess you ca n't really go overboard in glorifying firefighters and the business of saving lives .














@highlight

Instead of humanizing the firemen , the movie idolizes them , and thus renders them into cardboard characters .