The disappointment of The Belko Experiment , then , is that it shifts so abruptly into horror-film terrain that it fails to examine the way this office has brainwashed these characters .
Whenever choices become binary-black or white , kill or be killed-that 's the sign of the apocalypse , and `` The Belko Experiment '' captures just one instance in what probably feels like a worldwide tournament of murderous madness .
The Belko Experiment is filled with so much untapped potential that it feels appropriate to wish that James Gunn had directed it himself
A thoroughly unpleasant , tedious , and immensely vicious piece of junk .
What goes on in the frames of this film plays like an understanding of procedure but nothing of soul .
The surrender to expediency is unrestrained , but it 's only at the close that McLean indulges the macabre and expressionistic , giving the atrocities a counterpoint .
Going about its grisly business with undisguised relish , the film comes closer to the chilly spirit of science fiction writer J.G. Ballard than director Ben Wheatley did in his recent , overwrought adaptation of Ballard 's novel High-Rise .
... an inventively gory , frequently funny thrill ride that 's just the thing to kick back with at the end of a long week in the rat race .
For those moments when you want to watching something effectively nihilistic , it 's a good ` un .
The Belko Experiment is n't much more than a good time at the theater , but it is n't really trying to be and does n't really have to be .
... unless you 're thoroughly entertained by the sight of folks dying gruesomely every six seconds or so the underlying commentary on social-science run amuck will hardly seem worth the brain-splattering tedium .
A lean , mean , bloody comedy of the darkest order , Greg McLean 's The Belko Experiment is pure genre fun .
You 'll laugh , you 'll gasp , you 'll watch people 's heads explode . What more can anyone ask for , really ?
It 's still a decent thriller if you can stomach the gore , but you may find yourself wishing the movie had let loose with just a little more inventiveness , given the fact that the central metaphor is so bleeding obvious .
This is little more than a sadistic exercise in violence and death , more along the lines of the Saw series . And if it did n't have such a terrific cast , it would be unwatchable .
Good , clean - well , not clean - generic fun from Wolf Creek director Greg McLean , bolstered by a solid ensemble cast and impressive bloodwork .
As grisly entertainment , it works , and it does have a mean bite , but it does n't quite live up to its potential .
It is directed by Greg McLean and has an energetic performance by John Gallagher Jr as the unsplattable hero , but we 've seen this Battle Royale or Hunger Games scenario too many times .
Bargain-basement satire and formulaic , seen-it-all-before bloodshed .
A brutal little belter of a film , with satire and splatter laid on as thick as you like .
A white-collar horror that 's fun while it lasts , Belko is tense and inventively gory , but lacks substance and characters to root for .
The bloodbath of corporate downsizing within a cutthroat capitalist marketplace is imagined as a literal massacre in the latest thriller from reliable horror shingle Blumhouse Productions .
A brutal , bloody battle royale that glides along nicely until a disappointing dip in the second half . Still , there are plenty of positive results from this experiment , especially for gore fans .
Naturally engaging , given the fascinating premise and the fast-paced nature of its execution , The Belko Experiment does seem a little too happy to settle for b-movie status , rather than strive to neither subvert , or transcend expectations .
A one-note scenario that never ups the ante on itself , and never even bothers to use its extreme situation to send up office politics or corporate policies .
The Belko Experiment offers an intensified allegory of today 's world of work - as well as the thrill of the hunt - all in an amusingly banalised milieu of lobbies , lifts and cubicles .
its origins are in the Stanford Experiment ... how long would it take you to become a killer ?
Survival is human nature . But what happens after that ? Belko leaves that up to its audience , but with little evidence to try and make a decent argument .
Unfortunately , as the film becomes bloodier and bloodier , it also becomes more and more deadening , with each subsequent death a little less shocking and impactful .
As a parable about the inherently dehumanizing aspects of the rat race , it 's bloody good fun .
-LSB- The Belko Experiment -RSB- is unfortunately weighed down by weak execution and underdeveloped ideas of unhinged violence which never really reach the heights it might have aimed for .
The Belko Experiment does next to nothing to set itself apart , putting unremarkable characters in a mundane setting to play out a plot we 've seen several times before
This soulless bloodbath is n't badly made for what it is-but as always with trash like this -LRB- Saw , The Purge -RRB- , what it is is the problem .
I like to look at it as a film where brains go flying in a fairly convincing , somewhat entertaining manner .
Relentlessly bleak and hopeless , as well as grisly and gory , this well-made thriller still paints an interesting portrait of human nature and the divide between perceived strength and kindness .
Just unpleasant .
It could have used a few more weeks on the drafting table , to sharpen its ideas and give it priorities other than gore .
THE BELKO EXPERIMENT is n't the type of horror film that should remain in your mind long after you 've watched it , though it 's taut , gripping , and certainly frightening at times .
It 's no masterwork , but -LSB- James Gunn 's -RSB- ride-or-die fans would be remiss to miss this freakish fruit of his Marvel Studios labor .
With no subtext or style to justify it , the film is as cruelly nihilistic as its fictional experimenters are .
The unsatisfying result of all the berserk paranoia is predictable.Talk about a take-no-prisoners plot .
A barely watchable splatterfest that 's good only for watching a recognizable cast of B-listers slice one another into shredder remnants .
This psychologically provocative horror/thriller is relentlessly chaotic , filled with violent carnage .
The real horror is , is this a more realistic depiction of the workplace than the comedies that have come before it ?
While Gunn and McLean do n't rewrite the company handbook , they still do a good enough job bullet pointing the important stuff to make reading it worthwhile .
There needs to be something more than the sheer spectacle of fine character actors like Tony Goldwyn , John C. McGinley and others butchering their colleagues in every conceivable way .
Vicious , mostly satisfying action .
if you have an appreciation for horror-thrillers that push boundaries , The Belko Experiment is an admirably messed-up work of nihilism .
The Belko Experiment is one of the most shockingly violent major genre releases to hit theaters in quite some time , and is a brilliant social satire that 's not afraid to go for the jugular .
Every time Belko gets into a groove , with some fun plot twists or inventively gory moments , it pauses to make some point or another about the modern workplace that feels at least a decade out of date .
The Belko Experiment takes itself terrifyingly seriously , making for a nerve-racking experience in terror .
The Belko Experiment makes for a truly fascinating concept , but is dragged down by mundane execution that does n't always engage the viewer .
Gunn cherry picks from the boldest in battle royal cinema , but does n't sharpen the effort into a fine point , content to manufacture a massacre , but wary of assigning any deeper meaning to it .
There 's an interesting cross-section of codes of morality and rationale from the various unwilling participants in the experiment , proving plenty of food for thought and a few things to discuss with friends -LRB- and coworkers -RRB- after the end credits fade .
It has nothing to say about anything and the way that it plays on our own fears regarding the epidemic of real-life office violence is more grotesque than it is provocative .
If the film never gets beyond a sophomore dorm-level probing of human nature , it 's still darkly compelling on its own terms . And it winds its way toward some truly shocking twists .
The Belko Experiment is my least favorite movie James Gunn has written .
For all its promise to be a wry commentary on the savagery of office politics , `` The Belko Experiment '' is more like an experiment in how many cracked-open skulls can be crammed into one movie .
By the end of the film , you 're left with the unshakable feeling that everyone involved , from actors to filmmakers to the audience , is , and should have been , better than material like this .
The Belko Experiment feels like a return to the blood-slicked horror comedy of -LSB- Gunn 's -RSB- roots , even if it does n't completely fire on all cylinders .
You may think of Dilbert one minute , the Nuremberg defense the next . No , really .
We live in disturbing times . Belko is an appropriately disreputable , gleefully disturbing movie .
Reductive but potent .
Channeling the Stanford Prison Experiment just to make heads go boom seems pointlessly complicated , not to mention sadistic to anyone expecting something brainier .
Gunn 's biggest conceptual failure is that his scenario is thoughtlessly cruel .
What pushes this movie past `` dumb '' into `` reprehensible '' is its glib attitude regarding the consequences of its own images .
Any movie that includes death by tape dispenser is worth seeing .
The movie might have been better served by a director not hellbent on rubbing pretty much every head wound in the viewer 's face .
The movie is most certainly a genre film fan 's delight : equal parts smart and mean .
It 's not exactly satirical news that the culture of big business is dog-eat-dog , but you 're more likely to wince at the cruelty in Billy Wilder 's The Apartment than at the body-count ethos here .
The Belko Experiment is the kind of film many people will walk out of , and those who stick it out to the end just to see the curtain pulled back will be sorely let down by an ending so anti-climactic I could spoil it right now and you 'd ask , `` That 's it ? ''
Movies like The Belko Experiment make me forget why I like horror .
Do n't expect style or invention , much less satire .
While it 's hardly a work of groundbreaking originality , it 's a heck of a lot more fun than the majority of horror films churned out at the moment .
The Belko Experiment has the darkly comic cynicism of James Gunn 's early movies but ca n't fully escape its gory B-movie trappings .
The Belko Experiment boasts an impressive lineup of both new and veteran character actors , most of whom turn in respectable work here , yet are squandered in irritatingly one-note characters .
Tight , over-the-top , smart , sometimes silly and hugely satisfying
Works well as a movie meant to provoke thought and discussion with a capitol ` P. '
The film 's down-and-dirty nastiness does have its merits , but the bloodshed is n't nearly as interesting when the characters are as exciting as a spreadsheet .
A bloody send-up of office politics .
Often feels like a half-formed sketch of a script brought to life , rather than something that warrants a tiresome sequel tease at the end .
... a relatively fun effort that works best when viewed with a large , enthusiastic crowd .
The film hits the ground running , ratchets up the intensity , and reaches an exhilarating crescendo that is sure to please . Genre movie lovers are going to walk away certain they got the most for their money .
I did n't have fun watching The Belko Experiment and it did n't make me think about anything-either other than how much more of the film I had to endure before it was over .
The Belko Experiment rides a gushing wave of carnage through the elevators of an unsuspecting office building , gleefully making wolves out of sheep .
In the hands of McClean , the film 's violence feels often overwrought instead of fun .
As a self-aware guilty pleasure , `` The Belko Experiment '' may not quite seize greatness , but it does give it a playful squeeze .

@highlight

The Belko Experiment offers a few moments of lurid fun for genre enthusiasts , but lacks enough subversive smarts to consistently engage once the carnage kicks in .