There is nothing so very original about this rather sentimental plot , but the manner of its presentation is a welcome innovation .
The film is electric : overwhelmingly passionate and sexual .
Ninety years on , `` Sunrise '' still packs a wallop , technically , even if its storyline is a tad melodramatic .
A movie in which every single moment is exactly right .
It 's the brilliant imagery and ground-breaking techniques that make it such a timeless achievement .
If you need an introduction to silent cinema , F.W. Murnau 's 1927 milestone remains a piercingly direct universal drama .
Rich , strange and gorgeous , F.W. Murnau 's Sunrise shows what an artist of the late silent era could accomplish cinematically , backed by an open checkbook and fueled by the highest aspirations even in the simplest of morality tales .
Cinema at its most exhilarating .
For his Hollywood début , in 1927 , the German director F. W. Murnau brought a slender story to life with a breathtaking display of cinematic virtuosity , creating one of the masterworks of the art form .
This is pure cinema : emotionally uplifting , utterly absorbing , sublimely refreshing .
gives the modern viewer a way to look back at the history of cinema
Murnau deftly balances the changes in tone , going from a deep foreboding to complete bliss , and using Expressionistic techniques like forced perspective , wonky set design , and long shadows to project a huge range of emotion .
Sunrise may not be the greatest film ever made -LRB- as the French critics once declared -RRB- , but it certainly is one of the most lyrical , stunning , and influential works in cinema history .
F.W. Murnau 's first American film is a tour de force of silent filmmaking .
F.W. Murnau 's career-peak nova , the crowning film from that sacred , edge-of-the-abyss year of 1927 .
One of those seminal works without which modern movies would n't exist ...
In its artistry , dramatic power and graphic suggestion it goes a long way toward realizing the promise of this foreign director in his former works , notably Faust .
Picturesquely soporific .
-LSB- an -RSB- unexpectedly harmonious marriage of German expressionism and Hollywood romanticism .
Murnau 's visual mastery , his marriage of expressionism , visual lyricism and the daring technological ambition of pre-sound Hollywood , shows silent cinema at its pinnacle .
Released in 1927 , the last year of silent film , it 's a pinnacle of that lost art .
One of the last great silent movies .
One of the finest romantic dramas of all time .
An example of True Love styled to cinema perfection .
Moody and melodramatic , a technical treat that grabs hold of the viewer and will not let him go .
One of the finest examples of cinema 's artistic flowering at the cusp of the silents-to-sound transition ...
This sexy melodrama and intense psychological thriller provides an original and satisfying mix of romanticism , artifice and realism .
Mr. Murnau proves by Sunrise that he can do just as fine work in Hollywood as he ever did in Germany .
F.W. Murnau 's Sunrise -LRB- 1928 -RRB- conquered time and gravity with a freedom that was startling to its first audiences . To see it today is to be astonished by the boldness of its visual experimentation .
Murnau masterpiece ; gorgeously shot and acted .
Reckless , romantic , and extravagant .
A textbook of silent film techniques and astounding black-and-white cinematography ...
An exuberant pioneer picture conceived on a big canvas , blazing an inspirational trail for just about everything Hollywood has done since .
Sunrise speaks well of the silent screen and its cinematic powers .
It 's a love story that 's more than just a tale of broken hearts and damp hankies . It 's also a landmark in the history of cinema that turns melodrama into high art .
Alternatingly romantic , joyful , sexy and terrifying
F.W. Murnau 's visual style adds depth and excitement to the drama , and humour .
Nothing will explain it or the experience of it . It simply has to be seen -- and that is as it should be .
The status of Sunrise as the finest silent film ever made is threatened perhaps only by Murnau 's own The Last Laugh .
One of the most luminous experiences you will have in a movie theater .
' ... many of the black and white scene stills could be displayed in the post-impressionist wing of the Musee d'Orsay '
One of the first psychological thrillers ever made , F.W. Murnau 's silent Sunrise is as dark as they come .
One of the select few films in history that show what the medium is capable of attaining at its highest , most exalted state .
Sunrise -LRB- 1927 -RRB- is German director F. W. Murnau 's American debut - his first project for Hollywood 's Fox Film Corporation . It was the first feature film
Sunrise is an incredible achievement , and perhaps the greatest silent drama ever made .
Sunrise is often rightfully noted for its technical achievements but what is often overlooked is its emotional power .






@highlight

Boasting masterful cinematography to match its well-acted , wonderfully romantic storyline , Sunrise is perhaps the final -- and arguably definitive -- statement of the silent era .