Boring at times , laughably bad at others and occasionally , I 'm afraid , both .
Despite its Euro-gothic pretensions , the film struggles to sell its far-fetched premise and is further hobbled by a slew of unconvincing performances .
This is a college essay about religion dressed up as drama . Grade : F.
Deriving inspiration from a certain famed Arthur Miller play and reframing it for the era of rampant , media-invoked Satanic Panic fears , `` Regression '' provocatively blankets its elegiac mystery in a malignant pall of diabolical foreboding .
This is a movie that , because it deals with secrets , promises thrills and possibly a measure of terror ; but , in fact , everything is based on an anti-climax , and the result is a resounding `` so what ? ''
Fans of the genre are in for a stylish film , if not a classic .
Absurdity turns quickly to boredom .
Amen치bar 's film can barely lay out its faith-vs . - science-vs . - reason conflicts , much less employ them for critical purposes .
By no means the disaster -LRB- at least artistically -RRB- it 's been painted as , this is an unusual horror movie -- one that critiques and subverts its own genre .
Hawke anchors the film as a cop who descends deeper and deeper into the monstrous , violent world he 's uncovered .
fills me with malaise
Listless and lazy , Regression is an ugly mess of genre tropes that tries -LRB- and fails -RRB- to pass itself off as an atmospheric dissection of hypnosis and hysteria .
... Regression treats the film more like a dull Salem witch hunt rather than looking deeper into the phenomenon .
A disposable genre movie that can not scare , convince , or enlighten .
The amazing thing about Regression is n't so much that it 's bad , it 's that it 's mundane .
Regression is eerily old-fashioned , a mystery more concerned with abject paranoia than blood and guts .
Tripped up by its subject matter , the movie is ultimately a tepid and frustrating experience .
Well-intended seriousness dismantles `` Regression , '' a not-exactly-horror horror movie that 's also a mystery with no mystery .
... an absurd procedural that never generates much suspense and takes itself way too seriously .
Amenabar is a smart filmmaker , but the movie simply gets away from him before he has a chance to secure its thematic sucker punch .
It spends a lot of time considering the fear of knowing , which may explain why Alejandro Amen치bar did n't seem to know what kind of film he was making .
Amen치bar aims for a noirish X-Files vibe , but preposterousness rules this inert trudge that does absolutely no justice to a terrible real-life phenomenon .
The film is almost saved from complete mediocrity by Emma Watson .
The movie exudes a certain seriousness which its screenplay manifestly ca n't support .
A movie that could 've been made by any other respectable American filmmaker . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is well performed but lacks tension and surprise .
Straddles the line between psychological suspense and supernatural horror .
This is a very ponderous affair , pitched in some purgatorial wasteland between cop thriller and Rosemary 's Baby-style Satanic drama .
The cinematic equivalent of a dog chasing its tail .
For a less trashy , more authentically chilling experience , seek out Ti West 's The House of the Devil instead .
For a while Regression chugs along as a reasonably watchable psychological thriller , but then it lurches into horror territory , which is where writer-director Alejandro Amenabar lost me .
Ethan Hawke is one of the most naturally plausible screen actors working today , but Regression is the film that has finally defeated him .
Regression is a modestly budgeted investigative thriller that showcases ill-judged performances , poorly written characters and horrible direction .
Something to be airbrushed from everyone 's CV .
A lackluster return from director Alejandro Amen치bar . A boring , predictable and generic movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The exploration of whether regression therapy reveals buried memories or implants false ones is cheapened by a succession of dumb clues as to what is - disappointingly as it turns out - really going on .
The only good thing about this movie is the production design , everything else is worthless . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Predictable and without charisma , the movie only delivers half way : it 's entertaining but it never really surprises . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This allegedly fact-based tale of Satanic suspicions in small-town Minnesota is potboiler material at best , threatening far twistier terrors than those it predictably delivers .
In trying to combine the perceptiveness of a drama about mass hysteria and poor police work with the jump-in-your-seat frisson of a thriller , Regression is killed in the crossfire .

@highlight

Regression boasts a pair of eminently likable leads -- neither of whom are able to dislodge the movie from the mire of psychological thriller mediocrity .