At the end of a very long two-and-a-quarter hours not really understanding why certain characters have decided to do certain things ... well , it 's frustrating to say the least .
There is no such thing as a minor Terence Davies .
Much of the Scottish tongue is impossible to understand , but where the words lag , the pictures fill . Davies ' direction makes Sunset Song meaningful .
The film seems determined to hit us over the head with the notion that ingrained ways of life are unchangeable : especially a culture that keeps women down .
The film 's rugged scenery is both sublime and brutal , mirroring the extremes of experience within the narrative .
Sunset Song 's story is told through moments of gorgeous , dramatic transition . But it will be remembered for its profound intimacy .
Terrible things happen to the people in this film , but the story is captivating nonetheless . Although the story is a downer , there is a kind of noble enduring spirit shown by Chris throughout the film , and that helps a lot .
Terence Davies is a clear-eyed nostalgia artist specializing in the retrieval of the mood and the color of the past . Sunset Song ... seems like the culmination of his work .
Hardcore fans of veteran director Terence Davies -LRB- Distant Voices , Still Lives -RRB- will likely lap up every sumptuously lit frame of his slow-moving , lovingly composed adaptation of the Lewis Grassic Gibbon novel ... Everyone else , bring a pillow .
For sheer rapturous beauty , Terence Davies 's Sunset Song might be the film to top this year .
-LSB- It took -RSB- Terence Davies 18 years to bring this adaptation of Lewis Grassic Gibbon 's novel to life . To show my appreciation , I 've seen the film twice ; and it 's just as brutally devastating and moving second time around .
The patient pace and painterly images mark the feature as one of Davies ' best .
An absorbing slow-moving coming-of-age family drama set in the early 20th century in rural North-East Scotland .
So lovingly does cinematographer Michael McDonough 's camera track the rural landscape that it 's just as true to say that Davies 's film is about Scotland itself , and about the intrinsic link between the land and the people born to it .
It has taken Terence Davies 18 years to bring Sunset Song to the screen , but it was worth it .
After what can only be described as an audaciously bleak opening act , Sunset Song makes a gentle , sweeping turn towards greener pastures on behalf of its redoubtable heroine .
The structure can be episodic at times but the strength of Sunset Song is in its cumulative power . It reveals a soulful outlook that , like the cherished land , endures .
... contains characteristic moments of great beauty ...
Davies is in no hurry to tell this intimate story , and he handles it with his customary sensitivity , confirming his status as one of Britain 's finest contemporary directors .
From its opening image , a beautiful sweeping shot over a golden field that arrives at the protagonist , the beautiful and modest Chris -LRB- Agyness Deyn -RRB- , one feels the urgency and conviction that lies behind it .
As a saga , the film waxes and wanes , but Davies ' feel for the painterly landscape and the exquisite construction of whatever is within his frame never wavers .
... worthwhile for its evocative glimpse into the period and the setting , and for the resulting contrast between insulated blue-collar farmers and the changing world around them .
It blooms with moments of astonishing beauty : a yellow frenzy of springtime trees ; a still room where the light slants in the window like a reaching hand ; a desolate landscape , impossibly green .
Sunset Song is a grieving Scottish ballad of childhood 's end .
... the stunning cinematography of Michael McDonough ... turns the wheat fields and candlelit interiors of the Guthrie home into living paintings .
Like Davies ' best work , the movie employs classical rigor - perfectly symmetrical , painterly landscapes and interiors - with unexpected postmodern touches .
`` Sunset Song '' is not without flaws , but it 's an art film of uncommon beauty .
Sunset Song is not one of Davies ' most expressive or artistically successful films , but I 'm very glad for the opportunity to have made the acquaintance of Chris Guthrie .
The picture is evocative and beautiful , but also richly pained , with Davies finding a way to execute a simple tale of growth with sophisticated emotions .
The visual lushness is so overpowering that it nearly comes across as clueless .
Tthe shades that creep across the rooms and faces in Sunset Song are likely to break your heart with their beauty and sense of lost possibility .
It 's a compressed sprawling life 's tale of common folk torn by man 's intolerance and a family 's pain . And an under-nourishing meal .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie 's final act feels hurried and uncharacteristically false .
It 's an absorbing , finely composed , fretful film . But when it 's over , there is as much relief for the filmgoer as appreciation for the filmmaker 's art .
Unfortunately , Agyness Deyn 's acting chops are n't quite up to the task of carrying Sunset Song .
Davies tries things nobody else would try . Here that means allowing the choral passages - scenes in which individual characters and groups of characters express their feelings in popular ballads or folk songs - plenty of room .
The famously tuneful director allows glimmers of real emotion to surface only when people start singing , while the remaining drama falls flat .
Agyness Deyn plays the demands of Chris Guthrie 's coming-of-age arc with touching curiosity and pain .
Davies ' spare , uncluttered frames and decors command the eye , and then we are overcome by the rhapsodies of his inspired setpieces which are , as in all his films , bravura moments where his camera finds its own way into the world .
From British writer-director Terence Davies ' -LRB- `` The Deep Blue Sea '' -RRB- , the movie can at times be cringe-inducing and brutal , yet tender and hopeful in depicting Chris ' struggle to find her way in a time when a woman 's worth was little .
Davies ' vision ultimately offers slow-burning sustenance and a gripping view on the impact of conflicts big and small .
The sumptuous production , skillful adaptation of the 1932 novel and fine acting by all make this a harsh pleasure .
Despite some achingly lovely moments , Sunset Song feels like an echo of Davies ' better work .
Has its moments of grace , but too often resorts to conventions and a tone of high lugubriousness .
In short , the movie feels , if not exactly glamorous , then simultaneously overly processed and overwrought , even when it 's wallowing in the most abased behavior .
... as achingly beautiful as the mournful bagpipes which play us out of its harshly bewitching world .
Terence Davies ' Sunset Song , a personalized tale about young Christine Guthrie -LRB- Agyness Deyn -RRB- growing up in rural Scotland just before World War One , is also a national epic about one 's connection to a culture through language and the land .
Sunset Song is an overly studied tale of female perseverance set in rural Scotland that lacks the dimension of Davies ' previous work .
A commanding lead performance by Agyness Deyn as Chris , a farm woman tested by extraordinary circumstances , overrides most concerns . `` The land endures , '' the narrator says , and so does Chris , vividly .
Davies gives the book 's - and its heroine 's - sense of the agony and the ecstasy of growing up a gloriously personal touch .
To watch ` Sunset Song ' - with its seductive camera moves , its unhurried pace , its ability to see the worst and best in people - is to accept that all life is insignificant and fraught with meaning , usually at the same time .
To judge from Davies 's uneven and melodramatic film , there is very little to lament about the disappearance of premodern Scotland .
Even when working from source material crafted by others , Davies , like all singular filmmakers , imprints it with his DNA .
`` Sunset Song '' ... falls short of the intended cumulative effect , its emotional power undercut by its studied , episodic unfolding .
The film takes a false turn in its final act , but there is a certain melancholy enchantment in Davies ' golden-hued countryside .
Every rustling leaf and rustling cornstalk , every drop of rain pounding on stone , every tear of tissue paper , is lovingly drawn out .
Davies ' quiet , painterly film largely eschews musical cues that would heighten its emotional impact , but as it is , `` Sunset Song '' is captivating in its sincerity .
A remarkable film that skillfully mixes the luminous and the harsh , the beautiful and the horrific parts of the human adventure
The ethereal nature of human relationships -LRB- and humans , period -RRB- gives the entire movie a stoic quality : we do the best with what we have , and try to be thankful to be alive , and take pleasure in moments ...
Stultifying in spots , the period drama Sunset Song marks an unexpected misstep for Terence Davies , the eccentric filmmaker whose movies evoke limbo states of memory and repressed feeling using a very British vocabulary of drab spaces .
Agyness Deyn makes a striking lead as Chris Guthrie , who struggles to escape the shadow of her ferociously religious father and define herself as her own woman , even as she 's drawn toward a young man from the village .
Davies has described Gibbon 's novel as ` a story which deserves to be told . ' Now it is a film that demands to be seen .
It 's no pleasure to report that this Scottish adaptation of a long-beloved novel gets it wrong in so many ways . Strictly recommended to ardent fans of the morose .
Davies 's late output finds him enamored of female protagonists in ages past as they assert their independence from the confinement of social expectations and , well , men .
Terence Davies 's sheer talent for creating sensuous images conveniently masks how little of this feeling actually emerges from the plot these images illustrate .
Everything that happens comes to you with the freshness of discovery and the certainty of knowledge .
A tale of hardship and perseverance , `` Sunset Song '' is both visually lush and classically carved , if occasionally overwrought .
`` Sunset Song '' is lovely , but it holds no illusions about how harsh that life was , how many sparks like Chris ' were snuffed out before their time .
Ravishing scenery forms the background for a stellar performance from Agyness Deyn in a romance ultimately thwarted by the beginning of World War I.
Lambently photographed by Michael McDonough , it succeeds as a paean to the spiritual tug exerted on Chris Guthrie -LRB- Agyness Deyn -RRB- by the landscape of the Mearns in north-east Scotland .
There are stretches when the film is as dull as porridge , but others when it achieves a lyrical intensity .
Deyn gives a vivid performance as the daughter , a quiet but determined survivor in a patriarchal society ; whenever she steps out into the wider world , the movie soars .
Many compositions and gestures beyond just the easy-to-praise 70 mm vistas feel destined to replay forever and ever in the mind .
`` Sunset Song '' is a grand-scale melodrama compressed into the quietly burning point of a single soul .
The film pointedly contrasts the splendor of the Scottish landscape with the punishingly austere lives of the farmers who toil in the fields .
I love nature but halfway through Sunset Song I began to suffer from field fatigue . Cinematographer Michael McDonough shoots the soil and its various fruits with reverence - too much reverence .
As the title might suggest , it 's shot through with a melancholy lyricism and evanescent twilight splendour .
It 's as if a lesser film-maker had imported influences from Davies to enhance a faltering project .
Davies 's long-delayed passion project finally reaches our screens . It has been worth the wait .
Director Terence Davies plots the story a bit too much , like a soap opera .
It 's hard not to be swept along by the sheer painterly beauty and emotional intensity of Davies 's achievement , conveyed in the visual grandeur of Michael McDonough 's remarkable cinematography .
All of this is superbly acted by Deyn , Mullan and Guthrie , and it is beautifully crafted by writer/director Terence Davies .
At its best , the new film is the equal of its predecessor . -LSB- Distant Voice , Still Lives -RSB- The first half in particular has extraordinary visual grace .
Sunset Song falls short of outright masterliness , but Davies 's lyricism , achieved on a tiny budget , is unlike the work of any other British director and worth celebrating .
Muted is all very well until it becomes inaudible .
It could have been calamitous , this bizarro-Brechtian approach to a rural epic couched and conceived in the near-vernacular . Yet it 's magical .
Deyn is a revelation in a difficult but rewarding take on Scottish rural life . The most English of directors has done a Scottish classic proud .
It is a sad , sombre , deeply satisfying drama .
Sunset Song is a reminder of what British cinema can be and do , when not enthralled to trends or traditions .
Agyness Deyn 's performance is one for the ages .
Stays true to Davies 's lushly pained , deliberate style and builds into a sweeping chronicle of land and emotion that could fairly be called a Scottish answer to Gone with the Wind .
Devastating and beautiful ...
We 're left with little to do but admire the scenery .
The film gives us a portrait of rural austerity , but even in Davies 's limited palette of grey and brown , there is a near-infinite spectrum of hues in dusky interiors and in the surrounding hills .
Visually stunning and emotionally engrossing .
Tragedy , by nature , may be inevitable , but when the hand of fate is this heavy , there 's simply too much gloom to go with the doom .
Deyn , in the best role of her burgeoning career , has the right mix of tenderness and tenacity to make Chris feel real in a world that often does n't .
If this adaptation of Lewis Grassic Gibbon 's 1932 classic of Scottish literature does n't always escape a feeling of aesthetic and dramatic conventionality , the film is nevertheless so visually resplendent , beautifully acted , and deeply felt .
Davies 's film displays his usual lyrical sense of place in the rain-lashed rural landscape near Aberdeen , and brings a tranquil , almost Vermeer-like quality to the plain interiors of the farmhouse .
While the craft remains faultless , the effect becomes like walking through a beautiful gallery , with each painting looking lovely but with little connection to the one before or after .
Yes , it 's slow and deliberate , but allow its carefully calibrated beauty to work on you and you 'll be rewarded .
Choosing its metaphors with great care , wistfully contemplating the nature of man 's worth to his country , and elegantly juxtaposing the spirit of a singular woman with her country , `` Sunset Song '' is a remarkable experience .
A lusty ballad of love and heartbreak sung with passion and power .
Sunset Song is the kind of film that makes hours in a multiplex theatre feel like curling up fireside with a good book .
It ... feels broken and cumbersome , weighed down by a number of decisions that simply do n't work . It strains to sing to us and frequently sounds hoarse .
A rich drama about the pleasures and strains of labour , the realities of adulthood in a harsh climate and the indomitability of the Scottish spirit .
Sunset Song is much more conventionally A-to-B , though it 's a strangely freeing framework within which Davies achieves some gorgeously subtle effects .
A wistful remembrance of the joys and sorrows , triumphs and tragedies that mark a human life . You suspect it is a film with the force to linger and grow in the memory .

@highlight

Achingly lovely on both visual and narrative grounds , Sunset Song adds another small gem to writer-director Terence Davies ' filmography .