-LSB- An -RSB- intensely raw , empathetic non-fiction portrait .
Sometimes ghosts do n't have to come from the grave to haunt someone ...
Eventually you wonder whether the capacity to accept and forgive is a virtue or part of what 's holding the Moshers down .
The beauty of October Country , beside its artful images , is how it compresses the windblown fortunes of working-class America into the fallen leaves of one forlorn family .
If you give October Country enough of a shot , it becomes crystal clear that filmmakers Michael Palmieri and Donal Mosher care about their subjects .
You can probably extract a sociological or political message from the film , but I do n't think that was the intention . This lack of an agenda seems to add to the movie 's intensity .
Too often , the camera is angling to be the star .
Mohawk Valley is a beautiful place , but , just like the Mosher family , it 's been blighted by modern times . Here is a place where people gather to watch fireworks . At Walmart .
A powerful portrait of the American working poor and the dynamics that govern all families , regardless of economic class .
It 's a remarkable , unsentimental portrait that refuses to condescend or lecture to either its subjects or its audience .
Unlike similar yet superior films like Capturing the Friedmans , October Country has no mysteries to probe or revelations to share .
There 's a feeling of real intimacy and compassion and there 's also just heartbreakingly sad stuff .
How voyeuristic is too voyeuristic ?
A devastating documentary portrait of its filmmaker Donal Mosher 's family living in the culture vacuum of Mohawk Valley , New York , `` October Country '' is an essential social document of American reality .
Documentary focuses on the despair of one extended family , but might as well represent an uncompromising , microcosmic study of American poverty .
The film has a haunted , autumnal motif
An enlightening , well-edited , haunting , thoroughly compelling and unflinchingly honest documentary that 's essential viewing for every family , whether dysfunctional or not .
Ultimately , it 's the Mosher clan 's resilience and lack of self-pity that keeps October Country from coming across as a case of pure exploitation .
A candid and troubling documentary about a working-class family in upstate New York whose lives have been deeply altered by violence .
Rare opportunity to hear frankly from a real family recovering from bad choices who have tough decisions to face in a beautiful , chronically economically depressed region .
The Moshers ' social environment -- the Remington firearms factory that is the bedrock of the local economy ; the limited local options for restless young people ; the comfort and tease of consumerism and popular culture -- is evoked rather than explained .
October Country veers awfully close to exploitation .
October Country is an intimate true life family drama that quietly delivers the psychological impact of a classic Gothic tale . It grabs you at the beginning , wo n't let go until the end , and leaves you with haunting images .
Intimate yet larger-than-life , this masterpiece of the everyday shows you do n't need James Cameron 's toy box to make images pop from the screen , much less to see and embrace the world anew .
If the film does n't get anywhere narratively , that 's just form following content : The Moshers themselves do n't go anywhere , either .
There 's a distinctively , and hauntingly , dehumanizing quality about the graphic approach of October Country .
A chamber piece , a psychological horror film , about `` young mothers , bad choices . ''



@highlight

It flirts with voyeurism , but this deeply personal look at a working-class family in upstate New York is piercingly honest and refreshingly unsentimental .