What makes Snowpiercer a great film in my estimation is the disturbing weirdness that bleeds throughout .
If you like your action movies beautiful , insane and a little haunting , then Snowpiercer is definitely one of the year 's most essential films .
There 's so much to love in Snowpiercer ...
Violence always involves moral questions , and the decision whether to take up armed struggle lies at the heart of revolutionary movements , but the film does not take these concerns at all seriously .
The film is adapted from a three-volume French graphic novel , Le Transperceneige , originally published in the 1980s . Set in the aftermath of global environmental collapse , the comic is the perfect vehicle for filmmaker Bong -LSB- Joon-Ho -RSB- .
Snowpiercer is filled to the brim with plot , characters , and action .
It is so rare that something lives up to expectations that it can feel like a goddamn miracle . Ladies and gentleman , I give you Bong Joon-ho 's Snowpiercer .
Snowpiercer is a fantastic dumb movie for smart people .
One could question the movie 's simplistic approach or its coolly spasmodic violence . Does it add up to anything we do n't already know ? Of course not . But in this case , it 's absolutely the journey that matters , not the destination .
A madcap addition to the comic-book-derived movies that have dominated cinematic summer fare .
Snowpiercer is a great entry into the sci-fi canon and one of the best films released in 2014 .
That rare experience you do n't get to have much in the summer anymore , a loud , clanging , original action flick that 's grabbing you by the lapels and yelling in your ears .
Every once in a while I see a movie that leaves me vibrating with energy as I leave the theater , knowing that what I just saw will stick with me probably for the rest of my life ... Snowpiercer is one of those .
The film 's something of a mess , trading swerve and style for cohesion and coherence . No matter : Nothing else at the multiplex right now is half as entertaining .
Snowpiercer is so didactic it will give intellectually sophisticated viewers a headache .
This is a story of class war , manifest literally and symbolically at the same time . But as he did in The Host , Bong slips his social commentary under the genre playbook .
South Korean filmmaker Joon-ho Bong 's latest is a welcome reminder of -LSB- sci-fi 's -RSB- fertile - if often untilled - creative ground .
Bong 's latest is his most visceral and action-oriented film to date , tapping into the generous fantasy of its stylized source material .
Stylishly crafted while still paying attention to character development and moving the narrative forward , Snowpiercer is as good an action movie as it is an allegory about class , power structures and power run amok .
... a high-speed metaphor speeding down the science fiction tracks of genre cinema .
With Snowpiercer , Joon-ho demonstrates just how to make a boldly inventive modern sci-fi film without giving a damn as to what Hollywood thinks a blockbuster film should be .
A movie that sets ground between an action movie and a reflective film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Keeps all the elements of social commentary in sci-fi , but it also adds some great action sequences that could only come from the mind of its visionary director , Bong Joon-ho . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This might be the best sci-fi film of the year . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Proof that you can make awesome sci-fi and at the same time stimulate the brains of your audience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie itself takes a lot from the action genre and moves along like the train is sets in , restlessly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very smart film with many layers of reading , it 's deep and entertaining at the same time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A smart film that keeps the suspense high at all times and works on different levels . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaning and thrilling film that has more substance than most recent blockbusters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An instant classic that you ca n't miss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A high adrenaline dose that will make the public reflect on social and moral issues while also being amazed by and exceptional cast and fast action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Manages to capture the sci-fi spirit of humanity loosing the battle against itself , not by war , just by human nature . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Snowpiercer '' is an excellent movie that 's totally worth paying to see . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unsettling and cruel vision of a terrifying near future . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a new Sci-fi classic with universal appeal and endless possibilities for analysis that will have people talking for years to come . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Bong 's Snowpiercer rebels against the norms of summer blockbusters -- overthrowing them all .
Emprega seu preciosismo técnico para construir uma alegoria cortante sobre a luta de classes .
It is a thing of pure cinematic beauty , the movie you want in your deck when arguing for the artistic potential of action films .
It 's brawny , ballsy and cheerfully subversive . Howard Zinn meets The Road Warrior .
The political allegory would be ham-handed indeed if it were being served up in a more serious context , but the film 's zany pulp approach means Bong can get away with the baldness of the metaphor . Who needs plausibility anyway ?
Overall , this is a solid , distinctive and sometimes exquisitely inspired thriller-and-beyond .
It 's a wicked , violent parable , and one of the only movies of the summer worth talking about after the credits roll .
It 's literally a hell of a ride -- Brazil meets Murder on the Orient Express .
A cool summer movie full of action , suspense , moral ambiguities , cryptic clues and villains who just wo n't die .
I enjoyed every bonkers , goofy , cartoonish , creative moment of Snowpiercer .
It 's the most inventive science-fiction picture in years , the most original action film in a decade and perhaps the most all-around entertaining movie so far this year .
There 's no easy way to pigeonhole this English-language movie from Korean writer-director Joon-ho Bong , except to say that it 's a true original .
Snowpiercer is a compelling , unsettling thrill ride that 's well worth the wait .
`` Snowpiercer '' warms the heart , but does n't penetrate it .
In just one scene of Snowpiercer , -LSB- Chris Evans -RSB- gets to act more than in all his Captain America films combined .
Fueled by implausibility , and for a good portion of the ride much better for it , Bong-Joon Ho 's Snowpiercer posits a nonstop , Earth-encircling train containing the microcosmic survivors of a society killed off by a global warming-induced deep freeze .
The setup may be high-concept times a thousand , but the obviousness of the symbolism is so inextricably interwoven with the forward momentum of the plot and so well complemented by Joon-ho 's comic-book style and sick humor , you ca n't help but buy in .
Bong Joon-ho 's movie is a gripping , thrilling , utterly credible adventure .
Snowpiercer 's ultimate victory is how palatable it makes its unbelievably weird material .
Snowpiercer is an engaging experience and is not only the most assured and interesting film of the recent Korean new-wavers ' Hollywood output , but it 's also a riveting action blockbuster in itself , the best of the American summer thus far .
In a world full of Divergents and Hunger Games and 2012s , Snowpiercer not only has the confidence to ask difficult questions -- it also has the courage make the viewer answer them for his or herself .
This is a dark , but deeply beautiful movie , punctuated by edge-of-your-seat thrills and unexpected laughs .
Once Mr. Bong sets his monorail in motion the movie assumes an irresistible momentum , accelerated by nonstop mayhem , gallows humor and an immersive visual style that possesses a heady sense of the steam-punk Apocalypse .
This is powerful stuff , and all the more so for its straightforwardness .
This dystopian fantasy is unpleasant enough and inhuman enough that I never want to see it again , but it is interesting visually . The acting is also very good . Octavia Spencer -LRB- `` The Help '' -RRB- gives a knockout performance as a desperate mother .
A wild , weird dystopian journey that demands to be seen
A refreshingly smart thriller , its geopolitical savvy mingled with a wholly unique look , Snowpiercer is quite the dystopian choo-choo .
... a bloody , limb-severing action film with a bitterly malevolent view of the species .
There 's a righteous savagery to this movie that 's almost but not quite obscured by the lushness of its imagined world .
Snowpiercer is bonkers in the absolute best way possible .
Given to snarling fits of action , poetic ponderings , and idiosyncratic rumblings . No action-thriller but a dystopian , steampunky class parable for a world careening towards eco-disaster ... and so the film goes , jarring or lulling or gloriously gonzo .
As it circumnavigates the frozen globe of the climatic post-apocalypse , ` Snowpiercer ' sometimes seems loaded with more allegorical freight than even a futuristic bullet train can carry . Yet it remains one of the year 's more impressive films .
Snowpiercer wears its inspirations on its sleeve , but the cumulative effect of it all results in something truly unique . It may not be The Host , but it is something I 've never seen before , and that is a treat in itself .
An environmental , post-apocalyptic , revolutionary-uprising sci-fi action movie on a train . Sub-genres do n't come much more specific than Snowpiercer .
It is the most frigid movie to come along since Dr. Zhivago .
Best enjoyed as a thriller on steel wheels with a salutary moral , Snowpiercer is cinematic and compelling , despite its flaws , which emerge on too close a scrutiny of the screenplay , which tried hard to be original , but is caught up in its own story cogs
The bold cinematic style of Boon Joon-ho strikes gold in this striking and powerful drama in which control and the order of things are key
A mastery of form and commentary .
a taut social allegory about class and power cleverly packaged as an exhilarating action thriller
Although it is based on the French graphic novel Le Transperceneige ... Snowpiercer is the best video game movie ever made .
This is Snowpiercer , one of the most uniquely fascinating , exciting , and disturbing science fiction films to come along in a good while .
It 's very much part of a cinematic tradition : heir to the hermetically enclosed , purpose-built steampunk dystopias devised by Terry Gilliam and Guillermo del Toro and Caro & Jeunet .
Loftily pretentious , though curiously amusing arthouse action movie .
It is far from flawless -- there are too many longeurs and lapses of logic that impeded its progress along the way -- but it is alive with ideas and imagination which see it across the occasional piece of imperfect track .
The world has ended in film after film in recent years , but rarely has the aftermath been such impressive viewing .
Often inspired , sometimes lethargic adaption of a French graphic novel , funded mainly by the Korean government and starring a panoply of British thespians and -LSB- Captain America himself -RSB- . An awesome 90 minute movie lurks within these very bloated 126 .
With a sharp international ensemble cast and a visually ambitious scope , the result is both exhilarating and exhausting .
Snowpiercer alternates between sudden violence , high camp , and heavy-handed political allegory with breakneck speed , and even when its disjoined plot mechanics seem a little too convenient , it 's brimming with new cinematic technique .
At the dramatic center of SNOWPIERCER is this metaphorical concept of balance . We 're taken on a journey to the front of a futuristic train , learning about an ecosystem that travels roughly over icy tracks . It 's a ride worth taking .
The undisputed star of the show ... is Korean director Boon Jong-Ho . Rarely does a vision so ambitious and raw hit the screen with such clarity and force .
No question I would recommend it and people have got to see it on the big screen .
This is a beautifully made science fiction allegory about the perversions and arrogance of power .
It 's so hard to describe how amazing Snowpiercer is without giving away everything that makes it amazing .
A thought provoking science fiction masterpiece ...
A confronting think piece wrapped in a bizarre and bloody thrill ride .
The absolutely watchable vibe comes to an almost dead stop as the movie enters its anti-climactic third act ...
One of the biggest problems is the train setting . We 're supposed to be in constant motion , but half the shots are entirely still .
It 's stylish and smart -- a big , honking metaphor , yes , but an effective one and a relevant one .
You could n't ask for a better metaphor for hell on Earth than what Bong Joon-ho has wrought with Snowpiercer : constant forward momentum while getting absolutely nowhere , suffering all the while .
Snowpiercer features uneven performances , but gets great mileage from its set design , the sheer audacity of the premise , and the appearance of one of those movie villains who seem able to take lethal punishment without actually dying .
Snowpiercer feels both heightened and grounded , allegorical yet familiar , able to be experienced . The confined space in no way inhibits tension or excitement , or a sense of forward momentum . It 's a film not to be missed .
Suddenly zombies , nukes or a global pandemic do n't seem nearly as devastating as a train ride to nowhere .
A movie-movie , with edgy cred and a vivid dystopian vision that , while ostensibly futuristic , speaks harshly to the class divide already defining us .
Every moment of genius and every half-formed lump alike make this one of the completely essential films of the year .
Merits near-hyperbolic praise .
Violent , often absurd , but full of brilliant surprises .
It emerges from a place of fearsome ambition , dressed in the skin of a zealous summer blockbuster but equipped with a brain that far exceeds the standards of its classification .
Snowpiercer hits the sweet spot of working as entertainment while still having enough brains to keep you intellectually engaged . It 's a movie for people who love movies that play by their own rules .
The provocative film is one big metaphor for the chaos in present-day society , divided along class-lines .
A film full of both wonders and horrors , rendered beautifully and hugely .
Few of the screenplay 's class-struggle elements are new , and they are driven home in some scenes with a very heavy hand . However , the cast , visual conceptualization , production design and art direction are so strong that these criticisms are fairly minor .
... the film becomes a horrifying , social commentary that bites close to the bone .
Hauntingly grim , full of appalling ironies and awful truths . This is most definitely not the feel-good movie of the summer .
In a word , ` Wow ! ' Bong Joon-ho 's Snowpiercer , is near the very top of 2014 ′ s `` Best of '' list -- at least so far , and I ca n't imagine it slipping out of the top five .
Snowpiercer is a rare movie that respects the audience 's intelligence , subtly mining Titanic -LRB- in a good way -RRB- , The Wizard of Oz , and Runaway Train for tropes .
The element of surprise is the most effective weapon in Joon-ho 's directorial arsenal .
One of the few surprises of the Summer and one that deserves a much wider audience .
Utterly surreal and completely mental .
The future is miserably dystopian as usual in this apocalyptic sci-fi thriller , but at least it 's thoughtful , stylishly crafted , high-speed misery that keeps on hurtling relentlessly forward -- even though there 's nowhere to go .
Within the space of a 60-foot-by-9-foot train car , `` Snowpiercer '' packs in more action , inventiveness , energy and ideas than most summer blockbusters that have whole galaxies at their disposal .
... has about it a gorgeous incoherency that overwhelms any logical objections to its absurd premise .
It pummels forward like the train on which the action is set , and you do n't particularly want to reach the end .
An object of blunt force and breath-catching beauty , Snowpiercer plays what-if with a familiar doomsday scenario : What if Noah 's ark never found dry land again ?
It 's a downbeat spectacle . But very good , unforgettably bizarre , original filmmaking and adventurously explored ideas can leave you feeling high , especially when you do n't know quite how it 's been pulled off .
It 's a bleak , shocker of a movie , but one laced with just enough black humor to make the harsher parts even bleaker .
As with The Host , the political satire is teased out gradually as the story progresses and never intrudes on one 's enjoyment of the movie 's richly imagined world .
Besides the impressive visuals , the film makes relatively solid use of its impressive cast .
Snowpiercer is Throw Momma and the Kitchen Sink off the train .
If you can buy the premise of this Bong Joon-ho graphic novel adaptation , you 're in for a good ride .
... the kind of taut action sci-fi thriller that it really needs to be seen on a big screen to get the full experience .
You could reduce the narrative elements to Das Boot meets Metropolis , but that 's saying too much and too little . Cinematic intelligence and Bong 's unwavering class-consciousness offer up a fierce fable for our end times .
The Taking of Swinton One Two Three .
Exciting , edge-of-your-seat action thriller - a wild ride that 's one of the best of the year , so far .
It 's a dumb idea on its surface , and as we get deeper and deeper into the concept , at no point does the screenplay ... make us believe it is anything more than that .
`` Snowpiercer '' delivers tension , and surprises in ways that belie the conventional wisdom that blockbuster action movies must be brainless , soulless enterprises .
The political message of Snowpiercer is delivered without much finesse , but Bong succeeds in other ways .
A messy bit of inspired madness . I love a film that 's just shy of feeling like it could 've been a suicide note .
Bong 's top priority is to deliver a meaty , satisfying action adventure , and he succeeds there like the world-class filmmaker he is .
In the thick of summer , while Hollywood is busy cranking out cookie-cutter superhero movies and giant robot sequels , along comes Snowpiercer to show everyone how it 's done .
The concept of Snowpiercer is n't entirely unique as it does feel familiar , but its enthralling presentation surrounds the film with fascinating characters and exquisite performances .
A rococo exercise in mayhem , boldfaced allegory and ramped-up chaos . It 's a summer movie with a social conscience .
Although there is plenty to think about here , it 's best not to overthink it . Just hang on and enjoy the ride .
`` Snowpiercer '' is a rich , ravishing experience , a motion picture dripping in social consciousness and thematic intricacy without becoming preachy or losing sight of its other purpose as a rousing , robust entertainment .
`` Snowpiercer '' is a welcome curiosity in a season of formula-driven , copycat genre films .
The dystopian world he envisions is incredibly immersive and extremely thrilling ... but maybe some of those edits should have been kept in .
Most excellent action movie , social commentary and survival saga -LRB- among other things -RRB- .
Rich in theme and artistry , Snowpiercer is spellbinding , offering those hungry for big screen anarchy a story that actually provides stakes , causalities , and a paralyzing sting of remorse .
For just about everything maniacally cool in the movie , there 's a flaw , sometimes a near-fatal one .
A formidable , if perversely overlong epic , Snowpiercer is a dystopian moral parable about survivors of a second ice age that wipes out virtually all humanity .
This is brilliant , bizarre , fearless filmmaking .
The production design is sharp and unique , though the movie itself is not without its flaws .
The movie never stops moving , and its conclusion is one of the most bittersweet-yet still somehow victorious-endings of any big-budget action movie I can remember .
In different hands , Snowpiercer might have been just another generic action movie . Yet with South Korean director Bong Joon-ho at the helm , it 's instead something more off-kilter and more disturbingly satisfying .
Subtlety may not be the film 's strong suit , but it creates a richly imagined world , as glitteringly arresting as it is savagely merciless .
`` Snowpiercer '' is a full-throttle science fiction adventure and a resonant modern myth .
It may not be the brightest movie around , but it 's almost insanely watchable ... deliciously different from run-of-the-mill doomsday pictures .
Impressive and pretty amazing . This is how you make a film .
Thrilling , visceral sci-fi action pic with a sharp satiric bite
But with a game supporting cast including Ewan Bremner and Octavia Spencer , well-paced direction , superb cinematography , plus a gripping adventure story to boot , Snowpiercer rolls along at super speed , making any complaining seem like nitpicking .
Snowpiercer is one of those rare modern action movies that keeps the audience guessing ... it 's packed with fascinating ideas and presents a fully fleshed-out universe .
An incendiary agitprop scifi masterpiece .
a masterpiece of action adventure science fiction fueled by a terrific international cast...Joon-ho has more on his mind than startling imagery and violence and his climax is both breathtaking and an emotional gut punch .
The best action film of 2014 , and probably the best film , period .
A unique vision , strong execution -LRB- in action , wit , and humor -RRB- as well as compelling characters culminate in one of the year 's best dark horse hits .
Something truly special , a unique and bracing science-fiction film that stirs both heart and mind .
-LSB- It -RSB- seems to have been sent back to us from some distant alternate future where grandiose summer action movies can also be lovingly crafted , thematically ambitious works of art .
An unprecedented combination of stunning combat , stylistic eccentricities and dramatic poignancy that is so rich and enthralling , there 's no way one viewing will ever be enough .
SNOWPIERCER is a big film with a large cast , but Bong brilliantly juggles fights , characters , and ideas -- including a savvy use of food -- and fits it all succinctly within his amazing visual design and scope .
From a dramatic standpoint , the film is equally effective in the way that it includes the expected pulpy thrills and weirdo humor but also some unexpectedly affecting dramatic moments .
Now , at last , comes a fun dystopian sci-fi epic - a splattery shambles with a fat dose of social satire and barely a lick of sense .
The movie is baldly schematic , and largely grim and grubby . It wears you down .
Easily one of the best science fiction films of the year .
For the longest time `` Snowpiercer '' rushes forward , like the bullet train itself - sleek and swift and unstoppable . And it takes us along for the ride .
Snowpiercer is a rare hybrid that perfectly blends the dazzle of a futuristic action thriller with the intellectual substance of an art film .
This eccentric journey has everything more ambitious entertainment seekers crave ...
Snowpiercer balances class metaphor , a nice hunk of comic book strangeness and often-ingeniously choreographed action in equal measure .
In `` Snowpiercer , '' Bong 's first English-language film , nothing gets lost in translation .
Planetary destruction and human extinction happen a half-dozen times every summer . It 's rarely this refreshing , though .
The train , and the picture , barrel along to an apocalyptic climax that will leave you shaken and chilled .
This is a terrific , dark dystopian nightmare mixed with flashes of Terry Gilliam-esque absurdity and the filmmaker 's own fractured frame of reference .
This is exactly the sort of ambitious , audacious , and uncompromising filmmaking that deserves to be seen .
combines the social satire of Bong Joon-ho 's creature feature The Host with the grim realism of his Memories of Murder in ways that are as bold as they are entertaining
Snowpiercer is everything Transformers : Age of Extinction wishes it could be : a slambam sci-fi thriller with a brain , a heart and an artful sense of purpose .
Snowpiercer sucks you into its strange , brave new world so completely , it leaves you with the all-too-rare sensation that you 've just witnessed something you 've never seen before ... and need to see again .
-LSB- Bong Joon-ho -RSB- lays out class sideways , one section at a time , so that by the time you get to the people lounging in Jacuzzis or clubbing , it 's impossible to avoid outrage .
It 's a film that , in its own peculiar way , forces viewers to question their values and ask themselves how much they 're willing to sacrifice for a functioning society , and how much is too much .
A genuinely spectacular project that has the imaginative and philosophical dimensions that most blockbusters would never dream of venturing into .
By the time `` Snowpiercer '' closes we 've been guided through an exhilarating , videogame-fighting infographic of the post-globalization world ecosystem : climate change , child labor and population control . And it 's fun , too !
One of the best SF actioners we 've seen in a very long time !
Like a train , Snowpiercer picks up steam as it goes , and its last half is commercial cinema at its best : thrilling , visually striking , and endlessly thought-provoking .
Though shocking violence and black humor run through the length of the movie , what comes through most strongly is its pessimistic political conscience ; were the movie less earnest , it might seem Verhoeven-esque .
The nihilism would be cooler if it felt like more was at stake . But if you settle in , it 's one wild ride .
Do n't miss it - this is enormously fun visionary filmmaking , with a witty script and a great international cast .
I 'm not sure where the line is between a good gonzo movie and a creative mess , but I know that Snowpiercer is on the right side of it .
A dystopian masterwork illustrating the moral rot of dividing the population into a winning class versus everybody else as poor scum of the earth .
Significantly dark , this sci-fi film is also lyrical , funny , and occasionally self-indulgent . It 's a bumpy ride , but one well worth taking .
If you love movies , you ca n't afford to miss it .
The most bracing and liberating thing about Joon-ho Bong 's Snowpiercer is not just its lyrical forward motion , but the exuberance with which the film revels in its plot predicament .
Sprung from a 1982 French graphic novel and bearing its era 's trickle-down tensions , Snowpiercer is a headlong rush into conceptual lunacy-but you 'll love it anyway .
This is the kind of science-fiction film that I wish they made more of , something big and bold and unafraid to reach for greatness .
Even as dystopian dramas go , the picture is arid and lusterless in its more serious moments and unpleasantly kitschy when it tries to soar over the top .
Excessive in an interesting way for much longer than you think it could be . Unfortunately , that 's not long enough .
Projecting the problems of today into a science-fiction tomorrow , -LSB- Snowpiercer -RSB- also ties them to a compelling story that keeps shifting under its characters ' feet .
Bong brings enough straight action to the mix that even those put off by the more bizarre characters should ultimately dig what he 's done with the material .
Snowpiercer is a strange and colourful beast : messy , uneven and full of weird indulgences and dangling plot threads . But by God it 's good fun .
In its focus both on the looming disaster of climate change and the swelling economic disparity between the rich and everyone else , it 's both timely and relevant , while keeping the entertainment quotient high .
Against all odds , though not totally unexpected given the director 's previous skill with the erratic , the end result is quite spectacular .
An entertainingly off-kilter slice of pulpy mainstream filmmaking , executed with humour , verve and vision .
Elaborately produced sci-fi that takes place almost completely within the last train out of anywhere .
The film preaches resolutely to the choir , and cinephiles in sync with the film 's politics may still blanch at how snugly their interests are courted .
Echoing the dystopian brilliance of Blade Runner and Brazil and beset by remarkably similar studio wrangling over the final cut , Snowpiercer is an audacious , immersive and nightmarish masterpiece .
Snowpiercer works brilliantly , the sum of extremely disparate parts that adds up to cinematic excellence .
Roaring action , thoughtful geekery , and a knockout performance by Chris Evans send Snowpiercer speeding out of the station and into the sci-fi history books .
If the film has one element that never flags or falters , it 's Evans .
Snowpiercer is leaden and confused , an all-star disaster of a movie , of interest only to connoisseurs of expensively botched sci-fi money-pits .
Maybe some restraint would have improved Snowpiercer in the traditional sense , but I would n't want to live in that world .
Once the action heats up , Bong delivers a rich feast of political allegory and bloodthirsty carnage . Snowpiecer is no masterpiece , but an agreeably unorthodox , impressively arty blockbuster .
Snowpiercer is still an intellectually and artistically superior vehicle to many of the end-of-days futuristic action thrillers out there .
The world building , the provocative concept and the thrilling adventure are everything I want in a movie .
Unapologetically long and messy , Snowpiercer offers an unhinged ride that 's worth the investment for its mixture of batty personalities , consistently impressive visuals and mad swipes at heavy symbolism jam-packed together .
The cast is excellent , amplifying their mostly simple roles with their talents and presence .
While the highly stylized set pieces are certainly eye catching , they start to feel disjointed and nonsensical .
A crazy , blood - and action-soaked piece of bravura filmmaking .
A nightmare inducing , violent collection of left wing fears enhanced and packaged into a madcap post-apocalyptic movie unlike any other of its kind .
... a fairy tale of sorts with darker motives , more violence than the Grimms would envision , and some nasty things to say about libertarianism versus control .
A fantastic achievement : a novel , passionate , and energized sci-fi with wild action and strange humor .
Snowpiercer is an ambitious and stylishly designed slice of dystopian sci-fi , yet it is also incomplete , filled with shallow characters and unexplored ideas .
Chris Evans takes charge on this truth as strange as science fiction express to nowhere , as a deprived but dashing commuter warrior on wheels . While facing off against a terror tycoon 's lookalike dead ringers for the menacing hooded neo-nazis of Kiev .
Though completely absurd in many ways , Bong 's handling of the source material is so expertly done that we 're completely immersed in this tale , allowing for ourselves to be taken wherever the South Korean director sees fit .
... a visionary , thrilling work ... a crystallization of Bong 's status as one of our most exciting filmmakers , and to alter it would be something close to vandalism .
An enthralling ride that never runs out of momentum as it cleverly examines the issue of social class in a thoroughly engaging , yet complex manner .
An enormously ambitious , visually stunning and richly satisfying futuristic epic from the gifted Korean genre director Bong Joon-ho .

@highlight

Snowpiercer offers an audaciously ambitious action spectacular for filmgoers numb to effects-driven blockbusters .