A most interesting film that , despite accumulating too many dramatic elements , maintains at all times a subtle tone ... It deserves a chance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Jason -RSB- Hall had the opportunity to make an uncomfortable film , but opted to take the comfortable path of redemption . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The internalized and wonderful work of -LSB- Miles Teller -RSB- works . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Thank you For Your Service '' observes , tactfully , the wounds that battle leaves on the human soul . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... it lacks depth and does not manage to move . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... sentimental but effective ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Hall , who also wrote the script , takes his time setting up characters and situations , allowing his actors room to create meaningful relationships that earn dramatic payoffs .
You get the irony from the title , but it 's also sincere in its wishes for these young soldiers .
It may not be the best movie ever about these collateral costs of war , but it 's a good starting point .
Summing up , Thank You For Your Service is a fine debut for Jason Hall . Let 's hope he continues his fine form in future endeavours as well ...
Cuts close to the bone , and never stoops to waving a flag for cheap sentiment .
A well-intentioned misfire ...
Thank You for Your Service is an earnest and a solid - if perhaps a little familiar - war-drama which , despite a few storytelling hiccups , still manages to deliver its story with punch .
... would be more persuasive with a subtler touch , which could retain its raw authenticity while deepening the valuable underlying message .
Hall takes a similarly lackadaisical approach to the facts in Thank You for Your Service , inventing characters and scenes as he tries to create a story arc moviegoers will recognize .
Reveals the Truth
It 's a grim , thought-provoking tribute to returning veterans .
These anguished performances go a long way , as does the film 's peripheral vision of a banal , depressed America that threatens to forget its warriors .
The sober , nuanced , and deeply affecting Thank You For Your Service covers old ground with a fresh take and finds something new to say about it at the same time .
Hall certainly seems to grasp the mindset of the modern warrior , sensitively showing the way that steely exteriors can conceal deep rivers of pain and regret .
Teller finds the strength of his characters by slowing things down and staring straight into the dangerous void .
There 's an important story to be told here , but this dramatic adaptation of the book by David Finkel may not have been the best way to tell it .
The movie 's sole distinction is the light it shines on the moral hypocrisy of a military that claims to leave no soldier behind yet does the minimum to make its returning soldiers whole again .
Carefully observed , it 's just too emotionally flat and over-familiar to come off .
A sobering account of our wounded warriors ' tragic misfortunes .
Thank You offers a window into lives that most Americans never see , providing an almost visceral sense for what it was like to fight in Iraq and then come home to your afterwar .
You ca n't deny the movie serves its purpose by shedding light on forgotten heroes who love a country that shamefully does n't always love them back .
The film also presents a group of courageously supportive women -LRB- who -RRB- provide some powerful moments in this rather persuasive telling .
Despite passionate performances from a Miles Teller-led cast , this well-intentioned drama about Iraq War vets who go begging for treatment for PTSD is crucially lacking in the outrage that should be its core value .
If you want something with some substance , heft , and some really solid acting , this is worth seeing . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Based on a 2013 book by David Finkel , Thank You For Your Service stands as an illustrative example of the kind of fighting that begins once soldiers return home from war : Too often , the battle they wind up waging is with themselves .
Despite its good intentions , the film is little more than the bumper sticker is seeks to critique .
And while the film is successful in capturing the hopelessness and bureaucracy many soldiers encounter upon their return home , it 's also strangely anonymous and forgettable like so many similar movies on the subject .
At times , Thank You for Your Service feels very bleak , and it points a harsh finger at the systems it sees as failing our veterans . But Hall 's film also leaves a thread of hope that should leave audiences thoughtful and help veterans feel heard .
There 's not really anything here you do n't already know . Nevertheless , the film is dramatically compelling , with excellent performances .
A well-intentioned , but merely decent movie .
The film remains watchable because there 's real drama and camaraderie behind its message .
The reward for an audience willing to spend 108 minutes on an honest testament to that reality is a mournful Bruce Springsteen ballad -LRB- `` Freedom Cadence '' -RRB- over the closing credits .
The film shifts between a number of subplots and perspective , some of which are more effectively rendered than others-but when the film lands , it lands like a sledgehammer .
Thank You for Your Service is an important call to arms on behalf of our men and women in military service . They deserve better . Much better .
If Teller 's performance is outstanding , than Koale 's is electrifying , as he virtually vanishes into his role and perfectly embodies the traits of a damaged soldier grappling with the challenges adjusting to civilian life carrying for his pregnant spouse .
Violence , language , intense themes in powerful PTSD drama .
It means well , but often only scratches the surface for a population of isolated and desperate Americans seeking help .
Rarely , does a film capture a moment in time as well as Jason Hall 's `` Thank You For Your Service . ''
An unremarkable study of PTSD and numerous domestic disturbance issues .
really deserves an audience , its following of the four men we see ambushed in its opening scene offering fresh insights into the behaviors and obstacles facing battle scarred soldiers ... a welcome reminder of this young actor 's -LSB- Miles Teller -RSB- talent .
There 's something meek at Thank You for Your Service 's core .
`` Thank You for Your Service '' tells an important story but is pedestrian in its telling . Vets deserve a better thank you .
So decent , respectful , sincere , and , most of all , so vitally needed that it is difficult to evaluate it as a movie .
Keep moving , folks ; there 's nothing here you have n't seen done better a hundred times before .
Thank You for Your Service is a potent , timely reminder that PTSD is n't just an abbreviation . The movie gives viewers a glimpse of the shell shock many servicemembers face and a reminder of our obligation to help them .
... realistically details battles of heroic U.S. servicemen with PTSD and the strains put on wives who try to cope . Eye-opening , it 's very well-directed and written with exceptional acting by a fine cast .
-LSB- A -RSB- sympathetic but tough look at how men who are willing to fight for their country are welcomed home by unfulfilled promises .
Thank You For Your Service is a wholeheartedly commendable endeavor . Not just because of its weighty subject matter , which sees it examine PTSD and the lack of options provided to veterans .
Hall 's direction and script are efficient and to the point . The actors all acquit themselves well , but always with a grim sense of reality that the film seeks to really drive home .
Thank You for Your Service is moving and unflinchingly honest - and its release comes at a time when its central theme feels depressingly relevant .
Thank You for Your Service is n't a great piece of filmmaking , but good intentions and sincere performances make it a solid drama about life after war .
Miles Teller leads a superb cast in this gripping and powerful true story of Iraq veterans heading home and fighting the war within themselves .
takes a tricky subject and sheds a very human , very humane light on it .
Writer-director Jason Hall does not overtly savage the Veterans Administration , but he does spotlight the bureaucracy and red tape that delays much-needed help and care - physical , emotional and mental - for our returning veterans .
-LSB- Miles -RSB- Teller , always so watchable , gives a thoughtful , solid performance as Adam ...
Despite its storytelling inconsistencies , the film reveals a harrowing veteran experience when it focuses simply on the men themselves .
`` Thank You For Your Service '' is more effective , more disturbing than you may expect , and that is very much a good thing .
Teller is fine in the part , though his movie-star cocky charm undermines the character 's supposed vulnerability . Or perhaps the problem is simply that he is out-acted by Haley Bennett
Thank You For Service is ... successful at capturing the Iraq War 's effects on American lives .
A quiet , intimate drama that 's less concerned with violent outbursts and emotional catharsis than with private thoughts and humbling moments .
`` Service '' is flawed only because the demands of narrative cinema require an ending , while recovery , at least in the real world , is a lifelong process .
Hall ... delivers an understated drama that makes its points without preachiness . If the film does n't quite achieve greatness , it 's nonetheless heartfelt .
This is a powerful and valuable addition to the coming-home war movie canon .
Thank You for Your Service is straightforward drama and leaves an uneasy impression about how much more the recipients of that platitude are owed than what the government is giving them .
Miles Teller 's dominant performance drives this emotional drama .
Hall does an impressive job behind the camera , never opting for the melodramatic , having his camera sit back and observe these men and their interactions . He knows the power of this particular story needs no embellishment , and his cast knows it as well .
It 's a good , quiet performance by -LSB- Miles -RSB- Teller , and also by -LSB- Haley -RSB- Bennett - her Saskia is welcoming but wary .
At its best , Thank You for Your Service is The Best Years of Our Lives for the modern generation of war veterans .
The film is admirably frank in its depiction of lingering trauma but too often struggles to capture its more ineffable qualities .
There 's a good story here , and an important one , but it requires a scalpel , and Jason Hall seems to have only packed a butcher knife .
An involving and often wrenching drama .
Muted in its anger but resonant in its grief , the film may cover familiar subject matter , but Hall imbues it with specificity and no-nonsense drama that make the plight of physically and emotionally wounded soldiers sting all over again .
As a piece of cinema , `` Thank You '' is flawed , with a structure and pacing that dull the viewing experience , even as the message drives through . It 's a great discussion starter , but not a great finished product .
If the fallout from selfless heroism is tough ground to navigate , the Iraq War drama `` Thank You for Your Service '' boasts experienced guides in Miles Teller and writer-director Jason Hall .
`` Thank You for Your Service '' is not a great movie by any stretch . But it is a good one , and perhaps more importantly , a necessary one .
If , like its characters , `` Thank You for Your Service '' sometimes struggles to balance staying strong with wearing its heart on its sleeve , it makes an emotional plea in a direct , effective way .
It 's an admirable effort that never quite transcends its hokey educational trappings .
The film puts its viewers through a wringer and through a journey , right up to its final glimpse of a soldier , though long returned , finally beginning to come home .
There 's not much here to surprise or stir , and if it were a documentary it would likely be accused of not going far enough with its subject . But it does n't do too much to justify itself as a narrative film , either ...
Hall is careful not to reduce his characters to tormented caricature .
For a first-time feature , Hall 's approach to the material is surprisingly nuanced and sensitive .
The rather flat story never breaks new ground , nor does it fully explore the depths of PTSD .
It has a significant story to tell -- shining a light on the importance of supporting veterans and the lack of what 's available -- and tells it with some powerful imagery and fantastic performances .
A sincere , harrowing journey through post traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- , and the havoc it wreaks on families .
Director Jason Hall digs deep into your core to show you exactly how veterans are treated , mistreated , used and abused by the very system they risk their lives to protect .
If living Schumann , Solo and Waller 's lives for just a couple hours can raise awareness to the needs of the hundreds of thousands of veterans just like them , that would be the gratitude they deserve .
Ultimately , `` Thank You For Your Service '' is commendable and well , serviceable . But it 's more of an honorable discharge rather than something you fete with medals of esteem .
Stumbling blocks do stack up , standing in the way of Hall 's best intentions .
It 's not always effective drama , but as an example for thousands of struggling American families , it 's a serious breakthrough .
Teller , continuing his streak of strong dramatic performances that include Whiplash and Bleed for This , delivers a powerful turn that is all the more effective for its restraint .
Most of it is avid and surprising , and honestly moving , because the film refuses to hype what it shows you .
War is hell , it 's been said . We should be able to feel the heat .

@highlight

Thank You for Your Service takes a sobering and powerfully acted -- if necessarily incomplete -- look at soldiers grappling with the horrific emotional impact of war .