The Rocker is more Keane than Keith Moon : slow , safe and about as edgy as a tangerine .
More fun than a fifth of Rebel Yell and a bag of Quaaludes .
Just because one is a scene stealer on TV does not mean he or she is big screen material , period , much less a movie star .
... an agreeable , sporadically hilarious comedy that benefits substantially from the almost uniformly strong performances .
All premise and no purpose .
Perhaps The Rocker 's most annoying feature is that it is n't completely terrible .
A whacked-out , superannuated , would-be rock star might seem to be too easy a comic target , but Wilson gives this sad sack so many fresh twists that he never wears out his welcome .
Just when you think the dog days of summer movies are upon us along comes a hilarious sleeper hit .
Uh , Mr. Projectionist ? Could you stop the movie ? I wan na get off now .
The moments do n't add up to much , though , and the dramatic arc ends up feeling even narrower than it usually is in this kind of story .
This rock music comedy does has a few chuckles and belly laughs . And unlike a few other smug , self-satisfied comedies that have come along recently , this one at least seems to have a heart at its center .
As a movie , it may not rock , but it rolls along nicely enough .
Amiable enough yet unadventurous and uneven , this may coax the odd big smile from viewers but it never rocks the house .
There are occasionally amusing moments , but the writing lacks the warmth that made School of Rock such a hit .
It all looks good and there 's a decent cast but nothing really takes off .
Essentially covering the same playlist as Jack Black 's School of Rock , The Rocker is a good-natured , live-the-dream lark in which the one-liners score hits but the slapstick continually misses .
Just the feelgood movie that everyone needs at the moment .
The film is untidy , cheery , sometimes amiable . If only it were funny too .
Director Peter Cattaneo will probably never repeat his Full Monty success , but even in its mediocre patches one senses a renewed eagerness to entertain .
A decent US ensemble cast includes regulars from Curb Your Enthusiasm and , though the pacing is too slack , some silly one-liners help to make up for it .
The Rocker is certainly not This Is Spinal Tap , but it is fair to moderate entertainment and Rainn Wilson holds it all together energetically .
Essentially a Will Ferrell Lite movie , this toothless comedy has a likeable central performance from Rainn Wilson and several hilariously spiky side characters . But it never quite hits its comical stride .
One of the problems of Peter Cattaneo 's film is not knowing who it 's aimed at . Kids wo n't identify with a bitter old rocker and the middle-aged will be hoping for more satirical Spinal Tap .
Likeable , if predictable comedy , enlivened by strong comic performances from Rainn Wilson and a talented supporting cast .
Delivers what it promises and satisfies the filmmakers ' objectives -LRB- even if it is n't my kinda movie -RRB- , and despite its many predictable elements , has enough entertainment value to have elicited applause from the preview audience
Wilson has neither the acting chops nor musician 's soul to be believable , merely a rip-off of Jack Black and Will Ferrell .
To those moviegoers who 've expressed some weariness of Will Ferrell and Jack Black always doing what they do : Well , OK , here 's somebody else doing it .
The Rocker neither rocks nor rolls .
There 's nothing all that wrong with The Rocker . It 's just that it 's ordinary to a spectacular degree .
The pratfalls and naked jokes do n't eek out enough humor , and Wilson 's Fish never becomes someone you can truly root for .
Predictable , but fun .
One of the best things about this film is the insane commitment that Wilson has to get a laugh .
I had a really good time watching The Rocker . I laughed , I tapped my foot to the music , and I reveled in the extraordinary Rainn Wilson .
Wilson 's amiably wild-eyed performance hits all the scripted notes in a comedy that is mostly tone-deaf .
It 's a slave to formula , and it hits its marks satisfyingly enough to make for a pleasant time-passer , but Wilson and a loaded supporting cast are never as funny as they should be .
The Rocker ends up doing more to whet appetites for School of Rock 2 than it does to actually entertain .
The Rocker has the requisite vomit , the view of some very unfortunate hind quarters and the suds . It 's also got a vein of sweetness and charm .
I do n't doubt you can find some sort of enjoyment in watching The Rocker , but it 's just one of those movies you 'll forget about in a couple days .
It 's totally predictable , but if you 've ever nursed a rock-star fantasy at any age , it 's impossible to hate this . And the three kids are really good .
As a satire of the music biz and in micro , long-haired heavy metal bands , the film 's obviously no ` This is Spinal Tap , ' and the new songs are forgettable , just like the overall film , even if -LRB- or because -RRB- Wilson does a good Jack Black impersonation .
Riff out ? Please . This is about as hardcore as a wrestling match between Clay Aiken and Barry Manilow .
Memo to Rainn Wilson : A shot of a paunchy middle-aged man in jockey shorts is not automatically funny . Okay , it kind of is . But The Rocker is as formulaic as a Whitesnake song without the virtue of a four-minute running time .
The melody of The Rocker feels predictable but the beat is refreshingly off-kilter .
Sadly , The Rocker is so rife with formula that a pre-school could wet nurse on it indefinitely and still never go hungry .
... a shameless rip of `` School of Rock . ''
Some laughs , but this is no School of Rock .
If you have marginal talent as a filmmaker , this is the kind of a film you make .
`` The Rocker '' is a likeable but sometimes awkward comedy about a likeable , awkward musician .
Sharp dialogue , knowing jabs at the music business , and a satisfying pay-off make this a late-summer pleasure that reminds us of what rocking out should be .
I felt nothing for the characters , and worse , I did n't care if Fish confronted his old band members and got even .
Is it possible for a movie to actually kill rock n ' roll ?
When the humor does n't involve sweaty armpits or vomit , it 's alternately dry , silly , and profane -- a mixed bag that will serve as a nice antidote to viewers maxed out on Apatow blue .
Breezily directed by The Full Monty 's Peter Cattaneo , this amiable comedy features a solid supporting cast and the original songs , written by Chad Fischer of ` Superman ' fame , are surprisingly good in a hooky , power-pop sort of way .
School of Rock , Tenacious D and about million comedies of prolonged adolescence have stripped most of the bigger nuggets from this particular seam .
I 'm a drummer . Drummers are n't dorky . They are the heart and soul of a band , solid , dependable . Drummers are n't clueless or socially awkward . Guitarists on the other hand ...
The film equivalent of an inoffensive throwaway track , what we used to call a B-side , back in the days of Vesuvius .
The conflicts that arise are highly predictable . But there are plenty of funny moments , as well as a sweet subplot involving the unkempt drummer and the guitarist 's no-nonsense mom .
It 's a film that sometimes wants to be School of Rock , sometimes wants to be This Is Spinal Tap , but ends up more like an uninspired episode of The Partridge Family .
A grubby little redemption comedy that in every way feels like a consignment-shop Jack Black vehicle .
Unfortunately , The Rocker , Wilson 's first lead role in a feature film , emphasizes the wrong quirks .
If only the movie had some bite , some edge , some anger , some insight . Instead it 's generic , staying far away from the darker temptations of the rock scene .
The Rocker is an amiable comedy , so efficiently constructed that you can practically see the computer software on how to write comedy screenplays at work . Nonetheless it is an enjoyable construction .
It 's too bad the unambitious Rocker did n't give those fine performers more to do . As it is , it 's only half a screenplay , and theirs is the half that 's missing .
An innocuous late-summer entry that barely rises above the level of sitcom alternative to Olympic-coverage overload .
The plot is ultrapredictable , but under the gentle direction of Peter Cattaneo the movie somehow works .
The Rocker feels safe , a long way from the cutting edge , a PG guy in a PG-13 movie , a comedy with too much ` parental guidance ' to be rock 'n' roll .
If this is n't the laugh riot of the year , it 's still a pleasant surprise , particularly for teen audiences . And in comedy seasons like this one , that 's sometimes more than enough .
The Rocker qualifies as a B-side , but it still makes for a passable summer single .
Watching Rainn Wilson gyrate in The Rocker , you ca n't help wondering if Mr. Wilson is inhabiting a role that was originally turned down by Jack Black .
Manages to be a notably funnier than average summer comedy despite being a fairly shameless rip-off of School of Rock .
While nobody 's expecting This Is Spinal Tap , both the audience and the cast -- which is strong all around -- deserve better than the generic script and bland direction here .
The cinematic equivalent of elevator music : bland , occasionally entertaining and , once it 's over , utterly forgettable .
It sort of gurgles , with some pleasant-sounding pops here and there . But this is essentially a film that squanders a good idea by playing things too safely .
How much you ultimately like The Rocker will inevitably depend on how much you like Wilson . And a little goes a long way .
The film gets credit for heart , and a certain amount of rock 'n' roll spirit , but that 's about it .
You want to like almost everyone in this film , but they 're all undone by a weak script that really was n't worth more than a Gilmore Girls subplot after all .
Tuneless execution , with flat writing and inharmonious direction as noticeable as Motley Crue 's eyeliner . Or Whitesnake 's snakeskin pants .
It can be hard to explain what makes a star , but it 's fairly easy to identify a performer who does n't have that mysterious star stuff .
While The Rocker may be completely unoriginal and campy at times , the film still exceeds well with great laughs and a couple of one-liners I will be adding to my collection .
Despite its breezy quality and occasional big laugh , The Rocker just never completely clicks as A-side material .
No matter how much a movie tries to convince us , emo will never rock .
Utterly predictable , formulaic , but not entirely unamusing .
It 's not exactly heartwarming to realize that The Rocker 's Gen X fantasy of an escape from middle age is really a developmental nightmare .
I do n't want to oversell The Rocker , but in a summer of erratic , assaultive comedies all up and down the budget scale , this Rainn Wilson vehicle -- a kind of Home School of Rock -- stakes out its own corner of the market .
may not rock your world , but it 's a sweet little fable that does n't trouble itself with reality
A comedy in the vein of `` School of Rock , '' `` The Rocker '' is a fine first starring vehicle for `` The Office '' star Wilson .
The timing is a bit off with this routine , even if there are a few solos that totally kick ass .
Feels like another one of those movies Will Ferrell turned down , so the producers had to find the next best thing -LRB- and Jack Black was already under contract to do something else -RRB- .
Makes up for a lack of gut-busting moments simply by being genial and smartly written . The Rocker is a minor , feel-good entertainment . It 's not rocket science , but its heart is in the right place .
... an amiable little film that covers familiar ground to entertaining ends . The finale is as expected but satisfying nonetheless .
Certainly nothing this year will compete with the inexcusable The Love Guru for its sheer inability to create laughs , but The Rocker does its best to at least come close .
Wilson is buoyed by a sporadically witty script , and while there are no surprises whatsoever in the story , his goofy , puppylike charm renders what could have been a disaster merely an unfortunate event .
Jack Black 's fearless , foolish ferocity is missing .
Like its protagonist , the movie is sweet but slow and a little out of date .
Two great cuts do n't make an album and two fine supporting performances do n't make The Rocker worthwhile .
The Rocker might really have rocked if it did n't feel like a cover of a couple of superior comedies .
Audiences would be better served staying home and playing Rock Band than wasting their time on something as leaden and unfunny as The Rocker .
The real problem , of course , is that Fish is n't all that interesting a protagonist .
A juvenile fairy tale that plays like the pilot for a Jonas Brothers sitcom on the Disney Channel , The Rocker comes off as something penned by an old dude who has n't bought music since it was sold ` on records . '
Rainn Wilson said in an interview on The Rocker : ` There is something about a drummer . They 're not cerebral . I have a tendency to be more cerebral and reserved . But he 's a big puppy dog . It was lot of fun to plunge into that character . ' ''
In yet the umpteenth arrested development manchild comedy , Rainn Wilson lets his inner Jack Black out with a good dose of Will Ferrell style body barement and mines some laughs out of a largely forgettable film .
A pox on the house of the individual who first told Rainn Wilson he was a funny man . For the inconsiderate moose that decided to open their trap and inspire this actor , I wish them the same discomfort I suffered while watching The Rocker .
A wealth of creative talent ca n't alter the fact that Rocker is merely a passable goof-off , and one less challenging or fun than a night spent playing Rock Band .
Appeals to the part of you that dreams of stage diving , counting groupies and trashing hotel rooms .
A great cast , solid writing , some poppy head-bopping tunes and a story full of warmth and laughs often makes up for its sometimes predictable high concept plot .
Lightweight but likable .
It is a goofy and amusing late summer film with more than enough laughs to recommend it .
It 's depressing when the best thing you can say about a comedy is that its second-rateness is pleasantly in sync with its unmagnetic hero .
I guess if you like Rainn Wilson alot , you might enjoy it . But I find his humor flat and tedious . I ca n't believe this is from the Oscar-nominated director who made THE FULL MONTY .
An uneasy mixture of raucous Will Ferrell farce and kid-friendly Disney Channel teen teleflick that never gels .
What has happened to Cattaneo -LRB- Full Monty -RRB- ? His formulaic comedy about second chances ain the rock world recycles elements from School of Rock , Spinal Tap , Tenacious D , and it 's not even a good star vehicle for talented comedian Wilson .
The only brazen thing about the film is how shamelessly it rips off School of Rock .
This satire about an aging heavy metal drummer finds a good comic rhythm .
There 's enough innocent charm and dumb optimism here to pad the movie 's lighthearted pokes at humor .
-LSB- A -RSB- well-crafted , feel-good satire .
This is pre-packaged entertainment , a product designed to give bored teenagers something to watch on a Friday or Saturday night when steamy summer nights are getting longer and Labor Day is just around the corner .
It 's modestly entertaining , occasionally funny , and generally agreeable . I just do n't think Wilson should quit his day job yet .
Rainn Wilson has already been typecast as `` that weird , crazy guy '' in every role he plays , but he seems capable of more .
It 's exactly the kind of film that I 'll forget having ever seen by the time Summer is over and that 's too bad as I do love the premise of the film and I 'm a fan of Rainn Wilson .





@highlight

With a predictable and lightweight story , the earnest efforts of the cast are squandered by The Rocker 's bland script .