It 's hard to understand what anyone is actually saying in this film .
Painterly scumble ... dimly illuminated night settings . Miami Vice is Mann 's usual triangulation of Nietzsche , linen-edge designers like Ozwald Boateng and distinguished painters of geometric abstraction , like the great Richard Diebenkorn .
Mann 's folly is the best show in town .
Miami Vice is n't a particularly accurate translation of the show - and depending on your point of view that could be good or bad - but it is a stylish , if uninspired , crime thriller .
Mann has no peer today when it comes to painting after-hours dread
Perhaps the first Michael Mann film to almost completely lack a human element ; or rather , the human element it possesses is thin and unconvincing .
-LSB- Michael Mann 's -RSB- remake of his own property is dull , cliché , routine , and pointless .
Michael Mann ridiculously attempts to inflate an episode of his '80s TV show into a feature length ballad of undercover ennui , lust and bloody intimidation .
-LSB- The punchy -RSB- theatrical opening ... does n't so much lead viewers into the film as it injects them .
No one , but no one does crime like Michael Mann .
The Foxx-Farrell pairing can best be summed up by the first real Crockett-Tubbs scene in the film : on the rooftop of a club , on the phone ... having separate conversations . The two share the frame and the on-set air but nothing else .
Michael Mann seems to have set out to extricate everything that made the show fun and original .
A pointless exercise .
No chemistry , no cool , no compelling characters , no air of urgency . Just a very average crime caper which fails to entertain the viewer on a gut , cerebral or superficial level . Not exactly your father 's Miami Vice .
A highly satisfying piece of stylish pop entertainment .
Note for Michael Mann fans : A thrilling new director 's edition on DVD has 20 minutes of new footage .
This somber action picture bravely defies expectations and gives us something wholly new .
click for full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
Un policial moderadamente efectivo y bien realizado , alejado por completo de la estética de la serie televisiva original . Intrascendente .
After an FBI sting goes bad , Miami detectives Sonny Crockett -LRB- Colin Farrell -RRB- and Ricardo Tubbs -LRB- Jamie Foxx -RRB- head deep undercover to infiltrate a Colombian drug network . Complications arise when Crockett goes under covers with Isabella -LRB- Gong Li -RRB- , the righ
Mas é justamente neste momento que , infelizmente , Michael Mann parece se lembrar de que , afinal de contas , está a serviço de Hollywood .
While Miami Vice is heavy on the style and visuals of Mann 's other films , almost everything else which makes his work so watchable is absent .
Mullett mediocrity .
What a boring movie .
Miami Vice is stylish and slick . It visually smacks you in the head and makes you pay attention .
Like the show itself , as much as there is a ton of style on offer , there is little in the way of real substance
Were it not for its title , this plodding , tiresome mess would have never seen the light of day .
In retrospect it is clear that the rapturous Miami Vice is the work Mann has been building to .
The best bad movie of the year so far , or the worst interesting movie ... certainly the most esoterically constructed blockbuster that ever donned a $ 150-million price tag .
This has more in common with a Wong Kar-wai film than any Hollywood movie I 've seen lately .
Mann 's aim seems to return an artistry to the cop drama , it 's much the same high ambition he had two decades ago with his TV show the method is definitely different but the results are even more pleasing .
There 's no style , glitz , glamour , or music ! The movie is called MIAMI VICE ! How can you have `` Miami Vice '' without at least ONE good Music montage ? At the very least you would think , the movie would have some , oh , I do n't know , ACTION !
Hits on notes lower than the Smuggler 's Blues .
Overlong and dull .
cool but not as cool
Farrell and Foxx are partners ? They do n't even look at each other in Mann 's remake of his acclaimed `` Heat . ''
Several voters at Jumptheshark.com believe the Miami Vice TV show jumped the shark when Don Johnson married Sheena Easton . The big-screen version of Miami Vice jumps the shark about 45 minutes into the movie .
... the non-stop action does n't just complicate the officers ' relationships -- it prevents us from connecting strongly with them .
Mann is the master of nighttime digital photography , and he fills the screen with stunning images and some intricately choreographed shoot-out scenes that I just loved .
I have n't seen so many cold stares in one movie since March of the Penguins .
This is a movie of extremes : alternately dazzling and deadening , careening between stylish and stultifying , tough going on occasion and smooth sailing the rest of the way . Yet in the final count , it 's the virtues that save this Vice .
a watchable , but otherwise unremarkable flick .
Miami Vice is pure Miami Vice . It 's pure Michael Mann . And most importantly of all , Colin Farrell is pure Don Johnson
Not the film we were promised but no shame either , Miami Vice is loaded with just enough thrills and spills to keep us glued to our seats .
Mann wants to distance his film from the Reagan-era consumerist fantasy of the TV show that inspired it , but all he does is put a dour veneer of visual grime over the same attitudes .
If you 're looking for the Don Johnson version of Sonny Crockett , you 're better off looking at television re-runs .
Many critics have found in Mann 's films an excess of macho bluster . I can only say his power and exuberant self-belief expose the indentikit dullness of a hundred other meagre film-makers working with similar material .
Miami Vice is n't perfect , but it is perfectly mesmerizing .
Spearheaded by the compelling paring of Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx , Miami Vice delivers serious action , dangerous liaisons and spectacular locations in a tense and highly anticipated drama adapted from the 80s TV series .
There is n't much real chemistry between Farrell and Fox , or even Farrel and Li , so we really do n't believe much of what 's going on .
Thrums with a raw , fierce , jazzy soul .
A highly-influential TV show winds up as a decent but flawed movie and the hunt for a truly great 2006 summer blockbuster continues .
Bearing all the Mann hallmarks , this is visually enthralling , relentlessly stylish crime drama . A little too languorous for its own good at times , but still vastly superior entertainment .
I enjoyed Mr. Mann 's new Miami Vice from its first ravishing frame to the last , but I ca n't say that very much of it made sense -- but then , neither do the daily headlines .
Farrell is superb as Crockett , even managing to avoid being out-acted by his ridiculous moustache , and his scenes with Gong Li -LRB- whose English accent sadly has n't improved since Memoirs of a Geisha -RRB- generate real chemistry .
It 's business as usual for Mann . Truly terrific .
Beautiful to look at and difficult to embrace , this is a movie of moments , not of overall narrative force .
I say , bring back the pastel suits , the flamingos , and the Jan Hammer score . You can keep Phil Collins , though .
Takes itself so seriously that you 'd think you were watching a production of King Lear -- except King Lear is positively action-packed by comparison .
`` Miami Vice '' is singularly lacking an iconoclastic style . It 's shot with a gritty , shaky approach .
Routine in some respects , but in others , it delivers everything expected of a summer blockbuster . And it 's gorgeous .
Michael Mann has come a long way since his days supervising Miami Vice on TV , and it 's fascinating to watch a filmmaker of such extraordinary ability working a slice of pure cheesecake like this .
More interesting for everything it is n't than for anything it is .
I ca n't wait to see if the sequel has them going to Russia to stop prostitute trafficking or perhaps back in time to Chicago to stop liquor smuggling during prohibition .
I have no idea why studio executives think Mann is a go-to-guy for summer fare . He 's so serious and so concerned with setting a scene and establishing grit that his movies lack coherency or , far more important , fun .
Then it 's off to a too-fast , too-expensive car with Farrell as Colin 's hair takes the wheel , adjusts the mirror , and gives Foxx a Shiatsu . ` Lucky , hairy bastard ! ' says Colin .
Su principal atractivo es el de ver cómo Hollywood es capaz de tirar el dinero para producir un filme que se irá de cartelera de la misma forma en que llegó , con más pena que gloria .
Michael Mann is the first director to make Colin Farrell seem like a man rather than the impish thugs or mooning boy-men he usually gives us .
Michael Mann foregoes the pastel and panache of the original because Colin Farrell is not the same cat as Don Johnson . The result is n't bad ; it 's just different .
Most of Michael Mann 's movies have been broad-chested exercises in machismo ... but few have dealt in the sort of self-parodic chest-beating that undoes Miami Vice .
A run of the mill cop movie that 's stylish but ultimately boring .
Mann ca n't be faulted for his visual take on the grit and the glitter of high stakes cocaine rustling , but at 146 minutes he could have found more room for the psychological nuances ...
A tense urban drama about two gutsy undercover cops who enjoy their improvised lives of danger and surprises .
Miami Vice is long , dull and dark and does little to stimulate the moviegoer 's mind or eye .
Cool to look at , but there 's nothing to it .
Neither Crockett nor Tubbs have enough of an inner life to support such multilayered storytelling .
Even as it sinks to shocking depths in the shadow of its own flagrant egotism , Miami Vice is nearly -- just nearly -- saved by its top-shelf aesthetics .
Shockingly , the movie is never really heightened artistically ... Miami Vice feels relentlessly tired and trivial in its raucous tracks .
Gone is the dreamy atmosphere of sun-kissed decadence , replaced by joyless business transactions that are punctuated by short , sharp shocking bursts of violence ...
-LSB- B -RSB- race for an unflinching contemporary crime drama that makes no concessions to pop nostalgia or mocking remakes such as the no-brow Starsky and Hutch .
Where are the babes ? The boobs ? The bling ? The alligators and neon ? Grimly determined to rebrand his franchise and rewrite cultural history , Mann has turned Crockett and Tubbs into a solemn pair of nighthawks ...
Miami Vice -LSB- is -RSB- a decidedly non-winking update of the '80s television series ... underfed and seemingly filmed on the fly .
Vice lacks that human touch , those insights into the men away from their beats ... Mannequin Vice might have made for a better title .
If you were a fan of the popular trend-setting TV show , this film should suit you just fine .
The movie is n't perfect , but it 's good enough , and better than most . It should keep us occupied until the big screen version of The Apprentice comes along .
The truest thing to say about Miami Vice is that it 's an OK picture with some superb things in it .
For those seeking an intense , seductive and gritty crime drama , Miami Vice delivers the goods .
Jamie Foxx and Colin Farrell never seem like the bricks who often star in dumb crime movies . The drug-world Miami Vice is itself the brick : dope for dopes .
If you 're looking for a crime story that sizzles with action , sex and the visceral jolt of life on the edge , Miami Vice is the one .
Overall , Miami Vice is a modestly entertaining action fix for long-time fans of the TV series , but is n't the expert , polished film I expected from the mature Mann .
Mann has managed to do something the original Miami Vice never could : He 's bleached all personality out of Crockett and Tubbs , and made Miami into a big -LRB- if bloody -RRB- bore .
Writer-director Michael Mann exchanges interest in this plotline for gorgeous cinematography and an orgy of first-rate movie violence , though it 's a shame we have to wait two hours for it .
Miami Vice , the movie , is an atmospheric muddle , as gorgeous and unintelligible as raven-haired stunner Gong Li .
It works as well as it ever did . It works because Mann makes it work .
You want it to be a gripping drama , but it turns out to be , more or less , an especially attractive shop window . Look , drool even , but do n't think .
It offers a good amount of crowd-pleasing action , but the story is convoluted and the heroes are scowling mannequins .
The antidote to M : i : III , Pirates II and every other circus of coagulated stunts is Miami Vice , my favorite Hollywood movie of the summer so far .
Miami Vice is the last of the predicted summer blockbusters , and it delivers a reasonable amount of popcorn excitement .
What the film revival of Miami Vice lacks in substance it makes up for in adrenaline .
This is more of a thinking man 's action flick -- a small , intense film made on a giant canvas that finds Mann experimenting with and pushing at the boundaries of mainstream filmmaking .
While part of Miami Vice plays out as well-researched and credible , there 's some mighty sloppy scripting .
Miami Vice is like watching a great chef boil a hotdog .
Michael Mann 's big screen adaptation of the seminal '80s TV series Miami Vice looks great but the weak plot and lack of chemistry between Colin Farrell and Gong Li ultimately detracts .
It might be an empty vessel , but it zooms .
Sensual and scary , the movie is so visually textured you feel as though you 're brushing against the screen .
Perhaps had they been given a script , a purpose or a mission , Miami Vice the movie might have been something worthy of the talented Mann 's attention .
As with most of filmmaker Michael Mann 's works , this one is far too long -- at least by 20 minutes . But it does have just enough visceral thrills to separate it from most of the cinematic pack .
As it passed the two-hour mark , I began to fear the ending might never actually end . That it finally did was one of the movie 's highlights .
Impossible to follow and flat-out boring .
The overall effect is still striking and often unexpected , with an impact that grows and lingers long after the final , abrupt shot .
Miami Vice exudes the kind of gritty life we expect , so much so that you might argue that neither Crockett nor Tubbs deserves to be called a main character ; Mann reserves that role for crime itself .
The most visually exciting movie to come along this year .
The film , like its oddly rumbling sky , promises more than it ever delivers . Granted , it can look cool . But more often , as we wait for the lightning that never arrives , it frustrates .
If you really must see Miami Vice -LRB- and you must n't -RRB- , buy a ticket to something better , then slip into Vice at the 95-minute mark and watch the last third of the movie .
The movie is seriously sexy and seriously entertaining .
Like most Mann beverages , this one is a cocktail of nitroglycerin just waiting to be uncorked by a theatrical audience aching for something different .
The action begins immediately , without even a title credit , and the movie ends abruptly and almost arbitrarily , as if we have witnessed an almost literal slice of life , snipped off at either end by a pair of editor 's shears . Life -- and crime -- goes on .
This updated version , starring Colin Farrell as Crockett and Jamie Foxx as Tubbs , is far from a disaster , but does n't rank with Mann 's best work .
Gong Li 's face and form are made for this : she absorbs the movie 's energies and just like that , it hardly matters what Crockett or Tubbs thinks he 's doing .
Characters gather in really cool places -LRB- million-dollar apartments , speedboats , South American warehouses , etc. -RRB- , look really serious and read expository dialogue in a low murmur .
Even as a strictly superficial survey of Michael Mann 's world , there 's still an electric charge from all its nabs , jumps and gets . It 's not Mann 's usual poetry of pushing the existential envelope , but it 's a skillful action film .
The star of Miami Vice is , of course , Michael Mann , whose manipulation of this material is by far the most compelling reason to see the film .
Gone are the pastels , the pet alligator from this dark , gritty modern-day version of the '80s TV show . Unfortunately , gone too is some of that fresh style that made the show unique , leaving us with just another dark , gritty crime drama .
I guess I was expecting too much of the old television show in this movie , and it did n't deliver any of that . They did n't even use the theme song , for crying out loud .
stagnant and uninvolving . ... dark and ultraserious to the point of seeming a little lugubrious .
... a stylish , violent crime drama where you either go along for the ride or should n't bother getting on .
Throwing in several snarly baddies and lots of speeding boats and planes and cars -- plus , a cool climactic shootout -- Mann 's the man for creating foreboding environments and intense action sequences .
Miami Vice is n't a great film , but it 's ours .
In Mann 's attempt to make something artsy and grown-up , he has neglected the element of fun .
The film is so visually vivid , Mann could almost get away with taking out the ham-fisted dialog completely and let the whole thing run silent .
Michael Mann must have mistaken neon lights , awkward sex scenes and bad pop songs for a good movie .
The entire film is a technical marvel , but the action scenes raise the bar to a new level of urgency .
Has a lot to look at but little to actually watch . The plot is a standard ` cops go undercover to expose drug ring ' story , and the characters have no personalities .
Just stalling as it desperately tries to string together the length of three commercial-free episodes that would have been cancelled by the first interruption of # 102 .
There could be quite an active drinking game if viewers took a shot every time someone in the movie says something like , `` Here 's how it 's going to be '' or `` Here 's how it 's going to happen . ''
Breaking down the faults of Michael Mann 's big screen Miami Vice adaptation is like mowing Montgomery Burns ' lawn when you 're high - you have no idea where to begin .
... that the movie cost a reported $ 130 million is jaw-dropping , as there 's virtually no evidence of that bloated price tag on the screen .
Where did all the money go ? That 's all I could think about while watching Miami Vice , the summer stinker for this week .
You can feel this disaster coming in the air tonight . OH LORD !
Would you rather have a second-tier film from a first-rate director , or a first-tier film from a second-rate director ?
It 's style over substance in this explosive , shoot 'em up that tries to make up with fast pace and visceral atmosphere what it lacks in characterization and coherence .
Evokes the critics ' cliche , ` Visually sumptuous but ultimately pointless ' -LRB- and at times incomprehensible -RRB- .
It 's a measure of Michael Mann 's gift as a filmmaker that he manages to make stuff you 'd never want to do in real life -- like grinding against Colin Farrell in a sweaty nightclub , or exchanging gunfire with Nazi supremacists -- seem strangely appealing .
Even though you ca n't figure out what anyone is saying , the story is so straightforward and mindless that you gradually figure out what 's going on , and the style is so fluid -- and the Caribbean visuals so evocative -- that you 're carried right along .
The new Miami Vice movie is not designed to leave audiences in a partying mood . On its own terms , though , it 's frequently worthy of cheers .
Compared with Mann 's other films , Miami Vice lacks the slam-bang set pieces of Heat and the human dynamic of Collateral .
Mann knows how to make a movie move , and there are sequences in Miami Vice , such as that initial nightclub rumble , that are like swirling fantasias .
No kick *** fights , and only a couple of rock 'em sock 'em shootouts , which are difficult to see due to Mann 's grainy night vision-like shooting style .
Mixing pop savvy with startling formal ambition , Michael Mann transforms a long , fairly predictable cop-show episode into a dazzling -LRB- and sometimes daft -RRB- Wagnerian spectacle .
The plot is not overtaxing -- it 's about guns , drugs and money -- because the real focus is the allure , danger and alienation of hiding behind an assumed identity .
While the moviemaking in Miami Vice is impeccable as always , its story finally turns out to be too flimsy a reed to support all of the weight put on it .
The first hour of the film is a perfectly paced procedural that takes the cops from the gleaming streets of Miami to the ghettos of South America .
For once , Farrell 's bad-boy swagger fits nicely into a character . None of that silly Alexander blond-haired posing this time .
Miami Vice , although stunning to look at , is ultimately a joyless viewing experience .
The pacing and proportion of Heat -LRB- 1995 -RRB- and the feeling for place and character evident in Collateral -LRB- 2004 -RRB- have been tossed aside for a routine plot in which vice cops Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx pose as drug dealers .
The worst news about Miami Vice is that Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx , replacing Don Johnson and Philip Michael Thomas in the key roles , do n't hold a candle , a flashlight , a freakin ' match to the original guys .
From start to finish , even when you 're not sure what 's going on or what 's being said , you 're pulled deep into its vortex of sultry intrigue and unhinged ferocity .
While this Vice is n't in the same league as Mann 's Collateral -LRB- 2004 -RRB- or Heat -LRB- 1995 -RRB- , it 's a gritty , ultra-dark thriller , and it contains two of the best ` kill shot ' scenes in recent years .
Miami Vice is a dazzler .
Miami Vice is a dark , grainy and heavy drama and so super-serious and smoky thick it could be called Miasma Vice .
This may well be the dreariest and most monochromatic time you 'll have at the movies all summer .
You could sum up Miami Vice in three words : drugs , betrayal , kidnapping . So why does it take the movie almost 2 1/2 hours to get everyone killed or behind bars ?
Miami Vice is about as hip as a marathon session of Uno .
Not nearly as stylish as the old TV series was , but just as vacuous in the narrative department ... a retread that comes to the showroom already bald .
You do n't ` enjoy ' this movie -- you 're enthralled by it ... -LSB- T -RSB- his is a complete reimagining that is resolutely of the moment , that does n't deign to a single winking nod to the past .
More Vice City than Miami Vice : Mann 's new thriller makes for sweet , sweet action ...
... it 's a little perverse that the big-screen adaptation of Miami Vice , an '80s cop show remembered for its decadent beachfront locales and pastel color scheme , turns out to be the summer 's least frivolous movie .
Southeast sizzle and undercover-cop cool are kept to such a minimum that Miami Vice may as well have been transferred to St. Louis .
Full-blooded and fierce , Miami Vice is the antidote for other TV-to-film adaptations .
I gave up on the plot convolutions halfway through , but without bitterness . The whole thing moves so well and creates so much genuine suspense that -LSB- they -RSB- seemed almost beside the point .
There 's no real rhythm or ingenuity to the story .
A dark pastiche of murky drug deals and menacing thugs sans the tongue-in-cheek humor and neon nights of television 's crayola-washed classic .
You do n't so much look at the screen as peer into it , mesmerized . Miami Vice 's best scenes border on painterly abstractions -- propulsive mini-symphonies of motion and color , punctuated by shocking bursts of violence .
Zzzzzz . Utterly lifeless , MIAMI VICE is a film to be endured rather than enjoyed . It 's as cinematically appealing as an old videotape . ... One of the worst films of the year .
Miami Vice is n't just a terrible movie . It 's a terrible movie that looks like absolute crap .
Miami Vice , as entertaining as some of it is , is so cool that it 's almost too cool . It takes the sin , and much of the juice , out of vice .
Filled with gorgeous images , expertly assembled and perfectly set to music . But for the most part , it 's all completely superfluous
Miami Vice is crummy , pointless and brain-dead . No revelation there . But I did n't expect it to be so boring .
As cop movies go , Miami Vice does interesting things with unoriginal material .
It 's so self-serious at times , it 'll prompt you to laugh out loud at moments that are n't supposed to be funny . Which is a total letdown because , theoretically , this is Michael Mann 's pure , true vision .
Recent examples of slim premises that boasted strong and muscular cinematic style , not to mention a sly sense of humor Miami Vice generally lacks , were Cellular and Red Eye .
My cat has coughed up hairballs that make more sense than MIAMI VICE
Those for whom imminent danger , spectacular mayhem and singeing sexual attraction do n't go down well can go sip some tea and sit it out on their rocking chair .
In a career marked by an obsession with the intricacies of law enforcement and criminal activity , this may be Mann 's most brutally efficient policier yet .
I could n't take my eyes off the screen . It 's a sensational trip -- gorgeous , gaga .
Miami Vice delivers the thrills , atmosphere and romance it promises , but it does n't resonate like major Mann .
Mann is good at action , especially when it comes to surprises -- the sudden blossoming of blood behind a gunned-down bad guy , the mighty explosion that we are n't expecting .
This Miami Vice is a grim genre exercise -- fascinating , certainly , and impressive at times , but only intermittently enjoyable .
The visuals are arresting , but Michael Mann 's update on the quintessentially '80s series is an otherwise glum and glummer proposition .
Vice revels in the creative latitude that an R-rated feature provides without departing from the show 's rudimentary structure .
Miami Vice is that summer movie that a lot of people have been waiting for , something for the adults to see , something that demands that you pay attention ... and lots of guns & drugs .
A triumph of style over substance , Mann 's noirish crime drama is B-level narrative wrapped in a visually sumptuous and viscerally thrilling package .








@highlight

Miami Vice is beautifully shot but the lead characters lack the charisma of their TV series counterparts , and the underdeveloped story is well below the standards of Michael Mann 's better films .