Think twice before hailing this Taxi .
A laid-back , inoffensive time-waster .
I expected this to be much funnier : Latifah coasts on her charm , and Fallon seems incapable of playing an actual character .
Take the bus instead .
It would take a tankerload of laughing gas to pump some humour into this flat-tyred fiasco .
While Taxi is certainly full of faults that would be hard for most good actors to overcome , Fallon provides the fatal blow himself by being the least interesting part of a pretty paltry movie .
It 's got suped up autos , suped up models , and suped up action . Fairly safe to say that it 'll appeal to it 's target audience , wethinks ?
Taxi has its share of fun , jazzy moments ... but too often the comedy is dragged down by running gags that start off unfunny and end up being just embarrassing .
Taxi is one long car chase , which quickly crashes and burns .
Buckle up for crap !
As ótimas seqüências de perseguição e as duas ou três boas piadas não são o bastante para equilibrar o fraco roteiro e as péssimas vilãs -LRB- especialmente Bündchen , pavorosa -RRB- .
While the film has the look of a cliché buddy movie , Latifah and Fallon bring in their own flair of comedic skills to make a difference .
Dismal comedy that 's only watchable thanks to Queen Latifah 's star power .
This is a cynical , tired example of filmmaking . Plenty of noise . Little va-va-voom .
Latifah , known for going after roles meant for men just because men have the much juicier characters written for them , is both ballsy and sensuous here .
A dim slog with few laughs . Latifah deserves better .
It 's hard to decide which character is required to act more stupidly .
The film offers some laughs - but not big ones .
So , as with many a hit French film , this was remade in English with an all-American cast . Also , as with most of these remakes , this one sucks big time ...
... the goings-on are neither very exciting nor terribly funny .
Somewhere along the way -LSB- Story -RSB- apparently forgot he was making a comedy . But , then again , the script does n't exactly provide an arsenal of creativity .
As dull and dented as a Ford Pinto minus the exploding gas tank .
Films that are such an abhorrent waste of time and talent you wish a truck would come by and smash you to little itty bits and pieces , for at least in death the pain would finally be over .
Fallon and Latifah never get out of second gear in a comedy thrown together from spare parts .
Seems less like a releasable movie and more like a dress rehearsal for a releasable movie , or the roadshow production of a dress rehearsal for a releasable movie .
License revoked .
Putting Jimmy Fallon in a movie automatically negates his principle shtick of breaking character and cracking up at his own jokes .
Taxi , former SNL cast member Jimmy Fallon and those arrogant Brazilian supermodels should all be junked .
The glitch , beyond the rote story , is that while she 's an infectiously upbeat screen presence , Latifah is not , inherently , a major laugh generator , and neither , it would appear , is Fallon .
A remake of Luc Besson 's 1998 French comedy , film is terribly contrived , under-written and almost desperate in its attempt at humour . **
If you 've seen the film 's lackluster trailer , you 've seen the film . All you 're missing is about 95 minutes of padding .
I admit it : I like cars . Therefore , I was unable to hate this really dumb film .
It was a fun spin that should satisfy the crowd who likes action and comedy .
Latifah and Fallon are an unlikely comedy team but they keep the laugh meter running
As Officer Washburn , Jimmy Fallon -- like the entire pic -- is a washout .
Taxi is one of those madcap comedies where they show all those wacky bloopers during the closing credits to show you how much fun everyone had on the set . Maybe that 's because they were in denial .
There is n't anything especially witty , and Latifah 's transforming taxi is just plain stupid .
Queen Latifah has charisma to burn , but not even she can rescue this silly little movie with its absurd plot and one-note characters
`` Geeve me da cash now or I shoot da gurl - just as Scavullo so often shoot me - but widout all da compliments , '' Gisele exclaims .
So Jimmy Fallon leaves ` Saturday Night Live ' and immediately starts making bad movies . And the circle of life continues .
Jimmy Fallon left Saturday Night Live for this ?
It may be the ultimate compliment of -LSB- Latifah 's -RSB- acting that she can hide the undeniable fact that Taxi is utterly beneath her .
Listen to Taxi carefully and you can hear Jimmy Fallon 's film career stalling .
The meter 's running but the fare is flat-rate .
-LSB- Fallon -RSB- does n't so much act as show up , and his utter lack of personality generates a vacuum that the movie can not overcome .
Do n't get taken for a ride .
Luc Besson produced this remake of his own 1998 wacky comedy : why , we 'll never know .
Fallon and Latifah have far more chemistry in the blooper reel over the end credits than they do throughout the movie .
Maybe Queen Latifah should just drop off Jimmy Fallon where he belongs : 50 Rockefeller Center .
Fallon and Latifah develop a weird sort of chemistry .
... there 's no good reason to go see this movie , but you probably knew that already .
Taxi simply goes through the motions .
Its silly , screeching , high-speed , non-stop action clearly defines it as a Fall popcorn picture .
Jimmy Fallon ... is an astrophysical wonder ... a black hole of funny , a yawning void of charisma .
Films as lightweight as this usually can be counted on for some smiles , thrills , and good times . Taxi lacks all three .
Goes nowhere fast .
Taxi stalls when it pretends to have an interesting story to tell but flies when it simply lets stars Queen Latifah and Jimmy Fallon loose .
Taxi runs out of fuel after the opening credits .
It was raining hard in ` Frisco . Jimmy Fallon needed one more fare to make his night . Queen Latifah , up ahead , waved to flag him down ... Alas , that 's not what ` Taxi ' is ...
Corny , but it grows on you .
Fallon takes off on a few good funny-man flights .
I would n't call Taxi over the top . More like over the edge .
Fallon does n't understand that funny sometimes needs to be played straight ; jokes are n't funny when the actor is laughing while he is telling them .
Bottom line : folks , save your cab fare because the frightfully foolish and formulaic Taxi is one extremely banal and bumpy ride .
I love Latifah , who almost does the job here , and that 's probably the highest compliment I can pay Taxi .
... might as well have been sponsored by NASCAR 's `` Drive for Diversity '' program .
someone thought Taxi could be funny , and stuffed it full of idiocy instead of hilarity .
Queen Latifah deserves a better vehicle than Taxi .
The film 's labored attempts at titillating sexiness is reminiscent of a mediocre Maxim magazine celebrity-skin spread .
Queen Latifah is a natural-born charmer , but there 's only so much she can do when paired with a costar so irritating it 's hard not to squirm when he 's on the screen .
Throughout this Americanization of the Luc Besson-scripted French hit , Latifah itches to check her watch , Fallon appears mortified , and only Ann-Margret mainlines any comic adrenaline .
Taxi serves up embarrassing evidence that even a ragged French original can be better than its American remake .
A surprisingly funny , female-driven romp -- as long as you do n't question too many plot particulars .
A formula picture , with enough laughs to get by .
Director Tim Story 's film has two speeds : pedal-to-metal and screeching halt . The former is guaranteed to make the audience carsick , the latter to give it whiplash .
Full of car chases , weak jokes and scenes so meandering they make Saturday Night Live look like a paragon of brevity and wit .
A rough , uneven ride .
All of this sounds like it just might be goofy enough to be funny , but no . It 's mostly one deadly misfire after another .
The kind of buddy film you get when 48 Hours is cloned so often that genetic deterioration turns it into shapeless protoplasm .
Has there ever been less chemistry between the stars of a ` buddy ' movie ?
A remake of a 1998 French film of the same name , Tim Story 's Taxi is a bland , half-finished film that seems to have been conceived as off-peak cable fodder .
The most embarrassing SNL vehicle since Pootie Tang .
We often hear about movie scenes and characters being left on the cutting-room floor . In the case of the would-be comedy Taxi , that 's apparently where all the laughs were left .
Giselle Bundchen is called upon to lean over in low-cut shirts and have long legs , both of which she does well . She is also called upon to act , which she does not do well .
-LSB- A -RSB- thoroughly repetitive , ill-conceived and poorly executed effort .
An action-choked dud in which even the closing outtakes barely deserve to be left on the cutting-room floor .
A completely inane buddy flick filled with flashy car chases , ridiculous situations , cheap self-help advice , unabashed mugging and a few good laughs .
An example of the sort of fun you can have when you 're not taking yourself -- or the job -- too seriously .
Taxi is n't quite a bad movie , but its slack comic timing may have you wishing they gave the Crown Vic a speaking part .
This comedy caper throws a little of everything into the mix with the predictable result that it winds up not being much of anything .
Despite some gratuitous , lingering shots of Bundchen with her scantily - clad cohorts and some equally heated , rubber-burning car chases through Manhattan , Taxi never really gets out of second gear .
A film that is wall-to-wall idiocy .
Ladies and gentlemen , we have a loser ! Taxi is officially -- from this viewpoint at least -- the worst movie of 2004 .
-LSB- A -RSB- dollar-bin action sitcom .
Cripes , it 's bad enough these Saturday Night Live guys recycle the same dumb ideas ; now they 're starting to look alike .
It 's not the worst film to come from a ` Saturday Night Live ' alum that left that show too soon to pursue their movie career , but it 's far from the best .
An action comedy in which the action is negligible and the comedy nonexistent .
Taxi can never seem to decide if it 's absurd by design or accident .
Jimmy Fallon 's big screen career may be over before it even gets started if his complete lack of screen presence in Taxi is any indication .
A spiffy-looking ride on a road to nowhere .
While Queen Latifah is irresistible , this movie is terrible .
Nothing really works here , from the ludicrous traffic choreography to the deeply irritating Fallon .






@highlight

Silly and unfunny remake of a French movie of the same name .