The wonderful thing about He Named Me Malala , a documentary made by the American Davis Guggenheim , is how much it tells us that we did n't know .
What 's in a name ? As He Named Me Malala posits , maybe nothing , until the rose chooses to embody what it means to be a rose .
HE NAMED ME MALALA feels really impersonal -LRB- despite Guggenheim 's attempts to eek out an engaging film -RRB- , and it does her story a major disservice as it succumbs to the male perspective it tries -- and fails -- to denounce .
-LSB- He Named me Malala -RSB- is barely 90 minutes long , but I could have watched more .
Guggenheim fails to shine a light forward , it 's a good thing Malala is there to speak for herself and for the hopes of new generations .
A beautiful , thought-provoking piece of film-making which demands to be seen .
A few too many shots of his subject receiving awards and meeting famous people , however Malala Yousafzai is an extraordinary woman and , no matter how her story is presented , it 's most definitely worth hearing .
Despite 's its perceived shortcoming , He Named Me Malala is still a powerful documentary that offers us a glimpse - but not a look - into the life of one extraordinary young lady .
Davis Guggenheim 's solid and moving documentary He Named Me Malala gives us the background of a story that shocked the world , but could have been more rigorously made .
It has the feel of a handsome classroom study aid , but nonetheless one every child -LRB- from nine to 90 -RRB- could learn from .
A gentle and very respectful documentary about Malala Yousafzai ... Through her story , director Davis Guggenheim highlights issues of free speech , universal education and how an inspirational teenager can change her world .
Guggenheim 's portrait of teenage Nobel Peace Prize laureate Malala Yousafzai is remarkable in terms of access to its subject 's life .
It 's as digestible as a book report , but not probing .
It ends with a hashtag because it knows its target audience would rather be pandered to with easy-chair pleasantries .
The most gratifying takeaway from He Named Me Malala is how ordinary Malala is shown to be , when she is n't lobbying the United Nations and visiting beleaguered countries .
It 's a shame that Guggenheim 's slickly produced documentary examines such an important and fascinating story with such underwhelming results .
He Named Me Malala tells an important and engaging story .
The film is an incomplete picture of a work in progress , but the teenager 's confidence , maturity , wisdom , and talismanic status in the world of global activism are undeniable even in the most uncritical moments .
An intimate portrait of the fearless young advocate for women 's education , He Named Me Malala is one of the significant films of the year .
He Named Me Malala is a deeply touching story of a proud father and daughter , who have drawn strength from each other in times of unimaginable pain and adversity .
Oscar-winning director Davis Guggenheim -LRB- An Inconvenient Truth -RRB- creates a riveting portrait of the youngest ever Nobel Peace Prize winner , Malala Yousafzai .
A rousing profile of the teenage Pakistani girl the Taliban tried to kill for her belief in education and equality ... one of the unintended pleasures is registering how Malala has become the worst possible nightmare to her failed murderers .
The film follows an idealized version of Malala and misses the opportunity of exploring lesser known aspects of her already well know and publicized story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The director 's critic eye is a key aspect of this great documentary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting and touching story that benefits from a fresh narrative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Davis turns his documentary a celebration of free thought , knowledge , integrity and the fight for freedom , all of which the world needs so much right now . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The best thing about the film is its truly heroic Pakistani teenager heroine and the few unrehearsed glimpses we get of her .
Where the film glows is its depiction of Malala 's relationship with her Dad , Ziauddin , himself an inspiring , influential and brave activist . `` He named her Malala '' after an important folk heroine , and together , they are something to behold .
He Named Me Malala will certainly make you think while making you smile , and that 's something any film can aspire to .
Guggenheim takes a wholly admiring view of Malala and her family , and you would n't want it any other way .
Without being innovative or particulary revealing , this documentary appeals to be empathic with the audience being very simple in its narrative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
He Named Me Malala is at its best when Malala herself is on screen : self-possessed , brave , smart and worth listening to .
The movie does n't do justice to Malala and her movement . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is the film 's gentle exploration of how its shy and endearingly modest subject coped in the wake of that chilling shooting that truly resonates with viewers of all ages -LRB- and walks of life -RRB- .
The easy intimacy of the family dynamic is the film 's big revelation .
It 's a hagiography . Malala undoubtedly deserves one . Audiences may crave something meatier .
Far too hagiographic in tone to really get beyond the media headlines , even as it follows her efforts to assimilate with her family into British culture after their relocation to Birmingham following the shooting in 2012 .
This cagey documentary portrait fails to do justice to its inspiring subject , Malala Yousafzai .
A delightful and inspiring portrait of a young woman who might just change the world .
The Taliban will never understand why this film was made , why it is being seen around the world , why it shows their inhumanity and why Malala 's influence , resolve and power is spreading
Two-times Academy award winning director Davis Guggenheim tells Malala 's moving story with a gentleness that counters its harsh elements
If this Nobel prize laureate is not a major world leader by the time she 's 30 , then there is something irreparably wrong with the world .
A charming film - Yousafzai is as endearing and funny as she is ambitious and brave - but also one with a vital message : how we raise kids matters .
Malala Yousafzai is a truly inspirational figure , a teenager who won the Nobel Peace Prize while still studying for her GCSEs in Birmingham , but she is n't especially well-served by Davis Guggenheim 's reverential documentary about her .
You get the feeling she 's only getting started And she 's not even twenty yet .
A communicative , accessible and ultimately inspiring picture of a young woman who 's an unlikely icon of hope for our times .
A fittingly poignant treatment of an inspiring subject .
The validity of her vital crusade - and by extension , the film 's practically short-circuit appeal to your heart and gut - is tough to argue with .
Guggenheim 's film is inspiring .
The best bits of the film show her trying to fit in with the girls at that school -LRB- where , she says , `` I do n't know if they like me '' -RRB- or kidding around at home with her father and her two impish brothers , who function as the film 's comic relief .
As a movie , it 's conventional . As an introduction to a remarkable young woman -- or a reintroduction , for those who have read Malala 's book or paid attention to the news reports about history 's youngest winner of the Nobel Peace Prize -- it 's powerful .
Though Guggenheim does lose focus in the latter half of the film , with it seeming a little rushed , for the most part he produces a rousing portrait of a young woman 's courageous stand .
Changing the world
The many faces of Malala emerge : smart , wise beyond her years , loving , playful , funny , fearless and a fighter . At the same time , it 's clear she 's also an ordinary girl who has risen to accomplish the extraordinary .
The best thing this eagerly inspirational new documentary has going for it is the famous title character herself .
Say hello to Malala Yousafzai , up close , out of depth , and ultimately , only at a glance .
This somewhat disjointed documentary is , nevertheless , uplifting and inspirational ... .
At once solid -- as concerns the basic story -- and disappointingly insubstantial -- as concerns creating a portrait of its famous subject .
A disappointment , clumsily constructed and more hagiographical than truly enlightening .
Despite the film 's manipulative tendencies , the courage and compassion of its subject is inspirational as it crosses geographic and cultural boundaries .
Guggenheim has mostly wasted a chance to tease out its deeper threads , but then maybe , at the level of folk hero , all you ever really are is a name .
The delightful thing is that Malala is too distinctive to simply stand on a pedestal for a do-gooder movie . Her quick , observant personality comes shining out of this project , as though eager to move past her biographer and get on with it .
As a documentary it 's lacking , but as a purely inspiring and motivational speech it 's invigorating and hopeful .
-LSB- Guggenheim -RSB- mostly seems determined to show how nice Malala is -- which feels disappointing , considering her work is all about girls refusing simply to be `` nice . ''
Malala is an awesome character in a film that feels mediocre and unsurprising , and much like a party political broadcast at times . A great shame , really .
Even as the critical part of my brain was working , I , too , found myself strongly affected by the words and actions of this teenage hero .
Guggenhiem has captured a beautiful , truthful portrait of an incredibly brave girl .
Although I do n't think Guggenheim 's documentary is a technical marvel , there is no denying its sheer power , centered in the heart and mind of a diminutive teenager .
A respectful , exceedingly professional work that feels like an assignment to get through . This is a real disappointment . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
The result is a film more educational than engrossing ; high schoolers should see it - the rest of us , maybe not .
While Malala 's saintly status is front and center , there are lingering , disquieting and incomplete issues all over the place .
If this one girl , who has been through so much , can continue to raise her voice to better the world , perhaps the rest of us should , too .
-LSB- He Named Me Malala -RSB- provides a delightful , profound and surprisingly funny insight into her life before , and later when she became a worldwide campaigner for girls ' education .
The chief draw here , of course , is Malala herself : an irrepressible , earnest voice for the oppressed .
Truly a remarkable person .
We get a few glimpses of Malala the hormonal teenager behind Malala the Nobel Peace Prize winner , but this rarely feels like anything more than a press junket in movie form .
The film is worthy , obviously , and it forces us to think about the prices paid by our unexpected heroes .
It 's quite a story , and if Guggenheim goes overboard in the telling of it , that 's perfectly understandable .
A closer look at the incredible journey-thus far -- of Malala Yousafzai ... a young girl , far wiser than her 18 years ...
He Named Me Malala repeats the well-known facts of Yousafzai 's history and offers little insight into the now 18-year-old teenager that exists behind the icon . Uplift is the film 's only goal .
A little suspense might have helped this well-meaning but toothless effort .
What we absorb from He Named Me Malala is the idea of the hero as a product of action rather than being .
`` He Named Me Malala '' works best when told simply in the words of Malala herself , both in private and in public .
Though polished and image-conscious , offering too little insight into the physical and psychological trauma suffered in the bullet 's wake , the film is nevertheless moving without resorting to saccharine overtures .
It 's impossible not to feel affection for and protective of this young woman .
Guggenheim is clearly in awe of her . By the end of `` He Named Me Malala , '' you may be , too .
This story does n't need any sort of gilding , just a certain amount of humanizing detail . The documentary He Named Me Malala provides enough of the latter that you can forgive its needless share of the former .
`` He Named Me Malala '' gets good marks as a laudatory piece about a genuinely valiant young woman , but it could use a modest dose of objectivity .
I ca n't wait to show this movie to my daughter . Perhaps more importantly , I also ca n't wait to show it to my sons .
Too busy prepping the standing ovation to sit and think about how the world got to this place and what needs to be done to save lives , then minds .
He Named Me Malala suffers from a lack of dramatic tension throughout .
Just like Malala , He Named Me Malala delivers its message with quiet power that makes it the most powerful and important film to be released this year .
Yousafzai is undoubtedly an inspiration , but Guggenheim 's attempts to make her more accessible to her peers -LRB- Malala struggles with math ! Malala has a crush on Roger Federer ! -RRB- render this doc about as insightful as her Wikipedia page and half as coherent .
` He Named Me Malala ' would have been a much-improved film if -LRB- director Davis -RRB- Guggenheim had been more objective and given us a fuller and deeper portrait of this extraordinary and exquisite role model .
While the film itself is plagued with structural storytelling issues that are at best emotionally numbing , at worst confounding , Malala 's inspirational spirit is undeniable , and the documentary allows that to shine through .
Such dramatic , awe-inspiring scenes are plenty in the film , but the dearth of the small moments , the everyday occurrences , places Malala higher and higher on Guggenheim 's pedestal , farther and farther out of reach for the rest of us .
Slick and superficial , yes . But inspiring and humanizing , too .
Malala 's undeterred fearlessness in the face of extremists should be applauded , and she is rightfully a model for young women around the planet . But ultimately , this amazing girl is underserved by an unremarkable , congenial and safe portrait .
Despite the film 's honorable intentions , it is less a portrait than a beatification , compiling evidence for its subject 's eventual canonization .
Malala Yousafzai is a worthy and fascinating subject , but Guggenheim 's documentary is a muddle , one which leaves a surprising amount of lingering negative impressions .
A forceful and exquisitely made piece of advocacy journalism .
Malala 's a smart , brave , charming young teen . Guggenheim obviously admires her . So why does he think a girl who faced down a gun barrel ca n't stand up to a provocative question or two ?
In the place of ... much-needed substance , we get filler in the form of wispy , pastel-colored animated segments .
So much in this movie sounds as if it 's well rehearsed that you 're not really sure what to take at face value .
A big screen heroine of astounding power swoops into theaters this week , caped in a hijab , a backpack full of books slung over her shoulder , a crooked smile the reminder of her fearlessness .
A surprisingly bright-spirited and profoundly moving portrait of Malala and -- a big and -- the father who named her after a national folk hero of Afghanistan , guided her education in Pakistan 's Swat Valley and set her on her fateful path .
Watching her in action , you understand why producers Walter Parks and Laurie Macdonald , who had planned to make a scripted biopic , met Malala , and decided that a documentary would be dandy .
He Named Me Malala is much more effective than any essay or political speech on the destructive nature of what the Taliban is attempting to do .
The slick , shallow result -LSB- movie -RSB- better suited for schools than the cineplex : The Malala who lets herself be captured here is to be admired and applauded , not identified with .
Malala functions less as a movie than as an audiovisual package-just another method of delivery for Yousafzai 's biography and cause , innocuous , information-packed , and utterly inessential .
A film looking for a reason to exist as a feature-length documentary and not as a '60 Minutes ' segment . It tries everything and still winds up feeling small and slight .
The story of Malala Yousafzai is so inspirational , you could n't make it up .
Easily , the best film of 2015 thus far !
The effect of the film 's animated sequences is to distance the viewer from real-life horrors -- another misguided attempt at turning recent history into instant myth .
Inspiring , deeply affecting docu explores teen icon 's life .
He Named Me Malala delivers a film worthy of its subject , a moving documentary look at an extraordinary young woman .
Director Davis Guggenheim , who made the Oscar-winning An Inconvenient Truth and the controversial Waiting for Superman , does some of his most heartfelt work in this tribute to Malala and her entire family .
Malala 's relationship with her father , Ziauddin , forms the backbone of the narrative -- which Guggenheim proceeds to needlessly complicate .
It 's about how a family can rise above oppression with humility .
An expectedly stirring portrait of the exceedingly smart and courageous Pakistani teenager who defied the Taliban and lived to tell the tale .
The film tries so hard not to preach that it loses focus . It 's a good instinct not to make this an issue movie , but it can still have focus .
It is worth the price of admission alone to watch this young woman tour the world , ticking off the Nigerian president over Boko Haram , holding forth with Obama and Oprah and the rest .
Slim but powerful ...

@highlight

He Named Me Malala spotlights a worthy subject , but without the focus her story deserves .