This is deeply moving , and I nearly wept .
The last 30 minutes of the story are overwhelmingly strong , blending human drama and social history into a series of extremely moving scenes , leading to a brief coda that 's as unexpected and audacious as anything seen on a movie screen in years .
Courtenay slowly works his way into the center of the movie 's sympathies . When he embraces his remaining family at the moment of his son 's execution , his sorrow seems boundless .
As the protagonist/victim , Eccleston gives a superb , riveting performance in his feature-film debut , as does Reynolds , another newcomer who deftly handles the role of the gun-crazy and trigger-happy Chris .
Let Him Have It is unabashedly weighted toward the perspective of the murderer as victim -- a notion that does not enjoy much public currency in our more violent times . But if ever there was a victim of the judicial system , it was Derek Bentley .
It 's the kind of resonant , controlled and moving film that is all but unmakeable in America today . More 's the shame .
The script , by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade , finds enough quirks in its protagonists to lift them above the issues-movie premise . Michael Kamen 's atmospheric chamber score is also crucial to the film 's success .
A chiaroscuro drama of unstoppable tragedy .
Fairness is n't the issue here , dramatic depth is : You do n't have to favor capital punishment to feel yourself being manipulated .
Let Him Have It is strongest in the human interest department and weakest as a thriller .
The sober , relatively uninspired account of a real-life crime that shook postwar London .
It does not follow that behind every great miscarriage of justice lies a great movie . Case in point : the well-intentioned but ultimately unsatisfying Let Him Have It .
This recreation seethes with quiet outrage , building , albeit slowly , to a climax that should put anyone who favours state retribution over rehabilitation to shame .
With drab-chic production , Christopher Eccleston 's marvellous central performance and a pop nostalgia soundtrack , the odious miscarriage of justice comes vividly to life to scandalise anew those unfamiliar with the true facts .
A superior docudrama about a famous 1952 English murder case .
It is straightforward and riveting , with an unexpected emotional power .
A stirring film which leads the viewer to empathetic resolve .
The picture never seems abstract or tendentious ; it 's always grounded in something real . Medak 's direction is sensitive and blessedly straightforward , and he does remarkable work with the actors .
Let Him Have It takes one of the most controversial murder trials in postwar Brit history and comes up with a powerful mix of social conscience and solid entertainment .
Medak 's film is an angry story told with great force by very fine actors .
Listen to Elvis Costello 's song `` Let Him Dangle '' and see this movie .
Solid little docu-drama .
This movie is so slow and artless that its message is n't given much power .
One of the best films on capital punishment ever .
Worthy in the best sense of the word .
Let Him Have It , which has been evocatively photographed by Oliver Stapleton , finds beauty in unexpected places .
Brilliant work from Peter Medak -- one of his top three or four films
In his reconstruction of the trial , Medak is unforgiving , showing a legal system less concerned with justice than with proving itself correct .
The movie 's social agenda takes over ; it becomes an editorial against the atrocity of capital punishment , and the personal details , the emotions , are obscured . As a result , the movie falls into two halves , and , therefore , is about half good .
The movie functions barely above docudrama , a mediocre TV-film effort .
Though the end result is a shocking and depressing wallop to your sensibilities , there 's no doubt that Let Him Have It will stick in your memory for years to come , just as a triumph like this should .
The first-time screenplay , by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade , is very good , and the performances are excellent all around , with kudos to Holman , Courtenay and especially Eccleston .






@highlight

Led by a gripping performance from Christopher Eccleston , Let Him Have It sounds a compelling call for justice on behalf of its real-life protagonist .