Visually , Burton is at his most Edward Gorey-esque in the austere , storybook Victorian land of the living , whilst his contrasting comic underworld summons the spirit of Poe , the personality of Harryhausen and the ephemera of his own back catalogue .
The Corpse Bride may be a bit too melancholy to find a real family audience , but for an adult who has n't quite given up on happily ever afters and strange goings on in the dark woods , it 's just the ticket .
Another Burtonesque blur of wise-guy nudging and romantic exhilaration
`` Better Off Dead '' would have been a better title choice for Tim Burton 's self-indulgently macabre attempt at creating an animated underworld of gleeful singing corpses .
There is a BEETLEJUICE-type of manic energy % u2014 a sense of imagination run riot that makes the film always worth watching , even when the story loses traction
A brilliantly animated , deliciously macabre and strangely touching triumph .
As fun as the film occasionally is , it just plays like a compilation of greatest hits .
Burton thinks in intuitive images , and there are sights here that I would love to have framed on my wall .
In the hands of another director , this material could have been dead on arrival , but for Mr. Burton it 's dead on .
Everything from the design to Elfman 's score suffers from a `` been there , done that '' feeling .
Burton definitely follows his own deliriously surreal path that may be more decipherable to a shrink than a movie critic .
Danny Elfman 's catchy songs are all but overwhelmed by Burton and Johnson 's visual embellishments .
If Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was Burton 's big picture for 2005 , this is his miniature .
Gloomy , but in a beautiful , compelling way . In fact , the visuals sell the film because the story is entertaining but extremely lightweight .
A quirky , artistic triumph .
... the visuals are so good and the voices so colorful , you probably wo n't mind the film 's minor shortcomings .
All in all , it 's what you would ordinarily call an uplifting experience .
There are wonderful voice performances all around ... and the animation , particularly of facial expressions , sets a new level of technical accomplishment ... but the humor in Corpse Bride feels underpowered ...
Divertida , romántica y con mucho más corazón que el resto de los filmes en cartelera , es simple y sencillamente un deleite que no puedes dejar pasar por alto .
After the bloated hit-and-miss feel of many of Burton 's recent live-action work it is a joy to experience this throwback to the glory days .
Nothing more than an 81-minute in-joke only two people in the world % u2014 Tim Burton and Danny Elfman % u2014 think is funny . But sometimes self-indulgence is the very thing that makes a filmmaker worth watching .
While not as groundbreaking or thematically complex as `` The Nightmare Before Christmas , '' Burton 's latest stop-motion animated film has moments of brilliance and a wonderfully sweet tone
This is another joyously morbid fairy tale from Tim Burton . The mock morbidity is a lot of fun , and it all comes to a heartwarming ending .
Fabulously innovative , Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride is a complex combo of fantasy and whimsy .
Delightfully ghoulish !
You 'd be hard pressed to find a film with this level of visual and storytelling potency this year .
Special mention must also go to Enn Reitel , whose performance as the Peter Lorre maggot inside Emily 's eye comfortably steals the entire film .
-LRB- ... -RRB- Una celebración original y festiva que confirma el bizarro talento de su creador .
Un hermoso cuento de amor brotado de la penumbra y un canto a la vida , venido desde la misma muerte .
A fairy tale with a morbid streak six feet deep .
The animation is pretty , but the film is D.O.A.
Even though Burton has fun with the never-ending Halloween of his imagination , he takes the emotions and desires of his characters seriously .
If you have a pulse , you 'll love it .
From a technical standpoint , this is a masterpiece . From a story standpoint , it is a beautiful tale with true heart and meaning . Musically , it is flawed .
It is a potent reminder of how dazzling stop-motion animation can be .
Would be a **** short .
I 've seen it all before already , in Nightmare -LSB- Before Christmas -RSB- ... It 's enough to make you wonder how limited Burton 's imagination might actually be ...
... fans of Burton and/or his -LRB- last -RRB- Nightmare will find plenty to love ...
It 's too late to call a script doctor . Give away Corpse Bride to the morgue .
The world of Corpse Bride is a fascinating and darkly beautiful one , but it suffers in comparisons to Nightmare .
Tim Burton so believably brings his worlds to life , with such a dark , dreamy and dazzling imagination , that we all but take for granted that he has taken us on some of the most delightfully absurd adventures of modern cinema .
The chorus line trips up the story line .
Passes for lightweight but slightly perverse family value entertainment .
Burton makes the combination of death and love feel natural and sweet .
Clever animation and storylines are always intriguing and entertaining . Add to that a terrific score by Danny Elfman , and I simply must insist that you see this movie .
Hear ye , Hear ye , get thee to ` Corpse Bride ' on the big screen while ye can .
This is at once a perfect depiction of a folk tale and a perfect Tim Burton movie .
Tim Burton has n't just forgotten how to tell a story -- he seems to have forgotten why he even started telling them in the first place .
The story is as weak as the visuals are stunning .
Burton and his crew have once again challenged the medium and come with something appealingly unique .
Corpse Bride continues a perfect marriage between Burton 's creativity and a technique rarely used for feature films .
In a movie in which the color is muted as close to black-and-white as possible , this bride is radiantly blue .
Burton revels in his own mad , inspired vision . It 's as if he screws off the top of his head and lets us peek inside .
It 's Burton by rote , a by-the-numbers idea of what a Tim Burton fairy tale should be .
Arise , you Tim Burton fans ! His genius walks -LRB- animatedly -RRB- among us !
Légèrement décevant mais imprégné de la touche Burton .
A malnourished effort at best , struggling to fill a mere 76 minutes by stretching its concept thinner than the skeletons that populate its stop-motion underworld .
They just keep going through the same things over and over again . The songs are forgettable .
Burton 's grand tale of romantic bereavement induces tears of laughter that are inseparable from tears of remorse .
Arguably Burton 's most self-assured turn behind the camera in ages .
All too often , Tim Burton 's movies feel like they 're covered in flop sweat , as if he 's trying too hard and worrying too much . By contrast , Corpse Bride is a cool breeze across the brow .
This is a death story that 's fun for the whole family . It 's typical Burton , and that 's what makes it so subversively fine ...
`` Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride '' is 76 minutes of Burton in his sandbox . He 's playing here , having fun , and for the most part , his efforts come through .
Death becomes her , but this should have been a live movie rather than a stop action animation film .
More so , other than being an astonishing feast for the eyes there is n't much here a person is likely to remember after they 've left the theater , none of the jokes or sight gags good enough to talk about latter standing at the water cooler .
At times this stop-motion animated feature is grotesque , even a bit creepy and scary -LRB- it 's probably a bit much for really young ones -RRB- . But it 's just as often achingly sweet , and features some grand , sweeping romantic notions .
-LSB- It -RSB- may be the purest expression of Burton 's comic-nightmarish neo-gothic vision so far . It also restores the venerable technique known as stop-motion animation to its rightful place as one of cinema 's greatest forms .
The storytelling may suffer intermittent rigor mortis , but this Corpse should enjoy a long afterlife .
They had the makings of something both deeply moving and tragic . Had the filmmakers put as much effort into storytelling as they did in the animation , that is .
It 's a fascinating and often amusing spectacle , if short on emotional depth .
It 's Tim Burton just as you expect him , and for most of his fans , that 's more than enough .
Beneath the bone pile of allusions , Corpse Bride is a darkly enchanting fable in its own right .
Whether you 're poring over the incredible detail of the images or losing yourself in the charming story , you 'll want to keep your eyes on the screen at all times .
The Corpse Bride 's hypnotic orbs suggest a Kim Carnes hit for Eurohorror fans : She 's got Barbara Steele eyes .
... lacks only a certain ookiness -- it does n't so much tickle the uneasy , conflicted underside of the human urge for extinction as turn it into a gag .
Visually beautiful ... but like the dead , it looks pretty good till the empty insides are exposed - the story just does n't have a lot of meat on its bones .
Based on a Russian folk tale , Corpse Bride makes for breathtaking viewing .
What makes Corpse Bride sing , ultimately , is the breadth of imagination that it demonstrates ; creating a cluttered , textured and mysteriously beautiful world that we 're loathe to leave at the end .
Corpse Bride has the look and feel of the best puppet show ever .
Corpse Bride is like cotton candy , spun to glisten by happy spiders .
The hand-manipulated characters move haltingly , yet the picture always flows , thanks to its engaging story , deft visuals and big heart .
Though not for the very young -- and certainly not preschoolers -- Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride is a highly inventive saga that clocks in at an impressively compact 77 minutes . You ca n't ask for more from such a delightfully grave love story .
By getting up to his old tricks , Burton has delivered an outré family film for this Halloween season , and it 's mostly a treat .
As in Nightmare , the stop-motion animators have created a vibrant world that 's densely populated with goofy creatures and morbid gags .
The sweetness , the visual flourishes and inspired pieces of casting carry the Corpse Bride , if not all the way down the primrose path , then at least across the threshold .
Corpse Bride is such a treat for the eyes , ears and funny bone that you feel cheated that it clocks in at less than an hour-and-a-quarter .
Corpse Bride suffers from the same problem that has plagued Burton 's recent live-action films : for all its formidable razzle-dazzle , it does n't engage the heart .
In a nutshell : Burton 's latest macabre puppet show is thoroughly enjoyable , if a little thin on story .
Amazingly fluid and drop-dead gorgeous , Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride is the best-looking , stop-motion animation film ever .
There 's a happy Halloween in store even for children who are n't allowed to trick or treat , and it 's courtesy of Tim Burton 's animated Corpse Bride .
Hoorah ! The boy 's done it again ... with a bit of help from mind-boggling takent ... - >
Corpse Bride is interesting and a change of pace , but it could have been better . ... It seems a rush job , a blueprint that needed more details added .
Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride has just about everything I look for in an animated feature : visual wit , high-flying displays of imagination and lots of rotting flesh .
Corpse Bride will win your heart , if it does n't rip it out of your chest first .
This Corpse rises to the occasion .
`` Corpse Bride '' is not a complete stiff , but merely a disappointment .
A bury good time will be had by all . ... let the skellebration commence !
Corpse Bride had me at the maggot .
Burton has rarely been in brisker , friskier form .
... an entertaining story that does n't mind playing things sinister , while keeping things light at the same time ...
Tim Burton fans will love this film . To them , it should be a religious experience .
Endlessly inventive and gruesomely fun , Corpse Bride is further proof that Burton 's imagination only has free rein when there are n't actual human beings in the picture .
Everyone in the movie ... is too something -- too tall , too thin , too round , too pointy , too trapezoid , even -- though always in the most delightful of ways .
Poignancy added to whimsy , brainy dialogue , great voice talent and a beautifully told story make Corpse Bride an animated , albeit dark , gem .
Burton has plumbed his spidery soul for a glorious vision of undead vixens , walking through the night as if every day were Halloween .
-LSB- Burton paints -RSB- death as a -LRB- literally -RRB- more colorful plane of existence than life , the ultimate subversive joke in a movie full of them .
It 's the unholy alliance of Jane Austen and Edgar Allan Poe . ... The voice work is first-class , the stop-motion work is delightful ...
If only there were more going on story-wise , Corpse Bride might deserve a better reception .
Corpse Bride is about as scary as eating a bowl of Count Chocula in the dark , but it 's also as much fun as chasing the sugary mush with Saturday morning cartoons .
There are those who will no doubt be charmed by this dark fairy tale , but it takes an effort to overlook its flaws .
A raucous danse macabre in jumping jazz rhythms ... and , perhaps most surprisingly , a touching portrait of tragedy , doomed love , empathy , and sacrifice .
Tim Burton 's stop-motion idea of a romantic comedy is dead on arrival .
The film is fanciful and whimsical , but only marginally entertaining . It 's the kind of movie you see , not the kind you see again .
Burton is left to make Corpse Bride into a visually appealing movie ... but it never has that special moment or feeling that can elevate the movie into greatness .
A goulishly enchanting love triangle with spectacularly spot-on voice talent ; every moment is filled with wonderfully witty caricatures and sly macabre humor .
We keep thinking , hoping , and praying that Bride will aim higher , but it never happens
In terms of technique , composition and film artistry alone , Corpse Bride qualifies as poetry in stop-motion .
Corpse Bride is n't merely eye candy ; it 's a masterpiece of motion , color and texture that never stops dazzling .
Corpse Bride is a delightful mix of strange goings-on and imaginatively crafted puppetry , a wild ride through Burton 's chaotic , splendidly original world .
Granted , the premise sounds like it could be some cult-movie bucket of blood destined for the midnighter circuit . But Corpse Bride is totally genial and perfectly charming : a family movie in the best sense of the term .
I was hoping to be bowled over as I was with A Nightmare Before Christmas but , alas , I was not .
Corpse Bride has the courage to address the lure of dead things as a rejection of established civility .
This one has many amusing bits , but it 's too macabre to be out-and-out funny , and feels unfinished .
Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride is easily the best stop-motion animated necrophiliac musical romantic comedy of all time . It is also just simply , wonderful : a morbid , merry tale of true love that dazzles the eyes and delights the soul .
This vibrantly imaginative mix of horror and humor puts the f-u-n in funeral .
The script tries to edge into the sort of spookily intriguing ideas fairy tales love . But Burton is more interested in grotesque gags than in the characters or the story , which is as cold and lifeless as a cadaver on a slab .
If Nightmare Before Christmas was a jazzy pop number , Corpse Bride is a waltz -- an elegant , deadly funny bit of macabre matrimony .
The movie is a bit betwixt and between -- whimsical but eerie , funny but melancholy . That said , Corpse Bride truly is like nothing else at the movies these days .
A sweet and visually lovely tale of love lost .
The film probably wo n't spawn a cottage industry at Hot Topic , but its angst-ridden story of love - romantic and platonic - is likely to resonate stronger with shoppers .
Another visually witty stop-motion animation piece that mingles the gleefully macabre and the sweetly sentimental ... a winningly lively treat .
A bouncy , enchanting family film , equally captivating on the levels of pathos , dialogue and visuals .
It 's not plotting but wit and affection that carry Corpse Bride through .
Petit Guignol as light and fluffy as a corner full of cobwebs ... with a light humor and real heart , or rather hearts , some of them actually beating
It does n't stink , but it 's a mere technical advance that pales next to Nightmare . The maggot 's a Jiminy Cricket manque . And it 's just not very animated .
Story and music are overshadowed by brilliant visuals .
Corpse Bride turns out to be a ponderous mixture of puppetry and animation that is far too technologically complex and laborious for this hopelessly Luddite reviewer .
I have n't looked forward to dying this much in a long time !
Sure to please the legions of kids who have bought every Jack Skellington item at their local Hot Topic .
Blessed with memorably iconic characters and a creative , if fairly predictable plot , Corpse Bride is quick , droll , and destined to be a perennial Halloween favorite .
... an enchanting wild ride through the land of the dead
Reeks of Burton-style , borne of a freakish place in the psyche that feeds on the underbelly of things that go bump in the night .
Thoroughly charming and visually spry , Corpse Bride has the stylish impishness that made The Nightmare Before Christmas such a devilish treat to behold .
Gothically beautiful but epically boring .
pretty good as disappointments go
Tim Burton is batting a thousand for 2005 .
The movie is so Burtonesque that it verges on self-parody -- but it 's fun and stunningly beautiful anyway .
If his The Nightmare Before Christmas from a dozen years back was a treat for the eyes and mind , Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride goes double or nothing by being a delight for the ears and also the heart .
Beneath the ghoulish in-jokes and horror-geek allusions , there 's a core of the same bittersweet truth that makes the best fairy tales resonate from one generation to the next .
Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride is a lush , modern valentine to old-fashioned sentiment , and to old-fashioned moviemaking , too .
As animated films go , this is easily the best of a weak year .
Corpse Bride offers unclassifiable enchantment .
Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride is an instant classic .
Stop-motion animation may be the hardest and most tedious job in Hollywood , but the makers of Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride deserve a couple of years in Tahiti celebrating their effort .
Good fun , with a slapstick flair .
Ghoulishness and innocence walk hand-in-hand in Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride , a movie that digs into Hollywood 's past to resurrect the antique art of stop-motion animation and create a fabulous bauble of a movie .
Corpse Bride is a wild , vibrant and somewhat romantically morbid trip through the afterlife .
It 's a perfect follow-up to `` Charlie and the Chocolate Factory ''
A serious contender for ` Best Picture . ' Or , at least , in a just world , it should be .
-LSB- Tim -RSB- Burton and co-director Mike Johnson have crafted one of the most visually unique films ever made .
With a lot of Dickens and a touch of The Brother 's Grimm , Tim Burton 's The Corpse Bride is very much a fairy tale -- clever and witty and melancholy -- and generally immensely entertaining .
Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride shows that imitation is the sincerest form of flattening .
Cheerfully macabre and unexpectedly soulful .
The Corpse Bride is Poe-try in motion
A rebuke to the current 3-D computer animated takeover of the field , and what a beautiful rebuke it is .
While the animation wizardry is eye opening , all the technical expertise in the world ca n't stop the film from feeling labored , and lacking some serious inspiration .
The season 's first unadulterated disappointment .
A melancholic , dulcet little ode to love and sacrifice .
Visually Corpse Bride has no problem achieving great heights , but where 's the character sparkle ?
An unexpectedly touching celebration of love told in a quirky and inventive style .
The film does have a fairy-tale aspect , but , like many of its characters , it is more dead and buried than fully alive .
A necrophiliac entertainment for the whole family to enjoy , Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride marks the director 's latest venture into the world of stop-motion animation .
First-rate escapist fun , it 's a whimsically wicked , delightfully quirky , ghoulish tale .
There 's enough gallows humor and skullduggery for perverse adults , while still maintaining an engaging experience that 's safe for young kids .
Corpse Bride is a rather unblessed union .
Corpse Bride '' has the same visual flair and devilish humor as `` The Nightmare Before Christmas , '' but it 's a much more charming film .
The script and vocal cast turn each character into a vivid bundle of nerves and longings .
Despite the predictability of the script , I got a little misty at the end .
As an achievement in macabre visual wizardry , Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride has to be reckoned some sort of marvel .
Easily the best animated work of the year , even if it is very light on morals and heavy on visual bedazzlement .
Like so many of Burton 's films , Corpse Bride is too much style , not enough substance .
Gives new meaning the the complaint , ` She just lies there like a corpse . '
A bittersweet fairy tale set at death 's door that salutes the liberating power of true love .
The variety of its cadaverous style is never less than inspired ; never has the human skull 's natural grin been redeployed so exhaustively for yuks .
It 's Oscar time : With its original characters , dark humor , haunting poignancy , and noirish whimsy , this film is as good as Nightmare Before Christmas , a sure Oscar contender
In the guise of a family film , Burton evokes a darkly erotic obsession that recalls Edgar Allan Poe and Hitchcock 's Vertigo . It would be a test for any filmmaker , and Burton aces it .
A wondrous flight of fancy , a stop-motion-animated treat brimming with imaginative characters , evocative sets , sly humor , inspired songs and a genuine whimsy that seldom finds its way into today 's movies .
This macabre musical about a young bridegroom who mistakenly weds a girl from beyond the grave is an endearingly schizoid Frankenstein of a movie , by turns relentlessly high-spirited and darkly poignant .


@highlight

As can be expected from a Tim Burton movie , Corpse Bride is whimsically macabre , visually imaginative , and emotionally bittersweet .