Furthermore , the film lazily utilises a fake documentary format that only seeks to highlight how much better the story was told in The Price of Gold .
The only thing that mattered was the sensational story . This film let us truly see and decide for ourselves how to make sense of it all .
Believe me , it pains me to say this as someone who 's firmly Team Nancy , but Harding does n't deserve this .
I , Tonya may be touted for its dark sense of humor , but beneath its -LRB- frequently quite literal -RRB- punchlines lives an unsettling horror film .
... a bizarre peek into the motivations and misrememberings of a speeding train about to derail ... does n't ask for forgiveness , only some understanding of what a talented person without privilege was up against from the very beginning .
Neither Gillespie nor writer Steven Rogers has the sensibility to lucidly , subtly navigate the black comedic tone for which they reach .
The film is as much a snapshot of American hypocrisies as it is a diligent portrayal of a gifted figure skater trapped by her impoverished social circumstances and abusive relations with the people closest to her - namely her mother and her husband .
It 's a condescending , exploitative piece of awards bait that desperately tries to disguise its lack of insight through mocking self-awareness .
... an experience that 's both hilarious and dramatically satisfying ; an unconventional biopic full of great performances ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Margot Robbie gets into the skin of Tonya Harding in a performance forced to transcend the physical . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I , Tonya adopts the right tone to relate the factual tale of the whacked kneecap , spinning it in a darkly comedic direction .
With a wildly-entertaining story and an outstanding cast , Craig Gillespie 's I , Tonya succeeds wonderfully as a compelling biopic about the rise and disgraceful fall of the titular figure skating star .
Gillespie 's film in a breath of fresh , icy air , in the midst of so many serious and emotionless films that only seek to win prizes . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... an exciting two hours . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This will go down as one of the best modern sports movies . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... Australian Margot Robbie is great in her role . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gillespie has imbued his film with black humour , while never undermining the authenticity of the characters or detracting from the abuse that runs through the story .
We , as spectators , are witnesses of this freak-show of an unfortunate but talented redneck who had everything to win but who , in reality , was born to lose . -LRB- Review in Spanish -RRB-
Superb performances by Margot Robbie and Allison Janney elevate this funny , yet superficial account of Tonya Harding 's rise and fall from profesional figure skating . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Margot Robbie slips into the role with ease , able to give nuances and credibility to the character . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The portrait of an extraordinary athlete who made a bad decision is valuable , as it contrasts women 's generalized representation in cinema : That of ideal , exemplary women who never make mistakes . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... Allison Janney gives us the performance of her life . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Craig Gillespie has fun with the characters , the era and a general air of insouciance Harding injected the prim world of figure-skating with .
If Michael Bay 's Pain and Gain had a little more restraint and humanity it might have played like I , Tonya .
A great unexpected dark comedy that entertainingly demonstrates how all narratives are biased .
While Harding is represented by Robbie as rude and unrepentant , the film makes clear where her rage comes from , highlighting the class prejudice in the heart of the world of skating ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Allison Janney 's -RSB- undiluted unsentimentality is the perfect compliment for a sporting underdog movie that disobeys the rules .
Robbie is utterly compelling as Harding . Her rendition is one of great depth , veneration and detail ... I , Tonya offers an ambiguous and complex account of what really happened - or at least , what each person thinks really happened .
As happens in Hollywood , Robbie is taller and lovelier than her subject , but she beautifully captures Harding 's wide-eyed yearning to excel despite forbidding odds . When she lands the triple Axel , her sheer exultation is infectious .
Craig Gillespie directs with all the subtlety of a baton-wielding thug but has made at least one brilliant decision in casting Margot Robbie , who is practically a machine for generating empathy .
Despite the heavy subject matter , I , Tonya overflows with an unexpectedly infectious and uproarious energy , manifested in jazzy , kinetic edits and inventive visual and narrative flourishes .
Everything is credible , exciting and sordidly funny , thanks to staging that plays well with brilliant , daring editing and exceptional female performances . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Perhaps the most impressive thing about this biopic is that the most unlikely details were even more ridiculous in real life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Margot Robbie achieves one of her best performances to date ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Robbie is superb as Harding , a raw , determined young woman whose chippiness makes her hard to like . And Allison Janney 's LaVona is a wonderful creation , a banal monster who gasps oxygen through a nasal tube while smoking furiously .
Robbie , who produces as well as stars , is to be congratulated on making one of the few Oscar contenders that can be watched and enjoyed rather than endlessly analysed .
Featuring multiple unreliable narrators , a cast of gotta-love - 'em white-trash scoundrels and a script that would bring a blush to the cheek of a sailor , the film is essentially GoodFellas on Ice .
Robbie never plays her as a victim . Instead she invests her with all the determination and grit of a born survivor who takes all the blows and still comes out fighting .
Characters skate around the truth with almost as much dexterity as they do the ice rink
Whatever your views on the US in general and Harding in particular , you 'll leave this cheering for Margot Robbie . Bravo !
Sharp , funny and alarmingly entertaining , this real life ice skating drama scores highly for artistic interpretation and technical accomplishment .
This is the best movie of the year , yes I said it , I 'm coming hot out of the gate here . It 's funny , compelling , and there are so many things in this movie that reasonate so deeply as true , that I ca n't possibly cover them all .
It leaves a sense of several stronger movies half-buried beneath a mish-mash of the poignantly heart-rending and the outlandishly farcical , and just about salvaged from mediocrity by its one sensational turn .
It 's terrible to watch a young woman becoming so conditioned to expect abusive behaviour from those closest to her , yet this film is also very funny . Somehow , it even extracts laughs from the domestic violence .
A furiously engaging movie that features Margot Robbie in an ice rink , Margot Robbie at the action end of brutalising domestic abuse and , most significantly , Margot Robbie transforming fourth-wall breaking into a nearly sublime art form .
She 's as devious , calculating and horrible as the rest of them - and Margot Robbie 's performance treads the fine line between our sympathy and judgement perfectly .
Gillespie does n't pull any punches in Harding 's abuse , but at the same time he often seems to play it for laughs , trivialising it with humour and fourth-wall breaking asides that undermine its horror .
There 's some talking to camera , some breaking of the fourth wall , and a lot of ugliness and unfunny violence , played for laughs , which leaves an unpleasant aftertaste .
One of those rare films that gets better as it continues .
Compellingly stumped by its own heroine , the film simply ca n't make its mind up about Tonya Harding . If it did , it would n't get away with being such a blast .
What does emerge from every account is that Tonya Harding was a force of nature , single-minded , very tough and always ready to keep on fighting , even if she had the fatalistic view that people from her background simply were n't allowed to become winners .
A good story , told with flair if not finesse .
-LSB- Margot -RSB- Robbie 's sympathetic yet complicated performance imbues it with truth and pathos .
Whatever about Tonya Harding feeling hard done by , spare a though for Margot Robbie . In another year she 'd slide through awards season and scoop up every gong going .
Robbie and Janney are flawless in a compelling and corrective account of a misunderstood figure ; one of the more darkly funny biopics you 'll ever see .
Gillespie 's flippant biopic leans too heavily into lightness . Not only does it remain oddly silent on Kerrigan , but it feels flippant about domestic abuse ...
An incredible real story ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... -LSB- director Craig -RSB- Gillespie 's latest cinematic release fails . With images of women being hit painted as humorous , the film speaks volumes with regards to Hollywood 's attitude towards violence against women .
A film that offers so much more than just ` the incident ' .
Robbie plays Harding from her teenage years through to her forties , moving between her naïveté as a young woman to her frustration as a competitor in the big leagues with poise .
Like Tonya on the ice , this vicious black comedy is lean , mean and hard to take your eyes off .
I , Tonya celebrates Harding 's talent and admires her rebellious spirit but hides behind its humour as her hard-knock life becomes an irreverent , entertaining patchwork .
I , Tonya wears its complete disregard for the truth quite proudly and is still probably a better portrait of the reality than anything we saw in the news at the time .
A rather perceptive little film about the creation - and eventual destruction - of an Olympic athlete .
... Steven Rogers ' -LRB- Hope Floats , P.S. I Love You -RRB- screenplay is masterful ...
Above all else , Margot Robbie is the reason the film should be seen .
... asks a lot of tough questions about class in America , even as it takes the same mocking tone that it accuses the media of taking as the scandal unfolded .
Everything about I , Tonya feels too broad and glib to connect with anything real .
Tonya 's hardships were depicted with straightforwardness ; however , the film 's narrative was not so effective , perennially wobbling between the cheaply dramatic and the absurdly comic .
Margot Robbie gives an incredible performance as Tonya .
The mostly true story of ice skating 's most striking woman . The terrific movie I Tonya , nominated for three Oscars this year , does n't strive to tell the truth so much as to explore different truths .
... the movie benefits substantially from Robbie 's immersive turn as the far-from-likeable central character .
In a superlative movie , the performances , the dialogue and the character development are memorable .
Surprisingly , `` I , Tonya '' works so well because writer Steve Rogers and director Craig Gillespie establish a winking , ironic , darkly devilish tone from the opening scene and never let go .
I , Tonya invites us to understand the white-trash winter wonderland that was this young woman 's reality - a place , you could say , where she could n't win for losing ... I , Tonya has a great feel for the tattered fringes of the American Dream .
Central to I , Tonya is Robbie 's masterful performance as Harding . If nothing else , it 's worth watching for that alone .
Bubbling up through Harding 's tale is the prejudice imposed upon her because of her lowly class ... This gives the film a sharp , if unintended , topicality by identifying one form of 21st-century bigotry that attracts curiously little attention .
At its heart , this film asks its audience to accept a contradiction , which it sells with a knowing wink and rather successfully .
There is much to admire about I , Tonya but it is also a very gruelling experience to undertake .
-LSB- Margot -RSB- Robbie embraces her role completely , displaying much intensity and strength . She ditches her usual glamorous image for one that is crude and crass .
Thanks to sharp writing , the talents of Robbie and Janney , and , at heart , compassion for its subject , I , Tonya is frequently hilarious , crucially revealing and resoundingly enjoyable .
As an exploration of class and societal culpability , I , Tonya proves as smart as the questions it poses .
The losers are the winners and will always have our sympathies . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I , Tonya has a dangerous fizz . The drama is n't cheapened by comedy , and the comedy does n't undermine the drama .
This offers fine work from Robbie , Janney , Stan , Hauser and Bobby Cannavale .
A broader biopic than you may be expecting ... very , very funny , but also moving and tough ... That 's the kind of movie this is : not the kind you think , to its absolute credit .
Even if you know what 's coming in I , Tonya , this energetic biopic on disgraced Olympian figure skater Tonya Harding still packs surprises .
For all the tabloid-baiting , trailer-trashing high-jinks recklessly commemorated here , there is also a subtle sense of sorrow conveyed about the wasted lives these events chewed up and spat out .
The movie is a wildly entertaining if imperfect telling of the unlikely champion from the wrong side of the tracks and the violent 1994 incident that would go on to define her life .
Maybe that 's the fate this tragedy deserves : Tonya Harding wishes she was n't a punchline , and yet her big-screen redemption plays like a big joke .
I , Tonya is a three star film buoyed by a couple of five star turns .
An alternately delightful and heartbreaking mockumentary romp of a biopic , I , Tonya features a mesmerizing performance by Margot Robbie .
Largely unknown actor Paul Walter Hauser nicks the back half of `` I , Tonya '' as portly Gillooly goon and Harding bodyguard Shawn Eckhardt .
... the result is a thoroughly entertaining and strangely thought-provoking watch .
A mix of dramatized documentary and hilarious black comedy , I , Tonya is a bitter sweet biopic , with the most and funniest potty mouth dialogue in years .
Savagely black , hilariously funny and peppered with an underbelly of pathos , I , Tonya may not deliver the whole truth , but there is no denying the version it presents is wonderfully entertaining .
I , Tonya is brash and stirring , all while reflecting sympathetically on this woman 's blinkered , bruised life .
A surprisingly funny faux documentary with obvious affection for its beleaguered namesake , I , Tonya does what 25 years ago seemed impossible : It makes the derided and even despised Tonya Harding empathetic and human .
Speeds along like a graceful figure skater at the top of her game , delivering an entertaining performance that scores high marks both technically and artistically . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , Sex , etc. - also Available -RRB-
I , Tonya is a depressing tale . Yet , as superbly acted by a fine cast and confidently directed by Gillespie , it 's a weirdly entertaining and even quite tragic story .
I , Tonya is a wild and entertaining exploration of one of sport 's most controversial figures , spearheaded by excellent performances from the cast .
There has n't been a piece of warped Americana this ugly since the 2003 documentary Capturing the Friedmans . Harding 's humanity means less to the filmmakers than does the possibility of her guilt .
A surreal and sympathetic portrait of the Olympian skater .
The cast is brilliant . Margot Robbie , who learned to skate for the film , nails Harding , while Golden-Globe winner Allison Janney is an acerbic marvel as her mother . Sebastian Stan gives a mostly understated performance as Gillooly .
This movie is so compelling . I laughed , I cried , it 's really well written .
What I , Tonya does even more beautifully than telling Harding 's story is how it shines a light on the ugliest aspects of human nature .
Finding the human stories underneath what could have easily been caricatured characters , the film also serves as an indictment of each and every one of us who tune into train wreck television , enjoying the shame and suffering of others as entertainment .
... I , Tonya really only works because of the sure , merciless strokes in which it sketches its main characters .
It did n't live up to what I thought it could hold , but the performances certainly -LSB- did -RSB- . I think Margot Robbie is looking at an Oscar nomination .
I love this movie .
... -LSB- I , Tonya -RSB- has offered Margot Robbie the chance to solidify herself as a great actress . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not just a fake biopic , a totally fake biopic !
The movie -LRB- is structured -RRB- as purposefully corrupt , darkly comic storytelling , boldly bridging the vast gap between soapy trash and an Akira Kurosawa cinema classic .
The best US indie film of 2017 .
... has a snarkiness that makes me suspicious of it as an empathetic exercise .
Director Craig Gillespie has put together quite a film .
-LSB- Robbie -RSB- transforms what could easily have been just another grotesquerie in a grand guignol into a fully rounded , albeit unsympathetic , character .
A frequently hilarious pitch-black comedy about child abuse , domestic violence , athletic talent , bad decisions and whacking a skater on the knee .
Gillespie and Rogers have crafted a funhouse mirror of America - the film works as contemporary allegory .
As wacky as the movie 's tone often is , I Tonya delivers a scathing look at gender and class politics , and the hypocritical fantasyland of professional sports .
Regardless , this is the best figure skating movie ever made -LRB- sorry , Blades of Glory -RRB- , even if it 's more likely to inspire little girls to flip the bird than take to the ice .
Unfortunately , the film never finds its tone , dithering between ironically sympathizing with Tonya and condescending to her .
Though it 's irresistibly funny and filled with insane -LRB- but true -RRB- details , this is ultimately a sad story about a woman who was mistreated from day one .
... reveals a complex , remarkable athlete who , through her experiences , indicts unfairness in personal and public arenas .
-LSB- Margot -RSB- Robbie 's screen presence makes her seem , at first blush , more suited to play Kerrigan . But just a few minutes into I , Tonya , I found myself captivated by the anger and blunt physicality that define Robbie 's performance .
Gillespie 's movie glides like a drunken skater , contained but changing direction with each tangent and tantrum .
I , Tonya 's transparent use of those `` wildly contradictory '' interviews from the leads - recreated throughout the film to provide context and narration - also provides an interesting ambiguity to its `` based on a true story '' status .
... while the film does n't land a triple axel , it 's safe to say it does n't go splat face-first into the ice , either .
I do n't know how to sort out my feelings about the real Harding , but Robbie and Janney are working at peak form , and I 'll tell you this , as well : I , Tonya made me think about all the Tonyas in our culture .
If a movie is provocatively challenging the audience 's own prejudices , it helps to have a solid cast . Robbie has as much brass as Harding when it comes to taking on the challenge of fleshing out a character .
While Robbie -LRB- `` Suicide Squad '' -RRB- does n't really resemble Harding physically , she embodies her scrappy , foul-mouthed spirit , and her sense of alienation . She may not look like Harding looks , but she looks like Harding felt .
What makes it bearable , and maybe even too pleasurable given its cruel content , is Margot Robbie 's unrelenting , unpredictable , and entirely uncompromising performance , summarized in three words that capture Harding 's truth : IN YOUR FACE !
This is not complexity ; this is trying to have it both ways .
I , Tonya has no right to be as good as it is .
Scene by scene , it made me laugh , cringe , get angry , upset , confused , enlightened , entertained , almost tearful and awed .
`` I , Tonya '' turns her tragedy into triumph .
Margot Robbie just about lands a triple Axel in a dazzling performance as maligned skater Tonya Harding . Mom -LRB- Allison Janney -RRB- glides easily into some dark places , too .
I , Tonya works hard to make Harding sympathetic , especially compared to her abusive husband -LRB- Sebastian Stan -RRB- and monstrous mother -LRB- a costume-y Allison Janney -RRB- , but I just felt bad for Nancy Kerrigan all over again .
In an excellent , Oscar-worthy performance , Margot Robbie steals the screen as Tonya .
It is , in truth , very much worth seeing ... for the most obvious reasons . Quite predictably , Robbie as Harding and Janney as her mother are tremendous .
A much ado about nothing movie , I , Tonya retells the true-life tale of the assault on skater Nancy Kerrigan in the winter of 1994 .
I , Tonya seems to implicate the viewer in Harding 's cultural abasement , rhetorically asking : It should 've been about the skating , but you did n't really care about that , did you ?
Robbie dives into the role like she 's fearlessly attempting a triple axel . It 's a rangy role that could have fallen into parody , but Robbie seems to hold a genuine affinity for Harding . This movie would not be what it is without that .
For the most part , Gillespie 's vibrant filmmaking matches the sheer insanity of the story , a tale which combines a sport that -LRB- by design -RRB- tends towards melodrama , a soupçon of class warfare and the rise of tabloid TV .
Margot Robbie does n't much resemble the real Harding but plays the role with gutsy brio .
-LSB- I , Tonya -RSB- wants to show the abuse , but suggest that it maaaybe did n't happen that way . To have fun with Tonya and her grotesque mother and her husband 's dim-witted friends and then judge us for judging them .
It is , for much of its running time , undeniably entertaining .
-LSB- Craig -RSB- Gillespie 's film is a hilarious , heartrending masterpiece -- a comedy , tragedy and drama of Shakespearean proportions with teased hair and sequins .
A brutally honest and caustic treatise on the meaninglessness of truth and identity in a media landscape that can only see in binary , I , Tonya starts with a cough and ends with bloody spittle .
Fierce , jaw-dropping
The movie 's level of confidence and style immediately blows the preconceptions away .
Traces a line from mid - '90s scandal to the scum-encrusted sociopolitical hellscape in which we find ourselves . With head-butt aggression , `` I , Tonya '' addresses insidious issues of class , gender and willful delusion that curdle contemporary culture .
The movie is unforgettable , even though you may want to rid your mind of these people as quickly as possible .
Built on superb performances from Margot Robbie and Allison Janney , it 's a warts-and-all portrait of Harding , but one that is also disarmingly sympathetic and revealing .
I , Tonya , is a solid attempt , largely thanks to Margot Robbie 's portrayal of a very human , very sympathetic Tonya .
We never fully empathize with Tonya because she never fully gains our trust ; her smiles could be leers , her obvious need for attention is tempered by a resentment over loss of control over her image .
Another manic mother comes forward in Allison Janney 's charismatically assured , unsentimentally sewer-mouthed mom to Margot Robbie 's gloriously vivid Tonya Harding in Craig Gillespie 's brutal , funny , biting , cutting , kicking , snarling I , Tonya .
Banned for life , but she was never boring .
There are many meaningful lines in Craig Gillespie 's self-aware and very funny biopic .
Crucially , -LSB- Margot -RSB- Robbie masters the mousy Harding 's crumpled grimace-a mask made of intense chutzpah doing battle with bottomless self-pity .
Robbie is taller , bigger than the tiny , fierce Harding , but she gets the athlete 's forward drive , and the anger that seemed to fuel the dynamo , and when life hands Tonya lemons , Robbie sets her jaw and bears down .
Director Craig Gillespie deftly creates a story full of humor , suspense , and revelatory events , the latter involving such high stakes some viewers may find themselves gasping , cheering , and applauding as if they 're , well , attending a sporting event .
Robbie , Sebastian , and especially Janney nail their roles .
There is a good film to be made about Tonya Harding , a tragic figure who was unfairly branded `` trailer trash '' and subsequently shunned from the hoity-toity world of figure skating . This is not it .
It 's not like modern cinema is so bloated with postmodern autocritiques of biopic storytelling that this feels anything but striking and unique .
It 's puzzling why Gillespie opted to retell Harding 's off-told story , but with big assists from Robbie and Janney , he makes it seem new .
A stunning performance by Robbie that should gain her a Best Actress nomination . Who could beat Janney 's fearless , cruel performance in the Best Supporting category ?
Robbie gives a commanding comic performance , playing Tonya as a force of talent , determination , spunk and rotten choices . Janney is caustic gold as the swearing , chain-smoking , horrid LaVona .
It 's still early in the career of Margot Robbie , but Tonya Harding will go down as her current performance to beat , and much like pulling off a triple axle , it wo n't be easy to surpass .
Like its plucky anti-heroine , I , Tonya is full of grit and determination , enough to make it where pedigree , decorum and odds are stacked in opposition .
When Hollywood pays attention to blue collar notoriety , there are inevitable accusations of snobbery . But I , Tonya has the ring of absurd truth . The Coen brothers could n't come up with a better idiot-criminal story .
At its core , the film examines performative femininity , toxic masculinity , and the deep-rooted misogyny inherent in both .
Gillespie 's insistence on comedy in place of what 's largely missing from the film - perspective , pathos - falsely energizes the story . It 's sped up but feels hollow . A spinning compass whose needle is about to snap .
Robbie is amazing in the role , but the main attraction in the movie has to be Allison Janney as Tonya 's mother , LaVona .
I , Tonya is kitschy and smart and funny and insightful , and sometimes sobering .
You will find yourself kind of hating yourself for chuckling , but it is part of the experience and conversation .
Robbie delivers a performance that is breathtaking to behold , almost to the point of exhaustion .
Takes a rather sordid episode and turns it into a film of goofy humor leavened with some serious drama and a touch of heart .
A pointed satire on athletic ambition and class conflict that 's fueled by a biting sense of humor and a couple of knockout performances .
With a less compelling lead performance , the movie 's dodgy limitations and flashy , facile editing and cross-cutting might 've proven insufferable .
Robbie ... captures both Harding 's radiance and the vulnerability of her frayed edges . It 's a great performance that can make the movie feel better than it actually is .
The movie is a pitch-black comedy , told with a wink and a smirk by unreliable narrators , who include Harding , her mother , and her husband - all presenting self-serving versions of the truth , often standing in arch contrast to the images we are shown .
The movie feels at odds with itself , chiding the audience for disrespecting Harding 's underprivileged background while at the same time chock full of sight gags sniggering at poor people .
The film softens the bouts of cruelty with an abiding sense of humane , if absurdist , comedy , smoothing out the tonal shifts that may have you gasping in horror one minute and laughing the next .
Who would have ever imagined Tonya Harding as the subject of a great movie ?
Every risible moment exposes the filmmaker 's class , race and gender contempt-it 's camp on ice and the farthest thing from the gay sensibility that contemporary Hollywood sorely lacks .
Tonya Harding 's familiar scandal makes for an unexpectedly fine black comedy with sensational performances from every member of its cast .
Robbie anchors the film with her whole-hearted , emotional performances , making it an entertaining portrait of one of sports ' most notorious figures .
That the film delivers as many laughs as does insight into such a unique tragedy of errors is testament to its deft balancing act and willingness to not ignore , but engage the contradictions .
A black comedy about domestic violence , parental abuse , and low self-esteem -LRB- and it works ! -RRB- , one that challenges our appreciation of how true based-on-fact might be .
It is a very civilized film about uncivilized people , with flashes of comedy and a good deal of pathos . There is little question it comes down on the side of Tonya Harding , but even less that audiences will do the same .
This is a very entertaining film about a very dysfunctional family , and a truly fascinating pair of women , Tonya and her mother LaVona . This is one messed up bunch of people , but they are also the stuff of which great stories are made .
`` I , Tonya '' is not only a great American satire , but a revisionist take on an athlete that plays something like `` Rocky '' derailed by `` The Gang That Could n't Shoot Straight . ''
Robbie may not be perfect casting as the rough and ready Harding , but her fierce and generous performance gives Harding a measure of sympathy and grace , even when the movie around her does n't seem to want to .
Tonya 's been a punching bag for everyone , including the public . And yes , the film implicates us in that . But her defiance grows with every heckle , including her mother 's .
I , Tonya is a very complicated story that will have our hearts pulled in five different directions at once . We 'll laugh , cry , and be angry on her behalf . And most of all , we 'll feel guilty .
This remarkable movie-factual and funny , always surprising and unconventionally written , directed and acted-sets the record straight with an adrenalin rush that overwhelms the senses .
It 's difficult to stay engaged in a work that has so little regard for its subjects .
I , Tonya takes a sympathetic look at Tonya Harding 's life without glossing over the unpleasant parts of her personality ; it does n't try to excuse her bad behavior , but it does try to understand what led her to behave that way in the first place .
One of the wildest , wackiest and most unexpectedly entertaining films of the season
Wickedly funny and heartbreakingly dark , I , Tonya ... unearths an antihero whom viewers will find themselves rooting for .
Terrific acting and skating -LRB- by Robbie herself ! -RRB- ; good , tight directing ... if you enter the picture with a preconceived notion of Tonya Harding , this will be an eye-opening experience . Hauser 's performance as a witless villain sparkles .
`` I , Tonya '' inspires a singularly unique emotional response . Viewers will laugh heartily at the decidedly dark humor , but they will also experience pangs of guilt for uncritically accepting the media 's demonization of Harding .
It 's a true balancing act , a tragic comedy in every sense of the term , and it only works as well as it does because Robbie seems possessed with the sort of deep , emphatic connection with the real-life Harding that allows actors to disappear into a role .
I , Tonya is one-of-a-kind and definitely rough around the edges , dressed up to awkwardly fit in with the more traditional award season contenders . There 's all the ambition , progressiveness , and danger of the triple axel .
Robbie makes Tonya so sympathetic that it 's easy to gloss over the film 's major flaws .
An intended black seriocomedy curdles into garish burlesque . The biopic becomes the biohazard .
... puts a powerful , post-Monica-Lewinsky-TED-Talk spin on the concept of public shaming .
The year 's best sports movie is not about football or baseball , soccer or boxing ; it 's about figure skating and has enough chills to call it a thriller .
An uneven biopic that 's both violent and funny , and , in the end , surprisingly moving .
I , Tonya aims for a different kind of retroactive justice . Gillespie and Rogers argue that Kerrigan actually had chances to shine on an international stage that Harding never got .
The film is periodically enlivened by some of the supporting players , including Paul Walter Hauser as Shawn Eckhardt , the supposed mastermind of the Kerrigan assault whom the movie depicts as a world-class schlub .
Fact-based dark comedy has strong language , domestic abuse .
As a story , it 's a frenzy , bizarre even by today 's standards , and when Gillespie includes clips of the real-life participants , it 's almost a shock that it was n't fictional .
-LSB- David Gillespie -RSB- has no qualms about ridiculing her larger-than-life family members , but portrays Tonya as an innocent victim , which turns out to be a lopsided , even dull take on this fascinating tale .
-LSB- A -RSB- surprising movie that will make you laugh while your heart breaks a little for Tonya Harding .
With its black comedy/raw drama blend , Robbie 's gritty , stellar performance plus Janney 's Medea of a mom , I , TONYA proves to be one hellava holiday on ice .
`` I , Tonya '' is a lot of things , but cohesive is n't one of them , and while it entertains in fits , it 's a viewing experience that 's only skin-deep .
Absurdly funny but tragic fictionalized ice-skater biopic based on a true story .
... what Rogers and Gillespie have smartly perceived is ... a ravaging class divide which many aspects of American society ... both exploit and encourage ...
Grounded by its documentary style ... I , Tonya makes for a fresh take on the biopic/sports genre while audiences are able to learn more about what led Harding down her path .
If you 're still not convinced that Margot Robbie is more than just a beauty , I , Tonyashould do the trick . I could n't take my eyes from the screen . Cheers to everyone who collaborated on this first-rate film ... and a deep bow to Margot Robbie .
Destroyed yet defiant , Robbie walks the emotional tightrope of the most fabulously , tragically American film of the year .
Surprisingly sympathetic , grounded , and insightful .
There 's a surprising depth to `` I , Tonya , '' too , as the sheer resilience of Harding stirs .
A riveting , impressively detailed , frequently hilarious look at a unique form of American idiocy - namely , the misguided belief that it 's easy to get away with bad behavior when the spotlight is shining on or near you .
Shows Tonya was a fighter , and she still is .
Impressive in its own right , `` I , Tonya '' offers an antidote to those feel-good films about innately noble athletes who manage to triumph over impossible odds .
I , Tonya takes greater risks with the biopic genre than any other in recent memory , and it 's remarkable how much of it lands upright . It 's the triple axel of based-on-true-story movies .
Margot Robbie stars as Tonya Harding , and she lights every firecracker at her disposal , giving a truly explosive performance inside a movie that merely pops .
Nobody was asking for a film about a trashy tabloid tale from long ago , but everybody is applauding it now .
-LSB- W -RSB- e can see how Tonya becomes a victim of circumstance , of others ' abuse , and of her own state of victimhood ...
You wo n't just find yourself rooting for this crazy kid ; you might even fall a little bit in love .
Undeniably funny , a bit obvious , and insightful in ways that work against its subject matter
Gillespie may be indebted to filmmakers like Martin Scorsese and David O. Russell , but the character depth and tonal control of their best work seem beyond his reach .
Elevated by Margot Robbie and Allison Janney 's shimmering performances , this entertaining account of those strange events earns the sort of high marks for creative interpretation that its protagonist complained eluded her .
Seeing her navigate the obstacles in her own life makes her brief moment of success all the more impressive , and her eventual downfall that much harder to witness .
... I , Tonya is a shockingly stark portrait of what chronic , escalating domestic violence might actually look like .
Although the surface tone adopted by I , Tonya is breezy and cheeky , there 's a lot going on beneath the facade .
An often genius , always subversive film about an outsider who is n't easy to love yet at the same time hard to hate .
A vivid slice of pop culture history-an irresistible , soapy mix of jealousy , competition and class warfare , fortified by powerful performances and unexpected emotional resonance .
A renegade biopic with punk-rock energy and an in-your-face performance from Robbie .
Gillespie walks a fine line in mining both the buffoonish nature of the crime and the deep sadness of Harding 's rise and fall , and mostly pulls it off .
I , Tonya is the Tonya Harding film you never knew you wanted : an outrageously entertaining reappraisal of the Olympic figure skater who , in 1994 , was involved in a scheme to injure her main rival , Nancy Kerrigan .
There 's a poignancy to Harding 's battle against her own bad reputation , and it survives I , Tonya 's flippant , needle-drop approach thanks to the rage and resignation of the lead performance .
As `` I , Tonya '' skips here and there and thickens the plot , it becomes increasingly baffling why the filmmakers decided to put a comic spin on this pathetic , dispiriting story .
The Tonya Harding biopic is a poignant sports chronicle , a domestic abuse story , and a riotous account of a dumb crime gone wrong . The best stuff , though , is the pure theater of the skating .
Offers thoughtful and somewhat objective critiques , plus much seriously dark humor that 'll elicit a lot of uncomfortable gasps of laughter - and invites you to ponder difficult truths .
Laceratingly funny and unexpectedly empathetic . At once a complex , equal-opportunity biopic , an irreverent satire , and a riveting crime drama .
A never-better Robbie and Janney hold up a mirror to the tabloid America most of us ignore or dismiss - and make us see ourselves reflected in it , too . I , Tonya is funny as hell , but the pain is just as real . You 'll laugh till it hurts .
But I , Tonya survives those production difficulties due to the Shakespearean stakes of its real-life plot , as polar and duetto as Alexander Hamilton and Aaron Burr , or Al Capone and Bugs Moran .
Your heart hurts as much as your knee does .
Robbie spins , twirls and soars in this magnificently smudged , grandly sympathetic portrait that digs deep into the dirty , damaged roots beneath the tabloid headlines .
One of the best movies of the Oscar season ...
Dives into the swirling narratives surrounding the scandal-prone figure skater , and dredges up something that ultimately , feels real . Shockingly , it also feels redemptive .
-LSB- A -RSB- dazzling cinematic tour de force .
It sounds depressing . But the movie - and its stars - tell the story with biting humor and big performances .
Robbie is impressive , but Allison Janney steals the movie as Harding 's endlessly bitter and bullying mother .
The film 's pitch-black humor is sharper than that of a skating blade .
You 'd think this Tonya Harding biopic would turn out to be nothing but an extended punchline , but it 's actually a savvy meditation on class , the bull inside the competitive skating world and the dynamics of family abuse .
That is where the success of the film lies : it 's cast commitment . Because the real-life people and events of this story are so odd , it lends to over the top performances that work .
It 's a black comedy , and parts of it are too broad , like a second-rate Coen brothers movie . Many of the meta-jokes feel cheap . The story is good enough not to need them .
But maybe that point is better served by portraying all of the awfulness in Tonya Harding 's life , everything that shaped her , as straightforward tragic happenstance-rather than a gut buster .
But while the film sometimes feels busy and scattered , Janney and Robbie are vivid anchors , diving into the kind of complicated , boundary-pushing characters that , let 's face it , are usually the domain of men onscreen .
Gillespie 's empathy is mixed with condescension ; much of the movie 's bluff comedy mocks the tone and the actions of Tonya and her milieu .
It challenges the media 's vindictiveness , the 24-hour news cycle of sensationalism , and even gawking moviegoers of being as complicit as the trashy folks who ensnared Tonya into a lifelong trajectory headed downward .
I , Tonya is a sucker punch in the gut of the American Dream .
Unless you find parental and domestic abuse amusing , Craig Gillespie 's glibly fictionalized , bizarre biopic is deeply flawed , just like its ferocious heroine - although Margot Robbie and Allison Janney deliver memorable performances .
The film 's habit of courting and then insulting the viewer is a conscious nod to the cycles of abuse that mark Harding 's story , but the filmmakers ' attempts to implicate their audience are I , Tonya 's broken shoelace , too pat and glib to be convincing .
A wild and raucous biopicture about Tonya Harding who moves too fast on the thin ice of fame and falls .
I , Tonya is a must-see film that will make you laugh , cry and cringe .
Margot Robbie and Allison Janney deliver their career best performances
... a slashing , kickass comedy about class warfare , media manipulation , and one of history 's stupidest criminal conspiracies .
Pivots the hero 's journey and gives the infamous femme fatale her deserved win . It skates away with the gold .
Beneath all the gallows humor there 's a sadness to I , Tonya . A prevailing sense that if Tonya had just had less terrible people in her life , her path could 've been much different and much less tragic .
A best-ever performance by Margot Robbie as the gifted and star-crossed athlete Harding and an unforgettable Allison Janney supporting turn as the least-supportive mother of the year .
Comedic but pointed in outlook , I , Tonya portrays a woman who had endured constant abuse and dropped out of high school to pursue the only thing she was ever praised for .
Successfully balances the tone of this bizarre story , which is horrifying in some respects and darkly hilarious in others -LRB- Broad Street Review -RRB-
. . So much of I , Tonya rests on the shoulders of Australian star Margot Robbie , who gives a perfect 10 -LRB- or 6.0 in ISU scoring -RRB- performance .
In one of the most unconventional biopics to make its way onto our screens in years , Craig Gillespie 's darkly comedic yet incredibly moving `` I , Tonya '' is an avalanche of greatness that sustains its high energy and witty beats .
Gillespie clearly takes a page out of the Scorsese rulebook as the DNA of `` Goodfellas '' is imprinted all over his film . There are worse movies to blatantly copy in this day and age and , quite frankly , Gillespie pulls it off
Watch Tonya be a terrible person and then blame YOU , yes , you , direct to camera for judging her all those years ago and thinking she was a terrible person .
For some , the talented actors involded will be enough to transcend the problematic way Tonya 's story is treated .
The neat trick of Gillespie 's movie is how he both appreciates the unavoidable buffoonery of Harding 's story , and acknowledges the trial that was her life .
The most compelling aspects of I , Tonya do not involve pop sociology but instead reside in Janney and Robbie 's success in making a half-forgotten scandal relevant in the era of Trump .
This mean-spirited biopic provides cheap laughs at the expense of its subjects .
The dark comedy approach to the story of Tonya Harding that you had no idea you needed as badly as you do .
A de-glamorized Margot Robbie suspends disbelief by putting a triple-axel spin on an iconic villain , generating credible empathy for Tonya Harding as a seriously talented athlete abused by both her idiot husband and the rigged racket of figure skating .
It 's interested in subjective truths , in class differences , in our national self-image , and in our cultural obsession with scandal and celebrity .
Never has a horrific incident been so ripe for biting satire .
I , Tonya is a fascinatingly funny look into the life of Tonya Harding . Margot Robbie delivers the best performance of her career while Allison Janney steals every scene .
-LSB- I , Tonya -RSB- is unexpectedly resonant .
Its Tonya acquires a untidy grandeur because of her contradictions , not in spite of them , crushing out cigarettes with her skate blade and skipping over inconvenient details the film delves into anyway .
Class , competition , and the world 's dumbest criminals converge in this pitch black comedy .
Gillespie 's tone is the right one , but the director was left in the middle without reaching the final consequences . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a film as sharp as the skates Harding wears . Robbie is revelatory , Janney just amazing and the rest of the cast is equal to the task of bringing this amazingly American tale to life .
A beautifully made pop-culture pastiche , with the best ensemble cast of the year .
`` I , Tonya '' will make you care about Tonya Harding for the first time in a long time . Moreover , `` I , Tonya '' will make you sympathize with Tonya Harding for the first time .
-LSB- Margot -RSB- Robbie strikes the perfect tone between vulnerability and strength as Harding , while -LSB- Allison -RSB- Janney -LSB- is -RSB- just -LSB- as -RSB- ridiculously mean and funny as her mother .
I , Tonya succeeds because of the pathos it creates .
A blisteringly funny and sympathetic portrait of the Olympian led by an outstanding , confident performance from Margot Robbie .
-LSB- I , Tonya -RSB- ingeniously transforms a maligned villain into a hero we ca n't help but love .
Superb . The `` Goodfellas '' of figure skating .
It 's brash and shaggy and while Robbie might not quite stick the landing , Janney 's performance is gold .
I , Tonya ... gives Robbie the chance - her first , really - to show her full range as an actress . And she shines .
From her hair to her loud outfits , Robbie is everything that made you love Harding if you lived through the time when she was one of the most recognizable people on the planet .
Like last year 's The People v O.J. Simpson : American Crime Story , I , Tonya asks us to reconsider what we thought we knew in the 90s and realize that the headlines and the punchlines obscured a darker and more difficult story .
I , Tonya spins a convincing yarn despite , or maybe because of , its surfeit of unreliable narrators .
A fresh , chancy , and wickedly enjoyable movie .
Margot Robbie is a human dynamo as Tonya Harding .

@highlight

Led by strong work from Margot Robbie and Alison Janney , I , Tonya finds the humor in its real-life story without losing sight of its more tragic -- and emotionally resonant -- elements .