With great performances , a simple story , and an original ending , it 's well worth watching ...
A quietly told film that -- by casually tossing in a surprise here and a plot twist there -- builds up to an ending that carries an intense emotional impact .
Thanks to some wonderfully open-ended writing and acting , and Auerbach 's fine attention to detail , Dear Frankie is one of those rare films that rewards repeat viewing .
This is a little gem of a film .
A touching little gem .
The heart of the film is the very touching mother-son story .
Proves to be heartwarming despite its contrivances and phony attempts at being arty .
Se por alguns instantes parecia estar seguindo os passos de bons filmes similares , infelizmente acabou por render-se aos clichês e à água-com-açúcar .
There 's a timeless quality about ` Dear Frankie . ' This touching film tugs at your hearstrings and wo n't let go , even after the end credits roll .
... a rare and endearing portrait of a mother 's unconditional if not always judicious love for her only child .
True to its weepy telefilm resemblance , Dear Frankie delivers several eye-dabbing moments , but the tears ... are earned through solid storytelling and subdued acting .
You 'll see a lot worse ham-fisted dramas about busted-up but striving people this year .
The film 's sentimentality is balanced by a strong , hard-edged sense of reality at every turn .
Flirts with mawkishness at every turn but somehow remains as solid as the working-class neighborhoods and shipyards of its Glasgow setting .
Dear Frankie runs the immediate risk of film snob derision : It 's a nice movie that might make you feel something .
a good movie stuck inside of a great story
The movie hinges on whopping coincidence , but the actors all tread carefully with their emotions , giving the film the necessary credibility to make the tender moments honest and smart yet still handkerchief-worthy .
A sweet little heart-tugger ... served by a plot that dares to go in directions we would not have supposed .
The movie has been shot with love and wisdom , and its implausible premise does n't get in the way of a sweetness and honesty too rarely seen .
Mortimer , McElhone , and Butler each bring sensitivity and likability to their roles , but they 've an uphill battle personifying characters who are , respectively , a clairvoyant , a fantasist , and a fantasy .
A rarity : a heartstring-puller that 's never manipulative , a tearjerker that 's never sentimental or maudlin , and a drama that soars whenever it should be in free fall .
It may have you reaching for your Kleenex at the end , but at least Dear Frankie triggers audience sniffles the old-fashioned way : it earns them .
Mortimer creates a complex and sympathetic portrait of a mother struggling to give her son anything she can , while McElhone portrays the son as a wise , perceptive lad who can handle more challenges than his mother is willing to allow .
A bittersweet bonbon of a drama , full of the old fashioned literary touches that a well-written letter still can deliver in the age of e-mail .
As the story takes some surprising turns , it works like a slow infection : Patient audience members may find themselves awakening to the story in much the same way the characters awaken to their own capacities for tenderness .
Dear Frankie will win you over in spite of your reservations .
A small movie with a big soul and no easy formula for the happiness of its big-hearted characters .
The pain that 's evoked in this small , warm film -- the deep and unspoken yearning of child -- is as universal as it is heartbreaking .
It 's the lack of sentiment at the right time that proves to be the film 's undoing .
Dear Frankie is a sticky ball of sap , and you should n't let its accent or film-festival appearances convince you otherwise .
Director Shona Auerbach ca n't steer clear of the 10-car cliché pileup within Andrea Gibb 's tear-jerking script .
More winning than cunning and too neat by half , but it is an undeniably sweet story , lovingly told by first-time director Shona Auerbach .
The film works as a highlight tape for the cast and will satisfy any desire you have to be driven to the brink of tears .
Sickeningly cruel or tenderly sweet . Sometimes it 's one or the other ; sometimes it 's both at the same time . Perhaps the same statements are true of parenthood .
Very sweet , but preposterous .
`` Dear Frankie , '' with its strong casting and confident direction , is a lasting love letter worth experiencing .
Light and predictable , but it still got to me .
A Scottish gem that features terrific performances and a tight , emotional script .
There is no unnecessary dialogue , and Auerbach encourages us to listen closely and to study the situation . We are required to learn truths slowly , at the same pace as the characters .
Gives us a spoonful of medicine to make the sugar go down . Depending on your tolerance , it just may go down a treat .
This is a confident first feature by Auerbach , if a bit rushed in resolution .
I eagerly want to share this small treasure and talk about the emotional ending of the film , with its wrenching revelations . But , of course , that would spoil it for you . Go to the film , just do n't leave early .
A little movie , and that should n't be taken as a pejorative . It can be sweet without being sickening , as heart-rending as McElhone 's soulful gaze .
Director Auerbach and her able cast dial down the volume on the performances .
In the insightful hands of first-time filmmaker Shona Auerbach and veteran actors who play their roles with intelligence , the movie deftly ducks the schmaltz .
A soft-hearted but soberly made little movie that gives sentimentality a good name .
While the film often crosses the line between storytelling and bullying , Auerbach has done a marvelous job of casting .
I 'm pleased to report that , within this overly familiar trope , there 's plenty of room for small surprises , not the least of which are delightful , understated performances all around .
A wrenchingly sweet and beautifully acted film that keeps surprising us -- it never takes us where we think it 's going , but always where we want to go .
It quietly builds empathy though the credibility of its central relationships .
The sort of movie that deserves every heart it wins , and it will win many .
For all its sentimental superficiality , Dear Frankie is emotionally affecting .
This sounds , I know , like the plot of a melodramatic tearjerker , but the filmmakers work close to the bone , finding emotional truth in hard , lonely lives .
This wee Scottish drama takes a mawkish premise and , by playing its cards close to the vest , imbues it with quiet , careworn dignity .
Director Shona Auerbach never lets things get out of hand and keeps the action contained and intimate . As a result , the film tugs at us .
An endearing , occasionally sentimental story told with depth and substance .
The premise ... is enough to make the wary reach for the insulin .
One false note from actors or director , and the movie would collapse under the weight of fulfilling too many wishes . But it stays afloat with grace and even charm .
It rings true at heart .
Both Mortimer and McElhone stitch together this carefully modulated little character piece , with McElhone shining particularly bright as Frankie .
Dear Frankie never quite overcomes its narrative flaws , however well intentioned they might be .
Narrative improbabilities are n't for everyone but they go down easily with the proverbial grain of salt .
A Scottish weepie of such bathos and balderdash that it deserves a drinking game in its rotten honor : Bend an elbow every time you 've underestimated how low screenwriter Andrea Gibb and director Shona Auerbach will go to wring a tear .
A nicely told family drama .
I adored Frankie , his mum , and his movie ... and if you have to have a fake dad , you could n't ask for somebody better than Gerald Butler .
Dear Frankie is a fresh faced film about hope and belief that stirs your heart without having it needlessly wrung out
-LSB- C -RSB- reates a heartbreaking kind of suspense that leaves you aching for everyone ...
It 's a terrific film .
The story as a whole may not completely hold up , but the characterizations created have depth and importance .
A film that will lose nothing on the small screen . Unless you need a big-screen dose of sentiment with a Scottish accent , wait for the DVD .
Auerbach has resurrected Butler 's career , buried in the catacombs of a Parisian opera house , and gotten an unforgettable performance from Mortimer .
Unfortunately , Dear Frankie is n't content to just tug at our heartstrings . It has to yank at them , too .
It is a sweet , wonderfully acted cameo of a movie about the lengths to which a lioness will go to protect her cub .
The film is soft and sticky , but it deserves a -LRB- small -RRB- audience .
Unusually poignant .
The heavy Scottish burr might keep younger audiences from fully following the story , but this heart-tugger is perfect for teenagers on up .
It poses itself as a feel-good movie . As a result , it ignores the weight its own crimes and therefore feels utterly clueless .
a lovely , somewhat melancholy little film with a powerful ending and a lingering mood of wistfulness
Dear Frankie is n't a good film , but it is a nice little movie ... -LSB- about -RSB- what can happen when people become the conscious artists of their own lives .
Sometimes no amount of good acting can make a film hold your interest .
A well-meaning , engaging story that fits perfectly into the mold of the dreary-but-uplifting British drama .
Emotional responses are in keeping with the characterizations , and well-written dialogue ... helps sustain a reality that the turns of plot constantly threaten .
Dear Frankie 's surprises are few and low-key , but the story wraps up nicely .
A fraudulent yarn riddled with plot holes and improbabilities and topped by a cynical final twist that pulls the rug out from under the story .
Well acted , capably directed , not as substantial as it might have been .
Dear Frankie is a cinematic definition of mediocrity .
The movie 's glib trafficking in illness , death and pinched little faces to jury-rig our emotional responses ... lost me at hello .
The pat emotions contradict the lazily inconclusive life-goes-on ending , and the moral seems to be that kids just want to be lied to .
Never conspicuously begs for your empathy and neither does Mortimer , who carefully metes out her character 's skittish mannerisms .
A reasonably digestible slice of domestic drama -- one that 's good-hearted , but that does n't give you excessive heartburn .
Dear Frankie is a small , heartwarming and unsentimental coming-of-age saga with a nice twist -- a serio-humorous tale of a single-parent family always on the move .
Frankie is n't a typical award winner , but its calm , kindhearted charms are the selling point here , along with the great performances from the cast .
Sensitive acting warms the heart while avoiding soap-opera cliches .
Unhurried , unslick and easy to hold dear .
Gerard Butler is also good as the proverbial Tall Dark Stranger -LRB- sort of -RRB- , in a role that proves that he can act after all .
A Scottish drama that tells its sentimental tale with pleasing understatement .
A charming , Scottish heartstring-tugger
Dear Frankie is a tender and touching family drama set in Glasgow .
In place of my worst expectations comes a beautifully calculated film about wounded souls trying to protect one another that avoids manufactured button-pushing .
Heartwarming , but not entirely in a bad way .
A satisfying and well-directed story .
Beautiful , complex , deeply engaging filmmaking
Material that might have turned to standard dysfunctional family treacle in other hands is given stirring poignancy , warmth and emotional insight .
Filled with small moments of tenderness , insight and considerable wisdom .







@highlight

Dear Frankie is a small , good-hearted film with fine performances .