The entire film is gripping , giving the audience no-holds-barred access to the biggest sporting controversy of the century , as well as pulling back the newly re-erected iron curtain ever so slightly to see the inner workings of the Kremlin .
This is fascinating , scary stuff , not the least of which is the bald-faced lies told all around that are delivered as fact . Icarus is the perfect fable for our time .
With extra visual support and an interesting contribution from Rodchenkov himself ... Icarus is a work that should resonate . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Informative and eyeopening topical documentary on the Russian doping scandal in cycling that then stumbles onto an international Olympic scandal also involving the Russians .
Damning but meandering , patience-testing but Oscar winning
Perfectly illustrative of the serendipitous nature of documentary filmmaking as it pivots from a personal investigation of doping in sports into a thriller with global geopolitical ramifications .
Full of insights into the practice and politics of sport , many of them gained almost accidentally , Icarus is a multi-layered and compelling piece of work .
U.S. intelligence concluded Russia hacked the election in retaliation for our part in the unveiling of its doping program . In other words , because of what 's revealed in this film . The Russia investigation , as it turns out , is playing on Netflix right now .
... the framework in which the athletes seem mere pieces of a game of chess between the great powers , rather than individuals who want to overcome , continues to be worrisome in this great documentary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Though Icarus does n't spend much time discussing the ethics of doping , it 's one of the most complete accounts of how this scandal came to light . It 's also a fascinating one .
Icarus is a frighteningly relevant movie that may go a long way toward explaining the danger of any state propaganda machine , whether it targets medals or more .
There 's an inescapable sense of loss in the film , mainly because the people involved have been fighting for such a long time .
The near two minutes of `` where are they now '' title cards that conclude the movie have more ripe drama in them than Fogle 's doping experiment , which takes up far too much of the runtime ...
If you want insight into cheating in sports and the complicated reasons why it happens over and over , Icarus will open your eyes as never before . It is essential viewing for anyone interested in athletics or competitive sports of any type .
Bryan Fogel 's revealing documentary plays almost like a spy thriller . And what a fascinating real-life character shows up to hold our interest !
Eye-opening docu on the Russian doping scandal ; some cursing
It 's fair , then , to call Icarus a coup for a first-time documentarian , the product of both dumb luck and a strange rapport between Fogel and Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov .
Fogel 's willingness to follow a yarn that starts in one location before veering into entirely different narrative territory yields fascinating and entertaining results .
Imagine a version of Morgan Sperlock 's Super Size Me in which , instead of merely bloating up , Sperlock entered into an uneasy friendship with an evil clown version of Ronald McDonald , and you 'll get a sense of this doc 's unexpected depth .
Icarus may be the best nonfiction movie of the year .
Bryan Fogel 's Icarus is a tale of lies , deception and murder with stakes worthy of its Greek antecedent .
Rodchenkov proves a surprisingly lovable personality -- wry , funny , and gregarious . But things get dark and dangerous when the Russian Olympic doping program is exposed and Rodchenkov fears that he might be in a position of knowing too much .
The unwieldiness is part and parcel of the movie 's ragged appeal . None of this was by design .
It 's hard to deny the power of Icarus 's message and the remarkable nature of its delivery .
Starts out like `` Super Size Me '' and then turns into an investigation of Russian use of PED 's and a much more interesting film .
A trivial Super Size Me-style premise -LRB- take performance-enhancing drugs on camera and see if they work ! -RRB- becomes something far deeper in this thrilling anti-doping documentary from Bryan Fogel .
The film moves into more interesting terrain when it follows the odyssey of Dr. Grigory Rodchenkov .
An imperfect film ... but the pacing of the final 3/4s of Icarus is remarkable , as we watch a man 's life and safety circle the drain .
For those who cherish honesty , fair play , and upright athletic competition , the film is a must-see exposé about systematic corruption and failure on both sides of the doping issue .
Mr. Fogel could be considered either daring or foolhardy for his initial plan . But his work with Dr. Rodchenkov is levelheaded , and his documentary illuminating .
Icarus tells such an eye-opening story that it almost does n't matter when the storytelling itself gets a little sloppy .
This is electric material for a story , but Fogel just gets shocked instead of channeling it into something great .
A real-life absurdist thriller that , in its electric coverage of one Russian scandal , ca n't help but illuminate another ongoing one .
A routinely assembled mélange of provocative material consistently undone by its maker 's perplexing need to foist himself into the center of every conversation .
That rare doc that uncovers a truth so powerful -LRB- and dangerous -RRB- that it itself becomes part of the news .
As I am sure it will when the film stuns viewers beyond those at Sundance , Icarus relies on the element of surprise for one of its most rewarding attributes .
A powerful look at doping by world-class athletes - and a conspiracy that is breathtaking in its size and scope .
A truly absorbing piece of filmmaking .
If you can power through the documentary 's flat first half , ` Icarus ' will blow you away .
This film is proof that , with the right protagonist , a documentary seems to tell its own story .
A wildly timely movie for our current moment , as issues of cheating , illegitimacy and geopolitical bullies take center stage .
While Icarus technically does n't break any news , it certainly scores many points by showing a diabolical wizard so surprisingly laying his secrets on the table .
A cyclist who set out to prove he could outsmart athletic doping tests stumbles upon one of the game 's biggest cheaters in this game-changing documentary .

@highlight

Icarus is eye-opening viewing for professional sports enthusiasts , yet it should also prove thoroughly gripping even for filmgoers who might not necessarily be drawn to the subject .