Gangster Squad is a stylish , tension-filled watch but , for all its brutal violence and determined men , it lacks the depth of character to make it truly memorable .
It 's a lazy , watered down gangster flick that is not nearly as clever or as new as it attempts to be .
Gangster Squad is slight pulp fiction that offers all-out , balls-to-the-wall action riddled with as many clichés as bullets .
Those who are calling it shallow and cartoony and clichéd are missing the point . It is all of those things , purposefully - gleefully , even .
Visually ? Sure , it 's impressive . But on all other fronts it leaves nothing but a couple muddy footprints and a signpost of misplaced potential .
Okay , so maybe nobody expected Gangster Squad to be in the league of , say , Chinatown or L.A. Confidential , but even on the level of pure , bullet-spattered fun , this thing is so vaporous that it slides out of memory even while you 're watching it .
Gosling 's smirk conveys a contempt for the material rivaled only by my own .
Probably the year 's most squandered cast , in a boring , by-the-numbers crime film that plays like a fifth-generation re-do of `` L.A. Confidential , ''
A nod toward nostalgia , a grandiose display of the arrogance of the present : this seems to be the whole program of Gangster Squad .
An entertaining but wholly unspectacular flick that ca n't seem to figure out if it wants to be The Untouchables or Dick Tracy .
Flitting between over-the-top violence , grim moral posturing , and matinee thrills , this is a broad , two-dimensional crime noir that thinks it 's deeper and smarter than it is .
The film is never anything less than watchable , largely because of its seductively stylish look and bevy of charismatic actors .
`` Gangster Squad '' is like `` The Untouchables '' without a heart . De Palma delivered the goods on Ness and company . The goods were hijacked in this gangster tale .
Although it 's blunt and brisk in its own inoffensive way , `` Gangster Squad '' is meathead cinema - the sort that cuts hard from a splattered brain to spatula-pressed hamburger . Unlike that grilled patty , the movie is mostly sizzle , little steak .
Makes 1991 ′ s `` Mobsters '' look like `` The Godfather '' in comparison .
Ruben Fleischer 's Gangster Squad attempts to recreate mobster magic , but ends up fumbling into an endless amount of clichés and some horrid digital photography to boot .
While pretty and often entertaining , Gangster Squad 's a violent urban western that gets lost in the fog of homage .
Those looking for the depth and complexity of the best of the genre are in the wrong place , but take Gangster Squad for what it is and it 's not a bad way to spend an evening .
Do not try to fight off the running `` this is the City of Angels '' commentary ; you will lose . Here , the good guys win , the bad guys earn their comeuppance , the dames look pretty and the dopey dialogue shoves a grapefruit in your face and shuts you up .
The end result is a passable - just barely - thriller that benefits substantially from the efforts of its star-heavy cast ...
Gangster Squad verges on a parody of hard-boiled noir in the vein of the Scary Movie/Date Movie/Epic Movie films , only with real A-list star power ; it 's a funny old mixture .
A violent and cartoonish take on the '40s gangster scene in LA .
It should all be a lot more fun than it is , or at least as rollicking as `` Zombieland , '' Fleischer 's clever 2009 outing . Some pious soul-searching near the end is altogether insufferable .
Gangster Squad looks the part , but it 's so superficial it practically evaporates before our eyes .
Mistura de Os Intocáveis , Los Angeles - Cidade Proibida e Scooby-Doo .
It 's fitting that ` Gangster ' Squad deals with crime because charging admission to this torpid film is robbery .
Will it win any awards for 2013 ? Well , no . But ` Gangster Squad , ' a shoot - 'em - up nod to pulp thrillers , will provide solid entertainment for fans of crime dramas .
In spite of heavy gunfire , Gangster Squad misses
All style and pose devoid of soul .
Comes off as a hollow masquerade , play-acting at machismo for nearly two hours . Along with the furniture tossed in fits of rage , there are empty flourishes of neo-noir style , rote action sequences , and little danger for our hardboiled heroes .
Brash , loud & risibly anachronistic , Gangster Squad is flashier than a mobster 's suit , but if you 're not too fussy about finesse then this stylised crime film is a hugely entertaining cops 'n crooks romp through a cartoon-like version of 1940s LA history .
High entertainment this is not , but as a period-driven action picture loosely based on a tumultuous time in Los Angeles ' history , it 's a strangely entertaining and bonkers experience .
Re-edited in the wake of the Aurora massacre , the film definitely misses its excised Grauman 's Chinese Theatre shootout , which might have helped justify its movie-obsessed unreality .
Overly violent portrayal of LA crime in the 1940 's , but the story , acting and look of the film make it good entertainment .
Squad a Pretender in the Gangester Genre
Some of the clothes and makeup feel as glossy as paint , but , those aside , we seem to browsing through a display of secondhand goods .
... being point blank for Brolin delivering the horrendous dialogue coaxed me to exclaim aloud - `` this guy is dumb as a post . ''
Its misjudged villain and generic action film structure put it some way below the staples of the LA thriller sub-genre .
By-the-numbers . Hit-or-miss . Elementary .
Painfully bad ... Gosling and Penn embarrass themselves .
Not good , and not entertaining ; and it really should have tried to be one of those things .
Everything you 'd want from a good gangster movie is delivered here ... Think The Untouchables , only without the artistic pretense .
The very jokey forthrightness of its title evokes a kind of disposable pop-art mash-up of The Untouchables and L.A. Confidential , but with the seriousness of an old Saturday morning serial .
A better name for this rip-off of The Untouchables would 've been The Unwatchables .
There are so many factual errors that the movie comes across as little more than a cartoon , a pity because the Mickey Cohen era , told accurately , could make a terrific film .
... could have used more narrative and historical context to go with its evocative visual style . Instead , it 's a story that feels timeless for the wrong reasons .
-LRB- ... -RRB- a more watchable thriller than Michael Mann 's Public Enemies -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , with lots of Tommy guns blazing in the old fashioned way .
Naive , heavy-handed , handsomely designed ...
Lovingly pulpy yet honest and sincere about its intent , there is plenty in Gangster Squad for fans of the gangster genre to enjoy .
... a maniacally arch fusion of ` Dick Tracy ' and , yes , the classic buddy Western ` Magnificent Seven ' ... Penn froths at the mouth so much he disappears beneath a mask of spittle .
The movie claims to be `` based on a true story '' but turns out to be as authentic as The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas .
Sean Penn 's performance alone makes the film worth seeing .
Viewers complaining about the cartoonish portrayal and wanting Curtis Hanson 's Oscar winner again need to consider the source , and remember that - Paul Muni , anyone ? - the former rules .
Mildly enjoyable ... sadly forgettable .
Sean Penn 's performance as Mickey Cohen will disturb you .
`` Gangster Squad '' never stops reminding you that everyone in it thinks it 's awesome that they 're making it . You wo n't feel the same awe watching it .
There is a certain level of shoot - 'em - up entertainment value to the movie , but overall , it 's a pretty forgettable ride .
A fun breezy drama that 's fun to watch but will easily be forgotten in six months .
Fleischer 's film goes rogue ...
This is a cast that , given the right material , could have made a film to rival The Untouchables .
... It 's all surface level a backdrop for a big , dumb action movie that has more in common with `` The Expendables '' than `` L.A. Confidential . ''
Gangster Squad , I have seen The Untouchables and you , sir , are no Untouchables . But you may be the most violent episode of Dragnet ever .
Ryan Gosling is so good that he manages to rise above the limitations of the script .
We all have better things to do than watch movie stars playing cops-and-robbers .
There 's nothing particularly wrong with Gangster Squad , except perhaps its timing , but there 's nothing particularly right either .
It 's watchable because of the colorful recreation of L.A. in 1949 -LRB- thanks to cinematographer Dion Beebe and production designer Mather Ahmad -RRB- and its appealing cast ...
disjointed , at times ludicrous , but darn if it does n't always have just the right art direction and lighting
Where originality goes to get mowed down by a Tommy gun .
What could have been `` LA Confidential '' ends up being a dime store `` Untouchables '' crossed with `` Dick Tracy '' .
Robert Patrick has fun in a supporting role , but Emma Stone 's talents are wasted on a nothing female-bargaining-chip character .
The filmmakers take the most direct route to action thrills with cartoonish characters , outlandish violence and nary a moment of psychology or subtlety .
A pulpy action throwback that effortlessly achieves its goal to entertain thanks to a top-shelf cast , dazzling direction , and a fast-paced screenplay chock-full of snappy 1940s-style patter .
There 's little to glean from Ruben Fleischer 's Gangster Squad except for maybe a few modest laughs , whether the comedy be intentional or not , and some charm from Ryan Gosling .
A crowd-pleasing tale of cops and mobsters but bungled characterization and underwhelming style-over-substance prevents Gangster Squad from being a crime genre classic .
It might sound like a stretch , imagining Penn playing that intense , indiosyncratic a villain . But the lauded , veteran actor pulls a left hook , then a right , and after a wild bodyshot at the tail end of the film , you see the true mania behind his eyes .
Director Ruben Fleischer and screenwriter Will Beall ca n't decide whether to make a spoof or a serious drama , so they wrongheadedly attempt both .
Ruben Fleischer 's gleefully grisly shoot - 'em - up is just one more chapter in the epic love story between Hollywood , guns and gratuitous violence .
Gangster Squad '' is a highly stylized , pulp-fiction period piece based on true events .
An extremely violent mess of a movie .
Very violent tale of LAPD 's real-life war against the mob .
I love Fleischer 's Zombieland , think Ryan Gosling , Josh Brolin , & Emma Stone are among the most underrated actors alive and think Sean Penn is an all-time best . And yet I nearly hated this mess .
Guns n ' Poses in a cover-band version of ` The Untouchables , ' a wax museum with a pulse .
If these movie cops were your local police , you 'd want them strung up on charges and locked away . In a fictionalized past , sure , it 's still amoral , but that would only be a problem if the movie ever took itself seriously .
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone play gangster dress-up .
Garish and bullet-riddled , it 's a completely forgettable flick .
As you would expect , shootouts are had , jaws are socked , ultimatums are issued , Packards are exploded and somewhere Raymond Chandler rolls over in his grave .
It 's the premium cast that redeems the project .
It 's Los Angeles , 1949 , and the clichés are flying like bullets .
Somewhere in this hyper-stylized actioner are remnants of some previously-conceived film , a better movie that feels as if it has been methodically stripped down over time , losing the pulpiness of the genre to the video game culture .
Despite a cast of gifted actors , lush 1940s production design and suave costumes , it 's bereft of inspiration , plowing familiar terrain past the point of tedium to impatience .
Gangster Squad is to the great tradition of the Scarface genre what plastic is to cutlery - tiny , imitative , disposable .
Any resemblance to history here is restricted to some snazzy spectator shoes and cans of Schlitz beer .
`` Gangster Squad '' talks tough and hits hard , but it is a victim of its own brute force .
A cartoonish 1940s shoot - 'em - up that 's impossible to take seriously .
Gangster Squad is far from a masterpiece and its story structure and filmmaking techniques are riddled with bullet holes , but it 's still better than the average movie released in the month of January .
Due out last September , now turning up in the film-dump month of January . Where it seems right at home .
... Sean Penn seems to have wandered out of Warren Beatty 's 1990 `` Dick Tracy '' and screenwriter Will Beall -LRB- TV 's ` Castle ' -RRB- takes liberties that O'Mara never fought for .
The movie does n't much build to a climax as accidentally stumble upon it on the way to the closing credits .
The redundant violence , no matter how loud and brutal it can be , lacks both tension and imagination . We get plenty of bangs without any of the requisite foreplay .
It 's basically the movie adaptation of the trashy comic-book adaptation of The Untouchables .
This may be based on a true story , but the filmmakers never bother exploring the complexities of historical events , instead opting for a comic book-style approach that 's entertaining but somewhat unsatisfying .
Gangster Squad is the antithesis of a great movie about 1940 's Los Angeles
Treat this as a cartoonish action film that owes as much to the western as to the gangster movie , and just go along for the ride .
... it would seem so much was spent on waistcoats that no one could afford to go to Officeworks , as Gangster Squad 's script - the foundation of every film - is an absolute mess .
Count me among those who bail . Gangster Squad may be a poor movie , but it 's a top-a-the-heap gangsta pitcha .
-LSB- These characters -RSB- are caricatures with only as much personality as their fedoras and weapons allow .
Bullet-ridden with clichés and a lousy script that wastes its talented cast , ` Gangster Squad , ' will have you wishing you remembered where you put your copy of ` Casino ' or ` The Untouchables . '
The sort of film that fails to give its audience anything but a shrug to take away with them .
Director Ruben Fleischer has delivered an effortlessly cool film . Brilliant .
Director Ruben Fleischer leans hard on the violence card , but with little return in the way of excitement , and at the expense of character and story .
Director Ruben Fleischer is no Brian De Palma , but he keeps the story moving and delivers a couple of decent set pieces .
Slick , sick , self-consciously stylish and defiantly shallow , Gangster Squad is one of those movies you ca n't talk about without invoking other -LRB- often better -RRB- movies .
Gangster Squad is The Untouchables moved west and cheesed up .
A triumph of production design but a pretty dull kill - 'em - up otherwise .
Apart from the gore -- and there 's plenty -- this is basically L.A. Confidential without the script .
A virtual catalog of uneven filmmaking , which includes the plot and many of the performances .
It begins as energetic , clichéd nonsense and ends as irritating , clichéd nonsense .
Artificiality ? Over-dramatized violence ? Heck , I viewed it through the eyes of the teenagers for whom it was intended and was riddled with rounds of fun -- even if it does suffer from a lack of historical accuracy and restraint .
A bullet-riddled bloodbath with an all-star cast , Gangster Squad is a lurid and ludicrous Mob thriller that glorifies a gangland lifestyle .
I do n't mind not thinking too hard if I 'm going to get something out of it at some point , but this is more like a self-perpetuating Ouroboros loop of not thinking too hard .
Not the best mob film but some will like it
There 's only so much style can do to spiff up shriveled substance .
Gangster Squad is an enjoyable throwback , distinguishing itself from film noir with its deliriously colorful theme-park recreation of 1949 LA and Dion Beebe 's burnished lighting , which makes Brolin and Penn look like they 've been cast in bronze .
`` Gangster Squad '' would have been more fun as an animated feature , with fanciful animals in the principal roles .
When the gun smoke clears , the body count is finished and the blood is mopped up , `` Gangster Squad '' is little more than another Hollywood wannabe overshadowed by the legacy of `` L.A. Confidential '' ...
A complete whitewashing of one of the most vicious and racist paramilitary organizations in American history : the Los Angeles Police Department .
Gangster Squad 's violence has a graphic , contemporary feel that 's at odds with the vintage crime pics the film wants to celebrate . This is n't the heavy-handed CG-noir of Sin City , but even so , it feels fake .
The actors do their best , but they 're bringing their `` A '' game to a decidedly `` B '' production , with Penn being the most enthusiastic of this game crew .
Gangster Squad is a 1940s-style B-movie with modern A-list actors and a bad attitude .
A dumbed-down version of ` The Untouchables ' done in floridly violent comic-book style .
A high body-count showdown featuring all the staples of the genre , from flashy Zoot suits to Tommy guns to street smart dialogue mixing slang and savoir faire in a manner reminiscent of Damon Runyon .
A stylized , overly emphatic actioner , complete with blazing Tommy guns , professional wrestling-style performances , and a simplified conflict to extract the most machismo . Gangster Squad disappoints in a big bad way .
Gangster Squad may be loosely based on truth -- the takedown of notorious Los Angeles crime lord Mickey Cohen 60 years ago -- but it feels about as real as a mob-themed costume party .
Gangster Squad -LSB- is -RSB- a mob epic that flushes a classy cast -LRB- Sean Penn , Josh Brolin , Ryan Gosling , Emma Stone -RRB- down the sinkhole of creative bankruptcy .
Pulpy , good fun ... a mostly entertaining and welcome return to the -LSB- gangster -RSB- genre .
We 've seen the stylized violence and sentimental tropes intended to make us emotionally invested in generic characters many times before .
For all the guns and gore , it 's as breezy and uncritical as a tale from the True Detective magazine that the cops ca n't help reading .
As an old-fashioned gangster picture tempered with noir overtones `` Gangster Squad '' is feast for the eyes .
It 's almost terrible . It 's almost entertaining . But it 's missing the shameless insanity of a wonderfully bad movie , and the particular vision , point of view , and coherence of some very good ones .
What 's missing from Gangster Squad is a core , a point of view , something to patch together the cheese and carnage .
A second-tier `` Untouchables '' interested only in making a lot of noise while ignoring character and plot . The newspaper articles that inspired it tell a much better story .
Very few will remember it in a few months , which is probably just fine with the folks who made it .
Fleischer 's noir-influenced focus on O'Mara and Cohen offers hints of interesting commentary about Hollywood 's historical visions of good and evil . But it 's a strong starting point that fizzles by the finale .
So catastrophically juvenile and style-fixated there is no detectable trace of any talent involved .
Watching `` Gangster Squad '' is like being caught in the middle of a mob war between historical inaccuracy and bad taste .
With this cast , it could and should have been great . Sadly , it 's not even close . It tries hard to be another UNTOUCHABLES , but it has no style of it 's own - and comes off like a copycat of other , better films .
Its determination to follow The Untouchables ' template -LRB- without the benefit of a David Mamet script -RRB- makes it a little too predictable to be memorable .
A good-looking cast and strong action sequences are just enough to forgive the cornball script .
Elegantly diverting entertainment with a handsome cast who effortlessly inhabit their stylish period tailorings .
The trouble is how adolescent it all feels . The sets are squeaky-clean , the violence garish and digital .
`` Gangster Squad '' reminded me of Carson Daly : handsome and glib but not much going on beneath the surface .
Gangster Squad is never bad , and only rarely is it uninvolving , but the slight entertainment it provides comes coupled with a fair amount of tedium
The sheer bulk of talent involved -LRB- top-tier technicians and designers included -RRB- turns out to be a case of water , water everywhere , and not a drop to drink .
Its flair is all posturing , its hints of style nothing but hollow tricks .
Outbreaks of emotion get swung about like loose punches in a bar brawl - gung-ho yet completely missing the target .
A shallow , star-studded amalgam of every Los Angeles cops-and-crooks drama you 've ever seen .
A big waste of a lot of talent .
Enjoyable enough in a forgettable Friday night thriller sort of way and it 's ultimately worth seeing for the performances by Penn , Brolin and Gosling .
By the time it fades to black , `` Gangster Squad '' has squandered most of its early promise .
Yet another dispiriting reminder that while the MPAA can be squeamish and hypocritical about depictions of sexuality , filmmakers can nevertheless flood the screen with enough carnage for a world war or two , yet walk away with an R rating .
It 's all just noise disguised as entertainment .
All the people in the picture are playing at their characters , rather than actually playing the characters . Everyone looks grand in their period clothes , but they 're making make-believe that is not in the least bit believable .
A solid gangland Western , a well-acted , flinty-dialogue `` Magnificent Six '' set in the Wild West of gangland LA in the 1940s .
More of a cartoon than a history lesson , and about as close to the reality of organized crime in the 1940s as a Dick Tracy comic strip .
If nothing else , it 's way better than you 'd expect any movie released by a major studio in January would ever be .
Bits and pieces here and there entertain . But it never really comes together in a satisfying way , and given the talent involved , that adds up to a big disappointment .
Though based partly on actual events , Ruben Fleischer 's ludicrous shoot - 'em - up plays fast and loose with the facts , and plenty else besides .
The movie , as criminal drama , goes nowhere .
A pulpy movie made by people who only know pulp from reading about it in movie reviews . It 's the grim n ' gritty version of DICK TRACY . And if you approach it like that , you 'll enjoy the movie just fine .
Gangster Squad is bloody , sloppy and far dumber than it looks , a Hollywood spectacle of slo-mo bullets and explosions perfectly calibrated to be soulless .
As they 'd say back in the day : Sweetheart , give me rewrite .
While easy on the eye and enjoyable for the most part , especially when Gosling occupies the screen , Gangster Squad has a few too many flaws .
While it is true Gangster Squad could not quite hold its balance between over the top camp ala Dick Tracy and taking itself as seriously as L.A. Confidential I 'll admit , I enjoyed it .
A wolfish Sean Penn as crime boss Mickey Cohen heads up a stellar cast for this bloody , meat-headed gangster flick whose sheer velocity and breathless illogic give it a campy sheen that should broaden its appeal .
` So it 's a shame that `` Gangster Squad '' is nothing like a good old-fashioned gangster picture . While it 's a period piece that clearly relishes its evocation of neon-bright Los Angeles in 1949 , it 's hardly old-fashioned . And it 's no good at all ...
Gloss with nothing beneath the shiny surfaces .
It might not be much easier to buy than a 1950s True Detective comic , but this is as slick and explosive as a barrel of high-octane hair oil .
As long as you take Gangster Squad for what it is and view it as the light-hearted -LRB- albeit very violent -RRB- drama that it 's intended to be , you 're bound to enjoy yourself , as despite this title 's many shortcomings .
If L.A. Confidential were a comic book , this is the movie spun outta that : blustery postwar mythologizing about the violent birth of the modern metropolis , all pulpy-bright even when it 's night , bursting with violence ...
Despite the flaws and the occasional corn , this is still one of the most exhilarating and entertaining action films in recent memory .
Accept the film on its own terms , as a period action thriller , and you 'll walk away satisfied - assuming your every last nerve has n't been jangled to jelly .
A crime against cinematic sensibility .
Cares less for reality than it does for elevating tough guys of the 1950s to Schwarzeneggerian godhood . ... This is the Commando of gangster movies .
Terrific actors , an irresistible story : so how come this pulpy shoot-em-up never equals the sum of its oh so snazzy parts ?
The final product elicits little more than a shrug . Made it , ma . Top of the world ...
Ruben Fleischer 's film is a perfect example of Hollywood hypocrisy , something to be ignored diligently .
Making an homage to 40s gangster films is n't the same as making a derivative and slight piece of entertainment , which is what this bloody , only occasionally exciting film is .
It 's witty , has a handsome cast and plenty of zippy action but it 's not one you will still be thinking of in ten years ' time .
To a very large extent , Gangster Squad achieves its objectives as a patriotic flag waving for the honest men and women of the police force who face death every day as part of their job to secure the community
It is credit to Will Beall 's screenplay and Ruben Fleischer 's direction that the characters are developed enough for us to understand their motives
Too bad Fleischer 's direction is impersonal and his style sleek but shallow ; I can only imagine what a director like Lumet or Hanson would have done with such juicy material and glorious cast .
Too glossy to be film noir or even pulp fiction . But plenty of action and a few stand-out performances guarantee it 's a fun ride while it lasts .
Gangster Squad ... so clearly riffs on plot beats and key characters from 1987s The Untouchables , one is tempted to scan the credits for acknowledgement of Brian De Palma and David Mamet .
A movie that plays out like the most basic of 1950s cop shows , except with a double dose of ultra violence .
Sleek , stylish but superficial . Easy on the eye , even easier on the brain , it does n't last long in the memory .
Sean Penn 's not been this fun since Jeff Spicoli and there 's plenty of rip-roaring action , but Gangster Squad proves a minor entry in the annals of LA noir .
Boasting a classy ensemble cast and an eye catching look , true crime tale Gangster Squad does an entertaining job telling the story of a band of cops who reclaim late forties Los Angeles from ruthless mobster Mickey Cohen .
An impressively pulpy underworld-plunger that embellishes on a 1949 showdown between a dedicated team of LAPD officers and Mob-connected Mickey Cohen -LRB- Sean Penn -RRB- for control of the city .
The first big film of 2013 has the potential to be its most disappointing , with Gangster Squad a major fumble for director Ruben Fleischer who wastes an all-star cast and sure fire premise .
These are good actors , but aside from Brolin and Gosling , they 're barely given any special moments of their own to make their marks here .

@highlight

Though it 's stylish and features a talented cast , Gangster Squad suffers from lackluster writing , underdeveloped characters , and an excessive amount of violence .