... powerful , charismatic performances . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... no more than an exercise in special effects and pyromania . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It was great and it was inspiring ... it brings to life things that are taken for granted .
Only The Brave squanders any potential to say something profound by getting caught up in regurgitating a flaccid story about heroism that we 've been spoonfed since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
It takes a very respectful view of the Granite Mountain Hotshots , with just the right emotional kick to leave an impression .
... the memory of the event provides emotional ballast to the formulaic fare , and Only the Brave bests its Hollywood creation to become a heartfelt tribute , yee-hawing bro pranks and all .
Based on a genuinely moving true story , this film undercuts the realism by pushing its heroic machismo at every turn .
`` Only the Brave '' is a rare action film that relies on restraint and gives us heroes not from comic books but from real life .
The film also serves to highlight the dearth of such films in Australia . It 's not as though there are n't similar heroes to celebrate , yet the persistence of cultural cringe seems to prevent local filmmakers from producing films such as Only the Brave .
The fires themselves are frighteningly well staged , and by the film 's conclusion the courage and dedication of these firemen has been amply demonstrated . It 's a pity that the film that tells their story was n't a little less clunky .
... you 'd need a particularly hard heart not to be moved by their story .
It deserves credit for the way it tells a difficult story .
For a film so unambiguously cheering for its heroes , it has an unsettling way of questioning the cost of their achievement .
A superb ensemble cast ...
Director Joseph Kosinksi 's fair dinkum approach suits the material well . What Only the Brave lacks in dramatic inventiveness , it makes up for in honest-to-goodness storytelling .
The story of the Granite Mountain Hotshots deserves a better movie .
Josh Brolin does a very good job as the conflicted Eric , who lives for his job and does n't seem to notice much else , even his wife .
Familiar in its overall storytelling arcs about risktaking and redemption , but also a sincere tribute to our new firefighting heroes for a warmer planet .
An object lesson in how effective Hollywood film-making can be when it downsizes .
It 's well-meaning but a more exciting movie might have been a better tribute .
Only the Brave is the film-making equivalent of the plaid shirt and denim jeans favoured by the men for their off-duty attire . It 's obvious , safe and as familiar as beer and banter .
Kosinski has given us a film telling a story about ordinary people doing extraordinary things .
We are all biding macho time until the big one comes around . It eventually does arrive and the results are properly bone-shaking . Tougher than the rest .
The raging fires and rugged beauty of the scenery are the real stars of a well-acted but all-too-predictable tale .
... a corny soup of macho clichés and empty theatrics ...
This is a good , blue-collar heropic where everyone has a nickname , a back story they do n't like to talk about and distinct character traits .
A salt-of-the-earth tale that 'll play well in red states , but offers little spark .
Its real subject , it soon turns out , is death , not survival .
Only the Brave is powerful in its poignancy .
This Joseph Kosinski endeavour has been masterfully structured , as we seamlessly move between different , entwined character stories .
Think The Perfect Storm , only in a forest , and you 're in the ballpark for a drama jettisoning macho posturing and Hollywood heroics for a respectful , low-key approach .
Kosinski 's direction comes good for the harrowing climax .
... thankfully Only the Brave eschews sentiment and manipulation to deliver a well-acted , informative and ultimately heartfelt movie .
Stupendously grounded and beautifully human .
Long , tedious and not much fun at all . The ending is good though .
Backdraft clichés notwithstanding , this is a stirring fact-based tribute to public servants putting it on the line .
Only The Brave is the forest-fire equivalent of its intensely gripping urban cousin , 1991 's Backdraft . It 's also educational ; full of `` So that 's how they do that '' ! moments . Tragic story , satisfying storytelling .
There is some action in this movie , along with all the melodrama . Jennifer Connelly gives a spectacular performance as the supportive , but assertive wife of Marsh , with a vivid gamut of emotions from support , to defiance , anger and grief in the film .
One of the best war movies you 'll ever see .
Takes a true heroic story and does it justice . This is moviemaking as it is supposed to be .
Only the Brave feels like a film that would have made sense coming from Peter Berg or Michael Bay , but Kosinski mostly pulls back on the macho cheerleading to find something more objective , and ultimately , deeply emotional .
Only the Brave is an action movie for the working man , blunt but not stupid and simple still with feeling .
Though the movie , based on an article in GQ , by Sean Flynn , offers fascinating insights into the practical exertions and bureaucratic complications of firefighting , it places much greater emphasis on the protagonists ' personal lives .
This is one of those few allegedly factual sagas that possibly leaves a lump or three in your throat .
At every step the movie 's a little deeper and more thoughtful than anticipated .
A competent if conventional drama . But who gets the blame for that wince-inducing CGI bear hurtling through the woods like an ursine Human Torch ?
Although probably a little too long , the film succeeds in being both emotionally forceful and dramatically satisfying .
Based on the true story of the Granite Mountain Hotshots , Only the Brave is an exciting and moving tribute to the sacrifice and dedication of wildland firefighters .
... offers a timely tribute by putting a human face on those who combat rural wildfires .
Starts out kind of corny but stokes emotion with its true-life tale of bravery and brotherhood .
Only the Brave might be the best movie ever made about firefighters .
It looks good , it features a lot of committed actors , and it 's completely hollow .
This is a seriously magnificent motion picture , one I 'm almost certain to still be talking about as the year inches closer to its conclusion .
Only the Brave is essentially a war film , with brave commanders and earnest -LRB- and not so earnest -RRB- young men who love each other fighting a menacing and relentless enemy .
Despite the filmmakers ' best intentions , Only the Brave , which is expanded from former Boston Herald reporter Sean Flynn 's GQ article , emerges as inert drama as we ever so slowly journey to that awful end .
Heartbreak and humor in true-life tragedy .
Although Only the Brave is a well-acted and well-made film with a gut-wrenching true story , the testosterone with which it defines itself is almost overwhelming .
The based-on-a-true-story Only the Brave is visually and narratively strong , but falters when it steps outside of a totally masculine zone .
Only the Brave is not a hollow Hollywood action movie : it 's a tribute to a group of men , and their supportive women , who made a difference . Watching the film is a humbling and intensely moving experience .
... all a movie should be , entertaining and educational ... graphically showing the guts and workings of a forest fire and the heroism of those fighting it on the front lines .
Though somewhat uneven at times Joseph Kosinksi 's Only the Brave is one of the most respectful and emotionally compelling true story films in recent memory .
It 's the best tribute to all-American heroism to come along in a while .
While we might quibble here and there with the choices made by director Joseph Kosinski , the greater point is that the movie will connect on a deeper level than almost any other movie we might see this year .
Kosinski lets the story unfold at a measured pace - so much so that by the time we reach the climactic scene , we 're unprepared for what unfolds . As a result , it 's even more devastating and effective .
It 's refreshing to see older actors in roles that command respect , instead of going for the cheap laughs Hollywood often associates with age .
Only the Brave has both its heart , and its storytelling , in the right place .
An old-fashioned action-adventure story with star performances , given a sacred tinge by its real-life roots .
A robust and handsome effort that is as slickly paced as it is visually resplendent and moving .
The firefighting scenes are spectacular , but the special effects never dwarf the human relationships-and that 's as it should be .
Two factors elevating ` Only the Brave ' above the norm are the film 's location photography and realistic forest fire sequences .
It 's a movie intent on telling us the hotshots were heroes , without sufficiently dramatizing either their professional decisions or their private lives .
` Only the Brave ' is more a portrait of dedicated men - regular guys with flaws and problems like the rest of us - who perform extraordinary deeds to protect their neighbors , homes and families .
For a moment , we get to be a part of that group of hotshots , and it is piercingly sad to lose them .
Director Joseph Kosinski puts the brotherhood of the unit front and center , emphasizing the bonds forged over sweat and soot . He directs with a sense of duty to honor the crew , and he does the job .
It 's a harrowing story of heroism and dedication , and the movie does it full justice .
`` Only the Brave '' is a heart-touching reminder of what real heroes look like and how they act .
Only the Brave makes for a straightforward , but meaningful salute to real-world heroism , thanks to its strong performances and sturdy direction .
Only the Brave serves as a tribute to their sacrifice in the way it respects them as ordinary men who happened to do extraordinary work .
The spirit of the Granite Mountain Hotshots lives on in Only the Brave , a drama that captures the group 's camaraderie , self-sacrifice and unspoken heroism .
On the whole , the film balances its moments of relative calm , domestic upset and raw terror . Best of all , it explains the techniques of brush-clearing , controlled burns and `` air attack '' without turning it into a lesson .
While `` Only the Brave '' is consistently involving and entertaining , -LSB- its -RSB- desire to be accurate about a heroic reality proves to be an at times awkward fit with the conventions of this kind of earnest and old-fashioned Hollywood film .
The movie overall can feel more than a little formulaic , but as a tribute to real-life heroes , Only the Brave serves its purpose .
What goes down in Yarnell , and Kosinski 's respectful portrayal of it , is undeniably devastating - and a well-deserved salute to a group of low-key heroes .
The cast as a whole , under the direction of Joseph Kosinski , brings gleeful energy to a group portrait of good souls in the American heartland , working one fire after another and living it up in between .
As the actress Sylvia Sidney once said about the weepy parts she had , -LSB- Jennifer -RSB- Connelly should have been paid by the tear .
Takes the kind of imagery normally used to sell beer and pick-up trucks and turns it into something sublime .
Kosinski has us consider the firefighters as people - which may be a gamble for an action movie , but boy , are we sucked through the wringer when inevitable tragedy strikes .
Director Joseph Kosinski makes effective use of the wide-screen frame -LRB- particularly in capturing the Arizona vistas -RRB- , though he fails to build on any of the script 's straightforward themes .
Through its fine performances , considerate direction and character-focused writing , `` Only the Brave '' goes above your average biopic to present something that 's poignant and endearingly familiar .
A powerful feature , partially due to the sacrifices depicted , but primarily because it remains so grounded , appreciating the firefighters on a relatable level , without slopping on layers of melodrama .
This true life accounting of the worst loss of firefighters since 9/11 based on the GQ article `` No Exit '' casts its group of stalwart men as a battle troop where each looks out for the other fighting a common enemy .
` Only the Brave ' is an uplifting , courageous and ultimately heartbreaking salute to these heroes .
... `` Only the Brave '' surprised me because it is a complicated , adult film .
Take out the classic-rock soundtrack , and it could be a vintage Hollywood story of competence , camaraderie and derring-do ; only its title feels generic .
This is a job for real heroes . The reminder of their sacrifice could not come at a more opportune time .
Only the Brave is the kind of movie that it is impossible to not like . I dare you to not fall for this tale of firefighter heroism and tragedy .
Filled with male bonding and macho bravado , it 's a polished , old-fashioned account of heroism , one whose familiar beats and episodic nature somewhat blunt its dramatic spark .
Only the Brave is certainly a hero-worship movie , but it 's elevated by a fine cast and a willingness to show its heroes as human .
A decent , well-crafted film , but ultimately more workmanlike than inspired , though one has to commend its commitment to authenticity while regretting its periodic lapses into domestic melodrama .
It 's rare to see such imaginative energy expended to tell the stories of ` ordinary ' men .
This may not be a story of triumph , but it 's inspiring nevertheless .
Josh Brolin has rarely been better than in this role as the team 's leader , Eric Marsh .
Made with a combination of sincerity and technical skill that is effective on a fundamental level , even if it never quite becomes the devastating emotional experience that it clearly wants to be .
By painstakingly focusing on the smaller , humane aspects of the story , Kosinski does these fallen warriors justice .
`` Only the Brave '' gets better and better as it goes .
Screenwriters Ken Nolan and Eric Warren Singer work with intersecting themes of fatherhood , fallibility , rehabilitation in a way that is obviously complementary but never corny .
This absorbing film gets the message across without sensationalism , delivering a straightforward portrait of regular working men toiling at an uncommonly risky job .
About as narratively satisfying as reading a memorial plaque .
... it leans into its conclusion , amping up the cheese and melodrama , all of which makes the film that much more impactful . As well as tear-inducing .
Joseph Kosinski 's Only the Brave displays a kinship to Howard Hawks 's hard-nosed , old-fashioned pragmatism .
In spite of its A-list cast , the film 's TV movie-of-the-week quality makes this a so-so watch .
Apparently , the Prescott firefighters did n't experience movie cliches in real life , because -- outside of the obligatory `` radio singalong on a bus '' -- Only the Brave does n't have them .
Strong acting and detailed but unfussy direction by Joseph Kosinski carry the film through the few saccharine sticky spots , and overall the film is grounded in examining the kind of person who 's drawn to this work , and what it costs them to do it .
Only the Brave is at its strongest in the easy camaraderie of the elite firefighters , with their goofing around and male bonding . But the film clearly treats its real-life subjects with kid gloves .
Only the Brave weaves together wholesome plot threads that will please mainstream crowds . But it is also boldly staged , with an inventive and informative approach to action filmmaking .
This film makes such firefighters into cartoons , which ill serves their legacy .
Through the ups and downs of training , a few moments of comedic relief and partying , detours into family drama , Only the Brave marches slowly and with increasing intensity .
The majesty of these images is in service of the story and the people in it - a true-life tale that will grasp onto your heart and hold on long after the credits roll .
A sturdy action-adventure with an intriguing real-life hook .
Hollywood loves heroes , and Only the Brave offers up a real-life pantheon .
Majestic and manly .
Under the direction of Joseph Kosinski , a large cast headed by Josh Brolin and Miles Teller bring great vitality and sensitivity to their performances .
An inspiring and remarkable film tribute to these brave -LRB- indeed -RRB- men in a job that is often taken for granted , albeit one that puts you through the wringer at the same time it makes you feel proud .
In the face of human emotions , its craftsmanship turns workmanlike .
A full portrait of sometimes-flawed men doing extraordinary things - an approach that makes the film so moving , its effect so shattering .
Only the Brave is aimed straight at the heart -- and heartland America -- and what makes it unconventional and , yes , brave , is how traditional it is and how well that works .
The pacing is slow and deliberate . Director Joseph Kosinski knows that it takes time to build real relationships and feelings . When the story finally and inevitably leads to Yarnell Hill , in Arizona , the impact is devastating and hard to shake .
The performances are noteworthy , but what really stands out are the fires , majestic and horrifying at the same time .
Knockout work from Josh Brolin and Miles Teller sturdily anchors this sometimes-wobbly firefighter saga based on the 2013 Yarnall Hill disaster .
When the fires start raging , the director stages the action with real confidence . Even if the patriotism is poured on like kerosene , this one burns with intensity .
Only the Brave is a fitting tribute to the men who fought the Yarnell Hill Fire . It is a tale of brotherhood , loyalty , and valor under the most extreme duress .
You might just be emotionally overwhelmed -- in the best way .
While aspects of the routine become mundane , it 's the developing brotherhood amongst the men , and the sense of community around them , that ultimately strengthens this story .
Only The Brave leaves a mark
A gripping and powerfully emotional portrait of yee-haw heroism , pitting a squad of cocky , calendar-purty white dudes against an adversary with no creed or color , just an unquenchable appetite for destruction .
An engaging account of a tragic real-life story .
Only the Brave is a visually splendid , spellbinding , and surreal movie that also happens to be an emotionally shattering , over-the-top ugly-cry for the ages .
Only the Brave is without question the best firefighter film since Backdraft and one that pays tribute to the brave men that sacrificed their own lives to protect thousands of others .
A true-life drama with a sure sense of character and milieu , `` Only the Brave '' is a thoughtful , well-observed look at community , heroism and addiction .
Only the Brave breaks no fresh ground , but it 's a quaint elegy almost exclusively designed to resurrect lives lost , to make the case for why they were worth living . At least on that level , it succeeds .
In an era where the words `` based on a true story '' can give seasoned filmgoers a sinking feeling , this is a film where the complications and messiness of reality add genuine heft to the drama .

@highlight

Only the Brave 's impressive veteran cast and affecting fact-based story add up to a no-frills drama that 's just as stolidly powerful as the real-life heroes it honors .