Works better as a book .
For all of its airs of shifting intrigue , the movie truly comes alive when Broadbent and company allow a little warmth and wit into the mix .
The book 's mysteries and bleak epiphanies prove too subtle for the film to adapt with any deep impact .
... that `` sense of an ending '' the movie tries to create never materializes .
Sense is a certain sort of familiar British drama ... this is a prime example of such works , well produced and finely acted .
A literary adaptation of the literature that is our life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With his English-language debut , Batra proves that his journey as a filmmaker is in sharp contrast with the title of his film .
This intimate , personal story ends up talking , a lot , about the issues of identity and belonging . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It is modestly demanding but it 's also very well acted by a cast led by Jim Broadbent , Harriet Walter and Charlotte Rampling ... and has a pleasing undercurrent of what I admit , at times , is well-concealed optimism .
The Sense of an Ending is a moving film delivered by a stellar cast . And , while it offers a sense of an ending , the truth is it will continue to have you thinking long beyond the final credits .
A film intriguing in its own right , the most provocative element is the story 's invitation to question our own certainties about past events .
-LSB- Sense of Ending -RSB- is a diffuse and less invasively memoiristic version of the Barnes story . This is a tremendous cast : Walter , Dockery , and Mortimer give great performances here .
The plot is full of sex , betrayal , and death , and the acting is lovely .
The film of Julian Barnes 's rueful novel is softer than the original , but everyone with a romantic past-or future-should heed its warnings .
What it lacks in suspense , this modest drama compensates with terrific performances and compelling character dynamics .
Broadbent is superb as the sympathetic curmudgeon who has got to retirement age without facing any difficult truths .
It 's a richly thought-provoking attempt to bring Barnes ' story to life .
All this could n't be further in spirit from the source material , where part of the point is that the `` real '' Tony remains a mystery , even or especially to himself .
This is a quiet film , but it will make a lot of noise inside your head , inside your heart .
Broadbent 's familiar from his many turns as sweet , slightly dotty old gents , so it 's good -LRB- and sometimes unsettling -RRB- to see him playing something a bit darker and meatier .
After the Mumbai-based and highly acclaimed The Lunchbox , and Batra brings the same keen sensibility to this adaptation of Julian Barnes 's Man Booker Prize-winning novella of the same name .
Ritesh Batra 's adaptation , based on a screenplay by British playwright Nick Payne , unfolds like a mystery . There is n't a crime scene to investigate , but rather the detritus of fading memories .
Attempts to seize profundity from all the timeline-leaping are laboured and heavy-handed , marked by some clunky spots of doddering-seniors-in-the-21st century-style humour .
The Sense of an Ending makes more sense as a novel than a feature film ; on screen -LSB- ... -RSB- It is a commendable effort from both director and cast , but it ca n't be viewed as anything other than an admirable failure at best .
Good books tend to make bad movies , but The Sense of an Ending is a rare and satisfying exception .
The Sense Of An Ending would be watchable as a Sunday evening TV drama , but there 's nothing cinematic about this slight , anti-climactic story of a retired Londoner who is shaken by the death of someone he knew as a teenager .
Director Ritesh Batra 's camera is particularly adept at capturing the subtle flags that indicate that people know each other a little too well .
Halfway through The Sense of an Ending , just at the point where Jim Broadbent was gulping , goldfish-like , through yet another Gollumy monologue -- does he do any other sort ? -- I wondered , who is this film actually for ?
This an introspective story about finding closure , and it 's nice that the filmmakers avoid ramping up the narrative to push a big emotional climax . Instead , it 's in the small moments that the film rings true .
Director Ritesh Batra 's film treatment offers many incidental pleasures , including its naturalistic London locations and Jim Broadbent 's gruff , minor-key portrayal of the central character .
Loved the book , but grew increasingly lukewarm about the film .
Tony and his frenemies are a peculiar bunch . Hang out with them while you can .
Thoughtful and quietly moving , The Sense of an Ending is an exploration of the pull of nostalgia , and the selective editing of memory .
Broadbent is very engaging in the lead role of Tony , a curmudgeonly retiree who 's forced to confront his past when the mother of his first love dies and leaves him a diary in her will .
A film that 's a contemplative reflection on our emotional lives rather than an emotional experience in itself .
A monotonous trudge through the unfulfilled life of a self-absorbed , mildly unpleasant , rather drippy elderly man .
A rueful affair that unfolds with a quiet , autumnal elegance and proves that it is never too late to strive for redemption .
As a part for Jim Broadbent , this is a supremely natural , silky-glove fit . He gets to be haughty , a little cantankerous , rude to his postman .
The performances are transfixing throughout . But it does not satisfy emotionally , as the ending of The Sense of an Ending makes no sense . It 's a -LRB- Non -RRB- Sense of an Ending .
Thematically , the film throws far too much into the pot , to the point where it climaxes on something of an obscure whimper .
It 's Broadbent 's movie , the man is superb , at the top of his game with sardonic wisecracks and a weary world-view .
What begins as a nostalgic and humdrum family drama grows more and more compelling the darker it becomes .
The changes suit the demands of mainstream cinema and the warm aesthetic Batra exhibited in his first film . This is a smart piece of translation .
Broadbent is a marvel playing horribly against type ...
A classy ensemble -LRB- Charlotte Rampling , Harriet Walter -RRB- supports Jim Broadbent 's amusingly tetchy lead , while youthful flashbacks evoke a mood of romantic yearning .
It 's nicely cast , pleasantly wistful and the scenes between Broadbent and an alternately genial and withering Walter are to be savoured .
The Lunchbox had an indelible charm ; an absorbing , gentle piece of cinema that was a complete delight to indulge in . Batra 's latest , while not quite as endearingly simplistic , still thrives in a similar capacity .
This is a mature film that asks us to bring a lot of ourselves to it .
A handsome and well-acted rumination on memory , boyhood and ageing that sees Ritesh Batra deliver a solid rather than inspired interpretation of Julian Barnes ' prize winner .
For a narrative that deals with the idea of subjective interpretation , Batra 's storytelling style is oddly flat and unpoetic .
For all the talent in front of the camera , it 's a dull affair , lifeless , inert and almost exquisitely boring ; its supposed revelations do n't add up to much , dramatically or psychologically .
This well-acted drama has its moments . But as with so many highly pedigreed literary adaptations , these flashes of insight and poignant power just make The Sense of an Ending 's ultimate failure even more frustrating .
Broadbent and Walter are perfectly paired ...
An exceedingly dense film for all its quotidian concerns .
The story never has anywhere interesting to go . The `` mystery '' turns out to be a yawner , and the various relationships struggle to reach the level of blah .
Watching The Sense of an Ending , I was struck by the realization that this should have been a good movie .
It 's an intriguing meditation on the slippery slope of memory and regret : the crucial difference between your life and the story of your life , however it chooses to unfold .
Broadbent gives The Sense of an Ending the depth Batra aims to extract from Barnes ' book . But the meandering stroll through Tony 's timelines and recollections probably works better on the page than on the screen .
Perhaps it is intentional , but `` The Sense of an Ending '' really does leave you with only a sense of completion . It is a thoughtful film , populated by a strong , watchable cast , but its cryptic story and detached pacing will likely polarize audiences .
Director Ritesh Batra 's adaptation of Julian Barnes 's my-theme-is-memory novel serves as a grand showcase for star Jim Broadbent as a sour old soul who is ever so gently forced to reckon with his past .
-LSB- T -RSB- he movie 's final , foggy revelations feel more like a trick than the truth .
Beyond Broadbent 's rich portrait of Tony 's wide-eyed surprise and bumbling reassessments , Batra has found various deft ways of making Barnes 's points about time and memory ...
Broadbent , so often a supporting player , is a treat in the lead role , soft and mournful , but with a youthful gleam in his eye .
A film that challenges you to figure things out rather than have them spoon-fed to you . . -LSB- a -RSB- nd it gives Broadbent ... the relatively rare opportunity to shine in a lead role worthy of his gifts .
Broadbent , the actor , fits in very well in a universe where cameras are repaired in tiny shops and people 's favorite poets are Philip Larkin . Rampling ? Dylan Thomas ? Hold on to your seats .
Because film is by nature a more literal medium than literature , and because the novella 's first-person account has by necessity graded into cinematic omniscience , Batra 's adaptation forfeits the ambiguity that for Barnes was precisely the point .
What carries us through the unconventional structure are Batra 's empathetic direction and strong performances , especially Broadbent .
Director Ritesh Batra adapts the Man Booker Prize-winning novel into a contemplative but compelling tale about regret , remorse and redemption .
It 's a cozy movie with a decidedly un-cozy message - about the perils of resuscitating our pasts , and the even bigger risk of leaving them be .
`` The Sense of an Ending '' does not provide easy answers . But it raises intriguing questions .
Broadbent is appealing as always , but the movie is too subdued to make full use of his talents .
Payne 's screenplay does n't always live up to Broadbent 's talents . But the actor never disappoints , and `` The Sense of an Ending '' is so much better as a result .
The Sense of an Ending offers the kind of literary pleasures that low-budget , actor-driven movies do so well these days .
Maybe Barnes ' material would be better treated in two 90-minute parts on the BBC . It needs the space to let the audience buy into a version of Tony 's history before revealing his unreliability .
Here 's one of those Brit pics that , despite impeccable acting and meticulous production values , ca n't get enough emotional drive .
Barnes ' novel , winner of the 2011 Man Booker Prize , is elevated in a way the movie ca n't reach ; it has a jewellike perfection to it , while the movie 's simply quite good .
I think Batra is smart to have shifted the movie 's focus to Tony 's adult missteps , which after all he 's in a position to do something about . And does , in a way that is decent and humane .
An exemplary work about the way we select and file our memories , conveniently editing what we choose to forget .
Broadbent humanizes the mystery and makes us care long past the point where we 've solved it .
A story that 's ultimately too abstract and slight to sustain itself .
It posits that the best thing we can do is love each other and try to do our best , and apologize when we do n't . Packaged into a story told sensitively , that 's a lesson worth remembering .
Director Ritesh Batra -LRB- best known for The Lunchbox -RRB- does a remarkable job of making the movie 's mystery seem much more transgressive than it is , and he is aided by an outstanding performance from Jim Broadbent .
Without an actor of Broadbent 's poise and humor , The Sense of an Ending - which , I must add , is appropriately also the title of a famous work of literary criticism by Frank Kermode about theories of fiction - would be a bit too fusty .
Memories may be unreliable in compelling , mature drama .
While you ca n't help but wish the plot would lead somewhere , the performances are all quietly powerful .
You only spoon-feed an audience that way when you do n't trust them - or do n't trust your ability to connect with them on a deeper level . In this case , it 's probably both .
A film that 's well-acted but tastefully restrained to a fault , with gentle humor about aging and a central mystery that is n't all that engaging .
May just be the most British movie ever made .
Batra 's gentle touch softens The Sense of an Ending melancholic edges .
Gradually , we witness the puzzle 's pieces falling into place . But not TOO neatly , thankfully .
`` The Sense of and Ending '' is an odd little mystery story about a man who has lived his life in delusion .
There are some good performances here , with Emily Mortimer as Veronica 's flirtatious mother the highlight , but `` The Sense of an Ending '' is truth in advertising .
If The Sense of an Ending is an object lesson in the heedless cruelty of the young , it 's also , in Broadbent 's versatile hands , a moving account of the inner turmoil of a man with little time left to right a wrong .
A thoughtful probe into the efforts of an elderly man to achieve closure in a past intimate relationship .
The movie is ultimately Broadbent 's showcase , and he shoulders the dramatic burden with sly , curmudgeonly expertise .
Alain Resnais would have nailed this . Ritesh Batra -LRB- `` The Lunchbox '' -RRB- does not , but he puts in a solid effort .
The film totters into a redemptive sentimentality that would n't even play if it were made to seem more earned .
It takes a while to recognize that The Sense Of An Ending is essentially a portrait of a jerk .
RRitesh Batra 's The Sense of an Ending is a tale of white nostalgia that should have found its footing on dramatic grounds .
An elegant anthem to one man 's effort to make sense of a tortuous past and achieve closure , anchored by mesmerizing turns from Jim Broadbent and Charlotte Rampling .
The melodrama alone conveys the writer 's conviction that even in old age one 's understanding of life can be swept away in an instant .
On screen , the delicacy of the performances stands in for the lyricism of Barnes ' prose .
In the end , `` something happened , '' but not quite in the sense that the artistic trust ... intended .
Had this well-meaning movie been more willing to directly embrace its origins in Barnes 's luminous prose , it 's quite possible it might be something special rather than something worthy .
More than anything , The Sense of an Ending reinforces Batra as a keen observer of small moments .
Julian Barnes ' short , penetrating novel about how we self-protectively edit our memories receives an intelligent , low-key , necessarily diluted big-screen treatment in The Sense of an Ending .
Its most receptive audiences will almost certainly be older , with enough life experience to recognize the mix of curiosity and regret that ensnares us like so many wild brambles each time we hazard a stroll down Memory Lane .

@highlight

Anchored by a strong starring performance by Jim Broadbent , The Sense of an Ending proves consistently gripping even as it skims the narrative surface of its literary source material .