Takes some unique angles at familiar situations and allows the nerdy chemistry between its leads to play out naturally .
Celeste and Jesse Forever is that much needed refreshing take on the modern romantic comedy that 's become worn down by repeated tries and mediocre duplicates .
Celeste and Jesse Forever feels longer than it is , but the chemistry between the two leads Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg more than make up for that .
Its bittersweet conclusion hits you square in the gut .
Thematic murkiness aside , the film achieves a mostly successful mix of mainstream and indie sensibilities .
Rashida Jones ' first lead feature role is a likeable enough effort to step out from the tube ...
-LSB- A -RSB- charming , lightweight comedy ...
The film bears a kinship with the underrated 2006 film The Break-Up ; both are , for lack of a better term , post-romantic comedies by exploring the largely virgin territory of what happens long after the meet-cute , when life takes hold and love goes sour .
The film shows its toothless nature when it refuses to properly eviscerate Emma Roberts 's silly tweenie pop star . But there are worse crimes than being just a little bit too nice .
With its refusal to follow the usual romantic-comedy formula , this snappy and observant movie is a nice surprise .
Aside from the premise of two people who ca n't seem to separate , the storyline is nearly non-existent . All in all , rather annoying .
Charming and not without its moments , but far too conventional to capture the complexity it strives for .
There are some nice moments , but it 's unbearably self-conscious and nowhere does it resemble real life .
The leads are engaging enough but it 's too inconsequential to make you care .
There is quiet , seditious verve to the way expectations are derailed and then re-railed , just as in those areas of real life that still exist even outside the expanding Sundance empire of middlebrow observationalism .
That title does n't lie : the romantic comedy Celeste & Jesse Forever really does feel like Celeste and Jesse , forever .
Engaging , sharply observed and refreshingly cliché-averse relationship comedy-drama with a strong script and superb central performances ...
All the wry banter and gentle soul-searching in the world ca n't save the audience from drifting into apathy .
A flawed but intriguing take on a well-worn genre .
This is an enjoyable and breezy enough watch thanks to its appealing lead duo .
There are some funny moments and some sharp lines but it 's the chemistry between the two likeable leads that makes this so undeniably sweet .
It 's not a bad set-up , but the film lets everyone talk a lot without ever having much to say .
A low-fi indie that swiftly slums into terminal feyness .
A sassy and charming romantic comedy where the loosely scripted laughs play authentically and sometimes painfully .
Celeste and Jesse Forever overcomes many potential limitations because its characters are so richly drawn .
It 's an example of a clever actress taking control of her career .
Most romantic comedies begin with meeting cute and , by the end , after some ups and downs , wedding bells are probably in the offing . CELESTE AND JESSE FOREVER rings the changes .
Finally , there 's something a little sketchy about the movie , a little unfinished and scattergun . The figure of Jesse recedes in importance , and it 's Celeste whose delusions we focus on .
It seems a little unfair that Rashida Jones - the great talent who has long gone unappreciated and underrepresented on TV shows The Office and Parks and Recreation - did n't get a meaty big screen role until she wrote one for herself .
Although some of the action is infantile and unbelievable , the charm of the characters and a charismatic performance by Jones in particular , allows much of this energy filled , zany love story to zip along
If anyone can make you sympathise with affluent LA yuppies , Rashida Jones can .
Devastatingly truthful and agonising moments of grief and coming to terms that you 've made mistakes makes it an unpredictable and an organic above average debut .
Celeste and Jesse Forever is not an affront to cinema or anything of the sort but it is mediocre from beginning to end .
This potentially aggravating comedy remains sweet , smart and very enjoyable .
in a curious inversion of romantic norms , there will be obstacles aplenty in the way of this couple 's blissful split
A rote rom-com in disguise .
Celeste and Jesse Forever is a messy film , but every single moment is graced with such profound emotional authenticity that those issues hardly matter .
Far smarter and original than the phony , empty romantic comedies Hollywood usually churns out .
... a break-up song that describes the sputtering end of a marriage with rare clarity and compassion for the decent hearts involved .
Worth a look , but it 's nowhere near as clever and hip as it tries to be .
At the center of it all is Jones ' funny and charming performance as Celeste .
The handheld ` indie ' camerawork , the crane shot outside a wedding tent that lifts into the night sky as kids with sparklers run by in slow motion -- such dress-up fails to elevate a script that would be better served by a less pretentious presentation .
The give and take here feels completely real , and each character is likable while also flawed and vulnerable .
-LRB- Rashida -RRB- Jones and -LRB- Andy -RRB- Samberg give personable performances . Jones has more screen time in which to display her acting range . And she is not afraid to show her character 's flaws ; at times you do n't like her attitude or behavior .
Ultimately , the characters ring true ... and true to each other .
To its credit , `` Celeste and Jesse Forever '' wants to be more than a formulaic farce . It succeeds to the extent that the neighbors keep up with Jones .
The movie is sometimes quite funny and sometimes quite affecting , but almost never at the same time , and those pieces do n't fit together as well as they should .
Building a relationship around the shared love of a masturbatory joke involving a bottle of Blistex is undoubtedly as sturdy a foundation as any twosome has ever known .
Celeste & Jesse Forever is far funnier than you 'd expect a film about a tortuous split to be -- and more deft and melancholy than any other comedy I can recall that co-stars a six-foot bong and a tub of Cheese Balls .
Skates by on being simply R-rated `` adorable .
A different kind of romantic comedy : one that starts at the end and tries to make sense of itself .
Well-intentioned but underdeveloped and self-satisfied , it feels at times like the ultimate movie for the millennial generation , or at least its stereotype .
It speaks with the sobriety of a reformed romantic who warns that drinking to someone only with one 's heart can lead to a regret-filled hangover the next day .
Tries to blend chick flick staples with bro humor but never quite gets the mix right .
Tiresome and shallow , it 's only 90 minutes in length but it somehow seems like forever .
A kinder , gentler divorce comedy ... Jones ' commitment to portraying Celeste at least as much for her flaws as her strengths winds up making the character more likeable .
The best movie couple of the summer is getting a divorce .
It 's supposed to exemplify witty , edgy , indie comedy . But `` Celeste and Jesse Forever '' turns out to be a formula movie ...
Too exaggerated and fussy to register as meaningful , while laboring through two shallow performances by Jones and Samberg , who come across as more of a dysfunctional improvisation duo than a plausibly aching couple .
Jones and co-star Andy Samberg are an agreeable pair , but nothing about Celeste or Jesse would make you want to spend an evening with them , much less eternity .
The compulsive self-blame that follows a breakup feel drawn from life , and lend the movie gravity .
How delightfully funny Jones is .
The movie feels lived in by its characters and its makers , which is more than you can say for most romantic comedies , indie or otherwise .
Yes , the characters are impossibly beautiful and hip , but beyond that , they seem real .
With such erratic construction , the scant 91-minute runtime feels like it goes on forever .
`` Celeste and Jesse Forever '' feels like it was created as a deliberate experiment : Can you write a romantic comedy that avoids the cliches of a romcom ?
It 's easier to respect this attempt to toy with the cliches of romantic comedy than it is to enjoy the result .
The tone established by director Lee Toland Krieger is flippant when it needs to be , ironic when it needs to be , playful when it needs to be , and serious when it needs to be .
Hits a dull patch and becomes an expected tale of regret .
The problem with Celeste and Jesse Forever is that it inserts these two believable characters-and their credible conflict-into a rather lazy and conventional romantic comedy .
It 's a mixed bag all in all , a hybrid that does n't quite soar .
This is a `` personal '' movie in a typically impersonal genre . And it gets at the way women , newly arrived on the dating scene and all their defenses down , can be stupefied by men .
Yet one more of a series of summer films in which attractive , ambitious young women are punished for not accepting the man-children in their lives despite their torn-teddy-bear flaws .
Really shines as these people , whose codependence has trapped them in a state of arrested development , start to grow up -- for the most part , at least .
Both old-fashioned and modern , both funny and melancholic , the witty , heartfelt `` Celeste and Jesse Forever '' is populated by moments that at first appear all too familiar , then turn out to surprise you .
This romantic comedy is ambitious and thoughtful , asking us to consider what makes a really good marriage , yet it 's based on a sort of narrative sleight of hand .
Absolutely confirms that Jones deserves more starring roles ... funny and frustrating .
Underneath it is an honest concern about how to learn to treat people well and kindly after the end . Or to get to an ending , or a new beginning , in the first place .
A good-hearted romantic comedy about a likable couple - so likable , indeed , that it swims upstream against the current of our desires .
The two main characters are n't very likeable and their relationship dynamics feel contrived .
More than a mere laugh-fest , Lee Toland Krieger delivers a portrait of a relationship rife with contemporary uncertainties .
... a better-than-average romantic comedy that benefits substantially from the efforts of its personable stars .
The reward for sitting through Celeste and Jesse Forever comes in watching Samberg and especially Jones , who are so likable they almost make up for those shortcomings .
The whole thing is a step above studio romantic comedies , but that 's not saying much .
Talky hipster romcom explores the `` perfect '' divorce .
Jones and Samberg are appealing and believable as a couple that are n't sure how to move on from what 's been the defining relationship of their lives .
Jones and McCormack have a nice feel for the day-to-day minutiae of coupledom - the inside jokes , funny voices and oddball routines that nobody else ever understands , and that hurt like hell to abandon .
As director Lee Toland Krieger desperately attempts to keep this film on a comic track , his actors ' script awkwardly escapes him , insisting on its indie spirit in the last act .
It may have the faintest relationship to any kind of reality , but Jones ' tart performance cuts through the saccharine .
We want the pie-in-the-face moments , and the script figurative splatters them on Celeste , but never completely humiliates her . She has some dignity intact . Barely .
The summer 's most unpredictable , low-key and clear-sighted romantic comedy .
More often than not `` Celeste and Jesse Forever '' delivers an affectionate and intelligent look at how even the closest couples can find that breaking up is so very hard to do .
It 's a shame that Celeste & Jesse plummets into conventionality in its second half , because it starts out so promisingly .
This is n't so much a rom-com or even a break-up movie as it is a portrait of a woman getting her unearned certainty about life shaken up a bit , and coming to terms with her own imperfections .
Rashida Jones is a very likable personality and , with her career ambitions ... nice wardrobe and positive attitude , will appeal to women . The story , though , does not cross the gender gap , making this a film NOT for date night .
The more these two likable people rattled on , the more I found myself thinking about the elusive distinction between characters talking genuinely smart talk and simply chattering for the camera .
While `` Celeste and Jesse '' is decidedly conventional in most respects , it 's pretty swell as an exploration of a relationship between a man and a woman that 's no longer predicated by mutual desire .
Maybe Celeste and Jesse Forever sometimes works too hard at being funny-sad . Still , it 's admirable in its pursuit of an unnamable beast that 's elusive and fragile : The funny sadness of the whole damn thing .
... an astute analysis of the emotions that come into play when a couple realizes they are better off as best friends and how even that relationship must shift to accommodate new romantic partners .
I think some people who see this will buy Rashida Jones and Andy Samberg as a couple more than I did . I liked them better when they were apart and looking for new love .
Falling in and out of love , one goes out with someone new and the other gets jealous . who will end up with whom ? That is the roller coaster ride that is this film and if you buy into the premise , it will enhance your enjoyment of the film immensely .
Rashida Jones ' first starring vehicle joins the stack of rom-com movies still working the premise of When Harry Met Sally : Can a man and a woman be friends without -LRB- or after -RRB- having sex ?
Jones co-wrote the uneven script with Will McCormack , and one ca n't help wishing she 'd aimed higher . Acknowledging cineplex clichés is n't enough if you still wind up embracing , rather than subverting , them .
Celeste and Jesse Forever rises above the rom-com herd with breakout star performances from Jones and Samberg and a willingness to replace clichés with painful truths .
I 'd rather watch five divorce movies like this than one more featuring Katherine Heigl getting married .
A low-fi , somewhat sloppy collection of relationship bits and shrewdly observed comedy of gender differences , this Los Angeles-based dramedy coasts along on the accrued goodwill of its game cast .
The movie keeps taking us , like its characters , by surprise .
... if Celeste and Jesse Forever is a showcase for anyone -- and it is -- you 'd first have to note Jones and Samberg .
A film that starts with a breakup and moves toward , well , no resolution that 's traditionally satisfying , is a film that truly understands the sublime and painful comedy of having been in love .
`` Celeste and Jesse Forever '' is by no means a parody of romantic comedy cliches , but rather an acknowledgement of them en route to an exploration of greater emotional truths .
A very simple romantic comedy , coasting along on its likable leads ' chemistry through their bittersweet breakup .
A notably lo-fi entry into the recent trend of romantic comedies that think acknowledging the genre 's clichés is as good as subverting them .
Meanders at times and delivers into predictable mainstream rom-com territory , but Rashida Jones ' unquestionable talent keeps it afloat and keeps every moment interesting .
Less a date movie than a chick flick , if only because it may inspire the kind of relationship conversations that guys rarely want to have .
An honest and breezily melancholic film , thoroughly clear-sighted in its intentions and ideas and bravely committed to the emotional rigors of its central relationship .
Watching two actors play against their established personas gives Celeste and Jesse extra -LRB- and exciting -RRB- punch .
Though Samberg nicely handles his dramatic scenes and eliminates all the shtick you might expect from SNL , Jones is the clear standout .
This one 's a winner .
Rashida Jones turns in a beautiful , multi-faceted performance that -LRB- if anything in Hollywood is fair -RRB- should push her into a higher level of roles and films .
Jones is unafraid to make her character self-destructive and unlikeable ... I really like where they go with these relationships .
This movie will not find an audience . It 's got likable stars , a reliable commercial genre and a decent supporting cast , but nobody will turn out to see it , even if it was a labor of love .
A real winner . This could be a big breakout hit for Rashida Jones . Lots of laughs , and lots of heart .
Krieger keeps things on an even keel between hilarity and heartache , if not necessarily even between his problems and hers .
Celeste & Jesse Forever earns points for bucking formula , but its fusion of snark and sincerity has a calculated slickness that rings increasingly hollow .
While Celeste And Jesse marks Jones as ready to make the leap from TV to film , it also shows that she maybe should n't be her own screenwriter .
Borrows tropes from the rom-com playbook , and has enough laughs to be mistaken for one , but ultimately does n't want to be pigeonholed .








@highlight

While it does n't subvert the genre as incisively as it thinks it does , Celeste and Jesse Forever is a shrewd rom-com that benefits from its likable cast and trumpets the arrival of Rashida Jones as a bona fide big screen talent .