How a kid becomes a fascist .
Demands that kind of close attention , and rewards it as well .
Sudden lens strobe and Scott Walker 's sawing score connect the character to the tumult of 20th century Europe , suggesting the child is its destructive heir , and the film climaxes with a remarkable final sequence
The problem with the film is that it promises more than it delivers .
... this is an odd , slow moving and only partly successful film .
Corbet draws an incredible performance out of young debutant Tom Sweet . This is not a one-dimensional or one-note depiction of a misbehaving child but rather a tremendously nuanced turn .
The Childhood of a Leader signals a fascinating new talent in art cinema : the actor Brady Corbet .
The film is clear that no struggle is small to those who engage in it , be they people or nations , and the repercussions of careless decisions can be catastrophic .
Bold and intelligent , this dark drama is a challenging portrait of the making of an authoritarian dictator .
Childhood is less a j' accuse than a bad , half-remembered dream about history .
The film , shot in very dark hues , has a sombre power and twisted humour about it that is only accentuated by its elliptical narrative style .
-LSB- A -RSB- bold and brilliant debut that heralds a major new talent .
There are times when you feel as though very little is happening , but this is a bold , uncompromising film that gradually takes a hold .
Never dull .
A gripping , offbeat period drama with a tremendous musical score from the great Scott Walker .
An impressive first film that marks Corbet as a talent to watch .
Cinematic wankery at its most puerile . Two hours of the sun setting revealing that this is why it gets dark at night would not have been more pointless .
This is a film where even the smallest gesture accrues a sinister weight ; a film in which there are no moments of innocence .
an adult film about Europe 's -LRB- and the world 's -RRB- permanent pre-adolescence .
A visually striking and scarily assured piece of filmmaking .
It 's a good idea , and Robert Pattinson of Twilight is in fine form as the final Leader . Maybe it 's the gloom he likes .
Tom Sweet 's measured performance is mesmerising .
With expressionist leanings , bilingual dialogue and Scott Walker 's strings , it may leave some cold , not least Twi-hards -LRB- Robert Pattinson co-stars -RRB- . But submit to Corbet 's vision and you 'll find something original and unsettling .
The fetid atmosphere is deliciously maintained in a film that boasts an invigorating clash between steady accretion and high bombast .
Sharp-honed irony is mixed with assaultive power . The last of four sections is like a Shostakovich scherzo come to life : manic , martial , sarcastic .
Ambitious period fantasy that poses existential questions about those we call monsters .
's not to trivialise the nuanced and serious Childhood of a Leader to say that it would work well as a prequel to a Fantastic Four movie that focused on the character of Latverian dictator Dr Doom .
It might be considered arch for a young first-timer to release a movie with this title , but Corbet has earned the right to be precocious . What an exciting debut .
Enforced doctrine is the devil here , whether it 's coming from the church or closer to home , as we watch the boy begin to flex his Machiavellian tendencies .
This is not always a subtle film , but its spooky mood leaves a strong impression .
You have to applaud the bravura craft components of the film , even though you may dislike its pretentiousness .
Stripped to the bones and felt rather than seen and heard . A fantastic first effort by Brady Corbet .
The ending does n't quite land , but this timely right-wing allegory promises there 's much more to come from Corbet .
Here 's an auteur willing to go over the edge to depict the dark side of his fellow mortals .
-LSB- Brady Corbet -RSB- avoids real intellectualizing and , despite his ambitious technique , sticks to the superficial political innuendo of pseudo-political art movies .
Brady Corbet 's disturbing psycho-historical melodrama is like the Stanley Kubrick edit of The Grand Budapest Hotel .
This is a director 's showcase and Corbet , with the support of a superb tech team -LRB- especially composer Scott Walker -RRB- impresses and fascinates .
The Childhood of a Leader is a dark and creepy work , flawed but ambitious and well worth seeing .
The movie may be imperfect , but it still feels like an important cinematic experience worth having , and therefore worth seeing .
Studious in its homages to somber masters past and present , The Childhood Of A Leader pulls out intriguing moments whenever it threatens to turn repetitious .
All dread all the time , and rich enough in mood that you may be inclined to forgive the familiarity of its narrative trajectory and anchoring psychology .
That it has the courage of cryptic-ness , and leaves sympathetic viewers intrigued long after its final images have faded , is enough to mark The Childhood of a Leader as an uncommonly promising debut .
It 's a persuasive portrait of a monster-to-be , one etched in thrown tantrums and rocks , and heavily supported by an excellent cast ...
It 's an ambitious , often arresting film , but it lacks cohesion , and the seesawing plot and motivations seem more indecisive than mysterious . Still , it 's a promising debut ...
It 's to the film 's credit that , for long passages , The Childhood of a Leader feels more mysterious and nuanced than its central allegory
It 's an art film version of `` The Bad Seed , '' where the antics are minor but the outcome is even bigger : One never expects the kid who acts up a little bit will one day almost destroy the world .
Brady Corbet reaches for a dreary self-importance akin to Michael Haneke 's The White Ribbon .
The film subtly links the complex bureaucracy required to pursue stability between nations with the fostering of certain conditions that allow resentful egotists with dangerous ideas to flourish if we let them .
-LSB- Brady Corbet -RSB- makes his directorial feature debut with The Childhood of a Leader , and what an explosive and thrilling debut it is .
There are shades of Haneke and Von Trier -LRB- Corbet worked with both as an actor -RRB- in its willingness to antagonize the viewer , as well as a fondness for the formalism of times past .
This first feature by 27-year-old American director Brady Corbet combines a fine Euro cast , grandiose art direction and a thundering score by Scott Walker , but the result is an embarrassing hodgepodge that 's very hard to follow .
The Childhood of a Leader is a dark , enigmatic piece of work that hovers between visionary greatness and petty domestic triviality . Corbet 's inaugural stint behind the camera marks a stunning debut .
The Childhood Of A Leader is as relentlessly sombre and compelling as the film 's remarkable , full-volume orchestral soundtrack by musician 's musician Scott Walker .
The Childhood of a Leader is an intense and complex film about the rise of a sociopath that will leave an indelible impression for days afterward .
Corbet should leave this exhaustingly auspicious freshman effort with plenty of notes ; one suspects , with some intrigue , that he 'll return with far more for us .
Corbet 's swinging for the fences lands visually , moreso than ideologically , by pilfering from Kubrick and Visconti to interesting effect .
Much is suggested , little explained , but The Childhood of a Leader is rich with allegorical meaning and we 're left with plenty to chew on between elliptical episodes .
He spends 100 or so minutes coiling his film tightly , before letting it explode in psychological warfare and horrible violence .
This dark and mysterious sort-of coming-of-age drama is borderline impenetrable on some occasions , and borderline infuriating on others . The sort of experience perfect for the festival circuit and poison for the box office .
With his unusually accomplished directorial debut , Corbet delivers a strange and startling film that reflects the unique trajectory of his career , as well as the influence of the iconoclastic directors with whom he 's already worked .

@highlight

The Childhood of a Leader mirrors the rise of fascism in post-WWI Europe with a well-acted , confidently crafted look at one young man 's unsettling coming of age .