The emotions were there , but it felt like they were forcing them to be there . Almost like they were telling you they were there , not showing you .
It would have been really interesting to see Pixar go the whole nine yards and conceive The Good Dinosaur free of all dialogue , but what we have is admittedly still fairly engaging
It is predictable but that 's not such a bad thing when done right . Our hero learns his lesson and manages to ` make his mark ' . The same can not be said about the film that , nevertheless , is a delight to watch .
There ought to be asterisk next to `` Good , '' stipulating that in terms of the animation , it 's not just good - it 's revolutionary , breathtaking and boundary-pushing .
The characterisation is poor , the screenplay decidedly mediocre and the action repetitive .
This animation may not be one of Pixar 's finest , but it is adorable and a beautiful work of art .
If you go to see `` The Good Dinosaur '' and think you are too old or big for an animated film , go to be delighted and awed by the beauty Pixar has created for this far-fetched tale .
The Good Dinosaur could have been the great dinosaur , but instead barely manages to scrape by as the mediocre dinosaur .
The Good Dinosaur is not a bad movie : it just not even close to what we expected . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It may not redefine what animated kids ' movies are capable of doing , like Inside Out did , but I 'll take it over a song-filled princess movie any day .
A quality family film and well-made Pixar movie .
The Good Dinosaur is unsatisfying , its repetitive themes and lack of memorable moments making it quite forgettable .
The Good Dinosaur is a children 's fable that is more than content to be exactly what it is and little more .
Even for a Pixar production , this is a technically stunning piece of animation , and there 's great use of landscape and water that often provides a stark contrast to the more cuddly central characters .
I personally object to kitschy , green , Mickey-D type plastic toys in a Sam Peckinpah type western setting , but the bottom line is , it 's quite a good small-child film .
Middle-tier Pixar is a lot higher than other middle-tiers .
The rocks , trees , rivers and mountains are so real and breathtaking , it makes you itch for a pause button to linger and to stare .
While conventional rather than adventurous , it 's a simple and sentimental story about a likeable hero who overcomes the odds to become the dinosaur his father always dreamed he 'd be .
The script is puzzlingly devoid of wit , the conflicts and character arcs are unimaginative and stale , the pacing is inexorable , and the plotting is rudimentary at best .
No matter how predictable the journey , the visuals and heart-tugging moments are both timeless and top of the line .
Although it stars friendly dinosaurs , the theme of overcoming fear -- or , in fact , learning to live with fear -- is handled in a more mature way than many live-action features .
The performances on all fronts are vibrant and thoroughly engaging , while the story - which was stuck in a troubled six-year long production - is unexpectedly simplistic , the overall result still works in its favour .
While the humour and supporting menagerie of characters feel slightly stale , Arlo and Spot 's relationship is a remarkable feat of emotional evolution .
As sublime as 3D character animation gets .
It 's a beautiful , touching , and exciting tale of learning to grow up in a world where loss and death are a part of life .
The Good Dinosaur is a much better film than Cars but the newer movie 's propensity for sentimentality and Americana does indeed recall the earlier , unlovely Pixar adventure .
It certainly has its charms and is several notches better than a lot of the computer-animated mayhem passed off as children 's entertainment these days , but its impact is almost entirely in the moment .
While The Good Dinosaur does have things to admire about it , including beautiful animation and some intriguing characters , it 's ultimately one of Pixar 's weaker efforts thanks to an overly-familiar story and themes .
A deeply affecting and impossibly beautiful film that is steeped in genuine emotion , colorful characters , and a moving moral message .
By turns breath-taking to look at and emotionally engaging , the film has to rate as a triumph for the way in which it can appeal to audiences of every age while perhaps relying more on classic storytelling elements .
One of Pixar 's more entertaining recent efforts ...
Hyper cartoon design in the foreground and IMAX realism in the background makes an odd dichotomy and it 's hard to see the point .
While not up there with Toy Story 3 and The Incredibles as Pixar 's best , this is still a warm and wonderfully told tale . Arlo may be The Good Dinosaur but this is a great movie .
What does stand out is the animation , especially the realistic depiction of flowing rivers , raging storms , placid lagoons , geysers and thermal pools . And the Apatosaurus are cute too .
An awesome technical feat , The Good Dinosaur is a very good Pixar film , but not quite a great one , even if it is highly likeable all the same .
In 2015 , for the first time in the company 's history , Pixar released two films . One of them was wonderful . The other was The Good Dinosaur .
Very good indeed .
Good enough , even if it 's not as Pixar perfect as we 've come to expect .
As bright and fast-moving as it is , The Good Dinosaur is very much a colour-by-numbers effort . Pixar has covered this sort of territory so many times now that recurring themes -LSB- about being yourself -RSB- have become rote to all but the youngest Pixar fans .
The latest Pixar/Disney feature is a somewhat head-scratching affair with some sweet charms and cute laughs but nothing like the complexity and profundity of Inside Out .
Just nice , basic fun , really .
It plays a little long , but the visuals are spectacular in Pixar 's holiday film about family and overcoming fear . It 's a curious blend of coming of age story , buddy movie and mid west adventure
What 's missing is any sense of unified purpose or vision .
You 'll get a greater sense of father-son bonding in Sanjay 's Super Team , the seven-minute short that plays before the feature .
While the coming-of-age narrative is familiar enough -- separated from his family a young dinosaur must rise to a series of challenges before he can claim his place in the natural order -- the parallel universe in which it is set is nicely realised .
The story works in service of the visuals , when the opposite should be true .
A visual delight , a simple story with a reminiscent of classic Disney and one that carries the traditional emotional `` Pixar seal of approval '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This peculiar and original rad movie with a touch of a western is a total delight , with lots of humor and animation that will leave you breathless . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Subversively sweet , recommended as an imaginative diversion for dinosaur-obsessed youngsters .
From the PIXAR division of Disney , `` The Good Dinosaur '' is a visual treat for the eyes .
However hastily put-together Dinosaur feels , it 's still as sincere , scenic and sentimental as Pixar 's most elite work .
-LSB- The Good Dinosaur follows -RSB- a journey-quest script that borrows liberally from The Lion King , The Jungle Book , and The Land Before Time .
The Good Dinosaur might be oriented to a child audience , but it never stops itself from showing us much more adult notions . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Overall , it 's alright . I do recommend it for children , but there 's no real humor in it , and I 've just come to expect more from the folks at Pixar .
It resembles its wobbly kneed hero in all the right ways , and brings a little ray of joy to the fall movie season that 's all the more welcome for arriving so unexpectedly .
The Good Dinosaur is entertaining enough with is selection of rushed emotions , colorful solutions - dinosaurs are farmers , and it 's alright , I guess - and a variety of tired messages .
The Good Dinosaur is a strange little thing , bursting with beautiful nature imagery , good intentions , and odd ideas .
An unrelieved disaster .
A dinosaur with a good heart , learns the meaning of courage on his way home after many adventures .
There are echoes of The Lion King , Bambi and much more in this simple coming-of-age story .
If The Good Dinosaur falls low in the rankings of the company 's now 16 titles , it is still leagues finer than the flurry of frenetic colors and screwball pacing of the standard children 's animated movie .
If you 're old enough to read this , you 're probably too old for the very thin story being told in Pixar 's latest .
Motivated by the archetypal Disney trauma -LRB- the death of a parent -RRB- , this odd coming-of-age adventure is part frontier survival saga , part vision quest and part ` Born Free ' ...
-LSB- A -RSB- plodding , punitive morality tale that owes less to the whimsy of Toy Story and more to the vengeful tradition of cautionary Struwwelpeter fables .
The least ambitious Pixar story , but the animation is prodigious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's good . But not great .
A real jewel that children ca n't miss ! -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Ultimately , The Good Dinosaur is a likeable and beautifully animated tale , even if it never quite hits the heights of Pixar 's best work .
While it 's still very enjoyable , it does n't quite live up to the standard expected of Pixar , even if those expectations are completely unfair and unreasonable .
The Good Dinosaur is the animation behemoth Pixar at its most formulaic and uninspired .
This may not be the first sub-par movie we 've got from Pixar , but it is their first squandering of an A-grade idea .
Lacks the strenght of other Pixar creations , but it is a nice option . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if it 's not completely perfect , it is for the most part ... and that is no small feat . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
While I can certainly marvel at the realistic computerized water in a movie , I do n't go to the movies to marvel at computerized water .
Written by Meg LeFauve , with her , Sohn , and others credited on story , The Good Dinosaur features the most mundane narrative of any Pixar film-mundane because it so blatantly aspires to mythic resonance .
... there is little original or even charming in this film . The tone of the film is extremely scattered , ranging from innocuously innocent to verbally visceral .
However much it may delight on a scene-by-scene basis , The Good Dinosaur never comes together as a coherent whole , a crucial flaw for a film by Pixar , which has always put story first .
The movie builds slowly and treads in some formulaic territory , but it is played out with such a high degree of competency it still manages to feel fresh , vibrant and satisfying .
The film 's most impressive feature is its awesomely beautiful rendering of the natural world - from majestic forests and raging flood waters to the glittering phosphorescence of a field of fireflies .
`` The Good Dinosaur '' is full of breathtaking vistas and amazing animation .
Peter Sohn , a voice actor in previous Pixar efforts `` Monster University '' and `` Ratatouille '' , has stepped way up as he writes and directs `` The Good Dinosaur '' , his debut feature .
The Good Dinosaur is by no means a bad movie . But it breaks new ground for Pixar in that it 's the studio 's first feature that is explicitly-and pretty much exclusively-a kid 's movie .
In `` The Good Dinosaur , '' Pixar appears to be reaching towards a new evolutionary movement while also keeping ties to the history of animation , and that 's a true pleasure .
there 's really not much more to The Good Dinosaur than great looking scenery spiced up with slapstick
Innovation and imagination prove to be as extinct as pterodactyls in the modern world .
Even the look of The Good Dinosaur 's main character seems outdated , blocky , and out of place in his own world .
The Good Dinosaur is an open and frank comedy suddenly trapped in gag after gag . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A good and harmless film for kids , but it 's kind of a let down considering the creative team behind it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- A -RSB- sweet , entertaining , and visually stunning family film ... It 's clearly for kids , which is perfectly acceptable - not every animated film needs to be irreverently self-aware with its humor ...
... a heartfelt story of friendship and courage aimed primarily at children whose more discerning parents might not find it as amusing .
The digital landscapes are meant to be breathtakingly beautiful , but they tend to come across more like very expensive screensavers or immersive desktop wallpapers .
The result is a quietly impressive triumph . Like the little dino himself , good but not great .
Stories and characters have always been the backbone of the best Pixar films , and here it 's obvious that this was a script done by committee . Literally .
While the storytelling is strong , the animation has to be seen to be believed .
I found it only sporadically enjoyable , but the under-eights will probably love it .
The animation is some of the best Pixar has ever produced . Be it land , water or mountain , every scene pops . And the way the film depicts movement , particularly facial expressions , is breathtaking .
I found it desperately disappointing , unoriginal and twee ...
If The Good Dinosaur falls short in the narrative department , it represents a step forward for Pixar 's artists .
It may not be a part of that small group of unforgettable movies , but The Good Dinosaur has enough positive elements so that kids and adults alike will enjoy it together . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A moving tale with a simple plot , but also a very deep one , set in the most beautiful landscapes ever seen in an animated movie . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Fun and touching , but it 's missing something other Pixar films have . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun but irregular adveture movie with a couple of good scenes , normally that would 've been enough , but coming from Pixar it falls short . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Beautiful sights , stale storytelling .
An underwhelming plot is overwhelmed by an incredible mix of animation and gorgeous , real-life cinematography and movie locations .
This is a rich and rewarding family film .
The Good Dinosaur is n't as sophisticated as Disney/Pixar 's best films , but still boasts a touching story and gorgeous animation .
It 's occasionally funny , sweet , or exciting , but never to the degree that you 'd put a `` very '' in front of the adjective .
There 's much to love here ... securing `` The Good Dinosaur '' as a success for the studio -- their second gem of the year .
OK , it 's not pushing the boundaries of storytelling , but it certainly does the job .
It 's Pixar Lite , acceptable family entertainment that 's nowhere near the quality of `` Inside Out '' or `` The Incredibles . ''
The characters may look cartoony-and cloyingly cute-but they 're wandering through what could be Thomas Hill paintings in panoramic widescreen .
The Good Dinosaur is one of Pixar 's most gorgeous films to date , and it 's an awe-inspiring achievement in the increasing spectacle and photorealism of computer animation
Certain individual sequences are remarkably heartfelt , and the film 's design and animation are dazzling . But the tone is inconsistent , and the whole thing feels awfully slapdash .
As Pixar productions go , this one is n't a groundbreaker , but it 's heartfelt and endearing , as well as visually splendiferous , and kids will love it for sure .
The resulting film is amiable , pretty , and charming in all the right ways -- even if it ultimately settles for a fairly typical tale of a late bloomer finding his way .
Beautiful though it may be , The Good Dinosaur is lacking , not just compared to Inside Out , but to the best of Pixar 's filmography . Maybe it 's too much to expect two meteoric films in one year .
I would n't exert much energy trying to steer potential viewers away from The Good Dinosaur , but to friends who asked , I would say it is one of the rare Pixar entries for which I would wait for the DVD .
The overall effect of the film is more of the mellow high you get from an old-fashioned survival story , lushly produced with especially gorgeous natural vistas and a moving story touting the importance of family bonds .
The intricately designed settings convey a Miyazaki-like reverence for the natural world , and the hero 's longing for his family is affecting , never saccharine .
Perfect holiday treat for the kids with great characters and majestically rendered landscapes .
HUGE letdown , after `` Inside/Out . '' Barely a laugh or heartfelt moment in it .
The Good Dinosaur is pleasant entertainment , but it 's certainly lacking in ambition for such a revolutionary company .
The Good Dinosaur , as it turns out , is merely adequate by the great standards of Pixar 's family-friendly library : a stunning piece of artistry let down by a familiar story of a journey against all odds that fails to inspire and connect .
Mostly what you 'll remember from `` The Good Dinosaur '' is Arlo 's fearful shriek .
The animation in The Good Dinosaur retains all the ambition and boundary-pushing of Pixar 's best films , but the story beats echo too many predecessors to feel fresh , and the script feels unfinished .
If the story sounds simple , that 's because it is . The complexity here is tonal - zig-zagging from silly to scary - and visual : a super-realistic depiction of nature ... contrasted with the foam-rubber , glass-eyed vulnerability of our hero .
This is a wholesome , heart string-tugging , tear-jerking story of perseverance . It 's not as full as some of Pixar 's others , but it 's a really , really good movie .
I did n't love everything about The Good Dinosaur , but I loved visiting the world Pixar made .
There 's nothing too deep here , but the picture does warm the heart .
It 's easy to imagine an inventive take on a Jurassic World here . But The Good Dinosaur takes a different path , and plays like a prehistoric mix tape , mashing up familiar and not-so-familiar characters in a way that feels more curious than clever .
-LSB- The Good Dinosaur -RSB- is a visual masterpiece with a story that , when it is n't a Disney parade of kid-movie cliches , becomes at times a head-scratcher of illogical narrative , plotting , planning and execution .
In these times of helicoptering parenting and trigger warnings , a film whose theme is overcoming your fears is a refreshing message .
The film 's biggest sin is that it never moves past its influences to become its own thing -- it 's trapped in a kind of netherworld , where it feels like a cover version of other , better movies .
This fantasy about an apatosaurus named Arlo who must find -LRB- and fight -RRB- his way back to his family plays a bit like The Odyssey for tykes .
The Good Dinosaur is fun and spectacular-looking .
It 's a perfect holiday-season film to which the entire family can bond . It offers excitement , danger and life lessons that children can appreciate and parents can reinforce .
The animation in The Good Dinosaur is stunningly beautiful . Photo-realistic , even . And yet , the story is so basic , so immature , and so disjointed that the visuals are in service of a dud of a plot .
Is it a good movie ? Meh , no I ca n't quite go that far . It 's just ... OK . For a lesser animation house , that might be a triumph . But for Pixar ? That 's unacceptable . -LRB- Full Content Review - Violence , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
Young dino braves nature in lovely but intense adventure .
It 's perfectly agreeable and , of course , technically masterful , but in narrative terms it 's pretty conventional , paling beside Pixar 's more imaginative efforts .
An affectionate amalgamation of other classic animations .
Can a movie be family friendly while talking about a character drowning in blood ?
Arlo is a collection of insecurities that have been calculatedly assembled so as to teach children the usual lessons about bravery , loyalty , and self-sufficiency .
Delivers a few memorable , emotional moments , but is too simple to be anything other than average .
The jokes and the visuals carry us to the satisfying conclusion , which closes the circle around classic Pixar/Disney themes of friendship and family .
Not surprisingly for Pixar , the animation is gorgeous to look at , and it 's solid , pleasurable entertainment for kids .
The Good Dinosaur is a darker , more relentless type of Pixar film that does n't break Pixar 's typical storytelling mold , but the most important beats are all still present .
It 's sweet and enjoyable , but it is n't particularly ambitious , either .
`` The Good Dinosaur '' is antic and unexpected as well as homiletic , rife with subversive elements , wacky critters and some of the most beautiful landscapes ever seen in a computer animated film .
`` The Good Dinosaur '' is charmingly different , but its oddness sneaks up on you only after the filmmakers lay out some storybook bona fides .
Much stronger in visual splendor than in storyline .
Enjoy it for what it is .
The re-creation of the American Northwest scenery is stunning to behold . Mountains , rivers , rocky expanses , woolly mammoth herds , a field of fireflies -- there 's always something sumptuous to look at .
Inconsistent and weird , The Good Dinosaur is second-level Pixar all the way .
Part of the movie would likely make anyone under 10 squirm with boredom . These other parts would make children under 10 -LRB- and many adults , too -RRB- squirm for a very different reason .
This all makes for a family-friendly film bursting with highly detailed , photo-realistic scenery , featuring the best animated water ever created for the big screen . You 'll even feel wet .
On a technical level , at least , The Good Dinosaur is the most dazzling Pixar movie yet . As a story , however , it 's the studio 's weakest by far .
On its own , it seems fine ; just do n't compare it to its capable siblings .
The landscapes , beauty and character bonding of `` The Good Dinosaur '' make it a good bet for a family trip to a theater . But when it comes to leaping to the top of the Pixar heap , `` The Good Dinosaur , '' like its asteroid , just misses .
If you 're any kind of Pixar fan , I think you 'll find it enjoyable on some level .
Slight but sweet , the script 's nagging moments of déjà vu smoothed over by the sheer beauty , care and detail of the earthy visuals .
The Good Dinosaur is an enjoyable romp , especially when it surprisingly turns into a bizarro western midway through .
The Good Dinosaur is a good movie for young audiences -- and for parents who want to share a prehistoric moral fable with their children .
Perhaps more than ever before , the animators do the heavy lifting : Every detail , from the gentle bob of a beast 's breathing to the fluid shifts of Spot 's facial expressions , has been lovingly rendered .
In all , The Good Dinosaur comes across as lesser Pixar ... The sweet , simple storyline should appeal to young viewers , provided they are n't put off by some rather intense scenes of dinosaurs in peril .
It so often draws inspiration from films that have gone before it , but while it 's recycled material , not at any point does it feel stale , it just feels sweetly familiar .
If the story is uneven , the scenery is consistently pristine .
The Good Dinosaur is Disney-Pixar 's obligation gift for the holidays , hoping moviegoers remember it 's the thought that counts .
If a lot of The Good Dinosaur shows the marks of a rushed production - though not the landscape and environment design , which is gorgeous - its central pair have enough heart to make the film 's shortcomings fade away .
`` The Good Dinosaur '' has an original concept , disarming emotional heft and features the most impressive visuals in animated cinema to date .
The resulting movie is not bad -- in fact , it 's often quite good -- but it 's hard not to imagine how much better it could have been if Pixar had hit it out of the Jurassic park once again .
This young boy 's adventure film will hypnotize grade school audiences with its sheer imagination and joy in filmmaking .
While the story hawks too much back to past Disney films like `` The Lion King , '' there 's no denying the emotional and cautiously executed impact the story and its characters possess .
Sweet in that canned-with-heavy-syrup way : kids will dig it , but it 's not exactly a delicacy .
Small tots will be too taken with all the adorableness to care about this Pixar film 's shortcomings .
Trying to figure out where `` The Good Dinosaur '' fits into the Pixar pantheon is a parlor game best put off for later . In the moment the film has to stand on its own , and it does .
Shamefully banal , and such a confused mess that I can not even figure out what the title is supposed to mean . Almost a slap in the face to Pixar fans after the triumph of Inside Out .
This may not be Pixar 's greatest creative success , but simply as a piece of animation , it is their most gorgeous to date .
Leave it to Pixar to go back to the prehistoric age to dig up all your feelings , fossilized and otherwise .
The film will satisfy younger viewers , I suppose , but unless your kids are especially gaga over dinosaurs , my guess is that even they will recognize that it is lacking a certain something that separates the great films from the ordinary ones .
Sun-dappled streams , swaying trees and an almost palpable sense of weather shock with their photorealism-if this is what animation has become , the computers have won .
Aldo feels like an actual kid . He 's voiced by one , not a superstar pretending to be a boy , and Raymond Ochoa sounds genuinely scared and freaked and fragile .
The Good Dinosaur is gorgeous , but flawed .
Concerns about the onslaught of average diminish under the emotional weight of passing down family traditions , and warmth wins by a nose .
It 's smart in surprising ways , daring in a few minor ones , moving in the right ones . It 's also no Ratatouille or The Incredibles , but what is ?
Pixar have served up a prehistoric psychedelic western filled with the kind of offbeat larks you do n't expect to find in a contemporary kids ' movie .
In a sea of over-complicated kids ' films , full of lore and tricksy set-up , here is an easily understandable tale of loss , love and overcoming your fears .
The Good Dinosaur may not have much in common with the Pixar films that came before it , but the family resemblance is there wherever it counts .
With a heart as big as its prehistoric creations , The Good Dinosaur is a likeable if lesser Pixar , a slightly lumbering beast that takes time to find its footing .
It is weighed down by a flawed concept , unappealing characters and a soundtrack that lacks anything close to a memorable tune .
Pixar 's latest film has the misfortune of following what 's perhaps Pixar 's greatest .
Pixar 's mantra has always been story first , and they 've managed to salvage every one of their troubled productions , but in the case of The Good Dinosaur you can definitely feel the machinery straining to pull it off one more time .
Perfectly pleasant to watch with your kids , or by yourself because no one 's judging here .
The delayed and much-debated The Good Dinosaur is a perfectly good family-friendly animated feature that should n't be taken for granted on account of its simpler pleasures .
A visually breathtaking work of computer-generated animation that is ultimately unable to compensate for a disappointingly derivative script .
Cross-species bonding may have its limits , but it 's hard not to find beauty in a boy-meets-beast saga that , by the end , has made it hard to tell which is which .
A mythic , visually resplendent rendering of a familiar coming-of-age story , `` Good Dinosaur '' soars on the emotional power of the widescreen compositions , which stir deep , almost primal feelings about childhood and the untamed ferocity of the natural world .
A fantastic and frequently exhilarating feature that showcases Pixar 's greatest strengths : technical brilliance , emotional texture , crossover appeal , and an impish sense of humor that takes the utmost advantage of the animated form .

@highlight

The Good Dinosaur delivers thrillingly beautiful animation in service of a worthy story that , even if it does n't quite live up to the lofty standards set by Pixar , still adds up to charming , family-friendly entertainment .