I 'm not sure John Krokidas 's lively debut film makes the Beats very likeable - to this reviewer they come across as a gang of spoiled and pretentious young jerks . But that insight -LRB- if indeed it is intentional -RRB- is not without value .
As with a lot of weak movies about writers , this one relies on hyper-cranked montages of coiffed artistes clacking away at typewriters and throwing pages in the air while hoofing their drugs of choice .
This debut feature from director John Krokidas is a real gem .
Darlings never hits that next level , though , remaining a rather shallow , if enjoyable anyway , look at the formative years of the Beat generation .
It 's Radcliffe 's engaging tortured performance that satisfactorily takes us into the revolutionary Beat scene in NYC
Radcliffe is the sizzle in the mix . Making yet another daring choice in his post-Potter career , he brings out both Ginsberg 's nerdiness and his career-making otherness .
As Ginsberg , Radcliffe shows great vulnerability , as a man in love who ca n't express it , and a passionate and intelligent one still prone to naivety .
Krokidas ' film takes a wisely neutral view of the tale , meaning that we get to both revel in the lads ' transgressions and see how all this indulgence can turn sour .
The sensual chemistry between Radcliffe and Dane DeHaan is fantastic , just occasionally upstaged by Ben Foster , who does a great job capturing the voice and mannerisms of the dry Burroughs .
Beat movies are just a sign that a new wave of such whiners has arrived to see them , and , because movies take years to make , is probably already progressing beyond the adolescent obsessions that the moviemakers thought to capitalize on .
Few -LSB- Harry -RSB- Potter fans will be tempted to chance their luck while most adults will be left with fearsomely bright but relatively unlovable characters .
The best thing about the enthralling , super-smart Kill Your Darlings is director John Krokidas 's ability to capture the excitement of young men 's minds on fire .
Kill Your Darlings is by no means perfect , but it 's an ambitious and promising first film that gives a handful of young actors the chance to work with a director who has a great deal on his mind .
A convincing , evocative drama that captures a key moment in history with aplomb .
Kill Your Darlings underwhelms on several fronts , but it 's difficult to dislike a movie when you find yourself liking everyone in it .
... one of the most incompetent and flat-out interminable biopics to come around in quite some time ...
A very well-made film that gives us a peek into the formation of several future gay icons .
Lively and driven personalities are indeed what made the Beat Generation what it was , and what it continues to be . Kill Your Darlings seems content , however , to find superficial imitations of them .
A good showcase for some of our most talented working young male actors , but not much more .
Hooked me from the first moment and kept me hooked all the way through .
A strong and well observed fifties period piece , Kill Your Darlings brilliantly captures both the heady sense of privilege , and the decadent whiff of The Beat Generation 's brief and blazing demimonde .
The film suffers from the same problems as last year 's On The Road , namely an undue reverence towards its characters .
A powerful and insightful film about two controversial young writers who were never satisfied with the status quo and sought to change it .
A Bracing Look at the Beats
Kill Your Darlings weaved the mythical origins of the beat generation into a fiercely engaging drama about finding yourself amidst crises of identity , sexuality and art .
Daniel Radcliffe and star-the-making Dane DeHaan deliver superb performances that tap into their character 's respective insecurities .
It 's less about the flesh and blood Carr than using his in-movie inner-conflict and alleged moral cowardice to underline the travails of an ascendent and newly liberated Ginsberg .
Ultimately , it 's oddly conservative fare ; well played , handsomely mounted , but as inert as the books that its protagonists blithely hurl from the shelves .
The period recreation is impressive , but the tone is non-descript , despite the strong efforts from an obviously dedicated cast . No question , though , that Beat fans will love it a lot more than they did Walter Salles ' inert On The Road .
Sexy and self-aware , with a 1940s-style Brat Pack feel ...
Foster is wonderful as the watchful , weak Burroughs , at ease only when drugged , with a mouth like a cat 's bum . But DeHaan is even better .
It 's much better than other attempts to dramatise the lives of the Beat generation like the recent On The Road .
Even though it 's slightly too mannered , this true drama takes a clever approach to the beat poets long before they were famous .
Krokidas unflinchingly shoots even the film 's most dramatic moments with an unusually shallow depth of field .
Revealing about the role played by violence , shame and denial at the birth of beat and of Ginsberg 's career .
A kaleidoscopic historic present of youthful horseplay , frenzied ambitions for revolutionising the world of art and ideas , and polymorphous teenage desire .
A sharply observed script , impeccable production design work , assured direction and superb performances from Daniel Radcliffe and Dane DeHaan .
'' evocative of a specific time and place while serving as a bittersweet valentine to callow youth , curdled innocence and sudden , irrevocable violence . ''
A compelling origin story for some of America 's great storytellers .
Sex , drugs , murder , radical verse and Radcliffe make persuasive bedfellows in Krokidas ' live-wire lit-pic .
Daniel Radcliffe is back in a pair of nerdy specs as Allen Ginsberg in this sincere , heartfelt film about how the gay beat poet found his voice
A muddled and silly enterprise that wastes a wonderful central performance by Daniel Radcliffe as the young Allen Ginsberg .
A vibrant , insightful film about writers and writing , featuring Daniel Radcliffe 's best post-Potter performance .
Nothing wrong with the performances , it 's the writing and directing that fail to deliver
We may have seen different versions of this coming of age story but there is something fresh and enticing about this one . Today and tomorrow - what a difference a day makes !
Kill Your Darlings avoids the traps of most sprawling biopics and this largely factual rendering makes a thrilling prelude to literary history .
The story is slightly less important than the characterizations and the performances , because those carried everything .
A grim murder and Daniel Radcliffe 's big gay sex scene do n't really tell us the story on how the Beats became the beats , or why they matter .
Bursting with hipster attitude and New York atmosphere , the fact-based `` Kill Your Darlings '' is a coming-of-age chronicle that morphs into a crime story without missing a beat .
Kill Your Darlings is more about the makers of the Bleat Generation than the Beat Generation .
... takes the myth out of the mythology that surrounds Ginsberg and company , but its fun and insightful , and Beat aficionados will not be disappointed .
Writer-director John Krokidas and co-scripter Austin Bunn have crafted an interesting if patchy film that at least fares better than the woeful On the Road in allowing these iconic figures to come alive on screen .
Krokidas is a cunningly inventive director , making his shoestring production look 10 times its budget . And the cast is terrific . But without a stronger contextual frame his film is little more than an intriguing footnote to story of The Beats .
Above all , and what sets it apart from other cinematic takes on the Beatified , is how much fun it is . It may end in tears , but then , do n't all great love stories ?
Krokidas seems more intent on setting a mood than telling a story , and in creating a feeling than building suspense .
You do n't need to know the Beats to understand `` Kill Your Darlings , '' you just need to know the twinkling promise , and dark turns , of life .
The acting stays at a high level , though minor characters go through few changes . DeHaan captures Carr 's charisma and infuriating selfishness .
Does n't really get past the awkwardness of signifying important historical events and personages .
Engaging story about bright , inexperienced artists working through their tumultuous formative years .
Overall the movie seems to wander , like the worst excesses of free verse , needing a little structure to rein it in .
Ben Foster is a hoot as the uber-dry William Burroughs . A not quite fully realized film , but Ginsberg and the Beats-to-be have their moments .
`` Kill Your Darlings '' is a true-crime murder mystery , a love letter to the wild-living artists of the Beat Generation , and a portrait of the artist as an adolescent .
It 's smart and stylish . And this Radcliffe kid may have a career ahead of him .
Dramatizing a passion for the written word on film can be tricky , but in his feverish Kill Your Darlings , first-time director John Krokidas brings creative desire to life with vigor and emotion .
The ensemble generates a deep feeling for intelligence and weakness , gifting Kill Your Darlings moments of understanding , crisply tended to by Krokidas .
DeHaan , as Carr , and Radcliffe , as Ginsberg , shine in this compelling look at an unheralded but key figure in the origin of the Beats .
Daniel Radcliffe is authentic as the gullible , gay poet from Paterson , New Jersey , in this seedy , subversively stylish melodrama , evoking nostalgia for a hallucinogenic period almost seven decades ago .
`` Kill Your Darlings '' occupies some in-between place , with young , intelligent actors working hard at being gritty as their director makes sure we see every ounce of effort .
Kill Your Darlings is a tale of inspiration , then , but also a tale of jealousy , obsession , homophobia , and homicide . It 's a whirlwind .
The real star is DeHaan , whose shockingly blue eyes and Leonardo DiCaprio sex appeal smite all the men within range : he 's pretty well the town flirt
A stylish-looking story that often presents the players as self-congratulating caricatures , overly proud of their own cleverness .
A lukewarm Radcliffe , plus a wandering script , make for a fair-to-middling movie , but the raw material of this dark corner of Beat history remains fascinating .
Radcliffe is well-cast as Ginsberg , suggesting a burgeoning creativity at odds with his self-conscious exterior .
A sometimes magical film that gives a palpable sense of the cultural currents and interpersonal dynamics that gave rise to the unlikely beginnings of the Beat generation .
More accurately a tableau of youthful idealism given weight by the tragedy of first-time romance , Krokidas ' film utilizes the jazzy rhythms of the Beats to highlight how teenagers then and now are basically all the same .
The interplay between Ginsberg and Carr characters in the first half of the film is supremely entertaining ; the crime melodrama that follows much less so .
Portrait of the Artist as a Young -LRB- Gay -RRB- Man .
DeHaan is a marvel . It 's no wonder both men and women are drawn to him as Carr , especially in an era when homosexuality was not at all accepted , in almost every circle of society .
Radcliffe is clearly the headliner in this cast , but it 's an admirable acting tour de force by a solid ensemble group .
Ultimately ... two points of emphasis must be pared down to one , and this is where `` Kill Your Darlings , '' arriving at the fork in the road , makes the wrong turn .
Though based on fact , the film is awash in delicious and difficult ambiguities .
That Ginsberg is played by Daniel Radcliffe might come as a shock , but the movie rolls on and you realize you 're in very good hands .
Dares us to look at life the way the sensitive kid from New Jersey does .
This debut feature by New York University graduate John Krokidas outpaces most dramatic films about Allen Ginsberg , Jack Kerouac , and William S. Burroughs , pushing back the legend enough to consider them as people .
Reminds those who saw the overwritten The Counselor that precisely chosen words can sing on screen , rather than stack up until the entire film topples over .
A lurid yet fascinating look into Allen Ginsberg 's formative influences ... fearlessly explores dark places and the compulsion to exorcise the shadows and remake the world through art .
The cast , led by first among equals , Daniel Radcliffe , do a terrific job in giving life to their budding literary figures .
Director and co-writer John Krokidas does n't have a very fluent gift for period re-creation - everything seems stagy - and most of the actors , playing divas of various stripes , overact .
The strong characters , and the performances that drive them , make Kill Your Darlings work .
This vibrant portrait of a legendary New York bohemia in the 1940s transcends its flaws by evoking genuine feeling for poets in their youth .
In a movie about people that virtually nobody cares about today , director Krokidas has a style of quick cuts and time warping jumps that is more annoying than entertaining .
Coming of age movie about the Beat Generation . Daniel Radcliffe as poet Allen Ginsberg continues to divorce himself from his Harry Potter roots standing out in a fine ensemble .
For a film that is about illicit sexuality , crime , revolutionary poetry , and copious drugs , it 's weird that the film has no grit on it .
Radcliffe is particularly good as the bright , naïve young man who seeks escape from an oppressive home life with his poet-father and mentally unstable mother ...
While somewhat unfocused , the film captures the moral complexities of the period through smart portrayals from its cast .
Despite solid performances and handsome production values , Kill Your Darlings ends up feeling like a 100-minute preamble to the real story of the Beat Generation .
A disappointingly familiar tale of unrequited gay love . -LRB- The film 's -RRB- strong opening and closing sections do n't provide me quite enough incentive to recommend it other than to the most ardent fans of -LRB- Daniel -RRB- Radcliffe and/or the Beat writers .
The movie is fundamentally a look at how Allen Ginsberg became Allen Ginsberg , so it 's rife with the thrill of artistic discovery .
A sort of Muppet Babies version of the Beat poets ...
The only thing it really kills is about an hour and a half .
For a film that goes out of its way time and time again to tell the audience that its protagonist was a pioneering wunderkind who helped revolutionise an artform and thought outside the box , John Krokidas ' Kill Your Darlings is awfully staid .
If anyone 's doubted Radcliffe 's ability to move into adult roles and leave Harry Potter behind him , this should convince .
Krokidas develops a nice rhythm - crucial for any film about the Beat movement - even if the composition feels a bit too meticulous .
Kill Your Darlings wants to be a young man 's movie , but it 's all `` cinema du papa , '' as the French New Wave used to call it .
The film works best when the characters ' freewheeling creative process is channeled into Krokidas 's filmmaking techniques , namely through exhilarating montages , snappy dialogue , and frenetic , charismatic performances .
The saving grace of Kill Your Darlings is its sordid romantic angle , a narrative thread that pulls the film away from wink-wink allusions and into more serious emotional territory .
Sex , lies , betrayal and murder set among the gods of the Beat Generation . That 's Kill Your Darlings , a dark beauty of a film that gets inside your head and stays there .
Sharply scripted and led by a pair of bold , thrilling performances , Kill Your Darlings is a heady , histrionic , utterly captivating slice of dramatised history .
If the implication is that the Beats crawled over a dead man on their way to success , something similar could be said about Kill Your Darlings itself .
From the incense-soaked bohemian off-campus parties to the source music by Jo Stafford and the Andrews Sisters , the period atmosphere evokes style . But something is missing here , like a clear perspective .
The excellently acted , fact-inspired `` Kill Your Darlings '' is a consistently interesting origin story with impressive period details ...
`` Kill Your Darlings '' ... feels like it is trying too hard . Far too conventional underneath all the trappings , you wish it would howl .
-LSB- A -RSB- brash , bristling , highly watchable film .
At the film 's core is vagueness bordering on ambiguity . Not much of a beating heart for this movie .
This multi-faceted tale - part murder mystery , part coming-of-age story , part intellectual disquisition of a socio-literary movement - is well-shot , assuredly directed and sharply written by Krokidas and Austin Bunn .
There 's a heart here , but with all the superficial noise , it 's hard to hear it beating .
Mr. Krokidas deftly shows how the ambition to write is entangled with other impulses . The emergence of Allen 's poetic vocation is almost a subplot in a story about guilt , lust , friendship and murder .
audacious but underachieving
`` Kill Your Darlings '' succeeds in that it 's much more of a character piece with a supporting narrative as opposed to the other way around .
Rather than surrender his story to the crime or the courtroom , Krokidas scrutinises the ensemble of friends that galvanised the young men into literary vocations and kept the brooding Kammerer at a distance .
A captivating look at an American literary giant in those years before he was ready to howl .
Kill Your Darlings is nothing short of brilliant , defining a generation through the actions of one small , yet influential , group of literary warriors , and the unexpected turbulence they faced .
Radcliffe , while nicely conveying Ginsberg 's tortured sexuality , is just too darned cute to pass for the real thing .
Despite the offbeat-pun intended-casting , in Kill Your Darlings the richly gifted Krokidas delivers a terrific entertainment which updates this origin story with its stinging critique of homophobia .
Even if it 's not as revelatory or insightful as one might hope , it 's still a compelling tale of the influences that shaped our most consequential writers of the 20th century .
Never really hits or finds its footing , making it a decent and at times inspiring film , but one that leaves you wanting to dive more fully into either Carr or Ginsberg 's lives .
`` Kill Your Darlings '' does n't really humanize these characters beyond half-drawn caricatures in an origin tale that would n't be out of place in an average super hero film .
Radcliffe - hair permed into Ginsbergy college curls , full of vitality - holds the emotional center as a young artist in art and in life .
An unquestionable improvement over last year 's paint-by-numbers On the Road , but it still falls victim to the kind of idol worship that has made most movies about the Beats hard to take .
An overmatched star and a scarcity of eccentricity sink this hip-lit origin story from director John Krokidas .
Unlike Walter Salles 's recent adaptation of On The Road , which embraced the Beat philosophy with a wide and credulous grin , Kill Your Darlings is inquisitive about the movement 's worth , and the genius of its characters is never assumed .
An entertaining biopic that illustrates the way Allen Ginsberg 's youthful friendships in college would lead to his fame as a poet .
Darlings feels so alive in every frame , from the clever , crisp dialogue to the smart plotting to the tonal shifts that may seem like imbalances to some critics but feel like jazz music riffs to this one .
KILL YOUR DARLINGS is really smart , but the movie never feels overly academic . It 's too fun and frenzied , beautifully paced .
Incredible performances by Daniel Radcliffe and the supporting cast of Kill Your Darlings unify an inconsistent film , ultimately leading to a powerful ending .
There is a chemistry between -LSB- Radcliffe and DeHaan -RSB- that is more than just sexual .
A fresh , invigorating look at the Beat Poets .
Darlings is a multi-tiered accomplishment . Not only is Krokidas ' script smart , funny , and fully engaging but the ensemble performance is spectacular .
A mysterious Beat Generation footnote is fleshed out with skilled performances , darkly poetic visuals and a vivid rendering of 1940s academia in Kill Your Darlings .
And the Beat goes on , this time in a syncopated study that sheds light in particular on the young Allen Ginsberg .
Kill Your Darlings may be best described as an intellectual moral maze , a story perfectly of its time and yet one that still resonates today .

@highlight

Bolstered by the tremendous chemistry between Daniel Radcliffe and Dane DeHaan , Kill Your Darlings casts a vivid spotlight on an early chapter in the story of the Beat Generation .