Stewart 's comic genius fails to translate into film excellence in his first attempt as a writer and director .
On the whole Rosewater is an auspicious debut , but I suspect it has taught Stewart that when it comes to movies , as opposed to journalism , a little blatant emotional manipulation is no bad thing .
Competently crafted but seldom more than that , Rosewater shows that Stewart could probably make a living as a filmmaker if he so chose . But for now , I hope he keeps his daily-sorry , his day job .
Credit Rosewater for troubling itself over just what makes the axis , evil or otherwise , spin .
The rest of the film is ... kinda all over the place .
Rosewater , scripted and directed by Jon Stewart , is a work of skill as well as passion
When it ventures into the more abstract territory of its tortured protagonist 's mind , the film is able to show how comedians can be unlikely heroes for serious causes , and how humour and imagination can survive the worst totalitarian attacks .
If anyone questioned that a late-night host of a fake news show could make a compelling political drama , viewing Rosewater should put those doubts to rest .
The story is good , and Stewart lays it out engagingly , with a sharp eye for pacing and a light touch on the diplomatic complexities involved .
There 's plenty in Rosewater to make you hope that Stewart finds another reason to get out from behind his desk again .
-LSB- Rosewater features -RSB- fine playing from Bernal and Bodnia , and striking mixing of real and recreated footage of the riots that transpired after the rigged election .
We rarely get the sense that Stewart is talking down to us - which is why it 's such a disappointment that ` Rosewater ' , is so often pitched and played like a carefully dumbed-down TV movie .
For the most part Rosewater is well-acted , tension-filled and slyly iconoclastic . Say hello to Jon Stewart , movie director .
It 's a somewhat bumpy road for the first time filmmaker , but it 's surprisingly effective when it needs to be .
Despite a few stylistic flourishes , the production is an earnest and straightforward account of what happened , with moments of naturalistic humor based on some major miscommunication .
Stewart proves himself an adept visual stylist here , using simple techniques such as lighting scenes using the glow of a laptop screen to reflect the darkness that comes from being physically cut off from the people Bahari cares about the most .
The story is engrossing and enraging , and Stewart takes care to remind us that the real victims of oppressive regimes are those who live with them on a daily basis .
The end result is n't always gripping , but it 's a solid piece of work that deserves to be seen .
Would you confess to crimes you had n't committed ? I know I would . I 'd crack before my tormentors had even cleared their throats , which may be why I found Rosewater so inspiring .
A modest , moving film , Rosewater goes to show that quiet outrage can speak as loud as any atrocity .
Stewart has crafted a sober , unsensational account of Bahari 's ordeal almost completely devoid of the trademark mischievous wit that marks him out as one of the world 's most popular presenters .
This remarkable film is a tribute to the bravery of foreign correspondents and a love letter to democracy .
Straightforward and solid .
After the arrest , the storytelling becomes more grim but Stewart never loses his sense of satire .
Stewart has created a humane black tragicomedy that reminded me of Tom Stoppard 's anti-Soviet satire Every Good Boy Deserves Favour .
Gripping , humane and lighter than it sounds , Stewart 's first foray into directing suggests that he was right to quit the day job . We ca n't wait to see what he does next .
A harrowing true story infused with sharp humour and bristling intelligence , this riveting film is an auspicious writing-directing debut for TV news comic Jon Stewart ...
Stewart traps the duo in tight two-shots , heightening the claustrophobia and emphasising the regime 's moral redundancy in distorting visuals .
Writer/director Jon Stewart - the recently retired host of The Daily Show - does a solid , proficient job showing the realities of torture and of trying to find the truth in such an oppressed state .
A small-scale but heartfelt drama that delivers a simple and effective message about the importance of political freedom .
A powerful true tale told with grace and endless compassion .
Though he directs the film more or less straight as a prison/interrogation drama , Stewart 's satirical edge cuts nicely .
Humour of the most absurdist kind does find its way into the film .
I expected more from Rosewater and it should have been better than it is .
Rosewater is at its best when it 's less a pick-and-choose historical artifact than an examination of what time in undeserved solitude does to the human mind .
I was distracted by the moist sound of 1,200 eyes rolling at the same time .
Stewart 's filmmaking debut showcases his sardonic sense of humor within a story of courage and corruption amid contemporary political conflict .
Even though the Daily Show host should n't give up his day job as a result of this debut , he hits more than misses in a film about one man 's trials and the risky , crucial work journalists do .
Taking the path of least resistance , the result is a missed opportunity , a lightweight approach to some very heavy material .
It sometimes feels like Stewart is afraid to immerse us in the true horror of Bahari 's isolation .
The main question Rosewater grapples with is whether Stewart can hack it as a filmmaker . The answer : sort of ?
Rosewater certainly has merit as an act of atonement on Stewart 's part and a tribute to people like Bahari ... In the end , however , the movie needs to stand on its own , apart from its noble intentions and the popularity of its writer-director .
Has great moments , not so great moments and some pretty old hat moments , but it 's unfailingly interesting .
Unfortunately , despite Rosewater 's earnest and intelligent approach , it remains a shallow treatment of a topic that deserves much more .
Stewart handles this change of tone like a veteran director , never allowing the snide humor to undermine the gravity of Bahari 's situation .
For all the desperation it reveals , Rosewater is also suffused with hope and even joy .
The hard-focus clarity of the images -LRB- Bobby Bukowski did the cinematography -RRB- leads to an intimacy with anguish that passes into expressionism .
It plays to our most primal instincts of survival in the face of death , armed only with your wits and your wit .
This is Jon Stewart 's directorial debut ; the talk show comedian has a handle on the material and conveys it clearly .
` Rosewater ' is a decent enough film , but one that does n't really tell us anything that we did n't already know .
Stewart does a great job of avoiding clichés in his first time feature as writer-director , but the emotional tie that was needed in order to make a connection with the main character was missing .
Rosewater is a fine debut film and a very well told story of injustice and strength . It 's not maybe as hard-hitting as it could be , but it 's certainly worth looking for . Bahari 's story is not as rare as you might think .
An incredible experience and a tremendous directorial debut by Stewart .
Bahari 's triumph is real , impressive and relevant . Rosewater is a pleasant feature debut .
Rosewater is emotionally sincere and thoughtful , but Jon Stewart 's movie also very much feels like a first-time director 's work .
Relevant and insidious , acknowledging both the cost of oppression and the absurdity of totalitarian regimes .
Rosewater ... has an urgency that 's all about the storytelling smarts of its first-time writer-director .
Jon Stewart 's first film is passionate and principled , as I expected , but also hopeful , almost serene , and even gently amusing , which I did not .
Rosewater , Stewart 's first feature , is a sentimental mess that registers as a consistent flat line , but we can still respect him and star Gael García Bernal because it 's obvious they had their hearts , minds and money in the right place .
Almost deliberately stripped of humour -LRB- and , incidentally , vigour -RRB- , Rosewater is an odd choice for Stewart the satirist , a mushy , carefully sincere story that lets its message smother its delivery .
While very much a movie made by a first-timer with a modest , $ 10 million budget , Rosewater is also thoughtful , straightforward and occasionally very funny , with lines and delivery that are pure Stewart .
`` Rosewater '' is a triumph for Stewart .
A compelling film that reveals much about the Iranian ideology , and the paranoia of its leaders .
Stewart does a credible job of maintaining the story 's immediacy , but I must say I felt relieved that the film was n't a masterpiece . If it was , we 'd have more reason to fear Stewart will leave The Daily Show .
-LSB- Stewart -RSB- dutifully lays bare the evils of political oppression and human rights violations that often go unnoticed . But in his restraint , Rosewater lacks the punch of other politically minded films .
Jon Stewart has made an interesting film about Maziar Bahari 's struggles , but it lacks emotional and dramatic impact .
Fascinating but intense drama about geopolitics .
The movie is sincere and earnest but rendered in such a straightforward fashion that the stakes never seem especially high .
Comic Jon Stewart makes a serious directorial debut
On a regular basis , I see many worse movies out there than Stewart 's sometimes affecting , sometimes overly earnest film .
Rosewater is at once everything and nothing like what we expect from The Daily Show host Jon Stewart .
-LSB- Rosewater -RSB- feels painfully objective and loyal to the source material , resulting in a narrative that 's bland and too afraid to step on any toes .
Accomplished work . However , it 's exactly the type of viewing experience expected from an Iranian imprisonment story , leaving surprises few and far between .
The gripping , intelligent directorial debut of TV personality Jon Stewart , who also wrote the screenplay , based on Bahari 's post-prison memoir , `` Then They Came For Me . ''
It 's a movie made for people who prefer to take their politics while sitting on the couch .
Stewart 's enthusiasm for his story and passion about injustice ring clear , but throughout what could have been a dreadfully somber film , he remembers to breathe .
A strong , striking political drama .
On paper , the story is extraordinary . By way of Stewart 's execution , it 's far from that .
As a novice filmmaker , Stewart has a voice , a sharp visual palette , a strong sense of narrative and terrific subject matter .
Stewart acquits himself solidly , though not thrillingly , as a beginning director ...
Stewart 's wryly observant qualities as a TV star serve him well in his feature film debut .
What makes `` Rosewater '' different from similar entries in what might be called the Triumph of the Imprisoned Spirit genre is that the hero is hardly an ideologue , despite having sympathy for the Iranian reformers and the Green party .
An accessible and watchable film from Jon Stewart but nothing ultimately drives the movie .
While the film keeps telling us that Bahari survived his ordeal by freeing his mind from imprisonment and eventually outsmarting his rosewater-scented interrogator , we are told that he 's doing so more than we 're seeing it .
Mr. Stewart 's interest in the material is obviously personal , but his movie transcends mere self-interest .
A finely wrought , powerful drama that tells the true story of an Iranian-born journalist 's imprisonment and torture by the Islamic regime in Iran .
Stewart lets the truth roll out , the best he can , believing in the sanitizing effect of sunlight and the inevitable fate that awaits all despots .
With Rosewater , Stewart proves he can pull back from the satirical comedy and become a thoughtful , incisive and questioning filmmaker .
The result neither portrays the suffering of Bahari 's incarceration adequately nor lampoons the absurdities of the situation .
`` Rosewater '' does n't hector , nor does it giggle about the issue of press freedom . It 's an impressive and important piece of storytelling .
For a first effort , Stewart has n't done a bad job . There 's just the nagging feeling with `` Rosewater '' that a better movie was possible .
A persuasive production despite its limited budget ...
Though at times Rosewater is clearly the work of a first-timer still finding his voice , Stewart is indisputably a real filmmaker .
Stewart proves to be an able filmmaker in `` Rosewater . '' But he also shows hints of being something more .
Earnest , well-acted , less than urgent , but more than a vanity project .
Stewart has created an informative , dark and witty story imbued with black humor surrounding Bahari 's confinement .
While it may seem like another triumph-over-adversity tale , the movie is really about what sustains us during impossible moments .
Stewart can never quite answer the question : Why this man 's story , of all the ones that should be told ? And why now , five years later ?
`` Rosewater '' is a reminder that America may have its critics , but at least there 's little danger of the average citizen being arrested for appearing on a fake news show .
Not only telling the story of Maziar , Stewart also works to establish a view that Iranians are actually human beings like us . Radical concept , I know .
Weak , uninspiring and tame , political satirist Jon Stewart makes a mediocre directorial debut with Rosewater .
A cogent and clear-headed drama that will stir you to human rights advocacy .
Stewart does a solid job of handling the facts of the time ; it feels true to the moment , like a filmed Newsweek story . Creative acting , dramatizedthemes , gifted cinematic styling ? Not so much .
That the movie is as tense and chilling as it is owes much to first-time director Jon Stewart 's keen eye for the way humor surfaces even in the dark places .
Rosewater , along with his nightly mockery of the news , shows that freedom of the press has no greater champion than Jon Stewart .
Stewart , the popular host of Comedy Central 's hit series The Daily Show , shows real promise here as a budding film writer and director with a smart , clear vision , even though Rosewater comes off as a relatively tepid tale .
A clear-headed , sensitive and thoroughly impressive directorial debut for the Comedy Central host .
The virtue of this movie is its commitment to political ambiguity and emotional truth .
The real-world events being portrayed were powerful and important . `` Rosewater '' is less so .
Stewart 's message -- that journalists risk their lives in pursuit of the truth every day around the world -- could n't be timelier or more heartfelt .
Without that smile and wink that Stewart as a TV personality is so known for , the film feels a bit too much like a well-intentioned but dry civics lesson .
A better document of journalistic courage than the recent , overrated Edward Snowden doc CitizenFour .
The film is not without problems , most of which spring from a director whose confidence exceeds his skill level , but it has a sincerity of purpose that makes its faults easy to forgive .
Centrist mush-basic , boilerplate human-interest stuff that 's too shapeless to completely work as drama , and too depoliticized to be taken seriously as anything else .
Jon Stewart 's filmmaking debut `` Rosewater '' has much in common with `` The Daily Show '' - it 's blaringly obvious , it 's naive , it plays to the cheap seats and it 's enamored with cheap jokes .
Jon Stewart 's auspicious debut behind the camera not only makes us think and feel , but yeah , laugh a little , too . The guy ca n't help it .
Like The Daily Show , Rosewater makes uncomfortable political realities into wry but uproarious jokes .
It 's genuinely shocking when the funny , satirical film you 'd expect from a film by Jon Stewart emerges late in the first film by Jon Stewart .
It shrugs off the bigger questions about Iranian politics its first half appears to raise , falling back instead on a gestalt of the eternal , Kafkaesque regime , wherever the viewer may find it .
Look for the kind of critical support and word of mouth that sparks impressive art-house traffic .
The film settles into the kind of sobriety you 've seen too often ...
Compelling and upbeat -- for a movie about a guy thrown into solitary confinement and threatened with beatings and death
Rosewater is an earnest picture , but it 's also got some juice - there 's vitality and feeling in it , the secret ingredients so often missing from even the most well-intentioned first features .
In outline , Rosewater sounds earnest , one-note , relentless - something you 'd watch out of a sense of duty . But it turns out to be a sly , layered work , charged with dark wit along with horror .
So an audience needs to be persuaded that Ahmadinejad and his goons are evil ? Talk about breaking down an open door , not to speak of Obama 's crackdown on our own investigative reporters .
Rosewater , starring the geeky-charismatic Gael García Bernal as Bahari , is a gripping drama , smartly calibrated for Western audiences who still need an education in the bright , progressive , fight-back impulses in Iranian culture .
-LSB- Jon Stewart -RSB- tells Maziar Bahari 's story with the earnestness of a fledgling filmmaker with something to say .
... while the subject is certainly worthy , the film is rather pedestrian
The tone shifts between being profound and affecting , to farcical and slapstick - and we lose sight of the severity of the issues at hand .
The result suggests the education of a committed satirist in the art of storytelling .
Unfortunately for Stewart , the problem with movies is that while the story is unimpeachable , films are judged on the quality of the direction and entertainment value -- and in both these departments he falls short .
There 's not enough danger , discovery or significance to Rosewater , but as a historical document it 's substantive .
If Rosewater has a moral , it is a liberal one .
The film celebrates Bahari emerging rattled though mostly unscathed , but I could n't help but feel only dread for that man taking his place .
Jon Stewart 's directorial debut , Rosewater , is an inspiring , unexpectedly funny re-telling of journalist Maziar Bahari 's 118 day imprisonment by the Iranian government .
The film goes slightly beyond rigorous earnestness and settles into a kind of stubborn atonement .
A good story imperfectly told , Jon Stewart 's directorial debut is equal parts impressive and sort of boring .
One of the most incisive movies about the post-9 / 11 world ever made .
`` Rosewater '' marks the debut of a director whose brains and guts are the equal or the better of his eye and heart ...
A perfectly good but utterly unremarkable drama that would n't garner much attention if it were n't the directorial debut of The Daily Show host Jon Stewart .
Stewart 's passion for the project comes out in almost every frame of film . While not quite the masterpiece I was perhaps unfairly hoping for , this directorial debut from one of the great comedic minds of this era is still something well worth seeking out .
Not to read too much into Jon Stewart 's motivations for making the film , but this figure of `` Rosewater , '' as the unnamed torturer comes to be known , could be a stand-in for anyone who did n't get one of `` the Daily Show 's '' jokes .
It 's a good story about persevering , and using one of our most powerful tools to do so : humor .
A solid , powerfully acted political drama about human endurance in the face of ideological oppression .
A certain narrative conventionality is perhaps inevitable with this type of material , but Rosewater is helped immensely by Gael García Bernal 's assured , lived-in lead performance .
Stewart and cinematographer Bobby Bukowski cover it all in a straightforward , watchable way , the performances are all sincere and solid and the situation is easy to respond to emotionally .
Imagine a rousing `` Daily Show '' episode without the jokes .

@highlight

Timely , solidly acted , and unabashedly earnest , Rosewater serves as an impressive calling card for first-time director Jon Stewart .