A decent , if not uninspiring actioner that will likely tick plenty of boxes for genre fans with a penchant for over-the-top bash 'em , smash ' em carnage . Nothing more , nothing less .
rehashes the gargantuan battle sequences from the original and leans heavily on the enormous scale of its premise , but it dispenses with all of the weird , quirky , oddball , and sometimes gross details that gave del Toro 's film some character .
An enjoyable sequel that serves it 's purpose and provides an avenue for more stories . If you already know the series , you 're going to be pleased . If you 're not familiar , you 'll still have a good time as well .
A loud movie with lots of giant shiny things , `` Pacific Rim : Uprising , '' is a CGI spectacle of crushing metal played against a background of tough kids and one-liners . Think of it as `` Real Steel '' without Hugh Jackman .
If Pacific Rim Uprising had to be distilled into a single word , that word would be `` clumsy . ''
Features enough in the way of charismatic performances and larger than life action filmmaking to make for an entertaining watch of the popcorn munching variety .
There 's never even the hint that this wo n't go exactly as we expect it to . So the scariest thing about it is that the seeds are sown for a third one .
Without Guillermo del Toro 's flair for inventiveness , the creativity is light and oftentimes unimpressive .
It aims for maximum impact , but is vaguely dissatisfying on both dramatic and spectacular levels .
There are so many characters and so little time is dedicated to each that it makes it difficult to become attached to any of them ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Hours after seeing it I 'd completely forgotten it .
My thumbs were up following the first movie but my reaction is more subdued this time around . It 's chaos without tension .
Almost incomprehensible in its most basic objectives ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Pacific Rim : Uprising is clearly of lower quality than the previous film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Where the first film turned its Transformers-meets-Godzilla concept into a blend of earnest emotion and smart spectacle , the follow-up is content to adhere to mindless blockbuster formula .
... one 's efforts at working up any interest in the heroes ' exploits fall entirely flat ...
Modest popcorn entertainment , happily estranged offspring from a lumbering wannabe epic .
We enjoy the rush while it lasts , no doubt but the film does n't offer any take-away like the original did .
While finding a brief glimpse of hope in the homages it tries to pay to the original , Uprising never fully develops a solid pace or a solid structure to justify it .
A pleasant time with no real repercussions . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The fighting was done well , Boyega 's acting was on point ... but I did n't love this movie .
The action is why you come to this movie in the first place , and I liked all the fight scenes I saw ... right to the cusp of fresh , but I can not call it a fresh picture .
Not even close to the level of its predecessor . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Without Guillermo del Toro directing , the sequel loses a good part of its attraction and becomes a simple Transformers imitation . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
There are a few things that hits all the right notes : its diverse casting , human sentiment and message ; yes , this monster blockbuster has a message .
Pacific Rim : Uprising preserves the playful spirit of the first , although much of humanity has been diluted . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This film merrily tramples over the line between tongue-in-cheek use of genre trope and plain old cliche .
Pacific Rim : Uprising , shows promise in its attempts at building on what del Toro started , but ultimately , those attempts fall flat . Pacific Rim : Uprising suffers due to a lack of the magic that was delivered by its creators spark .
I have a new appreciation for the mediocre original .
Awfully boring all in all , and that 's a terrible problem for such an empty-headed popcorn movie .
Pacific Rim : Uprising is a film that 's fully aware of its limitations but one that 's happy to work within the confines of them and even utilise them to its strengths . As a result , it 's a much more enjoyable ride than anyone might dared to have hoped .
There is a lot missing from this drab , lethargic sequel to the 2013 , rock - 'em - sock - 'em robots-versus-monsters hit Pacific Rim .
This is a typical summer-type movie , a popcorn movie . There is plenty of action and eye candy . It is pure escapism . As such , it works well enough .
Kaijus and Jaegers might be back fighting but that did n't mean I felt anything sitting in the theatre watching them wrestle for supremacy .
Under the direction of Steven S. DeKnight , the excitement of the scant battle scenes in the first half is quickly vaporized by extended sequences of inefficiency : in the laboratory , in the training room , in the testing facilities .
From top to bottom , Uprising is beautifully conceived and filled with heart . The moment John Boyega appears on screen , what weighed Pacific Rim down the first time around becomes obvious .
Pacific Rim : Uprising fails to enthrall with its weak script , dull action sequences , and forgettable characters . John Boyega , however , is certainly one of Hollywood 's more interesting stars .
Satisfies on the action front , while the rest is a big misfire . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Boyega 's trademark energetic charm and swagger grounds the whole film , making it fun and lively .
After its enjoyable first hour , Uprising descends into a series of giant robot fights , which are as numbing here as they are in most Transformers movies .
Enormously likable characters make this feel like a big friendly rambunctious dog that you ca n't help but get a kick out of , but it fundamentally misunderstands the appeal of its predecessor movie .
Within the first five minutes of Pacific Rim Uprising , it is already a hundred times better than its predecessor .
Pacific Rim Uprising is sort of tolerable for the first hour or so , before a rolling Cgi battle sinks this inane enterprise .
The visual effects are better and the monsters are evolving but the tangled , tedious storyline will defeat anyone over the age of ten .
Whereas the original , directed by Guillermo del Toro , had faint aspirations to classiness , this one is a basic mix of cocky banter and robot-smashing action .
Unless you 're thrilled by everything and anything sci-fi , and know that the inventive del Toro returns only with a token producer credit , see this one at your own risk .
Whichever way you cut it , these films owe a huge debt to Michael Bay and his critic-negating Transformer films . Indeed , many of the battle scenes in PCU look like they could be dropped into any of Bay 's city-set cage matches without anyone noticing .
It makes you yearn for the nuance and complex characterisation of the Transformers series .
Pacific Rim : Uprising is the dumbest movie since Pacific Rim .
Like most unintended second installments , this one is superfluous - a remix of moments , scenes , and images from its predecessor infused with the need to make everything bigger and louder .
Guaranteed to leave viewers of a certain age remembering back to kaiju-filled Saturday afternoons .
A Jaeger bomb , but no worse than its humdrum predecessor .
Mindless , metallic mayhem ...
Boyega injects real energy into the film . With him at the controls of a Jaeger , this adolescent franchise can likely survive a third outing .
Boyega cements himself firmly as a leading man to be reckoned with and Scott Eastwood broods in a t-shirt perfectly well . The film ticks along nicely enough with your usual huge set pieces but does little more .
Its 111 minutes feel like 1,011 , as duelling giant robots trample skyscrapers in vague service of yet another plot about a world on the brink of apocalypse .
Pacific Rim : Uprising does not disappoint : it does what it says on the tin . And boy , does this sequel deliver .
Pacific Rim Uprising might have played a little better if it were not a sequel . It suffers from being a notable step down from its predecessor .
John Boyega manages to show more personality in one unambitious but efficient sequel than entire casts have managed in five Transformers movies .
The movie felt like Power Rangers to me , and therefore I enjoyed it .
Like leftovers in the fridge or reuniting with a lost love , `` Pacific Rim : Uprising '' is proof things are never as good the second time around .
John Boyega and Scott Eastwood are two good actors looking for the reason they starred in this loser .
Although buoyed by the bottomless charisma of star John Boyega , this sequel is a mind-numbing assault on the senses as well as one 's affection for the original .
`` Pacific Rim : Uprising '' is a mindless delight . But it is a delight for audience members who love this kind of junk-food cinema . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
On all counts , Pacific Rim Uprising fails the challenge .
It 's either brilliantly stupid or stupidly brilliant .
In DeKnight 's hands , the franchise becomes little more than a collection of cacophonous battle sequences that already have evoked apt comparisons with the Transformer movies .
Overall , Pacific Rim Uprising should give fans of the original more of what they loved the first time around and more of what people who did n't like the original wish it would have had .
Weak , aimless , and noisy ... . A water-treading middle episode .
Any fleeting excitement dissipates quickly thanks to a screenplay that lacks ambition almost to the extent that it feels like a narrative give-up .
Steven S. DeKnight keeps things shuffling along but his big , busy and clunky movie would be nothing if it were n't for star John Boyega cracking wise in his own British slang .
The one positive takeaway from Uprising is that Boyega has definite leading man potential outside the Star Wars universe ... but there 's just far too much running in place .
The result is a film that obviously tries hard to build upon the original , but misses the point entirely . This makes much of the film feel generally hollow , despite the added glamour .
No one could ever think that a movie about giant robots could ever beat the past three Transformers films for sheer awfulness . Think again .
Everyone is equally blunted by blandness . All the kids who undergo military training are constantly reminded they need to act like a family , but the script never affords them the opportunity .
Without a sense of urgency , the emotion is practically nil , the value of repetition is nonexistent , and the film disappears from memory without any collateral effect . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I ca n't say ... that I think this is a franchise that really warranted having a sequel , but I 'm happy enough that it got made .
Do n't go watch if you want intricate plotting or a deep characterising , but if you want to watch gigantic robots fight , this is for you .
One of the successes of Pacific Rim Uprising is that the fights between robots and kaijus happen in broad daylight , something that we did not have in Del Toro 's film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It pays lip service to having characters with individuality and personality , but over and over , the writers forget about all these things , and just throw monsters and mecha at each other in a big , bright game of smashy-smashy .
Not as great as Guillermo del Toro 's original but cast led by John Boyega and Scott Eastwood make it fun .
It outdoes its predecessor in embracing big-kid-playing-with-action-figures fun , and that makes it measurably more enjoyable than a lot of similar blockbusters .
Barely fresh but kinda fun even though the monsters look like the cheesy 1960s Japanese horror flick creatures and the good guy robots are Transformer light .
I think the biggest surprise for some will be how little Del Toro is missed .
This one could well have bored the tusks off Gamera .
It seems that the strain of being a loyal sequel and trying to be its own thing was too much for Uprising , as it tears itself apart in the attempt and leaves bare the skeleton of the decent actioner that could have been .
This monsters vs. robots sequel is , surprisingly , much more than a dashed-off afterthought ; it 's speedy , nimble , fun , and -- best of all -- it does n't take itself too seriously .
Pacific Rim Uprising is a dumbed-down version of its predecessor , an imitation of the first film that does n't live up to its creative imagination .
Good writers borrow . Great writers steal . The writers of this action sequel are magnificently larcenous .
There 's no point in wondering if some other director could have done it better when it 's crystal clear there was no need for it to be done at all .
If you liked Pacific Rim , you 'll probably like Uprising , too . It might even leave a generation of kids wanting more .
Some of the spectacle of the original , with none of the soul .
You wish you could fast-forward through all the unnecessary talking stuff and get to the battles .
If President Trump banned action movies from using lines like `` I got this '' he might win re-election in a landslide .
Ridiculous and cheesy , `` Uprising '' is a sad follow-up to a promising unique idea . Sure , these films are just monster movies , but the 2013 flick had bite and narrative depth giving the effects more impact . This sequel is positively wince-inducing .
Second verse , same as the first . Even bigger robots . Even meaner monster aliens . Even dumber dialogue .
What it does n't deliver in terms of the sheer density of imagination of Guillermo del Toro 's original , it more than makes up for in pure spectacle .
Pacific Rim Uprising is a cynical retread of the original , with only John Boyega 's performance showing any spirit .
Devoid of the heart and soul of its predecessor , ` Pacific Rim : Uprising ' aims to please hardcore fans of massive monster versus robot fights . Those seeking any depth in their action films , better look elsewhere .
It 's still basically The Attack of the Killer Calamari , but without the panache , humour or the lightness of touch that Del Toro brought to it .
If you want to see a noisy , brainless , plotless , spectacle that climaxes with an occasionally rousing downtown donnybrook between three Kaiju and four Jaegers , then come to this . If you do n't , do n't . It 's better than the first film .
At best it can be seen as the set up for a new ` Young Adult ' take on the franchise , which would n't be a bad thing .
If it were a standalone film it would get that third star , but as a Pacific Rim sequel it 's disappointing .
It knows its mission parameters , and it ticks them off with alacrity .
The final scene holds out the promise of yet another episode . Actually , it sounded more like a threat .
Even though this film does all the things a sequel supposed to do , it still manages to deliver a tepid , lukewarm response .
This is Transformers-level inanity . It will not make you feel like a 10-year-old , but it will make you feel 10 years older by the time you leave the theater .
Putting DeKnight at the helm has n't degraded the enterprise ; if anything , it has put the enterprise , glorified demolition derby that it is , into proper perspective .
An odd subtitle for a movie with all the insurgent energy of a senior dog splayed in the sun . Yet another fiscally and creatively timid sequel returning only the affordable actors and pandering to China by casting its national stars in nothing roles .
... ` Uprising ' comes up short on all accounts . Like the Kaiju , it should be buried and forgotten .
Audiences that step into Uprising are probably looking for one thing : gigantic creatures fighting and smashing into buildings . You get that here and nothing more .
It 's all sheen and spectacle , without the affection or personality of the original .
Boyega and newcomer Spaeny give it their all ; but let 's just face the fact that , just like porn , giant monster movies are all about the climax .
` Pacific Rim Uprising ' is a heavy metal rush .
a moderate entertainment that will inspire some and bore most
It 's 10 years later and another rock 'em sock 'em battle between the Jaegers and the Kaiju is in the offing .
It 's all so much like watching Saturday morning cartoons , and every bit as not riveting .
There 's no doubt in my mind that Pacific Rim Uprising knows exactly the type of entertainment it wants to deliver-a larger-than-life science fiction-driven spectacle centered on giant , badass robots-and it does just that with a great sense of confidence .
This is a sequel at odds with its own identity , fighting to avoid the schlocky excesses that it needs to be successful . By the time the fun finally arrives , all the little boys have taken their action figures and gone home .
To its credit , Pacific Rim Uprising does n't suffer from any pretentions about what it is , which proves kind of refreshing .
Do you like watching giant robots fight monsters , often with little to no regard for how much destruction ends up in their wake ? Great news : There 's something in Pacific Rim Uprising for you .
It is n't that Steven S. DeKnight , director of Netflix 's Daredevil , has proposed to make a film that marks the future of this emerging saga . What it does is fight the giants over and over again , breaking everything , mainly in Asia . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Laughable sequel to -LSB- Guillermo del Toro 's -RSB- bloated 2013 ` Power Rangers ' - meets - ` Transformers ' ripoff .
In fact , the kaiju themselves , in their bizarre characteristics and highly imaginative use of bio-weapons , are more interesting as characters than the jaeger pilots .
The script ... is a disaster that recycles notions but does not achieve the same emotionality ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lacks the soul Guillermo del Toro brought to the first .
Even with that childish joy in mind , Pacific Rim Uprising does n't do anything to really justify its existence .
A sequel to an unexpectedly great film is a near impossible act to pull off . Pacific Rim : Uprising is neither a terrible disappointment nor a thundering triumph . It 's an adequate second act with enough flourish and wit ...
What we have here is a textbook example of an unnecessary sequel .
Pacific Rim Uprising delivers everything it promises on the poster , an over the top spectacle of robots vs monsters that is as exciting a ride in March as anything ever released during the summer movie season .
Watching del Toro 's film felt like playing with toys as big as skyscrapers , but everything about this successor feels trinket-sized .
Guillermo Del Toro 's 2013 original -LRB- well , first , anyway -RRB- Pacific Rim was a genre love letter . The sequel is an exemplar , a big-budget actioner that goes about its bang-up business with skill and speed .
Tickets to `` Pacific Rim Uprising '' should come with a package of aspirin .
Lacks the poetry of its predecessor , but a solid 111 minutes of giant robots punching each other .
Although the movie delivers some interesting new characters and a clever plot , it 's saddled with a weak script that makes it a shadow of its predecessor .
The fate of the world has rarely been decided in as rote a manner as it is here .
The decidedly more kid-friendly Pacific Rim Uprising is rushed and nonsensical , with uninspired action and a script that seems almost cruel in its determination to squander talented actors .
At times like watching the world 's longest episode of Power Rangers . It 's childish fun in small doses to watch things blow up and high-rise buildings get destroyed . But eventually senses dull , to match the dialogue .
It 's not new or novel anymore , and all the clashing and bashing of colossus bots and leviathan beasts gave me a Pacific Rim-size headache .
A movie that plays like a lost `` Transformers '' entry .
Big , dumb and very loud action movies are n't just for the Transformers franchise anymore .
`` Pacific Rim Uprising '' is a lot like the city-crunching monsters it stars : big , loud and as dull-witted as Homer Simpson roused from a medically induced coma .
What makes a fight compelling onscreen is n't the motion of a punch . It 's what spurs the punch , what the punch means , how it feels , and what happens after .
Pacific Rim simply had more personality whereas Uprising delivers the same style of excitement , but filtered through a more generic Hollywood lens
Steven S. DeKnight 's film lacks for Guillermo del Toro 's visual acumen , but it makes up for that with an energetic sense of chaos throughout its front-and-center skirmishes .
`` Uprising '' is loud , packed with impressive effects and propulsive - or as propulsive as a car with no brakes going downhill - but it lacks the heart of del Toro 's original .
DeKnight does n't attempt to invest his monsters with majesty , the way Guillermo del Toro did in the previous film . With DeKnight it 's just a lot of pounding , smashing and driving , purely functional .
Simply put , it lacks its predecessor 's curiosity about its world-its fascination with colorful backdrops and machines .
Spaeny shines in her first film role , and casting director Sarah Halley Finn has stacked the cast with a roster of interesting , magnetic newcomers . However , `` Pacific Rim Uprising '' is propelled by the powerful gravitational pull of John Boyega 's charisma .
`` Pacific Rim Uprising '' is a visually-stunning , expertly crafted dose of cheer-at-the-screen fun . It 's the definition of what a blockbuster sequel should be .
Pacific Rim Uprising builds out the universe for a bigger , more fun fight between giant robots and monsters , but loses sight of del Toro 's vision .
Monster-movie fans will certainly get their money 's worth in this one .
Just as hokey as its inspirations .
We 're sitting through a glorified B-movie with nothing new to say .
Pacific Rim Uprising aspires to be mindless entertainment and mostly succeeds , thanks to vigorous direction from first-timer Steven S. DeKnight and a reasonably charismatic star , John Boyega .
Pacific Rim Uprising is a rollicking robot and monster beatdown . It is surprisingly more fun than the original .
... if you can buy into Pacific Rim , you can buy into Pacific Rim Uprising . And if you can buy into Pacific Rim Uprising despite its flaws , you 'll find it to be a fun , if not exactly filling , film .
It 's better than a `` Transformers '' movie .
It 's pretty good at shuttling us from one set piece to the next . And when those set pieces are good - as is the case with an early Jaeger fight in Siberia , or the gee-whiz silliness of the climactic battle in Tokyo - it 's easy enough to overlook .
There 's no jaw-dropping scene ... the movie 's biggest flaw is that it tries to do too much , and it overreaches .
DeKnight 's considerable talent feels jilted by an aggressively commercial experience . Uprising takes the Pacific Rim story and turns it into a brand .
Be prepared to fall asleep whenever -LSB- Scott -RSB- Eastwood is onscreen .
-LSB- S -RSB- o ridiculous and some of the action downright stupid that it 's hard not to smile .
... Uprising fulfills the `` bigger , louder , more '' remit of the blockbuster sequel ...
Pacific Rim Uprising is the first cuckoo of spring . Do n't leave your nest unattended .
Predictable story aside , the action and the Jaegar fight scenes are pretty cool , though the new Jaegers will remind you of Transformers , complete with some Michael Bay-esque trademark moments .
`` Pacific Rim : Uprising '' may be not be much , but in the spirit of the film itself , let 's be realistic . It 's better than any of the `` Transformers '' movies , and shorter .
Steven S. DeKnight mostly ignores all of the tangible details that made the first film such a preposterous charmer , crafting a sequel fixated more on corporate intrigue than the reason anyone watches Pacific Rim : TO SEE ROBOTS FIGHTING MONSTERS .
As sequels to sci-fi action thrillers showcasing giant metallic fighters go , `` Pacific Rim Uprising '' is adroit and enjoyable .
Pacific Rim Uprising will offer thrills but the sequel is missing a lot of the ingredients that made the first film an entertaining hit .
... the type of movie that will be forgotten in a week .
Here is a $ 150 million sequel in which bigness reigns supreme , and the characters are subservient to the tech . Watching this movie is to see a cinematic future in which the flesh and blood of human drama means very little .
Instead of expanding on the central clash between giants , the sequel dials back dramatic ambition , becoming a more simplistic and cartoonish creation , often playing like a television pilot for a `` Pacific Rim '' series .
Pacific Rim Uprising is a loud , ridiculous film about giant fighting robots and massive monsters from an interdimensional portal under the ocean . It 's totally over-the-top , and it 's also the most fun I 've had at the movies in ages .
The second section-you know , the one where people stop talking and start bashing things-is just sensational .
Pacific Rim Uprising is serviceable enough on its own terms , but ca n't help but feel like a pale imitation of the first movie .
Stupid . $ 150 million worth .
If a kid describes it to you by saying , ` And then this happened , and then this happened , and then this happened ' they will actually be as accurate as the screenwriters themselves .
Uprising is unburdened by del Toro 's reputation . -LSB- It 's now -RSB- free to be your standard , dumb , robot-on-monster flick , no grading curve necessary .
The one thing the world less needed than another Transformers film was another ersatz Transformers film .
We 're here for the robot v monster mayhem , and that 's where Uprising delivers in broad cartoon strokes of wholesale destruction .
These Mark 6 Jaegers with their electric whips , `` gravity slings '' and plasma swords deliver all the giant robot thrills you could wish . Thanks to Boyega and Spaeny , you might even care about the human characters , too .
What was once a refreshing alternative to the countless big-budget sequels has become a franchise as crass , unimaginative and unrelenting as everything else .
If you enjoyed 2013 's Pacific Rim but secretly wished it was more like a vapid Transformers sequel , then you 'll love Pacific Rim Uprising .
The action is harmless , the story is compelling , and the special effects are on par with Boyega 's talent . Steady , bold and does n't show any obvious seams .
Pacific Rim : Uprising does a couple of things better than its predecessor : Boyega is a more charismatic lead than Hunnam could ever be ... I ca n't hate it ; on some level every genre fan likes watching monsters and cyborgs swinging skyscrapers at each other .
This movie is a blast to watch , and I think that 's all it 's supposed to be .
Face-offs in Siberia and finally on the slopes of Mt. Fuji provide some welcome relief from the sameness of modern cities , the snow and ice adding an appealing new degree of difficulty to the same old fight .
There are no stakes here , just lots of robots and then dinosaurs who rise up out of the sea and place their large feet down onto pavement that rises up as random people run away and try to escape .
Thanks to a scene-stealing Charlie Day , and a gung-ho John Boyega , Pacific Rim : Uprising is a fun dose of entertaining escapism , nothing more .
-LSB- It -RSB- is a fast movie . Too fast . I remember being confused by the plot , but I did n't really care - so long as the robots fought .
The scenes may technically be bigger in scope , but the repetition and lack of creativity make them feel ... reduced from the original . And it should n't . It really should n't .
The ending is good fun , but there 's too much messing around beforehand with a whodunit , the military industrial complex and shoehorning new faces into the plot .
It 's a predictable storyline but for an epic like this that 's exactly what you want - it brings a little humanity to the course .
Respectable . Boyega adds real bounce and DeKnight delivers spectacle , even if the plot does n't strain too far from the original 's crash-bang formula .
DeKnight shows he can pilot a CGI fight sequence as well as his predecessor , Guillermo Del Toro -LRB- `` The Shape of Water '' -RRB- . These movies can be fun once the colossal foes start grappling .
Pacific Rim Uprising is a loyal , if unremarkable , successor to the giddy original .
The sequel is an improvement on its predecessor in at least one respect : Its running time is twenty minutes shorter . Not that you feel it .
Paint-by-numbers approach to franchise construction , replete with a formulaic promise of future installments that , on the basis of this entry , feels mostly like wishful thinking .
The first Pacific Rim was a dumb movie that thought it was something more than that -LSB- ... -RSB- Pacific Rim Uprising is a dumb movie that knows it 's a dumb movie .
The film in general moves at a sleeker pace , with more of an actual plot to match the shiny visuals . It 's strange given that Del Toro , a newly minted Oscar-winning director , could n't make a more entertaining film than Uprising 's Steven S DeKnight ,
Depressingly , `` Uprising '' is never better than when it 's setting up another sequel . By the time that movie crashes into theaters , our expectations for it might actually be low enough for it to surpass them .
The final act is a delirious sugar rush of city-smashing spectacle . It 's generic but ` Uprising ' kicks the metal ass of any of the ` Transformers ' films .

@highlight

Pacific Rim Uprising wo n't win any points for subtlety or originality , but it delivers enough of the rock 'em - sock 'em robots-vs . - kaiju thrills that fans of the original will be looking for .