A manipulative bore of a film . Liam Neeson is better than this and so are you .
A good character study lost in the haze of bad thriller gimmickry .
Strangely inhospitable , perhaps better appreciated three margaritas into a Sunday afternoon Lifetime film festival than a critical Friday night rental .
Its plotting leans more toward silly , soap opera-ish machinations , and while Banderas is as charming as ever , there are a couple of crucial bits of miscasting .
Neeson , in particular , has to rumble through the movie behaving in a way consistent with the ending and comes off as far over the top in the process .
A turgid tale of adultery among the rich and boring .
The result is B-grade cheese . The only genuine mystery , for me , is why such a fine cast signed on for such a witless movie .
Everyone seems as if they 're going through the motions .
It was directed by British theater director Richard Eyre , who knows how to line up the shots but not how to make us feel the compulsive hunger that drives Peter to the brink of a very tidy , stiff-upper-lip breakdown .
Before long , the characters , which director Richard Eyre adapted from a Bernhard Schlink short story , cease to be people and start to become devices .
Despite the gimlet eye of Richard Eyre , former director of England 's Royal National Theatre , and the top-echelon talents of an impressive cast , a dreary , disabled disaster called The Other Man drops dead at the starting gate .
Despite the cast , which is very good , you never feel like they 're really taking on a life of their own .
It owes its air of mystery to a piece of narrative trickery that 's both obnoxiously manipulative and insultingly obvious .
A skewed psychological thriller revolving around the many forms of betrayal .
A contrived , poorly crafted , sophomoric and bland thriller that ca n't even be saved by its stellar cast .
Stagy to a fault , and painfully uneventful , `` The Other Man '' suffocates from the pitiable writing at hand .
Near the end , Peter issues this verdict on his romantic rival , `` Appalling ... but also rather wonderful . '' Applied to the film itself , he 's half right .
A supposedly grown-up drama like The Other Man ought to have scruples about where it plans to take you . Trickiness for its own sake is simply a cheat .
It 's a decent adult drama that should keep you guessing .
An oddly affecting drama offers much food for thought on the after-effects of adultery and the toxin that can wither our soul when we are overtaken by jealousy .
The sexual temperature remains a safe , nap-inducing 98.6 .
Can you believe that a guy who once played Oskar Schindler and a woman who was Abigail Adams can go slumming in a less-than-appealing soap ?
The screen version of Bernhard Schlink 's short story The Other Man does not deliver . The secret at the heart of the film , after all the fractured narrative convolutions , is anti-climactic , and the conclusion is strained and awkward .
The film is filled with good-on-paper moments that build up and slowly tighten like a knot but usually end in a whimper .
plays like a bleary , wandering dream .
If you like being manipulated by top-notch actors , you 'll have a blast here . Otherwise you might lose your patience . I did n't .
The Other Man feels like a movie that focuses on the hole , instead of the doughnut .
The Other Man is self-conscious , overproduced , overacted Euro-marital hoo-ha .
As the pathetic , decent lothario , Banderas lacks sexual threat just as the script 's various miscommunications lack Pinter menace . Neeson is too rough-hewn for the conflicted cuckold .
It hurts to see a terrific cast -LRB- including the lovely and intelligent young Irish actress Romola Garai as the couple 's quietly seething daughter -RRB- squandered on such dreary filmmaking .
Good actors -LRB- including Liam Neeson and Laura Linney -RRB- are wasted in Eyre 's new film , which is neither effective as anatomy of a troubled marriage nor satisfying as a Hitchcockian thriller about a missing wife .
The tone is too uneven for us to get on board . And there are a couple of major plot points that are badly mishandled , leaving us feeling cheated .
... pretty much cements Richard Eyre 's status as a high-brow purveyor of trashy fare ...
Seldom has such great star power been marshaled in the service of a sillier movie than The Other Man .
Richard Eyre is fast becoming the new master of unhealthy obsession .
The promising intrigue of a husband 's bullheaded obsession with his wife 's lover falls flat in The Other Man , directed with an indifferent hand by Richard Eyre .




@highlight

Despite the best efforts of a talented cast , The Other Man is talky , witless , and tension-free .