Kedi -LRB- ` cat ' in Turkish -RRB- is much more than a cute film showing these felines ' day-to-day lives .
Even if you 're not a cat person , you 'll find Kedi an enchanting and tranquil delight .
Treat yourself to a delightful experience of less than 80 minutes by immediately watching this film in whatever manner suits you best -LRB- I 'm going to buy it on Blu-ray -RRB- .
A family friendly love poem to cats .
As the camera follows cats through streets , or up onto rooftops ; and as drone cameras hover above Istanbul , looking down at a city that has nurtured these creatures for thousands of years , a calm clarity sets in .
Focusing on the seemingly unknowable perspectives of the cats , -LSB- Ceyda Torun -RSB- makes a case for the innate goodness of the human spirit .
Between segments , the camera zooms over the city-even with its current 20 million human inhabitants , it 's so gorgeous that I 'm ready to pack my bags and get on a plane-and concentrates on one cat and its people .
A must for fans of cats , cities and city cats .
... a charming documentary about the felines and the love towards them and , in passing , the other great eternal city , Istanbul ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The sultans of Istanbul have tails and say `` meow '' . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Istanbul and its wonderful warm , funny and loving relationship with free agent kitties .
The delightful Kedi portrays a complex city founded on history and tradition , and surrounded by goodwill , magnificence , and fragility .
In the end , it 's all fairly light and fluffy fare , but made with care and shot with aplomb , it sums up expertly how these furry Istanbul inhabitants embody the chaos and are part of the soul of that city .
Easy-going in mood and pacing , Kedi patiently follows a variety of felines through their routines , seemingly living very charmed lives in a city that prides itself on taking care of its cats .
Gives us a synoptic vision of Istanbul as filtered through one of that ancient city 's most unique traits , the enormous population of quasi-domestic cats roaming its streets .
Everything is of the moment : the filmmakers spend a few moments or minutes with one person and cat , then move on .
If all you know of cats is what you see on Facebook , you will be amazed by Kedi . If what you know about cats comes from your resident feline , you will be soothed and assured by Kedi .
The enchanting Turkish documentary Kedi works triple time as a nature documentary , a travelogue , and a meditation on the human-animal bond .
The philosophical depth unearthed in Kedi is astounding .
Not only for cat people , then , but you need to be that way inclined if you are to be entranced by all of the many shots that just show cats being cats .
Part wildlife documentary , part urban love letter . Kedi may only be a slender 79 minutes long , but it 's a lyrical and surprising philosophical tribute to the therapeutic power of pets .
While cat lovers will naturally be drawn to this documentary due to the subject matter alone , those with more ambiguous feelings towards our feline friends will also find oodles of things to enjoy in this well-crafted and lovable piece of film .
It wears its affection on its sleeves - or , perhaps its collar - but pairs that obvious love with thoughtful insights .
Torun has made a memorable film .
This beautifully shot film will be catnip to fans of felines .
The cats are captured with adoring attentiveness , their intelligent eyes narrowing to slits , their darting movements , a patch of sun-warmed fur , the way one kitten clambers a market stall to paw a pile of oranges .
Keep your big names , blockbusters and box office brouhaha , this is the most exciting film of the summer -- if you 're a cat devotee .
Filmed at whisker-height , this charming documentary enters the daily lives of the many street cats of Istanbul .
A leisurely and surprisingly engaging oddity .
Not since Thomas O'Malley got that wanderlust in Disney 's The Aristocats -LRB- 1970 -RRB- has the life of a street cat seemed so idyllic .
You need n't be a cat lover to enjoy Kedi , since the film will make you one anyway .
It is by turns intriguing , amusing and a little bit twee .
This is the film the world needs right now .
One of the most impressive elements in a very likeable documentary is the balance Torun strikes between analysis and affection in her approach toward her feline protagonists .
We profile and explore Istanbul , it 's culture , heritage and its people - all through the eyes of one of its most curious inhabitants ; the cat .
A purrfect antidote to blockbuster fatigue .
There 's no more to it than that , but an attractive music score , incorporating several Turkish songs , makes for an engaging film that 's easy on the eye and the ear - especially for cat and/or Istanbul lovers .
A quietly profound chronicle of the region 's history , a positive demonstration the power of kindness and even justice and , just maybe , a religious and spiritual experience . If you want it to be .
The wonderful aspect of the film is how lovingly the director portrays the cats and their people . There is n't much of a story line or much of a dramatic arc , so viewers who are not cat lovers may want to skip it .
You do n't have to be a cat lover to appreciate the film .
This captivating documentary casts a serenely powerful spell as it explores the extraordinary bond shared between the Turkish city 's omnipresent four-pawed nomads and the humans who look after them .
In this beautifully photographed and warmly human portrait , there is no all-seeing David Attenborough - like narrator , only the voices of the people whose daily routines intersect with those of the animals , which come and go as they please .
Defined by low to the ground camerawork that captures feline grace and a ruminative philosophical outlook , this Turkish documentary about the city of Istanbul 's vast population of moggies overshadows any mere cat video online .
The beautifully filmed doc is a cat lover 's dream , but it also acts as a love letter to Istanbul , its fish markets and cafés , its haphazard roads and shabby elegance , the blue expanse of the Bosphorus under gull-filled skies .
There 's a lot of light , heart , and compassion to be found in this lovely little documentary , and I hope it finds a warm , sunny place in the hearts of cat lovers everywhere .
Despite their aloofness , or maybe even because of it , the hundreds of cats roaming the streets of Istanbul have the luck of being fed and petted by the good-natured citizenry .
`` Kedi '' makes a persuasive case that the cats are a civic virtue , representing the unpredictability , even the nuisance , that is an essential part of living in a city .
Kedi reminds us that every life on this planet -- even the ones thriving in alleyways -- is rich with stories .
Deep thoughts , fuzzy cats in heartwarming documentary .
The film runs only 80 minutes , but I could have watched a version at least three times as long .
`` Kedi '' is the cat 's meow . Literally .
Its story may not change one 's life , but `` Kedi '' captures a fascinating portrait of a city and a people from an animal most would disregard .
There is more than meets the eye in Kedi , a soulful documentary that follows the wanderings of stray cats in Istanbul , Turkey -- and ends up saying something profound about the symbiosis between humans and animals .
This is a small film , but what a beautifully heartfelt one . It 's one that deserves to be seen , if for no other reason than to remind us that there are still corners of the world where the vulnerable are watched over by the compassionate .
-LSB- Kedi -RSB- explores whole Istanbul neighbourhoods and finds a delightfully symbiotic relationship between these titular nonpets and their special humans .
A work of unconditional love that celebrates a spot on Earth where an odd symbiosis between humanity and a purring segment of nature has flourished for centuries .
Though Kedi has no narrative , Torun does tell a story of a city in flux through these cats and people and urban vistas .
Director Ceyda Torun 's first feature length documentary , Kedi is a delightful , engaging look at the city of Istanbul 's population of street cats .
In 80 minutes , the city and the cats never get stale . Torun 's marvelous film is capped with a soundtrack of '60s Turkish rock , as if the cats were living the old hippie dream of life without responsibility and sustenance without work .
`` Kedi '' is simple , but it finds a tone of kindness that 's special and endearing while still offering all the feline behaviors a `` Cat Fancy '' subscriber could love .
You 'll be hard-pressed to find a documentary more aesthetically and emotionally satisfying this year than Ceyda Torun 's KEDi , about the hundreds of thousands of cats that make the streets of Istanbul their home .
At 80 minutes , Torun 's film feels a bit overlong , but it is as soft and warm as a kitten .
Humans can only draw so many lessons from cats .
Cats wander in and out of frame ; humans speculate on whether the local cats are ambitious or arrogant ; Turkish music spills onto the soundtrack ; and there 's more than one growler of a catfight .
Given how easy it is to pander to cat lovers , Kedi deserves credit for never stooping to outright mawkishness or cheap emotional manipulation .
If ever there was a movie that grabs you by the shorthairs , it 's Ceyda Torun 's `` Kedi . '' It 's catnip for felinophiles .
A visual feast . Cat and cinematography lovers will purr in delight . A celebration of Catstantinople .
There 's a sense of despair among the people of Istanbul that -LSB- director Ceyda -RSB- Torun captures , almost as if by accident .
Makes for a great reminder that decency can be detected in how human beings treat the animals they inhabit the world with .
-LSB- Torun -RSB- and her filmmaking team do things the hard , interesting way .
The stories of how various people came to look out for one of the seven cats followed here are charming and often touching , but the kitties take center stage .
Though pleasant to watch , Torun 's feature debut feels more like a meandering montage than a structured narrative , and it could easily be half as long .
Those who do n't especially like cats - or Istanbul , for that matter - might not get a lot out of Turkish director Ceyda Torun 's love letter to the feline population of her native city . For everyone else , it should be an almost unadulterated pleasure .
This remarkable film works on two levels , as Torun provides an insider 's look at Istanbul 's vibrant neighborhoods while following her cats .
A remarkable cinematic triumph that ought to have audiences purring for more .
This is the kind of movie I love best - one that starts small , then reveals , slowly but surely , that all of life is contained somewhere inside of it .
Imagine your favorite online cat video , multiply by hundreds ... a ravishing beauty .
Kedi is much less interested in just being a film about cats . Rather it is a film that uses cats as a platform to dive into the history of a city , its people , its culture , and questioning what our relationship with cats says about us .
I loved it and I am more of a dog person , though I admit to having bonded with a few felines in my day . I daresay even elephant or giraffe people will love it , too .
` Kedi ' is steeped in charm and simple wisdom . I should state flat-out that I am not a cat person , but this film won me over all the same
Cats , despite what any dog people reading may suggest , do make great friends , especially if you give them a whole city 's worth of space .
The synthesis of these themes with handsomely framed shots of narrow streets and darting and frolicking cats makes it clear that Kedi 's subject is Istanbul , a modern city that stretches back into ancient times .
By the time `` Kedi '' puts these animals through their paces , only one essential question remains unanswered : Will the dogs of the Dardanelles demand equal exposure ? This could be a trend .
A cat 's - eye view of the world that showcases both the warm-hearted people of this ancient Turkish city and the seamless integration of its felines into everyday life .
The larger portrait of Istanbul as a city whose residents almost unconsciously look out for even the littlest among them is heartening in an era defined by increasing isolationism and scapegoating .
In Istanbul , cats do n't meow . They miyav . The cat sounds the same ; it 's humans who hear and see things differently , as our species seems to do when we 're halfway around the world .
I know not everyone is a cat person , but I think most will be Kedi people .
A magical and immensely endearing documentary about the love affair between the people of Istanbul and the stray cats who wander the streets of the city .
Though technically a sophisticated , artful documentary from Turkish filmmaker Ceyda Torun , Kedi will automatically find devout fans among anyone who delights at all things feline .
Kedi may not add up to more than the sum of its parts , but its parts are , depending on your animal predilections , charming indeed .
Kedi stands as a subtle , gentle rebuke to such politico-architectural folly .
In Kedi , Torun captures what remains of her childhood paradise , creating a remembrance of and a model for a generous and humane way of life .
Torun 's approach lends itself to the contemplation of feline souls , glinting in the eyes of her subjects .
Caring for one another and caring for animals may seem like a small thing , but Torun 's affectionate portrait of these cats-and the people who love them-makes it seem like the most important thing in the world .
Kedi , an enchanting documentary by Ceyda Torun , operates on three levels , and we 're not speaking metaphorically here .
The picture 's pleasures are bountiful , particularly for cat lovers ...
The artful shots of Istanbul and moving observations from the locals elevate this cat-lady porn into an intimate portrait of a multicultural metropolis and its take on our relationship with animals .
I 'm not going to mince words : Kedi will go down as the most unabashedly adorable film of the year .
The movie is replete with ingeniously constructed mini-narratives , including a turf war . The mesmerizing score by Kira Fontana , interspersed with well-chosen Turkish pop , is a real asset .
Ailurophiles should flock to this charming documentary about free-range cats in Istanbul .
We 're down on the ground with these animals , whose day-to-day impulsiveness finds a sinuous expression in some of the most elegant camerawork to ever
grace a nature doc .
When it uses cats as a stealthy means to investigate the human heart ... it unsheathes its claws .
Why are other movies even made ?
Ceyda Torun 's Kedi is an open , tender-hearted meditation on the relationship between felines and humans .
A collective portrait that 's as elegant as its light-footed subjects , it 's guaranteed to soothe a weary mind , and just might lower blood pressure too .
Kedi will make you a believer .
A reminder that Istanbul can be a place of great warmth and solidarity even extended to street cats .
More than just another example of cute kittens on camera , Kedi bubbles over with charm and insight that millions of YouTube videos ca n't match .

@highlight

Kedi is a cat fancier 's dream , but this thoughtful , beautifully filmed look at Istanbul 's street feline population offers absorbing viewing for filmgoers of any purr-suasion .