There 's not a single gesture that is n't a cliché , not a single line of script that is n't a stage direction or harvested shamelessly from Wikipedia .
At least Celine Dion does n't appear on the soundtrack .
The love story itself is forgettable and cheesy . But that is only incidental compared to what you can watch this movie for - its fight scenes and cataclysmic climax , both produced and recreated in good detail .
No , I was not entertained at any point during Pompeii .
This film was n't horrible , it was just silly . What were we watching : a love story , a political thriller , an action-adventure ?
Pompeii 's recreated world feels especially hokey as the backdrop for shoddy sets , cheesy costumes and ludicrous dialogue .
Overall , Pompeii goes big on the action but lacks the gravitas of being a compelling story .
Its impact is muted by the dull foreground figures .
Pompeii 3D is a swords-and-sandals disaster epic that contains all the B-movie tropes you might hope for ... The only element missing is a decent script .
Hammy performances , poor editing , straight-to-DVD special effects , and bland direction .
Sure , every character beat is hammy and predictable , but hey , not everything can be fine dining . Sometimes you just want a good cheeseburger and fries .
Rapidly burnt by a volcanically ludicrous story , Pompeii rumbles and crumbles , over-baking itself into a frothy crisp -- puffery on the outside and clichéd passions within .
A rousing , crowd-pleasing noise-maker that delivers on what it promises .
It 's entertainingly silly stuff with an ` oh , no - they would n't ? ' finale of the ooziest toasted cheese .
The lava is the only thing that flows in this misfiring affair .
Rubbish , then , but laughable rubbish - often more `` with it '' than `` at it '' .
If the violence and tragedy of Pompeii 's destruction by a projectile vomiting Mount Vesuvius in 79AD is hard to imagine , harder still is a fan of Paul W.S. Anderson .
If you thought the famous eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD matters because of the mass destruction and the tragic loss of thousands of lives then think again .
It 's not just the ancient Roman city that gets burned to the ground here - careers are also convincingly incinerated by Paul WS Anderson 's pitiful excuse for a historical disaster movie .
Absolute nonsense , highly entertaining -LRB- on certain camp levels -RRB- - and never boring .
Browning , while indubitably beautiful , ca n't act very well . She sounds like a varsity netball player after a heavy defeat .
It 's all preposterously enjoyable , far more so than those impervious superheroes chucking each other about yet again .
Like an ancient Roman version of 2012 , this disaster epic is a pure guilty pleasure , sparking plenty of laughter along with the massive effects-based carnage .
Lifts shamelessly from Gladiator and Titanic , yet without an ounce of conviction or genuine feeling , the picture is oddly bereft of suspense but I think I know why . It 's because we could n't care less .
Undoubtedly watchable .
Finally , Mount Vesuvius erupts in a fury , possibly in response to the dialogue it has been forced to hear , and all of Pompeii resembles an explosion in a crematorium .
Thankfully , with its hokily enjoyable mix of sword-swinging heroics and CG pandemonium , Pompeii does n't blow it .
Better than it had any right to be .
Instantly forgettable but more than passable as a diversion ; solid B-movie cheese that 's like Titanic-lite meets Gladiator-lite .
Anderson goes to town with his recreation of Pompeii ... and then he unleashes a tsunami of dramatic clichés and a lava stream of cheesy dialogue that lay waste to everything in their paths .
Apart from the half-baked script , Harington and Browning do n't generate enough fire between them and after the curtain falls , the only question that stirs in your gut is : Pepperoni , or plain ... ?
Anderson 's offering is never quite accessible or empathetic enough , and with a romance we struggle to believe in , it deems this particular project something of a failure .
Bland set-pieces are accompanied by even blander exposition delivered by the blandest of performances until Vesuvius spills her guts .
Everyone should take cover from the eruption of clichés in Paul WS Anderson 's new toga adventure .
While it offers spectacular CGI devastation and a chiselled hero , Pompeii is so soulless and empty that you wo n't shed any tears when the ` cano blows its top .
Over-reaching and unintentionally amusing , this is straight-to-video quality inexplicably delivered at blockbuster scale . A thunderous volca-NO .
Anderson is one of the few film-makers who can justify the 3D surcharge for an eyepopping CGI spectacular like this . Yet when Vesuvius blows , it does n't carry the weight of ancient tragedy . Such is the build-up , it almost comes as a blessed relief .
You 'll see nothing Ridley Scott did n't do better a decade ago and nothing 300 : Rise Of An Empire did n't do with more style six weeks ago .
Much like Anderson 's The Three Musketeers , the details are highly dubious , but the effect is strangely pleasing in its daft , anything-goes showmanship .
There 's nothing meaningful or insightful going on here . It 's a silly , trashy romp that throws a bunch of stuff at the wall and just hopes that some of it sticks .
When we walk in to see a film called Pompeii what we want is a staggering recreation of the colossal destruction wrought by the cataclysmic volcanic eruption of Mount Vesuvius ... And , on that score , Pompeii delivers in spectacular spades .
It 's an average modern actioner : driven by technology , careless of the past , casually insulting to the audience , mindless in its violence . Vesuvius 1 , movie-lovers nil .
The city 's end is far quicker than the two days scientists believe was required , but patience is not a virtue in this film .
A totally cheesy hybrid of sword-and-sandal adventure and disaster hokum .
Director Paul W. S. Anderson has not been able to elevate the rather primitive and corny nature of Janet Scott Batchler and Lee Batchler 's screenplay , co-written with Michael Robert Johnson or imbue the cardboard cut-out characters with much life .
... an almost prototypical guilty pleasure that fares better than most contemporary blockbusters ...
A dumbed down / pumped up story set against the historic eruption of Mount Vesuvius , this is a movie for undiscerning audiences kee
A predictable and melodramatic disaster movie in 3D that feels derived rather than fresh , cheesy instead of thrilling and earnest rather than dramatic
It never aims at anything more than the most superficial entertainment .
An overly-familiar story directed with some style but no particular flair . Kiefer Sutherland seems to be having fun doing his best Laurence Olivier impression .
Tthe film is mostly just silly and dim , with just enough awareness of where to hit us with a miniature earthquake to keep things from sagging too much .
If you 're a fan of Roman history , Pompeii is yet another film that will likely make you want to throw you copies of Gibbon at the screen . If you 're an average film-goer , then , frankly , you can do better .
only about half as bad as you imagine it will be , which is actually not a good thing because the film ends up being just mediocre , rather than the kind of howlingly enjoyable train wreck that reminds you how good unintentional comedy can be
I would not call it time well spent .
Oh ... whatever .
Historical epic is light on plot , heavy on carnage .
Wherefore art thou , Steve Reeves ?
-LSB- W -RSB- e are left wondering why these characters do n't simply abandon their relatively puny melodramas , if only for the basic goal of survival .
Pompeii is a hot mess of a movie well before Mt. Vesuvius erupts .
It 's Titanic meets Gladiator but not as good as either . If you do n't have time to read the rest of the review , that should do you just fine .
The paper-thin characters , wan dialogue , and rehashed plot make the volcanic debris a welcome sight when it finally arrives , 70 minutes in .
Why are n't more 3D fireballs hurled at the audience ? Anderson picked a weird moment in his career to show restraint .
Too full of itself to respect , but not outrageous enough to really love .
`` Pompeii `` stays unoriginal until the very end , when it finally does something unexpected and , in doing so , becomes a disaster movie that 's not a complete disaster itself .
Tries Too Hard To Be An Epic
Is it wrong to root for the volcano ?
It 's just a shame that more of Pompeii did n't feature a deadly Mount Vesuvius ; it 's the best character in the movie .
Pompeii ends up an epic failure that does n't show off the Mount Vesuvius disaster as much as it duplicates it .
While ... a pleasure only in the guiltiest of senses , if you 're willing to leave your brain in the lobby it can be giddily amusing as an exercise in wretched excess .
Pompeii is a disaster movie and a disastrous movie , but the ending is pretty doggoned spectacular , making it worth catching on the big screen .
I 'm not sure `` Juno 's tit ! '' is the best way to evoke period authenticity , but `` By the hymen of Olivia Newton-John ! '' was already taken by Will Ferrell .
With fireballs falling from the sky , it 's catastrophic - in more ways than one .
Elicits a genuine curiosity to learn more about Pompeii , since one has so much free time to ponder the story 's historical underpinnings whilst letting waves of inanity wash over them .
Pompeii is not going to have teenage girls swooning a la Titanic , but works as an action and disaster film .
Rife with clichés from a roll call of high-concept blockbusters that came before it , from Gladiator to Titanic to Roland Emmerich 's disaster oeuvre .
A clumsy character drama that turns one of history 's most interesting and heart-breaking natural disasters into a tiresome and unmoving cinematic experience .
By the time the credits roll , you 'll at least leave the theatre content with knowledge that there 's no chance there will be a sequel .
If nothing else , Pompeii is so unindicative of Paul W.S. Anderson 's style that it at least confirms he has one .
Anderson makes us wait , and wait , for the big visual effects payoff . When it finally lands like a burning fireball in our lap , it 's not only underwhelming , it does n't come near to capturing the horror we were waiting for .
Parmageddon is nigh in this cheesy action melodrama that feels both overheated with plot developments , yet strangely curdled from a lack of histrionics that might have redeemed it as fun trash .
One of history 's worst calamity 's becomes a movie mashup of Titanic 's doomed love and Gladiator 's sword-and-sandal arena combat , with an erupting volcano as the central -- and most interesting -- character .
The visual effects , which only become more important as the film progresses , vary in quality .
Narrative has never been Anderson 's strength ; the story here is a corny overhaul of James Cameron 's already-corny Titanic .
There are few other action filmmakers who can bring such enthusiasm to wanton destruction , racking up a massive body count and yet ensuring that the carnage goes down as smoothly as an overly buttered piece of popcorn .
At the risk of sacrificing my critical integrity , I am forced to admit that Pompeii is a blast .
Please erupt , Vesuvius .
No matter how much lava is afoot , there 's always time to impale one more person with a sword .
Sutherland is the best thing in the film , with his sad eyes and ruthless attitude . He is stuck with clichéd lines , the which he delivers in that glorious , rumbly voice that adds gravitas where it did n't previously exist .
The movie gives off a vibe as if it were written in reverse . After all , Anderson and his screenwriters had a slam-bang finale . They just did n't pay much attention to the first three-fourths of the film leading up to the apocalyptic climax .
The closing images-of a self-annihilating , all-consuming passion that will be preserved for centuries - -LSB- obliterate -RSB- the line between the ridiculous and the sublime .
A mindless but watchable fondue pot of high-calorie visuals and ready-made plotting ...
It 's Titanic meets Gladiator , but not as good as either . If you do n't have time to read the rest of the review , that should do you just fine .
If you were hoping ` Pompeii ' would ditch the lava in exchange for nonsensical political and romantic melodrama , Paul W.S. Anderson 's latest is for you - and probably only you .
By the time the inevitable eruption occurs , you may be on Team Vesuvius .
More fun than any civilization 's fiery extinction should ever be , Paul W.S. Anderson 's Pompeii 3-D is gloriously exciting kitsch - a poor man 's Titanic crossed with an even poorer man 's Gladiator .
Pompeii , the new historical-kitsch disaster movie , raises the question : Is there something about ancient classical settings that inspires actors to act badly ?
With characters this drippy and dramatics this deadly , you 'll end up rooting for the volcano to win .
It 's all as ridiculous as you 'd expect , but the special effects are pretty decent and the sword fights are all moderately exciting , so that counts as a good day at the office for a film like ` Pompeii . '
The thinking seems to be that when you already know that everyone is going to die at the end it makes it kind of hard to make any plot interesting so why not try them all out and see if any stick .
If you find yourself sucked into a showing of Pompeii , take the sage wisdom of the band Pompeii and just close your eyes . Some ear plugs would n't hurt either .
As gaudy genre uproar goes , this is n't bad .
A convoluted yet clichéd love story with some ill-executed gladiator antics and a barrage of bad CG .
Had the various characters not had a bad run-in with the volcano , the various cliches certainly would have ultimately done them in . -LRB- Also read our Full Content Review for Parents -RRB-
Pompeii may have razor-thin characters and the least-convincing romance of the past few years , but one thing it is not is boring .
The opening title of `` Pompeii '' reads `` A Film by Paul W.S. Anderson . '' In a film with so many unintentionally funny moments , this is the first .
Pompeii is a big , glorious , cheesy mess .
It 's a spectacle all right - but mostly just of a lot of people , some of whom should know better , making an utter ash of themselves .
The action scenes are choice , and once the clouds of ash and shooting fire and churning seas start up , `` Pompeii '' achieves a momentum that most sensationalist studio fare ca n't touch .
Anderson unfortunately has all the subtlety of Kim Kardashian in a thong bikini so he ca n't resist the urge of teasing the pending eruption instead of doing any worthwhile character development .
We could probably fill the Roman Colosseum with all the corny clichés until the volcano erupts and destroys everything .
Did we absolutely need a movie like Pompeii ? Of course not . Am I mad it exists ? Not in the least .
This is n't the authoritative movie on this particular subject . We 're still waiting for that . But it 's a respectable effort .
Like its director 's horror hybrids , Pompeii values self-determination over survival , which makes for better , brisker , less convoluted genre storytelling .
Everything about Pompeii feels half-assed - from its bland romance , to its terrible dialogue , to the worthless addition of 3D .
Pompeii has as much to do with realism and history as the average gas station has with gourmet cuisine and fine dining . If you 're hankering for something substantive , you 'll leave hungry .
If there were a hint of a sense of play or humor in the filmmaking , beyond a briefly amusing moment of comeuppance for a foppish slaveowner , Pompeii might be a fun February diversion instead of a dull , eye-rolling slog .
The special effects , especially in 3D , are impressive . But the movie is dragged down by its cheesy storyline .
Pompeii is a Titanic wannabe with a romance between a rich girl and a poor boy set against a natural disaster .
In `` Pompeii , '' Mr. Anderson 's latest 3-D extravaganza , and his first film without Ms. Jovovich since 2008 , he seems to be without visual focus .
It is supremely silly , chucking spears and fireballs through the third-dimensional fourth wall . But it owns its silliness , meaning that if you take it at its own speed , you 'll stand a good chance of enjoying yourself .
Harington transformed his body for the role , but here 's the real disaster : His startlingly defined six-pack abs are the most memorable part of his character .
Part sword-and-sandal spectacle , part disaster epic , `` Pompeii '' accomplishes its ambitious agenda to largely engrossing effect .
The performances are fine -LRB- even with Keifer Sutherland 's silly accent -RRB- and Kit Harrington has the makings of a movie star ... but while `` Pompeii '' showed promise early , this disaster film ends up being just another disaster .
It 's not disastrous but it 's not very good .
The story collapses in the second half of this initially promising mess and it appears that , even after 1,935 years , the tragedy of Pompeii is still too soon to trivialize .
There 's much to see here , but little to feel , and even less to remember .
... this is a gladiator movie encased within a highly coincidental love triangle wrapped up with a final , laughably inaccurate image that recalls the finale of `` Edward Scissorhands . ''
You wonder if Paul W.S. Anderson is a director who might feel disrespected .
One of the most bloodless films to ever kill thousands of people in a fell swoop .
Pompeii is not nearly as bad as it could have been . There are moments when it is genuinely entertaining , but also several others that show the large number of weaknesses it has .
It is a lot of `` action fun '' for audiences . That is , if death , destruction and gladiatorial bloodshed can be considered fun things to witness in a B-movie .
The drama is deadly but the volcano 's a blast , making Pompeii something less than the complete disaster you might expect .
A campy guilty pleasure that serves up a `` Gladiator '' knockoff as an appetizer to the impressively flame-filled main course .
All elements of the ancient catastrophe are rendered with the most up-to-the-minute CG technology . So the special effects are first rate . The story they serve , not so much .
Oh my sweet Jove it is boring .
Unfortunately , `` Pompeii '' turns out to be a blue-ribbon science fair volcano : all papier-mache , baking soda and vinegar , but no actual heat .
-LSB- Paul W.S. Anderson -RSB- needs heroes with personality and swagger , like his wife and frequent star Milla Jovovich . He gets -LSB- Kit -RSB- Harington , who is granite rock - good with a sword , okay with a badass bellow , listless at anything else .
Ah ... Pompeii . What choice cheese you are .
Unlike most city-go-smash setpieces , this is vibrant and surprising , only occasionally rote , the shots of screaming crowds and raining fire a skin over the heart and muscle of a story better told than many .
Pompeii is a fascinating mystery , with enormous possibilities that the movie utterlyignores .
This lumpen adventure with a misguided romance buries anything in the disaster-flick genre that might have been a blast .
Shockingly , the violent release of smoke , fire , and meteoric debris is positioned more as a climactic afterthought than as the main attraction .
Silly but fun . No more , no less .
As far as soapy , action-oriented , melodramatic spectacles go , `` Pompeii '' fits the bill .
Pompeii is half sword-and-sandal epic , half disaster movie and all guilty pleasure .
Sadly , among these traditional names there 's no one called Tedious , who would best understand the DOA drama of all this petty jealousy and puppy love .
A bit like its own villain , Mount Vesuvius : massive , full of hot air , and brainless .
Not even a minimal intellectual regard for what the filmmakers have callously deemed a brain-dead and bloodthirsty international audience has been granted ; the resulting movie is little more than a violent killing machine .
The eruption itself makes for some pyrotechnic thrills but the action and romance do n't produce many sparks ...
God help me , it 's not half bad . Pity the studio figured it was a Paul W.S. Anderson picture and sort of gave up on it .
If only Pompeii had been entrusted to a more entertaining hack than Anderson ; this is the guy , after all , who decided that The Three Musketeers really needed a blimp battle .
A kitschy apocalyptic peplum whose visual epiphanies -- of which there are definitely a few -- can not outdo a B - -LRB- or C - or D - -RRB- grade scenario that will have lots of eyes rolling by the time the big stack finally blows .
While hardly high art , `` Pompeii '' certainly recognizes what mass audiences want from a `` Game of Thrones '' - style sword-and-scandal saga , delivering especially high marks as either a sudsy indulgence for teenage girls or beefcake offering to gay men .

@highlight

This big-budget sword-and-sandal adventure lacks the energy and storytelling heft to amount to more than a guilty pleasure .