Mixing historical footage , present-day interviews , and footage of real events on campuses , -LSB- Andrew -RSB- Rossi paints a troubling picture of how we got here .
Lots of sympathy , but few answers to the problem of the high price of college
Very informative documentary about the corporatization of the academy , drawing from experts as well as boneheaded libertarians like Peter Thiel who hoists himself on his own petard .
All in all , Ivory Tower is balanced and comprehensive .
I 'm just as perplexed now as I was before watching the movie .
Sobering documentary on the spiraling high tuition in America 's colleges .
This film makes a convincing argument that the higher education system in America is headed toward collapse . Financing the system largely with student debt is unsustainable .
... does more to generate heat than to shed light on key issues in American higher education , and in fact suffers from many of the deficiencies typical of discussions of this topic .
Ivory Tower is a competent , slickly-produced documentary that takes a hard look at the cost and perceived benefits of higher education in the United States .
Rossi turns the spotlight on higher education and asks , in light of over one trillion -LRB- with a `` t '' -RRB- dollars in national student loan debt , is college worth the cost ?
What makes `` Ivory Tower '' interesting is how it looks at not just the debt but the causes behind it , and other problems besetting higher education .
Comes away with ten times more questions than answers . As it should .
The complex material could use a sharper focus , yet the film takes an even-handed approach and serves its primary purpose effectively - to cause people to think and take action about an issue that could get worse before it gets better .
` Ivory Tower ' is one of those call-to-arms documentaries that gets you fired up about a social problem and then proceeds to bum you out as it slowly reveals there is no clear solution to fix it .
A shocking and disturbing look at higher education in the U.S. , `` Ivory Tower '' does an excellent job exposing the many problems facing universities , and more importantly , students who wish to attend them .
There 's a new horror film being released today in American cinemas . It 's called `` Ivory Tower '' . No monsters abound here , no fire-breathing dragons -- just frightening facts about the high cost of a college education .
A groaning table of food for thought - almost too much for one movie , though presented with remarkable deftness .
A timely new doc that dissects the cultural assumption that a college education remains a modern necessity at all costs .
The treatment ... is rather scattershot , but even if some of the targets get only glancing blows and others are ignored almost entirely , ` Ivory Tower ' provides lots of food for thought .
`` Ivory Tower '' makes a persuasive case that the gravest epidemic that 's spreading from college campuses is n't student-loan debt but attention-deficit disorder .
Smart and necessary .
Frank look at business of college is a must-see for teens .
One frightening idea -LSB- raised in the film -RSB- is that we are coming full circle where only the wealthy can afford an education , giving the 1 % even more clout .
One of the most interesting discoveries is that it 's not just students who are in debt . In the spirit of competitiveness , colleges have had to up the ante .
Rossi gives us a survey course when what we need is a seminar ; the movie is a useful `` What 's Wrong With College 101 '' but the advanced study remains to be done .
Though the filmmakers take on too much in 90 minutes , they pass the test by convincing us that something needs to be done to end this financial nightmare , which can cost $ 60,000 per year per student .
Here 's a documentary that should be of interest to any kid thinking about his future or the parents socking away money for their children 's college fund .
A thought-provoking documentary told with the clarity and power of a great professor , Ivory Tower is essential viewing for any parent pondering the value of college for their child .
A sobering look at the cost of higher education .
Ivory Tower is a thorough , impressively researched film , one that both satisfies the basic demands of its category and yet refuses to be ploddingly dull .
Ivory Tower lays out most , though certainly not all , of the major issues surrounding the sky-high increase in college tuition that is plaguing the cause of higher education in America .
An infuriating film , in its description of the way that a college education threatens to bankrupt generations while promising a future it may not be able to deliver .
The crucial question that `` Ivory Tower '' fails to ask is the most important one of all : What do we do now ?
Ca n't seem to decide what points it wants to make and ends up making none .
Although stronger on breadth than focus , it 's an appropriately stimulating take on a far-from-sustainable system ...
If you 're considering college for your children or are just a concerned citizen , this comprehensive documentary gives you a lot to ponder .
Though it makes a powerful case for the value of higher education , the film also asks pointed questions about reasonable expectations and what needs to be revamped .
This insightful doc from director Andrew Rossi addresses topics that get more polarizing each year : the high cost of college , the factors that dictate who 's educated in this country and the culture that surrounds those decisions .
Rossi 's scathing -LRB- yet seemingly fair -RRB- documentary does n't just illustrate the institutional ironies of modern education . It also strives to understand why tuition is at an all-time high when knowledge is practically free .
` Ivory Tower ' lays out quite elegantly the many systemic problems , historical shifts and organizational changes that have contributed to the current crisis in higher education .
Ivory Tower asks a lot of provocative , important questions , but it 's decidedly short on answers , and even shorter on satisfying or convincing answers .
Full of questions for which there are not always necessarily easy real-world answers . But does n't that describe the college experience itself , however ? Our mission : try , try again , fail again , fail better .
What director Andrew Rossi has here are 45 powerful , incisive minutes of information . The rest of Ivory Tower is lost to repetition and substantial padding to reaching a 90 minute run time .
Crucial stuff .
This is n't a thesis film , but one that explores an issue from as many angles as it can in the traditional documentary length of around 90 minutes .
What the film does accomplish is making you think ...
The documentary is more interested in covering all its bases than making sure it fully has its foot on each base .
Thought provoking , but it bites off much more than it can chew in 90 minutes .
A stimulating and upsetting look at how high tuition and huge student loans have created a perfect storm over American colleges .


@highlight

Although Ivory Tower makes it clear that there is n't enough room in a 90-minute film to tackle spiraling student loan debt , it also serves as a compelling call for deeper investigation .