Packed with sharply witty touches that continually provoke knowing laughter .
`` Brigsby Bear '' is a stunning , uplifting , hilarious and original film told with heart and warmth and so far it 's one of my favourite films of the year .
it 's really messed up , but the SNL guys do really seem to find that sweet spot .
In general , it 's a good film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... argues for an eternal childhood .
One of the cult jewels of 2017 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
More people should be talking about Brigsby Bear , it 's such a well-made film with a great cast , a magnificent lead , and a premise that oozes with charm and originality .
Dave McCary works wonders with the film 's tone , creating a deliberate and thoughtful pace that makes the film equally dramatic and comedic .
But if the satire of bad children 's TV is exquisitely sharp , `` Brigsby Bear '' is a much sweeter and sunnier film than one might see coming .
This is a heartfelt and colourful antidote to popcorn-cinema fatigue .
Director Dave McCary maintains a suitably goofy tone and inspired casting makes for a pleasantly uneven experience .
Brigsby Bear is a testament to both world-creators and their fans , a feat that one has to look no further than Comic-Con to understand is easier said than done .
Every scene is packed with witty touches that are both funny and meaningful . And the story 's message is powerful without ever being pushy .
... little of it makes tonal sense .
It 's funny , sweet and a tiny bit odd .
Cleverer and more fun than it sounds .
Eventually , its attitude becomes more indulgent , and we 're faced with one of those irritating indies that go easy on manchild whimsicality .
This is n't the first quirky indie film to extol the virtues of quirky indie-film-making but it manages to be sweet , surprising and consistently amusing .
Where the film best succeeds is in creating a credible character who has been insulated from the world he now finds himself flung into .
It 's not on a par with The Truman Show , which in some ways it resembles , though actually for me it sparked stronger memories of a long-ago U.S. sitcom , Mork And Mindy . That 's no disgrace , either .
A fey , low-key charmer where you have to take an awful lot at face value .
A sweet , albeit overly quirky , film about the power of imagination , the importance of following your dreams and the need to connect with the real world once in a while .
Against the odds , Brigsby never descends into cynicism .
For all the film 's celebration of imagination as a tool for escape , the trajectory it follows is too uninspired .
An outlandish high concept is a recipe for hope and humour in a film that bears viewing more than once .
A film about a cult that might well attract a cult following itself . But it 's only moderately successful , with the early scenes hinting at a bolder , more satisfying tale that could have been .
As the film unwinds to a sentimental anticlimax , its potential is unfulfilled .
As a film , Brigsby Bear is as lovable as the title character himself .
Brigsby Bear begins as a dark , quirky comedy and ends with an unexpected , lingering emotional punch .
It 's often charming to watch James stumble through his new life with the glee of Jake Gyllenhaal as Jimmy Livingston in Bubble Boy .
Brigsby Bear is a comedy full of heart and one of the rare comedy highlights this summer .
By not pushing the worrying psychological limits , Dave McCary 's film pulls off a tidy switch where the past 's painful failings are supplanted by the future 's creative endeavours .
Whatever sweet sense of comedic spirit the filmmakers were going for gets completely drowned out by the serious undertones morphing into overtones .
Brimming with humour and heart , innocent without being naive , and celebrating the joy of creativity ...
The film is in some ways an ode to the power of popular culture and the ways in which a very ordinary TV show -LRB- or pop song , or film -RRB- can worm its way into our subconsciousness .
This is a sweet , full-hearted , resolutely crowd-pleasing and utterly likeable film .
An odd and oddly affecting rite of passage .
-LSB- Dave -RSB- McCary and his team have fun with the lo-fi aesthetics of the show within the film .
Brigsby Bear , directed by Dave McCary and co-written by Kevin Costello and star Kyle Mooney , arrives in time to save the idea of the ` fan ' from toxicity .
... the serenely strange world conjured by Brigsby Bear is as one-of-a-kind as it gets in 2017 .
... Brigsby Bear is a delightful oddity about one weird guy 's belated coming of age and the chintzy TV show that helps him grow up .
Dave McCary 's bizarre but endearing indy feature takes a potentially hideous tale of abduction and control and transforms it using the amazing healing powers of fantasy and creativity .
By turns funny , uplifting and a little queasy-making , the film sustains that tension for a while - before , ultimately , taking a too-predictable route .
Saturday Night Live regular Mooney , who has a twinkly mischievousness and comic timing reminiscent of a young Gene Wilder , plays James as naive , but never stupid .
On the surface , Brigsby Bear will seem somewhat removed from the reality we might imagine from such serious subject matter . But that distance gives the narrative and its characters life .
... Brigsby Bear is an empty exercise , a twee celebration of immaturity ...
This odd mix of domestic drama and quirky coming-of-age comedy is a charming tribute to nostalgia , individuality and the power of imagination .
If you give it more than a moment 's thought , it seems to stand up for the infantilization of popular culture , a movement that hardly needs any encouragement .
Sincerely sweet , this quirky comedic drama is poignant and life-affirming .
`` Brigsby Bear '' is a funny , oddly touching look at the pros and cons of millennials ' tendency to obsess over pop culture .
The movie 's rewards are many , and its unforced sweetness disarms all misgivings .
An oddball endeavor that does n't entirely work ...
The movie-making segments quickly become reminiscent of `` Be Kind Rewind '' while managing to entertain more than Michael Gondry 's ambitious 2008 dud actually did .
Brigsby Bear is great . It 's beautiful and hilarious and it has something fundamentally compelling to say about how we tell stories . Even if those stories are , yes , about dumb-looking bears .
The film is by turns absurd , sarcastic , cute , sentimental and finally just a little stupid . It 's easy to see what the filmmakers had in mind here . It 's too bad they missed that mark by a mile .
`` Brigsby Bear '' is the kind of movie Kyle Mooney would make fun of on `` Saturday Night Live . ''
Brigsby Bear is whimsical , sweet and ambitious .
... director Dave McCary , working from a screenplay by Mooney and Kevin Costello , displays a light , sensitive touch that eschews ridicule , even as it examines the role fantasy plays in keeping James going .
There 's a sweet innocence to James that makes the comedy feel more human than the outrageous premise would suggest . It helps make `` Brigsby Bear '' a triumphant celebration of the outsider in all of us .
Its humor is offbeat , but hits more than it misses .
When the credits roll , it 's nearly impossible not to be smiling .
Those who like things sentimental and sweet - and there 's nothing wrong with that - will find comfort in the notion of leaving the past behind to allow the future to go forward .
What could have felt like a quirky throwaway sketch padded out into a feature is instead an oddly moving piece of genuine filmmaking .
-LRB- ` Brigsby Bear ' -RRB- is a gentle and kindhearted movie that will embrace you like a good-night lullaby .
Too slight to add up to much
That their tale is told with a disarming gentleness and eerie goodwill , only adds to the creepiness they expose lurking in the consumer-friendly mind control that 's children 's TV .
It displays an originality that definitely makes it stand out .
A movie about storytelling that succeeds by keeping its focus on the storyteller .
Surprisingly bearable , given its premise . It 's `` Room '' as a comedy , and I thought `` Room '' was a comedy .
This dramedy from several SNL veterans has a pretty strong case of the cutes , and it does n't always connect , but at the same time it 's genuinely imaginative and sweetly likable .
... a fairly excruciating way to spend an evening .
An excessively precious , quirky little indie comedy with a remarkably sentimental streak .
Despite its lofty aim and a cast including Greg Kinnear , Claire Danes and Mark Hamill , sugary-sweet `` Brigsby Bear '' feels as if it was made by and for well-meaning lightweights .
The approach can be a reach , but on the whole it works better than you might guess .
`` Brigsby Bear '' is charming , sweet , creative , different and disturbing .
`` Quirky '' is a word I bandied with while thinking about `` Brigsby '' but , I think , `` Eccentric '' suits it better .
Mooney 's performance is astute - he plays James ' estrangement and confusion straight , without so much as a wink . If he 's aware of the camera , he shows no sign .
Brigsby Bear can be accused of a lot of things , but lack of ambition is n't among them .
At its most unbearable -LSB- it -RSB- comes across as almost the platonic ideal of a Sundance `` indie , '' toppling with riffs and notions that do n't wholly play out , with central characters whose actions manage to be at once grotesque and milquetoast .
What a strange and lovely road we travel with Brigsby Bear .
For some , Brigsby Bear might feel saccharine or sentimental , but it is a worthwhile antidote to the cynicism that we often apply to Hollywood franchises .
Crucially , the film respects its characters and does n't let indie eccentricity upstage underlying humanity .
An oddball charmer of a motion picture about nostalgia , the pursuit of artistic passion and a coming of age bizarrely delayed and uniquely fulfilled .
An almost unbearably twee story about pursuing a dream .
-LSB- I -RSB- t tries to turn something absurd and satirical into something with a sincere message about overcoming trauma . It does n't work .
Off-kilter , idiosyncratic , and startlingly moving , Brigsby Bear speaks to a generation of young people who find friendship with others who share their unconventional obsessions .
With pedestrian direction provided by SNL veteran Dave McCary , Mooney and company drop the ball just when they decide to ground James in the world he left behind .
`` A movie for people who felt Room was n't upbeat or quirky enough . ''
A serious contender for the best film of 2017 , the only way to watch Dave McCary 's Brigsby Bear is the way it was made : with a completely open heart .
`` Brigsby '' never ventures into the caustic simply for the sake of comedy . These days , that 's refreshing . There are n't many movies that value sweetness over cynicism .
You just have to accept the darkness behind it as part of the package . Go see Brigsby Bear .
Brigsby Bear is really just a story about how people relate to the entertainment that helped raised them-and how simultaneously pure and destructive that relationship can be .
A weird little charmer .
It 's imaginative and even brilliant at times , and then it starts to cave in . But then we think no , maybe not , maybe everything 's going to be made right ... until it collapses completely .
Kinnear 's gentle detective scratching his acting bug is far and away the most interesting element of `` Brigsby Bear , '' a movie that embraces the childhood compulsion to put on a show .
Brigsby Bear lacks the maturity to portray its subject matter with the depth it requires .
A poignant character portrait capable of catapulting Kyle Mooney from SNL support player to bona fide matinee idol !
Mooney is the main reason to see Brigsby Bear , the sort of indie dramedy that wears its on-the-spectrum quirk on its sleeve .
It often feels as if Brigsby Bear has such an ` unusual ' concept that the creators were then scared to lean into it , making everything about its delivery feel like it 's designed to soften the sharp edges and lighten its darker tones .
feels like a missed opportunity
Mooney and his pals have created a love letter to nostalgia . Do n't dismiss this unorthodox ode to cartoons of old -- it 's a treasure .
`` Brigsby Bear '' crushes the big blockbusters for entertainment value and for eliciting real human emotions .
Brigsby Bear is so committed to its brand of self-congratulatory uplift that the filmmakers refuse to contemplate any of their material 's darker aspects .
The film does have jokes , but Mooney , channeling the spirit of Peter Sellers , delivers them all without even the slightest hint that he knows he 's joking .
Mostly it 's a sweet and sometimes delightful melancholic story of a lonely man saved by imagination and love .
Scrappy and modest though -LSB- the -RSB- movie may be , it all coheres beautifully , and with a sweetness that never feels faked .
A slight , handcrafted indie that 's sweet , skewed , and feels a bit like a skit stretched out to feature length .
A sweet-natured picture with an undercurrent of prickly energy .
Brigsby Bear offers a glimpse on what makes Mooney and his man-child persona work . There 's strength in embracing awkward , childlike wonder .
This movie is great , and far more fun to watch if you have no idea what it 's about . So if you 're already inclined to go , then you 're making the right choice . Go forth and enjoy .
Plays like a misbegotten validation of James ' , and its own target audience 's , Peter Pan complex .
McCary , Mooney and Costello are friends who like weird stuff , who made a movie about weird stuff , within which is the making of a movie about weird stuff , and how it can bring people together . That 's real enough of an equation for the filmmakers .
Brigsby Bear will inevitably be sold as an oh-so-random stoner cult movie , but what Mooney and McCary are getting at , with this nothing-if-not-original story of how mythologies shape us , is something uncomfortably real and of the moment .
Spunky yet maudlin , grim yet heartwarming , the movie ... is mainly a batch of hollow gestures .
Brigsby Bear has such a goofy sense of humor and affection for its premise that its uneven narrative is sometimes only as frustrating as a little static on an old VHS .
Brigsby Bear will surprise on several levels , including Mooney 's strong writing and acting display , the film 's intangible , transcendent tone and sheer originality .
It seems content at being just another Saturday Night Live short .
A refreshingly original take on a young man who is kidnapped by a couple wanting a child and who later lets loose with his creative urge .
Cute yet never cloying , heartfelt but not schmaltzy , and amusing without resorting to caricature ... It 's a big bear hug of a movie .
Brigsby Bear is a cockeyed valentine to creativity , obsession , healing and acceptance .
Brigsby Bear is the sort of festival film that other festival films dream of being . Certainly it 's quirky , but it 's informed by an unassailable sincerity at its heart that dares you to accept it .
A gentle and surprisingly light story touching on the nature of fandom .
Brigsby Bear is a film designed to please and entertain as it consciously refuses to explore the dark and contradictory side of the situation it portrays . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mooney denies this childlike fish-out-of-water any deeper layers of anxiety , dread , or anger . His trauma remains abstract .
Best not to think about it too hard and just go along for the ride while enjoying Mooney 's excellent comic timing and film 's loopier notions .
Heartfelt to the end , Brigsby cherishes a thought experiment on the blissful , solipsistic delusion any superfan occasionally harbors : `` Did somebody make this just for me ? ''
... Brigsby Bear is a smart and lovable film that deals with trauma in an endearing way .
A charming , surprisingly underplayed paean to pop-culture obsession .
Gonzo but surprisingly sweet . A major big-screen debut for Kyle Mooney .
The Lonely Island guys strike it big again with another comedy , but this time with a darker tone .
Brigsby Bear 's strongest asset -LRB- well , after the gobs of in-universe verbiage that come spilling from James ' mouth -RRB- is Kyle Mooney 's extraordinary performance .
Brigsby Bear offers a touching and daringly unconventional reminder of how no approach to filmmaking is inherently bad with the right mind at the helm .
Brigsby Bear will reaffirm your belief in the positive powers of imagination .
An endlessly surprising little charmer of a film that makes sincerity and sweetness into a cinematic virtue again .
It 's difficult not to get wrapped up in the childlike sweetness on display . The movie is incredibly funny and a little weird , but it 's always endearing .
While watching Room , if one wished there was more laughs to go with the trauma , Brigsby Bear is the film you 've been looking for .
The rare comedy-one of a very special sense of humor and a big heart-that has the ability to connect with anyone wondering what else is out there .
Settles for a weak trajectory that is n't good enough to be weird .
I could n't think of a more appropriate feature screenplay or leading role debut for Mooney than Brigsby Bear-an earnest salute to the weirdo in all of us .
Director Dave McCary , an SNL writer and segment director , zeroes in on the offbeat wavelength of Mooney and Costello 's script , which may be the most bizarrely funny thing to come out of Sundance since Napoleon Dynamite .
Rather than milking the outre premise for broad comedy , everyone involved strives to keep the characters and situations grounded and warm .

@highlight

Audiences attuned to Brigsby Bear 's strange frequency will be moved by its earnest -- and endearingly original -- approach to pop culture 's impact and the creative urge .