Do n't bet on Barrymore 's lackluster poker rom-com .
Curtis Hanson 's film concerns itself with wage-makers ' addictive pathological itch , desperate hustles and poker 's cult of very strange personalities . Its most striking `` Tin Cup '' kinship : Vindication and victory do n't always arrive together .
I do n't think I believed the movie Lucky You , but I sort of enjoyed it . A caveat : I enjoy watching poker on ESPN . If you do n't , this movie will bore you .
Hanson and Roth shuffle the two sides of the movie , the poker tournament and the love affair , with a Howard Hawksian feel for casual professionalism .
Since Lucky You overdid the poker cliches to death , let me end with one of my favorites : ` You got to know when to hold 'em , know when to fold 'em . ' It seems this film never learned that lesson .
Better to fold 'em than to spend time watching Eric Bana and Drew Barrymore go literally nowhere .
Personally , I think this is one of those misunderstood films that never got a fair shake . DVD often corrects such oversights , and my hope is that Lucky You will finally find the appreciative audience it deserves .
Lucky You undoes what Rounders did right .
... a well-intentioned romantic-gambling film that misses the mark by providing little we have n't seen before and better .
As soon as it has to face the real world , and deal with `` emotions , '' it goes completely slack .
... everything about the movie is a little out-of-it , and not just because it 's been lying on the studio shelf for a couple of years .
The end result is a movie that would have been better off eschewing its comedic aspirations in order to tell a serious story , which Hanson and Duvall have more than proven they 're capable of .
It 's a shame that Barrymore 's scenes are such a washout because the rest of the film is perfectly fine .
It is amazing how safe Hanson and company play it .
Gambling and love rarely mix .
Ca n't decide whether it 's a cautionary tale about gambling , a weepy father-son drama or a breezy rom-com .
Lucky You is a decent and often engaging character study that deserved more respect from critics and the studio than it received .
Below average , overlong drama that fails to deliver an emotional punch , largely because it 's unsure of whether it wants to be a father-son drama or a romcom .
Gambling drama never seems to draw the right cards . Best to fold ...
But Lucky You would be distinctly better if it were shorter in length and clearer about the rules of the game . Its idea that gamblers carry on much the same in life as they do at the tables is hardly original enough to sustain the whole film .
The beats here are n't bad , they 're just slow , slight and rather predictable .
As Kenny Rogers once said : `` It 's all about knowing when to hold 'em and knowing when to fold 'em '' . In poker terms this over-long flop is a busted flush .
Although Lucky You was made nearly two years ago , it seems Warner Brothers did n't quite know what to do with it , hence it being quietly slipped out in a quiet week between blockbusters . Maybe they hoped nobody would notice .
A frustrating case of good pedigree , bad form . Delayed time and again , this mish-mash of listless plotting , shallow characters and uninvolving action sadly was n't worth the wait . Poker fans are better off looking up The Cincinnati Kid or Rounders .
Gamble on the movie , by all means : it has its low-key pleasures . But perhaps safer to fold , and hope Hanson deals us an ace again soon .
In the past , poker-playing in the movies was likely to be something exciting but dangerous , not something to be dwelt on technically , and analogous to other criminal and self-destructive activities in the storyline .
Though Curtis Hanson captures the savage swings from high to low , he fails to when it comes to the addictive quality of poker
While fans of Eric Bana may get a kick out of his meaty , manly performance , Drew Barrymore is a huge mistake .
No way to make poker cinematic .
A ` realistic ' Vegas movie that will set no-one 's soul on fire , but is further proof that Hanson can lend his talents to any style of movie .
it 's always sad to drag a movie out to die opening against a mega-blockbuster , no matter how bad it really is
The cuts are obvious , the rhythms sluggish , and the dialogue redundant , as if the movie 's afraid you 've missed it the first time .
Lucky You is hardly Mr. Hanson 's strongest effort , but it does contain many of his saving graces : a warm regard for his characters , an unhurried pace for his narrative and a grown-up sense of morality .
a film that probably should have been held a bit longer , if not folded to DVD all together .
While the Las Vegas hold 'em tables provide the backdrop , this film revolves around human emotions .
An intelligent and confidently pokey throwback to the nonconformist-validating character dramas of the 1970s ...
Hanson 's usually sharp dialogue is rather blunted here , and the world of the film seems emotionless and remote .
An empty shell of a film , devoid of heart and soul , leaving us to wonder how in the world this movie ever got released .
In between hands , -LSB- Bana -RSB- speaks in inspirational poker platitudes that would make a fortune-cookie distributor blush .
In spite of being pitted against Spider-Man -- and after sitting for the past two years on Warner Brothers ' shelf -LRB- never a good sign -- the film is n't the disaster some might expect it to be .
... generally has the feel and tone of a low-key character study ...
... a mildly diverting throwback to star vehicles of the 1930s -LRB- it 's easy to picture the three leads played by Clark Gable , Jean Harlow and Lionel Barrymore -RRB- .
Feels like Showgirls without the tits or dancing .
The romance between Huck and Billie is n't credible ... Far better are the scenes between Huck and L.C. , and Hanson and Roth make sure to surround this pair with a wide array of interesting characters .
Meandering and endearing , Curtis Hanson 's loosey-goosey Las Vegas reworking of Sam Peckinpah 's Junior Bonner deserved a better deal .
It 's a ponderous , anemic bore about how to play poker that exploits the trendy gambling fever that is all the rage on the Internet and cable TV , but does n't have enough energy to keep the most catatonic tournament-poker addict awake .
They should have opened it opposite the upcoming Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End . That way maybe no one would have seen it .
I 'm exhausted that Hanson , a director I genuinely like and admire , has made it his mission to produce films that are career-autobiographical in that way .
It 's mostly entertaining ... but it 's a little long ... and is far from Hanson 's best film .
It 's just like standing around in Vegas watching other people play Texas Hold 'Em .
Hanson and co-writer Eric Roth 's screenplay is terribly dull and ambling , and does n't have enough energy to sustain itself even as a sub-cultural curio .
It 's a small film , but a rewarding one .
Most of Lucky You , starting with the title , is ordinary or outright awful . Moviemakers , it seems , can not bluff their way to success .
The Bellagio 's fountains give a more expressive performance than Bana .
If we do n't care about the characters or what they 're playing for , then we 've no reason to root for them .
Bana is unable to find any signs of life in his character , Barrymore has n't looked this adrift in years , and even Duvall is reduced to grimacing like Snidely Whiplash .
With undue emphasis placed on the cards instead of the characters , Lucky You is holding a losing hand by the time it reaches the river .
Duvall does wonders with his underwritten supporting part , bringing wit to the gaming table .
The best thing about the film is a sweet , slightly damaged performance by Drew Barrymore .
Rather tepid going ... the title obviously does n't refer to the viewer .
Unfortunately , the chemistry between Eric Bana and Drew Barrymore seems suprisingly bland in ` Lucky You . '
Even if you think you know where Lucky You is headed , there 's something pleasurable about watching it unfold .
Dispassionate and dull despite some strong performances , Lucky You just feels played out .
Lucky us : Curtis Hanson and veteran screenwriter Eric Roth 's cleverly constructed script ensures that gambling newbies do n't have to know a thing about Texas hold - 'em or seven-card stud to enjoy this romantic drama .
Made a couple of years ago , Curtis Hanson 's Oedipally fraught Vegas dud is only now being unceremoniously dumped for what will certainly be a heartbeat of theatrical life .
A solid , well-made , generally gripping and intelligent movie .
Movies , like poker , can result in some unexpected combinations . Who knew , for example , that the director of L.A. Confidential and the screenwriter of The Insider and Munich , working together , would add up to a losing hand ?
The film is in no way a disaster : it has enjoyable moments and scenes that sparkle with the verve and professionalism of director Hanson .
At 2 hours and 15 minutes , Lucky You does play a bit long . It 's probably about two hours longer than it needs to be .
Unfortunately , somebody seems to have had the idea that Lucky You should be a long movie -- that way , we might take it more seriously , perhaps .
Filmgoers expecting a Cincinnati Kid for a new age may be disappointed , for despite its card-game setting , Lucky You is mostly about a guy who we 'd like to see win away from the casinos .
Normally appealing actors Eric Bana and Drew Barrymore generate zero sparks as the unlikely couple , whose low-wattage romance apparently bores Hanson as much as it does the viewer , for he devotes far more screen time to poker than their relationship .
Best known for L.A. Confidential and 8 Mile , Hanson is an accomplished filmmaker . But you would n't know it from this unfocused movie that shows us cardsharps of an unusually dull variety .
The movie feels wrong from the get-go , as director Curtis Hanson fumbles to get a fix on Bana 's character , a chronic problem in Lucky You , and a big one , as the movie is a character study .
The whole house of cards collapses into an agreeable sort of predictability .
If anyone could take a movie about a bunch of jerks who play poker and make it interesting , it should be Curtis Hanson . Or rather , it should have been .
It 's a weak hand from the filmmaker ; not a colossal failure , just a dreary mediocrity .
Even though Lucky You is sometimes dull and generally thin , there is something winning about the movie 's genial lack of ambition .
Staying home and playing solitaire would be two levels more interesting than watching this movie , which is directed , or rather embalmed , by L.A. Confidential man Curtis Hanson .
Lucky You is in the mold of The Hustler and The Cincinnati Kid . But while there is conflict , there is no tension , and while there is plenty of gamesmanship , there is no suspense .
Lucky You is a penny-ante movie about high-stakes Las Vegas poker . It 's a tepid and flavorless effort despite a notable cast and a generally strong director .
It 's when the movie veers away from the green felt that Lucky You slows interminably , and you 're left wishing that the characters would just shuffle up and deal .
-LSB- Curtis -RSB- Hanson has had a string of fine films , including Wonder Boys , L.A. Confidential and 8 Mile , but Lucky You feels as if it could have been made by anyone .
Another boring poker movie , enlivened by Robert Duvall but not by an unconvincing love story .
You can bet on a happy ending in Lucky You , a mildly entertaining spin through the world of professional card players in Vegas .
In the end , Lucky You lays out poker as a sterile corporate undertaking . For lovers of the game and lovers of the cinema , it 's far from a safe bet .
From the opening scene , the movie is flatter than week-old beer .
Should you ante up ? Nah , save your chips for a more exciting game .
The deal was wrong right from the beginning on Lucky You .
While Lucky You may not stand in the august company of Hanson movies like L.A. Confidential , 8 Mile and the unfairly overlooked In Her Shoes , it is a lot more entertaining than its well-played premise might initially seem .
If anything , there 's too much focus here on the games and not enough on the central romance and characters , which undercuts both .
We get lots of high-stakes poker and too much pulseless drama in Lucky You , the latest movie to wander through the casinos of Las Vegas .
Lucky You lingers at the poker tables , then races through the romance .
Lucky You is a curiously ordinary and uninvolving tale from the filmmaker behind such insightful character pieces as Wonder Boys and L.A. Confidential .
A solid piece of mainstream storytelling that works as a character study and a love story , even if you do n't know a gut-shot straight draw from a nut flush .
Like The Hustler , this absorbing Las Vegas story about a professional poker player -LRB- Eric Bana -RRB- uses gambling to tell a tale of moral regeneration .
Lucky You is long , utterly predictable and always bland .
Lucky You is drowsy and unsure of itself , bad news if you 're a poker player or a movie .
A mixed-up romantic sports comedy of sorts set in the Vegas poker world .
When a deck of cards trumps plot and character development , the film is bound to fold .
Lucky You is like the old joke about the classified ad : ` LOST DOG . Three legs . Blind in one eye . Missing half his tail . Recently neutered . Answers to Lucky ' .
This movie has so little to it that you begin to understand why they packed it with so much poker : They had to put something on the screen . But even die-hard Hold 'em fans will leave wishing for more .
The film forced me to wring my hands in frustration , moments of pure cinematic pleasure contrasted with sequences so unbearable I almost do n't know what to say .
This is a thoroughly enjoyable film that I hated to see end .
Bana makes it work , combining an intensity bordering on obsession with an engaging charm .
You got ta know when to hold 'em and know when to fold 'em -- in this movie , the wise viewer will toss in his cards as soon as Robert Downey Jr. 's scene is over .
Poker is still waiting for its defining moment in the cinematic spotlight .
Curtis Hanson 's movies are always better than they look ; in his hands , the most wretched sow 's ears become silk purses .
Lucky You had enough charm and positivity to keep me in the game but as I walked away I felt the unusually hollow feel of having broken even on the whole experience .
make sure the other people in the audience do n't hear you snoring through the movie 's 5 million poker playing scenes . By the fifth All In , I wanted All Out .
Hanson digs into the pain of losing , the shame of defeat , and the fingers-through-hair lust for the next potential win .
a decent movie with good performances and a hopelessly saccharine script
Too much about obstacles , not enough about people , and has one scene too many featuring hired goons . To clarify , one scene with hired goons is one too many in something like this .
Despite being full of platitudes and aphorisms and neat , tidy dialogue that sounds like it 's summing up the themes , it 's STILL not clear what the movie 's point is .
Curiously lifeless , Lucky You feels like poker without stakes ; it goes through the motions with nothing to play for .
There is a good motion picture hiding somewhere beneath the surface of Lucky You , but it has n't found its way to the screen .
Even though the film features high-wire high rollers and culminates in a championship showdown , at its best it 's refreshingly offhanded . It 's a hit-and-miss movie that 's worth seeing for the hits .
Bana is fascinating to watch here ... even his poker face roils with undercurrents of tension and smugness that play off one another in a beautiful ugly way .
A wise , lived-in three-hander with nothing much to claim for itself except a pair of pocket-ace performances and the kind of silver-tongued fast-talk that has n't been much heard in these parts since Billy Wilder and Ben Hecht hung up their hats .
When you reach the 90-minute mark in Lucky You , it may occur to you that nothing has happened except a couple meaningless games of poker and a semi-romance between two people who are n't suited for each other .
By all rights , this should be terrible -- but it 's not . It 's simply mediocre .
Robert Duvall , Eric Bana and Drew Barrymore all give persuasive performances that add up to a royal flush .
Lucky You is n't Hanson 's best movie but it 's a respectable effort and deserves more of a chance to be seen than the one it 's getting .
An impressive-looking but aimless bluffer , tossing down more angles than it 's able to carry through . It does n't go downhill as much as it staggers and wanders along a craggy slope .
Even newbies to the game can appreciate the reminder that you got ta know when to hold 'em and know when to fold 'em .
... introduces us to a fascinating world and then turns away from it in favor of a drearily generic romance . It 's like taking a kid to the zoo and only looking at sparrows .
Lucky you , I 've run out of topical analogies for now , except for this : A decent movie just was n't in the cards .
Not quite a Big Slick , but a pleasant , witty enough little flick with an engaging protagonist .
If watching endless reruns of the World Championship of Poker is your idea of a hot weekend , there 's finally a movie for you and your sad life .
Lucky You makes the career of a pro poker player seem simultaneously alluring and pathetic ; funny and grim ; romantic and depressing .
An hour-and-a-half story stretched to over two hours while feeling like it 's three .
It 's dull , dull , dull .
After several delayed release dates , Warner Bros. finally lays down its cards with Lucky You , and it 's a weak hand .
At least none of it is played incessantly cute or insidiously sinister , though some kind of passion might have been preferable to the movie 's dispassionate tone .
Neither exciting as a poker-game film nor compelling as a Vegas romantic melodrama , Hanson 's latest effort is a major disappointment , a dull psychologistic saga that even its charming ensemble -LRB- Bana , Barrymore , Duvall -RRB- ca n't breathe life into it .
Along with Spider-Man 3 's Kirsten Dunst , Barrymore will form one powerful cog of this weekend 's Cinematic Caterwauling Craptacular . Yes , it 's an exciting time to be an American .
Barrymore finds love with a degenerate gambler and proves she can not act . Easily ruins the movie with no chemistry with Bana .






@highlight

Lucky You tries to combine a romantic story with the high-stakes world of poker , but comes up with an empty hand .