Long live the baby monsters .
A docudrama with the production qualities of a made-for-MTV movie about a band that recorded one album and never finished a gig and whose lead singer was a fascist poseur .
In sure hands , What We Do Is Secret could have been a fine rock 'n' roll biopic .
West is magnetic trying to fill the gaps in the pop psychology insight into how the Germs ' brief candle burned out so fast , with performances , `` interviews '' and flashbacks .
Despite its thorough attention to historical detail and the obvious love of all involved for their shattered subject , What We Do Is Secret is , in the end , awfully sterile for a movie about the Germs .
While What We Do Is Secret may not be remembered for much more than West 's performance , it 's an impersonation worth saluting .
The final scenes of Secret are its best and , ironically , the original Germs ' final moments were said to be their best , too .
The battering live shows prove West 's dedication to the role , but as always there 's too little insight into both music and musicians and too much period design
The faux interview preserves Darby Crash 's self-image , the reenactment in What We Do Is Secret remembers the preservation .
Grossman 's movie never delves much below the surface .
Some of the supporting performances , like those of Phillips and Gonzalez , are very strong , but it 's West who lifts the entire film to a whole other level .
It 's a shame to see such vibrant material treated in such a routine , nostalgic manner , but the energy of the material and especially of the Germs music occasionally rescues the movie from its unimpressive , superficial stretches .
High School Musical with needles and dye jobs .
Despite a terrific performance from Shane West , who bears an uncanny resemblance to Crash , Secret is a chronology , not a biopic .
First-time writer-director Rodger Grossman bangs out a visceral , energized biopic that captures the vibrant idiocy of punked-out youth and a tortured soul gaining his wish of cult status .
A labor of love for writer-director Rodger Grossman , this entertaining if superficial biopic chronicles the rise and fall of LA punk pioneers the Germs .
In the end , if you were n't already a believer , you 're not going to leave with any kind of appreciation for the band 's art .
Where What We Do Is Secret succeeds is in the performances which -LRB- and this a compliment , I think -RRB- sometimes expose a stilted , amateurish strain that 's oddly in tune with the characters ' D.I.Y. aesthetic .
The best parts of Secret recall Sid and Nancy . The worst evoke the last , inferior A Star Is Born .
West does an earnest job , but that 's the problem : He never conjures Crash 's psychotic danger . Neither does this eager , flawed , scrappy biopic .
The hyperactive emotional landscape begs for psychological insights and cultural revelations that were tied to that historical musical moment .
How ironic that a biopic about charismatic punk legend Darby Crash -- lead singer of the Germs in the late '70s -- would be so unmemorably bland .
An unsatisfying biopic of the Germs , the seminal LA punkers led by Darby Crash .
For all the explanation , the main problem with What We Do Is Secret is that -LSB- director -RSB- Grossman fails to adequately convey why The Germs mattered so much .
The reasons behind Crash 's death might be the most relevant lesson to be learned from the Germs story , and one can only dream of what a filmmaker like Gus Van Sant might have made from the material .
A low-budget but stylish recreation of the brief life and times of a pioneering LA punk band , What We Do Is Secret is fast and funny enough to make you overlook the fact that you 've seen variants of this story before .
A thinly dramatized slice of music history better suited for broadcast on an MTV offshoot than cinematic release .
A classic example of a biopic not understanding why its subject matters .
More amusing than tragic in its depiction of the band 's infantile behavior .
The film 's faux-documentary style is a distraction , but it fades in and out . Secret is most compelling when the people and places of L.A. tell this tragic but somehow still ebullient story .
Feels distressingly familiar and never quite manages to elevate the material with the sufficient drama to make it of interest to those not already passionate about the subject matter .
Striving to become the definitive word on an explosion of raw musical and philosophical energy , Secret is mostly about lukewarm actors playing dress up , walking around in punk heritage boots they ca n't stand up straight in .
Some non-fans may find here a social document , but most should beware of a high-decibel obscenity assault on the ears -- precisely what that shock rock movement wanted .
What We Do Is Secret is totally hermetic : With a crack crew of set dressers , the entire thing could 've been shot in a studio apartment . The London of Crash 's fashion-finding trip is identified by putting West in a red UK telephone box .
With all his devotion to getting the story right -- and that 's a worthy goal , do n't get me wrong -- Grossman never captures the insanity and terror , or for that matter the seductive allure , of nihilist L.A. punk in its early years .
Not nearly as dramatic or visually captivating as last year 's Control ... it does offer an interesting piece of the puzzle from the L.A. hardcore scene that has n't been explored .
The amateur vibe suits the subject matter , and the young cast rises to the challenge .
Infused with ragged unpredictability , What We Do Is Secret 's wild concerts are its high points .
The movie does little to elucidate the experiences and suicidal personality of a singer who was more of a poseur than a musician .
What We Do Is Secret should be kept as anything but a secret .
A highly personal take on the ins and outs of creating and maintaining a band .
Hits quick , hits hard and never lets go .





@highlight

Despite its dynamic subject and reckless anti-glamor , this biopic about the legendary punk rocker Darby Crash fails to translate the excitement its subject generated .