There are far too many times when the story simply looses its footing and falls into another tedious direction , leaving some angles completely dangling .
The longer the film goes on , the clunkier , sillier , and more preposterous it becomes . Expect your eyes to roll .
I Origins tries desperately to imbue a deeper metaphysical meaning with its narrative , but the alignment of all its concepts come off as disjointed and pretentious .
As of yet , we have no science on reincarnation , but the science fiction is definitely getting warmer .
Sceptical scientist Michael Pitt falls in love with spacey new age model Astrid Bergès-Frisbey , attracted by her dazzling dichromatic eyes -LSB- and -RSB- the tussle between rationalism and mysticism takes turns that are both unexpected and thought provoking .
When it shifts away from the relationship , it really starts to feel forced . You can feel Cahill 's hand leading you down the path toward another `` discovery , '' and you can only hope the end will justify the means . Put simply , it does n't .
Shame then that it lets itself down with some iffy dialogue and a slightly anticlimactic ending .
Though not every element of the grander mystery story works , there 's plenty here to keep you thinking .
Arresting , ambitious and a bit of an acquired taste , Cahill 's extraordinary second feature bursts with big , bold ideas .
Gradually mutates into a debate about the singularity of the soul , the spectre of reincarnation rearing its unexpected head under laboratory conditions .
Unapologetically soulful stuff , almost provocative in its lack of irony .
Some intriguing ideas lurk within writer-director Mike Cahill 's screenplay , but he would have to be a Stanley Kubrick or a Jonathan Glazer to do justice to them .
An unusual , science-based metaphysical thriller that manages to be both provocative and romantic .
It 's the wily blending of opposing concepts - science vs faith ; chance vs destiny ; mortality vs spirituality - that gives considerable intellectual muscle to an unusual mix of mystery and love story .
One laugh , courtesy of Pitt 's intellect-signifying dicky bow ; the rest is arrant , po-faced nonsense .
A cleverly constructed story of intellectual weight and genuine intrigue .
A mad-eyed exploration into modern optometry is Mike Cahill 's ambitious , if flawed , follow-up to 2011 's Another Earth .
Cahill 's second feature film is another smart , inventive and engaging offering .
I Origins addresses its subject with the kind of bright-eyed earnestness normally seen only in spaniels and MA students .
A creative , visually gratifying experience - but requires a suspension of disbelief given the contrivance in the narrative .
It 's the work of intelligent filmmakers with a welcome willingness to shoot for the big questions of life , the universe and everything .
Contrived and pretentious from title card to end credits .
It 's not just the production elements that enthral . This metaphysical thriller is also truly thought provoking and ideologically challenging .
While conceptually I Origins is no more absurd than Upstream Colour , it offers a lot less to chew on , depending on its stars to supply what credibility they can .
What develops inside this Petri dish is a pretentious and fatally self-conscious piece of work -- the most wearying example to date of a new subgenre we might label ` Sundance Science Fiction . '
Part sci-fi , part romance , and most of all a wholly engrossing drama of emotions .
A worthy , thought-provoking follow-up to Another Earth , in which fact and faith square off with increasing complexity and consequences .
Cahill spends the entire film bringing a sense of wonder to the desperately rational Ian , and if the film takes on a glow toward the end , that glow feels well-earned .
The movie 's musings are disingenuous at best and infuriating at worst , delivered with a hollow solemnity that the flowery story never warrants .
While some moments are magical , others just do n't quite click .
A brainy intersection of science and faith , it 's a movie that asks big questions . It 's also , however , frustratingly short on any real answers .
Humanistic sci-fi from director Mike Cahill , insofar as it sympathizes with the human longings for both understanding and transcendent mystery .
If I Origins ends up a slog , it 's at least occasionally lovely to look at .
`` I Origins '' will divide audiences without multiplying them .
I Origins challenges too little and ties up things too neatly for it to register as anything more than well-made , well-intentioned hogwash .
Big ideas can sometimes lead to great motion pictures or , as in the case of I Origins , colossal misfires .
A decent film based on a pretty dopey idea , it enchants by leaving you to wonder if all the discursive elements are eventually going to add up to something .
I Origins blushes with swirls of sensory extravagance , of emotional extremes , of drenching passions and bathetic loss ... somber , bruised , hopeful ... exhilarating .
With a slew of seemingly random clues unraveling in the pursuit of scientific mystery , Origins becomes gut-punching marvel .
It 's nice to see a cerebral film in which the science is n't tossed off , yet like its characters , it 's ultimately too idealistic and sacrifices common sense to prove itself .
The movie 's predictable , but in a kind of brainy and semi-involving way ...
Although the film and the actors keep on looking good , this solemn , soppy , fantasy has nothing to say about science or faith .
A solid date movie for science geeks and philosophy freaks alike .
... increasingly absorbing ...
Cahill is one of the most talented filmmakers to emerge in the last decade . His sophomore feature may disappoint , but it 's clear he has much more to say .
This is how reductive the debate -LSB- about science and religion -RSB- has become , and I Origins buys into that insulting simplicity while feigning to be above it .
The very idea of a dishy man of science being bowled over by the mysteries of the soul is quite irresistible , and Pitt and Marling really sell the plot 's implausible twists .
This is a beautifully crafted story that takes us on quite the journey of exploration and discovery .
The film does n't rush to solve the mystery of whether Ian the skeptic is discovering a new realm of spiritual activity or merely grasping at coincidence and magical thinking .
Makes a too obvious attempt to repeat -LSB- Cahill 's -RSB- previous effort , wanting to be spooky and ending up soggy .
`` I Origins '' slows down the longer it goes on , and the last half hour drifts into vagueness . The climax is dramatically inert and depends on the soundtrack to convince us that it 's actually happening .
The film ends with an ambiguous , yet powerful conclusion . It does n't answer the question it raises , yet the way it 's asked keeps it echoing in your head .
How much you enjoy `` I Origins '' may well depend on whether you think lines like `` Maybe the eye really is a window to the soul '' are cliched .
Despite the post-doctoral double-talk in `` I Origins , '' the movie 's faith remains in the mysteries of the cosmos , and it all starts to feel a little wet .
Captivating , suspenseful and thought-provoking .
The cinematography by Markus Forderer is dreamy and memorable , even if the science in I Origins feels a tad half baked , even to the unschooled .
This is a movie that strives for profound statements and eye-opening revelations , but it often crosses that delicate line into obviousness and the kind of narrative hokum that no respectable scientist would accept as truth .
Empiricists only need apply if they have a thing for lovely gamines who speak in foreign-accented English -LRB- and who does n't ? -RRB- , as well as a tolerance for blatantly metaphorical film titles .
Cahill clearly feels the mystery of the life experience , and he wants to explore the spiritual implications of consciousness . But he 's too analytical to surrender entirely to abstracts and human fable .
Mike Cahill 's movies are categorized as science fiction , but the scientific elements in them are subsidiary to his characters and , more importantly , his metaphysical concerns .
`` I Origins '' has the genetic markers of a formulaic supernatural thriller , and it 's marred by some muddy metaphysics and fuzzy science , but the beauty is in the details .
The overly hypothetical , weakly ambiguous I Origins gets tangled in scientific gobbledygook from which it never escapes , with no actual implications about identity .
There 's no doubt it wants to be clever and deep . Unhappily , it 's actually rather goofy .
Parts of this romantic science fiction story are undeniably interesting . Others require a strong suspension of disbelief and even then I was scratching my head .
Smart , cerebral sci-fi . The perfect antidote to a mediocre summer of tentpoles .
... I Origins will give you many reasons to hate its guts -LRB- hipster scientists , anyone ? -RRB- .
Filmmaker Mike Cahill deals with serious subjects , science and spirituality , in an entertaining way in his latest ` I , Origins . '
Packed with enough big ideas about science and religion , about life and death , and about love to fill a lifetime -- or more .
Writer-director Mike Cahill , who can be a bit too fancy with the camera , delivers a lot of deep-dish philosophizing with a minimum of cant .
There are occasional flashes of the exceptional , but the film 's dodgy story ca n't sustain them .
I Origins suggests that Cahill 's sympathies are firmly on the side of the sillies . He 's a talented storyteller , so it 's a loss .
A dairy farm run by a family named ... Dairy ?
Anyone who has known love can attest to its ability to forever alter a charted course and Cahill 's emotionally raw approach to filmmaking gets to the truth of that in a memorable way .
It may blow your mind , but only if you 're not in the habit of using it .
`` I Origins '' has a pleasing way of working expansive ideas into a suspenseful , twisting story line , even if it occasionally has to wrench the story around tight turns .
If the film 's plot is loonier than a mainstream movie would dare , the essential trajectory is one of Hollywood 's favorites : from skepticism to faith .
Sets up a dialectic between reason and faith and argues it insistently , with eye-rolling earnestness .
... a bunch of mumbo jumbo parading as deep thought , a concept in search of a movie .
`` I Origins '' ... earns its creepy stripes in a memorable way , making us feel uneasy about what the characters are doing .
A smart , savvy film that forces you to think .
Cahill 's script says all scientists are romantics at heart , then bears that out through a floaty story that 's simultaneously about the mechanics of a huge discovery and the feelings it stirs .
A spiritual movie about the eyes , science , reincarnation , and the great mysteries of life .
I Origins is an exercise in supreme obviousness , beginning -LRB- but not ending -RRB- with its double entendre of a title .
As the movie travels from New York to Idaho to India , nimbly slinging itself over gaps in likelihood and logic , it works its own sort of magic .
Smart , romantic and thought provoking
Even in high school , thinking of plots as puzzles is a pretty facile way to think about films , and as such the pleasures of I Origins remain strictly superficial .
Refreshing and in other ways deeply frustrating .
... I Origins is little more than a deeply felt but confused curiosity .
It treats its characters as placeholders for philosophical arguments and spends the majority of its running time trying to `` solve '' existential mysteries without adequately exploring them .
Imaginative sci-fi tale with a metaphysical dimension .
Laughably explores science and faith .
Through the lens of science , Cahill and Marling explore the idea that something unexplainable and greater than all of us is out there .
I Origins is bigger , bolder , and altogether more intellectually ambitious than Cahill 's debut .
Despite his free and easy camerawork , which generates some lovely moments between Ian and Sofi , Cahill 's narrative jolts along in fits and starts .
... I Origins is the fully-formed expression of all of -LSB- Mike -RSB- Cahill 's ambitious ideas . It also cements him as the real deal ; a filmmaker who will hopefully continue to take us to places full of mystery , wonder and awe .
Lighter and looser than Another Earth , but the script still strains .
I Origins is a semi-bizarre mix of sci-fi , parable and romantic drama that , while frequently engaging , never really holds together .
Persuasive sci-fi tech talk , soulful romance and an earnest stab at metaphysics combine in director Mike Cahill 's polished second feature .
Half-assed storytelling and dull performances
The film amounts to a lousy sort of magic show , schematically pulling strings to prove its own points .
A bold , original and exceptionally fine second feature from former Sundance award-winner Mike Cahill .
This sci-fi romantic drama is consistently engaging and unpredictable , growing in emotional impact as its mysteries start to slowly assert themselves .

@highlight

Writer-director Mike Cahill remains an intriguingly ambitious talent , but with the uneven sci-fi drama I Origins , his reach exceeds his grasp .