A cruel , ruthless portrait and per the serious threats received by the author of the homonymous book ... true . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's been a while since I first saw this brutal slice of social realism in Cannes . And it left an indelible impression , if not an urgent desire to see it again .
... Matteo Garrone 's Gomorrah grabs you with a strong sense of visual expressiveness and never ceases to let go ...
The Camorra grinds up the lives it touches , including those who take the gangsters as their role models for success .
`` Gomorrah '' soberly shows the low-life thugs for what they really are , resisting the convention of casting them as anti-heroes in Scorsese or Tarantino land .
The camera 's performance , like that of the actors , keeps growing in scale and expressivity , even as life gets worse and worse .
This might be one of those movies that are more fun to praise than they actually are to watch .
Matteo Garrone does n't so much reinvent the gangster genre as much as he reimagines it , taking all the usual trimmings and turning them inside out .
A thrillingly bleak crime pic .
It is a full and frank indictment of a system that has not just failed but utterly decayed and is breeding more and more criminals .
Thug-life fantasies here provide lures into ruthlessly complex realities and rigmaroles - slamming characters ' faces into the rug before it 's pulled from beneath them . The notion that anybody could be a don dies in a blaze of energy , rage and ambition .
Despite its disjointed structure , Gomorrah comes to a narrative convergence without ever actually having to bring its stories together . Each climaxes independently , yet it all feels like one piece .
By fashioning its stories to get in as much impact as possible , mostly from the stark ugliness of their realities and their bold endings , the movie achieves a satisfying level of effectiveness .
Probably the most authentic and unsentimental mafia movie ever to come out of Italy .
Check that omerta b.s. at the door . This is all about the bottom line .
Un film à la fois lourd , tragique et hautement instructif figurant assurément parmi les plus marquants à avoir été réalisés sur le sujet .
Dicen mucho más sobre la Camorra las leyendas finales del film que las dos horas y pico que les precedieron .
The result , while admirable , is curiously flat and unengaging .
It is a challenging approach , and while there is suspense and action -LRB- including a spectacular car crash -RRB- , there is frustration as a result of the regular cutting from one story to another .
We do n't get to know the characters , exactly , but we experience something more interesting : we are brought into disconcerting , almost documentary proximity with the lives they lead and the worlds they inhabit .
Could Gomorrah and Il Divo signal the return of Italian political cinema ? Here 's hoping .
It 's a challenging approach , and while there are some terrific moments within the film , as well as suspense and action -LRB- including a spectacularly staged car crash -RRB- , there 's also frustration as a result of the regular cutting from one story to another .
The portrait it paints of this society in the grip of this tawdry but immensely powerful and rich organization is scary indeed .
Gomorrha transcends its medium and evidences humanity at its most despicable , and rates as an unconventional and unmissable instant classic .
The film 's power in capturing some of the seemingly banal moments of everyday life punctuate with bang-bang fervor the human loss that accumulates later .
The sinewy production could almost pass for documentary % u2013 if only doco makers could get such amazing access . But that 's why the film has been hailed as groundbreaking . It is also heartbreaking .
An extraordinary film which in many ways feels like a documentary : a mosaic of explosive raw footage that pieced together knits a profoundly disturbing portrait of organised crime in Italy today
The chilliest part of watching Gomorrah is knowing that it 's inspired by real events .
Over the course of this sprawling mosaic about the world 's most fearsome Mafia organization , the Neapolitan Camorra , -LSB- director -RSB- Garrone makes the business look like a beast of many tentacles , spreading misery and death to everyone it touches .
... grinds away in documentary fashion , like relentless evil wearing on the soft hearts of the poor .
It 's a masterpiece that deserves to be ranked up there with mob epics like `` Goodfellas '' and `` Once Upon A Time In America , '' even as it rebukes the conventions of those movies .
Gomorra has its own nerve , as well as the filmmaking intelligence to strip the cliches from its densely packed , authentically inhabited narrative . The new moviegoing year just got one hell of a jolt .
Director Matteo Garrone replaces the romance and glamour of the genre with brutal , documentary-style realism , and humanizes it in the process .
The sense of authenticity in this movie is palpable , but the scenes are sometimes so dark and so impenetrable that it takes a herculean effort to keep up with who 's who and what 's going on .
Moving his camera like a documentarian , Garrone creates a grab-your-throat sense of immediacy .
The performances are so `` real '' they do n't seem like acting at all .
Garrone avoids punching the usual emotional buttons : His stories have no heroes , his crime lords no glamour , and his victims no nobility .
Brutal and unrelenting , this documentary-style expose of the Camorra -- the Naples equivalent of the Sicilian mafia -- burns away all hints of Hollywood glamour ...
Gomorrah manages to be artful without being arty .
Garrone 's gloomy assessment of the new world order is painfully on target : corruption comes in many guises , and it 's as impossible to stop as it is to track .
There 's not much room for optimism here , given the wide-ranging influence of the Camorra , so all we can do is put our faith in the movie itself and the hope that the truth , simply and powerfully told , can make a difference .
Gomorrah presents a glimpse inside a disturbing but simultaneously fascinating world .
There 's nothing extraneous about it , nothing excessive in its violence or its art . It 's as desolate as it needs to be and no more .
An unforgettable portrayal of the unglamorous gangster life , which is often short and never sweet .
The film 's multiple strands might reflect a trend in multiple story lines . And it works to persuasively argue just how pervasive the corruption is in this community .
Buried in the muck of despair
Gomorrah is stark and powerful filmmaking , a welcome alternative to romanticized American mob melodramas .
A carnivorous candor permeates every frame with blood-curdling fascination and dread .
You ca n't escape the Comorra -- and with patience , at the end of the film , that point will be depressingly and effectively clear . I think you should see it .
This is gritty , it 's raw , it 's incredibly realistic and it 's terrifying and stylized .
As much as the victims and aggressors in Naples mafia movie Gomorrah seek to repress consequences of gangsterism , they are , of course embodying them .
A chilling , fresh addition to the mob movie genre .
Stark , raw and brutal , this is n't Hollywood 's romantic version of the Mafia .
It upends everything you think you know about the mob and mob movies .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Garrone 's messy storytelling compounds an already messy history . He 's a powerful filmmaker , though , and a fearless one . He knows where the bodies are buried -- and he shows them to us .
Reading about a film should never be more exciting than watching it .
What the director has created is a ferocious portrait of total corruption .
Director Matteo Garrone has adapted Saviano 's kaleidoscopic technique , loosely adapting the book for the screen , creating an episodic , sprawling and , finally , overwhelming portrait of ordinary lives engulfed by violence , hopelessness and evil .
Hell seems terribly familiar in Gomorrah , an Italian gangster film with a near-documentary feel .
A powerful look at the world of organized crime that is both completely deglamorized and utterly engrossing from start to finish .
Such an ambitious and fascinating effort thematically that it 's impossible to ignore .
The sprawl makes it hard to follow ... but it makes its point about the reach of the Camorra and the culture it has spawned .
It 's ugly . It 's powerful . But it 's hard to look away .
Gomorrah , a portrait of mob-ruled Naples , is a violent , long , hopeless , dispiriting movie , and also possibly a work of genius .
If The Godfather is the operatic pinnacle of gangster movies , let Gomorrah be its biblical counterpart .
Directed by Matteo Garrone , Gomorrah is both a staggering realist thriller and a jeremiad .
The film is a curative for the romanticism of The Godfather and Scarface .
The more you know about the story behind the story , the better it is
The movie presents the Camorra as a meat grinder through which all things within its orbit must pass .
It all ends up being more than a bit disjointed , large portions so frustrating it kind of drove me a little bit nuts .
A war photographer 's journal , taken at ground zero of the essential , inescapable tragedy of being human .
... resembles a post-apocalyptic Mob movie done by Robert Altman .
Do n't look for resolution , romanticism , or comic relief in this underworld tour , shot
with a fast , you-are-there look and no pity ; you wo n't find picaresque goodfellas or Sopranos-style ziti eaters here . Instead , there 's the power of damning truth
The result demands a patient viewing , and maybe more than one ; only after a second dose did I get the measure of -LSB- director -RSB- Garrone 's mastery , and realize how far he has surpassed , not merely honored , the author 's courageous toil .
An equally riveting , brutally honest and horrifying drama .
The malignity can be oppressive -- this is a far cry from Fellini finding poignant uplift in the slums -- but the dramatic structure is complex , the details are instructive , and the sense of tragedy is momentous .
Gomorrah takes the time-honored Mafia genre and gives it an all - new twist .
Darkly compelling .
Gomorrah is a corrosive and ferociously unsentimental fictional look at Italian organized crime .
Another film that critics will champion and average filmgoers will scratch their heads over , while wondering how they got snookered out of the price of a movie ticket .
... an obvious choice by Italy as its entry into the Oscar race for Best Foreign Language Film . Unfortunately , it was not one of the five films selected ...
As even-toned as a documentary , it plays like the Short Cuts of Sicily ; we 're not sure who we 're watching or why , but by the bloody end we 're caught in a web of violent fools
A dull repeat of The Sopranos , only without any character development .
An operatic film about organized crime , an ambitious work of social , physical and spiritual geography .
Gritty and intense , it reveals the ugly , soft underbelly of the Mafia-type organization that rules Naples and its environs .
It 's alert , superior directorial work from Garrone , who , perhaps not even realizing it , has redefined the nature of the mob genre .
Where 's Bobby and Marty when you really need them ?
In the pantheon of mob bosses and crime stories , its characters are okay , but they 're hardly good fellows .
Every story strand informs the others , creating a devastating 360-degree view of how organized crime impacts the country 's everyday people .
Drained of energy and vigor , Gomorrah confuses gangster fantasy for art .
Detailing daily life inside a criminal state , it 's a new sort of gangster film for America to ponder .
You may never want to visit southern Italy after seeing this film .
Given the breadth of the story , the characters never achieve much depth , but they 're part of a larger pattern : the younger ones are eager to find their way into the organization while the older ones are desperate to find their way out .
Utilizing a mesmerizing documentary style that studiously avoids glamorizing the horrors , Garrone cherrypicks episodes from Saviano 's muckraking tract , building to a chillingly matter-of-fact crescendo of violence .
Matteo Garrone 's powerful and authentic Gomorra one of the most realistic films on organized crime to hit screens
Next to HBO 's The Wire , which depicted an enormous financial ladder and also brought to life the characters on every rung , the movie is small potatoes : excellent journalism , so-so art .
If you are looking for heroes , you wo n't find any in this film .
A very localized canvas of the ` criminal empire ' with five interwoven strands of the narrative , each one leading to the same fatalistic ending , attesting to the ultimate invincibility and inevitability of this 'em pire . '
-LSB- Makes -RSB- brilliant use of seemingly endless array of run-down and abandoned buildings and spaces .
While compelling enough -LRB- to paraphrase our President -RRB- , ` Gomorrah ' is less than riveting because of its loose narrative structure .
As a result of the hardhitting , unflinching and accurate story , the author went into hiding after threats and is now under police protection .
Matteo Garrone 's provocative film fictionalizes the bleak , horrifying tales of ordinary people swept into the businesses of the Camorra , while illustrating the global reach of the Neapolitan Mafia .
A mob film that 's as far from the genre 's standard operating procedure as could be imagined
... while -LSB- the -RSB- experience may often seem like viewing a crowd from a moving merry-go-round , one can not help but be left with a sense of overwhelming hopelessness .
The biblical Gomorrah was a stinkhole of depravity and corruption . Well , god took care of that one . No one earthbound seems able to obliterate this one .
Avoiding the conventions of gangster movies , it presents a slice of the ghastly reality of life in the crime-infested areas of Naples that has remarkably authenticity and immediacy .
An unusually thought-provoking , annoying , difficult and ultimately unique work that might not be one of the year 's best , but is surely among its most interesting .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's nothing here to draw us in -- nothing particularly interesting or engaging about the stories or the characters .
Gomorrah brings subtle artistry and character insight to the observational , plot-drive-phobic school of filmmaking that 's so popular among serious auteurs at the moment .
The fingerprints of the Camorra are everywhere , this film wants us to know , and its grip is lethal .
Tinsel Town can indeed be blamed for making such ` made ' man movies compelling . Director Matteo Garrone shows us how truly disturbing and unrelenting such a story can be .
Impactante justamente por evitar se concentrar nos poderosos que se encontram no topo da hierarquia da camorra .
The action and bloodshed are amped up in the final half hour , but it 's still not enough to land the clearly intended knockout punch .
Visceral but disciplined and beautifully acted .
An ambitious , sprawling picture about the epic swirl of Italy 's criminal underbelly .
The familiarity of most of the plot lines could limit its popularity .
A look at the sprawling and incredibly powerful Camorra crime family in Italy shows mostly the lurid details of conventional crime . The value of the film lies in exposing crime that is not business as usual .
nakalyptei ki apokalyptei me to apostasiopoiimeno kai katharo blemma ntokimanterista , mia efialtiki Gomora , se aenai katastasi akiryhtoy polemoy , adiaperasti apo ahtida elpidas esto kai me ti morfi diaplekomenis dikaiosynis ki eksoysias
Gomorrah is a thoroughly engaging , well directed crime drama with a strong script and terrific performances . Highly recommended .
This may not be a perfect movie but it is memorable , angry at what it finds but determined not to produce either lily-white heroes or colourful villains .
It 's as unsentimental as it is understated and only afterwards do you realise how remarkable it is to find a mafia film that neither over-grits nor over-glams its underworld .
The remorseless , glamourless scenes - their businesslike realism , their shrugging fatalism , their workaday brutality - come closer than most films to identifying and depicting the `` banality of evil '' .
Consequently , there is not enough time to get close enough to any of the characters . But if your interest in crime clans extends beyond big guns , this is a must-see .
Easily the finest of the week 's films , though it 's unlikely to be showing anywhere near you , is Gomorrah , a warts-and-all Italian drama about the threat posed to civilisation by organised crime in Naples and beyond .
A searing , epic vision of a city in the grip of gangland terror . The multi-stranded plot takes some unpacking , but the characters , camerawork and unflinching realism compel like a gun to the head . The best gangster saga since City Of God .
Blame TV 's magisterial The Wire if Gomorrah seems superficial . But whereas TV has multiple episodes to penetrate the heart of its story , Matteo and co are to be commended for this all-encompassing overview of organised crime .
But his prowling observational technique makes it pungent and frightening in scene after scene , an entry-pass to some obscure circle of hell . All in all , not an easy night out , but not an easy one to forget , either .
Gomorrah is a powerful example of that thrilling current of energy which right now is lighting up Italian cinema .
Great films change the way we think about cinema . A masterpiece can alter our perception of life . Matteo Garrone 's startling film , Gomorrah , about the criminal underworld in Naples , is one of these rare movies .
If you want to see a gangster film that is n't all about stylized violence , then Gomorrah is for you . More thoughtful than most gangland films , its attempt to show how organized crime has infiltrated every level of society is impressive .
A sombre , slow , but well-paced study of organised crime in urban Naples that leaves a very grim taste in the mouth .
Deservedly winning a major award at Cannes Fest , Garrone 's multi-layered chronicle of crime as big business and way of life is a bleak , gripping , powerful and realistic saga that goes beyond American and Brazilian films like The Godfather or City of God .
The frightening people and the story they enact are defined by a camera technique which makes them flesh-and-blood , not larger-than-life spectacle .
A gritty drama based on a bestselling Italian novel about organized crime that focuses on the lives of five different players in the System .
Sidesteps grandiose gestures and statements in favor of a grimly matter-of-fact chronicle of how pervasive the Mafia influence has become .
A tough , cynical , blistering fictionalized study of the Camorra crime organization that controls much of Naples .
The sheer pervasiveness of corruption is eye-opening , and it justifies the narrative structure somewhat , but it seems a slight point to be making over the course of two and a half hours .
The Neapolitan mafia , known as the Camorra , gets the Syriana treatment in Matteo Garrone 's Gomorra -LRB- Gomorrah -RRB- , one of the most incisive organised-crime films to emerge from any country since the 1970s .












@highlight

Portraying organised crime with an unflinching realism , this gritty and searing Italian crime masterpiece pulls no punches .