Stupidity this epic can only be the deliberate work of cynical opportunists .
In the last line of the film , as the final credits thankfully disappear , Richie casually says `` that was a waste of time was n't it ? '' Yes . Definitely .
It does n't take a genius to work out what 's on offer : toilet humour , physical comedy , more toilet humour and an Americans-do-it-best schmaltzy climax .
... ultimately nothing more than a silly , egregiously sentimental comedy ...
You wo n't know whether to roll your eyes or smile like a fool , but you will know you 've been entertained .
... there was actually a small smattering of applause when the movie ended . Whether they were clapping for the film or just the fact that it was finally over will have to remain a mystery .
The Benchwarmers is better than it should have been . Only , that 's not saying much .
Even Jon Lovitz with a Batmobile , a dwarf attack in a playroom , and David Spade 's best wig ever ca n't save this mawkish misfire .
Unfunny , badly thought out and occasionally downright offensive , this is an extremely poor effort , even by the standards of other Rob Schneider movies .
Just when the baseball slapstick starts wearing thin , a final-reel gush of truly cynical sentiment on behalf of the physically challenged sends the ordeal-factor off the scale .
Highbrow humour is not the film 's strong point but there 's no faulting the sincerity of this against-all-odds comedy .
The Benchwarmers strikes out . Again and again and again .
This abysmally static comedy , the brainfart of ` the people who brought you Big Daddy ' is a mess on every level % u2026 depressingly woeful .
Starring Schneider and Spade , whose careers have been circling the drain for years , and Heder , who wo n't be far behind them if he does n't improve his career moves .
This comedy made me laugh exactly 3 times during its entire 80-minute run .
Only the reliably funny Jon Lovitz delivers his lines with any aplomb , providing just a few laughs in this otherwise horrid movie .
Believe it or not , The Benchwarmers is so lame that it ca n't even lay claim to being the best Adam Sandler-produced movie not screened for critics in 2006
An Adam Sandler movie without Adam Sandler , THE BENCHWARNERS offers the worst of all worlds .
What is Craig Kilborn doing in this movie ?
There 's a reason this comedy was not screened for critics . It strikes out , except at Pizza hut which must be thrilled with its product placements .
100 % silly stupid . I laughed so hard , I cried . If you do n't like fart jokes , do n't go see it . But , as films in this genre go , it 's packed high with funny and warmly w/heart .
If The Benchwarmers were a real ball game , the mercy rule would end the punishment in the first 15 minutes .
The Benchwarmers is funnier than it probably had any right to be , but the tedious repetition of the tournament games strands the film on second rather than bringing it in to score .
It 's hard to buy the movie as an underdog success story , since even the actors barely seem to exert themselves .
Like pretty much everything else bearing Happy Madison 's name , The Benchwarmers kind of sucks .
The Benchwarmers does n't know what it wants to be , so it ends up a mostly unsatisfying mixture of sweet and sour .
Could it be that this Adam Sandler movie is so atrocious that Sandler himself did n't want to be seen in it ?
The three losers play a series of Little League teams , snatching victory from the jaws of slapstick humiliation .
Makes one long for the sophisticated wit of Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo , which should tell you most of what you need to know .
Forced and undercooked from start to finish .
Schneider winds up playing straight man to Spade , who once again relies on his snarky coward shtick , and Heder , who comes across like someone doing a bad imitation of ... well , Heder himself in Napoleon Dynamite .
It 's a movie packed with so many idiot characters that Rob Schneider is cast as the cool guy -- and sort of pulls it off .
To watch this idiocy is to feel your brain cells die .
Filled with sprays of vomit , fountains of spit and enough hot body air to launch a flotilla of passenger balloons , The Benchwarmers is the sort of trash that Hollywood does really well .
Sandler 's latest ode to projectile vomiting , passing gas , gay jokes and physical insults to the groin is basically a feeble cross between The Revenge of the Nerds and The Bad News Bears .
If Sandler had avoided the lowest-common-denominator humor , recast the adult ballplayers as kids , and found a decent director , he might have had a worthwhile movie . Oh , wait -- it 's already been made . And it 's called Bad News Bears .
They hide these things for a reason , folks .
It gives me a perverse pleasure to announce that The Benchwarmers is not terrible , not terrible at all .
an unapologetically dumb comedy , and I wo n't criticize the filmmakers for delivering this mindless but crowd-pleasing comedy .
A grossout comedy featuring three vomit scenes , two with chunks , and a grown man who eats his own boogers in public is the movie that Rob Schneider believes is his One Big Chance to be seen as a Serious Actor .
Pretty terrible -- a movie fashioned for the arrested development set -LRB- not those addicted to the fondly-remembered TV series , but those suffering from the psychological malady -RRB- .
The Benchwarmers is basically another dreadful and repetitive sophomoric session of misplaced potty humor that has all the devilish ingenuity of a corked baseball bat .
If there 's a bad getting-hit-in-the-crotch gag , director Dennis Dugan has n't seen it .
This film has no idea who it wants to reach ... you just kind of shake your head and hope the PG-13 rating will be strictly enforced .
By human standards , -LSB- it -RSB- is bad . ... By Rob Schneider standards -LRB- and how often are those words used together ? -RRB- , it 's bad , but not in the same league as Deuce Bigalow .
Let the vomit-and-gas jokes begin !
It wo n't surprise anyone that Heder is not at his best here , but when you find yourself thinking that Spade and Schneider deserve better material , that 's saying a lot .
revels in its freak tendencies
Well , outside of the jokes about nose-picking , animal feces , small genitalia , homophobia , urinating in the shower , flatulence , and co-starring the reigning king of unfunny , Jon Heder , Benchwarmers is actually a passably funny motion picture .
These guys should have stayed on the bench .
The Benchwarmers is full of potty humor and worse , but this `` make work '' program for The Friends of Adam Sandler is not a dreadful movie , it 's just an inconsequential one
These geeks really are n't people , and the bad guys do n't need moustaches to twirl when they accomplish as much with an old fashioned titty-twister .
It 's so bad , it should be viewed only through a pinhole in a shoebox , much like an eclipse .
-LSB- The film -RSB- contains a couple of funny bits , like Jackson teaching fast reflexes through doorbell-ringing pranks , but you have to slog through a lot of done-to-death bodily function jokes to get to them .
The Benchwarmers features a talking robot butler . If you 're wondering what a talking robot butler has to do with Rob Schneider , David Spade , and Jon Heder playing baseball against children , the answer is : absolutely nothing .
Punishment .
Manages to never be boring even when it is a complete waste of talent , film stock and the audience 's time and money .
There 's also nothing funny in watching a grown man intentionally hit a kid in the chest with a sizzling line drive , or even worse , drop-kicking a 12-year-old catcher unconscious .
-LSB- The Benchwarmers -RSB- severely tests the maxim that ` There 's no such thing as a bad movie about baseball . '
An idiotic piece of filmmaking .
With the writers of Grandma 's Boy , the director of Big Daddy , and Schneider , Spade and Heder , ` Benchwarmers ' ca n't be accused of a stealth campaign of suck .
Substituting Sandler with Schneider in the lead role is like filling your gas tank with urine instead of unleaded .
To my shock , The Benchwarmers is not as unwatchable as one would expect -- and this is coming from someone who detests Napoleon Dynamite , is tired of David Spade , and could do without Rob Schneider any given day .
It 's not great comedy , but it has its moments . Many of these moments you 've already seen in the trailers ... worth watching if like fart jokes and idiot slapstick .
This is , for all its supposed charms , a very nasty little movie .
Rob Schneider and David Spade welcome Jon Heder into the fraternity of comic actors who will never again enjoy a shred of credibility .





@highlight

A gross-out comedy that is more sophomoric than funny , The Benchwarmers goes down swinging .