They 're celebrating . What are they celebrating ? The mere fact of being alive ... weirdly festive and triumphant , ... Something deeper , darker , accrues from the post-adolescent prankishness . If we survive , we all grow elderly , lunatic and happy-go-lucky .
Congratulations Harmony , you 've just made the weirdest movie ever .
A Dadaist delight , Harmony Korine 's Trash Humpers is a direct descendant of Jack Smith 's Flaming Creatures , perhaps the first and only .
The most shocking thing about Trash Humpers is that it 's boring ... at times , hellishly annoying , but virtually never offensive .
In one scene of `` Trash Humpers , '' the camera lingers on an abandoned toilet in the middle of a field , as voices cackle off-camera . The filmography of Harmony Korine , ladies and gentlemen !
Viewers unfamiliar with Korine 's alternative style of filmmaking may walk out in disgust . But if you 're willing to broaden your cinematic expectations to include the utterly random , it 's a must-see .
Mostly it is just repulsive but occasionally it 's beguiling , and at these points it feels like Korine is getting at something , showing us exactly what we do n't want to see ...
There 's no plot to speak of , but the mayhem Korine captures is oddly engrossing , like a twisted piece of performance art .
Trash Humpers , far being an authentic expression of the American Id , is a nostalgic lament for an era in which Korine 's films could be held up , rightly or wrongly , as transgressive . No longer .
There 's no real narrative , just three folk in latex OAP masks snorting and cackling through a series of often noctural adventures with wheelchairs , hookers and undead-looking street poet types .
It is an exercise in experimental provocation and in pure insolence , while sometimes being horribly funny and fascinating , reviving the spirit of Tod Browning 's Freaks and the ice-cold vision of Diane Arbus .
It 's a typical Korine move : gesture towards seriousness , and then undercut it in the name of puerility . Or is it post-political cynicism ?
As funny as it is horrific , and as beautiful as it is repulsive , Harmony Korine has crafted one of the most fully-formed -LRB- and undeniably affecting -RRB- art movies of recent years .
A tedious slog that appears to have been made for the express purpose of annoying the audience . It succeeds at that , so I guess I have to give it a good review .
As close to unwatchable as cinema gets , Harmony Korine 's latest stab at alienating his audience seems perversely designed to test the loyalty of those who stuck with the underground auteur through Gummo and Mister Lonely .
This is counter-cinema at its best . For every insipid , corporate-led blockbuster that comes hurtling out of Hollywood , something as gross , coarse and provocative as Trash Humpers must counteract , if just to remind us of the power of film .
Imagine if you salvaged a grubby VHS tape off the roadside only to discover it contained outtakes from an amateur Jackass knock-off .
A often grim vaudeville parade of Nashville 's oddballs and ne'er - do-wells .
A gang ofelderly morons have sex with garbage . What more can I say about Trash Humpers ?
Demented , juvenile and utterly pretentious nonsense that comes across like a senile version of Jackass crossed with white trash performance art , yet it 's also strangely enjoyable and has future cult hit written all over it .
a painful and deadly dull slog that tries to approximate the outrages of early underground cinema without bringing anything new to the table .
This interminable piece of crap copped a big prize at the 2009 Copenhagen International Documentary Film Festival .
The crass , fuzzy beauty of VHS ' defiantly crisp-free recording technology gives haunting visual power to both the empty-parking-lot dreariness of day and the harsh , lamplit hum of night .
The spirit of celluloid is dragging 3D CGI to the toilet and giving it a swirly .
For the brave souls who make it to the end , there should at least be no question of the movie 's sincerity .
A gross indulgence in the uncertain that is less a scary , ` found tape ' whodunit than a jaw-dropping shocksploit with one very weird agenda .
However crassly delivered , Mr. Korine 's warning against over-consumption is unambiguous : these savages are our future , our `` true seed . '' The only surprise is that he did n't include a shot of one of them violating this film .
It 's about as enervating a way to waste 78 minutes as I 've ever experienced .
Trash Humpers is Korine the performance artist pleading for attention . Look away .
It 's no accident that Korine 's visual style mimics that of a scratchy old VHS tape . There 's a name for the genre he 's now working in -- it 's called glorified public-access TV .
If this is what passes for contemporary art terrorism , we 'll opt instead for something truly subversive -- like genuine art .
It 's ultimately less a celebration of impulse behavior than a celebration of the parodic impulse to record .
It 's all very confusing and I have to admit , I 'm not sure I even liked `` Trash Humpers . '' But , I respect it and I respect Korine as an artist .
Never have so many curbside trash containers been violated in the name of art , as well as trees , a mailbox , and a forlorn electric pole .
Korine is just too old for this s ** t
Never has the bizarre beauty of degraded low-grade video been exploited to this extent .




@highlight

It 's oddly affecting in a deeply discomfiting way , but Trash Humpers pales in comparison with Harmony Korine 's earlier , truly transgressive work .