Pak sets himself up as a filmmaker to watch , a creator of intelligent , thoughtful stories that refuse to be contained by traditional definition .
The title encourages us to think of Robot Stories as the cinematic equivalent of a book of short stories , and I 'd say a book in which half the stories are excellent is not a bad bet .
Robot Stories does n't advance the boundaries of imaginative fiction . It 's The Twilight Zone reimagined by Lifetime TV .
Although uneven and tentative , Robot Stories is sufficiently thoughtful , provocative and original to make you wonder what Greg Pak might do with access to better parts .
This compilation of four cinematic short stories is an uneven affair .
Each vignette is worthy of admiration - not too much admiration , as Pak 's ability as a storyteller is more developed than his filmmaking skills .
While Pak shows promise , especially with the final segment , a meditation on the existence of the soul , his reach ultimately exceeds his grasp .
Robot Stories has the look and feel of an above-average student film , but Pak 's potential promises better things to come .
Clearly the work of a beginning filmmaker , modestly budgeted and variable in effect , but it shows promise .
Mr. Pak accomplishes the rare feat of making the viewer think and wonder as he sheds light on little corners of the heart .
As a complete work , Robot Stories is a solid collection .
These are tales from the heart -- pulsing to a high-tech beat .
Part of the minimalist allure of Robot Stories is that it 's much more than the sum of its parts .
Robot Stories is a both a throwback and , hopefully , a sign of things to come .
It 's a confident first feature from director-to-watch Greg Pak , one that pulls off sci-fi ideas with a lo-fi budget .
Utilizando a tecnologia -LRB- no caso , robôs -RRB- para estudar a psique e o comportamento humanos , Pak realiza uma antologia irregular , mas muito interessante .
There 's no pleasure in giving new directors bad reviews and it 's especially unpleasant when what 's wrong with their work is n't a clumsy performance or two , a sagging second act or a repugnant worldview , but a near-total absence of filmmaking talent .
This collection of four thinly connected pieces possesses an immediate relevance grounded in the everyday tension between the real and the artificial and ever-narrowing distinction between the two .
This is a heartfelt endeavor , given weight by Shimono 's extraordinary performance .
An exploration of robot themes in the humanist tradition of such acclaimed authors as Ray Bradbury and Isaac Asimov .
Impressive if modest debut effort .
It 's a mechanical man with a soul , but no armor .
They 're not like the `` Twilight Zone '' which is an easy comparison ; they 're more deep , artistic and subtle .
The work of a feeling thinker who understands how to communicate sincerity without giving you a headache , a cavity , or a lecture .
These are simple stories , most with a strong insightful element . All but one really says more about humanity than about robots .
Though mildly involving , the feature film suffers from having too few distinctions among its different parts .
Slight and unsurprising .
Pak relies on the basics of writing and acting to express his ideas , but only `` The Robot Fixer '' fully makes up for cinematic shortcomings
The collection can be summed up in four words I never thought I 'd see together : science-fiction chamber music .
In two segments , wacky robots are the obvious punch lines of hackneyed plots . But the other two succeed by making technology the stimulus for much more human explorations .
Concerned with detailing the various interactions of an unsettling , fragile humanity with its own technology .
Following in the footsteps of Ray Bradbury , Rod Serling and Philip K. Dick rather than George Lucas , Pak returns to the tradition of intelligent , humanistic sci-fi and reminds us of the value of good genre fiction .
The stories , which range in length from 20 to 25 minutes , have an unhurried pace but they never dawdle and never bore .
The Twilight Zone for the 21st century .
Offers considerably more insight into the conceptions of real and artificial intelligence and emotion than the immensely overrated debacle that is AI : Artificial Intelligence .
Each story has a unique style and something profound and/or wonderful to say . The players might be artificial , but the human drama is real .
Greg Pak 's fantasy anthology piece , which details the ways robots have complicated the lives of humans , has a dexterous sense of wonder that nonetheless leaves the film feeling a bit detached .
The last is the most touching , but all are skillfully made .
A quietly impassioned , genuinely stirring indie rarity .
Suffers a bit too much from Twilight Zone-itis
The four stories expertly touch on the human side of relationships , even when using robots , toys or uploaded memories to get their points across .
Accomplished 2002 quartet of vignettes about artificial human life .


@highlight

Although its 4 stories vary in quality , Robot Stories is still worth a look for Twilight Zone fans .