The extent of the plot is literally just Robert De Niro wanting to f *** a college girl -LRB- who is of course depicted as an unabashed s *** -RRB- , because after 40 years of being faithful to his recently deceased wife , he feels entitled to some fun ...
The fun of sex is the entire point of the raunchy , goofy Dirty Grandpa . You have to be humorless -LRB- and sex-averse -RRB- to be offended by its deliberate naughtiness as so many critics have demonstrated .
The un-ironic title is like a spray-painted graffiti sign warning everyone to stay away from this sewage-swilling clogged cesspit masquerading as a movie .
Equal parts bad and baffling , it seems to have been written and directed by alien life forms who read YouTube comment sections for a week and drew these conclusions about human behavior .
A burlesque like Dirty Grandpa means to `` liberate the oppressed '' and does so in a low-comedy way . Ignore the bluenose critics who sharpened their dentures on this movie ; ironically , they 're the same fools who swallow drivel like The Hunger Games .
No matter how many brief yucks you get out of Plaza 's sledge hammer advances or De Niro attempting the kind of fast talking sex talk ; you feel desperation .
Pure comedy sewage .
A movie so annoying , so ugly , so lead-footed , so misguided , and so blisteringly unfunny it has to be seen to be believed . Please do n't see it , though . It 's not worth the sacrifice .
Though there are some polite , heartfelt moments about living life to the full , Dirty Grandpa is an arrangement of outrageous lines and sight gags for those who like their comedy crude , if somewhat pointless .
If vomit could vomit , the upshot might resemble alleged comedy `` Dirty Grandpa '' and its titular performance from 72 year-old screen icon Robert De Niro .
Keen to follow the Judd Apatow formula -- crude gags plus big-hearted sentiment -- Dirty Grandpa winds up losing the courage of its gross-out convictions . Offensive in all the wrong ways .
If you would rather spare yourself the torture of having the image of the legendary , Oscar-winning actor tarnished for good , then you are advised to look for your dirty laughs elsewhere .
There are many ways you could go in attacking something like Dirty Grandpa .
Dirty Grandpa is n't just a bad film , it 's horrible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
De Niro and Efron become family and deliver a great comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Definitely and without fear of contradiction , one of the worst films of 2016 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has not funny at all and it 's mostly vulgar . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Its a lowpoint for everyone involved , it 's unbeleivable that DeNiro accespted to be involved in it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a shame someone with such talent as DeNiro would star in something like this . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that requires you to embrace dark humor and everything politically incorrect , but in the end , a fun film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A regrettable comedy , with no grace , no heart , and no message . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lacking any real purpose , Dirty Grandpa show us the work of a homophobic , misogynistic and uninspired director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A road movie that has a few laughs but is mostly uncomfortable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film tries to emulate The Hangover and Bad Grandpa , but it 's far from any of those . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the cinematic wasteland of January , Dirty Grandpa is a minor bright spot : perverse and subversive , if not somewhat predictable .
This is one grubby little movie . But the shabbiest aspect of the whole enterprise is that the script ca n't even fully embrace its truly sordid nature .
Do not watch this movie while alive .
If there 's a worse film scheduled for release this year , I really do n't want to see it .
If the simple goal of a comedy is merely to entertain and make you laugh , then Dirty Grandpa more than succeeds .
Dirty Grandpa has a couple of jokes that work and live up to its name , and Aubrey Plaza was beamed into it from another planet but in every other way it is an abject failure .
It never rises to the level of garbage . Already we have the worst movie of the year-and maybe next year as well .
There 's nothing clever about this deliberately rude and vulgar comedy , but certain audiences will find it absolutely hilarious .
This is truly an achievement for a first-time writer ; usually it takes a committee of at least four or five scribes , with a history of lame comedies under their belts , to reach the levels of bad humour and depravity seen here .
This is a movie that desperately wants to be a raunchy , politically incorrect , gross-out comedy . It gets as far as desperate .
With its thinly veiled homophobia and misogyny , you begin to long for the upfront approach of Benny Hill .
This movie is just not funny in any way .
This is mostly lame and grating stuff that almost dares you to laugh .
Somehow , Dirty Grandpa is not just another crappy comedy . It 's kind of a great comedy .
I believe very few films are a genuine waste of time . Even the biggest turkey is worth discussing . But Dirty Grandpa really challenged me .
There 's nothing transgressive or edgy about it . It 's just horrible .
Its horrible message : the old are only interesting when they 're capable of aping the young .
Steer away from Dirty Grandpa , just as you would sidestep a dog turd on the pavement .
Plays like one of those dire mainstream films that - thanks to a few extreme moments - Quentin Tarantino periodically reclaims in his best-of-the-year list .
Nothing is rendered in a particularly funny or novel way - it 's just crude , shocking statements . Therefore , the film is n't actually offensive because it 's trying so hard to be and failing miserably .
Vulgar but occasionally funny comedy gets pretty offensive .
Crass , often gross and easy to dismiss as rubbish - the film has been critically reviled - Dirty Grandpa nonetheless reveals how De Niro 's latter-life love of comedy seems devoted to piecing together a multi-movie portrait of what it is like to be old .
Could have been a mess of crass gags if not for the chemistry of the cast , particularly the two leads who have a rapport that wins you back even when the jokes inevitably stray over the line .
Be ashamed , Robert De Niro , be deeply ashamed of every scene of Dirty Grandpa , a sleazy comedy spurting unfunny jokes from a lost time .
Dirty Grandpa is a comedy that will leave you open-mouthed . Unfortunately , the sound being produced by your lungs is n't laughter but a silent scream at what is unfolding before you .
There are a few moments of hilarity , but most of the film seems merely grotesque . It 's baffling as to what draws De Niro to such material when he should be playing Willy Loman or King Lear .
It makes The Godfather Part II , Taxi Driver and Raging Bull all suddenly seem like a long time ago and far away .
I have to be honest with you : there are very few circumstances under which you should see Dirty Grandpa .
Two incredibly talented stars , at different ends of their careers , somehow brought together by the lowest points on their CVs .
A sad and , in the end , utterly sappy affair that recycles the same checklist of tropes that lulls audiences into thinking they are watching an edgy comedy .
This grossout comedy takes De Niro fans into a new emotional phase that I can only call `` post-despair '' . We are past being astonished and horrified .
Great comedy catches people off guard . It pulls the rug out from under their feet and leaves them gasping for air . Dirty Grandpa does neither .
The ugliest film in recent memory - in every sense of the word - we can only hope it meets the fate it deserves .
There 's something dated about the script , graspingly keen to be edgy but often wearyingly outmoded - are we honestly still treating gay euphemisms as a bottomless well of hilarity ?
This is the most engaged De Niro performance in at least five years : his dialogue is both apocalyptically unfunny and clearly enunciated , which somehow makes it all the more galling .
This painfully unfunny , deliberately offensive comedy marks a new low in Robert De Niro 's career . Avoid like your life depended on it .
Dirty Grandpa wants to be as filthy as a Tijuana peep show featuring a beleaguered performer and put upon donkey , but ends up as sickly sweet as a Werther 's Original .
DeNiro at his nadir , Efron on his way out the door .
This is De Niro like you 've never seen him before . That 's not a good thing . It 's hard not to wonder why the `` Godfather 2 '' star ended up starring as `` Dirty Grandpa . ''
It 's only January , but Dirty Grandpa is so desperately unfunny and excruciatingly endless at 102 minutes that it 's dead certain for a top spot on lists of the year 's worst movies .
You can only take so much of a randy Robert De Niro joking about `` taking a number 3 '' or other stuff that rhymes with truck that I ca n't repeat . Let 's just say all Grandpa wants to do is truck , truck , truck .
Brit director Dan Mazer has excreted the mightiest blot on De Niro 's CV yet
Tinged with the sadness of watching a beloved elderly relative making a bloody old fool of himself .
This interminable farrago feels like swimming through a sea of excrement .
God forbid this should be -LSB- De Niro 's -RSB- final role .
Cruel , lazily scripted and ultimately spineless ...
The film hinges on the solipsistic idea that libido in the elderly is somehow outrageous and hence , dirty .
So atrocious in every aspect , this is a grotesque affront not just to comedy , but to humanity as a whole
In a word , Dirty Grandpa is tasteless . Crass , belligerent and egregious would also suffice . Unnecessary , even .
Cringeworthy on every level , this gross-out American Pie comedy for seniors is an all time low for Robert De Niro , who is complicit in the tirade of crude language , expletives , masturbation , simulated sex acts , drug orgies and embarrassing behavior
Tedious and testosterone-propelled , it 's raunchy , repellent and desperately not funny ...
To be sure , there 's often nothing quite as liberating as a raunchy , foul-mouthed comedy , but the R-rated moments have to be woven into the storyline , not just sprayed onto the screen like a wayward money shot in a porn flick .
Not everything in this movie is funny , and the set-up takes a bit too long to play out . However , there are some moments that made me laugh , I 'll admit .
A running gag in `` Dirty Grandpa '' involves Robert De Niro sticking his thumb in Zac Efron 's butt . But to use that as a metaphor for watching this poor excuse for a comedy , would be to actually suggest there 's any kind of spark .
Simply being dirty and gross is not the same as being funny , something the makers of this film apparently did n't understand .
Oh well , at least I can strike `` See Robert De Niro wanking '' off my bucket list .
Dirty Grandpa is a mean-spirited comedy almost completely devoid of laughs .
`` Dirty Grandpa '' is like watching a friend 's mediocre improv troupe do an extended spring-break sketch . And your friend just happens to be Robert De Niro .
Crude in nearly every sense of the word , `` Dirty Grandpa '' is a nasty-humored , poorly made and desperately unfunny film .
Though many of these self-consciously crude jokes do n't land , those that do are the life of the party . Late-era De Niro forever , y' all .
DIRTY GRANDPA is certainly dirty . It 's crude and rude , and that would 've been great if it had offered a few laughs . It does n't . At all .
One of the worst , most disheartening times I have had in a movie theater . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Nudity , Violence , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The movie really goes for it - like , to a shocking degree . And , well , I laughed . -LRB- Ugh . -RRB-
The worst film of Robert De Niro 's entire career -LRB- or maybe anybody 's -RRB- . Get Zac Efron a new agent - fast .
I was offended by ` Dirty Grandpa . ' Just not for any of the reasons the filmmakers wanted me to be offended .
You got ta give De Niro a hand -LRB- and a maybe a tissue -RRB- for the way he dives right into this role . He chews through the icky dialogue and even lends the character some warmth in the process . The movie does n't deserve it .
Is n't De Niro at all concerned with his legacy ? At all ? Did he lose a bet ? Was he challenging himself to find a new low after Little Fockers ? We may never know the true answer .
At this late stage of his career , one ca n't help feel the star of Taxi Driver , The Godfather Part II , Raging Bull and Goodfellas could use a little guidance himself .
Mazer 's film works half the time , but De Niro works it so hard he probably needed ointment on set .
It will make you feel bad for yourself , and anyone else who sees it , and anyone else who has to live in the world where it exists as a physical document .
Director Dan Mazer takes the overaged frat-boy antics too far .
If Dirty Grandpa does anything , it should be to make you stop weeping for De Niro 's lost greatness . He brought this upon himself .
I 'm not saying Dirty Grandpa is terrible , but I fully expect a terrorist organization to claim responsibility for it any minute now .
Every once in awhile a movie comes around that 's so repulsive that you leave it certain that the theatre is in need of fumigation , and get home feeling a desire for a quick shower ... Such a picture is the abysmal ` Dirty Grandpa . '
The vulgarity is piled on here like a pastrami sandwich from Slyman 's Deli . The script is carpet-bombed with dirty , genital sex talk in lieu of crafted comedy writing .
Dirty Grandpa feels like spending 100-plus minutes with a scatalogical toddler , proudly showing you what he made in his diaper . Do n't look if you do n't have to .
... feels like something you 'd find next to a used condom and a discarded can of Red Bull .
`` Dirty Grandpa '' gets ugly-drunk on its title character 's preening smugness : Grandpa Dick is presented as The World 's Most Interesting Man , a cigar-chomping hybrid of Sinatra and Statham , but simply comes across as TWMIM 's scumbag brother .
Going for irreverence and taboo-smashing insanity , `` Dirty Grandpa '' is as loathsome as a film can get , putting in the least amount of work to qualify as a theatrical release .
So unapologetically lowbrow , so proudly inane and incompetent that its shruggy attitude eventually becomes , in a sense , admirable , if you will .
If the idea of Robert De Niro saying ` vagina ' a lot or visual gags that portray Efron as a pedophile are your idea of funny , `` Dirty Grandpa '' will fit the bill .
Well I certainly feel dirty .
I began giggling with a kind of metaphysical embarrassment for everyone involved in the enterprise , and , eventually , for all of humanity itself .
-LSB- De Niro is -RSB- invested in this character as much as any actor imaginably could be , and boy , is that fact disheartening .
A mix of laughs and guffaws and snorts that neither makes you proud of yourself nor makes you regret giving this fluff a shot .
Spread the word . The worst movie of 2016 has just been released . It 's called Dirty Grandpa .
... the Plaza/De Niro pairing that works far better than the Efron/De Niro one .
As in the films of Judd Apatow , crassness is boasted as shamelessness , and calculated sentimentality is dressed up as empathy .
There are some laughs to be had in Dirty Grandpa if you 're 13-years-old or have a sense of humor that has n't developed far beyond that .
Dirty Grandpa is a barrel of laughs , just the bottom of the barrel . It is spectacularly perverse , sophomoric , and sexist ; with no redeeming social qualities whatsoever . But it 's funny , outrageously funny , basking in unrepentantly low brow humor .
Suddenly , Dirty Grandpa is a lesson about life and choices and following your heart ?
De Niro and Efron 's continuing efforts to elevate the proceedings prove fruitless in the face of bottom-of-the-barrel , from-from-competent material .
Dirty Grandpa does have one distinction . It makes De Niro 's previous comedy low point Meet the Fockers look good by comparison .
There 's little chemistry between a sadly unfunny Efron and a sleepwalking De Niro , and both Jason 's awakening and Dick 's plotting feel forced .
It can be definitively stated that Dirty Grandpa is utterly unfunny .
Robert De Niro hits rock-bottom opposite Zac Efron in this atrocious excuse for a comedy .
It 's shocking without being truly outrageous , dirty without ever really crashing taboos . And for a road-trip comedy , it pretty much stays in the slow lane . With its blinker on .
Dirty Grandpa is the worst movie I 've ever seen in a movie theater .
... vulgar and obnoxious instead of being funny , and not smart enough to know the difference .
The film progressively gets worse the lower it sinks , and yet despite its indefensible badness , Dirty Grandpa is still marginally entertaining , if only because De Niro makes it so .
It lives up - or rather down - to its title , sending its stars on a hedonistic road trip with a pink Mini Cooper 's worth of sexist , racist , homophobic and ugly jokes for company .
It says a lot about this robustly filthy but shambolic comedy that there is a running gag featuring Zac Efron getting repeatedly punched in the scrotum , from behind , by Robert De Niro .

@highlight

Like a Werther 's Original dropped down a sewer drain , Dirty Grandpa represents the careless fumbling of a classic talent that once brought pleasure to millions .