Rather than watching tough survivors taking on a deadly foe , we are watching something more akin to a low achieving mouse trying to fight off a gang of militant carpet beetles .
A collection of disparate genre parts that are presented with a noted lack of snark or irony .
-LSB- Blu-ray Review -RSB- A pretty standard post-apocalyptic thriller , economical but unsure of what it wants to be .
There is nothing in this film that has n't been done before , or done better . But the subject matter has also been handled a lot worse .
Rote sci-fi dogma fails this flick well before the finish line .
This sci-fi thriller makes us almost feel the frosty cold in our bones , thanks to cinematographer Pierce Gill 's magic touch .
Dull and formulaic , it 's yet another wannabe post-apocalyptic thriller .
A zombie by any other name is still a zombie in this utterly routine horror pic .
A small-scale science-fiction horror story full of big , troubling ideas about what a new Dark Ages might look like .
The Colony would definitely fit into a Saturday night viewing experience ... and you do n't have to scour the bottom shelf of some dingy Mom and Pop video store to find it .
Formulaic post-apocalyptic thriller ... when you do n't especially care who lives and who dies , all the skull-crunching action does n't amount to a hill of beans .
The filmmakers ' aversion to any hint of storytelling originality means that the main impression `` The Colony '' leaves is one of almost stupefying over-familiarity .
A screaming , lunging , chomping chase movie that has nothing new to bring to a genre that just wo n't die .
It 's somewhat low-rent and thoroughly humorless - hey , the future 's not funny - and , in the manner of the genre , adamantly bleak .
Becomes yet another run-from-the-ghouls exercise , cheapening decent work by a good cast .
The film strands its archetypal characters in a featureless danger zone and gives them overly familiar dialogue borrowed from a dozen other B-movies .
Charlotte Sullivan looks really , really cute in blond dreadlocks . But she ca n't save the movie , nor can her impressive costars , Bill Paxton , Kevin Zegers , and Laurence Fishburne .
Nothing in The Colony feels real . Not the emotions , the settings , the characters or even the cannibals .
Even those trapped and bored in a bunker , surrounded by frozen waste , would tire of this unoriginal sci-fi/horror hybrid .
Bill Paxton and Laurence Fishburne certainly add to the experience , but this is not a substantial enterprise , requiring a few extra beats of storytelling and panic to pass as a full cinematic meal .
The Colony could have been something so much more , but copy-cat genre blandness instead leaves viewers out in the cold .
It 's decently acted , delivers some well-executed jolts , does n't insult the viewer 's intelligence , and is mercifully free of ironic distance .
Survival tale in the next ice age is dull and derivative .
Greedily tries to cram every dystopian curse into one misbegotten plot , resulting in something wildly disjointed , even if its pieces arguably connect .
A longer running time would have served the movie better as well as less reliance on movie clichés and idiocies .
There are too many clichés and half-developed characters to make us care enough , and the film 's vision is not claustrophobic enough to envelop us in its world .
It 's reminiscent of the more embarrassing excesses of the tax-shelter movies of 30 years ago .
The Colony is n't good , and it is n't terrible . It is , unfortunately , pretty forgettable , and for that I 'm almost more disappointed than if it had been either end of the spectrum .
On the whole , The Colony might have fared better if it had hunkered down and tried to wait out the global winter .
The Colony is a blue-bin blockbuster , a collection of recycled ideas of sci-fi thrillers past .
The whole enterprise is reduced to the lowest common denominator .
Fishburne 's not enough to save this recycled , post-apocalyptic actioner .

@highlight

A formulaic sci-fi thriller , The Colony features cliched dialogue , cheesy special effects , and underdeveloped characters .