The film has various archival footage , old photos and many dialogues , full of tragedy .
Just like he did in Man on Wire , James Marsh tells this story in a fluid and organic manner . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese -RSB-
I was rooting for the film to end with a shot of the Statue of Liberty on a beach .
This smart doc should prove the perfect summer antidote to most of summer 's films that require you to turn your brain off to enjoy them .
If there 's one thing Marsh knows , it 's how to reach your deepest emotions . He did it with ` Man on Wire , ' and he does it again here .
A fascinating , unflinching and tragic documentary about the chimpanzee we tried to make human .
A tragic chronicle of animal abuse .
Like an orphan out of Dickens , Nim is a sorrowful figure buffeted by the winds of the greedy , selfish and more powerful ...
One of the 10 best films of 2011 .
This is one of those great documentaries which could be transposed almost without change into a heartbreaking Hollywood tearjerker .
This haunting life story is an exquisite example of non-fiction filmmaking as full-bodied , emotionally complex drama .
There is no question Nim was exploited for human gain , yet there are important aspects which Marsh leaves unexplored .
Nim 's story is so fascinating and telling ... that it would probably be impossible for even the very worst of filmmakers to screw it up , and Marsh is not the worst of filmmakers .
Writer-director James Marsh mines yet another long-forgotten slice of '70s madness .
It is the sad story of an animal whose fate is left in the hands of people -- some well-meaning , some not so much -- who are error-prone , unprepared for dealing with a chimpanzee , and often uncaring .
In a way , Nim 's life journey mirrors our own , particularly if we end up alone , no longer having much control over what happens to us .
Tales of the attacks Nim inflicted on his many carers are horrific , but there is a pervasive sense there was nothing else they could have expected .
Project Nim nimbly serves up a profoundly sad tale that raises as many thought-provoking questions as it answers .
This tale of a hard done by chip places a light on when unethical scientific research and the post 1960s counterculture combine to create an experiment done wrong in Project Nim .
... succeeds as theater , as entertainment , but it does n't really attempt what Terrace tried , in his admittedly morally clumsy way . What is the light in those feral eyes and what does it mean ? Can we ever hope to know ?
The film teases us with a paradox : arguably Nim 's keepers were wrong to try to endow their protege with human attributes , but can we empathise with his suffering without making the same mistake ?
Funny at times , but also deeply sad , it 's a truly fascinating and well made documentary .
Marsh 's film is as much a study of how we behave as a species as it is of what happens to Nim . And we do n't come off particularly well .
Project Nim tells a sweet , strange and sad story of an incredible creature that will touch even the hardest of hearts .
A bizarre , captivating and somewhat sad new documentary .
Driven by James Marsh 's measured storytelling style , this ethically unsettling and emotionally compelling documentary is the equal of any cinematic epic .
A thought-proving and entirely moving portrait of human arrogance -- in general and with some very , very specific examples .
Marsh knows this material is explosive , so he presents it simply and with little sentiment -LRB- against all odds , `` Nim '' is frequently very funny -RRB- .
For a movie about an ape , it sheds an interesting light on humanity . Animals may be wild , but only humans are cruel .
Project Nim does n't try to reconcile its different understandings of Nim -- as an experiment , a child , a projection of various selves , and a complex , independent being .
Marsh is too content framing the entire film around the narrative spun by its subjects , rather than stamping his own authorship on the film , and as a result it lacks the power and depth of his previous work .
After watching this eye-opening documentary , one almost hopes for a rebellion of the chimpanzees like the one seen in the latest installment in the Planet of the Apes franchise .
About as far as you can get from cinéma vérité in its artful combination of archive material , existing documentary footage , newly filmed interviews and dramatic reconstruction , to trace Nim 's strange progress .
I was very moved by this film .
Despite some heartbreak in the last half , this film brims with humanity and some priceless humour , too .
The release of this documentary by James Marsh in the same week as Rise of the Planet of the Apes is wittily timed . It too speaks of caged primates , though its judgement on their captors is far more disturbing .
This many-faceted time capsule sheds little light , but buried inside it are vexing questions and the still-beating heart of a special creature .
Marsh , who made the multi-awarded Man on a Wire , takes no sides but lets the humans speak for themselves , rum lot that they are .
A corrective to all those family films and documentaries , many of them by Disney , that sentimentalise - and patronise - wild animals by trying to turn them into quirky , mentally subnormal humans .
Marsh 's poignant film showcases the best and worst instincts of human nature and tells an extraordinary tale .
You end up fearing for the humans who contact him . At the same time , you feel his rage .
The chimp comes out of it well . Homo sapiens , of course , is found wanting .
In Project Nim Marsh is much less concerned with the scientific results of the study than he is with the behavior of the human beings involved , particularly Dr. Terrace whose behavior was , to put it mildly , not a credit to his species .
As a cinema experience , Project Nim was never likely to reach the heights of Marsh 's Man on Wire , but the eccentricities of his story made it well worth telling .
One of the best documentaries of the year .
A documentary , stunningly watchable , about the 1970s American research team that explored the `` educability '' of a chimpanzee .
The saddest part is seeing him being given to a family with no expertise with animals or sign language and then having to adapt to too many different and increasingly restrictive types of lifestyles as he 's moved from one place to another .
Intriguing yet ineffably sad , what emerges is not the story of an ape who failed to be human , but a story of human failings .
Nim 's journey is profoundly moving ...
You 're left with the impression that , despite not being able to grasp basic human grammar , perhaps Nim was unwittingly conditioned into understanding the concept of love .
Gives us jolt of clarity into our ` playing God ' actions , one filled initially with both hope then despair that ultimately makes you ashamed to be human .
Gripping , heart-wrenching , powerful and a sad indictment of scientific practice , which shows that ` human ' and ` humane ' are all-too-often mutually exclusive .
We are uncomfortably reminded throughout the film that all living creatures have worth . Including man-made hybrids . Correction : especially man-made hybrids .
Project Nim introduces quite an extraordinary tale of woe from a puzzling subject , but its aim is slightly off , diluting the final summation of a wholly troubling existence .
What appears to be a slyly amusing film about an experiment that sounds mostly just goofy turns into a reasonably serious indictment of those conducting the experiment .
Director James Marsh -LRB- an Oscar winner for Man on Wire -RRB- charts the heartbreaking and often incredible events without ever veering towards mawkish sentimentality .
Marsh 's sensitive doc is a light look at some dark clues to the kind of creatures we really are .
This non-fiction animal biography deserves recognition for a brilliant editing job in condensing the running time to 93 minutes .
For the second film in a row , Marsh has created a movie we ca n't keep our eyes off .
Project Nim provides the much needed backstory to modern scientific achievement unavoidably earned on the backs of innocent apes .
It 's the scab of decades-old tension between those involved in the experiment and its aftermath that Marsh wants to pick at ; and it does n't take much prodding before the conflicts and petty human jealousies rise to the top .
The result is as scarring and engrossing as it is fascinating , infuriating and profound .
It 's an astonishing story , and one of the year 's best documentaries .
A stellar documentary ...
Marsh ... masterfully spins a harrowing tale of human arrogance that eventually gives way to cruelty bordering on the pathological .
As Nim 's story turns from scientifically compelling to tragic , Marsh is able to craft a drama that appeals even to those who are n't exactly card-carrying members of PETA .
Enough irony here to power a half dozen relationship dramas , skillfully directed by Marsh .
As in `` Man on Wire , '' Marsh shows smooth craft and a sharp eye , and `` Project Nim '' is at once astounding and infuriating .
Nim is as unforgettable as the treatment of him is unspeakable .
Like the experiment itself , `` Project Nim '' morphs from something inspiring and often humorous to a pointed and disturbing portrait of arrogance run amok . Greed and glory end up overriding decency and altruism , and it 's heartbreaking to watch .
Very strong and takes more than a few pages out of the Errol Morris playbook .
Fascinating and exquisitely executed .
If movies about talking cars or warlike robots do n't interest you , Project Nim is the latest documentary -LRB- following Buck -RRB- to offer a satisfying , adult alternative . It tells a story that is both stranger and more thought-provoking than ...
A probing exploration -- at times painfully so -- of humankind 's arrogance as well as of the moral superiority some other species unwittingly possess . One of the five best documentaries of 2011 .
Fascinating characters ... inescapably provokes consideration of the human animal 's primal nature .
After watching `` Project Nim , '' a distressing portrait of a misguided 1970s language experiment , you 'll be glad you 're not a chimp in a cage . But you might want to revoke your membership in the human race .
What makes this film especially engrossing is that what happened between that chimp and the humans with whom he spent his life in intimate contact turns out to be only half the story that Marsh , who directed the electrifying `` Man on Wire , '' has to tell .
Marsh tells this story clearly and sympathetically , and he has the backlog of film and the witnesses to do so .
At times hilarious but ultimately heartbreaking , `` Project Nim '' is a great chronicle of the 1970s and all the nutty ideas that implies ; academia in particular comes in for a hard reckoning .
Affecting chimpanzee docu is more than monkey business .
Though Marsh 's Errol Morris-like style can get glib , it never gets boring .
The film as a whole maintains a precarious but rewarding balance between multi-generational soap opera and simplistic animal-rights agitprop .
Director James Marsh smartly , slyly suggests through cinematic style that Project Nim was far from an authentic scientific experiment .
Extraordinarily evolved documentary , proving it 's ethically and emotionally devastating to monkey with nature .
The ` nature vs. nurture ' debate rarely explores each side so literally and so closely .
As he did in Man on Wire , Marsh seamlessly integrates dramatized shots and scenes with authentic home-movie and news footage of Nim and his human companions . I 've never been a fan of recreations in documentaries , but Marsh uses them better than ...
For a film where so many people seem , in varying degrees , culpable , Marsh indulges in very little finger-pointing . He does n't need to . The indignities are hiding in plain sight .
Marsh never speaks on or off camera , but his editing of the testimony makes clear his belief that in trying to make Nim more human , his teachers made themselves less so .
It 's a gripping , unsentimental , at times unbearably sad real-life drama about an animal torn from his own world and stranded in the human one .
A focused , very good documentary instead of the great one that could have been crafted from this bizarre true tale with a bit more scope .
Yet another captivating , heartfelt , provocative and stylishly edited documentary from the brilliant James Marsh .
A documentary detailing man 's inhumanity to beast , `` Project Nim '' ends up going past that to ask a deeper , disturbing question : Just who is the man , and who is the beast ?
If only this were a media-fueled tall tale and not one poor creature 's lifelong nightmare .
A darkly hilarious social portrait of the bizarre alternate universe of 1970s academia and an extraordinary biography of a non-human individual , on whom all sorts of human desires and ideologies were projected .
Brilliant , provocative , clear of eye and heavy of heart ...
Forget the chimp nature vs. nurture angle , someone should study the humans .
another singular case exploited and expanded to look ordinary
` Project Nim , ' an enthralling and appalling documentary by James Marsh , chronicles the collision of two species .
Mr. Marsh , by allowing those closest to Nim plenty of room to explain themselves , examines the moral complexity of this story without didacticism .
Animal activists should push for public awareness of ` Project Nim ' and its sourcebook , Elizabeth Hess ' ` Nim Chimpsky : The Chimp Who Would Be Human . '
An astonishing documentary about a chimp raised as a human and the calamitous consequences .
Sexual politics , family dynamics , the debate over heredity versus environment , and the dubious ethics of scientific research on animals are rigorously explored in this ambitious , bittersweet work .
A very absorbing film .
Very quickly it becomes clear that the life of Nim Chimpsky is foremost a story about the human animal , and human behavior .
`` Project Nim '' is practically irresistible . The story keeps getting odder and richer and more complicated .
Easily positions -LSB- James -RSB- Marsh at the forefront of contemporary non-fiction filmmaking .
James Marsh 's film is more than a cautionary tale - it 's a horror story ... Nim is a victim of human caprice in the name of science .
Project Nim borrows a page or nine from the Errol Morris handbook , crafting its extraordinary story out of an operatic mix of crisply framed interviews , archival footage , and well-staged recreations .
The good news is that the film 's stylistic excesses do n't negate the many fascinating aspects of Nim 's story .
Marsh 's film remains a deeply haunting portrait of the unbridgeable gap between kindred species .
A must-see not only for the crucial tale it tells , but also as a wildly enjoyable , passionate and poignant piece of cinema .
Project Nim will be considered amongst the best docs of the year and another brilliant piece of work from Marsh .
James Marsh spins another gripping , if occasionally superficial , true-life yarn in his follow-up to the Oscar-winning doc Man on Wire .
Marsh 's documentaries are inspired fusions of content and style , and here , the artistry intensifies the pain .
It 's dispiriting to see James Marsh deploy a rhetorical strategy of simply assuming human/chimp equivalence in order to stoke outrage at Nim 's post-experiment treatment .
British filmmaker James Marsh recreates this tale of an ambitious primate language study through traditional face-the-camera interviews , clever graphics and dramatic recreations . A powerful musical score adds gravitas .
Filmmaker Marsh follows up the amazing Man on Wire with another thoroughly gripping narrative documentary , this time telling the life story of a chimpanzee that was raised as a human .
Project Nim , a fascinating and in many ways tragic documentary , takes us back to one of the high-water marks of the apes-are-people-too era .
James Marsh 's Project Nim ruminates on ideas of ` nature versus nurture ' but these are by no means the only contentious issues raised in this complex , heartbreaking work .
Full of twists and turns like a thriller , James Marsh 's compelling docu deals with provocative and timely issues , such as biological versus cultural determinism .
An impressively directed , superbly edited and utterly riveting tale with an endlessly fascinating collection of twists and turns and some intriguing points to make about both animal and human behaviour .
Like many other good docs , this one leaves the audience thinking about the validity of the experiments .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- More than just a brilliant documentary , `` Project Nim '' is a unique cinematic experience .
This sad , informative film is a high-quality documentary and another feather in the cap of James Marsh .
This portrait of Nim probably tells us a lot more about human behavior than it does about the chimp at its center , also offering sociological perspectives over the changing times .
A story both infuriating and complex as revealed by director James Marsh , who won an Oscar for his last film , the brilliant Man On Wire ...
Here 's a documentary so slick , novel , touching and outrageous that your first thought might be `` This has to be fake . ''
The film takes pleasure in revealing the dysfunctional nature of its human characters , who are shown to be hugely fallible , much to the detriment of Nim 's well being .
The first great documentary of 2011 ... James Marsh has done it again .
Project Nim certainly tugs on the heartstrings but the movie earns it because the story is so unique .
A gripping animal biopic that takes audiences on a journey that begins with laugher , amusement and bemusement and ends , in the case of several viewers around me , with tears .
A provocative and surprisingly emotional saga that ranges from wrenching to downright hilarious as it spans more than a quarter-century of unpredictable twists .
A thorough and provocative portrait , which shies away from anthropomorphising Nim as much as possible - accentuating his animal nature as well as what might be considered more `` human '' attributes .
'70s hippie scientists were messed up .



@highlight

Equal parts hilarious , poignant , and heartbreaking , Project Nim not only tells a compelling story masterfully , but also raises the flag on the darker side of human nature .