It 's the film equivalent of having a gun put to your head by someone who is intent on getting you to understand that women are incomplete if they 're not mothers .
This very typical romantic comedy flubs details repeatedly in order to reach the moments that it wants to reach .
About as funny as lice .
The title could easily apply to star Sarah Jessica Parker , for how such a charmless actor has maintained such career longevity and popularity is a marvel .
This movie goes nowhere , says nothing and does it all with about as much stylistic flourish as a lazy yawn .
Tepid .
A serviceable comedy about women who want to ` have it all , ' ` I Do n't Know How She Does It ' takes a look at a working mother who faces the challenge of balancing her career and her family .
If you enjoyed Sex and the City , you 'll like this funny , sassy and fast-paced melting pot of domestic and business chaos , where the key to juggling is throwing , not catching
Too real to be escapist and too sitcom-ish to be realistic ... not dramatic enough to be a drama , not comedic enough to be comedy ... .
There 's nothing particular strong or telling about its comedy .
The film uses its breezy comic tone to makes some raw points about the fidelity , motherhood and compromise .
This sappy , crappy and condescending chick flick has been slapped together for those wishing to bask in the cinematic afterglow of the ever-radiant Sarah Jessica Parker .
A good helping of amusingly sharp lines can not save this uncomfortably odd beast .
There is enough depth of drama to warrant a -LRB- short -RRB- TV series , but not a film .
What saves things from becoming entirely dreary is its cast ...
It ought to be easy to snark at this film , but the truth is it just left me feeling depressed . It 's not how they do it that mystifies me , but why .
full review at Movies for the Masses
... the only possible way that it could have possibly had a happy resolution would have been if it had somehow turned into `` Contagion '' in the second half .
I Do n't Know How She Does It is a lox -- and that may be an insult to smoked fish everywhere .
She only sort of does it .
Sarah Jessica Parker 's career no longer seems to involve acting so much as nurturing brand identity .
I do n't know how she does it . Wait , yes I do . I just do n't care .
After watching Parker giggle and whine her way through this movie the audience wo n't care how her character does it .
The film is embarrassingly unfunny , its social observations coarse and dated ...
Despite dredging up dramedy from dashing between say , Euro power lunches and racing home to defrost the caviar , the movie does manage to stay afloat , owing to that SJP charm and anti-chick flick admonition : ` Trying to be a man is a waste of a woman . '
Ill-conceived and ill-timed , this unfunny yuppies ' lament could n't be more insulting to single parents , women , or anyone struggling to make a living . Excuse me while I cry as success ruins the characters ' perfect lives .
If you are looking for a laugh this weekend , you might want to look elsewhere .
What easily could and should have been wicked satire in bringing down the still lingering traditions of double standards ends up lacking teeth and thus gums the viewer into a state of boredom . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
This is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food . It goes down easy and may not be the most nutritious meal , but if you 're in the mood for it , nothing else will do .
SJP 's superficial balancing act predictably collapses .
Oh , look , it 's rich people in beautifully appointed houses and they 're worried that the nanny might not arrive on time for them to make important morning meetings at work . Boo-hoo .
Sarah Jessica Parker is engaging as always but there is nothing in the way of a story surprise here .
There are plenty of skilled people behind this female-empowerment movie , but the film badly botches its core message .
It 's not worth the quality time you could be spending with your children or the extra change in your wallet .
To make matters worse , the movie does n't really have a true resolution and 90 minutes later I 'm still not sure how she does it .
The plot glides effortlessly from conflict to resolution , convincing us you can have your cake and eat it .
This film takes the most wrenching and universal dilemma of family life and turns it into a sitcom-y love letter to Sarah Jessica Parker .
In the chick-flick world , hell is other women , and here specifically it 's the stay-at-home wife and mother .
I not only have nothing nice to say about this movie , but it also is so bad it is a struggle to say anything about it at all .
How nice it would have been had McKenna penned a couple of those audience-addressing interludes for Richard or Jack . What would these modern , succesful men tell us of themselves ?
I Do n't Know How She Does It purports to be about the difficult choices of modern motherhood , but it 's too prim and cautious a movie to dip a pedicured toe into the murky waters of real choice .
By using cliche characters as gags and not actually developing any of its female leads but one it simply reaffirms all the issues its story is trying to dispell .
It 's not a bad film , per se , but it 's more adequate than entertaining , more routine than recommendable .
The main problem is that this Boston-set flick quite unselfconsciously presents itself as if it were a pop-culture first to express ideas about the working-mom balancing act .
Frantic working mom tale wo n't have much teen appeal .
not the worst example of the genre . Nor is it even the worst of its own particular sub-genre , the Sarah Jessica Parker chick-flick . This should not , however , be misconstrued as an endorsement
One `` AAACK ! '' short of a Cathy comic strip .
Besides the risk of asking recession-weary 2011 audiences to sympathize with an investment banker and talk about pensions we are n't getting , the film is a misfire .
Retro disguised as modern , I Do n't Know amounts to little more than an entertaining cinematic `` tea party '' for unthinking women .
Strands a good cast and some well-observed moments of social commentary in a movie that ultimately embraces the same fantasy it supposedly set out to critique .
What should have been a challenging , inspirational , laugh-out-loud romantic comedy about a mother trying to make the best of the see-saw challenge between work and home is n't very good at all .
It examines modern motherhood in such a superficially generic way that you 'd swear the movie thinks no one has ever brought up the subject before .
Let 's start asking how she does it when she is a single mom with three kids , 10 % of the income and no full time nanny . This is where the movie loses us .
Parker 's anti-Carrie Bradshaw messiness is coupled to a horse-like grin that is both sentimental and overcooked . I do n't know how she gets away with it .
Parker contributes a performance as the flustered but determined Kate Reddy that proves that she can transcend Sex and The City .
A lot more watchable than its awful trailer indicates .
The retro cattiness of Parker 's mother-in-law and of the mothers at her kid 's school feels like it time-traveled from three decades ago .
A meager one-joke comedy peopled by stereotypes .
The film is so bad it 's hard to imagine anything saving it .
Like its main character , `` I Do n't Know How She Does It '' tries to do everything , but it does n't quite succeed .
Any working mother is bound to see herself in this . Provided she is also a fictional character on a sitcom , that is .
Pleasant but consistently rather bland , a light , low-key Lifetime movie with an A-list star and wide theatrical distribution .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's not a story . It 's a quirky Hallmark card ... A story needs conflict ; even a comedy , which this nominally is , needs drama . And there is n't any here .
Though it aims to be a sharply humorous look at the mommy wars , I Do n't Know How She Does It has nothing remotely new or comical in its arsenal .
Spiffy-looking , well-intentioned but ultimately witless .
Too much time and energy is directed toward that go-nowhere story , wasting the film 's best asset , which is the low-key , lived-in rapport between Parker and Kinnear .
A chick flick that feels thirty years behind the times .
Why was a string of sitcom problems stretched to 91 minutes ?
`` I Do n't Know How She Does It '' seems stuck in the past .
What the hell happened to Sarah Jessica Parker ?
It 's not that I Do n't Know How She Does It tells actual lies about working motherhood - many of its observations and jokes are on point - it 's just that it omits the edge , the desperation of a woman on the verge .
Leaves you wondering why nobody involved with this film seems to have ever met an actual working mother .
The `` problems '' enumerated in `` Do n't Know '' will look like appealing luxuries to many folks .
... altogether too nice , too neat and tidy , to really sell its message , but Sarah Jessica Parker is delightful here and there are enough relatable moments to give it a pass .
In describing the conflict of a woman who has it all without enjoying it all , Pearson 's book had teeth . McKenna 's screenplay has only a smile . But is it ever good to laugh .
For a film ostensibly concerned with the mess and tumult of modern life , I Do n't Know How She Does It presents some pretty pat solutions .
The film , blah from start to finish , is more likely to sour fond memories than shake off old associations .
The result is like that bake sale pie : All the ingredients are there , but it 's really sloppy and not quite fresh .
Occasionally veers so far into absurdity that it manages to make its central character - capable , smart , working mom Kate Reddy - look like a nitwit .
not spectacularly unfunny or appallingly made ; it 's just a rote treatment of a familiar subject
The performances are an understated joy , particularly Brosnan , who convinces as the not-quite-romantic interest , and Kinnear , who makes goodness believable .
It 's smart , swanky , and good-looking , but strangely , it 's not all that funny .
For a supposedly strong character , Kate infuriatingly allows herself to be victimized by everyone around her , even her kids , who withhold affection when they feel she 's gone too often because of work .
For roughly 70 minutes , I Do n't Know How She Does It comes across as smart and witty , then it throws all that away in its quest for the perfect conclusion . `` Perfect '' in this case is synonymous with `` fairy tale . ''
I Do n't Know does it with charm .
An endless , painfully predictable film that 's a few mentions of purses and closets away from being a Carrie Bradshaw : 7 Years Later spinoff .
I do n't why they made it .
Like Parker 's character , I Do n't Know How She Does It wants to have it all , and has trouble committing to a course of action .
We know how she does it . The better question is : Why should we care ?
`` I Do n't Know How She Does It '' does n't know how to do what I think it 's trying to do .
For a movie , it 's pretty good at that balancing act Kate works so hard to achieve .
For what it 's worth , Kate is Bradshaw in a blender : She still ca n't cook , but she 's embraced the state of motherhood .
How She Does , a retro -LRB- but not in a cool way -RRB- film that 's alread labeled as She Does n't , is at least two or three decades behind the zeitgeist in subject , characterization , humor or message .
I do n't know why she does it .
Subtlety is never this movie 's strong point ; then again , it 's nearly impossible to pinpoint what this movie 's strengths are .
Panders to its audience instead of challenging the sensitive juggling act that working mothers face every day . This picture is not insight , it 's a display of insipid wish fulfillment .
The idea that working moms feel the strain of achieving some balance more than working dads is nothing new . And that 's true of most everything in the movie . We 've been here and done that , repeatedly , over the past 25 years or more .
The structure does n't work and the various directorial flourishes ca n't disguise the fact that nothing really happens , plot-wise .
`` I Do n't Know How She Does It '' suggests what might have happened to Carrie if she had two kids with Mr. Big to worry about , and less time to obsess over her wardrobe .
Do you have to be a married , working mom to really appreciate this one ? Well , to be fair -LRB- one of the basic themes of this comedy -RRB- , it 's not going to hurt .
An intriguing feminist manifesto suggesting that trying to be more like a man might be a waste of a woman .
What I do n't know : why these movies keep getting made .
As retro as a Katherine Heigl chick flick .
Empathy rescues it from the brink of disaster porn -- it 's so good-hearted and optimistic that stressed-out moms will feel the flick speaks directly to them , which it does .
I Do n't Know How She Does It is a cliché-ridden , misogynistic mess .
Parker reminds you what a dizzy , all-in , high-risk comic actress she can be when she 's not too busy showing off the couture .
Fortunately McGrath ultimately moves beyond the shtick and keeps things moving at an agreeable pace , relying on his talented ensemble to capably close the deal .
How does she do it ? Simple . She does n't . And neither does this movie .



@highlight

A limp comedy with a hopelessly outdated viewpoint on gender , featuring Sarah Jessica Parker in rote Carrie-mode .