A passionate , wrenching and genuinely complete portrait of a human being in flux .
Blue Is the Warmest Colour is the only mainstream film so far to treat a lesbian affair on equal terms with a heterosexual one . This is a proper romance , with all the usual jealousies and tiny idiocies .
... the film explores what they call love : how it grows , with the dependence of the other , when one does not expand oneself . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a very human film and is all the more painful for it .
Largely what is wrong with Kechiche 's overdirected ecstatic scenes is artistic ; they go on too long and are emotionally uninformative , almost comedically ungainly and dull to watch , as most long sex scenes are .
The film is as much about feeling connected to someone as it is about feeling disconnected . Watching Adele dance in different situations lets us gauge her comfort level .
A beautiful , moving , highly emotional piece of drama featuring unquestionably exhausting work from its two female leads .
A visceral tale which wants to get in your face to challenge your notions of sexual identity and love .
Blue is the Warmest Color may lure people in with its graphic , Gallic eroticism , but its universal tale of doomed endless love will most likely be the thing everyone will leave out the theater talking about .
This steamy tour de force will leave you squirming in your seat -- for one reason or another .
Heavy French drama with explicit sex , mature themes .
It 's très French and tantalizing in all the right ways , underscored by the way Kechiche ends the film : with pointed ambiguity .
Blue is the Warmest Colour is a wonderful film : tender , raw , honest , sad and performed with intensity .
Blue is the Warmest Color is about people , not flesh , about letting all boundaries go and giving into desire and pleasure , about devouring a lover and being devoured .
Mr. Kechiche and Ms. Lacroix 's gravest missteps here are their depictions of homophobia and the LGBT community itself .
Exarchopoulos ' performance is a miracle , with every raw emotion rippling across her yearning , endlessly expressive face .
The central romance is told beautifully , and the two leads give dazzling performances .
I have to admit the film got under my own skin and not simply as voyeurism
An emotional and engrossing experience told in extreme close-up .
A fierce and honest drama about a French teenager -LRB- Adele Exarchopoulos , just fantastic -RRB- discovering , exploring and understanding her own sexuality .
Kechiche captures a staggeringly intense amount of orality : kissing , smoking , talking , spitting , -- ing and eating , oh , such eating . As his game gamine , Adèle Exarchopoulos is sexual , and sexualized , but her embodiment of oral desire is ravishing .
We have Kechiche to thank for this wonderful movie that celebrates gay love -LRB- and sex -RRB- in all its messiness and truth .
It is not cheerful , hopeful , or profound : it just is .
The film would have benefited from more editing , but it is nevertheless a compelling , troubling and touching study of adolescence and same-sex relationships .
Something must be said for a film that 's three hours long and remains this consistently engaging .
Viewed independently of the argy-bargy surrounding it , Blue Is the Warmest Colour is simply a remarkable work of cinema .
Scene after scene brings truthfulness and insight into the at times difficult relationship .
There have been many films about the confusion of adolescence and the difficulty of coming out ... but he makes the material fresh by understating the subtext while concentrating on the immediate experiences of the characters .
A tender , at times devastating portrayal of the lifespan of a relationship , one that 's as convincing and intimate as any you 've ever seen on screen .
Rather than lead us by the hand to a predetermined destination , this is a film that asks us to stand back and observe .
Blue is the Warmest Colour is actually a far more thoughtful film about sex , mature relationships and modern love than its soft-core trappings and avant-garde buzz might otherwise suggest .
Once you begin to feel its rhythms , the film 's mastery is undeniable .
A riveting coming of age story that should have universal applicability .
Its biggest charm lies in the understated yet giving and uninhibited performances of its leads ... but not all three hours ' worth of scenes deserve to be there .
Cannes winner Blue is the Warmest Colour details a relationship forming and curdling in graphic fashion -LRB- much like in the way the director 's own relationship to his stars has curdled so publicly in the months since its big win -RRB- .
It may be overshadowed by its controversial and graphic sex scenes , but the passion runs far beyond the sheets in this explosive and revelation-filled coming of age story that explores sexuality , desire , love and commitment
So here 's another male hetero critic chiming in on the greatness of Blue Is the Warmest Color . I will at least keep it brief .
Come to Blue Is the Warmest Colour without preconceptions , and it 's hard not to be overwhelmed by the intensity of the drama and the integrity of the performances .
The sex is specific ; everything else the two young women do is utterly general . Hearts will break but life goes on .
One of the ten best films of 2013 and two best foreign language films of 2013 -LRB- paired with `` Aftermath '' -RRB- .
Except for the elephant in the room , a decent portrait of a relationship
Cannes winner takes a frank approach to sex and relationships
Adèle and Emma have stayed with me since I left the cinema . Blue is the Warmest Colour is one of the year 's best .
Encarar o filme como `` uma história de lésbicas '' é reduzir suas personagens às suas orientações sexuais em vez de perceber que o que vivem é universal e reflete a humanidade falha , atrapalhada e comovente de todos nós .
These characters - and by extension , the film - are open books in both the sex and the drama .
To think of it simply as visual pleasure is only looking skin deep .
Blue is the Warmest Color makes a more mundane case too , that this film , for all its claims to truth and truthful fantasy , is shaped by limits , whether or not it acknowledges them .
`` Blue '' Far More than its Rating Suggests
As pure an example of humanistic empathy as you 're likely to find .
Blue Is the Warmest Color unfurls at its own languorous pace , allowing the characters to reveal themselves naturally , rather than through narrative urgency .
Both Seydoux and Exarchopoulos are superb , and , yes , the sex is plentiful and hot .
After their clothing is shed , the remaining narrative is little more than a relationship soap opera .
Bold coming-of-age lesbian drama , that makes you care about its young heroine .
This film is nearly three hours long , but it held my interest throughout because I cared about these characters and what happens to them . This is a strong film which has won some awards and will probably win some more .
... an impressive , ambitious work that features ... remarkably naturalistic performances and demonstrates a genuine feel for how all of us , regardless of inclination , learn to live with love , or without it , in our own messy and overcomplicated human ways .
Adèle Exarchopoulos 's performance as Adèle is exceptional as she deals with family , peer jealousy , education and her volcanic sexuality with Emma -LRB- Léa Seydoux -RRB- all at the same time .
A sensitive and beautiful film - one that contains genuine insight into the power of human connection , be it romantic , sexual , or some combination of both .
Exarchopoulos proves to be an actress of interior strength , aching vulnerability and searing sensuality as the central figure in Abdellatif Kechiche 's self-discovery classic .
Through it all we never doubt that the love between them is real , that they are both caught in the throes of an unruly , intoxicating passion that occasionally threatens to engulf and overwhelm them .
Two fearless performances and three hours later , the movie succeeds in bringing such emotional complexity to life that its easy to relate to for anyone who has been in love .
At a party for Emma , a Louise Brooks film plays in the background . Brooks was a natural screen icon and both of these astonishing actresses share her intensity .
The explicit segments are only half the story in this rewarding , beautifully-acted French film about the trials and tribulations of young love .
It 's a spellbinding piece of acting . Exarchopoulos is not so much an open book as an uncorrected proof , every idle desire and surging daydream splashed across her face , waiting to be edited and inhibited by experience .
The camera brilliantly demonstrates how love feels : the slightly paranoid , deeply hysterical and hugely inaccurate super-concentration on one other person to the absolute exclusion of everything else .
Stunningly shot and superbly written , this is a powerfully emotional French drama told with raw honesty , thanks to assured direction and a sensational lead performance from Adele Exarchopoulos .
A beautifully crafted romantic drama , and greater than the sum of its parts .
Blue is the Warmest Colour is mostly tremendous , and anchored by two of the year 's most fiercely committed performances .
The surprise winner of the top prize at Cannes , this three-hour French drama is unlike any movie we 've ever seen , getting so deeply under the skin of its central character that we find universal truths in the story even if we ca n't identify with it .
More than just a love story , this Palme d'Or winning French drama depicts a primal hunger - for love , sex and a sense of belonging .
Kechiche touches on issues of not only gender , age , and sexuality , but also socioeconomic class . And if the movie does n't quite seem to know when to end , it 's because the director ca n't bear to say goodbye to these fascinating , fully-formed characters .
Fearless , relatable and beautiful , this is one of the year 's best . Holding you so close for so long , you wo n't want to break free .
Anchored by two of the most natural , committed performances you 'll ever see , Blue Is The Warmest Colour is the most moving love story of the year .
Tease -LSB- s -RSB- out the provocative and liberating properties of art . Add extraordinary , emotionally generous performances , and Blue Is the Warmest Color grasps enough moments of truth to justify its extensive reach .
No matter the orientation of the protagonists , few love stories in cinema history have so thoroughly , so realistically and so beautifully catalogued the minutiae and essences of a romantic relationship .
Kechiche 's message ? Love is extreme .
`` Blue is the Warmest Color '' is a beautifully imperfect film about a beautifully imperfect love affair .
Teen actress Adèle Exarchopoulos , more than anyone or thing , makes `` Blue is the Warmest Color '' glow .
Early in the film , a literature teacher defines tragedy as ` the unavoidable ' ; if Adele ca n't help her love for another woman , is her sexuality , by this logic , therefore tragic ?
The bravery , vulnerability and risks of Exarchopoulos and Seydoux 's performances multiplies exponentially in the final act , and the result is a revelatory love story that delights , shatters , bruises and lingers in the memory . One of the year 's best .
It features a performance from 19-year-old Adele Exarchopoulos that is shatteringly fresh and raw , one that puts her on the map and breaks the audience 's heart .
This may be the first awards-gobbling , brutally honest look at lovers that only features one knock-down , drag-out fight .
The sex scenes here look more like a lot of hard work than an outburst of passion . Gynecological ? Perhaps . Erotic ? Perhaps not .
Ultimately , it is mainly the electrifying performances that Kechiche presumably elicited from Seydoux and Exarchopoulos that make Blue Is the Warmest Color a memorable film , however flawed .
Hitchcock would like what director Abdellatif Kechiche did in Blue Is the Warmest Color . He made all of his audience into voyeurs .
Blue is the Warmest Colour is too exceptional a film to be defined by its controversy .
An astounding , complex film about the ecstasy , the danger and the beauty of love .
A film about an unfulfilling relationship between two young French women , Blue Is the Warmest Color is an exploration of lesbianism made by someone who has no understanding of the same sex dynamic .
Beyond this provocation , the movie might have paid attention to what else it had to say rather than treat other elements as unexplored digressions .
-LSB- Seydoux and Exarchopoulos ' -RSB- fearlessness allows the performances to transcend the schlockey text , and raise Blue is the Warmest Colour to a level of competent soap opera with sexy bits and two well-crafted emotional arcs at the core .
Blue is a coming-of-age story that 's only partly a coming-out story .
One of the year 's best films .
Deeply well-drawn characters , and Adele Exarchopoulos and Lea Seydoux deliver excellent performances . We feel their triumphs , their frustrations and their heartbreak .
A love story so erotically charged that it short circuits our higher functions .
Judges at Cannes bestowed the Palme d'Or on the movie , for the first time including lead actors as recipients . The gesture seems like a generous tip for several minutes of a somewhat live sex show , skimpily as of the story plays out over three hours .
Forget the controversy and see Blue is the Warmest Color for what it truly is : a warm and compassionate ode to the vagaries of the heart .
Exarchopoulos takes the movie back from those gazing upon her , whoever they may be , and returns it to Adele , her character .
This is exquisite , vital and very brave filmmaking .
The film has become noteworthy for its extended graphic sex sequences , but it shows depth in its exploration of sexual identity and socioeconomic class .
This exploration of tumultuous romance is rare in its scope and frankness .
Blue Is the Warmest Color has its wobbles , but Exarchopoulos will knock you sideways .
The more wondrous things about `` Blue Is the Warmest Color '' include its emotional honesty , precision , abandon and need .
Banned in Idaho , but not in Boston ! Lives up to the hype . Rapturous .
This three-hour portrait of a young French woman named Adèle -LRB- Adèle Exarchopoulos -RRB- captures the dizzying , all-consuming ardor of first love , the joyous discovery of bringing your body and mind into union with another human being .
This is about one girl 's cautious steps into first love , and how she deals with the joys , pains , comforts , and insecurities that come with being in an adult relationship .
The final act of Blue Is the Warmest Color is the film 's strongest and most painfully honest ...
It 's not a masterpiece . Almost every scene could have been shortened by at least 10 seconds , but the 2 lead actresses bring an undeniable power to their characters making this a very honest , raw , intimate and genuine love story .
Make no mistake , `` Blue Is the Warmest Color '' constitutes a breakthrough , in addition to being the best film of 2013 .
I 'm all for slower movies , and longer movies , films that reflect the rhythms of life . But many sequences here that are elongated to the point where the spell wanes .
A great movie .
The film 's French title is `` The Life of Adèle , Chapters 1 and 2 . '' At the fade-out , you feel , with sympathy and hope , how much more lies ahead of her .
So full of passions and appetites , it 's impossible for it not to exhaust you . Yet , is n't too much of a good thing better than not enough of it ?
About our appetites-for love , connection , life fully and vibrantly lived-and how , at the end of the day , we still end up hungry .
Quel dommage . It 's a bore .
Some great , brave performances . There 's undoubtedly something special here
Paints the whole picture -LSB- of young love and heartbreak -RSB- with devastating , blissful accuracy .
Blue is also one of the season 's most emotionally engaging and complicated movies ; it is to the credit of everyone involved that , ultimately , the sex scenes are the least interesting thing about the film .
The same bedroom liberation and vaginal alchemy could be communicated with a little more taste and economy , but that 's not Kechiche 's style . He wants the audience to feel every second of the work .
Ultimately and brilliantly about differing expectations for personal and creative fulfillment .
It 's an almost overpowering experience - a movie that transcends voyeurism and invites empathy .
The sexiest movie since 9 1/2 WEEKS . At it 's heart , a sensitive - even innocent - love story .
What makes this melancholy relationship drama play out as more than a hot lesbian remake of Annie Hall is the vibrant connection between the two gifted actresses at its center .
For three full hours , `` Blue is the Warmest Color '' pulls us into a celebration of first love in all its glory and pain . It 's thoroughly engrossing and Exarchopoulos and Seydoux could n't be truer .
It comes alive because of its raw , pure , unadulterated emotions displayed unflinchingly onscreen . Adèle and Emma are the kind of characters that linger in your mind long after the end credits roll which is a true testament to the film 's power .
The two actresses , seen up close or from far away , are extraordinary . The emotional trajectory of their passion is entirely believable and ultimately heartbreaking .
An absorbing , relatable story that also achieves an intimacy and raw emotional power .
Feels overlong , but by the end the storytelling has a cumulative power .
Love hurts in Blue Is the Warmest Color . That 's why it sticks with you .
An undeniably moving picture which is both problematic and astonishingly acted , sometimes frustratingly wrongheaded and occasionally lit by flashes of insight .
A routine love story elevated by one of the year 's most magnetic performances .
The film is like a tough exam that everybody aced . The director , the actresses , the moviegoer - we all deserve a très bien .
A knockout star performance by 19-year-old Adèle Exarchopoulos , whose pillowy lips and guileless eyes illuminate every scene .
It 's less an important movie than just a really good one , very deeply emotional , well-acted , and filled with human nuance .
It 's perhaps the first great love story of the 21st century that could belong only to this century .
Pretentiously half-justified by a quotation from Sartre , facial close-ups are incessant and unwittingly humorous in this overlong dramatic love story .
There 's nothing particularly surprising here . Not even the rather tediously obvious 15-minute all-nude lesbian f*ck fest .
The truth of its emotionally raw , romantic drama is eternal and universal .
The performances are nothing less than astonishing .
One of the most beautiful movies .
Unabashedly romantic in the grandest , tear-stained way , ` Blue is the Warmest Color ' is also a strangely empty epic of the heart .
For its intelligence , sensual daring and fecund human empathy , this film won the Palme d'Or at Cannes , and you can certainly see why .
A fairly simple , unevenly told and expertly acted romance about two young French women in love .
While the director takes care to show how Adèle struggles with social pressure , hiding her sexuality from her friends and parents , that aspect never hijacks the narrative . This is a drama of self-discovery , not a social-issues film .
Abdellatif Kechiche 's electrifying drama makes the intimate epic , turning those particulars into the fullest possible imagining of a teenage girl 's life .
Somehow Seydoux and Exarchopoulos manifest an idea of desire , a mood that performers and directors often fail to capture even when there 's good on-set chemistry .
How can a movie this good feel so wrong ?
It earns its NC-17 , all right .
From the moment when Adèle first catches sight of Emma , on a busy crosswalk , the movie restores your faith in the power of the coup de foudre and yet redoubles your fear of its effect ; love , like lightning , can both illuminate and scorch .
The movie goes on for three hours without an emotional letup-it 's finally overwhelming .
Lesbian passion is on display in France in a film that allows us to see why life 's pleasures are defined by the French phrase `` joie de vivre . ''
The most explicit organ in Blue Is the Warmest Color , believe it or not , is the heart .
A creative and well-acted story about the explosive firepower of sexual desire as a tricky force that can bring both gratification and frustration , sweetness and bitterness , pleasure and pain .
Slow , low-key and often beautifully observed , Blue Is the Warmest Colour wo n't blow your mind , but it will charm your socks off .
As he did in The Secret of the Grain , Kechiche uses cooking and eating as keys to character and relationships .
Abdellatif Kechiche 's controversy-mired , Cannes-winning film about love 's first blush , its carnal extremes and heart-wrenching dissolution may be the most intensely involving film you will see all year .
Seydoux and Exarchopoulos deliver worthy performances , but Kechiche mishandles his ultrawidescreen frame by shooting almost every scene in the same shallow-focus medium close-up .
Abdellatif Kechiche reveals through his sense of composition , and collaboration with his remarkable actresses , a sensitivity to emotional nuance that 's striking .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Blue is the Warmest Color '' is a monumental cinematic achievement that must be experienced by anyone passionate about film .
It is a lovely movie , albeit one which is so thorough and single-minded in intent , that it does n't really leave anything much to ponder after the lights have gone up .
The movie feels far more about Mr. Kechiche 's desires than anything else .
Though nobody states it outright , `` Blue is the Warmest Color '' elegantly tussles with the idea of reconciling desire with other factors involved in the cultivation of healthy companionship .
Blue Is The Warmest Color is familiar in its broad outline but bracingly specific in its minute details , and it traffics in feelings so raw that they 're almost painful to observe .
A sprawling , emotionally absorbing tale of young love from Franco-Tunisian auteur Abdellatif Kechiche .
It 's a measure of the honesty and generosity of Kechiche 's storytelling that the picture 's explicit sexuality and extreme running time feel consistent with his raw , sensual embrace of all aspects of life .
The trajectory of life in `` Blue Is the Warmest Color '' is grounded in the normalcy of the ordinary , and Kechiche depicts love of any persuasion as the stuff of everyday .
The bedroom scenes are to be taken in the context of an emotionally and psychologically rich drama that touches more nerves , more satisfyingly , than most realist narrative manages .
Warmest Colour gets closer to accurately charting the dynamics of romantic love than any picture in recent memory .
Forget the on-screen sex , it 's the emotions that are too explicit .
A beautiful , wise , erotic , devastating love story .
A shattering masterpiece about sexual awakening , heartbreak , and self-discovery .
Committed performances , finely nuanced filmmaking choices and an absorbingly epic scope all add up to something quite extraordinary .
Kechiche captures the ecstatic highs and punishing lows of matters of the heart with piercing proficiency .
If I ca n't quite get beyond a kind of clinical admiration for the film , it 's due to Kechiche 's unadorned vérité aesthetic , a cinema consciously bereft of the poetic flourish-for me a fault , for others a benefit .
If you do n't see yourself in its depiction of intense emotion I both envy and pity you .
You realise the film has won your heart without ever really asking for it , and you leave the cinema utterly lovesick .
This is absolute cinema , absolute characterization , absolute storytelling , controlled and compassionate , and bursting with empathy and life ... this is really the kind of film we come to Cannes in hopes of discovering .
An intimate epic in every sense of the term , its every subtle emotional turn rendered widescreen on -LSB- Adèle -RSB- Exarchopoulos 's exquisitely expressive face .
It 's a long movie , and by the end you may well feel every bit as wrung out as the characters . But it is genuinely passionate film-making .

@highlight

Raw , honest , powerfully acted , and deliciously intense , Blue Is the Warmest Color offers some of modern cinema 's most elegantly composed , emotionally absorbing drama .