It defies categorisation , which I love , and defies logic , which is very European . But it 's also clever , funny and compelling
An interesting , if high minded , concept film that is nothing without its performers .
The sort of movie that would probably appeal to Ryan Reynolds ' detractors ...
August is on solid ground when he 's riffing on Stephen King and celebrities , but he 's stretching when he tries to be David Lynch , which would require a distinctly different kind of brain damage .
August may be peddling some absurd New age `` secret '' , but at least it allows him the benefit of stronger and more coherent storytelling .
Em sua estréia como diretor de longas , August faz jus à inteligência de seu roteiro intrincado , criando uma história tensa e instigante que surpreende tanto como ficção quanto como reflexão metafísica/religiosa . Além disso , o elenco revela-se fortíssimo .
When I read that Ryan Reynolds was playing not one , but three characters in this movie -- one of whom is gay -- my ticket pretty much bought itself . They had me at ` himbo ' .
Overall , I responded to The Nines as a sly Cronenbergian chess game of the mind . As impenetrable as it becomes , it 's easy to perceive that this is straight-from-the-heart work from August .
The plot tumbles so far down the rabbit hole it breaks its leg and plunges the audience into the dark .
I have no clue whether this is the most religious film of the year , or the most blasphemous film of the year .
Let 's avoid such extremes , and note merely that he 's made a film that 's funny ha-ha as well as funny peculiar ; an exercise in navel-gazing that tickles all the senses .
Definitely worth a look .
It is beguilingly cuckoo , though as primitive visually as The Twilight Zone - it was shot in 22 days - and about as profound .
There are plenty of surprises in this amusing Donnie Darko-ish metaphysical thriller , but watching Van Wilder and Blade : Trinity star Ryan Reynolds flex some previously hidden acting chops is the main one .
It is pretty familiar material in some ways , and not exactly unpretentious , but very watchable .
The film puts a delightful spin on that profound and solipsistic idea that we are the godlike inventors , and moral arbitrators , of our own little worlds . A gem .
An amusing journey through the nature of reality with a bit of Hinduism thrown in that sadly collapses into new-age nonsense towards the end .
Overly gimmicky and ultimately frustrating it may be , but at its best The Nines feels like a triple-bill of ` Twilight Zone ' episodes written by Charlie Kaufman - creepy , oddball and clever .
Sometimes a product 's creative integrity requires that it not quite attain a ten - but when it comes to the cinema of big ideas , The Nines is as close to divine perfection as you are likely to get .
With McCarthy and Davis also playing two further roles with suspiciously identical initials , The Nines toys with issues of identity , duality and alternate reality certain to appeal to anyone who 's experimented with the virtual avatars of Second Life .
This overreaching , Lynch-lite comic drama is the mediocre directorial debut of screenwriter John August -LRB- ` Charlie 's Angels ' , ` Big Fish ' -RRB- and , if nothing else , demonstrates why some writers should stick to their laptops .
Absorbing , mind-bending and thoroughly engaging mystery thriller with a superb script and terrific performances from its three leads .
An intriguing post-modern take on TV , film and gaming culture , with a revelatory performance from the former Van Wilder .
Weird .
With an almost Donnie Darko sense of apocalyptic mystery , writer-director August really gets our heads spinning .
Befuddling sci-fi/thriller mix is n't for kids .
The Nines is the feature-film-directing debut from screenwriter John August , but it feels much more like some Bizarro World collaboration between Jean-Paul Sartre and Charlie Kaufman , and not in a good way , either .
The Nines is a movie that aims to raise more questions than it answers .
A valid exploration of chaos and control told by a guy who knows . Good low budget sci-fi with a hip side .
All three stories do n't congeal into the grand sum profundity that August so clearly is striving to suggest .
August the director fits a lot of architecture into his tiny spaces .
Does not work one 's id into a tizzy in the manner that Lynch 's Mulholland Drive or Ozon 's Swimming Pool , two films that bear loose association , do .
A rather aimless and convoluted brain teaser that attempts to transfer the kind of introspective discourse literary device of novels , that is best just left on the page .
The cosmic `` resolution '' that ties the stories together proves less interesting than the stories themselves .
The payoff fizzles , but the buildup is intriguing until it topples under its own weight .
The Nines , which in real life began as a TV project , wavers uncomfortably between satire and dime-store existentialism on the big screen .
The dialogue snaps , crackles and pops . And confusing as they may be , the stories are never boring .
Bright and vicious , desperate and cruel , the characters of the first two stories pop with a kind of nihilistic joie de vivre that makes you want to hug them and kill them at once .
Confusing ? Yes , and intentionally so . But it 's never boring .
The Nines is a philosophical mind teaser with satirical fangs .
This fascinating puzzle box of a movie is so clever it almost feels like a stunt - an attempt to keep so many balls in the air that you marvel at the filmmaker 's technical facility .
The Nines is imaginative and intriguing , but not enough so to keep from alienating some viewers who will be bewildered by the film 's existential overtones .
Clever and fun with compelling lead performances ... Maybe it 's all a message of sympathy for the fourth , unseen Reynolds before us , the one we stop thinking about who only exists after the last frame of The Nines runs through the projector .
So unspeakably bad is screenwriter John August 's debut as director , so hilariously unaware is the film of its overweening pretensions that it 's tempting to want to deem it a Hollywood writer 's fever dream .
The sharpest , subtlest satire of a California stereotype since Evan Rachel Woods ' ... in the too-little-seen Pretty Persuasion .
In each segment , Reynolds -LRB- who gives the movie his all but gets little in return -RRB- finds himself haunted in some way by the titular numeral -- a feeling likely to be shared by anyone who spends about that many dollars on a ticket .
Is n't funny enough to be classified as a comedy , weird enough to attract cult attention , nor spiritual enough to be mind-blowing .
The movie never fails to be crisply written and cannily delivered , but it 's way too steeped in TV-culture inside jokes for its own good , and August 's attempts to suffuse the whole thing with ontological or theological meaning are ultimately pretty dumb .
You 'll go `` Huh ? '' but you wo n't feel cheated .
Ryan Reynolds may not be a demigod -LRB- much less a full-fledged deity -RRB- , but he plays one to sterling effect in The Nines .
It 's that increasingly rare animal , a comedy that is engaging , funny , and smart . And since this is only August 's first film , it bodes well for the future .
August 's screenplay for `` The Nines '' is fun , confusing , provocative ... And if he is n't as edgy or daring as he might be , there 's much to be said for a film that 's as entertaining and thought-provoking as the best episodes of The Twilight Zone .
A challenging loop of spiritual indecision within the confines of a city known for quick creations and their inevitable consequences .
This movie is metaphysical fun , and while some elements are predictable , it 's an engaging mystery .
The most interesting aspect is how things from one segment appear later in another and how he 's able to pull everything together in the end .
There 's more than enough intelligence , intrigue and performance dazzle to make this an adventuresome gizmo for grownups .
An offbeat , unpredictable story that plays out in parallel universes .




@highlight

Though The Nines does n't solidify as well as writer/director John August would hope for , Ryan Reynolds 's strong performance makes each of the film 's intriguing segments worth watching .