Michael Douglas goes through the motions of playing an action man in this plodding and pedestrian political suspense thriller .
An underwhelming political thriller .
Douglas possesses an everyman appeal that is used to good effect in this movie to keep the audience securely on his side .
way too predictible
The fast-food of the genre - it `` gets the job done '' and fills you up , but the hunger for more will undoubtedly return sooner rather than later .
A notch above most such throwaway thrillers .
If it were n't for the clout of its two leading men , The Sentinel would be nothing more than a made-for-cable or direct-to-DVD feature .
full review in Greek
Entertaining , certainly , and even the casual moviegoer will have seen worse this year , but this is one of those films you 'll forget you 've seen within six months .
It 's somewhat predictable and uses many cliche devices , but it keeps the audience guessing at least part of the time .
Um bom thriller que se compromete em sua metade final , quando tenta recriar a dinâmica de O Fugitivo .
The story is as compelling as watching the ink dry on a superfluous UN treaty .
More Shadow Conspiracy than In The Line Of Fire , this suffers from serious quality control issues . If you 're looking for superior suspense , buy a 24 box set instead .
Basically , it 's a treat for fans of 24 and Desperate Housewives to see Jack Bauer running around with Gabrielle Solis - they make a great double act and should be given their own show immediately .
It 's a shame that `` The Sentinel '' wastes its intelligent façade , because with all the unthrilling thrillers that have come and gone from movie screens , this one might have been worth something .
It may be slick and entertaining , but this is also one of the most careless political thrillers ever made .
The screenplay throws elements such as motive and common sense out the window in favor of derivative shootouts and chase sequences .
Pretty much in line with the majority of Hollywood thrillers that work in spite of themselves .
It looks and sounds great , but it sure could have used a more imaginative script .
No new ground was broken , but the point of this film was to entertain and it did .
There was one thing that was way better than anything on `` 24 , '' though . Her name : Eva Longoria .
There 's nothing flashy about The Sentinel , but there does n't need to be .
Clark Johnson 's slick direction and taut performances by a good cast fail to conceal the fact that the plot of George Nolfi 's script is laughably dimwitted .
Just barely `` fresh '' but really keeps your attention with unique touches which are now common in prime time dramatic television for free .
Like a poorly written episode of ' 24 '
This serviceable action thriller starts off promisingly but soon disintegrates into an implausible mess barely salvaged by the presence of old pros like Douglas and Basinger .
A generic conspiracy thriller that struggles to qualify as average .
Michael Douglas , now 61 , needs to push whatever sex appeal it is his booking agents -LRB- and the public -RRB- think he possesses . I do n't care , and neither should you .
Watching it is n't like seeing something new and exciting ; it 's like re-watching a good movie you 've already seen .
Good dumb fun .
Sometimes , as in the case of The Sentinel , a good old rat-in-the-government picture that hews to the conventions of the genre can be an enjoyable , not terribly taxing entertainment .
Here 's a TV movie that 's all dressed up with an all-star cast .
The AARP version of `` 24 , '' at least showing us something we have n't seen `` 24 's '' hero do before - sleep . It 's a pretty good indicator of the excitement and urgency in this stupid snoozer .
Wrestled to the ground by one preposterous plot turn after another .
A mediocre time-waster
Johnson doubtless planned to deliver a hand-wringing thriller filled with unexpected twists and turns , but even good intentions can find themselves caught in the line of fire .
-LSB- The film -RSB- has more holes than Bush 's war plan and employs less fluent English .
A paint-by-numbers thriller so derivative that you ca n't help but think about how much you 'd rather be watching the numerous movies it apes .
Nobody 's better than Michael Douglass as playing that guy who makes that big mistake , and then spends the rest of the movie trying to atone for it .
As producer/star , Michael Douglas usually chooses projects more intelligent and provocative than this prosaic , improbable , predictable action thriller .
worse than those episodes of 24 featuring cougars chasing Kim Bauer
Desperately wants to be as thrilling as ... In the Line of Fire , but it has much more in common -LRB- from a quality standpoint -RRB- with `` Guarding Tess .
Just good enough to not embarrass anyone involved .
Recommend this one to a friend with a bum ticker . Not a single moment in the 108-minute running time is sufficient to even quicken the pulse .
And that 's really the point here : The Sentinel is about boys , bonding , squabbling , scheming , running , and shooting . Shooting a lot .
sleepy
The characters are underwritten but the stars ' natural charisma holds our attention and keeps us on their side , the action scenes are crisply filmed , and the location shots provide an authentic feel .
A political thriller that lacks thrills -- and motivation .
Director Clark Johnson -LRB- `` S.W.A.T. '' -RRB- brings a little style to what is otherwise a pretty meat and potatoes presidential thriller with a solid if unexceptional cast .
In an age when surprise endings and indie budgets are hip and trendy , it 's nice to get a decent throwback thriller . The script may be manufactured , but the sweat stains are real .
I could identify the mole in ` The Sentinel ' the first time he appeared on camera . Do n't you hate it when that happens in a movie ?
Working with DP Gabriel Beristain , Johnson shoots the go-nowhere action with an underlit , smudgy color scheme that feels like a poor photocopy of Alejandro González Iñárritu and Fernando Meirelles 's signature cinematographic styles .
An entertaining , and at times exhilarating ride .
Without any mystery or twists , all you 're left with is a jumble that Jack Bauer and Chloe O'Brien could unravel before the first commercial break on a single episode of `` 24 . ''
Kiefer Sutherland , he 's awfully cute and all , but why would anyone pay 10 bucks to see him do what you can see him do for free every week on TV ?
If you 're going to make a movie with the same title as a second-rate horror film , it should at least be as entertaining as that second-rate horror film .
The Sentinel is not half bad , but it 's not nearly as good as it could have been .
It 's a competent but charmless , emotionally flat and dull concoction .
Director Clark Johnson ties the elements together efficiently and keeps his film on the move , the settings and Secret Service protocols seem authentic , and the performances by Douglas , Sutherland and Longoria are fine .
A well-constructed and genuinely tense thriller .
A fairly by-the-numbers route through shootings , framings , diabolical plots and lots of dark-suited Secret Service types talking frantically into their shirt cuffs . -LRB- Watch closely , and you 'll figure out pretty early who the bad seed is . -RRB-
If the movie had seized on the purely tacky melodramatic potential of the plot so far -- The Sentinel might have floated above its own silliness on bubbles of pure soap .
Everything about it says efficient , modest , small-screen production except the presence of producer-star Michael Douglas , who may finally have hit the wall of his theatrical leading-man viability .
A half-hearted exercise in political paranoia , The Sentinel unravels its wrong-man scenario with business-like efficiency and an impressively jittery visual scheme , but falls far short of providing visceral or emotional thrills .
So , although some enjoyment can be had from watching The Sentinel with an uncritical eye , it remains a deeply flawed piece of mainstream action entertainment .
A middling picture at best , it reveals some interesting inner workings of the Secret Service . At worst , it plays like a boring night of TV watched at your mom 's .
Rife with meaningless hugger-mugger , the movie is no In the Line of Fire .
Director Clark Johnson gives The Sentinel a slick , professional veneer -- visually it resembles Tony Scott 's Enemy of the State -- but there 's no disguising the story problems .
This is solid genre filmmaking that makes up for a lack of surprises with superior performances , excellent depictions of tradecraft -LRB- shades of CSI -RRB- and whiplash editing and pacing .
Who ever suspected we would reach a day when a movie looked like a skin-and-bones version of a TV show ?
Kiefer Sutherland ... plays the Secret Service agent investigating Douglas with the same clenched teeth as Jack Bauer minus the torture scenes .
The Sentinel is so bland that it wants only to be as good as TV .
A routine yet diverting political thriller ... if it does n't reach new moviemaking heights , that 's probably because it 's not aiming for them .
The story and style fit comfortably with today 's TV and movie fashions : the cop procedural , kinetic editing , a pressure-cooker job rife with competition , and a countdown to possible disaster .
It 's a direct-to-DVD-quality effort with a byzantine pulp-airport-novel plot line .
The movie goes barreling full-speed ahead in the wrong direction , as if the umpteenth film about a potential presidential assassination could possibly compare to , say , any given episode of 24 .
The Sentinel runs through its contrived and prescribed paces efficiently enough , but with minimal real tension or the kind of character involvement that really makes you invest in its outcome .
The Sentinel , a thriller that delivers a few pulse-pounding moments before running aground on its own derivativeness .
The Sentinel 's brains may be mush , but its brawn is powered by superb stunts , high-tech gizmos and a potent sense of peril .
A rather mechanical , soulless affair that avoids politics or anything else that might clearly define who these characters are and why we should care .
The Sentinel , a contrived and tepid thriller that insists on wanting to interest us in its main plot -- the usual nefarious plan to assassinate the leader of the free world .
The cat-and-mouse game between Douglas and Kiefer Sutherland -LRB- as Jack Bauer in a nicer suit -RRB- is all mouse and no cat , and the action scenes are hampered by poor shooting and slipshod editing .
There are tense situations , daring escapes , shots fired , innocent civilians at risk , foreign terrorists . What else do you need ?
A decently crafted if dull innocent-man-on-the-run drama with all the excitement of a White House press briefing . We know most of the answers before there are questions .
There are thousands of us in over-air-conditioned screening rooms all over the country , throwing our bodies between you and bad movies . When I see a bullet coming , I 'll take the hit so you do n't have to . Do n't thank me , ma'am . It 's my job .
The Sentinel is nearly suspense-free , and it 's galling to watch Sutherland take a back seat to the aging Michael Douglas .
Implausible and overdirected , The Sentinel buries a fuzzy plot under a ton of frenzied action .
The movie strains with fast cuts and Steadicam swoops to make thrilling a job that , while hardly mundane , should be routine .
C'mon , how seriously are we supposed to take a film in which the President of the United States is played by Sledge Hammer ! ???
Unabashedly , the movie aims not to be original or daring , but to keep audiences plastered to their seats . Almost always , it whole-heartedly reaches that goal .
I worry about the U.S. Secret Service , if The Sentinel is any indicator of its collective ability .
It 's as dutiful and humorless as any lesser Harrison Ford vehicle , though not as unforgivable as this year 's Ford jalopy , Firewall .
A taut thriller that will have you on the edge of your seat . It reminds you of `` 24 , '' which is a good thing , since `` 24 '' is about the best thing that ever happened to TV .
A serviceable , workaday thriller , no better or no worse than any other thriller you 've seen lately .
Can Michael Douglas still command attention at the fore of an action film ? Yes % u2026 but it 's perhaps the only interesting facet of `` The Sentinel . ''
Strictly boilerplate ... fail -LSB- s -RSB- to pursue any interesting avenues , using the cardboard characters as mere shooting-range targets .
It gets harder to believe the more the movie goes along , but it 's exciting action and it 's entertaining , so who cares if plausibility is stretched to the breaking point and beyond .
... the movie equivalent of the book you pick up to read at the beach or on a long airplane flight .
Throwing in a shoot-out here and there to keep the juices flowing , Sentinel entertains , but never convinces .
It 's obvious that nobody believed in this project longer than it took for the check to clear .
It leads to a climax that 's both confusing AND boring , which is really the only noteworthy feat the film accomplishes .
Decent , but nothing special , as an entertaining time killer and as a kind of ode to the U.S. Secret Service .
Fun , action packed movie that starts off as a complex mystery , but devolves into an implausible chase movie . Then , you realize it does n't matter because you are enjoying yourself .
... horrible , anticlimactic last two minutes mar this chase mystery , which entertains despite some sloppy story telling .
It 's a competent , if forgettable and implausible , thriller with some decent acting on the part of Sutherland and Michael Douglas as Secret Service agents .
Why would Michael Douglas attach himself to a Washington thriller as deeply ridiculous , suspense-free and potentially career-damaging as The Sentinel ?
Yes , it 's not always plausible and unapologetically by the numbers , but when the numbers are polished to such a high sheen , it would be next door to treason to complain .
Sentinel is a medium-dumb thriller that starts out with momentary promise but gets progressively sillier .
The movie keeps running in circles , creating the illusion of progress . But by the end , you 've gone nowhere . The Manchurian Candidate it is n't .
The dialogue is wooden , so are many of the subsidiary performances , but the action is often good .
At a time when American audiences seem grateful for the opportunity to drool at mindless horror trash , it is encouraging that well-crafted thrillers are still being made about characters who have dialogue , identities , motives and clean shirts .
In between is a slickly executed generic thriller that , like its humorless investigator Breckinridge , does it all by the book .
It 's a sleek piece of entertainment with attractive performers who deliver exactly what 's expected of them .
Even after you get past its familiarity , the plot is so improbably complicated that you lose confidence in it .
All this fuss and bother over a very limited leading man who has stayed too long at the fair , brandishing his brawn .
The Sentinel winds up being a cool way to spend a couple of hours . For the average moviegoer of late , that 's almost joyous news .
It 's a pity that a film with so much promise descends into such lazy predictability .
After a solid first third , The Sentinel wobbles and lurches and starts unsurprising you with its unsurprises .
The Sentinel is one of those well-oiled-machine movies from Hollywood that 's slick in an inoffensive way , efficient in a give-the-viewers-what-they-want way . It has no personality per se , but that 's what a picture like this is all about .
Goes wrong on so many levels that it 's hard to believe name talent and a major studio signed on in the first place .
The actors look uniformly unhappy to be there .
One of those movies that starts out seeming very silly and grows more and more preposterous as it lurches along ... Be on guard against it .
Douglas is the same age that Eastwood 's agent was In the Line of Fire from which the tired Sentinel freely borrows . With TV appropriating the White House -LRB- West Wing , Commander in Chief -RRB- it 's time for moratorium on films about presidents and secret agents
... has the demeanor of a conspiracy theorist ... as calm and collected as a puppy trotting down the aisles of PetSmart .
The plot reassembles elements from In the Line of Fire , The Fugitive , and a dozen other films , but the result feels impressively fresh .
The Sentinel could easily pass for a generic straight-to-DVD release if it was n't for the presence of Michael Douglas .
Michael Douglas might have been hired for the star power he could bring for a good opening weekend -LSB- but -RSB- it 's ... Kiefer Sutherland who walks off with the film
Eva Longoria is the first-day-on-the-job rookie Sutherland improbably takes on as his partner . Her presence is the only irrefutable confirmation that this musty movie was indeed shot in the 21st century .
If I wrote that this is like a bad episode of 24 , that would be a compliment !
Gives a good name to the brand of cookie-cutter thriller that satisfies like no other .






@highlight

The Sentinel starts off well enough but quickly wears thin with too many plot holes and conventional action sequences .