With both of these in mind , I do see Love Songs as a worthwhile offering in a mostly forgotten genre for which I hold deep affection .
The terrific credit sequence sets the tone and the movie almost catches up .
Another pansexual odyssey from Christopher Honoré ; this one has singing
Sweetly plays on stereotypes of the French as obsessed with romance , or at least movie musicals , so regardless of any consistency or logic , love and singing conquer all .
It 's a story which Honoré describes as personal , so we must assume that there is some truth at least in the premise . But the decision to set the story to music undermines the emotional honesty that the piece might otherwise have had .
Starts well but loses its way in the middle section and never quite recovers , despite some catchy songs and decent performances .
Conceived by Honore as a tribute to a dead friend , the helmer is perhaps too close to his subject , never quite able to bring himself to linger on the grief that should be at pic 's core .
This inexpressibly tender and lovely picture suggests that -LSB- Honoré 's -RSB- developing into a major talent , one who can make the spirit of classic French movies come alive in a new world .
Sokaristiko ohi gia tin tolmi ton eikonon , i ton ideon toy , alla giati katebazei ti diastimiki apithanotita toy na brethei sokolatoyho gala ston Ari , kai soy ti serbirei me ayga kai mpeikon , les kai to pio anorthodokso pragma s ' ayto , einai oti to stayrol
As dark as these themes seem , in Honoré 's capable hands , they become almost frothy and the perfect elements for a surprisingly joyous musical .
Yes , it 's weird . But it 's wild card weird , with that thrill of never knowing what 's coming next or when these Parisians are going to get musical on us .
There 's little doubt that Love Songs ' reliance on mind-bogglingly ineffective musical numbers inevitably triggers its downfall ...
It 's one thing to emote through singing , but competing with the memory of a beloved classic is more than his gorgeous and talented cast can overcome .
You 'll laugh . You 'll swoon .
Oh , what a sweet , sad , sexy movie !
... an interesting exercise by writer/director Christophe Honore but it plays too unevenly .
-LSB- Christophe -RSB- Honore drops the brightness and joy of the form into the chilly , gray winter of Paris to explore love and loss and intimacy .
Love Songs finds the magic that the great screen musicals have -- the way a sad song can nonetheless leave an audience happy , or the way two voices blending seems to create something so much bigger .
If you love really French films , you 'll likely adore Christophe Honore 's pop-musical follow-up to Dans Paris .
Whereas Umbrellas of Cherbourg has become timeless in its depiction of romance , Love Songs strikes a strongly contemporary note in its calm acceptance of the fluidity of desire and emotion .
While the filmmaker succeeds at keeping it real most of the time , a blazing romanticism informs the whole oddly engaging endeavor ; as , of course , it should .
Honoré is not without talent , but Love Songs adds up to considerably less than the sum of its references .
I do n't know that achieving this kind of sexual freedom would be worth having to live around all these exhaustingly precocious people .
... writer-director Christophe Honoré ... fashions a 14-song musical about love and loss .
Probably not to everyone 's taste ... but the lyrical filmmaking beautifully captures the elusive complexity of love .
It 's an uneven affair , but with the delightful Garrel at the center , it 's also unexpectedly charming and occasionally even moving .
So French you may have to buy your ticket in euros , Christophe Honoré 's musical trifle feels ready-made for emotionally woozy undergraduates .
An entertaining view of love in Paris becomes a compelling story of dealing with its loss .
A bittersweet trifle one can conceivably fall in love with , and -LSB- Christophe -RSB- Honore 's best film so far .
Basically a beautiful , sophisticated soap opera punctuated by the occasional musical number
a light and playful story about sex and love but does n't really say anything specific about either one
Love Songs is definitely daring , but too much of it seems calculated to lead up to a final line about how to guard against grief : ` Love me less , but love me a long time . '
For a film roiling with so much turmoil of the heart , Love Songs generates dismayingly little emotional frisson .
Honoré 's Demy-glazed attempt to stage a contemporary romantic musical rarely attains the genre 's giddy heights or sense of genuine catharsis .
Would actually have worked , and been better off , in my opinion , if it did n't feature any of its 14 songs at all .
The melodies in Love Songs are charming and so , for the most part , is the movie , even if it does n't entirely work .
Boy loves girl and sings about it , boy loses girl to tragedy and sings about it , then boy considers the possibility of new love with a new boy and sings about it -- and the whole thing works , in a delirious French way .
Why make a movie about bohemian swingers , if all you 're going to serve up is the French equivalent of a Broadway musical ?
This deconstruction is daring and should be intoxicating ; but , instead , what Honoré brings to the movie-musical genre does n't improve upon its past bold experiments .
There 's an overriding bleakness that drags the film down .
-LSB- Director Christophe -RSB- Honoré has proven you can make a movie musical in which style does n't upstage content -- a movie musical that blossoms from the inside out .
Are the characters completely believable ? No . Are the feelings the characters talk and sing about pinpointed with a precision that seems to have become a Honoré trademark ? Very much so .
The love affairs of the film 's characters are n't merely expressions of fluid sexual desire but an acknowledgement of the interconnectedness of human life .
The story of a young man with a flexible sexual imagination is marred by an annoying central character and by the superficiality of the songs .
Evoke -LSB- s -RSB- another era of cinema , so that moviegoers with long memories may have the nicer ride .
Stylish , but that does n't really make up for the drifting plot , or the lack of insight and conviction .
In a would-be sexy romp full of rumoured threesomes , there 's nowhere near enough actual flesh on display .
You need a sweet tooth for this kind of thing and Garrel really is turning into the most irritating actor in the world , hyperactively clowning around and generally behaving like the Big Brother contestant from hell .
An affecting , vibrantly-acted work .
The songs are poor , the faddishness -LRB- folk parading books passim , à la Godard -RRB- and Garrel 's performance are irritating , and only Chiara Mastroianni as a grieving sister brings any real sense of conviction to her role .
Sensitively using song to express grief , passion and ennui , this is a cineaste 's delight .
Stylistically Honore favours a naturalistic approach to choreographing the composer Alex Baupain 's thirteen songs , thus avoiding the pitfalls of kitsch and irony , whilst his young and beautiful cast , deliver appealingly vibrant performances .
It is an erotic narrative whose characters express their innermost feelings in bursts of song , but it never sacrifices its heartfelt , often painful moods on the altar of irony .
Yet another valiant but unsuccessful effort to rehabilitate the potency of the musical genre , Honore 's Love Songs is a Gallic tweener , neither charming in the academic manner of Jacques Demy 1960s musicals nor immediate enough for contemporary viewers .
The result is mixed .

@highlight

Love Songs is hampered by a lack of focus , but held together by Honore 's deft direction and an engaging cast .