Imagine Me & You is ... a quietly compelling , heartwarming watch , exactly the kind of thing people have in mind when they say , `` It 's a renter . ''
Charming , quirky Brit romance has mild gay themes .
A generally pleasant distraction .
Imagine Me & You shamelessly embraces every romantic-comedy cliché in the book .
Imagine Me & You is more about fidelity and respect - or rather the lack thereof . It does n't matter if the characters are gay , straight or bi . Cheating is cheating .
It 's a fluffy little concoction that 'll capably fill 90 minutes , but it 's not destined to become anybody 's newest favorite .
Brit-com business as usual , right down to the outbursts of posh swearing and the fraught , last-minute dash through the London traffic .
The American Perabo -LRB- doing a good English accent -RRB- and Headey are likable leads -- and Goode brings a touching vulnerability to his role as the luckless Heck .
A witty and immensely enjoyable British romantic comedy .
In short , it 's an absolute louse of a film -- 94 minutes of unimaginable , unspeakable awfulness .
Enjoyable romantic comedy that succeeds thanks to likeable characters and some good gags , despite falling foul of all the usual rom-com traps .
Snappy writing and spot-on performances from a terrific cast help the movie avoid all the pitfalls of cliché .
Parker 's command of moldy clichés is fluent -LRB- one character even says , with a straight face , ` Follow your heart ' -RRB- .
Parker has a sensitive approach to the crise d'amour , but his lacklustre leading ladies contribute to an uneven tone .
If you 're in the mood for a moonstruck trifle with a drizzly London setting , this might not be such a bad choice . All that 's required is that you be as open-minded as the movie is open-hearted .
Imagine Me & You has its charms , but for a movie about loving radically , it sure plays it safe .
... neither great nor awful : On TV , it might seem better , but it 's simply underpowered for the big screen .
Maybe it 's a sign of progress that a mediocre gay romantic comedy can enter the mainstream marketplace and not create any stir .
... a bit like a poor man 's Four Weddings and a Funeral ... Although there are a few laughs and the slick script is peppered with juicy one-liners , it 's mild and rather mannered as we fail to connect with the characters when it really matters .
Although Imagine Me & You -LRB- never much liked that song -RRB- tries to tap into a popular theme , we never believe that Rachel and Luce are the slightest bit interested in one another .
The film also has a distinctly sitcom-like quality and is poorly paced , like an overlong episode of Will & Grace .
The film flirts with emotional honesty much of the way , until Parker realizes he might have to leave a character or two sad , angry , lonely or unfulfilled . Then the script turns to cotton candy , invalidating the honest first half .
Compared to the incredibly perfect adventures of these two British girls in love , everything else pales , especially the clueless men around them . Check that . The men are OK as long as they cry and take their emasculation like men .
If only Ennis from `` Brokeback Mountain '' could hop off the screen , wander next door and watch `` Imagine Me and You . ''
The film sidesteps the usual love triangle romantic comedy formula of hurling itself into all-out praise of fresh , vibrant infatuation by treating it as a zero-sum game that requires a loser .
It 's not hard to like these people and to empathize with their romantic plight .
A film where a scene in which a fancy sofa is purchased at an auction is treated with more heat and excitement than any of the subsequent action that may or may not occur on that very same sofa .
Dopey chaste lesbian movie without lust , passion , or sex .
What makes Imagine Me & You noteworthy at this particular moment in film history is that it openly faces issues that Brokeback Mountain avoids .
Not just sappy and implausible , but unoriginal .
It 's all proper and predictable and superficial .
A surprisingly old-fashioned romantic comedy , a film of lovely British parks , of antiques auctions and cluttered , lived-in homes and very good-looking 30-or-so 's trying to be sophisticated .
The accents are pleasing to the ears , but other than that it is trite and shameless , willing to do anything to please .
A tepid sort of romantic comedy , with lengthy stretches during which nothing much happens punctuated by bouts of paralyzing boredom or , on rare occasions , random but fleeting hilarity .
Parker overdoes it , whipping up a confection that manages to be too cute , too corny and too indifferent to emotional reality to matter .
There are more imaginative movies , I suppose ; but there are also worse ways to spend a gloomy afternoon than in a London photo-shopped to perfection .
Takes a tragic stumble into the dangerous Syrupy-Blather zone by insisting on a happy , upbeat ending .
Insufferably cutesy , this twee British flick acts like it invented lesbianism -- Is n't it adorable how women can be gay , too ? -- and pats itself heartily on the back for its own cleverness .
As formulaic as a trigonometry textbook .
I really like the people in Imagine Me and You , but I ca n't stand the movie they 're stuck in .
Whether you can invest in the central conceit is iffy , but Parker gets a lot of mileage out of deftly managing the delicate balance of sweet and tart , sentimental and clever .
The story settles for bad sitcom humor , a pedestrian romantic-comedy plot and a ridiculously sunny conclusion that belies the complexity of the situation and provides every party involved with an easy way out .
Perabo and Headey sizzle with unrequited desires , and the film , directed by Ol Parker , is often hilarious .
I guess there 's something progressive going on when a lesbian love story gets to be just as dreadful and tacky as most straight ones .
Romance is fine and dandy , but when it 's treated as the cake , instead of the icing on it , you hardly end up with an authentic , interesting story
Had it not been for the homosexual content this script would have been considered too crappy to film
As nice as it is to imagine popular movies depicting lesbian relationships without guilt or trauma , Imagine Me & You ultimately trips over its own daft enthusiasm .
The characters never really emerge as individuals ; they 're pretty puppets , moving through their prescribed paces .
When weak British comedies imitate bad American ones , all we get is mediocrity with more verbal velocity .
Parker has a weakness for the outrageous narrative coincidence .
The movie has good energy , it 's easy on the eyes and the strong supporting cast includes Celia Imrie , Anthony Head and Darren Boyd .
Everything has its rightful place , everyone has their happy purpose , and you ca n't help but grin at the sheer winning symmetry of the thing .
Parker never gets in hugging distance of the clever wittiness of Love Actually , and the screenplay makes its featherweight American predecessor Kissing Jessica Stein seem like Edward Albee .
... elevated to the status of pleasant diversion thanks to its comic supporting cast .
There 's enough chemistry and sexual tension between the leads for Imagine Me & You not to be hopelessly boring .
charming performances from the ensemble cast
The real departure is not the gender of the loved one -- it is the violation of the `` almost '' rule of comedy . The disconnect between tone and action prevents it from achieving the essential spirit of lightness and possibility .
Settles disappointingly for rom-com cliches . It does n't even bother to explore its own premise .
The cordial company of the characters and the snappy wit of the script make Ol Parker 's British romantic comedy the equivalent of comfort food a pleasant cinematic snack .
The characterizations are wooden , the interaction maudlin and the plot totally predictable .
A romantic , tolerant and tame twist on the notion of love at first sight , Imagine Me and You displays respectable people confronting difficult feelings in a mature -- if simplistic -- way .
Most of the running time is devoted to sitcom devices involving family members , friends , double meanings , close escapes and sincere heart-to-hearts .
cinematic mush
Filled with plastic people , it strikes one false note after another in its painfully predictable plot .
Scene by scene it 's witty and cute -- almost too cute -- like an unusually clever sitcom , but its structure undermines its central conceit .
There 's a cinematic tradition that movies taking their titles from pop songs turn out to be bombs . ` Imagine Me & You ' upholds it .
As a directorial and romantic debut , it shows promise for Parker 's future projects .
It 's saddening , but not altogether unexpected , these sorts of romantic fairy tales typically losing steam as they try desperately to battle the usual cliches haunting the genre .
Parker 's charmingly bittersweet romantic comedy tackles quite a serious subject with sensitivity and respect .
An innocuous , fluffy little nothing of an almost-pleasant movie .
British accents and names like ` Heck ' just are n't enough to compensate for the generic quality and general lackluster feeling inspired by the film 's plot and characters .
Applies the posh Britcom formula perfected in hits like Four Weddings and a Funeral to a lesbian romance with slick if fairly mild results .
A gooey , tiresome bore , unconvincing in its lesbian relationship and deeply silly when it tries for big comic moments .
Matthew Goode should kiss the writers ; he has the best lines -LRB- guaranteed to make any straight woman swoon and offer themselves up as his rebound girl -RRB- .
Matthew Goode and the capable supporting cast ca n't save this film from its bland mediocrity
Simple and unmemorable , something to watch on a lazy evening when there is nothing else to watch on the telly and quickly forget once it 's over .
We need a villain instead of a victim if the happy romance between Rachel and Luce is going to work .
There 's nothing wrong with love at first sight , but for Perabo -- who had shown no signs of being gay -- to suddenly get weak in the knees for a woman she does n't know on the day of her nuptials is pushing reality just a bit , no ?
A little more thought into the characters ' motives and the consequences of their actions might have made the film more resonant , instead of fluffy and mildly puzzling the way it is .
Drama overwhelms Imagine 's strident attempts at comedy .
Maddening politeness rules the day in this London-based comedy ...
The enervating trifle Imagine Me & You will soon be gathering dust -LSB- on the shelves of video stores -RSB- .
Naming a film after a song generally displays a lack of imagination .
Parker 's frothy relationship drama/comedy of manners throws a few curves into the rec room of romantic triangles .
... while the film 's tasty London settings add a whiff of elegance , Parker 's confection collapses because we never believe Rachel and Luce as destined soul mates . The blame rests entirely with Perabo 's meager performance .
Congratulations are in order for Rachel 's sexual awakening , but we might as well applaud the dull girl for falling in love with the nearest bunch of lilies rather than the florist .
... though this lesbian-themed entry in the Notting Hill and Four Weddings and a Funeral category neatly accomplishes the genre 's other requirement , the ability to double as travelogue , its players are availed of precious little wit .
Romantic comedies do n't get more generic than this one .
A bewitching romantic drama set in London about love at first sight and the consequences of this sudden surge of love that defies all reason .
If you ca n't guess how the whole thing ends than you clearly have n't seen enough of these movies and probably deserve to sit through another .
The film 's conventionality is what makes it simultaneously progressive and a great , big snooze .
The comedy is n't very funny , the characters are n't particularly kind , and the plot is n't remotely credible .
The film is so concerned with squeezing laughs out of the audience that it barely takes time to make sense of the circumstances .
The mainstream auds who would respond best to pic 's fluffy aesthetic might balk at its Sapphic storyline , while gay and lesbian viewers will find girl-on-girl action here far too tame .
Imagine if Kissing Jessica Stein had been made by the Four Weddings and a Funeral people , and you pretty much get the gist of Imagine Me and You , a pleasant if pedestrian British romantic comedy .
... this is the sort of movie that 's almost impossible to all-out dislike -LRB- provided one approaches it with the appropriate mindset -RRB- .




@highlight

Aside from its lesbian theme , Imagine Me & You can only offer more of the same generic rom-com cliches .