There 's a wealth of valuable and urgent info in Robert Kenner 's study of how business and ideological interests ... create the illusions of debate and doubt over such issues as climate change in the media arena when none ought to exist .
Food , Inc. director Robert Kenner has turned it into a redundant , formally uninventive , Food , Inc.-like documentary
It 's nice to see the problem of climate change tackled from a new angle , but this is still another form of preaching , another film designed to outrage . But how is the audience meant to channel that outrage ?
If Merchants of Doubt were as interested in bridging that gap as in examining why it exists , the film might be a more useful tool in that ongoing conversation .
Using a magician 's tricks as a metaphor for corporate tactics is clever , and Kenner 's found an eloquent talking head in history of science prof Naomi Oreskes , but as in his previous flick , Food , Inc. , he keeps hammering away at the same idea .
Based on the 2010 book by Naomi Oreskes and Erik M. Conway , the film lays out a convincing , follow-the-money trail from the tobacco industry 's postwar efforts to prevent -LRB- or forestall -RRB- government regulation to a profitable lobbying specialty today .
Kenner 's sympathies are clear - `` Do n't let them stack the deck ! '' the film proclaims - and ultimately Merchants of Doubt does a much better job of making you think than convincing you of what to think .
As a political propaganda film about the dangers of political propaganda , it 's difficult to imagine Merchants of Doubt having any effect beyond the cold comfort it might bring the choir .
Director Robert Kenner delivers this rote but stirring documentary about the fake experts and pseudo-scientists that are employed by corporations to spread doubt in the media about scientific facts .
The movie is at its best when profiling the titular merchants .
Movies have already been made about the science of climate change , from `` An Inconvenient Truth '' to `` Chasing Ice . '' Robert Kenner -LRB- `` Food Inc. '' -RRB- has made a movie about the anti-science .
The film finds a wealth of worthy interviewees but it probably will preach to the choir on the one hand and be ignored by the other .
... turns repetitive in spots and clearly is taking sides , but it assembles the abundant interviews and statistics into a compelling package .
There are times when a documentary seems so eager to keep you engaged and entertained that the filmmakers forget to stick to their ostensible subject .
It probably wo n't change many minds -- do these things ever ? -- and it may not tell you much you do n't know , but this is a solid and surprisingly effective activist documentary .
A chilling documentary showing how the cigarette , asbestos , fossil fuel and other industries manipulate scientific evidence .
The underlying tragedy of `` Merchants of Doubt '' is not that these flim-flam artists get away with their deceit , but that you and I continue to sit back and allow them their bully pulpits .
Both heavy-handed and smug , taking undue pride in saying very little that 's insightful or new .
For a movie that spends a good amount of time exposing the bogus claims of the manufacturers of ` flame retardant ' fabric , ` Merchants of Doubt ' is not particularly incendiary .
A movie about manufactured consensus would be a vital public service . But `` Merchants of Doubt '' is n't quite that movie .
... largely preaches to the left-leaning choir with plenty of hissable sound bites and a generally glib tone that undercuts an otherwise understandable sense of righteous indignation .
The message here is convincingly clear : corporate America is involved in an elaborate and extravagantly funded game of three-card monty , playing the public for the suckers they are all-too willing to be .
Aside from an eye-opening investigation of useless and harmful flame repellents pumped into furniture , it sticks to climate change without broadening its scope to other examples of corporate spinning , which must be plentiful .
A compelling exposé of professional propagandists , though the movie itself is not agenda-free .
Maybe it 's meant to be a call to action , but it 's a bit more like a social-issues documentary by Samuel Beckett . You laugh as you contemplate everyone 's doom .
You leave `` Merchants of Doubt , '' as you do any good muckraking documentary , both fascinated and enraged ...
Robert Kenner 's documentary is an effective takedown of the ways that PR efforts to discredit science have shifted from helping protect Big Tobacco 's profits to fueling the climate change denial movement .
Merchants of Doubt should n't be a hard sell . The fact that it is should make you very mad .
The people who need to see it probably wo n't , and it 's hard not to come away from it feeling somewhat defeated .
Subtle , it 's not . But it is effective .
Using images from sidewalk three-card Monte games , Kenner shows how often people can be suckered for their cash . His film demonstrates that professional cons are much , much bigger .
Should be seen by every American , especially those who question global climate change .
Damningly eviscerates most of the asinine arguments clung to by bought-and-paid-for representatives of the oil companies .
That money is the root of all evil is hardly news , but Kenner 's documentary is more than just a plaint against corruption . He is , for one thing , a first-rate filmmaker .
Scarier than any horror movie .
Like the climate scientists it documents , Merchants of Doubt does a bang-up job of gathering and presenting facts , but it 's missing that wow factor .
When `` Merchants of Doubt '' is n't making you mad , it makes you very simply , and overwhelmingly , sad .
When -LRB- and before -RRB- the end credits roll , you will probably feel a sense of outrage - and helplessness .
To quote one damning corporate memo seen in the film : `` Doubt is our product . ''
Merchants is full of incredibly telling interactions and visuals to help make its case .
Smart , well-researched and shocking in its revelations .
The jury 's back in on the PR hacks who sow confusion and manufacture ambiguity in the public debate over climate change : they 're guilty of crimes against not only science and their fellow citizens but humanity itself .
strikes home the incredible power of corporations to institute change for their own aggrandizement .
Though not all the dots connect , there 's plenty exposing the games corporations play , to make you believe the opposite of dangers they create . Including information gridlock , science actors , think tank mercenaries and well , the Red Scare and watermelons .
If two experts disagree , who do you trust ? Bingo : spread doubt . Slick , stylish and deeply infuriating , Merchants of Doubt is splendid muckraking .
What Merchants of Doubt makes clearest is that these issues should n't be political .
The fact that some of these spinmeisters proudly base their method on the machinations of tobacco-industry lobbyists is doubly damning .
The subject of Merchants of Doubt is the catastrophe of global climate change , which is engulfing us even faster than predicted . Kenner does n't waste time proving , in this terse , brilliantly argued movie , that climate change is happening .
The people who really need to see Kenner 's movie will not . This is the portion of the American public that believes what it wants to believe , their blindness to scientific fact justified by the smooth operators seen on -LRB- shows like -RRB- Fox News .
On the whole , it has a great deal of important information presented in a lively way , and it has the power to get you riled up .
Kenner -LRB- unavoidably -RRB- breaks the climate change debate down into a political one -- wrong versus right , right versus left .
This is a huge , unwieldy topic , and the filmmakers do an admirable job of condensing their information and making it comprehensible .
The filmmakers use the same techniques to influence you to buy into the theory that climate change is caused by actions of man as they claim those they criticize use to influence people to believe the idea that climate change caused by man is a hoax .
No matter what you think about tobacco , climate change , or fire retardants , this is an essential film because it addresses the key issue of trust .
The blatancy with which industries and lobbyists lie to the public ... is enraging , of course , but Kenner 's pretty much negated the point of his own work here .
-LSB- It -RSB- means to make people angry , and to make them think . It will surely do the former . I 'd like to think it will do the latter .
This is an ugly film , though it has an upbeat spirit .
When your objective is to get nothing done , you have a serious advantage . If honesty is n't a priority , things get even easier . This is the most impactful -- and the most depressing -- takeaway of Robert Kenner 's documentary .
A great primer on how corporate propaganda works now , in the age of 24-hour news channels addicted to `` debate '' when there is none and `` controversy '' where none exists .
Informative and infuriating ...
In this glossy informational mode of filmmaking , organization is everything , and director Robert Kenner -LRB- Food , Inc. -RRB- is n't much of a storyteller .
Tobacco companies have fallen far in recent years , but this zingy documentary explores how very high their p.r. machines set the bar for public misdirection .
Shows how a bunko artist is a bunko artist , whether on a corner or on CNN .
The film 's spin toward a liberal audience means it chokes into ineffectuality when it tries to take a less ironic and more active stance on society 's biggest current white whale .
The slickness of Kenner 's presentation ironically distracts from the meat of his exposé .
There are times when it feels as if the film 's selected anecdotes are only scratching the surface of a greater evil , but what does make it to screen is intelligent , vital , and enraging .
Kenner has devoted himself to a revelation that is n't much of a revelation-that corporations obfuscate the full truth to protect their interests .
It understands the appeal of making strong points in attractive , engaging ways . It 's taking lessons from the bad guys , but for the right side .
The shock , horror and occasional levity of the doc aside , Merchants of Doubt reminds us how maddening it is what money can do to ruin things .
An overly broad and somewhat random attack on a broad range of targets , but damning enough to make you mad
This material might be familiar to Frontline viewers and magazine readers , but Kenner 's telling of the stories proves independently dramatic ...
An issues documentary that scores its points through a seductive combination of clearly stated arguments and pithy humor .
One of Kenner 's main points is that the debate itself is being held on false grounds .
Robert Kenner 's punchy documentary ... claims that many of the libertarian nay-sayers rolled out on mainstream American television to spice up `` scientific '' debate have little knowledge of the subject . What matters , it seems , is how loudly you shout
Opens our eyes to the PR sleight of hand that huge corporations deploy to protect their profits when facts and science are n't going their way . Enraging .
Merchants of Doubt is a worthwhile , though depressing film .
It may sound like a standard-issue advocacy documentary concerned , as so many are , with the perils of global warming , but it 's a lot more than that .
Like Michael Moore at his worst , it 's hard to applaud a film when it 's relentlessly poking fun at its opponents as if to pat itself , and its smug audience , heartily on the back
A hard-hitting documentary exposing how a small band of right-wing zealots in spreading disinformation on climate change .
The point-by-point Merchants of Doubt ... traces how companies shift the focus , reshape , and redirect discourse .
Illustrates how deniers have manipulated the scientific debate , and why the climate change scientists have succumbed to them .
There is n't a tremendous amount of new information in this generally well-crafted documentary . But it makes a potent , urgent case against the merchants of doubt who play games with the planet 's future .
Merchants of Doubt 's lack of independent opinion and poor probing of its skeptic subjects makes this doc rather inconsequential .
This is a movie so intrigued by its designated villains that it almost conveys a perverse form of admiration , and the fascination proves contagious .
By the film 's own implicit admission , those who most need to see ` Merchants of Doubt ' are also the least likely to be swayed by its argument .

@highlight

Merchants of Doubt is a thought-provoking documentary assembled with energy and style , even if it does n't dig as deep as it could .