Because the sheer scale of -LSB- the Holocaust -RSB- is incomprehensible , humanizing it , in a documentary like Steal a Pencil for Me , keeps it vivid .
endlessly fascinating
An idiosyncratic , largely anecdotal story with larger reverberations .
Love conquers all , including the Nazi war machine and an angry wife , in Ohayon 's new Holocaust documentary .
No first-person account of life in a Nazi concentration camp could ever be called ` romantic , ' but the story of Jack Polak and Ina Soep -- comes close .
Ohayan creates a fluid pace , matching the account of the survival with present day footage of the couple lecturing younger generations to raise Holocaust awareness .
Not even Hollywood could invent a romance more extraordinary than this one .
It 's a Holocaust story unlike any other , and filmmaker Michele Ohayon treats it with an engaging sensitivity .
Irrepressibly moving without being sentimental , Steal a Pencil for Me is a testimony to true love .
What makes Ms. Ohayon 's movie special is its recognition that epic horrors do n't erase private dramas .
The filmmaker elegantly documents both the past and the present with a measured yet heartfelt sincerity .
A misguided documentary that mistakes cutesy , polished aesthetics for meaningful sentiment .
Some may think the Holocaust has nothing new to offer up , but Michele Ohayon says otherwise .
The most moving story about love , longevity , infidelity and the Holocaust you may ever hear .
There 's incredible feeling behind Steal A Pencil For Me -- enough to sustain two lives throughout unimaginable hardship -- but the film does n't bring much of it to the surface .
Michèle Ohayon 's Steal a Pencil for Me offers a simple human story of dignity , levity and romance -- both unlikely qualities in the chaos and terror of Nazi-era Europe -- and exerts its own special charm .
Filmmaker Michèle Ohayon shapes her portrait of two vibrant old people with a fine hand -LRB- especially when it comes to interspersing historical footage -RRB- , creating a valuable addition to the Cinema of Never Forget .
Each moment in ` Steal a Pencil for Me ' is a witness to the power of people , the will to live and to love .
Describing what Steal a Pencil for Me is about might actually do a disservice to this affectionately observed documentary .
Extraordinary ... a sublime recollection of indefatigable affection and dedication in the face of enormous misery .
So many documentaries about the Holocaust have been shown before . One would think we 've seen enough . Steal a Pencil for Me proves we can never learn too much .


@highlight

Steal a Pencil For Me is a unique Holocaust story that pays tribute to the strength of the human spirit in the face of enormous hardship .