The best movie of any and all genres this year .
A top notch follow up to the original gem ...
Happiness is a film like this ! It 's a movie you should not miss .
... it 's virtually impossible not to get an ongoing kick out of King 's continuously creative approach to the material .
Riotously enjoyable sequel , which again combines silly chaos with razor-sharp wit .
Paddington 2 is a romp ! It 's a delight ... the rare all-ages triumph .
There is no series of images that is not a delight , nor an action sequence that does not flow smoothly . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
How can you possibly match or even top that splendid soiree for the Peruvian bear ? You 'd think it would be an impossible task , but marvellously King has somehow shocked us once more .
Is anything as improbable as a `` feel-good '' movie that actually leaves us feeling terrific ? How about two of them in the same series ?
Well worth a marmalade sandwich . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Paddington 2 is not only an intelligent , fun and funny film , but now , in the times of Brexit , it has become counterculture . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's just so charming and cute and adorable . It paces itself well , it takes it 's time . It respects the original source material .
It can be easy to forget there is good in the world and sometimes it comes in the form of a furry brown bear in a hat
Paddington 2 is a film full of life that picks up where the first left off and adds a more charismatic villain -LRB- sorry , Nicole Kidman -RRB- ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This sequel is huggable , plush family entertainment , able to captivate audiences of all ages . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A colorful , good-hearted romp for all ages .
-LSB- Hugh Grant 's -RSB- role is the true hidden treasure in Paddington 2 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Noble and nostalgic , colorful and visually striking , as well endearing entertainment for the whole family . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A balm for our troubled times .
... creativity for the sheer joy of it .
The spirit of adventure is really strong in this continuation ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Paddington films preach a message of acceptance that 's no less straightforward than that of The Shape of Water , encouraging viewers to share in the hero 's tolerant worldview .
In 2015 , I marveled at the very existence of a movie that championed good manners and kindness , but I had no idea how much more those things would matter in 2018 .
How rare that a sequel improves upon its original , and rarer still is a perfect film . But Paddington 2 is both , encouraging gentleness , politeness , and decency .
Maintains all of the considerable charm of the first film and throws in a hefty bit of whimsy , cheer , and good fun . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Paddington 2 surprised the hell out of me , and this is coming from somebody who loved the first . This is a sequel that does n't disappoint .
Director Paul King has once again come up with the perfect antidote to the cynicism , selfishness and hatred of the times we live in . This is a light , touching , magical film with imaginative visuals , interesting characters and an uplifting message .
A dash of Wes Anderson and a sprinkle of Jean-Pierre Jeunet , swirled around with a wonderfully fluid sense of airiness and light . It 's mannered , yet carefree , colorful , and evocative .
I do n't want to review Paddington 2 : I want to live in it , and invite you to live in it with me .
Charming and enjoyable , despite the weird hook that has Paddington in prison for much of the movie
More comforting than creative , but so warm , fuzzy , and cozy in its comfort that one desperately longs to force it on everybody in earshot .
Like a dream from which you do n't want to wake , Paddington 2 is a sweet respite from life in 2018 . Do n't sleep on it .
A movie that promotes the importance of family and good manners might seem like it could become the squarest of snoozes , but Paddington 2 is so transcendentally cheerful that it carries the day - and then some .
Best of all is Hugh Grant as a villainous ham actor who gets to dress up in any number of ridiculous costumes before ending the film with a production number that only Mel Brooks has ever matched .
Marmalade-loving Paddington will sweeten the day of anyone , young or just young at heart , in this delightful sequel .
The result is the kind of irresistible family-friendly fantasy that could wind up giving `` sweetness and light '' a good name .
It 's that extra dose of creativity that elevates Paddington 2 from the status of routine sequel to the kind of film parents will find worth packing up the kids for , even when the weather outside is still frightful .
With a heartening , valuable and wholesome message , coupled with dazzling animation and a smashing dose of whimsical hilarity and fun , this is an unforgettable cinematic gift .
If at no point does it make your heart swell with positive emotion , then you 're probably dead . Not just dead inside , you 're probably an actual corpse .
Let 's hope Paddington 's warmth and humanity rolls onto the next generation as smoothly as marmalade on bread .
Paddington 2 has a homey appeal and design that feels fresh yet cozy all at once-like nostalgia crystallizing right in front of your eyes .
All in all , `` Paddington 2 '' has a warmth and wit that 's missing from many a children 's movie . Do n't let your January go by without it .
This is n't the expected , rushed off kid 's movie , just out to make a quick buck . This is clearly a labor of love for each person involved , with each person dedicated to bringing this beloved character and story to life .
It 's a fun movie , within which lurks a poignant idea-and , yes , an oversimple one-about communities and their outsiders .
-LSB- Paddington 2 -RSB- has one out-loud laugh , plenty of sincere cleverness , vast technical ingenuity , a warm heart , lively performances and enough gyroscopic camera moves to make Max Ophüls jealous .
It 's kind of like what -LSB- Martin -RSB- Scorses did with Hugo where there 's just a lot of interesting film making techniques that the director Paul King does in this movie that really give it a flare .
As funny as Paddington 2 is - and it 's really funny - the movie 's big heart is perhaps its finest quality .
This is one sequel it 's a pleasure to review .
In the hands of the wrong director and/or actor , any script , even one this fine , might have been a disaster . Luckily , all involved were up to the task , and have delivered to us a warm , hilarious , joy-filled film . It 's just what we all need right now .
Everything that a kids ' movie should be : sweet and adorable and kind , and adults can enjoy it too .
A nearly perfect movie that thoroughly and genuinely restores something we have n't seen a lot of lately - childhood wonder .
Adorable , thoroughly enjoyable sequel , reinforcing the sublime belief : `` If you 're kind and polite , the world will be right . ''
Years later , the sequel only gilds the franchise with yet another story full of heart , humour , adventure and friendship .
Paddington 2 is a charming confection of a film that manages to exceed its predecessor in terms of both visual splendor and good-natured storytelling .
This sequel is funnier , more charming and heartwarming than the original ; one you 'll enjoy tremendously , with or without kids in tow .
Paddington 2 is a rare film , in that the sequel bests the original . Just like the Pixar films , Paddington 2 manages to be a movie that simultaneously makes children squeal with delight , and warms the heart of watching parents .
Much of the appeal of Paddington 2 is the way it combines classic British nostalgia with fast-forward contemporary filmmaking .
Good news ! This sequel is very nearly as good as the first version of the story of a bear in London .
There 's a warmth and a joy running through the Paddington films that overwhelms in the best possible way , without ever tipping into syrupy manipulation . Maybe that 's just the difference between treacle and marmalade .
I might even go so far as to proclaim Paddington 2 pretty much perfect , but let me indulge in one more marmalade sandwich before I make the decision to say just that .
A rare sequel that lives up to -LRB- and even improves on -RRB- the original , Paddington 2 finds the beloved bear of children 's literature off on another wondrous adventure .
It may be difficult to find a review of director and co-writer Paul King 's followup to -LSB- Paddington -RSB- that does not employ some form of the word `` charming . '' This is right and just , and the achievement is surely harder than the devoted cast makes it look .
The lightweight material and charmingly quaint depiction of a London that surely exists only in colouring books prove as hard to resist as Paddington 's warm brown eyes .
... everyone involved in the making of this wonderful little fantasy story give their all and the result is magical .
The message is there : be kind unto others , and they 'll be kind unto you - and a dollop of marmalade does n't hurt either .
Paddington 2 is a feel-good masterpiece , a cinematic salve for the prejudice of our times .
I do n't know exactly what I saw in Paddington 2 , or why it struck me with such wonder when the little bear slapped a glob of vermilion jam on the glistening noggin of an ill-tempered patron . All I know is that it took me somewhere .
Paddington 2 may not be the novel revelation that its predecessor was , but it has its heart-and its stomach-in the right place .
... retains plenty of gentle charm while not becoming burdened by prior success or expectations .
Like watching a remake of Papillon directed by Wes Anderson , Paddington 2 is charming beyond belief . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Paddington 2 is the quintessential family film that had me smiling throughout .
King is n't content to simply tell a marvelous tale . His film is full of magical transitions , such as a flight of fancy where Paddington steps into the pop-up book to show his aunt the sights or where his nighttime prison tears sprout a jungle dream .
Sick of surly Facebook posts and angry Tweets ? Paddington 2 is the movie we need now more than ever .
Supplies a happy ration of kid-friendly slapstick , grown-up jokes , and a batch of the most recognizable actors in Britain .
Even in a sequel , Bond 's furry metaphor survives its animation intact .
If you have kids , take them . If you have nieces and nephews , take them . If you do n't have kids but just want to feel like one yourself , go see it . Paddington is a bear for all seasons .
Utterly beguiling .
Paddington could melt the coldest of hearts .
The movie is full of bright wit and sincere joy , as Paddington 's innate kindness permeates all around him , providing a weary world just what it needs right now .
If you see these movies and do n't like them , there 's something wrong with you .
Paddington 2 reminds us how difficult it can be to pull off a sweetly tempered , gently moving children 's movie by doing exactly that , and doing it so well .
Paddington 2 is just as adorable as the first live-action Paddington movie .
The result might just be the best bear movie since Winnie the Pooh .
This bear is constantly striving to earn the approval of the humans in his life . One day , maybe we can all be worthy of his .
The utterly delightful Paddington 2 feels like the right film for this moment in time ...
`` Paddington 2 '' is `` The Godfather Part II '' of Peruvian bear movies , a sequel that surpasses the superb original .
Literally , everything about `` Paddington 2 '' is pitch perfect .
It 's an exquisite reminder of the wondrous things that can happen when a storyteller of boundless imagination avails himself of some rigorous discipline .
Family-friendly fun for all ages , thanks to a marvellous script , a sterling cast and the adept , sure-handed direction of Paul King .
It 's a perfect flick for families , but also a jolly time for anyone with a pulse .
The first movie based on Michael Bond 's Paddington Bear books was an absolute delight , and defying the usual laws of sequelitis , the second is equally charming .
We need a new Paddington movie every January .
The sequel has the same tone as the original but is livelier and funnier , mostly due to Hugh Grant , who gleams as the bad guy .
Given the rocky paths of many sequels , it 's a special joy that `` Paddington 2 '' is sweet as marmalade .
... `` Paddington 2 '' is a total delight .
Will appeal to anyone who has a heart for whimsy , no matter her age .
The entire film sparkles with a Wes Anderson-ish whimsy and a kind heart that 'll leave you feeling warm and fuzzy . Just like the film 's protagonist .
Mainly , though , Paddington 2 is a comic triumph chock-full of slapstick , heart , and hope . Well done , Mr. Paddington Brown , well done .
Could it be that Hugh Grant was born to play a villainous dandy in a kid 's movie ?
These movies simply know what they 're doing . They retain the spirit and the humane reassurance of the source material .
There are slapstick hijinks and silly scenarios aplenty , but at its heart `` Paddington 2 '' has something serious to say about making the world a better place through daily acts of kindness .
I must admit I was very concerned about `` Paddington 2 '' . Sequels are rarely as good as the first . But I am thrilled that `` Paddington 2 '' is every bit as good as the original , and that Hugh Grant is spectacular !
`` Paddington 2 '' is a sweet and fun family adventure , full of laughs , some surprises and a glittering array of actors .
An adorable sequel that manages to surpass the original thanks in part to Hugh Grant 's scene-stealing villain gig . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Enormous heart and energy , smartly building on the previous installment to generate a more precise cute bear attack , keeping the marmalade flowing and the smiles constant .
Paddington 2 , like its hero , manages to surprise in its winning tone , its fierce cleverness , its heart , and its humor .
Calling it a `` kids film '' is a disservice ; Paul King has directed an of-the-moment family comedy that rivals any in recent memory .
Paddington 2 stands out for its atmosphere of homey cheer and profound belief in the harmonizing power of warmth , politeness , and the absurd .
What could be overbearing -LRB- sorry -RRB- kid stuff instead is wonderfully droll and charming throughout , a children 's film that really does not talk down to its intended audience and should please every member of the family .
And familiarity with the characters means less time spent establishing them , and more time for just enjoying who they are .
This is a film of such open-hearted joy and grace , which feels rare in an industry that often embraces cynicism and sarcasm , including in its children 's stories .
An emotional masterpiece that digs deep while keeping you smiling , and a pure example of why sequels can still be a good thing .
Mr. King and his excellent team of actors and animators spin good writing and seamless digital effects into Rococo children 's entertainment .
As with the first film , Paddington 2 never feels like it 's speaking above the level of it intended primary audience , and thus the performances by the adult actors feel less like larks and more like tremendous acts of generosity .
Can we have every year start off with a Paddington movie ? The world would be a much nicer place , I think .
Paddington has a way of finding the good in others and the lovable bear finds himself on a new adventure in the family-friendly Paddington 2 .
Yes , it 's a little silly watching him converse and become friends with criminals , but it 's another beautiful reminder that we should all look for the good in everyone . Can Paddington even find the good in his former producer Harvey Weinstein ?
`` If we 're kind and polite , the world will be right , '' Paddington says multiple times throughout this sequel . While that can be hard to believe , the energetic optimism of `` Paddington 2 '' might inspire you yet .
These actors all yield the floor to Hugh Grant 's delightful performance as Phoenix Buchanan , a vain thespian who lives near the Browns in London .
If you can believe it , Paddington 2 is even better . It 's bigger , smarter , and funnier than its predecessor ; it 's an absolute delight .
Overflowing with heart and humor , this delightful romp is a charmer for the whole family .
PADDINGTON 2 pulls you in with its humor , just as it is getting ready to bring a tear to your eye . This is a perfect film for all audiences .
Paddington 2 never betrays the sweet-tempered worldview of its source material , the long-running series of children 's books written by the late Michael Bond .
Paddington is , above all , dedicated to celebrating the myths of abiding Britishness , from civility and restraint to an inexplicable love of riding old-timey trains .
Paddington is as gangsta as they come .
Charming , heartfelt sequel entertains , inspires compassion .
Aside from being a disarming , refreshing wallow in kindness , Paddington 2 also has the benefit of being well-constructed and exceedingly well-performed .
Paddington 2 is a stellar comedy with smart setups , superb payoffs , and belly-rocking laughs . It 's a thrilling and whimsical adventure that will have your heart soaring .
Paddington 2 ticks right along through its initially dense plot , eventually settling on a compelling narrative .
The way Paddington embraces his fellow outsiders , like the inmates in Portobello Prison , subtly reminds viewers that even those without Paddington 's good manners have kindness in their hearts .
` Paddington 2 ' is so good that , yes , I would compare it to ` Babe ' .
Grant somehow filches the entire movie , in the course of which he gets to dress as a candle-carrying nun , a knight in armor , and , to his eternal mortification , a giant spaniel .
As with its predecessor , this sequel adores its furry protagonist every bit as much as generations of readers have , and is determined to bring that love to his latest big-screen excursion .
Could not be more adorable .
One of those rare movies that really is meant for both adults and children ... it 's a skilful mix of physical comedy , warm humour and sheer delight that should enchant everyone .
-LSB- Paddington 2 -RSB- balances sentiment and slapstick while hymning the joys of multiculturalism .
It goes without saying that Paddington remains as loveable as ever , but it is Hugh Grant as the dastardly villain of the piece that steals the show , offering a belly-achingly funny performance .
Unless you 're dead inside , you will not fail to be utterly charmed by Paddington 2 .
Gleeful sequel to the 2014 hit family film that avoids the law of diminishing returns by studding a decent plot about a secret treasure with deliciously cheesy turns from A-list actors .
Follow-ups are hard to do , but Paddington 2 knows which side its bread is buttered -LRB- with added marmalade , of course -RRB- and repeats the winning recipe .
A wonderful film for the young and the young-at-heart .
If more writers and directors respected their audiences as King and Farnaby clearly does , the world 's entertainment output would be significantly improved . Just like the bear himself , Paddington 2 makes the world a slightly better place .
You shudder at how cheesy this could , and perhaps should , be , but in the hands of the British Paddington 2 is warm , witty and wonderfully eccentric . It 'll certainly make you laugh , and perhaps cry , and remind you of the incredible power of kindness .
... Paddington , who must have the most expressive eyes ever seen on a CGI animal , has such durable charm that the film 's shortcomings are overridden by its good-natured spirit .
Not only does it keep the same characters and setting , but maintains the same level of heart and humor to become a truly unforgettable , lovely time at the theater .
With the expected soft-heartedness , a few glorious gags , a nod to the Paddington TV series and especially funny turns by Gleeson and Grant , this is surely the best option for a Christmas movie for the whole family .
As with the hilarious and highly entertaining 2014 original , Paddington 2 provides some of the best family entertainment you 'll have at the cinema all year .
This film is a little ripper that put a smile on my face that - hours after the screening - is showing no signs of fading .
Paddington 2 is ultimately about the importance of remaining civil and tolerant despite a world increasingly being overwhelmed by prejudice and bigotry .
Most sequels feel inferior to the original but this is a rare case where that is n't true .
The suspense-thriller plot involving a frame-up is throwaway for anyone older than 12 , but there is so much going on - the Wes-Anderson-meets-Studio-Ghibli visuals , the skits , Grant 's over-the-top work - that the older ones will be kept happy .
Undeniably charming and infectiously disarming , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away or even find a fault in the follow-up to Paul King 's 2014 's Paddington .
Chock full of fantastical London sets , a million and one famous British thespians having a whale of a time , and good cheer , love and joy . It 's even better than the first one , having more jokes for the adults while a much better villain for the kids .
Action and laughs are aplenty , but it is the film 's overall tenderness and charm that will keep you smiling throughout the 104 minutes .
The good news on the sequel is that one good minor miracle deserves another : Paddington 2 is the equal of its predecessor , not allowing standards to slip anywhere .
With cameos from Meera Syal , Joanna Lumley and Jim Broadbent , this unapologetically British film hits all the right festive feelings .
There are wonderful little jokes hidden amid the slapstick : a perfectly delivered take on the word `` baguette '' , and every line that leaves a delightfully camp Hugh Grant 's mouth .
-LSB- An -RSB- unbeatable distribution of actors outside their genre . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Hugh Grant -RSB- is the icing on the cake . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's children 's cinema , without the pretense of being anything else . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What Paddington 2 demonstrates is that in the currently messed-up and hectic world we currently live in , we need films like this to remind us how we need something loving to make our lives endearing , akin to the warm message of It 's a Wonderful Life .
The film 's deceptive genius is not just a renewed faithfulness to the spirit of Bond 's books but the clever way it is set in the present day and yet constantly harks back to the more innocent times when the stories were written .
The new film is every bit as bright , funny and cosy as its predecessor .
Yet again Paul King and his co-writer Simon Farnaby have wonderfully caught the playful innocence of the original stories while adding more than enough adult humour to keep the guardians entertained .
It 's as unlikely and as charming as a talking bear ... a cute family film topping my list of the best films of the year .
Something to treasure rather than just to entertain .
It 's also refreshingly designed with a timeless style that 's quirky and inventive rather than gimmicky-cool , undercutting the sentimentality with good-hearted sarcasm while making the important point that we need to take care of each other .
Hugh Grant preens and puffs magnificently . Brendan Gleeson scowls and softens with similar aplomb . Both look to be having an absolute ball .
Beyond all the brilliant actors involved , the team behind the camera is thoroughly deserving of merit too .
But it works . The inclusive , plainly pro-immigration stance of the original 2014 film is carried over here and multiplied , with a welcome anti-Brexit message .
There is such kindness here , such humanity , such warmth and optimism . This is a fantasy of unique scope and astonishing emotional depth beneath the silliness .
Paul King 's crazy rhythms are all his own , packing practically every frame with a sight-gag or goofy reference that will make small screen rewatches endlessly enjoyable .
The fim 's optimistic messages about embracing otherness rather than fearing it , and the power of goodness and courtesy to overwhelm shouty aggression , seem oddly relevant at this moment in national life .
Most of the credit belongs to Paul King , who again directs and co-writes , and is better-served this time by the clever folk in the special - effects department .
Paddington 2 is a sheer delight .
Paddington 2 really is simply more of the same joyous warmth , with a sprinkling of Hugh Grant on top form .
Even though the plot 's about as substantial as one of Paddington marmalade sandwiches , it 's hard not to be won over by the duffel coat-sporting furball .
It 's hard to resist this understated , delicate , winningly eccentric movie .
It might just be the quirkiest , most quintessentially British film phenomenon of the decade .
Paddington 2 is that rare thing , a sequel that is more engaging than the original by dint of having a far better baddie .
By turns charming and hilarious , Paddington 2 is that rare sequel that actually betters the original in almost every way .
But the secret weapon here is Grant : as a vain , once-A-list actor reduced to advertising doggie dinners , he hams it up with just the right amount of self-loathing . At his finest , no one can do comedy quite like him and this is an incomparable performance .
The gags , one-liners and set-pieces just keep on coming with a breathlessness that 's the hallmark of the best family movies .
Paddington 2 is the perfect tonic for these troubled times . Anyone who disagrees should be fixed with a Very Hard Stare .
It 's terribly sad that Paddington 's creator Michael Bond - to whom the film is dedicated - died in June without seeing how absolutely wonderfully his legacy has been continued .
State-of-the-art effects combine with playful , generous storytelling in a feelgood sequel only marmalade haters could resist .
A perfect sequel - an utterly charming , beautifully judged and genuinely heartwarming tale of triumph of good over evil
Too many times , a franchise has almost been taken by surprise at its success and produced a follow-up that is rushed and soulless . This film happily avoids that trap , but also might be one of the best movies of the year .
Mixing live action with CGI , it 's a wonderfully enjoyable and brightly coloured romp through a picture postcard pretty London and beyond .
A sure-footed , sweet-natured family comedy which is n't set at Christmas , but which glows with so much warmth and fun that it might well be a staple of festive television for years to come .
Effortlessly great , immensely satisfying .
A family adventure that 's the right sort of heartwarming , delivering real human emotion through the medium of a small bear .
He is a movie hero without a shade of cynicism , one who never loses either his sticky-pawed innocence or his idealism .
Paddington 2 is as irresistible as the dessert trolley our hero pilots , and as sweet as the marmalade that perpetually clags his fur .
Paddington 2 should be prescribed as an antidote to anyone who finds the madness of the modern world a bit wearing . It 's probably possible to not absolutely love it , but it 's hard to see how .
Paddington was uncommonly charming and Paddington 2 is very nearly as good .
Paddington 2 wo n't save the world , sadly , but it 's existence makes everything just that tiny bit better and more , well , bearable .
Another near-pawfect family entertainment , honoring the cozy , can-do spirit of Bond 's stories while bringing them smoothly into a bustling , diverse 21st-century London - with space for some light anti-Brexit subtext to boot .
The film is pitched with insouciant ease and a lightness of touch at both children and adults without any self-conscious shifts in irony or tone : it 's humour with the citrus tang of top-quality thick-cut marmalade .

@highlight

Paddington 2 honors its star 's rich legacy with a sweet-natured sequel whose adorable visuals are matched by a story perfectly balanced between heartwarming family fare and purely enjoyable all-ages adventure .