Gyllenhaal shines in gritty , haunting drug drama .
Maggie Gyllenhaal 's performance is wonderful , diving into this character that has barely anything worth sympathizing with ...
`` Sherrybaby '' is an insightful and penetrating drama that never condescends or sentimentalizes its subject . Maggie Gyllenhaal gives a tour de force performance that is not to be missed .
... generally manages to overcome its almost egregiously familiar sensibilities to become an entertaining -LRB- yet hopelessly uneven -RRB- piece of work .
You 'd swear Maggie Gyllenhaal grew up on the streets after seeing her in this gritty indie about a recovering heroin addict trying to go straight .
Maggie Gyllenhaal is an actress you simply can not take your eyes off of .
click for full review
Just as she did in the dark , sadomasochistic comedy `` Secretary , '' Gyllenhaal raises her share of eyebrows here , though for a whole host of different reasons .
A raw , startlingly honest central performance from Gyllenhaal .
Maggie Gyllenhaal plays the part with raw conviction and she is ably supported by a well-chosen cast .
A bittersweet tale of human failings and redemption which ought to establish Gyllenhaal as one of the best actresses around .
The film itself is a collection of emotional highs and mostly lows for Gyllenhaal , who elevates it all far above the slim story .
It 's the movie for you if you liked the pessimistic street view of Half Nelson .
Watching Maggie Gyllenhaal 's bare body and battered soul in Laurie Collyer 's quietly extraordinary Sherrybaby , you almost get a sense that the actress knows the load that was her star-making turn in Secretary ...
Like Vera Farmiga in DOWN TO THE BONE , Gyllenhaal creates a full-bodied portrait of a woman struggling with addictions . And like Felicity Huffman in TRANSAMERICA , Gyllenhaal elevates a flawed motion picture to a higher level .
Gyllenhaal could n't be better in service of a film that seems to focus on the wrong character ; the more interesting point of view would be Bobby 's , a gallant , unglamorous guy who 's trying to hold his family together in the midst of Hurricane Sherry .
The writing and directing by Laurie Collyer express an admirable naturalness and eschews rose-tinted solutions .
Gyllenhaal cria uma personagem complexa e real cujos acertos nos fazem torcer por seu sucesso e erros nos levam a lamentar por seu sofrimento . Além disso , Danny Trejo finalmente tem a chance de mostrar sua versatilidade , saindo-se excepcionalmente bem .
If it were n't for the nudity , I would have thought I was watching a Lifetime for Women TV movie .
As an actress , Ms. Gyllenhaal seems to steer clear of any parts that seek to exploit an audience 's weakness for conventionally happy endings . Her films are therefore always worth seeing .
The entire film is a sobering , sorrowful , but ultimately uplifting snapshot of an addict looking for salvation .
It 's obvious , but it needs to be said : oh Maggie , baby .
The wonder of Sherrybaby is that we can admire Sherry 's exuberance and evident love of life -- and the extraordinary actress who portrays her -- without really being sure where she 's going .
Like its hyped-up heroine , Sherrybaby , based on a true story , explodes with manic energy that keeps you riveted through parts that might otherwise be difficult to watch .
Gyllenhaal presents us with an indelible character study that will be seared into our minds for a long time to come .
This is a terrific film , even if it does make you uncomfortable . Every once in a while it 's good to go to a place we 'd rather not -- especially when that place is so well defined .
Maggie Gyllenhaal turns in the best female performance of the year so far , in a film that is striking in its authenticity .
Not only does Sherrybaby stir admiration for Gyllenhaal 's flexibility as an actress , but it accomplishes one of those delicate feats of good fiction : It reminds us to be empathetic to others .
The film works . It does n't go soft or inspirational in its later stages , when most films would . It does n't pump up the redemption or the melodrama .
I 'm not sure what writer-director Laurie Collyer 's point is
Clearly , Sherrybaby is tender , psychologically complex , perceptive and resoundingly redemptive in its reflection of womanly angst .
... nothing about this familiar story feels hackneyed or exploitative ...
... has nuance and complexity even in its seemingly throwaway title .
... Sherrybaby remains a lost soul , if not an absolute lost cause . And while we can pity her continued descent , it 's hard to want to watch .
... a movie bursting with nothingness .
... for all the missteps , Gyllenhaal gives such a riveting central performance , the others tend to blend into the background .
... there 's something nihilistic about having to watch Sherry regress to her not-so-happy childhood the moment she gets home , and something alienating about the way in which her compulsions completely overshadow her personality .
Sherrybaby is Gyllenhaal 's show ... and the gifted actress puts everything she 's got into it .
... emotionally arresting ...
... -LSB- Gyllenhaal -RSB- best , most nuanced work since that kinky-slinky turn in Secretary .
... Sherrybaby is not so much a film as a performance , and it 's a great one from Gyllenhaal .
Gyllenhaal holds the movie together with her performance , long enough for Collyer to get the story to a place where she can put her star to good use .
Mostly noteworthy for Maggie Gyllenhaal 's realistic portrayal of a troubled woman trying to get back her daughter .
Maggie Gyllenhaal in a top-drawer performance as a hopeful ex-con who is trying to turn her life around .
Sherry may represent a generation detached from its moorings , but as an individual , she 's no more than the sum of her pathologies .
What distinguishes the film from its many peers is the quality of Ms. Collyer 's writing -- which rarely reaches for obvious , melodramatic beats -- and the precision of Ms. Gyllenhaal 's performance .
No matter how much grit writer-director Laurie Collyer sprinkles on the surface , the innards of this baby are pure formula .
This probably sounds like yet another dreary problem drama but there 's nothing dreary about it .
Cranky and desperate , Gyllenhaal is impeccable , but this is such a familiar tale that the resolution can not help but feel predetermined .
Without Maggie Gyllenhaal 's all-out investment of compassion and perception it 's hard to imagine Sherrybaby being anything other than a spicier-than-average Lifetime movie .
Even more than the immature Sherry herself , it 's Sherrybaby 's storytelling that 's truly underdeveloped .
Features Maggie Gyllenhaal 's stunning performance .
What we have is a mostly depressing tale of possible salvation .
Sherrybaby is never really convincing outside of Gyllenhaal 's portrayal .
What do you need to recognize a captivating screen presence that can carry a movie , an Oscar nomination ? You might just get it here .
SherryBaby is more often concerned with getting everything right the American indie way rather than trying to probe its characters and situations for emotional truths .
The subject , a woman 's rehab problems after prison , has been done before , but writer-director Collyer -LRB- in her feature debut -RRB- , gets a fully realized performance from Maggie Gyllenhaal that rises above the familiar yarn .
Due to the unsympathetic nature of the lead character , it 's hard to emotionally invest in the film beyond that feeling of watching yet another Jerry Springer-friendly family adventure .
Writer/director Laurie Collyer is smart enough to know that Sherry is the main attraction here , and also that she was really fortunate to get an actress like Maggie G. to play the role .
The compassion of Collyer 's attitude toward her wayward and ultimately victimized protagonist slowly builds into a powerful statement on the possibilities of redemption for even the most lost .
A moving drama of one young mother 's drug addiction .
Gyllenhaal , in her most substantial role since Secretary , does a fine , unshowy job of limning Sherry 's faults without alienating the viewer or pleading for sympathy .






@highlight

Maggie Gyllenhaal delivers riveting performance as a recovering drug addict in a depressing and not entirely believable movie .