It should appeal to fans of offbeat character-driven dramas - not to mention fans of Cera himself , who 's embracing these morally ambiguous characters with gusto .
The best surprise of this movie is that there is no heavy-handed moral , no anti-drug -LRB- or pro-drug , even -RRB- rhetoric , and no catharsis .
Crystal Fairy is all about that uneasy destination : never in sight but always on the edge of perception .
Low-key , naturalistic and original , Sebastian Silva 's study of two Americans finding their way in Chile is an often funny , always compelling journey that rings true .
The summer of cokehead Michael Cera continues .
It 's a messy film , but it hits more than it misses , sometimes landing on something emotionally resonant .
Deadpan funny as a comedy .
Silva fails to cook up anything more than unfulfilled potential in this half-baked movie .
It pootles around in vaguely trippy fashion , relying on loose improvisation as the characters variously get on each other 's nerves -LRB- and ours -RRB- before reaching a collective one-ness with the universe . Or something .
An engaging , rambling affair that is pleasant to watch and easy to forget . But it does the job of proving that there 's a lot more to Michael Cera than previously met the eye .
Films do n't get much more offbeat than this trippy comedy-drama about Americans in Chile .
A trip worth taking .
Cera 's chin may be weak , but his strength as an actor can not be denied .
Not much happens , and its roots as an improvised project do show through , but the film does have the authentic ring of carefree wanderlust about it .
It is an odd film in many ways , but immensely likeable , and expertly improvised by a talented cast .
Stretches of improv with passers-by means the film can resemble one of those What the Director Did on His Holidays doodles , yet its breeziness is oddly warming : Silva 's open to the elements in ways his blinkered protagonist only claims to be .
Silva 's freewheeling direction is pleasantly at odds with the angst on screen .
Engaging , painfully awkward road trip drama enlivened by a pair of strong performances from Michael Cera and Gaby Hoffmann , which it 's slightly weakened by an underwhelming finale .
While never hugely memorable , it 's funny and engaging in the moment .
The film 's effect , probably like that of the San Pedro cactus , is pleasant , dreamy , hippy-evanescent and very años sesenta .
Crystal and Jamie ... inscribe a part of their small lives in this eternal landscape , with -LSB- writer director Sebastián -RSB- Silva trusting his viewers to perform the excavation for themselves .
The adequate , amber-toned digital look , corny scoring , historically accurate costuming , era-appropriate peopling , and slowly-connect-the-dots storytelling together give the film the competent , stolid feel of a well-made informational video in a museum .
The semi-improvised plot is thinner than Cera 's man-boy face-fluff , but Silva 's curio works best as a free-wheeling character piece , splicing oddball comedy with discreet depths .
A reminder of formative times in our young lives . You want to remain forever with these characters in this wonderful moment . But you know that the moment has passed .
The revelation here is Hoffmann - who here finds a new - and very naked - way to play a hippie character
the film focuses on a much more interesting transformative trip
The first act seems to promise 70 more minutes of rambling episodes , at the overbearing whim of a director toying with an insufferable protagonist . It 's a bit of a shock , then , when Crystal Fairy turns out to be really good .
It 's loopy and random , dispensing a weird coming-of-age tale that Silva keeps hidden until you 've nearly given up hope there was ever any meaning to it all .
`` Crystal Fairy '' is a funny and authentic look at two very distinct types of Americans abroad , who ca n't escape themselves no matter how far they go .
Somehow or other , I ended up finding the movie strangely compelling . There 's something appealing here .
Writer-director Sebastián Silva takes viewers on a physical , spiritual , hallucinogenic journey . He 's a marvelous filmmaker and storyteller .
Cera takes a road trip ... and a mescaline trip
It has an air of authenticity , loose and free-flowing ... -LRB- which -RRB- works very well thematically , as Cera and Hoffmann explore two different versions of aimlessness .
The road trip/buddy film has been with us for many decades but helmer/scribe Sebastien Silva and his stars give it their own delightful spin .
Time marches on , and Hoffman and Cera with it . Gone is their childhood charm and naivety ; replaced by two talented and daring actors making the most of a flawed , but occasionally fascinating movie to prove emphatically they 're not kids anymore .
Jamie and Crystal Fairy , though slightly exaggerated for comic effect , are still truer representations of gringo backpackers than I 've ever seen on film .
-LSB- Cera -RSB- has transformed himself from one of the most irritating actors of his generation to one of the best .
Like the hallucinogenic brew the film 's American drug tourist painstakingly distills from a purloined San Pedro cactus , it demonstrates that a simple formula can produce a potent effect .
Pleasant enough but not terribly satisfying .
it 's great to see -LSB- Michael Cera -RSB- upending his sweet man-child persona ... But the real revelation of `` Crystal Fairy '' is former child actress Gaby Hoffman
A highly improvised , Chilean-set travelogue that unfolds in long , shaggy , straggling stretches seemingly meant to mimic and induce the frazzled vexation of its protagonist .
Consistently funny and fascinating .
While the pleasures of Silva 's trippy road-trip movie are mostly minor , it still does something major by eliciting Cera 's boldest performance to date .
Shot on the fly , while Silva , Cera & Co. were waiting to make another movie , Crystal Fairy ends up on a beach , and ends up resonating with a pesky charm .
Watching other people on a drug trip is never much fun .
Part drug comedy , part psychological drama , the movie is slight , but only superficially so .
The clash of cultures is harrowing and sometimes hilarious .
The film becomes a road trip to awareness .
`` Crystal Fairy '' is n't going to be the mind-expanding movie buzz that blows your mind , but in its laconic , trippy way it gets under the skin .
The movie is a little Mobius strip of laughter and pain .
It 's rambling and spaced-out , with an absurdly severe conclusion that mucks with the strange tonality of the work , yet writer/director/co-star Sebastian Silva finds a breezy rhythm that 's worth a look .
Writer and director Sebastian Silva based his film on his own experiences but allows his actors so much space and time that you feel as if you could be watching home movies .
It 's largely improvised , and feels that way , but the casual verisimilitude makes up for occasionally excessive meandering .
Director Sebastián Silva seems to be whispering that we should n't be taken in by the movie 's casual , spontaneous feel , that deep matters are afoot . I 'm not sold .
Silva based the story on a personal experience from his early 20s , which he realizes with vivid detail and wry , humane observation ; the humor is sweet and lingers in the memory .
Ultimately , `` Crystal Fairy '' is a film about redemption and what 's great about movies is that you only have to spend an hour and a half with these oblivious people before they get it .
A film that 's funny , touching and startlingly unique .
Based on a true story , using improvised dialogue and a handheld camera , `` Crystal Fairy '' feels authentic .
Sometimes funny and ultimately devastating .
Hoffmann , the onetime juvenile actress , can get a reaction from anyone , even a dead rabbit .
Terrific acting , especially from Gaby Hoffman , but this is a slim movie that drifts toward its conclusion without much urgency .
A perplexing movie that does certain things so well you can mostly forgive it for the things it does n't . Mostly .
Very sloppy drama about a young American drug tourist in Chile determined to find a mescaline-rich cactus in the country 's remote north offers nothing beyond beach and desert scenery and plenty of totally gratuitous Gaby Hoffmann nudity .
The ending sneaks up on you with a surprising bit of emotional catharsis , thanks largely to a brave , complex performance from former child star Gaby Hoffmann .
A witty riff on the ugly American ... Further proof that Cera has a lot more range -LRB- and daring -RRB- than haters give him credit for .
Scenic , short and slight , the film manages to avoid the tendency to make these sort of big-screen excursions more tedious than actual road trips .
We already knew that jerks are n't necessarily interesting . Nor is watching footage of other people doing drugs .
Offbeat , well-acted dramedy about search for hallucinogen .
-LSB- This -RSB- trippy comic odyssey may not be for everyone . But Crystal Fairy gives off fumes that deliver a indisputable high .
-LSB- A -RSB- small , lovely road movie ...
Even with shaggy , semi-improvised projects like Crystal Fairy , there 's a need for some kind of conclusion , and Silva devises one that 's simultaneously terribly contrived and by far the most powerful scene in the movie .
On paper , this all sounds like a nightmare for any sober viewer . But Silva keeps things on the right path , deftly digging into overlooked corners of the American psyche .
The film gains a ramshackle quality that 's difficult to resist .
The plot , slender though it is , takes them to a beach where they plan to boil a stolen cactus and get high on its famed hallucinogenic properties . So why do we feel the strictures of Indiewood cuteness kick in before the drugs ?
This is a road-trip comedy and a drug-trip comedy , but one that refuses easy clichés and whose ultimate intentions are a lot more sober and mysterious than that sounds .
Every clear-eyed insight into why pushy people insist on pushing is matched by loose ensemble humor and lyric reveries ...
While the film is loose , there 's never a moment where you 're taken out of the picture by realizing the actors might not know where they 're heading next .
The comedic styles of Chilean director Sebastián Silva and Michael Cera could n't have less in common .
Gaby Hoffmann attacks the character of Crystal Fairy with wild abandon , vigor , and tons of emotional investment - all solidifying her as one of the most interesting on-screen personalities to appear this year .
There 's so much baggage involved in the kind of dilettantish games Jamie and Crystal are playing that it 's a shame that the film never fully engages with these enticing issues .
The movie actually plays not unlike the all-night hallucinatory drug experience that its characters seek - there are some ups and downs but the crash comes long before the sun comes up .
an unusually insightful look at self-imposed false identities and group dynamics
Stoner arthouse , if you will .
The sparse plot nonetheless provides opportunities for a little self-reflection and some original , dark humor , making the druggy affair a worthwhile trip to the theater .
Whether Crystal Fairy will play well to those who are n't familiar with drugs or drug culture remains to be seen . I can say though that I absolutely loved this film and would highly recommend you give it a shot .
Uneven - but often hilarious . Gaby Hoffman is terrific .
Crystal Fairy is an acid trip where the frequent bonhomie is doused by sobering introspection .

@highlight

Slight and unpolished , The Crystal Fairy is held together with Sebastian Silva 's assured direction and a pair of strong , committed performances from Michael Cera and Gaby Hoffman .