Director Jason Osder has created a film that is an accurate capsule of one extraordinary human rights violation approved and carried out by the political hierarchy of Philadelphia in 1983 .
There have been many documentaries comprised entirely out of archival footage , but few as powerfully and masterfully structured as this one .
Director Jason Osder 's grieving account of the deadly police assault on the MOVE collective 's fortified Philadelphia row house works small , continuous miracles with a variety of existing footage .
-LSB- This historic footage -- from newsreels , TV stations once-live coverage , from several investigating commissions -- has been edited , brilliantly into a coherent , important political film .
Jason Osder 's stunning debut documentary offers a disturbing look at a forgotten tragedy .
-LSB- Osder -RSB- cuts between news footage of the events as they unfurled and testimony from hearings held afterward to create a stark , nonjudgmental portrait of an incident that probably need n't have happened .
It 's a remarkably evenhanded telling of a story in which there could be no winners , using archival footage alone .
Let The Fire Burn is an incendiary documentary that uses archival footage to weave a compelling , all-important tale of tragedy bred from anger and misunderstanding .
`` Let the Fire Burn '' offers a searing picture of how dumb and dangerous humans can be .
It 's scary as both a movie and a still-reverberating moment in time .
Brilliantly edited , the film moves back and forth in time , first tracking the events leading up to the confrontation through news reports of the day .
A unique and disturbing work , Jason Osder 's documentary `` Let the Fire Burn '' uses only archival footage to tell the story of a terrible day in a Philadelphia neighborhood 28 years ago .
Eschews talking-heads tradition in its potent examination of the 1985 Philadelphia police firebombing of a radical group known as MOVE .
Osder creates both intensity and intimacy , inviting viewers simply to watch and listen as a tragedy - born of unchecked aggression , incoherent ideology and appallingly faulty logic - unfolds .
Apart from the score and the very occasional basic intertitle to help us along , all we see and hear is footage from the day . We 're immersed in the present of this world .
It 's gripping and shocking .
Mesmerizing and provocative , Burn creates an unnerving atmosphere of troubling decisions on both sides of the conflict , permitting the viewer to understand the thought process that went into the explosive endgame .
Quietly terrifying .
No contemporary talking heads ; none needed .
A stain on a city 's past
Shocking events in Philadelphia get their day at the movies
Piecing the components together , and only sparingly deploying intertitle cards for clarity , Let the Fire Burn brings this 28-year-old tragedy front and center again - vividly , viscerally .
Uses no narrators , talking heads or fancy graphics to tell its devastating story . It does n't need to .
Eloquent , even-handed , and meticulously constructed ...
Comes at the material in a fascinating , counterintuitive way . Powerful and heartbreaking
Missing are modern-day talking head interviews with analysts or those who were there in 1985 . This does not help those unfamiliar with the deadly event to get the historical perspective of time .
It earns its considerable impact by telling an unnerving story and leaving it , in ways both daring and effective , fundamentally unresolved .
Jason Osder 's gripping documentary revisits the notorious 1985 police raid against the black liberation group MOVE in west Philadelphia .
Resurrecting into the present literally from the ashes and beneath the rubble of the dubious past , are lessons gleaned from the Philly police bombing and incineration of MOVE members . Shedding a light on a dark US history of war against its own people .
First-time filmmaker Osder , with masterful editing by Nels Bangerter , has crafted a captivating and taut documentary .
-LSB- A -RSB- lean and deeply unsettling archival-footage documentary .
Let the Fire Burn offers an even-handed depiction of the racial conflict that led to the conflagration on Osage Avenue .
The pure-archive approach leaves a taste of despair ; civic governance , it seems , ca n't even promise not to kill you .
The second most striking thing about Jason Osder 's documentary Let The Fire Burn is that it 's composed entirely of archival footage . But the most striking thing is the actual story it tells with that footage .
Jason Osder 's riveting documentary chronicles the escalating confrontations between the Philadelphia police and the radical group Move .
Seamlessly fashioned from television news footage , public hearings and other sources , the movie relives an incredible chapter in American history .
A first-rate piece of forensic filmmaking .
There 's never enough information .
An unnerving , all-archival account of Philadelphia citizens suddenly terrorized by the unchecked violence of rogue `` law and order . ''
Let the Fire Burn is a time machine . It shows there are truths out there waiting to be found-that footage already shot can make history in all its terrible finality breathe .
Let the Fire Burn outshines the lackluster likes of Our Nixon by combining the death-trip of a Senna with the radical history of Black Power Mixtape .
Telling its riveting , despairing tale entirely through archival footage , the terrific documentary `` Let the Fire Burn '' has the force and intrigue of a courtroom thriller .
... superbly cool-headed

@highlight

Smartly edited and heartbreakingly compelling , Let the Fire Burn uses archival footage to uncover a troubling -- and still deeply resonant -- chapter in American history .