Starts off with a whimper and ends with a bang , as all good horror films should .
A confident , rough , and confrontational horror film .
... The Woman suffers from a pervasively low-rent feel that remains a distraction from start to finish ...
There are really no artistic merits to be found here . The film glorifies violence and is overly offensive in every way possible .
I wish this movie were as offensive as it wants to be : that revulsion would have given me something to do during this movie other than watch it .
McKee , never one to shy away from controversy , juggles some impressive themes , including civility , raw emotion and the true nature of crime .
It 's an unflinching and ballsy film which serves as a great reminder that there 's still powerful storytelling alive in the horror genre
Calculatedly ugly and undeservedly controversial .
Not only is it banal in a kitchen sink way , it 's just a reiteration of the same argument .
Subtle as a mugging and gleefully outrageous , `` The Woman '' is a feminist parable disguised as a sicko midnight horror movie .
-LSB- G -RSB- naws at our notions of what 's proper and what 's improper , dredging up unexpected horrors from the most banal of ordinariness ...
The Woman suggests that perhaps May was merely a fluke . A bafflingly angry , ugly demonstration of dehumanization , the feature is a glacial , low-rent addition to the suffering subgenre .
Rewards your endurance with an utterly insane 30-minute climax of violence , audacious gore and all-around bad behavior .
Feral woman meets a lawyer/monster .
... despite its reputation as a gratuitous shockfest , -LRB- it 's -RRB- tense , well-paced , and does have some social commentary to make . By way of screaming , of course .
The characters and the audience alike will have to endure much misery and a ham-fisted illustration of gender dynamics , offered up as an especially cockeyed comedy of manners ...
Suspenseful , disturbing and creepy . Pollyanna McIntosh gives a raw , brave performance .
`` The Woman '' is a pretty good horror movie , with interesting performances .
Excitingly unique , deeply disturbing , and beautifully macabre . Why ca n't more films be as proudly one-of-a-kind as this one ?
Like David Cronenberg and Roman Polanski , Mr. McKee is a master at drawing suspense from pregnant silences .
-LRB- S -RRB- omething of a masterpiece - a weird work of art , but a surreality to celebrate none the less .
Director Lucky McKee and veteran horror scribe Jack Ketchum take elements of lesser horror movies ... and twists them into a unique and fascinating original .
`` The Woman '' is disturbing , lurid and perverse , but that is n't necessarily bad : Horror buffs , especially fans of Ketchum , will be overcome with joy and excitement .
There are times when the movie , through both image and sound , approaches an almost Lynchian type of unsettling nightmare .
This is daring , dark material that approaches satire in its exploration of the hideous underbelly of America . It 's American Beauty meets Hostel ... and I mean that as a compliment .
If you are willing to be taken to the edge of horror , this is a picture you 'll want to pay attention to .
`` The Woman '' is an affront to human decency that no self-respecting critic -LRB- even this tolerant horror fan -RRB- would enthusiastically endorse .
Like films which imply that the insane are running the asylum , `` The Woman '' questions the civilization of the civilized with their ` family values ' and assigned gender roles .
The mix of blunt sexual politics and dime-store-paperback luridness has the bracing quality of tub-brewed rotgut .
Its muddled finale feels like a manifestation of Weezer 's ` Undone -LRB- The Sweater Song -RRB- , ' but this Woman is undeniably unforgettable , and in a world of carefully measured entertainment that 's certainly saying something .
-LSB- A -RSB- barely competent domestic thriller , bound to make you groan more than think .
The Woman never gets under the skin , and its artsy-languid pacing and incessant lite-metal commentary tunes finally seem like part of an effort to disguise what it really is : torture porn for people who 'd never admit to liking torture porn .
McKee and his co-writer , novelist Jack Ketchum , take the bitty and occasionally sluggish narrative from matter-of-fact realism to all-out nastiness .
More exploitation sleaze than serious provocation .
Smartly directed and featuring an impressively committed performance from British actress Pollyanna McIntosh , this is a disturbing , lurid horror with some strong violence and a relentlessly dark tone that may prove too much for some .
It 's a muddled , muffled , extremely unpleasant film that fails to illuminate the true story on which it is allegedly based .
Stylish and well-acted but also pretty sick-making .
McKee 's oblique storytelling and Sean Spillane 's mournful music add unusual textures to an otherwise savage attack on patriarchy .
McKee not only succeeds in taking us to the most depraved depths of the human soul but also makes no apologies ...
The movie 's intended fan base is questionable , but the neutrality of its tone is a masterstroke .
An overhyped and crudely constructed little item - you would n't need to be repulsed to find ample reasons to leave .
Delivers a knockout punch of violence that should have some cheering and others chewing their dinner back down .
So horrifying it caused a number of hardcore journos to storm out of its Sundance screening , but if you 've got thick , thick skin , you might find something here .
a ferociously confronting satire of American family values - with real bite .
McKee is a real voice for the horror genre ; he does n't let the violence negate his keen-eyed examination of middle-class insulation , nor the other way around .
The film reflects a director finally melding his technical skill and vision with material that pushes his often-used themes to the limit , artistically and intellectually .
Less of a horror movie and more of a jet black satire of good ole ' fashioned American family values , The Woman tackles gender politics in a way you 've never seen them tackled before .
Emotionally , it takes us where few horror films do .
This is dark , challenging stuff with a dead-eye for satire and a fantastically out-of-control final act that will equally please the horror fan inside as well as the part that understands what is going on beneath the violence .

@highlight

Strange , audacious , and aggressive , The Woman is an uneven horror flick that game viewers with a wildly bloody finale .