The result is something we 've never seen before - a new type of film - call it psycho-documentary - that 's not just about mass crimes but the state of mind that produced them .
-LSB- An -RSB- innovative piece of filmmaking so breathtakingly daring and powerful , it replaces your oxygen with awe .
The visual highs and emotional payoffs contained within the film are well worth slogging through its slow patches .
Fascinated by the action on screen , we might almost overlook the skill with which The Act of Killing has been conceived , edited , and directed .
The Act of Killing is as much a movie about the movies as it is a movie about real-life horror .
It 's graceful and eloquent , and it has as its subject a lierotten culture-not merely in the official cant , but in the hearts and minds of even the poorest people .
Through its audacious and confrontational conceit , Killing offers piercing insights into the minds of murderers .
Once you grasp just what is being enacted on the screen , The Act of Killing becomes something like a candy-colored moral migraine . An existential nausea is inevitable .
A warped phantasmagoria of denial that is essential viewing , even though it 's almost impossible to watch .
Maddening , sorrowful , brilliant , and unforgettable .
The film of the year , if not the decade , if not documentary history .
Most challengingly , though , there is something palpably cathartic about the ritual of the re-creations .
One of the most audacious documentaries ever made , this mind-boggling film forces us to examine our opinions about human history far beyond the events covered on-screen .
Bizarre documentary featuring Hollywood-inspired , interpretive song and dance reenactments of ethnic cleansing in Indonesia .
Offers too many repetitive sections in which Anwar and company seem to be waxing nostalgic rather than exploring the implications of what they did .
Raw and wrenching but narrow retro-focus on the slaughter of millions of Indonesian leftists in collusion with the CIA . But much like Out Of The Furnace , locating truth evasively within the masses , rather than tracing US government and economic roots .
It 's a long and uncomfortable journey , but The Act of Killing is also fascinating , using film as a hall of mirrors to reveal not just the faces , but the twisted souls , of murderers .
Oppenheimer demonstrates how easily the passive spectator can become an unlikely abettor , and the great cause of his film is to make his actors and audience recognize their moral culpability .
-LSB- The film explores -RSB- what happens when you give those who have done something terrible -LRB- in this case , killing thousands -RRB- a forum through which to tell their story to see if a new perspective changes their attitude .
The shock of the final scene must be left unspoken ; suffice to say its impact exceeds even the nightmarish queasiness which this brilliant and horrible film has striven to contain .
-LSB- There is -RSB- an emotional disconnect that seems downright dangerous in a film about genocide .
I hate to make statements like this , but here it comes : The Act of Killing may be the strangest documentary you see this year -LRB- this decade ? -RRB- .
The cameras bring out the worst in all concerned , who think nothing of singing and dancing about mass murder .
This is living history as a surreal pageant .
The emotionally manipulative use of some of the material raises all kinds of questions about veracity .
One thing 's for sure . You wo n't see another documentary like this one .
Of all the uncomfortable experiences you might endure in the name of understanding the evils of history , this film is arguably the kind that is most necessary .
The Act of Killing works brilliantly on many levels , capturing like no other documentary I have seen , like no other film I can imagine , the fevered insanity of those days .
The originality of The Act of Killing lies in Oppenheimer 's decision to treat artifice as a roundabout path to truth .
Bizarre , hypnotic , audacious .
The emotional places this troubling movie takes him to are rewardingly primal and potent , forcing both subject and viewer to wrestle with internal demons .
I certainly do not move that the film should be suppressed , only that one should know what it is . It is a bath in a smiling madness .
A haunting true story confessional doc about the mass killings of a million people depicted as communists in the Indonesia of 1965 and 1966 .
This film is a prime example of how art can succeed where textbooks and historical works sometimes fail . It is also an example of how Hollywood films can inspire murderers to kill thousands of people with style .
the company films -LSB- the killers -RSB- re-enacting their murders in the style of American gangster films and lavish musicals , claiming to film them for a movie .
Extraordinarily original , psychologically acute and profoundly disturbing ...
A truly haunting documentary masterpiece .
The film is far too long and repetitive , even though it 's often gobsmacking in its frank portrayal of these truly nasty , ugly human beings who boast on television about their killings and are ready to keep on killing . Nay , keen to do so
Probably the most horrifying and , at the same time , compelling movie you 're likely to see this year . It 's difficult to endure , yet impossible not to watch .
Director Joshua Oppenheimer shines a light on one of the 20th century 's most under-reported atrocities , but his film , years in the making , is so much more than a straightforward history lesson .
On the one hand , Congo and his pals are pure , unadulterated evil . Yet they all worked in a system which still embraces them to this day , to an ends where everyone agrees the means were justified .
This is a horrifying , unflinching film with Congo serving as the darkest heart of a past that continues to go unpunished and seems ready to repeat itself at any moment .
Oppenheimer captures dozens of shocking , candid moments ... My initial reaction was disbelief .
By turning murder into performance , `` The Act of Killing '' dramatizes the perverted hearts of these men , the twisted mental leaps they needed to feel okay , and even proud , of what they 've done .
A powerful look at an Indonesian atrocity
. . intentionally keeps comprehension at bay , and therein lies its moral forcefulness .
This stunning `` documentary of the imagination '' shows Anwar and other thugs staging scenes of torture and murder for the camera .
An odd but riveting film that slowly peels back the veneer of one man 's tough-guy image and illustrates the very real psychic toll of murder .
Absolutely shattering .
In The Act of Killing , director Joshua Oppenheimer pulls off the impossible : He confronts great , incomprehensible evil and puts a human face on it .
The film absolutely does n't glamorize this behavior , and it 's staggering the matter-of-fact manner with which some of these killers and corruption advocates speak .
These bizarre images distract from the question at the center of the film : whether it was film-watching itself that carried the seed of all this cruelty .
This film is jaw-dropping . It 's a must-see .
The Absurd-Banal-Hideous-O-Meter hits eleven and breaks .
The best documentary to grace U.S. screens in years . It 's horrifying , riveting , and even , at times , darkly funny .
The Act of Killing allows the victors a forum to elaborate on their story , and , by their own hands , these aged conquerors unwittingly rewrite aspects of the history that has propped them up for so many decades .
... a fascinating exploration into the ways that guilt can manifest itself ... a mind-boggling two hours .
`` The Act of Killing '' is difficult to watch because it toys with your emotions . These men repel you , yet simultaneously , draw you to them , as they nonchalantly and proudly brag about their work .
A shocking exhibition of what Hannah Arendt called the banality of evil -- or , in this case , the absurdity of evil .
` The Act of Killing ' is unsettling in drawing in the viewer , in almost humanizing its unrepentant vile inhuman men who in theory did not act for personal motives .
Joshua Oppenheimer 's documentary interviews leaders of Indonesian death squads responsible for deaths of millions & has them re-enact the killings . The combination of drama therapy and accidental self-exposure - utterly bizarre , unexpected and valuable .
-LSB- A -RSB- unique and unforgettable documentary .
The Act of Killing will mesmerize , confound and haunt you . From the opening scenes you 'll wonder if what you 're watching is real . And by the end you 'll wish that it had all been a horrible fever dream .
The acts it describes are shocking , the world it shows is shocking and the filmmaking itself is shocking . This is not a film easily forgotten .
There is no sense of remorse in these men for what they did to so many innocent people and that ... is chilling .
Watching these crazy loons make a movie about their crimes against humanity may not be the most pleasant way to spend an evening . But you ca n't deny that it 's utterly fascinating .
Directors Joshua Oppenheimer and Christine Cynn have created something extraordinary in The Act of Killing , the much-talked-about documentary about torture and murder during the Indonesian dictatorship of the '60s and '70s .
A horrifying yet mesmerizing work , `` The Act of Killing '' instructively meanders at times as in a Werner Herzog film .
This riveting documentary about political mass murder in Indonesia incorporates the killers ' own movie fantasies about their massacres and deepens our understanding of the fascist brain .
It is utterly chilling .
Better characters could hardly have been invented .
What Oppenheimer is after is a parallel story , a glimpse into the minds of men who can recount mass killings and think `` Those were the days . ''
`` The Act of Killing '' works on so many levels -- psychodrama , horror movie , Orwellian nightmare , Poe story -- that sifting through your reactions could take days .
I ca n't be more direct . `` The Act of Killing '' is one of the most extraordinary films you 'll ever encounter , not to mention one of the craziest filmmaking concepts anywhere , and that includes the whole Bollywood thing .
It 's a tough watch , but it 's not like anything you 've ever seen .
It 's a film that is absolutely hard to watch . It 's also a film that absolutely should be seen .
Anwar Congo may be the scariest person you 'll see on screen this year .
Oppenheimer allows murderous thugs free rein to preen their atrocities , and then fobs it all off as some kind of exalted art thing . This is more than an aesthetic crime ; it 's a moral crime .
If director Joshua Oppenheimer occasionally loses his way in his own narrative , where this picture demands attention is in its chilling portrait of indoctrination and evil .
Whatever you call it , The Act of Killing is a must-see .
It 's a mind-bending film , devastating and disorienting , that disturbs us in ways we 're not used to being disturbed ...
-LSB- It -RSB- may be one of the most horrifying films you 'll ever see , and one of the most edifying .
It 's a gut-wrenching and emotionally exhausting look at impunity that resonates far beyond its obscure central conflict .
A cynically exploitative film made in the name of human rights , which it has about as much to do with as the Punked show on MTV .
Presenting a terrifying view of a hidden holocaust and a moral apocalypse in which the most basic humanities have become twisted beyond recognition , The Act of Killing is a towering achievement in filmmaking , documentary or otherwise .
The magnitude of this achievement , this depiction of a diseased and corrupt society that is in so many ways similar to our own , can not be understated .
I have watched hundreds of hours of war crimes , genocides and miscarriages of justice carried out by unremarkable men with dimly lit souls . `` The Act of Killing '' bids to outdo them all .
It will leave you breathless .
It 's a virtually unprecedented social document .
The cumulative impact is devastating , and very far from a simple Western condemnation of another country 's brutality .
Atrocity hides beneath a grandfather 's gentle smile in `` The Act of Killing , '' Joshua Oppenheimer 's remarkable , unnerving documentary portrait of barbarity and its lasting legacies .
Among the most profound , formally complex , and emotionally overpowering documentaries I 've ever seen .
As filming continues , the quiet brilliance behind the assignment comes to light .
Ultimately , The Act Of Killing acknowledges that while Oppenheimer may have subtly tortured their conscience , these thugs are paying no real price .
Prepare to be shocked , disgusted , enraged and emotionally devastated . It 's the most terrifying film in years .
This chilling documentary , executive produced by Werner Herzog and Errol Morris , has a twisted but illuminating point of entry .
This is not a movie that lets go of you easily .
There are good reasons to see The Act of Killing , a new documentary directed by Joshua Oppenheimer , but pleasure is not among them .
You 've never seen anything like The Act of Killing .
By tackling one man 's sense of right and wrong -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- , Oppenheimer is ultimately tackling human nature .
The film is so shocking and depressing that its subjects ' utter disconnection from morality would almost be funny if it was n't so frightening .
Remarkably complex documentary about Indonesian genocide has the unrepentant , unpunished perpetrators make a movie about what they did in 1965 .
However , by humanizing psychopathic behavior , `` The Act of Killing '' is unparalleled in its unsettling perspective on the delusions associated with dictatorial extremes .
A supreme testament to the cinema 's capacity for inquiry , confrontation , and remembrance .
A surreal , chilling and unprecedented examination of atrocity and accountability , it 's difficult to think of another documentary -- or piece of media -- that so thoroughly captures a mass murderer 's conscience -- as well as charting its evolution .
Crime but no punishment in remarkably revealing film about Indonesian death squads .
A blood-boiling look at a crime whose perpetrators remain national heroes in their native Indonesia .
`` The Act of Killing '' is disquieting , uncomfortable ... and riveting . ''
The most gut-wrenching ` making of ' documentary of all time .
Bizarre to the point of trippiness , yet it 's one of the most lucid portraits of evil I 've ever seen .
At once the most micro and meta combination of cinéma vérité , documentary , and docudrama filmmaking techniques ever assembled , Joshua Oppenheimer 's `` The Act of Killing '' is an earth-shattering cinema experience .
As insights into the darkest corners of human mentality go , this is a truly remarkable , real-life alternative to movies like Downfall -LRB- the last days of Hitler -RRB- and The Last King of Scotland -LRB- the Idi Amin story -RRB- .
Joshua Oppenheimer 's The Act of Killing is , at the very least , unlike anything we 've seen before . Gruelling , harrowing , and weirdly funny .
A film that would be a satire were it not so chillingly real .
The Act of Killing and its backstory no doubt have more to reveal upon closer investigation , though what it 's shown is already hard to forget .
This is an unflinching , captivating documentary that does much more than simply record or readdress history - it uses cinema as both judge and jury for a one-time executioner .
Opppenheimer 's high-risk strategy of avoiding historical analysis and giving the film over to bragging mass murderers pays huge dividends .
Unspeakable horror and utterly mundane madness are thrown together in the existential equivalent of the Large Hadron Collider - fact and fiction meeting head on with quietly earth-shattering results .
Unforgettable . A no-fooling work of genius .
The director has hit upon a form that renders these atrocities ... as unsparing X-rays of the murderers ' vast delusions .
It 's one of the most gruelling and disturbing films you will ever see but , if you want the truth , essential .
This ideological push and pull at the film 's core supplies it with a sense of high drama . How far can Oppenheimer indulge the whims of his subject to further calcify his demonic inner-nature ?
An astonishing documentary that 's essential viewing for anyone wishing to understand the darker aspects of the human condition .
It is a gut-churning film : and a radical dive into history , grabbing the past in a way a conventional documentary would not .
First , the film beggars belief . Then it sends belief running into the hills , screaming for help and understanding .
This movie is essential .
Joshua Oppenheimer 's film leaves too many questions unanswered but it 's a chilling demonstration of the banality of evil and an eye-opening portrait of a corrupt nation .
Hopefully there will be as much of a lasting effect on the killers as this picture has on the viewer , in a feature that is n't likely to escape you easily .
A sizzling doc that focuses on the repulsive bragging of two unpunished mass murderers treated by their government as heroes .
You may need a stiff drink and a lie down afterwards .
This extraordinary work serves up a series of shocking and surreal sequences , and uses the artifice of filmmaking to expose horrendous truths .
Evil has rarely seemed so banal .
Documentary cinema has a new apex .
The importance of this doco can not be overstated in exposing a corrupt regime , highlighting the dangers of propaganda and holding a warped mirror to the monsters that walk the Earth as free men
The brutal honesty that fills The Act Of Killing is a true testament to Joshua Oppenheimer 's crafty documentarian skills which emotionally break characters down without them even knowing .
A startling wake-up call to the pornography of violence and its major role in crimes against humanity .
In Joshua Oppenheimer 's extraordinary The Act of Killing , film becomes the medium for a bold historical reckoning -- and in more ways than one .
The Act of Killing is about the horrific past that warped and still rules Indonesia 's present , but it 's also about the stories we all construct so we can live with ourselves .
One of this decade 's most important and most harrowing documentaries , The Act of Killing is a shattering take on the nature of evil .
Almost every frame is astonishing .
A minor miracle

@highlight

Raw , terrifying , and painfully difficult to watch , The Act of Killing offers a haunting testament to the edifying , confrontational power of documentary cinema .