A thriller of sorts that starts reasonably well before drifting to an aimless halt .
The film 's reluctance to overinvest in its religious significance will certainly not satisfy the spiritual nor will it come as a welcome relief to the skeptical , placing the overall audience in a state of limbo .
Captive is TV veteran Jerry Jameson 's first theatrical feature since Airport ' 77 . That 's by far the most interesting thing about it .
So inept a film , so bland and monotonous , that it fails even to serve as the blatant ad for the certain Christian motivational book it would appear to be .
How does an actor depict something as ineffable and internal as undergoing a spiritual awakening ? Mara does it with only the darting of her eyes and the slowing of her breath , and it 's an extraordinary moment that should be remembered come Oscar time .
Finally , Christian audiences have a top-notch , captivating film .
Hostage thriller about escaped prisoner has violence , drugs .
Hokey nonsense designed to celebrate the power of piety .
It 's never clear to what extent God really touched these characters , nor do you ever really fear for Ashley 's life . The result has a TV movie feel .
Committed performances from the two leads provide ballast , although the inevitable Oprah coda feels a little too much like a sales pitch .
There is a moral somewhere in Captive but it is hard to work out what it is .
You feel as if you have sat through a modestly interesting picture under mostly false pretences .
What begins as a straightforward thriller tracing a manhunt following a lethal courthouse shooting bizarrely morphs into a paean to the powers of a Christianity-themed self-help book .
Profoundly idiotic .
The film 's whole agenda is the problem .
The actors are committed - Mara , generally waif-like , appears frail indeed - but there 's barely anything worth committing to .
Solid but wholly unspectacular real-life crime drama that is only in the least bit cinematic because of its leads .
Captive , to my chagrin , never finds its story -- that is , it never finds the meaning , the arc , the narrative that justifies its retelling .
They let the story , both fascinating and inspiring , speak for itself , and leave the rest to Mara and Oyelowo , each of them perfectly cast .
Yawn .
Captive seems more concerned with delivering empty platitudes than with even beginning to address the complex root causes of human suffering .
The thin story has been stretched like Silly Putty to feature-film length and the result is utterly see-through in its sledgehammer moralizing .
Oh Lordy .
It 's a message movie with a wildly overqualified cast .
Captive winds up building to a big nothing .
Mostly taut , well-cast and well-acted thriller let down by the faith-based infomercial that concludes it .
Strong performances from the two lead actors bring this true story to life in this captivating drama .
A humane film that recognizes the powerful role faith can play when you do n't know where to turn .
`` Captive '' remains frustratingly dull , and ultimately it becomes emotionally dishonest , trying to steer the audience into a direction of Christian awakening the feature has n't earned .
`` Captive '' is simply proof that not all true life stories make for compelling entertainment at the movies .
Though the film ends with a whimper instead of a bang , Oyelowo and Mara 's riveting , embodied performances rise above the material .
The problem , alas , is that Mara and Oyelowo are ultimately captive in a script that does n't allow its characters to stretch outside their preordained boundaries .
There 's so much to puzzle and ponder over with `` Captive , '' a movie that could be mistaken as bold with its obdurate approach , but is actually shockingly flat .
Together Oyelowo and Mara should transcend the bluntness of the movie around them . But the writing is too on-the-nose , often amateurish and too like too many Podunk Christian productions , where spiritual intent trumps quality or even taste .
Oyelowo and Mara are solid in their performances . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents also available -RRB-
The film 's police-procedural action is unimaginatively presented , but Oyelowo is compelling ...
For a movie about purpose , `` Captive '' never finds its own .
A Lifetime movie shoved into a cage and fattened with sermons and platitudes until it is ready to be served up cold and bland .
... fails to capitalize on the suspense built into its source material because it 's too busy delivering heavy-handed lessons .
CAPTIVE may be a dramatic true life story , but it is also a bland film that is anything but captivating .
What matters is two people who think they have lost everything and how just one of them chooses life , hope , and purpose .
Convincing performances from David Oyelowo and Kate Mara - as an escaped killer and his drug addicted hostage - are the saving grace of Captive ...
A credit-sequence television clip of Mr. Warren and the real Ms. Smith with Oprah Winfrey makes the entire movie feel like the strangest book infomercial in memory .
True crime and Christian filmmaking collide with more subtlety than either genre is typically known for in `` Captive . ''
For a story whose appeal hinges on the saving grace of getting a `` purpose-driven life , '' this one 's got remarkably little of it .
Smith deserves credit for keeping a cool head -- and for not succumbing to her addiction under stress -- but the strategy makes for a somewhat low-energy film .
Both faith-based and fact-based , `` Captive '' is a one-two punch of a crime thriller .
Oyelowo and Mara try to bring humanity and tension to the testimonial thriller of two lost souls finding their way together , but they only succeed in bursts , hampered by marketing copy masquerading as dialogue .
A riveting , psychological thriller recounting a nationally-known standoff , but from the fresh perspective of the two troubled souls barricaded in a home surrounded by a SWAT team .
Oyelowo and Mara achieve terrific chemistry . Perhaps they 'll work together again - in a better film .

@highlight

Captive undermines committed performances from Kate Mara and David Oyelowo -- and the real-life story they 're dramatizing -- with a thin script doubling as an ad for a self-help book .