The ever-shifting balance of power between master and slave is smartly acted by the two leads and the story itself , simple as it is , exerts a power as old as cowboys and Indians .
Basically , this is a buddy-cop comedy about imperialism and mud .
like many modern war films , it gets too introspective on the horrors of war and the uncertain righteousness of any one side
Despite its bleak atmosphere and sparse storyline , period drama The Eagle is a pleasant surprise . It entertains with some great sword play , and the themes of honor and bravery overcome the simplicity of the story .
It 's a video game , after all : Dull sensation , easily recognizable and comforting images and a total lack of recollection of what it is you were just doing within seconds of it being over .
Inferior to the similar , based-n-the-same-history `` Centurion . ''
It really all comes down to the story . Just like Tatum was n't up to the task of bringing the character to life , the filmmakers were n't up to the task of bringing the story to life , and that makes all the difference .
` The Eagle ' will likely find a future life on the video shelves of high school history teachers looking for a semi-educational way to kill a couple of days worth of classes .
Fighting is n't big and it is n't clever . But , in the case of `` The Eagle , '' it 's the most interesting part of the movie .
In the end The Eagle 's flight is often striking , but a little erratic .
Sadly not a movie about the big-chinned ski jumper Eddie Edwards , this underwhelming feature instead revolves around the ` Ted and Ralph ' style bromance between a master and servant during the Roman occupation of England .
... a distressingly uneven actioner that 's rarely as entertaining as one might 've hoped ...
It 's almost new and interesting , but mostly just hints at some intriguing ideas .
All the sturm and drang ca n't hide the obvious . `` The Eagle '' is `` Gladiator '' Lite , a low-budget costumer about honor and redemption ... handing your enemy his head on a shield .
Luckily , director Kevin Macdonald quickly distracts with a little of the old ultraviolence when longhaired locals attack the fort and the Romans go into those cool fighting formations that are always so transfixing .
It 's a really earnest adventure set in the second century . And you know what that means . It means you have to tune your brain back to at least the 1950s .
The Eagle appeals to my older self while retaining what made my childhood reading so stirring .
Based on the well-known novel ` The Eagle of the Ninth , ' ` The Eagle ' is a serviceable movie about the importance of honor and allegiance in ancient Rome .
Early on it 's established that Tatum has a body fat ratio lower than most people 's mortgage rates , but his humourless hero is hardly dynamic .
Tatum acquits himself admirably here , in a film that clearly intends to ensure Hollywood cheese is the last thing that comes to mind ...
Macdonald captures the Highlands setting beautifully and the two leads make a likeable pairing .
As culture clashes go , this one should be filed under rout .
Take Braveheart , Gladiator and Apocalypto , leave them to simmer in an iron-age pot and you 've got The Eagle , a sword-swooshing slice of historical action that 's plenty entertaining , if a touch familiar .
The Eagle is not your typical sword and sandal epic . You could easily mistake it for a western , a war movie or even a timely commentary on the human casualties of 21st century conflict .
While Bell is decent , Tatum is fatally wooden . I 'm not really sure that he can act at all ; he certainly fails to convince as a Roman soldier .
This looks like Ancient Rome as reinterpreted by the makers of Brokeback Mountain but with all the explicit gay sex taken out .
A decent , forthright , if finally uninspired sword 'n' sandal drama , based on Rosemary Sutcliff 's 1954 children 's novel The Eagle of the Ninth .
This stilted view of ` Roman honour ' is one big , phony cliché . Still , the fight sequences are good ...
The hero of the whole production is cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle .
Has all the ingredients of a terrific adventure thriller : an epic quest narrative , strong characters , the tangled interplay of pride , loyalty and masculinity .
A boring Roman Top Gun .
There 's plenty of grit and craft on display here , yet somehow the result is never quite as rousing as you 'd hope .
There 's quite a bit to enjoy about The Eagle .
It 's best approached like a buddy movie with gold standards . Because , by Jupiter , it 's the rapport between Tatum and Bell that lifts The Eagle beyond any derring-do .
Despite strong , likeable performances from its two charismatic leads , The Eagle never quite takes flight and is ultimately brought down by a dull script , annoyingly edited fight sequences and a boring plot that places too much emphasis on trudging .
Best of all is Anthony Dod Mantle 's breathtaking photography : the Scottish Highlands have never looked so eerily , threateningly beautiful .
SINCE the early days of cinema , great actors have found immortality by playing heroes of the Roman Empire . Charlton Heston , Richard Burton ... and now the dormouse-eyed , muscly fella from a couple of dance films and that cack GI Joe thing .
The plot may be corny sentiment , but the movie is rousing entertainment , with two engaging leads
Vivid cinematography and bromance between Channing and Jamie keep it standing strong .
Jeremy Brock 's script -LRB- from Rosemary Sutcliff 's novel -RRB- begins well , but Brock evidently did n't read past page 42 ...
Good fight scenes , but a confusion of plot , culture and accents make this a lesser example of the sword 'n' sandal epic .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Perhaps inevitably , it lands as something of a cross-breed between 300 and The New World , which is to say it 's both viscerally intoxicating and phantasmagorical .
Good direction and a decent cast help the shaky casting of Channing Tatum in this poor man 's `` Gladiator '' that offers some twists and terrific scenery . Worth a rental .
... an enjoyable film that in no way should be taken as historically literate , let alone accurate .
From what we see , Tatum 's character is stubborn and foolish , and should be killed pretty quickly , and would be , were he not the main character .
It strikes me more as exercise in style , really , than a completed film .
The story sags in the middle , as our wanderers traipse through the highlands-not a happy environment for Tatum , who , before his journey even begins , looks all at sea in this distant age .
While I did not think it were possible for any film to do a worse job in telling the story of the infamous Ninth Legion of the Roman Empire than Centurion , The Eagle does a pretty bang-up job of achieving that status .
The combination of battle tactics , subterfuge , and mystery solving while master and slave become friends and equals makes for an enjoyable story .
If we 're forced to choose one contemporary Romans 'n' barbarians movie , this is the one .
An adventuresome frolic that sticks to the formulas and provides an entertaining slugfest .
Wild-eyed , long-haired Brits leap atop the Romans ' shields as the soldiers blindly hack away , the bodies so close that you can barely tell the victor from the vanquished . The battles in the fog and rain have a hallucinatory power .
Fierce yet fragmented , slogging through the story of colliding cultures and one centurion 's quest to regain family honor .
Showing Scotland as wild and forbidding as it must have in the 2nd Century , this is an entertaining adventure made tantalizing by the speculation based on real facts .
Tatum and Bell are good in their roles but the movie just plods along even in its battle sequences
Before a lame , boilerplate ending , `` The Eagle '' uses calm interludes and intriguing performances to create character traits and compelling drama about caste systems and camaraderie - not just connective tissue to shattered cartilage or bashed brains .
Its intelligence , as well as the light touch in drawing parallels with modern America 's adventures abroad , is something to be admired .
For a comparable lack of verisimilitude , I 'd rather pop History of the World : Part I into the DVD player - a line like `` The eagle is not a piece of metal . The eagle is Rome '' does n't stand a chance against the likes of `` Do n't get saucy with me , Bernaise ! ''
As a travelogue the film has air . As a major motion picture , The Eagle does n't fly .
The acting is lame , and the characters lack depth . The movie 's strengths are the authentic costuming and the breathtaking scenery of Scotland and Hungary .
A sword-and-sandals drama that hammers home the virtue of honor but then goes around the bend .
Unfortunately , the storytelling falters throughout and The Eagle , despite its grandeur , turns out to be Macdonald 's most disappointing effort .
However you slice it , The Eagle is hokum , but modern-day Scots may get a kick out of the film 's depiction of their ancestors as mud-caked hellions . Modern-day Romans will have to settle for less .
It still looks like guys in the woods doing historical re-enactments .
There 's a potentially interesting story at the heart of The Eagle ...
The Eagle reaches for more than your typical glories-of-death saga . It 's interested in story and character . Unfortunately , the story is not terribly compelling .
THE EAGLE is a movie that should be better , that has a chance to be something unique and awesome , but ultimately stumbles .
Tatum mounts barbed steeds to fright the souls of fearful adversaries .
... enough wartime propaganda and chest-thumping battle cries to set a neocon 's heart a-flutter .
Gritty day-to-day details distinguish this story of youthful warriors in second-century Britain , based on a young-adult novel whose popularity in the U.K. has remained strong since it was published in 1947 .
The latest sandals-and-swords outing , `` The Eagle '' has landed ... with a thud .
Channing Tatum , with his usual deadpan expression , ca n't decide if he 's going to speak normally or try out that British accent he learned in school . He floats back and forth between them and it 's a disaster .
Probably the only Western set in northern Scotland , and that must count for something .
There 's a predictable arc , as the two enemies have to overcome their mutual mistrust to survive .
It 's even less interesting than `` Centurion . ''
You can see why the people who made it hoped it would be good . But , unfortunately , it is n't .
Compelling performances and frequent bursts of excitement nevertheless warrant an opposable digit , pointed up .
It 's hard to go along for the ride when the characters act more like statuary than people .
Essentially uncritical of the Roman occupation , while promoting a belief responsible for so much disaster : that not just ideas but ` honor ' and its physical symbols -- a standard or flag or gang color or holy book -- are worth killing and dying for .
A long slog through ancient muck , so-so sword fights and dumb luck .
Roman action epic comes across as grim , violent , and dull .
Alas , from its scruffy period melodrama to its repetitious battles and endless cross-country shots , this film is all grandiosity with no real heft .
It 's just an honest , basic story set forth with brevity , skill , care and intelligence .
Given that the characterizations and historical details can often be as sketchy as the film 's soft-focus backgrounds and moral compass , The Eagle tepidly takes flight but fails to soar .
A reliable little adventure flick may be just what we need in the midst of the winter doldrums .
It 's the sort of movie that pretends to shed light on history , but really does n't want us to think at all .
The Eagle is exactly what you 'd imagine a movie about Roman centurions should be -- if , that is , you 're 12 years old and have a fairly limited imagination .
Becomes absurd precisely when Channing Tatum marches onto the scene as a Roman army commander .
The material here verges on camp , but director Kevin MacDonald has far loftier ambitions .
Perfectly servicable sword n ' sandal action flick . Channing Tatum continues to evolve as a leading man , but Jamie Bell steals the show .
The Eagle makes for an okay parent-and-young-son film outing . But you 'll want to get your youngster the Sutcliff paperback .
Tatum holds his own . I can find many faults with The Eagle , but he is not one of them .
Less epic than Gladiator , less ridiculous than last year 's Centurion , less homoerotic than Top Gun -LRB- but just barely -RRB- , this is perfectly acceptable matinee fodder .
-LSB- I -RSB- f it looks like a loving ode to fascism and sounds like a loving ode to fascism then , well , there 's really only one conclusion to draw .
Movies like this one are a dime a dozen unless the makers bring something a little extra or unusual to the table . When they do n't , they end up as ho-hum as The Eagle .
Romans speaking American-style gives it a sloppy , Cliff 's notes flavor underscored by Tatum 's very contemporary look and the attire of the Britons , animal skin jegging .
Despite some breathtaking scenery and documentary-like realism , The Eagle ultimately falls to some surprising contrivances that seem written by focus groups .
This movie has problems unrelated to the acting -- its pacing and storytelling simply do n't work onscreen .
A muscularly entertaining adventure inspired by Rosemary Sutcliff 's historical fiction The Eagle of the Ninth , hugely popular in middle schools in the mid-20th century .
Exciting and even moving , this robust epic is filled with action , male bonding , and a terrifying sense of wilderness .
The Town showed that you could take a well-worn premise and still make something fresh and interesting with it . Most of the time people try to do that , they end up with a movie like The Eagle .
It 's a horrible way to go out , the murky and muddy moral waters that much of the plot waded through suddenly giving way to buddy flick heroics more appropriate to Lethal Weapon .
The Eagle is n't smart enough to be engrossing or campy enough to be a guilty pleasure .
Anthony Dod Mantle 's cinematography is kinetic when it needs to be , ruminative and pretty when it does n't . It looks good .
Our hero is Marcus Flavius Aquila , a Roman soldier played by Channing Tatum , an absurdity from which the film never remotely recovers .
If this episodic quest still manages to feel too flat and mild , at least it gives us the mysterious Highlands and the Celtic dirge of Atli Örvarsson 's outstanding score .
A flat-footed , goofball international production with a global cast in search of a Roman relic , and also a definitive accent .
Lumbering along for a bit less than two hours , which passes like three , it feels more like a chore than like an adventure .
Channing Tatum plays Marcus Aquila with an earnest furrowed brow that could indicate gravitas or constipation .
`` The Eagle 's '' sweeping score and grand cinematography are reminders of that old saying : When in ancient Rome , do as Ridley Scott does .
Structure and pacing problems doom this otherwise decent sword-and-sandals bromance .
Tatum and Bell deserve more than the lethargic narrative that follows them across such exquisite wilderness .
This is a movie that needs a great or gonzo performer to give it depth or heft . In Channing Tatum , it has an actor who gives it camp .
Macdonald falls back on decently choreographed action sequences and predictable confrontations that add violence and subtract depth . Casting Tatum in the lead does n't balance that equation .
The Eagle ca n't sustain its scope . When it 's small , it 's kind of silly . When it 's big , it 's much , much better .
The non-CGI clashes are realistic , the Seals PC-appealing ; and the center is less military than fraternal and filial .
Likes or dislikes about The Eagle will be based on how you feel about Channing Tatum .
The Eagle fails to soar , thanks largely to Kevin Macdonald 's unimaginative direction and Channing Tatum 's charisma-challenged performance .
At what point did films set in ancient Roman times stop emulating `` Spartacus '' or `` Ben-Hur '' and become a species of cowboys and Indians ?
It 's good , but medium-scale when it had a slim chance of being epic .
The greatest impediment of all is the square-jawed , flat-talking Tatum , who is so wooden he presents a fire hazard .
Too often in `` The Eagle , '' in which the Romans are played by American actors and the Britons are played by Brits , Tatum comes off like `` second Roman warrior from the left '' rather than `` Roman warrior the film is about . ''
More of a slack poetic edge instead of merciless slaughter , with director Kevin Macdonald unable to secure a riveting pace as he struggles to depict profound stances of honor and absolution .
Ignore the ` accents , ' stay for the story of honor and duty .
The film sometimes gets dangerously close to vintage Hollywood sword 'n' sandal territory , with American-accented Romans and much manly jaw clenching by Tatum and Bell .
Tatum has the strong-jawed good looks and stoic demeanor of a natural-born movie star . What he lacks is a sense of inner life , a spark of internal fire : When the camera trains on him , you can practically hear the wind whistling through his head .
There 's an annoying `` buddy movie '' feeling to this that just wo n't go away . At least Centurion had a sexy witch to offset the unintentional homo-eroticism .
`` The Eagle '' is a rip-snorting adventure tale of the sort made before CGI , 3-D and alphabet soup in general took the fun out of moviegoing .
Sluggish broadsword clashes and quick-cut chop-and-slash action . . The dramatics are overheated , or perhaps oversteeped is more like it , given Donald Sutherland 's performance .
Positioned awkwardly between serious historical drama and bloody action movie , The Eagle does n't end up succeeding as either
Just because Channing Tatum looks good in Roman soldier garb does n't mean he can act like one .
Despite its potential , it adheres too closely to formula and is driven by stunted dialogue as well as a cast that are n't up to the material .
`` The Eagle '' would be a lot more enjoyable if it were n't for the utterly incoherent action scenes and the side-of-beef performance from rising young hunk Channing Tatum as its supposedly brooding and wounded hero .
PG-13 is not the arena this film should be fighting in .
`` Scottish director Kevin Macdonald as a boy was delighted by the 1954 novel The Eagle of the Ninth . With boyish enthusiasm , he now on film creates the rousing , grueling adventure about redemption .
The Eagle deftly walk -LSB- s -RSB- the line between fun toga party and a weight-of-the-world bloody redemption pic .
The director 's documentary background informs his almost reportorial attention to landscape , fighting technique , and especially the wild , fascinating otherness of the peoples beyond the reach of Rome .
Nearly everything in The Eagle feels like text carved into a tablet , and the stolid Tatum 's lack of an inner life reinforces that miscalculation .
To its credit , the film does attempt to grapple with the ambivalence that Europe and America feel toward the Roman Empire . We admire its cultural achievements while condemning its brutality , and in that tension we see our own ideals and failures reflected .
Nothing in The Eagle can be taken seriously , starting with its Wikipedia-ready intro explaining everything complex occurring before the simple-minded flick you 're going to see . Funny that a movie for folks who hate subtitles makes them read so much .
A codpiece-and-crossbow saga of relentlessly exciting battle sequences sandwiched between tedious , unconvincing chatter about cantankerous centurions , fiery feudal warriors and camera-ready six-pack abs modeled by hunky pinups ...
Do you like movies about gladiators ? Well , lend me your ears : The Eagle will more than gratify your sword-and-sandal cravings .
A proudly old-fashioned adventure about brotherhood that happens to speak to our current moment of moral uncertainty without ever drawing specious analogies between the political reality of its characters ' lives and ours .
A cheerfully adolescent male-bonding movie ... as silly dramatically as it is historically , but in this case the silliness is rather enjoyable .
A thunderous boys ' adventure of the old-school type .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` The Eagle '' is a problematic piece of wartime propaganda that asks the viewer to idolize a manifestation of imperialist destruction as something honorable . Such false devotion reveals a lack of ethical consideration from all parties involved .
An earnest throwback to an earlier brand of filmmaking .
Engaging , if straightforward and one-dimensional .
Old-fashioned , earnest and a bit dull , The Egale is a modest , ultra-simplistic historical tale anchored by two appealing actors , Jamie Bell , who 's a good actor , and Channing Tatum , who 's not .
Evoking the forgotten meanings of action-adventure films -LRB- pre-Tarantino -RRB- is enough to make The Eagle a distinctive , if minor , film .



@highlight

The Eagle has a pleasantly traditional action-adventure appeal , but it 's drowned out by Kevin Macdonald 's stolid direction and Channing Tatum 's uninspired work in the central role .