If The ABCs of Death 2 seems like a slight improvement over its predecessor , that 's simply due to the fact that it achieves a more consistent level of mediocrity .
There are some good shorts in The ABCs of Death , and yet they 're all overshadowed by some of the most awful , idiotic , infantile material I 've ever seen in any film .
This is an experimental horror film with 26 directors around the world each making a short film about death . Given the format , it is no surprise there are few hits and a lot of misses .
Far too many bad chapters to be an effective whole .
A bomb .
In truth , this movie is more like a parade of overtly shocking and disturbing images , done almost as a one-upsmanship contest rather than any actual need to say anything .
It 's a successful experiment , but like all experiments in their infancy , it needs to be repeated and tweaked before it becomes a standard .
If we can make any overall assessment of this demented Rorschach test , it 's this : had this been a real medical study , it would demand the institutionalisation of all participants .
... two hours of brutality , excrement and viscera . Yes , some segments disturb and repel , and many try for dark humor , but the squirms they induce are far from pleasurable .
Anthology movies are always hit and miss , but the average here seems a bit low .
Collectively they become rather tedious , not so much a satisfying meal as a platter -LRB- or splatter -RRB- of gores d'oeuvres .
With 26 short segments , it 's expected that this horror anthology will be hit and miss . But the experiment is an intriguing one , as the producers gave 26 filmmakers a letter of the alphabet and complete artistic freedom .
Animal lovers will be particularly offended by some tales in this mind-numbing marathon .
It presents 26 disparate -LRB- read : in need of an editor -RRB- slices of dicing from 26 directors you 've almost certainly never heard of -LRB- and indeed , the one you have - Ben Wheatley - feels tainted by association -RRB- .
The fans will love . The faint-hearted wo n't .
Patchy but enjoyable , this is an excellent horror talent showcase that , if nothing else , feels like it offers value for money with the sheer number of shocks and splats it delivers .
The overall execution of the project never quite lives up to the concept , with too many of the films feeling lazy and poorly thought out .
Gives a sense of horror movie making learned by rote - at a boy 's school where girls have been admitted under sufferance .
An interesting idea , but with so many cooks involved , the broth is n't quite good enough .
It 's an idea that sounds better in concept than in execution .
The quality of each segment varies widely .
A good concept yields scattershot results in this horror-film anthology .
The ABCs of Death is a repulsive and excessive excuse of blood-soaked entertainment that should make the horror fan in you squeal with delight .
Weighed down by some sub-par entries and lacking some great genre minds , this compilation overall pales in comparison to other recent anthologies .
Judging from their contributions , some of the filmmakers behind this 26-part anthology find death less fearsome than the thought of a cute girl farting .
An alphabetically-organized horror anthology that 's often unsettling but only sporadically rises above mediocrity and sometimes descends into absolute awfulness .
Short , sharp shockers about death in all its infinite variety , one for each letter of the alphabet .
The possibilities are delicious . The reality is absolutely vile .
Most are exercises in sickening bad taste , with an emphasis on human bodily functions .
This is one seriously ghoulish and messed-up movie . I realize that certain blood-thirsty moviegoers will consider that high praise . This film is for them . And only them .
It 's a mixed bag , and it 's mostly mixed toward the not-good .
If you 're gon na bother with this alphabetic orgy of gore and carnage , do it On Demand so you can fast forward through the unbearably bad ones .
At its best when merging shocks with social commentary , this halting compilation improves significantly as it nears the end of the alphabet .
An enormously impressive and massively indulgent cornucopia of 26 short films from all over the world .
It 's a feast for fans of the genre and a guaranteed ordeal for everyone else .
There are just too many stories to fit into two hours - and even with fewer weak links , The ABCs of Death might have fallen short all the same .
This could have been an interesting opportunity to make short vignettes about the nature of death , which would have made for a far more fascinating film , but unfortunately , many of the filmmakers opted to try and gross out the audience instead .
It 's like you walked into the last day of a graduate film school production class , only to realize during the screenings that each of the students was messed up in the head .
Some shorts are four-star material , others incomprehensible and disgusting . The sum total is a cinematic abecedary that barely gets a passing grade .
As neat as the organizing premise sounds , it 's exhausting to commit to this many points of view in such a small amount of time . And several of the films are just awful .
Most are rushed exercises in telegraphic storytelling , struggling to make a point , or at least find a punchline , in a bare few minutes .
... go straight to F Is for Fart from horror/porn director Noboru Iguchi and enjoy -- if enjoy is the right word to use -- the sight of a Japanese schoolgirl obsessed with her pretty young teacher 's gas -LRB- `` So stinky ! '' she coos . Seriously . -RRB-
All 26 shorts ca n't be winners , but the full film maintains excitement and curiosity when jumping from letter to letter , suggesting the horror anthology format has potential .
Mainly ... these chapters dull with tiresome bloodletting and winks to a nonexistent sense of irony ...
Grim and gory , gross and goofy -- wildly uneven in tone and talent .
Tellingly , this horror anthology 's finest entries convey how real horror comes in more than shades of red , and how it lives inside us all .
As with all anthologies the nature of the format means some are better than others . And with this many on offer inevitably there are a few clunkers , but they are so short they do n't have time to outstay their welcome .
What 's unexpected is how thoroughly The ABCs of Death 's ample duds overshadow its treasures , and how uninspired it feels as a whole .
What 's striking is that even though the directors have been given complete freedom , so many of the shorts wind up being the same .
While there is a handful of highlights to hold out hope that the feature may be coming to its senses , the majority of the effort is either deathly dull , superhumanly moronic , or just plain angry for reasons best communicated to a therapist .
The end of life really ought not to be treated as such an immature lark .
Enough winning shorts can be found throughout this terrifying alphabet to appease die-hard horror fans , but the journey will absolutely test each viewer 's patience at some point .
Little here is truly remarkable , but it 's the variety that keeps it bounding long .
It 's a very interesting collaboration of creative cinematic minds , and one that warrants at least one viewing .
I 'm a big fan of giving artists certain `` obstructions '' -LRB- to borrow from Von Trier -RRB- and see what they can come up with , yet the results of this particular experiment are mixed at best .
As to expected , ABCs is a mixed bag . It 's just too bad there are n't more treats than tricks in this Halloween haul .
The ABCs of Death is an appallingly bad concoction of disgusting shorts that run through the alphabet but really should 've stopped at `` A. ''
Overall , maybe 13 or 14 of the 26 segments are worth a look . In school that would result in a failing grade , but for anthology films it 's a pretty decent B -
short-form filmmaking proves either to be not enough or too much for many of the folks involved , ultimately producing an intriguing but wildly uneven genre anthology .
Has no shortage of inventive , ironic and gruesome sketches , but the novelty of its successes just barely outweighs its stillborn stuff .
It 's a midnight movie for folks with a sick sense of humor and an attention span dulled by booze . Feel free to take this review as a recommendation or a warning .
G is for Gimmick . But gimmicks are not necessarily a bad thing .
`` F for Fart '' is as self-explanatory and horrible as one might 've surmised .
Mostly uneven but occasionally brilliant .
Even through the film 's best shorts the project just felt overtly long and fragmented ... while some of the shorts warranted a perfect score , others deserved much less .


@highlight

As is often the case with anthology films , The ABCs of Death is wildly uneven , with several legitimately scary entries and a bunch more that miss the mark .