Sfar is helped no end by an astonishing performance from Eric Elmosnino , who also performs many of the songs on the soundtrack .
In conjoining Jewish heritage and classic French chanson , Gainsbourg celebrates the hybridity of contemporary French culture , while its combination of realist narrative and poetic animation make it both a touching biopic and an inspired musical .
I love it when a film surprises me , and `` Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life '' won me over in the very beginning and held me for the full 122 minutes because of its quirky passion and intelligence .
It 's a comic-strip version of one man 's life and times , but it 's tres cool .
A cartoonist who created a graphic novel about Gainsbourg 's life and who has now adapted it to the screen . The result is a film that 's as playful as its subject matter although not nearly as provocative or complex .
Overall , the film makes a common mistake : it tells what happened to Gainsbourg , but not who he really was .
While the movie 's on a roll , it 's zesty , engaging and frisky .
In short , Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life is a charmer .
Very nearly as inventive and fascinating as it is frustrating .
French pop star Serge Gainsbourg was as much iconoclast as icon , so it 's fitting that this fanciful biopic is both affectionate and irreverent .
Sfar , perhaps understandably , adores the legend of Serge Gainsbourg too much to make the whole nicotine-infused picture anything greater than what it is .
Whatever its faults , it 's better than Nine .
Alas , `` Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life '' loses steam and grows more perfunctory as it wears on .
It 's the story of a genius with no moral sense and no interests beyond sensuality . The catchy , insinuating music can only carry you so far .
For better and for worse , Sfar 's a fan , and his movie is a busy love letter to Gainsbourg that skates along the surface of the legend .
Why was Gainsbourg a hero ? The film leaves the question hanging . I am afraid it was only because , like Sinatra , he did it his way . Which no one can deny .
Elmosnino gives a deft and moving performance as the insecure piano player who reinvents himself as Gainsbourg , pop poet and improbable ladies ' man , impelled to break taboos not only out of anger , but also to affirm his own existence .
A viewer who comes into `` Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life '' knowing nothing about Serge Gainsbourg will not come out the other side especially enlightened about the late French-Jewish singer-songwriter 's life , least of all why it is heroic .
As a musical mischief maker who exuded endless existential ennui , Serge 's complexity is just too ungainly for any one biopic - but G : AHL is great starter kit .
Gainsbourg is a noble attempt and interesting enough to keep you watching , but it 's bound to disappoint fans of the singer 's and possibly will confuse any newcomer to the story .
Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life accepts its subject on his own terms . And the compromise feels like capitulation before its hero 's last record spins to a close .
What elevates Gainsbourg above Behind The Music territory is that peppered with his songs , something the Gainsbourg family has never let any other biographical feature do .
You ca n't say Gainsbourg lacks vision . It 's got vision to spare , really . That 's the problem .
Since director Sfar did n't think it important to deal with the `` facts '' of Gainsbourg 's interesting life , what 's the point of seeing his phantasmagoric film ?
While Sfar does n't dare tinker with the facts or sully the mystique , he gains enormous traction via the imaginative and subversive manner he has devised to tell a story that , in many ways , is hard to believe .
It 's never more than an intro to a man who merits volumes .
A sloggy fantasia about Gainsbourg 's life featuring such oddities as a giant , hook-nosed puppet that acts as the singer 's alter ego , as well as a parade of showy sequences involving grand Gainsbourg amours Brigitte Bardot and Jane Birkin .
A lively bout between bio-pic and fairy tale .
If only all biopics were as entertaining as this ...
Unconventional , imaginative , nothing if not audacious , `` Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life '' is a portrait of creativity from the inside , a serious yet playful attempt to find an artistic way to tell an emotional truth .
One could hardly make an honest movie about Gainsbourg that was n't as recklessly ambitious as this .
drifts for much of its extended runtime like a stream of Technicolor tobacco smoke
Gainsbourg ends up questionable when it comes to actual biography , but it does a great job capturing the man 's spirit , which it 's hard not to believe Serge himself would find far more important .
A few shots of full frontal and an actual devil to point to are poor substitutes for exposure and depth of character .
Beyond its fantasy elements , Sfar 's film does n't color outside the lines as much as he might like us to think .
There 's one good reason to see this biopic of the French pop-cabaret songster Serge Gainsbourg , and that 's its lead actor , Erik Elmosnino .
A truly wonderful music biopic in which Serge Gainsbourg comes enthrallingly to life with audacious glamour , intensity and genius .
Film and director-writer have won awards at home and abroad , as has Eric Elmosnino for his portrayal of the insolent yet winsome title hero , who also displays unheroic traits .
Despite the attention the film pays to the divide between the man as the ungainly , loving second-gen immigrant versus the boozy provocateur , it 's not a portrait of much psychological depth .
Laetitia Casta steals the movie as Bardot , slinking down the hall in a miniskirt and knee-high black boots , leading a dog on a leash , then cavorting nude behind a bedsheet as Gainsbourg knocks out a song on the piano .
Still , for all the 40-year-old filmmaker 's interpolated animations and puppets , for the insouciant , slapdash tone that characterizes his graphic novels , and for his protagonist 's proclivity for scandal , the movie is too timidly conceived by half .
What 's surprising , and ultimately disappointing , about Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life is the degree to which Sfar allows biopic obligations to smother his more whimsical instincts .
Lacks either the dramatic intensity or the arresting insight that might have lifted it out of the pedestrian realm of the admiring biopic .
The music and cast really drive Sfar 's debut in a way that will make you immediately want to learn more about Gainsbourg .
The film is at its best when its mythologizing is carnal and infused with cabaret , and not making the inflated claim of its title .
Sfar rescues Gainsbourg from hipsters ' self-satisfied claims .
This really is the best way to experience the life of a musician , and it makes for mesmeric viewing .
French comic-book artist Joann Sfar ... celebrates his subject 's impudence and flair - and displays those qualities in abundance himself .
It 's a refreshing , vastly entertaining film .
While the film is n't a hagiography , it is a celebration ; an entertaining tribute to the eternally cheeky kid with the yellow star who remained determined never to let anybody get the better of him .
Gainsbourg is like a song without a decent chorus , and the man himself , a gifted craftsman , would never have stood for that .
This plodding , largely uneventful biopic of French singer/songwriter/philanderer Serge Gainsbourg flails with its episodic structure and dire attempts at stylistic quirkiness .
Viewers unfamiliar with the length , breadth and weirdness of Gainsbourg 's imposing body of work will find it difficult to connect with this film .
Je t ` aime Gainsbourg !
There 's a bold splash of the surreal in this inspired portrait of a man whose life really is too big for one film .
An impressionistic rendering , a decadent celebration and a downright sexy account of a supremely talented musician , and his ugly mug .
Best described perhaps as portrait of the artist as a tragic chain smoking poet , the film stakes a lot on the physicalisation of his alter ego ... boasts some fine , brave performances
This is an impressive film about a man who was far more interesting than I ever imagined .
An immersing film , Gainsbourg encourages curiosity as you observe the life of a curious man .
Rather too stylish , mashing fantasy with real events to the point that we 're never sure where the truth lies
The sheer imagination brought to the screen -- not to mention the tunes -- make this a film j' adore .
The film has a ripe , grown-up eroticism as rich as the sumptuous costumes and sets .
Sfar first wrote it as a comic book , and that 's obvious from the get-go -- the film 's full of snazzy visual ideas and flourishes .
Refreshingly free of those redemptive clichés that blight biopics of less controversial figures .
As the adult Gainsbourg , Elmosnino captures all the twitches of the lover , the singer , and the fragile soul .
A refreshingly ambitious take on the life of an artist .
Eric Elmosnino is terrific as the louche French icon in Joann Sfar 's vivid biopic . Shame about that second hour .
It 's a brave variation on the biopic , but not a compelling one .
Should be 75 minutes shorter . Good things , though , in the best hour .
A gifted iconoclast brought low by his demons , addictions and inability to compromise .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Sfar is a little too in love with his subject , so it 's just as well that Eric Elmosnino excels in the lead role .
Imaginatively directed , entertaining biopic with a strong script , a superb soundtrack , a sexy supporting cast and a terrific central performance from Eric Elmosnino .
Sfar has not attempted to entirely understand Gainsbourg or have the final say on his image ; he has simply provided a fascinating and refreshing perspective on this overlooked and enigmatic icon .
Though neither is likely to exit the theater feeling any richer in their appreciation for Gainsbourg himself , their appreciation for the achievement of a supremely ambitious film should be unequivocal .
Head and shoulders above most biopics
Biopic of French proto-punk starts well but loses focus .
Both evocative and faithful in its depiction of the famed French singer 's lascivious life , Gainsbourg -LRB- vie heroique -RRB- offers up a feast of memorable chansons and an almost endless parade of drop-dead-gorgeous muses .
A wildly creative take on the life of notorious French composer , lyricist and provocateur Serge Gainsbourg , Gainsbourg -LRB- vie heroique -RRB- is splendidly cast and consistently engaging .

@highlight

It might be thinly written and messily made , but Gainsbourg : A Heroic Life is also appropriately glamorous and intense -- and powerfully led by a gripping performance from Erik Elmosnino .