A slick , cute , diverting , superbly-acted film but also an empty one due to the picture 's raison d'être : a one-trick pony concerned solely with lack of commitment .
Up in the Air is sentimental , but that does n't mean it 's simplistic . In fact , the movie plays at some interesting contradictions . It is a genuinely funny movie about genuinely depressing times .
At the end of the day , Up In The Air makes us think about the importance of having someone to come home to and how we define ourselves on the job .
The Jason Reitman-directed Up In The Air -LRB- an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Walter Kim -RRB- actually engaged me from start to finish , and dare I say , moved me .
Where Up in the Air soars is in the way it captures Ryan 's rhythm , the elegant precision of his comforting ritual , the smooth familiarity of his life-in-transition existence .
Even though the film finally turns out to be yet another Hollywood fairy tale , at least it speaks the truth about our Great Recession .
vibrantly witty and exceptionally delivered
By far Reitman 's most accomplished film to date , both in terms of craft and its stealth avoidance of typical Hollywood flight patterns ...
This is a likable film , with likable actors and a breezy , pleasant pace . If you 're not paying close attention , you 'd almost miss that this film is a crock . But it is . It 's an elegant con .
One of the warmest and most entertaining films of this or any year , which is saying something considering it 's about a man who fires people for a living .
There is perhaps no film that represents the present better ...
Sometimes , it suggests , you can fly 10 million miles but never really go anywhere at all .
Up in the Air succeeds because it does n't take itself that seriously and it 's not interested in trying to explain obvious truths to the rest of us plebeians . It just wants to show a moment of fundamental change in a man 's life .
Just when you start to wonder where the surprise twists will happen , Reitman defies conventional storytelling .
Incisive and occasionally sad , this captured the zeitgeist of the late-Zeroes ' tectonically shifting economics . But Jason Reitman 's generous , rich , rewarding tragicomedy of occupational dissatisfaction will still wow viewers even after -LRB- hopeful -RRB- recovery .
Up in the Air is so funny , so consistently surprising and so emotionally in-touch that it could have only been crafted by one of the most soulful directors working today .
Reitman proves with Up in the Air that the sky 's the limit for his career - he has proven with his three films to be one of the premiere directors of his generation .
Companionship . Independence . Loyalty . Flyer miles . All are a part of the life of George Clooney 's corporate downsizer in the timely , and timeless , Up in the Air .
One of the pleasures of the film is watching Jason Reitman blossom into a filmmaker light years ahead of the one who made the underwhelming Thank You For Smoking and the overly self-conscious Juno .
George Clooney is thoroughly likeable as the amusingly callous Ray - even watching him at the heart-breaking job of terminating folk en-masse is fun , but it is the women that give the film its heart .
Reitman further perfects his sharp , funny , and affecting seriocomic style in crafting films that wildly entertain in the moment and then linger long in the mind and heart .
Life happens ... live it one day at a time and connect to whomever you can , even if it 's the person losing their job sitting right across from you .
One of the things that makes George Clooney a great movie star is that he 's always letting us know just how much fun he 's having being George Clooney .
As much as it is a comedy in the classic Tracy/Hepburn mold , `` Up in the Air '' is very much a drama of the moment .
Hay tantos ángulos desde donde se puede hablar de esta cinta - responsabilidad social , management , internet , matrimonio , soledad % u2026 - que está desde ya , destinada a convertirse en un clásico .
Well-polished bull **** at best , manifest of nothing less than everything wrong with America today .
Think what you will of it , the movie says a number of different things to a number of different people .
Moderately amusing comedy . Nothing special despite the surrounding hoopla .
At its best when it finds humour and sadness in the grey areas between what is traditionally `` right '' and `` wrong '' .
Umjesto romanti % u010Dne komedije film vi % u0161e odgovara % u017Eanrovskom okviru mrtva % u010Dki ozbiljne egzistencijalne drame
The year 's sharpest film -- but it may not speak to everyone .
The film has been lauded for being very of the moment in its treatment of massive corporate layoffs , but where it truly shines ... is how it details the importance of a personal touch .
Up In The Air is not only a funny , satirical delight as well as a beautifully crafted thoughtful observation on society , but it is also refreshingly different , and a film that prompts a second viewing even as you enjoy the first ride .
The first great dramedy of 2010 .
A well-acted piece about a man 's inability to cope with a world more real than the one he lives .
Uma imensa evolução por parte de Reitman , que vem crescendo rapidamente como cineasta .
It 's very enjoyable , if ultimately a little insubstantial for Best Picture glory .
Not only is this a rare Hollywood production that offers as much substance and panache as the cream of current US TV , I 'd go further and say its cynical wit almost places it in the Billy Wilder bracket .
It 's Reitman 's whip-smart script , well-developed characters , and keen use of his actors that ultimately makes Up in the Air the highly entertaining modern American classic that it is .
Up in the Air is one of few movies to truly get with the times , and actually get it right .
Un film sobrio y ligero , a medio camino entre la comedia romántica y la mirada hacia lo cruel , cínico y competitivo que es el mundo del empleo en una economía en crisis . Lo más destacable es la actuación de George Clooney .
In Reitman 's care , still channelling the breezy , matter-of-fact perkiness of Juno , it is an emphatic statement that Hollywood can still make great movies ; a celebration that stardom can be as thrilling a concept as 3-D or CG or mooncalf vampires .
It 's a pleasure to watch an adult American comedy that tries to deal with the real world , however much of a fantasy it carves from it .
A deliciously self-referential treat , and perhaps even -LSB- Clooney 's -RSB- best movie yet .
There 's nothing too profound here , and yet it works well as a smart , light cosmopolitan comedy : it 's a snack , rather than a meal , but expertly made .
A witty , often delightful , adult love story that deserves most of the Oscar-love it will surely get . That it 's also glib will help rather than hinder its chances in March .
What begins as a surprisingly successful mixture of Michael Clayton and Intolerable Cruelty eventually skirts uncomfortably close to the as-yet-unfilmed epilogue to Planes , Trains and Automobiles .
Where Thank You For Smoking was perhaps too madcap and Juno too wordy , Up In The Air perfectly combines witty dialogue and set-pieces with real emotional connectivity from all three leads .
Funny , thought-provoking , uplifting and tragic , Up In The Air is a first class comedy that 's not afraid to travel to some difficult destinations .
Witty , pertinent and moving , this is a sophisticated treat from a director who gets exponentially better with every picture . But it 's Clooney that makes it soar with his most accomplished acting to date . Think of this as his Jerry Maguire .
While , certainly , capable of a dark humour and moments of extraordinary bleakness , it 's also commendable for another superb performance from Clooney .
As a portrait of recession-era America , and an examination of our humdrum working lives , I think it 's unrivalled in its wit , its authenticity and its asperity .
Up in the Air stays clear of genre clichés , offering a satisfying hybrid of 1950s glamour , 70s realism and 21st-century attitude .
George Clooney revels in the role of his life in this unique and often brilliant mixture of topical drama , romantic comedy and corporate satire .
Delivering his killer one-liners with a gently raised eyebrow , Clooney impresses at every turn and is fast becoming one of Hollywood 's subtlest comedy actors .
Charming , funny and touching . A classic .
A brilliantly accomplished feat of self-contradiction . We have our cake , or candy box , and eat it .
The film , written by Reitman and Sheldon Turner , is consistently entertaining , though it coasts through a long middle and towards the end threatens to take a nose-dive into sentimentality .
t is a performance that could win -LSB- Clooney -RSB- a best actor Oscar in a film that is as warm and civilised as a welcoming bar on a bleak winter 's night .
A brilliantly astute twist on the romcom that sparkles with spiky one-liners and outstanding performances .
In a time of economic meltdown , it is pleasing to have a drama that animates the alienation all around us , asking questions about what life is really all about . The director does all of this , and we can be grateful . The film is a breeze to watch .
Writer-director Jason Reitman again shows he can mix comedy with the deeper emotional stuff . The soundtrack 's peppered with great choices . Small but perfectly formed scenes abound . And the ending is totally unexpected - but totally apt .
As well as making a hugely entertaining and funny film , writer and director Jason Reitman gives us plenty to ponder and taps into timeless themes that will hit a resonant chord with most .
For all the sharp one-liners and breezy visuals that sometimes suggest the film might be in danger of floating away into the ether , Reitman remembers to add some weight to proceedings .
What a sophisticated dramedy is ` Up in the Air . '
Director Jason Reitman has expanded his emotional range with this enchanting blend of ripped-from-the-headlines downsizing , romantic entanglements and mentoring .
There are n't that many mainstream directors who have the courage to allow you to indulge in slick Hollywood escapism but are also prepared to pull the rug out from under you when you least expect it .
-LSB- Reitman -RSB- delves far beyond the obvious satirical targets to deliver a more mature , well-rounded tale about the emotional collateral of cold corporate plays .
Jason Reitman 's coolly upbeat adaptation of Walter Kirn 's novel gives Clooney a role which fits him as snugly as one of Ryan 's interchangeable suits .
Up In The Air is engaging , by turns witty and serious , unpredictable and surprisingly moving . Definitely recommended .
Up in the Air is so elegantly conceived and effortlessly accomplished in every department that Reitman deserves to be regarded as one of the best in the business right now .
How locations , production design , editing choices and shot compositions partner with Ryan 's `` journey to self '' is masterful , as is Reitman 's inclusion of real people who speak directly to camera about being retrenched .
Jason Reitman 's slick romance is a studio movie that is a throwback to the sort of relevant and entertaining adult movies Hollywood once turned out routinely .
Performances are really fine -- especially from the casually seductive Farmiga -- and visually , it 's a blast , with Eric Steelberg 's camera capturing spectacular bird 's - eye views of American cities .
George Clooney is often underrated as an actor -LRB- if not a sex object -RRB- , and yet his star performance in this wry , sometimes ruthless comedic-tinged character drama is probably his best work ever .
It 's the kind of Hollywood picture they should make more often -- the kind that does n't insult your intelligence .
Up in the Air is mostly honest and sometimes raw . There is power in that kind of storytelling .
Reitman 's film is far from being a masterpiece but he has succeeded in making Up in the Air very much a film of its time .
The likeable rogue whose soul is redeemable is an eternally useful cinematic character , and George Clooney is the ideal actor to play him .
Commitment , happiness and travel are the themes of Jason Reitman 's bitingly good film which looks at the life of a high flyer for whom express lanes , corporate clubs and frequent flyer miles are the ultimate thrill .
Good performances are not enough to salvage this glib film from it 's own superciliousness .
Off to the usual howling good start with the current master of sexy comedy `` Up In the Air '' runs out of fuel towards the end and barely is able to make it to the terminal with message intact .
Between Up in the Air and 2007 's Michael Clayton , it becomes glaringly apparent that no actor can carry a script-driven character study better than Mr. Clooney .
It 's refreshing to hear characters that display some verbal dexterity and a script that moves cleverly along , entertaining us as it actually works to develop its characters and themes .
It is odd that a film on such a painful subject in this economy can still entertain . Perhaps the economy even helps it .
A totally dishonest movie and just what one might expect from director Jason Reitman who used to do TV commercials for Wal-Mart .
The pitch-perfect direction by Jason Reitman perfectly balances comedy and drama .
George Clooney has an old-time movie star quality .
It 's funny , it has heart , it has the courage of its convictions and , happily , it shows that Jason Reitman 's films may be worth watching for many years to come .
One 2009 's best films .
Clooney is perfect , nothing more be said . `` Up in the Air '' is the best film of the year : smart , funny and well-directed . Get connected with this film , it 's worth it . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Up in the Air is a well-intentioned Hollywood product with a message about the value of human connections . But it mistakes glibness for wit and charm for irreverence .
-LSB- Its -RSB- themes are n't necessarily original , but Up in the Air knows how to package them well , adultly , soberly , with its dependable script and performances .
This movie has great things to say about the vitality of human connection and how to be a better traveler through life , but it mercifully does it with no Message and a somehow satisfying lack of resolution .
Profound , moving and emotionally timely , with current economic events being what they are this is one movie I could relate to more so than just about anything else I 've seen this year .
A solid adult comedy-drama , with lead characters sturdy enough to have been played by Cary Grant and Bette Davis in another era , and actors confident and talented enough not to be humiliated by the comparison .
This sharply honed script does n't mince words , while sticking it to Clooney 's corporate hitman . Along with the genius move of hiring real people who 've been fired , proving that you do n't have to be an actor to dazzle and devastate audiences in a movie .
A down-to-earth look at 21st Century dating habits in this no-strings age of friends with benefits .
Gently devastating , Up in the Air is a movie of great grace and modest aspirations that plays as dry comedy but resounds with tragic gravity .
A story about uncertain times .
Reitman packages Up in the Air 's relevance with a delicately balanced mixture of comedy and tragedy
Well-crafted , well-acted and ambitious as Up In The Air is , the movie 's third act taxies to nowhere .
Clooney has found a role he fits into so comfortably , that he might be mix his post-Oscar cocktail with two one-ounce bottles of Grey Goose .
Do n't let a premise that sounds as boring as a corporate board meeting keep you from catching what may be the year 's best movie .
Clooney had a great year , and his stellar work here is the capper .
Life 's Contradictions are Up in the Air .
A comedy that 's willing to be sad , a romance that 's OK with ambiguity and a timely corporate satire with far more than slash-and-burn mockery on its mind .
Director Jason Reitman brings such splendid balance and nuance to Bingham 's story that you ca n't hate the man ; indeed you end up pitying him .
Treats the wracking terror of living in today 's economy as the pretext for the kind of `` vapid man finds redemption '' story that was old hat when sound cinema was still a gimmick .
Jason Reitman is America 's smartest young filmmaker .
A very funny movie with a timeless message : You may not always have your job , so make sure it 's not the only thing in your life .
At the center of it all , is George Clooney in the role he seems born to have played -- a role he 's lived himself into .
`` Up In the Air , '' more than any film released this year , is tailored perfectly for its time .
A smart and meaningful comedy for grown-ups , easily one of the best films of the year . ... It 's so sophisticated and enjoyable it should come in a martini glass .
`` Up in the Air '' belongs to Clooney . He easily fits into a character who is at ease with himself and enjoys living a lifestyle in which he can go about unencumbered .
One of the warmest , funniest , and most insightful movies of the year .
Why , you 'd almost think that Tyler Durden had n't gone off on those rants of his ten years ago ... . Ryan is Jack 's smirking nonrevenge ... .
This is not the best movie of the year , not by a long shot . It is depressing from the start and never changes .
What could be more perfectly in tune with the zeitgeist at the end of the ' 00s as a movie about a guy who 's job it is to fire people ? The best movie of 2009 .
Anyone who has traveled for work , especially across the country 's heartland , will appreciate the view .
Timely Hollywood dramedy about the human fallout over job loss during the current hectic economic times .
Up in the Air ... flies the friendly skies of termination . Given his style and tone in Up in the Air , -LRB- director -RRB- Jason Reitman would make a good lobbyist for Big Pharma .
Jason Reitman may just have the greatest , albeit mainstream , start any director has ever known . It 's another crowd-pleasing , great film .
A fresh , somewhat humorous and entertaining movie perfect for this time in our lives .
This crowd-pleaser is currently the frontrunner to win the Oscar for best film of 2009 . The talented Kendrick in a breakthrough role is the spark plug in this enterprise .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Reitman pleases yet again . I look forward to seeing what else he 's capable of ...
... one of 2009 's best experiences , a narrative highway where every mile represents another revealing rest area , where each conversation pushes us closer to our formidable final destination .
A timely seriocomic work that manages to be breezy without once diminishing the sobering realities that constantly hover around the picture 's edges .
I 'd like to see Reitman step away from his usual schtick and try to delve more deeply into his character 's souls : the surface is stylishly done , but Up in the Air 's underbelly is strangely and unfulfillingly hollow .
Up in the Air exists at the perfect intersection of snappish fun , modulated gravity and sociocultural relevance , which makes for a funny and poignant work that arrives at all its emotional moments honestly .
Perhaps only George Clooney could make getting fired sound like a positive development .
quite possibly the sweetest movie you 're going to see about corporate layoffs
Up in the Air is n't a challenging picture , certainly not a transportive one , but it is a well-crafted entertainment made for and about adults . Sometimes , well , that 's good enough .
A perfect end to the 1st decade of the 21st century . Tech advances have created hermits of us all , heads bent over smartphones and screens , blue-toothed in the face . We , too , are cushioned in clouds ; all somewhat up in the air .
... Clooney delivers a performance for the ages ...
There 's a slickness and calculation to the tone and texture , but it 's closely wedded to the story and it 's awfully well done . Even if you doubt the film 's sincerity , you ca n't deny its skill .
Clooney is great in this . They are all terrific . Vera Farmiga just gets better in every role she pays .
Up in the Air is firmly rooted in contemporary life -- and , to its great credit , it does n't pull its punches in the end .
As serious as it is funny , as substantial as it is breezy , Up in the Air is an astonishing balancing act from writer/director Jason Reitman .
It 's a lean and economical film about a lean and economical time . The only things it is rich in are empathy and compassion .
An unromantic comedy with a social content on the side in order to provide the ballast of `` importance . ''
The acting ensemble is good , top to bottom . Clooney might be playing a thinly veiled version of himself here , but he 's well-matched with Farmiga , who brings some needed warmth and sex appeal .
Nobody plays the guilty corporate insider better than Clooney . Let him through . He 's got a titanium ticket .
Clooney , Reitman both soar with the richly satisfying Up in the Air
George Clooney knows all the travel secrets , all right . And not just the ones he uses to bypass every woman 's homeland security .
Ryan Bingham , Michael Clayton , Mr. Fox - these are guys who have what could be called the Clooney Conscience .
From taxi to touchdown , Reitman knows how to get us to the next destination .
Reitman wants to have his cake and eat it , too .
Farmiga matches Clooney 's rhythms perfectly , and watching these two glossy creatures circle and parry is one of the great cinematic pleasures of the year .
Now arriving at the main terminal is the movie of the year .
Jason Reitman 's dry , moving `` comedy , '' based on the Walter Kirn novel , is a sly indictment of Corporate America , Marketing America and Frequent Flying America .
By looking the displaced worker in the face the film handles a painful and timely subject with considerable grace ... nothing less than a requiem for the American dream .
An assured and layered film that 's neither drama nor comedy .
I think that this is a classic in the making .
This is one of those all-encompassing dramedies that makes you laugh , cry , contemplate life , hope for better times , believe in family % u2013 but it does n't stick with you after it 's over .
The consummate bachelor , Mr. Clooney reflects just enough comfort in his own skin without teetering into arrogance , quietly amused by life 's idiosyncrasies .
An ideal bittersweet adult comedy sleekly directed by Jason Reitman about life during recession . Clooney achieves an emotional level that breaks new ground for him . Oscars ?
Once again , Reitman the screenwriter gives Reitman the director an excuse to ponder the spaces between us and the ties that bind . Or do n't .
I think it 's important to note the realities the movie portrays . Racial stereotypes are still true at airports . We want to believe things are better , but they 're not . You still have to deal with the way things actually work .
Great cast , smart writing , and a timely but touchy storyline make Up in the Air a film you wo n't forget about the moment you leave the theater .
Director Jason Reitman is becoming like a fine wine . And in Up in the Air , he has managed to pour a likely Oscar contender on prescient subject matter while continuing to display his directorial range .
One of the Best Films of 2009 with a bright , sassy , and relevant story about home , connections , unemployment , technology , and traveling light .
smart , sobering , and the perfect funhouse mirror of the zeitgeist
No other picture captures contemporary angst like this timely , turbulent tale . Without doubt , it 's one of the best pictures of the year .
Hugely entertaining ... . Reitman can turn bitter , unpalatable material into mainstream movies without stripping away all the bite
-LSB- Jason -RSB- Reitman 's most mature film to date is about as grown-up , smart and savvy a film as anyone could hope for from Hollywood .
It 's hard to think of an actor who 's better at projecting the professional smoothness that 's essential to make this character palatable , but Clooney turns out to be willing to take that persona further .
The film catches a jet stream of thought-provoking whimsy and barrels through fatalist turbulence before landing in a rich catharsis .
As these lessons all come together , the film 's floaty , cool affect starts to come down to earth , the points and plot turning more conventional .
If Reitman 's first two films were triples , this is a home run .
Reitman has given us a witty , elegant movie that is nonetheless , like its protagonist , somewhat aloof from the vicissitudes experienced by mere mortals .
Buoyant , timely and bittersweet , Up in the Air finds Reitman at cruising altitude , confidently in the same airspace once occupied by zeitgeist masters Billy Wilder and Hal Ashby . This is the year 's best film .
This bittersweet yet uplifting dramedy is writer-director Jason Reitman 's best work to date and a surefire Oscar contender .
Mr. Clooney is perfect in the role of Ryan : aloof without seeming uncaring , roguish without being threatening , lost but with a veneer of control .
Reitman possesses a flair for off-kilter scenarios , and he 's in fine form again , taking his triangulated principals -- Ryan , Alex , Keener -- out of their comfort zones and into a more complicated geometry .
Few recent films have been so adroit at looking outward while burrowing inward .
Smart , honest , quietly moving and funny with charismatic , lively performances and a witty screenplay .
The picture is really one of a kind . And it 's virtually perfect .
Clooney is an undeniable movie star , but this film reminds you that he is an actor .
Adult dramedy taps into emotions of current tough times .
Reitman deserves credit for going through with a bitterly ironic ending , but the movie is marred by its warm condescension toward flyover country .
Ryan is an antihero for these parlous times and , of course , since he 's played by Clooney , we wait for him to redeem himself and become a full-fledged hero .
An assertively , and unapologetically , tidy package , from its use of romance to instill some drama into the narrative -LRB- the book introduces disease instead -RRB- and the mope-rock tunes that Mr. Reitman needlessly overuses .
... it goes a long way to renewing our faith that movies can tackle grown-up comedy resonant with real-life dilemmas and tragedy , often beyond our ability to grasp or control .
It seems to be struggling between populist and satirical impulses . But there are many , many moments it gets right and it 's an enjoyable , if minor entry in the year-end movie rush .
Boasting solid performances , this is a movie of the moment , but might be too close to home for some viewers .
Timeliness can be tricky to pull off convincingly in movies . It 's tough to capture an era while it 's still happening , yet Up in the Air does so brilliantly , with wit and humanity .
Clooney is excellent , incidentally , in a role that must have hit home . `` You do n't want to get married ? '' his character is asked , and his reply is the same as Clooney 's always is : `` Nope . ''
A lovely Hollywood romance that floats buoyantly along on a sea of sadness .
Hands down , one of the best films of 2009 . Anna Kendrick steals the show in Jason Reitman 's best film to date .
In its funny , rueful way , Up in the Air touches contemporary American notes few Hollywood movies acknowledge .
Up in the Air is a timeless movie that 's utterly of its time -- a movie of humor , heart and mind .
Of every film that came out this year , I did n't see a single one more assured , more confident , more utterly comfortable in its own skin than Up in the Air .
This is a film of the American here and now , rooted in an on-the-go , technologically oriented society facing a crisis only survivable through genuine human connections .
One of the best films of the year .
Jason Reitman 's satires are the gentlest kind , more interested in laughs than in getting hardcore or tough-minded about a message .
Ambitious -LSB- and -RSB- unnervingly timely .
This is Jason Reitman 's first film since Juno , and it 's easy to see why actors and audiences are attracted to his visual eye .
This is a great story well told , thanks to a deft script and brilliant performances .
This is a film for grown-ups , made by grown-ups . I hope , for all of our sake , that there 's still an audience for that kind of thing .
Parental Content Review
Rarely has a film spoken more effectively to something we all wonder at some point in our lives , usually more than once -- where am I going ?
A film that is one of the very best of the year and which officially launches Reitman into the top ranks of major American filmmakers .
This is Reitman 's third film , and he has proven in each of them to be able to transcend gimmick and make it personal and then further transcend that and make it universal .
Both funny and sad , life-affirming and , as with life , not always fair . Fictional characters though they are , there is such an aching intimacy and resounding spontaneity to them that they seem real . It is bittersweet to have to say good-bye .
Jason Reitman does it again . Although full of product placements , this dark comedy is surprisingly enjoyable , highlighted by Anna Kendrick , who made me laugh out loud .
Jason Reitman 's third film has the lifespan of a state-fair churro : tasty at the point of consumption , it congeals soon afterward into its component ingredients of sugar and lard .
The picture is brushed with a fine glaze of slickness , a product sealed in a blister pack . It 's like airplane air -- it has a packaged freshness that is n't really fresh at all .
One-word reaction : bravo .
How often can you fault a wonderful comedy for an excess of humanity or plausibility ?
It would be easy to make Ryan a louse or a hero who just needs a bit of armor polish . Clooney makes Ryan both ruthless and sympathetic .
It 's a timely tale of job loss and economic upheaval , at times hidden behind screwball-comedy dialogue . And it is n't perfect , but when it works -- which is most of the time -- it works like gangbusters .
I do n't know if it 's the best movie of the year , but it 's the most utterly enjoyable .
Jason Reitman 's Up in the Air had me thinking that I have n't seen a young filmmaker with such astute command of Hollywood craft since Steven Spielberg .
... -LSB- an -RSB- observation , and that is the many parallels between `` Up in the Air '' and Alexander Payne 's `` About Schmidt . '' I for one would much rather see the gifted younger Reitman under the influence of Payne than Diablo Cody dialogue .
The film glides to a perfect landing , leaving several characters changed , one coldly untouched and nothing up in the air at all -- except , perhaps , the question of what this very talented crew is going to do next .
Up in the Air is actually several good movies -- a workplace comedy , romantic comedy , and family comedy -- seated on the same flight in the same aisle . They all feel forced together .
Jason Reitman 's direction nicely translates the seductive appeal of sterile public places while letting the assured performances do much of the work .
There are many easy jokes here , and they do n't always jibe well with the recurrent spectacle of Bingham and Natalie 's interviewees getting their lives cut apart one after the other .
Gasping for some reassuring bit of realism or bravery to permit a lasting impact . Reitman lacks that special finesse , searching for an extraordinary pitch of melancholy , only to connect incomplete ideas with half-baked execution .
With his third project it is now clear : Jason Reitman is our foremost maker of good-but-not-great films .
Every time we think we know what cliched path this movie 's about to follow , the smart storytelling confounds our expectations and veers off into less-traveled , and more recognizably human , territory .
Smart , sexy , funny and poignant ... flies high on the old-fashioned virtues of intelligence , wit and cleverness -- with a dollop of seriousness added to the mix .
Up in the Air has been shaped for Clooney 's prodigious , slightly melancholy charm as a comic leading man . Happily he has worthy sparring partners .
Hits the predictable beats of a belated coming-of-age story , but it 's exceedingly well accomplished , with a confident visual style light-years beyond Juno 's functional setups .
No director pulls off the bait-and-switch as craftily as Jason Reitman . He gets you thinking that you 're watching a hip , caustic comedy subverting the status quo , but by the end , he 's vindicated all the platitudes he seemed to scorn .
Up in the Air takes the trust people once had in their jobs and pulls out the rug . It is a film for this time .
Topical , humorous , and moving , this savvy dramedy about corporate life in America should resonate across the classes ...
Up in the Air never cheats and delivers an almost perfect mix of humor , satire , and underplayed drama .
Pleasant enough in the moment but maintains considerable distance from actually plumbing the raw emotions of its central subject .
Clooney has no peer at conveying suave , unflappable charm , but the role of Ryan requires the actor to do something different with his persona : Deflate the illusion and explore the emptiness beneath the cool .
Too smart to be a solidly mainstream film , too trite to be an art film , Up in the Air is perfectly , emptily middlebrow .
... often hysterical , but most of the time the humor is low-key . And -- as in Juno -- when the movie needs to be heartfelt , it 's genuinely heartfelt without being sappy .
Reitman has an impeccable talent for tearing out the spine of a novel and transposing it to the big screen , streamlining and simplifying a literary work without dumbing it down .
Up in the Air is light and dark , hilarious and tragic , romantic and real . It 's everything that Hollywood has forgotten how to do ; we 're blessed that Jason Reitman has remembered .
Like Juno , Up in the Air conjures a troubling reality and then wishes it away .
Though it 's far from perfect , Up in the Air is without a doubt Jason Reitman 's most mature film to date . In other words , it 's his least flawed . A filmmaker who is certainly in tune with his generation , Reitman gives prominent roles to Blackberry an
Only seriously deluded people could enjoy Reitman 's funny-sad whiplash . He 's playing that same Hollywood game : keeping people ignorant of political economy .
Funny and poignant tale similar to director Jason Reitman 's two earlier efforts , Thank You for Smoking and Juno , but more mature , less snarky .
Reitman , who also cowrote the screenplay , feels the constant need to `` deepen '' his characters , granting them wants and motivations -- especially during the moralistic third act -- that are totally alien to how they 're initially portrayed .
Today , this story of people who are hired to fire other people brings a timely punch to the gut that , almost by accident , adds a resonance that 's hard to shake .
The highest compliment for Up in the Air is it 's not looking back on this era of insanity , ineptitude , and seesawing hope . Instead , this magnificent film has captured , with nonstop laughter and a few tears , our times while they 're actually happening .
Nobody gets offended , nothing gets questioned , the crowd goes home properly cheered .
With this deft , witty , smart and soulful film , Reitman establishes himself as a modern purveyor of the same cinematic tradition as Frank Capra and Preston Sturges .
The tension between the bleak and the blithe , the prime source of this movie 's strength , is sustained by Reitman to the end .
Clooney -- slim , dark , perfectly tailored -- glamorizes insincerity in a way that makes you want to go out and lie .
George Clooney 's deliberately ambiguous character Ryan Bingham is a poster boy for America 's lack of ethical direction in a thought-provoking satire that does n't swing its hammer of simmering revolution hard enough .
As a send-up of both technology and the myth of the happy bachelor , ` Up in the Air ' is fly .
The kind of feel-good film about bad news that has been winning Oscars for decades .
One of the year 's very best films from one of Hollywood 's very best young directors .
The ensemble acting works smoothly , and the dialog and editing move the narrative along a well paced 109 minute route .
This breezy and bittersweet drama carries dark resonance for a society caught in the middle of both recession and downsizing
Hugely enjoyable , well written comedy-drama that delivers a powerful emotional kick , thanks to terrific performances and strong chemistry between Clooney and Farmiga .
George Clooney gives his most resonant and heartfelt Oscar-caliber performance in Reitman 's timely , sharply written social satire that deserves to be nominated in major Oscar categories , including Picture , Director , Actor , and two Supporting Actresses .
I do n't know if Up in the Air is a film for the ages , but at the nervy start of the new century , it certainly feels like the perfect film for our age .
... a familiar premise that 's generally employed to better-than-average effect by Reitman ...
Never before has Clooney conveyed so much emotional depth , resulting in an unforgettable performance that 's commanding , charming , vulnerable and heartbreaking .
The increasingly slick Reitman ... has the good sense to not slather every emotional beat in score and really seems to like his actresses .
Reitman is a feverishly talented and meticulous filmmaker ; he 's also an unapologetically populist one .
Up in the Air often looks like an American Airlines commercial , and I would n't call it a feel-good movie per se , but there 's a certain satisfaction watching two snappy , beautiful people at the top of their form .
Short version : I loved it .
Populated by a handful of assured performances , Up in the Air is first and foremost an actor 's movie .
This is Reitman 's third film , and I 've liked them all about the same : recommended with reservations .
A movie about a guy who fires people , released at a time when at least a tenth of the work force is out of work , is utterly nervy . And wonderful .
George Clooney has never seemed more vulnerable or more in tune with a role than he does in Up in the Air , a film that will be hard to beat for Best Picture come Oscar time .
It 's one of those rare mainstream Hollywood pictures that addresses contemporary issues gracefully .
Shows the very growth and evolution that proves -LSB- Reitman -RSB- is a filmmaker who will be with us , making quality films that leave us deeply moved , for a very long time .
Does it live up to the hype ? Hell yeah !
Laughs and heartbreak meld seamlessly in this brilliant character drama .
A slickly engaging piece of lightweight existentialism highlighted by winning turns from George Clooney and Vera Farmiga .
Up in the Air is charming , funny , moving , and timely .
It deserves it and should stand up as one of 2009 's best pictures .





@highlight

Led by charismatic performances by its three leads , director Jason Reitman delivers a smart blend of humor and emotion with just enough edge for mainstream audiences .