The Watch is n't consistently funny enough to stop you noticing you 've seen it all before .
Wretched dinge that it is , it is almost too drecky to write about , but here goes nothing .
A laughably inept comedic wasteland in which the only things harder to come by than laughs are reasons not to bolt halfway through and ask for a refund .
The four leads are funny , separately and together .
Rote , crass and worst of all , totally laugh-free , it inspires you to exact your own brand of vigilante justice .
Light entertainment at its lightest , The Watch does at least elicit some laughs .
`` The Watch '' is a Dream Team in which no one 's drawn up any plays and nobody passes the ball . Everybody just shoots and hopes for the best .
This lame sci-fi comedy was supposed to be for teens , but was re-written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg to be aimed at adults . The result is a movie that does n't work for either .
Bland and juvenile , with little thought , humour , or imagination . It actually endorses its posse of puerile nobodies as noble , ass-kicking Americans .
A talented cast shines brightly , but ca n't carry the weight of this under-inspired sci-fi frolic .
For a flabby 101-minute movie , the gag hit rate is alarmingly low .
Aims for ridiculous comedy , hits `` ridiculous ''
The aliens may be not of this Earth , but the jokes in this lifeless sci-fi comedy are so lazy they never even manage to lift off .
The only arcs these characters encounter are in their pants .
If the scenes between the four leads had been stronger , it might have been easier to overlook the film 's structural and tonal weaknesses , but as it happens they only rescue it in dribs and drabs .
The Watch is a lazy production at nearly every level . Expect these aliens to have better luck in a couple years - when they invade basic cable .
All of this builds a pretty catastrophic picture of The Watch - and I think , given how many other awesome , funny , gross and clever comedies are out there , I refuse to be an apologist . It 's not an unmitigated disaster , but it 's not good - or good enough .
... one of the funniest movies of the year .
the story regularly dozes off and wakes up in other places , squinting its eyes and groping in the dark for laughs .
It 's one of those sad occasions where the bringing together of funny people mysteriously negates their ability to be funny .
The Watch is an utterly soulless , lazy , painfully dull affair . It is not a film . It is a product , and an awful one . This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen .
There may be plenty of studio comedies that are better than this film , but there are more that are worse .
The Watch does n't totally know what it is - but that does n't matter . It 's entertaining , silly fun , if you like gaggles of fools stumbling upon alien invasions and d*ck jokes .
The Watch is indeed a feathered fish . It 's a freaking underwater ostrich . Whether or not it will appeal to all four quadrants is of little concern to any viewer lucky enough to be located within its niche demographic , however .
Four likeable guys and fine screen actors make a meal of this loony , gross-out sci-fi comedy , but you wonder if it is n't time for them to leave behind juvenile alley
Bursting with penis jokes , this low-laugh , low-brow comedy hovers somewhere between mash-up and alien mush
Off-the-production-line comedy , marketed as a sci-fi fan-boy 's lighter bit of fluffy entertainment . And the aliens - seen them , zapped them all before .
This little-green-men mash-up shows that in space , no one can hear you laugh .
With a sour tone and jokes that have no punchlines , this is a relentlessly unfunny comedy that shifts into an unexciting alien invasion thriller
Stiller , Vaughn , Hill and Ayoade muster their comedic powers in a bid to save the script . They almost pull it off - but they 've all been in better .
Schaffer piles on the jokes and set pieces to keep things moving .
Altogether a deeply dislikable damp squib of a picture .
There 's nothing particularly offensive about the piece . But its intergalactic badness does take the breath away .
We could have had comic fireworks ; instead , thanks to slapdash direction and slack pacing , The Watch is a damp squib - so much so that even Vaughn 's quick-fire smut fails to ignite .
The comedy is based on the ` hilarious ' notion that these men act like 12-year-olds , talking about sports and sex in the most simplistically rude ways imaginable
The Watch is unwatchable - a punishingly long , aggressively crude , laugh-free American comedy about neighbourhood vigilantes in suburban Ohio .
Vaughn is now officially the Hollywood star you would most like to see announcing their retirement .
If you can ignore the disturbing parallels with recent events , this middle-aged , Middle-American Attack The Block raises a laugh .
It 's got a cast to kill for , a Seth Rogen/Evan Goldberg script -LRB- they wrote Superbad -RRB- and a promisingly Ghostbusters-ish premise . And yet it 's catastrophic .
By the end you want to mercy-shoot everyone involved .
All the bromancing back-slapping ca n't hide the quartet 's crippling lack of screen chemistry , while frights , and laughs , are non-existent .
A career low for everyone involved .
While not expecting Wildean wit , this puerile , or should that be penile , picture does n't even measure up to previous Stiller/Vaughn pair ups .
Director Schaffer does n't seem to know what to do with this material .
It 's amiable bordering on lazy as opposed to rivetting - it 's difficult to see the point of The Watch .
Lazily written , poorly directed and dismally unfunny comedy with unlikeable characters , lacklustre performances and a mean spirited script that completely wastes its central idea .
A mostly harmless time at the movies ... if do n't value your time too much .
A film packaged as pure product , aiming to snare the combined markets for loudmouth comics , sci-fi action and , er , Richard Ayoade - who , however seemingly misplaced , is the freshest thing here .
Lacking the bite of Attack The Block , Stiller and co. are happy to fall back on their usual shtick , with director Schaffer providing barely enough juice to power the laughs .
Even though this script is cheap and often tiresome , I have to hand it to Vince Vaughn : I never get tired of seeing him onscreen .
That it triumphs , despite being a slave to formula , is squarely down to its uproarious banter , co-scripted by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg and delivered with aplomb by an on-form ensemble .
It 's amazing how much thought , effort and creative energy `` The Watch '' works into its script about human -- and space-alien -- crotches .
According to an old showbiz saw , the key to comedy is timing . Well , the new big-budget sci-fi comedy The Watch has a problem there .
Cover Your Eyes
The fusion of high concept and lowbrow humor is initially amusing , but becomes unwieldy as the movie shifts into action mode and the explosions threaten to overwhelm the laugh lines .
The only thing the cast seemed to care about it trying to make you laugh . It worked for me , especially having a happy Vince Vaughn .
It 's a mash-up of blah buddy comedy and gross-out CGI monster splatter , with nary a laugh to be had .
Affirms rather than skewers the nativist insularity and xenophobia of its ` heroes , ' who in one particularly distasteful interlude pose Abu Ghraib-style with an extraterrestrial corpse , their first kill ...
It made me laugh and even though it got untangled towards the end I had fun watching it . I 'm gon na give this movie the same score as my mom , who accompanied us to the screening , 3.1 Schmoes . Decimals run in the family .
The first half of this movie might make you laugh but it 's very sloppy . I saw this a few months ago when it was a much better film called Attack the Block .
Bad sci-fi mixed with bad comedy and a Guinness World Record for the number of times the male anatomy is mentioned in a single movie .
The Watch is hard to watch .
With Stiller , Vaughn and Hill heading the cast you expect more - so much more .
Less like a neighborhood watch than it is a lesser Bowery Boys scenario -- only here staffed by the hormonal Hardy Boys from hell .
I do n't know what planet other critics are watching their comedies on , but here on Earth , this is pretty gut-busting stuff . Woody Allen wishes To Rome With Love were a 10th as funny .
This messy mix of sci-fi horror and post-Superbad raunchiness did n't make me laugh once . The laughs I did hear from others at a screening made me resent the movie more . Or maybe that 's just the sinking feeling of civilization eroding in my presence .
The Watch '' is a good time even if the neighborhood watch is n't going to top your list of possible answers to the question `` who you gon na call ? ''
It 's almost impossible to believe that The Watch comes from the same man behind the gleefully irreverent Hot Rod ...
Sadly , like a lot of SNL alumni or proteges , Schaffer has trouble coming up with 100 minutes of funny material .
... a quasi-rip-off of an infinitely funnier kick-ass Brit comedy ` Attack the Block ' ... Costco and Trojan get so many plugs , it joins ` Mac & Me ' as the feature-length equivalent of an infomercial .
Simultaneously subverting and celebrating several genres of he-man testosterone flicks , from horror to buddy action flick , to , heaven help us , the existential suburban angst of John Updike
`` Dick joke , dick joke , gay joke , dick joke , piss joke , gangsta rap gag done better 13 years ago in Office Space , Andy Samberg cameo , dick joke . ''
Could it be that Vince Vaughn , Jonah Hill , and Ben Stiller have lost their respective knacks for making audiences laugh ?
They did n't bother to write it ; you should n't bother to `` Watch '' it .
It 's obvious that Vaughn and Stiller were tossing it around , but non-stop vulgarity is no substitute for a good story . That adequate story was nowhere in sight .
A bad comedy is one thing , but a bad comedy starring funny people is unconscionable .
`` The Watch '' is so focused on making vulgar comments and developing in-depth vulgar conversations and situations that nothing else really feels like it was developed properly ; the entire experience is equivalent to excruciating torture .
More like playtime for a bunch of comedians than a solid film , but for those looking for a harmless 102 minutes of amusing lunacy , the movie is entertaining enough .
The similarly-plotted Attack the Block , which is n't technically a comedy , is leagues funnier than The Watch , which is .
Take heart in the fact that you should laugh a bit during this experience , even if you forget about it later .
Seeing Richard Ayoade in this film is like watching someone confronted by a T-Rex and hoping that if he holds really still it wo n't eat him .
You may feel like you 're watching a 90-minute Bud commercial , but there are laughs to be had , and British comic Richard Ayoade puts a fresh spin on R-rated raunch .
The movie 's strongest asset is its quartet of comedic stars , who work well together and keep things lively .
Ill-conceived and incoherent ...
It is an uneven mix of raunchy male-bonding comedy with a science-fiction twist that provides some scattered laughs but lacks consistency .
Stars Ben Stiller , Vince Vaughn and Jonah Hill . That can be good . Or that can be bad . In this case , it 's bad . A great premise , some clever ideas but ultimately unwatchable .
A disease-carrying mosquito of film comedy .
A wearying , lackluster sci-fi comedy , The Watch is a premise in search of a compelling story , and an exemplar of indulgent improvisation gone wrong and too long .
A movie about guys and aliens that is scattered in too many directions .
Like oil and water , science and religion , and brains and reality TV stardom , the divergent elements of The Watch just do n't mix .
The Watch is a predictable and lazy comedy wrapped around a penis joke occasionally enlivened with some funny lines .
What should have been at least Ghostbusters lite ends up sliming audiences with sloppy seconds .
All traces of fun are sucked into a black hole of dense , inescapable comedic mediocrity .
What 's puzzling , and a bit disturbing , is that much of our screening audience was laughing consistently , but nary a snicker from the critics . Did I miss something ? And a $ 70 MILLION BUDGET !!? Are you kidding ?
Stiller , Vaughn and Hill -- all three of them phoned in their performances .
Worth a few chuckles , but belly laughs are mostly absent . Ben Stiller 's schtick is getting old .
This half-baked alien invasion comedy is just barely Watch-able .
There 's nothing revelatory to be found in The Watch , but the cast 's knack for improv , a poetry of the profane , makes the adventure worth ... viewing .
A state-of-the-craft Hollywood comedy product .
You can see what all concerned were going for here , and you can lament where they came up short -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Wait a few months , and if you still feel driven to try your luck with the movie , look for the DVD , which is sure to snag some prime shelf space at Costco .
When the punchine of the movie is basically the same as -LSB- Costco 's -RSB- slogan , though , that seems like a mistake .
No one can deny that the movie is consistently infantile ...
`` The Watch '' takes the same ethos of male bonding , obsession with sex and sardonic violence that has proved so profitable in recent years on yet another summer spin .
Improvisation is definitely The Watch-word , with Vaughn and Hill in particular winging just about every line they speak - most of them filthy , few of them funny .
For hang time with the guys , you could do worse than `` The Watch . ''
Really , wait for it on cable . At least then you 'll be able to change the channel .
The `` action '' scenes come across as brief , noisy periods of rest from the lame comedy , which counts for something , if not quite what the filmmakers intended .
Can not possibly be what anyone involved had in mind when they signed on .
This poor movie ca n't catch a break , which is a shame because it 's actually pretty funny .
Much of the action takes place after hours in the Costco managed by Stiller 's character , but the laughs are not available in bulk .
Lazy , uninspired , unoriginal and unfunny , a real dud and a definite notch in the loss column for all involved .
It 's called ` The Watch ' ... but you may want to reconsider .
Director Akiva Schaffer , excellent when directing and co-writing SNL Digital Shorts , has his hands full just trying to attach one ill-fitting scene to another , with little opportunity to establish a coherent style or , for that matter , a coherent shot list .
We 're talking about a dozen or so taken-by-surprise , spontaneous and genuine `` Ha ! '' moments . And always one `` ha , '' never two .
Directed by Akiva Schaffer from a screenplay by Jared Stern , Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg , the movie clumsily juggles two loosely connected concepts .
It 's one of those smoke bomb comedies that seems to disappear even while you 're watching , leaving no trace of itself behind .
Though many of the jokes land , some of them feel like a game of penis-related Mad Libs .
If you 're curious how well the moron comedy and the alien invasion film work together let 's put it like this : as well as chocolate syrup goes with sushi .
Imagine Attack the Block , only set in America . With a mostly middle-aged cast . And not funny . Or exciting .
You are hard pressed to say what the premise of `` The Watch '' even is .
A lowbrow , lame-brained mash-up of buddies-on-patrol comedy and sci-fi actioner .
Some of the phallic jokes work , others are really lame . Fortunately there are many other funny bits that have nothing to do with body parts that keep the laughs coming .
The Watch is a studio turd marinated in eau de skunk that stinks worse than week-old fish .
Though it 's never transformational , it 's mostly amusing . Which counts !
I 'll watch Vaughn in anything . It 's just that in the case of `` The Watch , '' I 'm pretty sure I did .
When the neighborhood watch gets their first call , it turns out to be a prank and they all end up with egg on their faces . Perhaps the filmmakers most inspired joke was an insider critique of their own movie .
It has bodily humor that tilts so far out of funny they land in `` clinically embarrassing . '' And it makes Ben Stiller , Vince Vaughn and Jonah Hill yell like hyenas to keep things lurching along .
It 's just an excuse for jokes about male genitalia and its operational weaknesses .
The film is one long Costco joke -- but the punch line is never all that funny .
Mediocre , slightly sloppy and a mild waste of a great cast .
The Watch perks up when Ayoade 's spacey line readings give it something unique and unexpected - otherwise , per Costco , audiences are buying their generic sci-fi comedy in bulk .
The bespectacled Ayoade is the odd man out in the group , and his offbeat , eerily cheery reading of every line lends the movie its single aspect of unpredictability .
It 's another one of those loud , penis-obsessed bro farces , lazily written -LRB- by actor Seth Rogen , among others -RRB- and haphazardly directed -LRB- by Akiva Schaffer , longtime `` SNL '' writer and part of the Lonely Island comedy team -RRB- .
In the aftermath of the Trayvon Martin shooting in Florida , the studio altered the title of this brainless comedy from ` Neighborhood Watch . ' They should have kept the name and changed everything else instead .
Ayoade , the writer and director of last year 's charming U.K. indie Submarine , brings a stranger-in-a-strange-land naiveté to the proceedings . He 's The Watch 's biggest surprise - not that there are many .
The bar is high for bad comedies , but `` The Watch '' promises to be this summer 's worst .
The stars ' improv-heavy camaraderie works better than the flick 's more blockbustery action bits .
It works almost in spite of its overcrowded cast and loose , pulpy spitball of a plot .
Tired , aggravatingly vociferous stuff , with an insatiable improvisational thirst that makes a perfectly agreeable premise look like an audition tape for The Groundlings .
In the end , the jokes are n't funny enough , and there are n't enough of them to make up for the sound and fury and incoherence and , yeah , for the preponderance of damn shooting .
What 's perhaps most off-putting about the movie is n't its increasingly stale humor , but the way it ultimately validates its characters ' worst impulses .
Piles on the shrill vulgarity but sticks with its toothless emotional lessons , leaving it with the worst of both worlds .
I kept asking myself one thing throughout the duration of this above-average , aliens vs. average Joes comedy : Where are Simon Pegg and Nick Frost ?
It 's not likely that a big-screen alien invasion has ever felt less urgent .
A bottom-feeding , going-through-the-motions ` comedy , ' full of every tiresome cliche you can imagine and not particularly well-acted or directed
If you want a descriptive term , `` disappointment '' should cover it .
The principle behind the humor in `` The Watch '' seems to be : When in doubt , mention testicles .
It 's never quite sure what do with its sci-fi premise , so it winds up doing very little at all .
You 're unlikely to laugh much , and you may get an unexpected case of the non-art-imitates-bad-life creeps .
It sticks in the craw .
If this movie wanders into your neighborhood , the only watch that will hold your attention is the timepiece on your wrist .
`` The Watch '' just feels like yet another generic Hollywood product ; raunchier and dumber than it needs to be , never as funny as it wants to be .
It 's a weirdly pokey exercise that rarely gets the best out of those involved .
A movie called The Watch could n't have worse timing .
If we ca n't laugh at beer-swilling trigger-happy Neighborhood Watchers , what 's the point of moving to the ` Burbs ?
`` The Watch '' has lots of energy but not much inspiration .
Fortunately , everyone in the cast steps up to the plate and tags the bases convincingly .

@highlight

The Watch uneasily mixes sci-fi elements with gross-out gags and strands its talented cast with a script that favors vulgarity over wit at nearly every turn .