You can call Junebug an unwanted , but much needed homecoming , mostly celebrated by the hearty welcome of George 's sister-in-law Ashley Johnsten , played by Amy Adams .
Morrison and MacLachlan mine the clash of cultures for comedy , but there 's an undertow of sadness to their film - and Adams 's touching performance as George 's naïve but well-meaning , heavily pregnant sister-in-law captures this perfectly
At every moment when `` Junebug '' could choose dramatic cliché , even with Ashley 's pregnancy , it 's beautifully subtle . A poetic , graceful tale about the comforts and oddities of returning home to family .
The humor here is expectedly quirky but it feels earned thanks to writer MacLachlan and director Morrison 's honestly rendered observations of family and small-town life
Junebug annoyed me while in the theater , and annoys me even more as I write about it .
Amy Adams is simply magical , guileless and throbbing , sunniness fraught with desperation
A wonderful bittersweet dramedy that deserves to be seen .
... one of many reasons to love Junebug is how often it offers us spaces to fill in ourselves , the faith it shows in handing us small puzzles -- Eugene 's hand-carved bird , for instance -- to chuckle over or think on afterward .
From dinner-table silences , to nuances of Baptist vocabulary , to ` colorful ' displays of Southern imagination , these people are three-dimensional and compelling .
To get a good idea of what to expect , think Hee Haw presented as a Shakespearean melodrama .
Not since ... My Cousin Vinny has there been a more charming class-clash comedy-drama than Junebug .
-LSB- Adams is -RSB- a knockout and makes the film , despite its shortcomings , deeply pleasurable .
click to read review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
An arthouse Meet The Parents , Junebug explores the same territory with greater subtlety and complexity , and more chuckles and quiet smiles , instead of big comedy routines .
Um filme que exige ser visto mais de uma vez , no mínimo para que possamos ter o prazer de rever atuações tão ricas em detalhes .
Delicately avoids Hollywood 's typical condescending caricatures of those who dwell below the Mason-Dixon line .
There 's a constant tension in the air , as if the characters could make catastrophic decisions at any moment but the film consistently surprises you by upturning the expected cliches .
... the honesty with which -LSB- the film has -RSB- been imbued is generally difficult to resist .
The movie cuts deep with its realistic portrayals of human strengths , weaknesses , and relational dynamics .
Junebug is the older , wiser sibling of home-for-the-holidays family melodramas like Pieces of April .
On paper , Junebug might sound like something you 've already seen a dozen times . But movies are n't made on paper , silly .
A beautiful , sensitive exploration of the strings that hold people together
comes on like a carbon copy of ` Meet the Parents , ' then turns the concept inside out , revealing unexpected depths and shades in what initially looked like worn-out material .
Junebug is an admirable film , but its charms will be visible only to the most patient filmgoers .
It 's a pure , indie film experience that has about zero in the way of physical action , but plenty of emotional struggle , and does n't bluntly telegraph where it 's going .
The many well-drawn characters , make Junebug a pleasure to watch , but the plotting is dull , and the script leaves too many questions .
It 's a soft and tender portrait of the funky south with splashes of color , notably Amy Adams in a balls-out performance .
A slight film enlivened by Adams ' winning performance .
I found most of the characters to be either uninteresting or annoying .
What 's abundantly clear is that Adams steals the film as the irrepressible Ashley .
`` Junebug '' has its bumpy roads , but ultimately this window on small-town Americana is as honest and revelatory as they come . A gem indeed .
Amy Adams gives a standout performance that 's worthy of Oscar consideration .
`` Junebug '' is a Southern class struggle played out in small , with Amy Adams the brightest star among these delicate -- and often misunderstood -- flowers .
A quiet journey into the heartland , and the heart .
An imperfect movie that 's perfectly wonderful .
Thanks to Adams ' performance and strong story , it makes for a mildly entertaining Southern-fried experience .
A generally quiet film grounded in character studies , where things just happen as they naturally might -- and where things are n't tied up in neat little packages .
Junebug has delightful moments , but much of it is a Southern-fried drag .
Forrest Gump always said that stupid is as stupid does ... some of Junebug 's strange folk would respond to that platitude with a resounding `` huh ? ''
Morrison captures not only the flavors of Southern living - from church suppers to hollerin ' contests - but a sense of what it 's like to be Southern .
This comedy-drama takes a few unexpected dramatic turns and actually manages to say a few things about the peculiar charms of the South without becoming too patronizing or cloyingly phony .
A marvelous and moving film that looks honestly and penetratingly at every character in its frame , constantly surprising us and challenging our own preconceptions .
... a movie that slowly reveals its compassion for ordinary people , each of whom is eventually revealed as an individual , possessed of an array of qualities
It is a modest but brilliantly acted , spiritually rewarding and often heartbreaking portrait of life as a work in progress .
Adams is first-rate in her lovable desperation , Watson reminds me of many parochial Piedmont mamas , and Taylor is remarkable as the visionary with no eye for his own follies .
A gem of a gentle , contemplative drama , filled with the joy and sadness that comprise all of our lives .
There are ceramic cardinals mounted on the wall , and Zingers on top of the refrigerator ; but there are dark woods here , and they 're just beyond the family 's backyard deck ...
Junebug is that rare kind of movie that contrasts ` cultured ' big-city characters with devout , ` simple ' folk without being condescending or judgmental of either camp .
The sum is something deeply profound : about awkwardness , culture clash , failed connections , and -- ultimately -- the strength that comes from surviving a trial by fire .
The adult tensions and the tone take us to a place remembered so vividly that even if we do n't know this corner of the South , we 've somehow lived there or at least passed through .
A cool delight when it sticks to comic observation . It only starts to crawl when Morrison shifts his blue-gray medley to darker tones .
Despite the best of intentions , Junebug never quite comes together .
Adams won a Sundance award for her portrayal of this deeply lovable motormouth , and it 's easy to see why .
Slips its way into your affections with quiet observations and knowing moments of reflection .
As curiously odd , profound and beautiful as its title .
A warm and honest gem of a movie , frequently laugh-out-loud funny in surprising and genuine ways , and quietly touching without forcing obvious emotions on the viewer .
Brimming with bright dialogue , complex characters and moments of sheer aching sweetness , it 's Chekhov with a side of red-eye gravy .
This brilliantly detailed , richly painted portrait lingers long in the memory .
With its wise understanding of the magnetic pull -LRB- and invisible polarities -RRB- of family , Junebug is an auspicious debut for Morrison .
It 's a quiet , funny , moving triumph , the kind of movie that gives ` interesting ' a good name .
Excels at showing us characters and situations that turn out to be far more complicated than they initially appear .
While this sweet-tart movie is definitely worth seeing , more compelling is what Morrison , and Adams , will do next .
This visit to the old homestead is worthwhile , if only to meet its unflappable , charismatic women .
As someone with Southern roots , I can tell you I personally know every character in this movie . I am especially knowledgeable of George , a man who knew he had to leave but knows part of him never can .
Features an astounding performance from comparative unknown Amy Adams that is all the more satisfying in that it does n't overwhelm the film .
The overall female performances are excellent in this telling saga that informs us you ca n't go home again .
They do n't make a lot of movies like this -LRB- it did n't come from a formula or fit into an easy category description -RRB- , but it 's nice to enjoy it when they do .
Amy Adams gives an Oscar worthy performance in this quiet , contemplative film about southern family life .
With Junebug , it 's what 's inside that counts .
Sort of a Meet the Parents for the Sundance set , director Phil Morrison 's bizarrely overpraised Junebug is one of this year 's vaguest , most listless oddities .
An artfully simple , quietly perceptive movie ... one of the most honest , revealing portraits of familial love and friction to hit the screen in years .
It is also a coming out party for the splendiferously talented Adams . She 's magnificent , the actress delivering a rapid-fire performance so electrically invigorating it literally gave me Goosebumps .
Wonderful performances and the director 's continual inventiveness make Junebug a particularly promising first feature .
Thanks to newfangled things like TV and the Internet , small-town folks are n't as uniformly insulated as director Phil Morrison and screenwriter Angus McLachlan would have us believe .
The richly suggestive Junebug gives us plenty to mull as it takes us into an environment where secrets are harbored and character can stagnate like summer air that has all but given up waiting for a breeze .
Junebug has a big , wide-open heart and a sense of wonder about how complicated and surprising people are .
Junebug gets under your skin .
Rich with details both humorous and sad ... . Deeply satisfying .
uneasily familiar , and sort of beautiful
In the end , we not only believe in the men and women populating the film , but feel along with them . By offering that experience , Junebug has done its job .
Director Phil Morrison and screenwriter Angus MacLachlan , both from North Carolina , give us characters that ring true and a worthy portrait of the chasm between city and country .
Junebug immerses itself in a part of the American experience Hollywood does n't touch anymore , and has sharp , perceptive talents behind camera .
As refreshing as a tall glass of iced tea with mint on a hot summer 's day , Junebug is one of the year 's most beguiling films .
Junebug is a textbook case of filmmakers who ca n't make up their minds about their characters ; it 's a failure of nerve disguised as dramatic ambiguity .
Thankfully MacLachlan and Morrison do n't take the easy way out by making fun of the country folk , or by `` humanizing '' the city folk and converting them to country ways .
The stereotypical outsider look into fundamentalist southern Christian world is a bit too clichéd but the small , capable cast makes the best out of it .
Junebug has the feel of a good short story or novella .
Composed of small moments that , in their questioning , touch on something illuminating about the human heart and its mysterious adaptability .
It 's hugely entertaining , it 's spectacularly acted , and it pricks you in all kinds of places .
Adams is so pure-hearted and touching that she redeems the film , just as her character redeems , or tries to , the blighted lives around her .
All the acting is so good , and the setting is so rightly observed , that Junebug emerges as one of the best pictures of the year .
Junebug is a great film because it is a true film . It humbles other films that claim to be about family secrets and eccentricities .
A dreary , stagnant story about people who make no effort to think or grow .
If the Academy has any brains , heart , and balls , at least one Oscar will go to the quietly brilliant Junebug .
Southern living feels indescribably delicious in this languorous ode to small-town dysfunction .
Every scene in this film is perfectly executed .
If there were an Oscar for ensemble acting , Junebug would be a candidate this February .
While it 's very clear that she adores George , the visit exposes the mysterious fragility of their marriage .
Merely being different does n't always equal good .
This crazy journey south ends up more than rewarding .
A quirky , moderately entertaining , mildly depressing , altogether frustrating work ... Too artsy by half .
Restores some of the lustre to the indie dysfunction genre .
This low-key drama is a miracle of mood , atmosphere , and sensitivity .
The balancing act of character contradictions ultimately becomes more about itself than true human behavior .
Morrison likes to cite the Japanese master filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu as an influence , and you can feel his guiding hand throughout this remarkable debut feature .
How slow can we go ?
A deceptively simple , deeply resonant story about the inherent loneliness of family , the odds against assimilation and the enormous distances that can divide two people .
An extraordinary cast find gnarly human truths in material that , in less astute hands , could have degenerated into a Southern fried Meet the Parents . Or a sermon .
Morrison and screenwriter Angus MacLachlan put an unusual spin on the old chestnuts , playing them straight -- well , almost straight -- and letting the subtle , knotty humanity shine through the surface tics and traits .
Morrison and his cast approach this familiar story with such understated intelligence , we do n't even realize they 've pulled the rug out from under the audience until we 've tumbled to the floor , clichés scattered in pieces around us .
For all its specificity , we come away feeling as if we 've walked in the shoes of all of these people at different points in our lives .
Phil Morrison does an impressive job with his big-screen directorial debut , although we ca n't figure out how he wants us to take Madeleine .
Junebug addresses familiar themes in an intriguingly understated way .
You may find yourself caught entrancingly off guard by the conflicting shades of love , suspicion , tradition , and mystery that infuse this tale of lost innocence , deep roots , and what it means to come from the world of the South .
... a true American original ... a small miracle that marks the emergence of a truly unique new filmmaking team ... this entire ensemble just clicks
Phil Morrison 's wise , bittersweet , beautifully acted comedy about a Southern homecoming envelops us in texture of a world the movies rarely visit .
Morrison mostly succeeds in his attempt to show how secret knowledge can result in sudden violence as well as long-term , lived-in acceptance .
Like Meet the Parents as written by Tennessee Williams .
North is north and south is south and here the twain does meet -- delightfully .
A couple 's new marriage is tested on a visit to the groom 's family in North Carolina where traditional values hold sway .
It takes one of two things to cut through the critic 's desensitized haze - either a smashingly original idea , or the same old ideas re-envisioned with unusual grace . Junebug is a nice example of the second .
Using the paradigm of the outsider to an advantage , Junebug centers on the familial and cultural clashes in a Southern clan , when the son brings home his sophisticated wife .
Helmer Morrison and scripter Angus MacLachlan merely hint at long-festering estrangement that provides an ominously percolating undercurrent throughout scenes in the modest but spacious family home .
In Junebug , everything is great - no question about it - but one element chews up the screen and carpet bombs the audience for attention ... that element is Amy Adams .
It 's sometimes said that Southerners rejoice in their eccentrics and put them out on the porch for full display , rather than push them in the closet . Indeed , the filmmakers have given us a nicely filled porch .








@highlight

Aided and abetted by a wonderful cast , director Phil Morrison transforms familiar material into an understated and resonant comedy .