Ford 's building blocks are familiar , but this is no call-to-action film or how-to guide for getting answers and moving on .
It 's deceptively simple , but it does so much so well . It 's heartbreaking by the end ... It 's just really , really powerful .
Ford is so gifted at taking old photographs and interviews and making a movie that is always beautiful to look at .
Emotionally gripping .
Beautifully shot and full of subtle nuances , Strong Island is intriguing throughout .
An emotionally gut-wrenching film memoir .
A film about a systemic injustice that seems all the crueler for how vividly it depicts the personal effect of that injustice .
Yance Ford has directed a movie about the death of his brother that distills this kind of frustration into something heartbreaking , but that 's what makes it a vital and powerful film .
Both a personal documentary and a profound meditation on race in America , Strong Island ... takes the viewer on a harrowing journey through crime and lack of punishment .
`` Strong Island '' is both confessional and confrontational ... . Yance 's storytelling style is particularly shrewd and compelling .
The open-ended conclusion to Strong Island represents an ongoing struggle and a wound that can not possibly heal , but one that leaves a scar to be remembered , respected and ultimately never repeated .
Only a handful of autobiographical films rise beyond trivia or personal angst to be as powerful as Strong Island ... finds context and meaning to tell larger American truth .
t 's a slightly unfocused work ... but its rawness is part of its strength .
Strong Island is so supreme in its presentation that it immediately grabs your attention and never lets go . You simply ca n't stop watching , listening , empathizing .
One of the most poignant and intimate documentaries I 've ever seen . This compelling personal story also takes on institutional racism and the justice system in a way that ca n't be ignored .
The film 's central murder carries a potent political subtext about the black experience of the criminal justice system in America , but , more than that , this is a film about loss and irrepressible grief .
... rather than trying to provide the definitive depiction of the crime , or bring the murderer to justice , Strong Island is instead a more visceral and profound cinematic experience .
When we say Black lives matter , it is often with precision focus on someone who has lost their life . We do n't often consider the crippling impact on the lives of the people who love them .
A view of systemic racism through a highly personal and artistic lens .
Strong builds a poignant , methodical portrait of loss . Telling William 's story wo n't bring him back , but at least it will let the world know he lived .
This documentary is important , not just as personal investigation , but as a statement against official records : the countless cases where indictments are n't reached , where cases are closed , where young people are pressured to take plea bargains .
There are questions that circle around themselves , endlessly , providing no broader outlook . However , by the same token , it is that very lack of objectivity that makes Strong Island the experience that it is . It is a very tough film to shake .
The doc is a demanding , wrenching watch ; an important work , if not necessarily one you 'd recommend to your friends .
If the excerpts from the diary leading up to his death do n't break your heart , you probably have n't got one .
This is cinematic intimacy in the best manner for the worst of all reasons .
This potent film gives equal weight to complex emotions as well as bare facts . In the same way , it 's not just the story of a man 's death , but also a study of the aftermath .
It 's clear that the filmmaker wants you to feel the same kind of hurt and anger he feels as more information unfolds about William Ford Jr. 's death .
Courageous , intimate , heart-rending ...
What 's valuable here , in addition to Ford 's visual mastery , is the wealth of context that he provides .
The pain of Will 's death is very much present , still , and Strong Island-one of the best films of the year-is an attempt to harness it .
Slyly edited in a way that plays with timelines and repetitions , while also allowing her interview subjects to occasionally veer on tangents , Ford 's film is something much more intimate than just mere memoir of cinematic vigil .
Ford is more than a witness-he is a crucial participant in the events of the film , and its elements of pain and guilt are reflected in his grief-stricken , self-interrogating aesthetic .
The film builds , out of an outlet for discussing the tragedy of one family , into an emotionally , intellectually , and aesthetically complex work of essay and memoir .
Ford displays a strong visual sense that raises this film above the many true-crime documentaries now in circulation .
Ford 's intent as a filmmaker is n't just to expose and protest the injustice of his brother 's murder . It 's to say : Behold what was lost . A life . A human being . A complex soul . A family 's equilibrium . Feel what was lost .
The intimacy Ford develops is rare and transfixing . Strong Island is as much an exploration of the filmmaker 's identity and feelings surrounding his brother 's murder as it is a loving , even-handed portrait of William .
Truly special , especially as it moves towards its final act , in which Yance begins to wonder about his own actions before William Jr. 's death , and how they might have contributed to the situation .
A family tragedy , stemming from a case of injustice , is recounted in the most personal terms possible in Strong Island , a powerful documentary from director Yance Ford .
The documentary wo n't bring William Ford back , and it may give Yance Ford some catharsis , but more importantly it could and should lead to greater justice and empowerment .
Strong Island manages to mourn the loss of an innocent man and celebrate his memory at once ; in the gap between those two sentiments , it finds a modicum of solace by expressing the complex range of emotions plaguing Ford and his family .
Solemn , searching and at times even poetic in its indignation , this is a sensitively crafted contemplation of corrosive grief , even if the unanswerable questions surrounding the case keep the film somewhat emotionally muted .
25 years later , Yance ca n't escape the pain of a brother 's death - forgotten by so many others - and the frame becomes a confining enclosure for a sibling 's anguish coming out of every pore .

@highlight

Strong Island uses one family 's heartbreaking tragedy to offer a sobering picture of racial injustice in modern America .