Shutter , which attempts to do for cameras what The Ring did for videocassettes , what Pulse did for computers , and what The Grudge did for grudges .
Avoid unless you 've never seen a horror movie in your life or you just have very low standards .
... an absolutely redundant piece of work ...
Out of the list of horrible remakes I 've experienced in 2008 , `` Shutter '' really is n't the worst one I 've seen yet , but it sure does suck enough to rank up there ...
... the film feels like a made-for-TV movie .
Similar to a theme park ride that scares kids , this Asian horror film frightens only newcomers to the genre from which it practically bootlegs .
Shutter the latest photographic enlargement of an Asian horror picture , is clearer and sharper than many of its predecessors , but even the most expert re-touching can not obscure the fact that we have seen it all before .
Shutter features another pale , scraggly haired young woman a la The Ring haunting our protagonists . Yawn .
paramenei eksisoy , an ohi kai perissotero flyaro ap ' tin pigi tis empneysis toy . Apo tin opoia krata episis to megethos ton logikon almaton , oksynontas ta opoy mporei gia na klepsei merikes eykoles fantezi tromares , eno kseperna to prototypo sto epipono t
As pretty and bland as its lead actors .
Yeah , this movie is a must avoid .
Workmanlike at best ; derivative , predictable and slightly dull at worst .
Workmanlike at best ; derivative , predictable and slightly dull at worst .
It 's an effective scary story that depicts women with spirit - on both sides of the divide .
It 's all rather predictable , and often irritatingly derivative
SHUTTER should have been the scariest horror film since THE RING , but instead it was infuriatingly bad . This joins ONE MISSED CALL in the ranks of worst horror remakes of all-time and I highly recommend skipping this one for the original ...
The latest in the downward spiral of remakes
Are more of these Asian remakes in the offering ? I `` Shutter '' to think .
What happens is the same as every other J-horror remake only less so , at least in part because it stars Rachael Taylor and Joshua Jackson instead of actual famous people .
No one needs a telephoto lens to see what 's coming in Shutter .
Only the punning title distinguishes this one from ... other entries in this exhausted genre .
Really , what 's the point ? It 's a business deal rather than a movie .
Will the next terror-minded remake involve a possessed telegraph machine or a grudge-minded ox and cart ? Neither option could be any lamer than the shock-free Shutter .
Suffers from cumulative mediocrity . In other words , there 's only so much recycled rubbish you can endure without wanting to take a hostage .
Your soul will be intact after Shutter , but it will cost you 85 minutes .
With Shutter , that nerve-tingling soundtrack gets heavy use almost from the beginning of the movie . It becomes tiresome .
Shutter is seriously short on shudders .
At some point in Shutter you will probably lose count , along with your patience , but the film will keep right on going .
J-horror thrives on atmosphere and that 's one of the many things missing from Shutter , along with tension , wit and , you know , scares
Though a presentation of 20th Century Fox , Shutter has the look and feel of a proper J-horror film .
Running a slim 85 minutes , Shutter could easily lose two reels and still make sense .
If Shutter is any indication , the reputation of professional photographers is still on the wane . Not only are photographs creepy , the film suggests , but so are photographers .
Shutter is a ghost story free of logic and spirit , representative of everything that 's wrong with so much of current mainstream studio fare .
Apparently , they really do hate us abroad . Just look at this jewel inspired by Asian fare . Risible does n't even begin to describe it . Lost in translation ? No . Lost from the get-go .
Oh , snap !
The main problem is that they spelled the title wrong . The first vowel should be an I.
Asian horror remakes are typically not screened for critics , and Shutter is no exception . The studios know what they have : watered-down , lifeless shells of motion pictures devoid of characters , drama , or anything remotely resembling horror .
A blandly cast and crafted remake of the same-titled 2004 Thai pic that itself emulated J-horror norms , which seemed a lot fresher back then . Low on real scares , atmosphere and character .
Strictly perfunctory in its concept and execution , Shutter presents the usual series of spooky images of a deadpan female ghost showing up at odd times and moving in the slow , jerky movements that are de rigueur for the genre .
The director , Masayuki Ochiai , conjures textbook J-horror miasma : clammy clinical interiors ; overcast skies ; diffuse cityscapes .
Shutter coughs up another vengeful ghost in the form of a spurned Japanese waif who appears in photographs and sets about getting her message across as many ghosts do -- in the most indirect , passive-aggressive , logic-defying way imaginable
Ochiai directs with calm assurance -- no eyeball-rattling quick cuts here -- and Dawson 's screenplay preserves most of the original script 's strengths and fixes a couple of weaknesses .
The only thrills in ` Shutter ' come from watching Joshua Jackson in a couple of appealing close-ups .
Add Shutter to the rapidly growing list of American remakes of Asian horror thrillers , in this case a flat , simple schlocky recycling of a crafty and scary Thai flick about the supernatural and the occult .
Can no one think of a different reason for ghosts to haunt people ?
Its PG-13 rating and basic lack of gore seem designed to be uncontroversial , but of course the result of all this anti-controversy is a really dull film .
Personally , I prefer the Thai original , which is available on DVD . It truly gave me the creeps .
Luke Dawson 's screenplay is n't bad , it 's just pointlessly derivative .
... like a video copy of The Ring which has so degraded that all the good bits are no longer visible .
The choice of a Japanese director and a number of key Japanese crew seems to have helped make this American remake a notch better than the other atrocious remakes such as One Missed Call , Pulse and The Eye .
The epitome of gutless , derivative hackwork .
It 's hardly news that in a scary movie , a white girl wandering through Tokyo is frightened and harassed by some supernatural phenomenon .
It gets points for avoiding the graphic gore so common in horror movies nowadays , but Shutter wo n't make you shudder , let alone scream .
As far as the Asian horror remakes go , I 've seen a lot worse ... But then again , I 've seen a lot better .
It 's fun to root for the one who says `` Boo ! '' rather than the screaming ciphers for whom we are usually asked to cheer .
A dreary parade of the familiar ... unrelentingly boring and needlessly unimaginative .
` Shutter ' is a movie that 's a few years behind its time , maybe even a few decades .
Ultimately becomes little more than a series of derivative , predictable genre conventions without the necessary skill to back them up .
A flat , boring , lifeless movie pro-environmental groups ought to protest as a waste of natural resources . Perhaps 20th Century Fox could give some free popcorn to people who buy tickets to their next movie .
Another reason not to get the ` Supernatural Package ' at the one-hour photo .



@highlight

Being a remake of a Thai horror film instead of Japanese does n't prevent Shutter from being another lame Asian horror remake .