Good special effects , an entertaining story and nostalgia ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Accusing Steven Spielberg of overkill at this point in his career , however , seems redundant . Indy IV is an entertaining big screen ride for the whole family , excluding small children and fussy cinephiles .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is quite a bit of fun .
If only they had refrained from indulging themselves quite so much , perhaps they could have delivered a film that was more in keeping with the standards that previous Indy outings had set .
The film 's joyless , going-through-the-motions mood can not be ignored .
While the James Bond series is leaving behind campy cartoon action for a dustier , grittier ` realism , ' Indy is speeding headlong into Looney Toons absurdity .
A perfectly great bout of escapism with Indiana Jones at his best ...
Want some real perspective ? Ask me in ten years : hindsight has a nasty habit of being right . But for right now , on May 22 , 2008 ? Indiana Jones And The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull is a movie worth getting excited for .
A big-budget , corny , by-the-numbers sequel designed to please legions of nostalgic fans .
Senior citizens ' special of the year , a popcorn movie made from , uh , mature corn .
If anyone was worried that Ford was just too old to put the hat back on , Crystal Skull should lay that to rest . There 's still life in the old franchise yet .
I 'll answer the most important question first . Yes , there is a Wilhelm scream in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .
Exhilarating
Ford se jo % u0161 uvijek mo % u017Ee nazivati akcijskom zvijezdom
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull -- the fourth movie about Henry Jones , Jr. -- is as comfortable as an old shoe . Or an old hat . Actually it is old hat . It 's comfortable , but it 's also worn and slack .
Although it carries a certain level of slickness to it , Kingdom of the Crystal Skull shows that although the times have changed - both in the film and for the viewing audience - Indiana Jones has n't . And that 's a problem .
... playful and entertaining , even if it looks , deliberately , as though we 've seen it all before . -LRB- Blu-ray edition -RRB-
The thing I loved most about this movie is just how ludicrous the whole thing is .
Give me an aged archaeologist with a whip any day over a gun-toting secret agent sipping Martinis under the code-name of 007 .
Welcome back Indiana - the old Ford still runs like new !
When it 's good it 's great , and when it 's bad , it 's a typical Lucas misfire .
A colossal disappointment by any measure , this latest Indiana Jones film focuses in on the character weaknesses of its creators George Lucas and Steven Spielberg .
An iconic film character deserved a better story than this .
ena dioro ypertheama gemato entasi kai drasi hortastiki , apolaystiki ki aksiomnimoneyti oso tin proti fora , poy dikaionei tin katagogi tis anabionontas tin , kai kerdizei aksia mia thesi stin dipla stin thryliki trilogia tis
Normally it 's a terrible thing if a film only gives us one good character ... except when it 's Indiana Jones , with a whip at his side . A terrible story ca n't totally ruin Jones . Thank God .
Packed with fights and chases -- but then so were the old Tom and Jerry cartoons . The worst Steven Spielberg popcorn flick since 1941 .
They just do n't make them like they used to , and depending on which category you fall into , that 's either a bad or good thing .
-LSB- Speilberg -RSB- is no longer a young director , and nowhere is that more apparent than in his approach to this Indy .
The pace is a bit lethargic , and the film also suffers from the usual Spielberg Achilles ' heel of many , many false endings .
Harrison Ford played a passable Indiana Jones , but he seemed to have lost his joie de vivre ... although it is an enjoyable fast-moving adventure movie ... I 'd seen it before .
If you want to wonder who built two twin roads through the Amazon , or how come Indy and his troop survive not one but three trips over the waterfall without a bruise , then go to another movie .
The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull lives up to its hype and offers plenty of classic Indy moments .
The energy on display is impressive , even if Spielberg 's suggestion that a fifth Indie adventure is a distinct possibility is more a cause for concern than celebration .
While we can never go home again completely , ` Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ' reminds us of why we fell in love with Indiana Jones in the first place .
I 'm going to get this out of the way first , it 's not as good as the first three . However , it 's a fun , entertaining romp , and there are some classic Indy moments in this .
With at least eight screenwriters hired to work on different drafts over the years ... it 's a minor miracle that the finished film works as well as it does .
You sense that if Lucas had his way , Harrison Ford would have measured Shia LeBeouf 's midiclorian levels .
Aside from the sustained invention of the jungle sequences , much of the movie feels like a recreation of something we 've already seen , like the Vegas version of the Eiffel Tower .
For action fans it 's precious metal with a pedigree .
Indy 's indomitable , of course , charismatic and clever , but he 's surrounded by worn-out emblems and gestures toward a new decade , the cold war and the rise of corporate conformity .
... bored me to the point that I really wanted to get up and leave the theater .
I have to admit this is probably the smartest entry in the series .
Wry humor , kitchy dialogue , fast-paced action , seamless special F/X , solid acting and homage to its original are all good reasons to see -LSB- it -RSB- . I rate it the best of the sequels
Fun , entertaining , genuinely amusing , and made with an abundance of what appears to be honest-to-god warmth , Indiana Jones And The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull is a worthy addition to one of the great movie franchises .
They had 19 years since the last Indiana Jones movie to come up with something truly exciting and fresh , but I feel there 's a certain laziness and cynicism in this latest adventure .
Tiene todo lo que tiene que tener : excelentes efectos visuales , buen ritmo , sentido del humor y un montón de disparates divertidos . Y por supuesto a Harrison Ford en el papel de su vida .
... the dash and derring-do are as kinetic and ebullient as ever ...
Longtime fans of the series will find the references to past films delightful , and they 'll similarly be pleased to find Spielberg once again at his most limber : The director has n't made a film this light and carefree in a long time .
An amusement park ride . Kind of fun , but we know there 's no real danger . The film never has an edge -LRB- save for a great hotrod scene -RRB- .
Crystal Skull can be an amusing couple of hours , even if it 's hardly the ` event ' it ought to have been .
Crystal Skull is n't bad -- there are a few dazzling sequences , and a couple of good performances -- but the unprecedented blend of comedy and action that made the movies so much more fun than any other adventure series is mostly gone .
There 's nothing but entertainment value here .
The action is the movie 's raison d'être , of course , but the setups are wittier than the payoffs .
It 's not fair to ask the film to appeal to your somber , jaded adult sensitivities when the reason you fell in love with Indiana Jones in the first place was because it was the stuff of boyhood daydreams .
Even in a poorly written cobbled together mess like this , Indy still shines and Ford can still bring him to life .
... there 's ultimately no denying that the film is as thrilling and enthralling as one might 've hoped .
Ford and Spielberg are all a little older and a little slower . But the film works because they have all retained a sense of fun ... This is n't great art , just great fun .
This entry feels hokey and jokey , mired in nostalgia and strewn with Spielbergian and Lucasian themes as fake as the cobwebs used on the sound-stagey sets .
Karen Allen was once famous for drinking men under the table , and from the looks of her it 's there they 'll stay . As for Indy , now that he has reached the two-thirds century mark , it 's time to stop using the whip and start using the term ` whippersnapper . '
It 's what we 've been Jones-ing for . For 19 years , in fact .
This film is a compendium of geographic misinformation as well as solid collection of action sequences .
It 's a film well tuned to its own sense of nostalgia and the images of its time .
It 's stupid as all heck in places , but it 's still a lot of fun . Ford actually seems excited to be in a movie .
A worthy successor to those earlier three films in the series .
It 's not a perfect movie , but it 's an Indiana Jones movie .
Whichever way we go , we have to always , always be looking .
Indiana goes about his business shake-rattle-and-rolling around the tropics and cracking secret codes and heads alike , as abracadabra escapades , Elvis jive , brainiacs and Cold War KGB agents collide . So does Indy 4 rock ? Da , Daddy-O .
The gold standard for summer movie fare
From its exciting opening sequence to its clever closing scene , ` Crystal Skull ' made me grateful to Steven Spielberg for deciding to film another Indy adventure .
Indy , it 's great to have you back . When 's the next one ?
It does n't hold a candle to Raiders of the Lost Ark , or even Last Crusade , but it is n't Temple of Doom , either . If you can fathom third place in the series , there lies Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull .
Outlandishly spry and equipped with Ford 's deadpan spunk . The formula is daringly familiar because Spielberg 's action-packed narrative has n't missed a step .
A swell throwback , and one that was worth the wait .
That 'll do Indy , that 'll do .
I enjoyed `` Skull '' more the second time because my expectations had been lowered . Yours should be , as well .
A sentimental old fool that retreats back into the utterly , dishearteningly familiar
... it 's downright refreshing to witness a movie so fully alive to its own antic sense of humor , without any self-conscious , wise-guy irony to get in the way of the fun .
Turns out the old man can still take hits to both body and ego and remain as cheer-worthy as the first time he rocked a bullwhip and dusty lid .
Crystal Skull is a fun ride , but if we have to wait 19 years for the next one , that 's OK by me .
The long , go-for-broke opening sequence in the Nevada desert is a triumph that announces that Spielberg and Indiana Jones are not just an explosive combination , they 're positively atomic .
Utterly unnecessary , unbelievably uninspired and preposterous beyond all imagination .
Despite some things that make you go ` hmmm ' with an unexpected twist of plot events , this is the real Indiana Jones deal . The spirit is spot on and Hollywood this time has fantastically exhumed its venerated roots .
As much joy as it would give me to praise Kingdom of the Crystal Skull unreservedly , there are some noticeable defects .
Has the perfect amounts of camp , humor , danger , action and swashbuckling -LRB- lots of swashbuckling -RRB- to keep everyone in the audience entertained .
Crystal Skull is like bumping into an old friend you said goodbye to years ago and thought you 'd never see again . The reunion is undeniably pleasant but somewhat cheapens the meaningful and eloquent goodbye you once shared .
Indy is n't boning up on Babylonian texts ; he 's leafing through the Weekly World News .
Indy and his fans everywhere deserved better than this .
They 'd done it -- `` they , '' of course , being Steven Spielberg , George Lucas , and Harrison Ford . They had brought Indy back to us , our Indy , and they had n't screwed it up .
Indy might want to point his whip in a different direction .
After 19 years , Spielberg and company have unearthed the best treasure of all - another great Indiana Jones movie .
The relentless stream of exaggerated action is as taxing as the punchline-laden script .
The ` fedora-ble ' Indy is back . Sort of . With his wry half-smile , still performing many of his own stunts , it 's nice to see an old friend doing so well . But the thrill is gone .
Never rocked my boat Daddy-O .
Expecting Brando-esque menace or Dreyfus-ian uplift from the Indiana Jones tetralogy is like going to the candy counter at the mall multiplex and asking for some goat cheese and a nice cabernet .
It stands up just fine to Temple of Doom and Last Crusade , and it does not stand up to Raiders , and this is all that a sane person would have ever hoped for .
Skulls and cliffhanging aside , ` Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ' is a nostalgic reunion for fans . Harrison Ford , with his quirky -LRB- and often funny -RRB- delivery ... has copyrighted this great , heroic character as his alone .
Fortunately , a smart script and great set pieces make this tale of Soviet spies , weird artifacts and a lost city a worthy capstone to the series .
Crystal Skull can be seen as a welcome addition to the franchise , but Spielberg , Ford and Lucas might want to think about hanging up the trusty old fedora before they - dare I say - end up tarnishing Indiana Jones ' good name .
Even as the movie occasionally trips over its nostalgias , it 's still a likable , if unremarkable , entertainment , a pleasant echo of past delights .
I sat through two hours of Crystal Skull and when it was over , my jaw was aching , because I had n't stopped grinning like a little kid the whole time . I love this movie . I love it .
I 'm happy to admit I 'm up in the air and ready to go back for more .
Nobody can orchestrate this robust silliness better than Steven Spielberg , who brings effortless visual panache to the proceedings , even when he ca n't entirely hide its mercenary nature .
It 's not bad , exactly . It 's not a desecration of the franchise . It 's just ... tired .
Once again , the Indiana Jones series is the rare franchise that treasures knowledge and embraces the unknown .
Nearly two decades after the last appearance , Indiana Jones is back , along with its diminishing returns and its aging principals and their trademark tools .
Ultimately , The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is instant artifact . It 's a vessel with a great deal of pictorial images on its surface . But its contents are long gone .
The good news is that Harrison has aged gracefully and is up to the challenge of his physically-demanding role .
The character and plot contrivances are dumber than ever , but this is basically vaudeville , not narrative , and the thrills keep coming .
It 's romantic manliness at its purest , almost but not quite schmaltz , ideally calculated to please true believers and ironic snorters at once .
Self-aware in the best possible way , Kingdom of the Crystal Skull cultivates a collective sense of nostalgia that carries it past mumbo-jumbo story developments and action scenes that could have used less CGI .
I like things with moving parts . There are plenty of ancient temples with moving contraptions in this one .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is probably the worst of the Indiana Jones movies , but it 's still pretty much a delight , from the beginning almost until the end .
We 're also -LRB- relievedly -RRB- a long way away here from the strenuous self-importance of the Bruckheimer-era blockbuster , and one should never look even such modest gift horses in the mouth .
This time , as Spielberg dips into other parts of his canon , the supernatural answer falls maddeningly short of the divine .
Spielberg and Lucas give fans exactly what they 'd given them before and this time it 's jumbo size .
... exactly what you expect from a summer blockbuster : a thrilling amusement park ride .
With moviegoers facing a grim season of pallid CGI battle-toons ... even the problematic adventures of one Indiana Jones can feel like a rich banquet in comparison .
Impresses with its ability to revive our fondness for this hero and his improvised way of handling all the dangers , challenges , and surprises that come his way .
You could smack ` I want to believe ' on the poster and it would sum up the theme nicely . Unfortunately , this is just an OK film with a few standout scenes and a terrific ending . It 's not an instant classic by any stretch .
Fourth Indy is n't perfect , but it 's fun for series fans .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is clearly a movie geared toward anyone under the age of 30 who memorized every moment of their Raiders VHS .
Indiana Jones offers solid summer entertainment , but where 's the laughter , romance and soul that made the original trilogy so memorable ?
Is n't a perfect film , but it 's far more satisfying as a whole than the sum of it 's parts .
Do n't listen to the haters , INDIANA JONES AND THE KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL is a blast from the past filled with non-stop action , wonderful references to the first three films and an over-the-top plot device that 's ridiculously fun .
It 's as good as it needs to be to justify its place in the Indiana Jones canon , and that should be enough .
Can all be summed up with the thought the film could have been much better , but it could have been much worse .
The film 's pace is n't quite enough to get our hearts racing , but it 's still great fun .
It feels as lively and buoyant , as effortlessly entertaining , as you could realistically want in an Indiana Jones flick .
Deft , clever and fast-paced ; it hits all the nostalgic touchstones and introduces memorable , worthwhile new players .
Much of it is exciting ; the action sequences , the fights , the stunts are rousing , but they also seem familiar and a bit routine .
What a relief that Crystal Skull turns out to be a serviceable little nostalgia piece . I 'm not sure there 's any compelling reason for it to exist , but it 's a fun night out at the movies . No more than that -- and certainly no less .
What was I worried about ? Steven Spielberg and his crew have n't missed a beat .
A wild summer ride you 'll want to take again and again .
Let 's get the thumb-orientation , star-quantity business out of the way first : thumbs up firmly but unenthusiastically ; two and a half stars out of four . That is to say ... pretty good .
Breathless , popcorn-munching adventure flick perfection .
Crystal Skull is the worst in the series with some really bad twists and dull moments , but the action scenes alone save the film and warrants at least one viewing .
Ford is vitally and vibrantly present every moment on screen .
To counteract its shortcomings , what has the film got ? It 's got Indiana Freaking Jones , that 's what .
The scenery is beautiful , the special effects look wonderfully expensive , and the quips are vintage Harrison Ford .
At his best , Spielberg is certainly capable of tapping , to almost unnerving degree , collective moods and fears and longings , both emotional and cultural .
The magic is back ! ... Director Steven Spielberg knows how to dazzle us , and he certainly does it here .
That same smile you had as a wide-eyed ten-year-old will be duplicated as you watch this joyous cinematic exercise that cynics may believe is outdated and stale .
I guess the best recommendation I can ultimately offer is this : As I write this review two days after the screening , I 'm still humming the theme song .
I want a sequel , and i do n't want to wait for it , for 19 years .
Both the good and bad remind us that the most special thing about Skull is the man wearing the fedora and the rakish grin . He has never worn out his welcome , and this valedictory -- it can be nothing else -- is a fitting one .
The action sequences are staged and edited sloppily , a far cry from the death-defying stuntman extravaganzas of yore .
Grab your popcorn and cue the theme music , this is gon na be a fun ride .
When Kingdom rears back and delivers the goods , the result will reduce the average Indy fan to pudding . The film should offer a new pair of pants with every ticket .
There 's plenty of frantic energy in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , lots of noise and money too , but what 's absent is any sense of rediscovery .
Crystal Skull is hit-and-miss like the clunky 1984 sequel , Temple of Doom . And instead of the elegiac tone that lifted 1989 's presumptive valedictory , The Last Crusade , director Steven Spielberg and producer George Lucas have gotten sillier .
Ford simply is Indiana Jones , and as this movie proves , he always will be .
I loved every ridiculous minute of this movie .
Spielberg proves once again that no one can direct an old-fashioned rollicking ride like he can .
It is the summer blockbuster 's mother ship , built for speed but riding on fumes .
Is the whole thing preposterous ? Yes . Is it a bit familiar and predictable ? Possibly . Is it corny ? OK , yes , a little bit . But again , it 's fun and does n't require too much thought .
An entertaining and inventive ride tailor-made for the summer movie season .
Offering fun , excitement , familiar things , new elements and roller coaster-ride adventure , The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is all it promises to be .
Even after so much time away , this new film is easily the equivalent of its predecessors and perhaps the second best of the series . I loved watching it , and I ca n't wait to see it again .
As a continuation of a series that 's captured the hearts of two generations over the last twenty-five odd years , it rocks .
Despite its many flaws , Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is an enjoyable romp that does no harm to the character 's legacy .
-LSB- George Lucas -RSB- and Steven Spielberg have earned back a lot of goodwill with this one . It 's the only Spielberg movie in over a decade that actually ends when it 's supposed to .
This is Spielberg at his most pop and most amazing : turning the shiny American quotidian into an authentically numinous and strange experience .
It 's as contrived and convoluted as all the other Indiana Jones movies , but not as much fun .
You definitely get your money 's worth .
... Crystal Skull is a fine , rollicking , lightning-paced return to form for all involved ...
Sitting through Steven Spielberg 's slog down memory lane means waiting for surprise , waiting for delight , waiting for daylight after turgid trudges through Peruvian caves , and waiting for an abstract story to coalesce .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull may be the slightest , least memorable entry in the franchise , but it 's a franchise with a rather high bar , and the film 's plentiful flaws do not overwhelm its pleasures .
The fourth chapter of the Indiana Jones chronicles feels repetitive and a little gassed , but it has too much bravura filmmaking , and just enough wit , to not recommend .
Satisfying if not fully electrifying , Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull offers fans all the familiar elements : bullwhip , fedora , ancient texts , hidden clues , obscure maps and cliffhanging moment atop cliffhanging moment .
As with any class reunion , the pleasure of this Indiana Jones entry is n't so much what happens , as who you 're with .
Great to have Indy back . Wish he had more interesting stuff to do .
Ford , like Spielberg , is completely in his comfort zone here . That means no risks , but in the case of The Crystal Skull , that kind of safety can still yield plenty of old-fashioned fun .
The movie 's pretty good , occasionally very good . But I also kind of hope they do n't make another one .
In the end , though , Crystal Skull feels too much like a retrospective .
While the production values are top-notch , and the action artfully choreographed , in the end -- and quite well before the end -- a sense of tedium sets in .
It 's crammed full of the dash , filmmaking flair , swashbuckling magic , impossible stunts and tongue-in-cheek humor that made the series such a phenomenon of its time .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- the most ridiculously cartoonish of the four flicks -- but Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is still a lot of fun anyway .
The film , which is set in the late '50s , is bathed in a golden glow that instantly transports us to another era , an era when the movies thrilled us with the daring exploits of human beings , not binary codes .
The worst that can be said of Crystal Skull is that it wo n't be inspiring any youthful vine-swinging . A shame , really .
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is as joyless as its predecessors were blissful .
The overall effect is either exhilarating or exhausting , depending on your emotional investment in the franchise , but credit where credit is due : Steven Spielberg and George Lucas set out to make one for the fans and delivered .
Better than Temple of Doom , but not as good as Raiders or Last Crusade ...
The swashbuckling swings from the rafters , mad races in dueling jeeps , etc. are , to get right to the point , old fedora .
take this nostalgic `` pathway to another dimension '' , and for two hours your mind , like Oxley 's , will be blissfully empty .
Spielberg proves he still knows how to generate high-style thrills , and Ford affirms that he can yet deliver both a punch and a wry punchline .
Affectionately aimed at both the AARP crowd and those who grew up with Indy . Temper comparisons to the trilogy and take it on its own terms as a fun ride with a rejuvenated Harrison Ford and enough great action to trump a blah finale .
Delivers more or less what one would expect : a reunion with a few old friends amid disposable popcorn entertainment ... Enjoy it for what it is , but do n't hope for more .
When Spielberg makes an Indiana Jones movie , you can tell he still loves it . I guess I do , too . For the most part , anyway .
Experiência similar a um reencontro com um velho amigo : inicialmente , o prazer da reunião é contagiante , mas , depois de duas horas , percebemos que não há razão para mantermos a velha amizade viva no presente .
Dispelling all fears about age and ability , Harrison Ford puts on that legendary fedora and becomes Indiana Jones again , exactly as we remember him .
The first half of Kingdom of the Crystal Skull absolutely captures the tone and spirit of Raiders and Last Crusade .
After the debacles that were the three Star Wars prequels , George Lucas finally finds a return to form with Crystal Skull .
In a summertime sea of superheroes , Indy emerges once again the coolest crusader of them all .
Not the Greatest Movie Ever , but exactly what it should be : a solid , thrill-packed , immensely entertaining chapter in one of the most enjoyable adventure series in movie history .
Despite all the spit and polish , there 's a slightly stale , musty feel to the movie , as though Spielberg were painting by numbers .
In other words , as the advertisements once said if adventure has a name , then it still - happily , thankfully , rapturously - must be Indiana Jones .
Although the title is imposingly big , producer George Lucas and director Steven Spielberg 's first installment in the adventure saga since 1989 's The Last Crusade is , in many respects , disappointingly diminutive .
Spielberg and his team simply know how to do this kind of thing better than most of the filmmakers inspired by them who are trying to do it today .
It 's not that Crystal Skull does n't deliver the laughs and the thrills ; it 's just that they all feel incredibly calculated , and it 's quite possible that you wo n't remember them after a day or two .
True fans looking for nothing more than a piece of old-fashioned entertainment will be glad to see the man with the hat once again .
Indiana Jones & The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is , in spite of claims otherwise made , a CG version of an Indiana Jones movie ... for better or for worse .
To expect ANY movie to live up to the Raiders standard is simply unfair , but Crystal Skull fits very excellently next to both Temple of Doom and Last Crusade .
Spielberg is an efficient , consummately competent director , and the action sequences deliver exactly what 's promised , if nothing more .
Do n't let the fluff fool you , it may be strictly for fun , but it 's done with wit , charm , and enough wry irascibility to make it a two-hour thrill-ride that never lets up and never lets its audience down
In Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull , a daring team of professionals risks everything to unearth a valuable artifact . No , not a quartz cranium . The Indiana Jones series . And the great good news is that they succeed , marvelously .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is entertaining , inventive and old-fashioned in the best way .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull plays heavily on the fondness of the audience for the first three films . Without that , it 's basically a better-made version of the National Treasure series .
Indy 's back in an awesome , thrill-filled roller-coaster ride that you do n't ever want to stop . It 's far-fetched , fast-paced fun .
Spielberg has n't gained more skills as a director , and series creator George Lucas is a shell of the writer he once was , but Kingdom is still an old-fashioned , two-fisted romp through archaeology , the Cold War , pseudo-science and film history .
Indy IV may not entirely be the grand return that everyone had hoped for , but it 's still great to see a good old friend come around again .
Everyone joking about Harrison Ford 's advanced age seems to be forgetting one thing ...
This is a movie you will want to revisit again and again .
On a satisfaction scale , it lands squarely between The Temple of Doom , and The Last Crusade .
It 's admittedly a pleasure to see Harrison Ford back in the role . Once you get past the initial reintroduction , though , it 's obvious that this fourth film in the Indy series really has no idea where to go .
A slick , fun film that has by no means sacrificed the fast action beats of the first three .
Two hours of solid and occasionally spectacular entertainment that does n't trash any fondly-held childhood memories along the way .
To all of the wannabes , imposters and posers out there - it 's time to go back to school and learn how a real adventure picture is made .
Harrison Ford 's age was anticipated to be the weak point here but he 's more than up to bringing back an older but still spry and wry Indy ...
More magical than Narnia and more fun than Iron Man .
While it definitely had its moments and plenty of nods to the fans , there was also more ridiculousness than we 've ever seen in an Indiana Jones film .
A movie for the fans . Not necessarily the younger fans that grew to love the series on video , but those who remember Indy cracking his whip on the big screen .
In spite of an over reliance on CG , and one too many obvious moments of George Lucas-involved tomfoolery , this is a great piece of studio-produced escapist entertainment
When Indy swings a punch or delivers a biting retort , audiences sit up and listen with looks of adoration and reverence . It 's all one big spectacle , after all - so why begrudge the old guy one last adventure ?
Filled with many hairy escapes -LRB- and a few miraculous ones -RRB- , Indiana Jones ' fourth adventure is as rip roaring as we would expect , dotted with little jokey bits and a dash of Close Encounters of the Third Kind kind of thing .
At its best , sublime . Overall , the great moments make up for the mediocre .
If you want to get prepared for this one , do n't go back and watch the other Indy movies . Pull out The Lost World instead . Both films are directed by the same Steven Spielberg - bored , only mildly engaged and seemingly going through the motions .
It 's not the years nor the mileage that has made this film a disappointment . It 's the fact that by stepping into the digital era Indiana Jones has lost his magic .
There is a real delight in the art of action cinema at work here , and the enormous satisfaction of being in a darkened room with someone you know can really kick butt .
While there 's fun to be had at this new film , there were moments when I thought , like some of Indy 's archaeological finds , it probably should have remained as a museum piece .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ca n't be seen as anything other than a very minor chapter in the adventures of one of cinema 's most beloved action heroes and a disappointment for those who have waited patiently for his return .
All the necessary ingredients are here : ancient riddles , rumbling stone technology , a precious artifact with supernatural powers . And Harrison Ford , as Indiana Jones , still looks dashing in a leather bomber jacket or professorial tweed .
Set this alongside gun-wielding military bad guys and the expected conspiracy plots and the film looks set to fit easily alongside the other Indy films .
Fans will find themselves more likely to re-watch Temple of Doom than to revisit this entertaining , yet past its prime Indy entry .
The first new chapter in the Indiana Jones saga for 20 years starts with a bang before the director Steven Spielberg 's penchant for schmaltz and the supernatural leaves a permanent scar on the franchise .
Its not Ocean 's 12 or 13 ! You 'll love it . And Ford keeps his shirt on .
I can say that if you liked the other Indiana Jones movies , you will like this one , and that if you did not , there is no talking to you .
Lucas adopted a new mantra : ` It 's only a movie , it 's only a movie , it 's only a movie . ' And he 's right . It 'll certainly do for a Friday night . But to ... fans , the 1980s films are more than movies .
A triumphant return to form .
Seeing this latest installment is like meeting a long lost friend and discovering that they have n't lost any of their charm . Spielberg , Lucas and Ford have managed to recapture the magic and brought adventure back to the movies .
The role belongs to Ford , and he is his usual sly self , with dry comic delivery and intrepid air , which was always more important than death-defying acrobatics .
Awesome production design and death-defying stunts mask the movie 's flaws : uninvolving relationships and narrative hodge-podge .
Even with the ponderous dialogue , there is considerable fun , and it 's good to see that Indy , though slightly weary , still has the goods .
Even in its inflated and creaky fourth incarnation , the Indy series retains a certain unassuming quality , at least compared to Hollywood 's recent monstrous productions .
A rollicking class reunion that stands as the second best entry in the venerable series .
It is a load of old nonsense , of course , but the journey is worth the price of admission .
The world can rest easy -- the old magic still works in Indiana Jones And The Kingdom Of The Crystal Skull .
The good news for Ford fans is that Indy may be older and greyer , but there 's still a spark to his repartee .
This film feels like work , whether it 's poor Harrison Ford straining to keep pace with his younger self or Spielberg and writer David Koepp piling on the thrill-ride acrobatics that have only scant connection to the plot .
Spielberg clearly got enormous pleasure employing a lifetime 's worth of skill and turning out wave after wave of smartly done stunts and effects set pieces .
A lot of the picture veers uneasily between solemnity and slapstick and 47 different genres .
The magic is still there , only you have to work a little harder to make yourself believe this time .
So was it worth the wait ? ... Absolutely .
At its best , it 's a satisfying shuffle of the deck of famous Spielbergian moments that have gone before .
Once it gets going , Crystal Skull delivers smart , robust , familiar entertainment .
Between a series of stunt-driven set-pieces , implausibly linked , the film gets bogged down in wearying talk .
Welcome back Indy . Lord knows we 've missed you .
Despite the genuine excitement , and one blinding flash of the old genius , this new Indy film looks like it 's going through the motions .
Director Steven Spielberg and star Harrison Ford have no trouble getting back into the groove with a story and style very much in keeping with what has made the series so perennially popular .
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull feels simultaneously self-conscious and self-satisfied , as if a little warm glow of past glory will soothe our bumps and blows from the clumsiness of the script .
The eagerly awaited fourth chapter is not a great film by any standard , but mixing conventions of all 1950s genres -LRB- sci-fi , adventure , and even horror and spy -RRB- , it delivers the goods to the fans in a mass spectacle package that 's good old-fashioned fun .





@highlight

Though the plot elements are certainly familiar , Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull still delivers the thrills and Harrison Ford 's return in the title role is more than welcome .