While visual anarchy can be starling and bracing in chunks , Domino quickly settles into a one-tone-fits-all groove that 's desperately wearying .
Scott never takes his finger off the remix button , meaning scenes play out in microflashes and dialogue is chopped and scratched like a beatmixing jock cutting loose on his first day at DJ school .
Despite a great deal of promise and a rousing -LRB- albeit too drawn out -RRB- finale , it is crippled by a lack of narrative focus and good characterization . But it could have been so much more , and that is truly the worst thing that could be said about it .
Kelly writes an often taut and fascinating look at bounty hunters gives us some truly likable characters I often found myself rooting for .
... a tribute to Domino Harvey that reduces her to a nerve-jangling , romanticized song lyric .
Domino is one insane gibbering beast , leagues more idiosyncratic than the average action flick .
a twisted head spinner of a biopic , where myth is always racing hot on the heels of a fugitive reality .
A well-paced action movie , if a little long , with an unusual feeling of surrealism behind the action .
full review in Greek
No doubt an interesting story could be told about her life , but this standard-issue assault on the senses is n't it .
Sometimes sound and fury can be quite something in its own right -- and for a true character -LRB- in every sense -RRB- like Domino , it 's enough .
All-sizzle , no-substance .
Os personagens são interessantes , o filme tem energia , mas o roteiro se perde a partir da metade da trama e os habituais excessos estilíticos de Scott mantém o espectador à distância .
This is a ridiculous movie . But is it fun-ridiculous , like Scarface ? Might it go on to become a cult item ? I suspect not .
Domino looks like what an Avid might vomit up after partially digesting the digitized footage . It 's flashy as hell , but the amphetamine-fueled method is compensating for a distinct lack of substance .
When a film is more conducive to a scholarly dissection than a consumerist examination , the film is incredibly clever , pragmatic , or pretentious . In the case of Domino , it 's all of the above .
With lashings of style and substance to match , Domino fascinates as a story of rebellion
Ugly , in every sense of the word .
A bit of a mess , but it 's one hell of an entertaining mess .
It 's an ambitious but emotionally vacuous exercise in style over substance .
Even when your mind is saying ` Wait a minute , ' your pulse is revving up , reacting to Scott 's edgy , visceral energy .
When studio heads caught wind of an ex-model who became an actual female bounty hunter , green lights must have gone off like paparazzi flashes .
The longer Domino lasts the more annoying it becomes , everything coming to a head in a fetishistic orgy of bloody babes and bullets that 's sure to go down as a Maxim reader 's wet dream .
Only my personal vow never to walk out of a movie kept me in the theater until the end credits .
It 's stupid American big-budget filmmaking at its most endearingly idiotic .
The film story becomes captive to its own hyperkineticism .
We know she 's got a bad attitude and mad combat skills , but where did she get them ?
Production is slick , along the lines of a good music video , but this is not what I look for in a good movie .
A fast , furious and empty-headed assault on American trash culture .
Aggressively antisocial and brutally funny , this is Scott 's masterpiece , at least to date , a wild film that is , in fact , assured and tightly controlled .
If this movie were even half as hip as it thinks , it 'd die from an overdose of coolness .
It works better as a music video than a film . Pass the aspirin .
`` Domino '' is the latest in the `` what were they thinking ? '' category of movies that should have been documentaries .
Scott is a sensationalist , and his film is a music video for the rat-tat-tat percussion of automatic weapons firing and the timpani of massive explosions .
A snarling , schizophrenic catastrophe of a film
Scott 's latest feat of mind-numbing visual overkill .
An exhausting , indecipherable mess .
This is perhaps the most stylized , excessively garish piece of R-rated pop entertainment since Natural Born Killers , and you know what , I loved it .
The insufferable Domino severely suffers from a Vitamin `` B '' complex deficiency : blustery , banal , brainless and belaboring .
Domino Proves Tony Scott is Still a Racist and Richard Kelly is NOT Tarantion .
It 's almost as if the power went out and Domino was filmed on back-up generator power complete with blackouts and power surges .
The first part of the film holds your attention even if it is too tricked up . But the longer the film rolls , the less interested the audience becomes .
Hot , steamy , full-blown nihilistic filmmaking . A template for erotic violence .
Clarity is not one of the film 's strong points .
does have its moments but it makes its audience work too hard to find them ... It is a violent , often funny cartoon , but Domino 's story still has not been told
Anything good about this movie is drowned in the sea of overkill by director Tony Scott .
-LSB- Scott -RSB- directs this ` sort of true ' crime story about English schoolgirl-turned-bounty hunter Domino Harvey like a rabid dog with a rag doll in its gnashers .
This was made for the MTV generation , whatever that is , and has the look of one of those videos they do n't really show anymore .
In short , Domino suffers from overdirection and a casting gamble that does n't pay off but it 's worth seeing for its sheer horrendousness .
It 's Scott 's lack of restraint and Kelly 's lack of focus that keep Domino from fulfilling its initial potential .
I do n't know what they think is the effect of hearing lines repeated immediately . I do n't know what they think is the effect of hearing lines repeated immediately .
Imagine Mallory Knox as her own reality tv show star , less inclined to take up with the absolutely wrong man , and able to handle her mascara like a pro .
I find it hard to believe that Domino would peel off her clothes and do a lap dance for a bunch of East L.A. gang bangers to diffuse a tense situation . But what do I know ?
It 's like a ferret on crystal meth that belatedly discovers ecstasy , and it 's a tiresome trip either way .
Domino is far from dull . But it does n't convince .
It 'll either fire every last synapse in your brain or have you fleeing in agony .
Buried deep within the psychedelic sludge that is Domino , there may be a story about a model turned bounty hunter . Good luck trying to find it .
A messy , fictionalized saga of femme-fatale bounty-hunter Domino Harvey .
If for some reason you 're curious about the sad life of model-turned - bounty hunter Domino Harvey , do n't bother with Tony Scott 's dismal Domino .
This is a classically bad movie , much worse than the one almost everyone excoriated in 2003 , Gigli .
Domino director Tony Scott tints his film green , edits at hyperspeed and layers image upon image until it resembles Natural Born Killers on too many Red Bulls .
Domino is the latest Tony Scott enterprise to blast us away with pizazz but leave us with an empty feeling .
Domino is a convoluted and hyper-stylized bore , a frenetic pastiche of black comedy , bullet-strewn violence , and pulp fantasy . In short , a typical Tony Scott -LRB- Man on Fire -RRB- film .
Domino is less a movie than a hyperkinetic slide show -- presented during a nuclear attack .
Domino is big mess of a movie that never gets past its studio pitch line : chick bounty hunter .
It 's a goofy and bloody and assaultive all-star extravaganza and an absurd burlesque of the life of movie-star daughter/model-turned-bounty hunter Domino Harvey .
What 's good for ` Domino ' is n't necessarily what happened to Domino Harvey ...
In small doses , this looks kind of cool . For two hours , it 's excruciating .
It 's sad to say that an arbitrary appearance by Jerry Springer is the picture 's closest brush with inspiration .
Domino is amusingly decadent for a while but eventually wears you out . Two eyeballs are not enough to see it with .
The picture is an exercise in exploitation joi de vivre , and your enjoyment of it will depend on your tolerance for shameless , reckless , unredemptive violence with relatively little artistic or spiritual value .
When a woman complains that her boss has ` the attention span of a ferret on crystal meth , ' she could be talking about Tony Scott or stating Scott 's opinion of his audience .
It airbrushes and glorifies the short , angry life of its subject in ways that are practically indecent .
Domino will try your patience and give you a throbbing headache -- about all it does with any success .
Domino is far from good , but it 's mildly entertaining if you lower your standards appropriately .
Give it up to director Tony Scott and screenwriter Richard Kelly -- Domino , a nonstop assault of cognitive dissonance , is an apt , if daft tribute to a life utterly misled .
Do not see Domino if you are prone to motion sickness .
The problem with Scott 's film and Keira Knightley 's performance as the bounty hunter is its bored delirium , a daze of scattershot ennui that prioritizes hipster carnage and flashy cuts over intelligible storytelling .
Scott means for his entertainment package to be hip , hysterical fun . But his stylistic embellishments and indiscriminate appetite for sensation crowds his title character right out of the film .
Domino , director Tony Scott 's hyperactive , roll-in-the-mud , blow-stuff-up and jiggle the cameras every which way extravaganza , is one of the most awesomely awful films ever made .
If you are capable of sifting through this cut-up collage of freeze-frames , flashbacks , slo-mo shootouts , druggy smutty vignettes and scruffy scenarios , you could find a few morsels of exhilaration .
Tony Scott goes so over the top with attention-deficit quirks -- quick-cut scene editing , shaky-cam photography , washed-out color schemes , blaring soundtrack music -- that his films have become a chore to watch .
The movie has roughly the same effect on the nervous system as listening to a box of marbles being dumped onto a linoleum floor .
-LSB- Director Tony Scott 's -RSB- pornographic lust for bloodletting , gunplay , and out-of-control camerawork far exceeds his abilities to tell a story .
Domino is definitely muddled and too hip for its own good . But the true story behind Domino Harvey 's life is a fascinating character study nonetheless .
The film itself is cut like a trailer . It works for two minutes , but watching this kind of presentation for more than an hour can put you into an epileptic fit .
It never stops jerking and twitching , as if the film stock were developed in an emulsion of Red Bull .
This is more than a movie for the MTV generation - it 's a two-hour seizure .
Domino is more an extended stunt than a story about a human being .
Scott 's exasperating all flash , no substance approach to storytelling is exactly why his latest film ... works as little as it does .
Domino is a sensory thrill ride , but in the final analysis a mighty hollow one .
For masochists who always wondered what Sgt. Hartman 's threat to `` gouge out your eyeballs and skull - **** you '' in Full Metal Jacket might have felt like .
It 's a train wreck . It 's a mess of frenetic editing topped off by an over-the-top ending in which you expect Die Hard 's John McClane to make a cameo . But I loved it .
Mysterious daddy issues , a color scheme that washes everything in fluorescent urine and lime-green Jello , and ... editing so jittery it 'll send you into rapid eye movement .
Hugely entertaining and entirely self-serving , `` Domino '' is likely to be raped by the critics , and then loved by its audiences .
DOMINO is a baffling mess , a movie that means to thrill but which ends up as one of the most depressing , empty exercises of the year .
Domino is like a rough draft for a movie .
It 's like someone smashed open a piñata full of film-school devices and Tony Scott grabbed them all . Oliver Stone , on his best day , could n't make a movie this incoherent .
Even if there 's nothing else to process , at least there 's always something to see .
How else could a nightmare of sight and sound like Domino be explained ? Tony Scott has lost his storytelling abilities , and now he wants to punish us all .
A whole lotta sound and fury signifying not only nothing ... but a very raucous , insistent , and gratingly redundant nothing .
As an action film , it 's the most incompetent piece of work on Scott 's resume . As a satire on fiction intruding on the reality we view , it 's barely a Surreal Life spinoff .
Domino is a horrid piece of junk .
All style and attitude but no energy or flair .
annoys , disappoints , and reminds the viewer of far better films
The movie plays like the work of a self-impressed film student . It 's ripe with strident stylistic flourishes , harsh atmospheric cinematography and superficial roles that allow cast members to scream their heads off . Either that , or get them blown off .
You ca n't accuse this film of bogging down in cheap psychology , yet you come out dissatisfied and without a clue about what made this person tick .
So staggeringly awful -- such an ordeal to sit through -- that it 's hard to know where to start talking about it .
A fantasy based ever so loosely on the real-life character of the late Domino Harvey , Domino is so over-plotted that it 's borderline incomprehensible .
Manages the feat of literally spelling things out and being utterly incoherent .
The only defense for Domino , the first-ever movie in a blender , is that director Tony Scott is pioneering a new form of cinema , in which the audience can never focus on a single object for more than a half second .
Here is a movie so bad it 's ... no , actually it 's still bad .
We sincerely hope Ms. Harvey 's life was n't as messy as this film .
It 's a movie that all but forces its bulky , twitching mass down your throat , setting off a barrage of flashing lights , jump cuts , flickering images of tawdry behavior and graphic violence .
Tony Scott 's tongue-in-check interpolation of the life and times of a privileged brat turned bounty hunter has no social value outside of a feverish will to entertain .
I 'm sure the story of bounty-hunter Domino Harvey would make for compelling cinema if only Tony Scott had decided to film it without the masturbatory excesses that are evident in Domino .
We first see L.A. bounty hunter Domino Harvey -LRB- Keira Knightley -RRB- leading the charge in a shoot - 'em - up assault that will have you clutching your ears and shielding your eyes . Do n't worry -- you 're not missing much .
An overblown , frantic , giddily exciting , eye-popping exercise in visual artistry over internal three-dimensionality .
-LSB- Director Tony -RSB- Scott and screenwriter Richard Kelly turn Domino 's life upside down , mixing tiny parts fact with heaping , heaving sums of fiction . But with a real-life story like Domino 's , why all the fantasy ?
Did I admire Domino ? In a sneaky way , yes . It 's fractured and maddening , but it 's alive .
Domino , based on the real-life story of model-turned-bounty hunter Domino Harvey , appears to have been directed by Oliver Stone on crystal meth .
If it were a song , Domino would be a track from Poison remixed by a guy who is simultaneously snorting coke and jackhammering a sidewalk .
Not since 1993 's Coneheads have I hated every moronic minute of a film , but Domino has put a stop to that drought .
Untrue romance .
As entertainment , Domino works , in much the same way every other Tony Scott film does . But as something more , which it aspires to be , it falls short .
The idea of the sprightly actress playing a kick-ass bounty hunter is certainly tantalizing ; yet , sadly , the role of Domino Harvey provides little for Knightley to do but smoke cigarettes and snarl vacantly in between shootouts .
Could have ... no , should have been a hyper-exciting blend of violence , drama , sex , and celebrity craziness . Instead , though , it 's just hyper .
Think of Domino not so much as an overwrought adventure movie starring Keira Knightley as a bounty hunter , and more like one of those big domino-toppling displays that David Letterman sometimes puts on his show .
A damaging cinematic concussion that 's visually and mentally exhausting - borderline punishing - for no reason . It advertises ambition and peddles confusion and incoherence .
Only afterward , as you amble out of the theater in a dizzy whir do you start to realize you have n't been entertained but assaulted .
With Domino , Tony Scott continues in his quest to make films expressly for the hard of hearing , the visually impaired and people on amphetamines , who find that all other movies move too darn slow .
Not a lot of movies can ruin a Tom Waits cameo . Domino is like staring into a strobe light , only louder .
It looks as though the camera 's come loose of its crane and whipped around on cables like a firehose for a few hours .
Worse than the violence and the language is the cinematography ... quick cuts and super close-ups and cameras circling subjects as they speak . It 's downright annoying .
It 's the tale of a real person in only the most abstract , opportunistic way , since what Scott has done is to pin the scandal label of ` true story ' onto his most fractiously vapid action film since Beverly Hills Cop II .
A completely incoherent mess , told exclusively in two-second segments .
A raucous mess , constructed and edited with such crazed intricacy and shot with such extravagant flamboyance that it 's actually physically painful to look at after awhile .
I 'm not exactly sure what kind of intoxicants director Tony Scott is trippin ' on these days , but ...
Keira Knightley just is n't that hot . Or cool . She 's ... lukewarm . Like the movie .
Abusively moronic enough to inspire something like pity .
Domino is a steaming pile of green-tinted celluloid .
A noisy , ugly , chaotic mess ... One of the worst movies of 2005 , and the worst film of Tony Scott 's career , so far .
She deserved better .
It 's a mainstream movie stylized to the point where it 's no longer mainstream . That 's part of its non-conformist kick .
It 's easy but unfair to dismiss it completely -- despite excess and flaws , this uniquely American satire is in moments darker , sharper , more inventive than Natural Born Killers
Crass yet colorful exploitation of the sad , strange life of an English beauty-turned-bounty hunter .
A hopeless mess of never ending exposition and random , completely unrelated side trips into useless minutia .
A challenging , complicated and hilarious heist thriller









@highlight

The life story of model-turned - bounty-hunter Domino Harvey struggles to get out of this overwrought and excessive biopic .