A moving examination of the fight for gay rights in Uganda .
Call Me Kuchu leaves you flabbergasted by its portrait of the persecution of gay men and lesbians in Uganda .
It 's a lesson in courage , in being determined to enjoy one 's life even as the authorities threaten to take it away .
-LSB- A -RSB- portrait of a courageous LGBT community partying , organizing , laughing and weeping as it fights for its life .
The film focuses on a few activists trying to advance gay rights against the head winds of a brand of Christian religion that openly advocates killing homosexuals .
With this heartbreaking premise , directors Malika Zouhali-Worrall and Katherine Fairfax Wright directed Call Me Kuchu , a revealing documentary that takes a look at how a small group of people are working hard to take Uganda out of this dark ages .
The film is impassioned and powerful but not frenzied , riling the viewers ' emotions without giving in to them itself .
The result is an at times harrowing , heartbreaking and hopeful look at the best and worst humanity has to offer .
Stirring , heartbreaking and thoroughly infuriating ...
A compassionate , troubling , and ultimately hopeful story that is still unfolding .
Both Senyonjo and Kato light up the screen .
Eye-opening and enraging . Thanks to Call Me Kuchu , the legacy of David Kato , Uganda 's closest equivalent to Harvey Milk , will live on .
The efforts of its subjects are inspirational , and could prompt further worldwide attention and support for their cause .
This alternately harrowing and inspirational doc puts a human face on the fight for gay rights in Uganda .
Horrific and uplifting ...
Eye-opening and powerful . A must-see for GLBT Americans and all those concerned about international human rights .
A heartbreaking portrait , a brutal wake-up call and a testament to how the actions of a few brave souls can create change .
I 'll be surprised if any other movie this year affects me as much .
A scary but inspiring film with real heroes and villains .
The very best - and , alas , the very worst - of human nature is captured in this heartbreaking and inspiring documentary from Katherine Fairfax Wright and Malika Zouhali-Worrall .
Apart from its laudable goal of raising awareness , the film does n't have much to offer .
Simultaneously difficult to watch and a must-see .
Equally gut-wrenching and inspiring , the documentary Call Me Kuchu beams right from Uganda , the global hypocenter in the ongoing and intensifying struggle over LGBT rights .
It 's far too soon for a happy ending , but in praising Kato 's bravery , Call Me Kuchu at least points to the potential for one .
The film provides welcome context for the semi-hysteria that recently took over the U.S. media in regard to Uganda 's `` Kill the Gays '' bill .
It does the one thing that bigots and homophobes ca n't stand : it puts a human face on the targets of their unfounded , irrational hatred .
A heartfelt human rights gem that exposes anti-gay hatred in Uganda .
-LSB- An -RSB- eloquent , devastating documentary ...
While a local filmmaker 's perspective may have brought more dimensions , the coverage of events here is impressive and on the mark .
It 's a film about vibrant , intelligent people with a real love of life , at times imbued with a joy that , for those familiar with the tragedy it discloses near the end , is almost too much to bear .
Well made , vitally important documentary that is by turns shocking , rage-inducing and utterly devastating .
Such horror , such bravery .
There is eye-opening footage of American missionaries declaring Uganda Ground Zero in a biblical war and powerful personal stories of individuals facing violence , intimidation and hatred .
The palpable sense of loss and grief testify to how the film-makers have turned what could have been a detached news report into a moving human tragedy .
Call Me Kuchu , a documentary about homophobia in Uganda , lifts a rock in that country and discovers the insect life ruling it .
An essential film in the pursuit of civil liberty and the fight against fascism .
-LSB- A -RSB- shocking , moving , enthralling and enraging doc ...
A timely , gut-wrenching but ultimately hopeful work .
As angry and unflinching a piece of documentary filmmaking as you 'll see this year .
A lot of this documentary plays like a horror film . If anyone had any doubts as to the insidious nature of organised religion , this would be a good place to start .
It will be alarming to many to see how easily hatred is stirred up by local media , but also rewarding to see that Kato 's fight for his own human rights has been ably captured for posterity .
The documentary becomes something of a legal thriller as well as a crime story , with a denouement that is both shocking and inspiring : ` A luta continua ' -- the struggle continues .

@highlight

Alternately horrific and uplifting , Call Me Kuchu exposes heinous systematic brutality with a clear eye and admirable precision .