Tupac , you can sleep easy . Richard Pryor , watch out .
Sheridan 's surface vividness is applied around a vacuum
People behind the movie will no doubt get rich , but it 's a shame they did n't try harder to make a better picture .
50 Cent dies for our sins in disappointing screen debut .
... a distinctly tedious piece of work .
Marcus sells dope . Marcus buys a gun . Marcus buys a microphone . Marcus goes to prison . Marcus gets shot . Marcus makes a movie about his life that no one goes to see .
Embora limitado como ator , 50 Cent tem carisma para segurar o filme , que acaba falhando não em função do rapper , mas de seu roteiro convencional que soa como pálida imitação de 8 Mile .
A better film than `` 8 Mile '' . An impressive debut for the coin-coined music superstar .
Its real danger is that it sets a precedent for the director ; if the price is right he 's on board .
You feel this film straining to be another 8 Mile , even as it never gets into the head of its central character
If it 's a rap-related rags-to-riches flick you want , check out 8 Mile or Hustle & Flow , both of which are ten times better than this .
I do n't feel totally satisfied with the emotional payoff , perhaps because it 's so hard to associate with the characters , despite the fine performances . Fans , of course will love it .
Turns out Eminem is a better faux-gangsta than 50 Cent . Now run along and bust yo dope rhymes at a Bat Mitvah before heading back to your 18-bedroom mansion in Farmington , CT. . You 're so street , Curtis .
Curtis `` 50 Cent '' Jackson is utterly lacking in charisma ... His complete lack of presence is deadening to the film because he 's in almost every scene .
The film is a completely disheveled mess , limping from scene to scene with all the urgency of a snail taking his morning constitutional .
Here 's a guy that 's sold crack , cocaine , robbed , stolen , and murdered and made millions rapping about it . And this is supposed to be the hero ? Wait to rent it .
50 Cent digs deep . He just does n't get there enough to demand that we fully commit to this tale of a tight-lipped drug-dealer-turned-rapper .
A preposterous rags-to-riches story with a flat lead character that it 's determined to raise to the level of a deity .
It 's a quasi-authentic , simplistic , crime-and-rap story that become just romanticized , graphic gangsta violence .
... Too few answers as to how 50 Cent became who he is .
No matter how accurate its rap-gangland narrative , there 's little here that could n't have been imagined by a screenwriter from suburban Des Moines ...
The 50 Cent Fan Club will fill the seats hoping to get a glimpse into their hero , but Get Rich never offers any insights into what drives the man and his music .
Director -LSB- Jim Sheridan -RSB- was a good choice : he understands the story 's theme and he captures the gritty feel of -LSB- 50 's -RSB- world without ever falling into exploitation .
hindered by a lack of real depth ... but simply too compelling to dismiss
... a chaotic and seriously cliched rags-to-riches rap drama that feels more exploitative than it does explosively realized in its impulsive skin .
This would-be blaxploitation blockbuster is n't about redemption through artistic expression or pursuing positive means to escape the fools ' game ; Get Rich ai n't nuttin but bitches and money .
Instead of offering a compelling look at a star 's rise to the top against all odds , they offer only more of the same old tired crime clichés .
The usual hip-hop hypocrisies infest this semi-autobiographical tale of a dope dealer 's rise to rapping glory , which laments the sad brutality of life on the streets while glamorizing every minute of it .
Classy director Jim Sheridan steadily gets it all in and keeps it as real as the director of movies like My Left Foot can .
What this all adds up to is a film that is effective , but not particularly unique , and thus less provocative than it might seem .
Without his music , Jackson is left stranded , an artist out of water .
For a rapper who 's all about branding , 50 Cent should consider this : His excellent breakthrough record now shares a name with his middling movie .
Sheridan comes up with more than his share of superbly directed scenes , but the whole thing is a mixed bag .
Rent director John Singleton 's Boyz n the Hood and director Mario Van Peebles ' New Jack City instead . Both films address similar themes in a manner far more efficient and entertaining .
The movie debut of Curtis Jackson , better known ... as 50 Cent , has everything going for it except an original script and a charismatic star .
Jackson has the advantage of essentially playing himself , but he is consistently unable to rise to the challenge .
It exists only to support the already over-marketed and calculated `` legend '' that he was indeed shot nine times .
Successful rappers usually make poor actors .
The honesty and grit of this film make it worth the watch .
Surrounded by strong talent and the skillful director , 50 Cent shows a quiet charisma . He does n't embarrass himself .
50 Cent has some good moments , but other times he seems like little more than a blank slate .
Total propaganda ... It 's the male equivalent of the hooker with the heart of gold .
Not a totally terrible film , but there is nothing to really commend or recommend in it .
This thinly autobiographical gangsta odyssey never achieves liftoff , and Jackson is unconvincing .
Even more problematic is the script 's clumsy , sprawling architecture , Sheridan 's clubfooted sense of pacing and his grubby , indistinct visuals .
The story is hyped to be `` inspirational '' , but call me crazy ; I see nothing inspiring about Marcus 's life .
Here 's a street version of a rags-to-riches tale that is certain to appeal to all 50 Cent fans but will be all too familiar to other movie goers .
Surrounded by solid performers like Akinnuoye-Agbaje , Davis , Howard and Duke , 50 Cent does n't register . This is his life , but he 's not good enough to be the hero of it .
It 's a reasonably entertaining story , and would be better if it had a reasonably entertaining actor at its heart .
-LSB- A -RSB- major disappointment from director Jim Sheridan , who ... seems to have lost track in his first foray away from Irish-themed films ...
Thank goodness the movie , unlike its star , was only shot once .
This is n't Sheridan 's most complex or richest picture , but there 's lots of life to it : This is an unapologetically glossy pop product , powered by a strong , old-fashioned sense of B-movie melodrama .
If you insist on filming the same basic story for the third time in a row , you 'd better make it better . They did n't .
Director Jim Sheridan and screenwriter Terence Winter have difficulty fashioning these events into a story that has a coherent point or purpose .
The story and action are serviceable , but there 's very little spark in the wooden screen presence of the star and the dearth of subtext or style from the director .
Get Rich or Die Tryin ' is a disaster on all levels .
That Howard came off as a more convincing -- not to mention skilled -- rapper in Hustle & Flow than 50 Cent does here is among the biggest failings of Get Rich .
The film 's inability to resist the lure of maximum exploitation becomes frustrating .
The apparent turf war between director and screenwriter results in a compromised , confusing tale of a young man trying to mark his turf .
Do n't for a second think that we 're meeting the next great rap star to become a movie star .
The result is a drudge and a bore .
The film moves , albeit under an oppressive cloud of deja vu .
The improbable Jackson-Sheridan collaboration yields an immensely entertaining film .
The charismatic rapper is so utterly inexpressive as an actor that he 's constantly getting swallowed up in his own movie .
Jim Sheridan 's film , loosely based on the experiences of its star , the glowering rapper 50 Cent , lacks an emotional core .
The premise of Get Rich would be ridiculous if it were n't close to the truth and if the movie were n't refreshingly aware of its ridiculousness .
Howard is the movie 's sole saving grace , but his presence serves as a constant reminder that his similarly themed Hustle & Flow -LRB- 2005 -RRB- is a vastly better film .
Be warned , when a fedora-sporting Godfather starts wheezing out pearls about violence begetting violence , you may die tryin ' to stop laughin ' .
sells 50 short : His raps are heard only in stingy portions during most of the movie , and when , at last , he takes the stage ... he 's bumped off the screen by the end credits .
Shockingly inert .
50 ? Well , as an actor he 's a great rapper . His inexperience shows .
The rapper-turned-actor makes a credible acting debut in Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' with the help of veteran Irish filmmaker Jim Sheridan .
In reality , 50 Cent was n't nailed to the cross for our sins -- he was shot nine times for his . And he 's been getting extremely rich from glorifying those acts ever since .
For those who do n't take 50 Cent 's talent for granted going in , there 's nothing to indicate what 's so special about him , much less why he of all people deserves to have a movie made about his experiences .
At no time in his career has Sheridan -- his name is the first one on the screen after the title , in case one is uncertain who was in charge -- been quite this far up to his neck in blarney and sentimentality .
Sometimes -LSB- 50 Cent -RSB- could enunciate more clearly , but he does a great job of being a bad rapper early in Marcus ' career . And most musicians will say that performing badly on purpose is one of the most difficult things for them to do .
A gangsta rapper without fire in the belly is n't terribly interesting , cinematically or musically .
Mr. Sheridan understands the sudden , spasmodic nature of turf battles . Get Rich plays like a genre movie with a particularly skilled hand at the helm .
Get Rich or Die Tryin ' ca n't be accused of not trying , but neither is anybody apt to leave it feeling all that enriched .
Crippled by a trite story line and a serious lack of flash from rapper and first-time actor Curtis '50 Cent ' Jackson , Get Rich or Die Tryin ' pretty much dies trying .
Neither powerful nor interesting .
At least he makes his priorities clear ; it 's not called `` Make a Good Movie or Die Tryin ' . ''
The picture ca n't decide what it wants to be -- maybe a gangster flick , perhaps a musical biopic , or how about a real-life slice of mythic inspiration .
Get Rich seems stagy and phony . What a missed opportunity , because the rapper 's compelling story offers ample opportunity for drama .
A film with a rich and convincing texture , a drama with power and anger .
Sheridan 's ensemble ensures that Get Rich , the film , comes to life around the edges , if not at its center .
Most of the time , the movie plods along like a leg-weary heavyweight in the late rounds , keeping the rhythm of its star .
Before we enter the theater , we know he 's a millionaire winner starring in a movie about how he won . So it 's hard to believe him when he is n't smiling .
What we 're left with is a movie that , at times , barely seems to move -LRB- it feels like it lasts three hours -RRB- and a lead actor who does n't just look bored , but delivers so many of his lines like he 'd rather be anywhere else .
The urgency and intensity help offset the familiarity of the material .
... too unsophisticated for anyone who should be allowed to see it and too unrealistic for that audience to really believe in it .
I ca n't say whether 50 Cent can act , because it 's not required of him . He has plenty of charisma , and is a natural force in this environment .
I hate watching films that are kind of autobiographical , but not . The pacing is painfully slow , feels overly long and there 's almost no music in this !
50 Cent may strive to be fresh with his music , but this is just another doin ' the crime while workin ' the rhyme movie that only his fans will love .
Get Rich or Die Trying made me feel like an ambitious yet arthritic sheep - stuck firmly on the fence despite my best efforts to get off on either side .
Everybody loves Marcus -LRB- 50 Cent -RRB- , from relatives to homeboys to would-be killers .
Think of it as Mariah Carey 's Glitter , only with more murders .
Get Rich or Die Tryin ' will always be known as the 50 Cent movie . Not because of who stars in the film , but because that 's how much it 's worth .
On one hand you 've got Tupac Shakur , Will Smith , Ice Cube , Mark Wahlberg , Ice-T , LL Cool J , Sean Combs and Andre Benjamin . On the other you 've got 50 Cent . This kid stinks !
50 spends the film with one look on his face , and it 's the look that you imagine a caveman would have when confronted with a cellphone .
-LSB- Jackson -RSB- as an actor , the word that comes to mind is dull . Mind-numbingly dull . Mannequin dull .
50 Cent 's fanbase might love this valentine to the rapper 's ego no matter the quality , but other audiences might not be as forgiving with this half-realized urban fairy tale .
Good news for 50 Cent ! He does n't have to worry about finding a date and a tux for the Oscars , because he wo n't be invited . He 's playing himself , HOW HARD CAN THAT BE ?!?
A reiteration of the now-clichéd hip-hop rise-to-fame legend that duplicates the crime-to-rhyme formula of Hustle & Flow .
This movie may make a bunch of money , but it 's D.O.A.
Rambling , boring and full of bad messages for our youth .
A good introduction to the rapper and his music , but also an entertaining movie in its own right .
For all its biographical truth , Get Rich 's journey into a ghetto of hustlers , gangstas and mindless violence is all too familiar .
This is a very strong film .
Plays like a contrived cross between New Jack City and Hustle & Flow .
The tension between the macho and female ethos in the black ghetto slightly elevates this familiar , cliche-ridden , sanitized rap biopicture .










@highlight

While it may be based upon 50 Cent 's own life experiences , Get Rich Or Die Tryin ' is too similar to many other rags-to-riches stories to resonate .