There 's a feeling , thanks to the director 's consciously oblique angle of vision , both of turning over fading newspaper files for over-romantic press stories , and of watching something alive and immediate .
With the myth , one approaches some truth about America , and even if one never quite gets there , the effort is bracing .
I have some doubt that Bonnie and Clyde were quite the hallucinated children that Penn makes them , but in retrospective fiction they legitimately become so .
` Bonnie and Clyde ' moves between comedy and drama , making an energetic portrait of an America sunk in the depression , made in another vital period , in which the cinema changed to forced marches . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A hybrid , an ambivalence , an alternation of achievements and collapses , an attempt to have both ways something not clearly enough seen in either .
-LSB- A -RSB- film ... destined to be among the year 's most discussed , honored and profitable .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- a seamless balancing act . Equal parts true-crime exposé , dysfunctional love story , and Depression-era think piece , the picture underscores American police departments ' longstanding proclivity for short cuts to justice , i.e. murder .
After nearly a half century , the film 's influence is still overwhelming and obvious .
Bonnie and Clyde do n't really know that killing kills . The film does -- unlike the run of movies about violence now , which mostly know that killing sells .
Bonnie and Clyde is the most excitingly American American movie since The Manchurian Candidate . The audience is alive to it .
Goes overboard in its homage to a vicious team of bank robbers and killers .
Considered New Hollywood 's moment of arrival , tipping square critic Bosley Crowther into retirement -LRB- The New York Times , they were a-changin ' -RRB- .
Like Bonnie and Clyde themselves , the film rides off in all directions and ends up full of holes .
Faye Dunaway and Warren Beatty deliver pitch perfect performances as Bonnie and Clyde , with characterisations that are layered and engaging . Beatty 's bravado is infectious , and Dunaway 's abandon is life affirming - if doomed .
Those returning to Bonnie and Clyde with this well-deserved special edition could well be shocked by how , well , shocking it is .
Stylistically , Arthur Penn 's crime epic does n't do anything that had n't already been seen in any number of runty , skuzzy teen epics , all of which firmly established the paragons of good -LRB- i.e. `` The Law '' -RRB- as being the new antagonists .
A bona fide landmark in American film , Bonnie and Clyde stands the test of time the same way its protagonists did : by breaking all the rules . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
In spite of the technological advances of film in the modern age , the blood soaked finale remains one of the most extraordinarily shot closers ever filmed ...
Modern crime classic directed by Arthur Penn w/Beatty , Dunaway
Funny and violent , knowing and chilling , this is the template that no lovers-on-the-lam movies has ever bettered .
Proof that the 1960s ended with a bang . For many , the film of the decade .
... whizzes by in a compact 111 minutes , while carrying an image of people and places that is hard to forget .
Beatty 's slo-mo rolling across the gravel , a muzzle flashing in his hand , is more real to us than Clyde slumped behind the wheel , dead before he realized he was ambushed
Arguably the most influential -LRB- but not best -RRB- film of the late 60s , Arthur Penn 's saga changed the course of American cinema , particularly in the controversial areas of sex and violence and the link between them .
It 's by far the least controlled of Penn 's films ... but the pieces work wonderfully well , propelled by what was then a very original acting style .
This inconsistency of direction is the most obvious fault of Bonnie and Clyde , which has some good ingredients , although they are not meshed together well .
Freed from the production code that drove most of the old Warner Brothers gangster films of the 1930s and 40s , Arthur Penn gave Bonnie and Clyde a new kind of thrilling glee .
Dated in some ways , still shocking and powerful in others .
With its weird landscape of dusty , derelict towns and verdant highways , stunningly shot by Burnett Guffey in muted tones of green and gold , it has the true quality of folk legend .
You 'll never root for the bad guys more than you will here .
A film of enormous aesthetic and historical importance . American filmmaking turned a corner with its release , and it can never now turn back .
Memorable and breathtaking .
The film set new standards for screen violence but it alternated its scenes of mayhem with lyrical interludes and jaunty slapstick sequences accompanied by spirited banjo music .
It is a cheap piece of bald-faced slapstick comedy that treats the hideous depredations of that sleazy , moronic pair as though they were as full of fun and frolic as the jazz-age cutups in Thoroughly Modern Millie .
It should readily be apparent that there is something special about the production , with its brash , vivid style , indelible performances by movie icons , and bold mixture of violence and comedy , romance and tragedy .
Some scenes are violent even by today 's standards . Robbing during the depression is highly glamourized , especially with the youthful good looks of Beatty and Dunaway .
Not as revolutionary as it once was , the film still packs a punch .
The question is whether it adds up to anything truthful , or evokes disquiet by crudely trying to con us into emotional reactions that do not make much sense .
So definitive in so many ways , Bonnie and Clyde has become a 20th-century touchstone .
This film is worthy of the attention of anyone who 's interested in classic American cinema .
For good or bad , movies were never the same again .
Not as good as it once seemed , but a landmark film
The bloody , baroque godfather of post-modern American cinema . One of the ten greatest films ever made .
Like The Graduate , this does n't live up to its legendary status . Time has worn away its impact .
Shocking , violent , extremely entertaining .
Warren Beatty hardly seems the desperado type , but Faye Dunaway is convincing in her role as his companion in robbery and murder .
combination of revisionist history and humor all skillfully composed by a master filmmaker
It is a film that took considerable risks , but somehow or another , all the gears clicked at the right time , and director Arthur Penn wound up with a national masterpiece he was never able to equal .
When I saw it , I had been a film critic for less than six months , and it was the first masterpiece I had seen on the job . I felt an exhilaration beyond describing .
Bonnie and Clyde -LRB- 1967 -RRB- is one of the sixties ' most talked-about , controversial crime/gangster films combining comedy , terror , love , and ferocious violence
An enjoyable late-sixties era romp that was the first to really challenge the conventions of filmmaking .
You could certainly make a case for it as the great American movie , the one that best represents our character and our cinema , warts and all .
It is ... the beauty of the screen images against the ugliness of the events that gives the film a constant and poignant sense of irony .




@highlight

A paradigm-shifting classic of American cinema , Bonnie and Clyde packs a punch whose power continues to reverberate through thrillers decades later .