A beautiful battery of depraved images and irrational associations , Lars von Trier 's two-handed essay in horror is as distracting and deadening as depression itself .
A good psychological horror film that has little to do with theological anguish . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a portrait of marriage as a morass of anger , suspicion and power ... that von Trier twists into a diseased hell : paradise rotted .
If you can stomach the violence , which is something that rivals Saw VI , it is beautifully crafted and unlike anything in theaters today .
A confrontational film that dances between the sublime , the mundane , and the shocking with little to no regard for audience expectations .
There will be no thumbs up or down ... -LSB- The film -RSB- is neither disgusting ... nor is it one of the great films . It is a transitional work made by an artist clearly in crisis .
... absurdly abstract in a way von Trier 's best films are not .
Von Trier admits he has no idea what any of this s -- means , but only a filmmaker of his skill could make such an inchoate mess so strangely entertaining .
Because of its impassioned conviction , placing it on a scale of value is practically irrelevant .
Before this movie goes careening desperately , hysterically , insanely off the rails , this is an ambitious , scary peek into pulsating , evil human hurt .
It 's audacious , gruesome and pushes to the extreme limits of acceptable cinema content : but it is never any of those things to exclude ordinary viewers .
... another provocation that is at once beautiful and perverse , personal and cynical , and filled with his sour vision ...
It is unrelenting , terrifying and profoundly powerful . And it is really , really ballsy ; a claim that viewers will recognise as being highly ironic considering the ball-related events that take place within the film .
Von Trier is a prankster so any attempt to guess at WTF he had in mind could just end up with the Danish auteur pulling your leg . The Fox may have said it best : `` Chaos Reigns ''
Von Trier tests not just the audience 's tolerance for blood-soaked images of genital mutilation , but also our ability to stay awake during some colossally boring and pretentious stretches of filmmaking .
Functioning as the inverse of the Biblical creation story , Antichrist is the most unique and divisive ` horror ' film you are ever likely to see .
A beautiful and ultimately very sad film .
A grim film that wants you to feel the pain its characters do .
It 's a far cry from Nicolas Roeg 's excellent 1973 chiller Do n't Look Now , which maintains a high-gloss art-house sheen yet draws us into its similar story of a couple coping with the drowning death of their child .
Built on a shallow premise designed to cheaply evoke feelings of disgust while elaborating on a simplistic theme .
Despite some strikingly flourishes , von Trier 's latest makes him look less like a mad genius and more like he 's simply , mad .
Wildly inconsistent , veering from boredom to moments of visual beauty to some of the most ghastly gruesomeness ever seen on screen .
Purely as a visual and visceral experience , puckish writer-diretor Lars von Trier produces an enormously powerful phantasmagoria that deals with and reproduces the effects of fear and depression .
Of course , von Trier wants us to react , to be repulsed , shocked , offended . Mission accomplished .
I can not recommend Antichrist , but in a culture that hemorrhages death and torture nightly on shows like 24 or C.S.I. , I can understand it .
` Antichrist ' begins promisingly for the genre but descends into schlock/slasher-school stuff .
Very hard to watch , and in the end it 's doubtful it 's worth the effort . But it has moments you wo n't forget , however much you may want to .
A cinematic violation made worse by the fact that von Trier is such a gifted filmmaker .
But there is one very definite way to take the vibe of the whole thing , I 'd say , and that 's that this movie knows exactly what it is to suffer from panic attacks .
A grueling , unpleasant exercise in cinematic sadism .
... it got to me in the way that poetry or music or visual majesty can ; it hammered that place beyond language and intellect , the animal id of the screaming self ... A gleaming atrocity . Bad medicine .
in order to prove his thesis that all humans are evil , von Trier has to create his characters as monsters . And if they 're monsters , then they 're completely devoid of the humanity needed for the audience to identify with them , however unwillingly .
O sonho molhado de qualquer psicanalista .
It 's a beautiful film , if a difficult one to love , an adaptation in form of `` Thanatopsis '' that hears Nature speak with a forked tongue
Von Trier , never exactly an optimist , has never been this gloomy and pessimistic . Antichrist is the feel-bad movie of the year .
I think -LSB- von Trier 's -RSB- immature . I think he 's even childish at times .
This is a bold , beautiful journey into the dark side of the soul that leaves you with many questions . But it is a film that will not leave you .
Yes , Antichrist is harrowing and often shrill , but the horrors all serve the underlying theme that , try as they might , men can never fully understand the inconsolable grief women endure when they lose a child .
This woman-hating , audience-baiting , nerve-grating tripe gets off to a rancid start , and then just rots away before your very eyes for 104 stupefying minutes .
We deride the lack of bold visions and confronting themes in world cinema today , yet a film like Antichrist comes along and there is a backlash against its artistry , complexity , ambition and ambiguity just because it contains moments that deeply shock .
It 's not a film for the faint of heart . Antichrist is about raw emotional heartbreak and the utter desolation of the soul , a film about being swallowed by grief until there is nothing left .
Whatever your opinion of von Trier -- he 's the enemy of polite cinema , at the very least -- there 's no denying Antichrist is a fine horror film . The movie understands that genuine terror is n't the domain of ghouls and spectres ; it resides in people .
A tough film on every level , and each viewer will have their personal and private response ; but von Trier 's cinematic flourish is undeniable
With disturbing images that gnaw at us , this is a truly ugly film that delights at shocking us . Von Trier kidnaps our thoughts and takes them into dark , repulsive places
Antichrist is a unique form of cruel and unusual punishment : an unrelenting orgy of graphic sex , violence and cynicism that also manages to be wildly pretentious .
Antichrist is a boldly personal film , tossing all von Trier 's ideas about faith , fear , and human nature into an unfettered phantasmagoria , full of repulsive visions and fierce scorn .
Chaos reigns , indeed , but let 's at least attempt to be as unflinchingly honest as von Trier : When has Chaos not ?
For those who care , it should generate a fairly spirited post-screening debate on the subject of `` What 's wrong with this guy ? ''
Self-loathing , mean , ugly and perfectly made , Antichrist is probably the best film ever that you 'd recommend to absolutely no one .
Antichrist ends up being more unnerving than it is terrifying , and a lot funnier than it 's supposed to be .
I like movies that elicit complicated responses , and `` Antichrist '' -- which is beautiful , ugly , insightful , crude and lyrical , sometimes all at once -- blew me away .
To watch the Danish provocateur 's new film is to experience unrelenting pain , shading into revulsion , while being inspired by his virtuoso command of the medium and sharp intelligence .
Von Trier throws in every controversial topic and random bit of symbolism to the point where the film plays like a parable about the foolishness of reading into parables .
Von Trier and cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle use sumptuous black-and-white photography and saturated color . Few movies are as beautifully wrought as this .
To call it a simple horror movie would be an oversimplification . To say it is a treatise on the male-female dynamic might be giving the director far too much credit .
It 's one of those movies whose fans will claim the naysayers just do n't `` get '' when , in truth , it 's not particularly hard to understand . It just is n't very good .
It does n't add up to more than an elaborate punking , and ... I do n't understand who it is that 's being punked . Von Trier 's detractors ? His fans ? Charlotte Gainsbourg ?
Imagine a Saw film with a slower pace and more pretentious ambitions .
What is Von Trier trying to say ?
A blood soaked horror fest with surrealistic overtones in the stripped down von Trier style . Overly disturbing but still a must see for fans of von Trier , Dafoe or Gainsbourg .
On the whole , I 'd rather be dragged to hell by Sam Raimi .
Like most of Trier 's movies , Antichrist wavers between inspired and insufferable , but it 's too nervy to simply dismiss .
No doubt some people will find Antichrist repellent . The question is whether you 're open to films that are as flawed as they are ambitious .
Von Trier 's personal demons are thrillingly cinematic , but they 're his , not necessarily ours .
Provocative , sloppy and intellectually retarded -- the entire picture feels like it 's sprung forth from Von Trier 's Id without a second thought as to the consequences .
Antichrist is a kind of exorcism for von Trier , an exorcism that involves no less than the destruction of the genitals of both sexes .
On a narrative level , it 's gobbledygook , as if von Trier has dredged up the details of a nightmare and filmed them in an attempt to get at some primal truths .
Von Trier has said he wanted to make a genre horror picture , but he could n't even come up with a decent metaphor : The climax is out of a Grade C hack - 'em - up with people chasing each other through the woods with axes and knives .
A hoot
The film 's incoherence breaks von Trier 's trademark wave of sensibility into something lesser , something all too easily understood .
A psychologically horrifying , fascinating and emotionally devastating experience that should be studied , analyzed and discussed scene-for-scene by film buffs for its brilliant , stylish production values , allegories and allusions .
The craft on display here is stunning ... and the actors are up to the von Trier 's challenges , but ... It 's a cerebral piece of horror , one that keeps you at arm 's length .
Absolutely stunning in its visual flourishes , horrifying in its aggressive violence , and knowing in its psycho-sexual philosophical bent , Von Trier 's Antichrist is simply astonishing .
It is a repulsive , perplexing piece of art . It is also brutally effective . Whether that 's incentive enough to sit through this film depends largely on your threshold for pain .
Pretentious , explicit , and , at times , unequivocally ridiculous .
Artfully horrific but artificial and soulless .
If you can crawl out from under the hype , it definitely works in a kind of mad , ridiculous way .
The scandal of Antichrist is not that it is grisly or upsetting but that it is so ponderous , so conceptually thin and so dull .
Admiration can go to his sheer audacity but not to his execution of his ideas , which resonate with pretensions and a certain pomposity .
`` Antichrist '' is a curious mash-up of cutting-edge torture-porn and good old porn-porn that fails on both fronts .
Please do n't take anything I 've said to indicate that Antichrist is n't difficult to watch . It most certainly is , but as somebody -LRB- the Marquis de Sade , perhaps -RRB- once said : No pain , no gain .
Though it 's hard to deny the fierce purity of Gainsbourg 's performance , Antichrist plays like an incoherent mix of Gothic horror claptrap and Bergmanesque power struggle . I was more bored and puzzled than shattered and provoked .
The movie 's story and meaning are not mysterious but deliberately impenetrable , faint gestures in all directions , absent of artistic integrity , intellectual rigor or emotional significance .
Von Trier said he wrote this film to help him work out of a deep depression . Now he 's put us in one .
The most awesomely despair-filled trek through hell of the year .
Want real controversy , Lars ? Try making a film in which a husband and wife are nice to each other for two hours .
Allegorical in the worst ways , Antichrist is about as profound as a slasher movie .
You can read all you want into Antichrist , but I think the basic summation of the film is simple -- Lars von Trier was depressed and he wanted you to be too .
For this kind of Satan-in-the-woods scenario , Von Trier is doing a little too much Scenes From a Marriage and not quite enough The Evil Dead .
Antichrist feels less like an art house film than a parody of one .
I ca n't deny this is filled with powerfully primal images .
By turns repellent , powerful and ludicrous , Antichrist piles horror on horror with pitiless passion .
After the infantile bludgeoning that is Antichrist -RRB- , I feel no need to keep accompanying von Trier 's career at all .
I 'm inclined to agree with a colleague who told me he could swing with Antichrist when it was simply unstable but could n't go with it when it turned insane . It 's a useful distinction . And yet the first hour ... is pretty stunning .
The movie immerses itself in the darkest despair imaginable , blending dystopian porn with ghastly horror and graphic violence . But it 's all done in a mundane , almost clinical way .
neither a dismissible failure nor a cinematic success
For better and for worse , it is exactly the movie von Trier wanted to make and a piece of staggeringly pure cinema . On at least one level , it 's also hateful .
For those with a strong constitution , Lars von Trier 's Antichrist has much to recommend . It 's got gore and shocks , but most of the horror will occur in your mind .
A visceral , disturbing experience that turns loss , resentment and miscommunication into the stuff of nightmares .
I 'm torn between dismissing the film as gross-out juvenilia and regarding it as raw religious mythmaking . Either way , you wo n't find a livelier time at the movies these days , if only because of the outraged groans and dumfounded gasps from the audience .
Von Trier , who has always been a provocateur , is driven to confront and shake his audience more than any other serious filmmaker -- even Bunuel and Herzog .
The quasi-religious title is misleading provocation ; Antichrist is really anti-cinema .
Von Trier 's previous sorties into torturing the audience ... were structured around issues of faith , God ... and the human condition . This time around , however , the thrust is either incoherent or so complex as to require a sharper mind than my own .
It offers more proof , if we need any , that von Trier is one of the most accomplished cinema artists of our time , and also perhaps the most deeply trapped in his own head .
To say that Antichrist is shocking would suggest that it 's effective .
The impotent folly of Antichrist is that von Trier has made it his mission to shock the bourgeoisie in an era when they can no longer be shocked .
This is a classic case of a filmmaker believing he has found a greater truth and attempting with only middling success to regurgitate it in a film . And , like all vomit , you can kind-of see what it 's composed of but the smell drives you away .
Frankly , von Trier , I do n't give a damn .
Somehow , a shovel seems a more appropriate implement for dealing with Lars von Trier 's Antichrist than any sort of writing utensil .
Porno-horror pic pessimistic about humanity with tour-de-force performances by Gainsbourg and Dafoe .
A word to the squeamish : there is no shame in leaving as the tools-and I use the word advisedly-come out . In a way , you will be getting the best of Antichrist , which until now has been a film of awkwardness , confusion , and great beauty .
Von Trier says he was suffering from severe bouts of depression when he shot the movie . See Antichrist , and you 'll know the feeling .
Only sporadically feels like an effort interested in grappling with the miserable fallout from tragedy .
click for full review
The tale rises or sinks to a level of horror with an unimaginable brutality that no doubt Saw 8 or 9 will pilfer .
Too sadistic , violent , and grossly offensive , there are some movies that never should have been made , even for art-house audiences .
the lensing by Oscar-winning Slumdog Millionaire cinematographer Anthony Dod Mantle is absolutely precious ... expressionistic in nature , give the feeling of a Bosch painting brought to life
A fairy tale gone fatalistically wrong , the stark opposite of happily ever after . Impresses with its sheer dauntless , sobering nerve .
A self-flagellating sexorcist weepie employing arty gore , and dubious New Age therapeutic kinky when not satanic sex remedies . And hopefully no animals or human genitals were harmed in the making of this movie .
... von Trier creates a tense and provocative horror film bound up in terms of psycho-therapy , sexual desire , and the shocking brutality of Mother Nature .
What 's the purpose of Antichrist beyond an artist 's callow flaunting of his recalcitrance ?
Antichrist is an original , gothic and combative ; a perfect night at the movies for those who enjoy cold sweats and the inevitability of post-screening divorce proceedings .
Antichrist is one of the best films of the year , if not the decade .
Who knows what Von Trier was trying to achieve with the movie -- some sort of catharsis , possibly ? -- but it 's doubtful anyone will want to sit through it a second time to figure it out .
... as tedious and interminable an experience as one could possibly envision .
By turns provocative , repulsive and downright elemental , it churns with such a surfeit of unresolved energy that it 's likely to leave viewers dazed and confused by the end of its assault .
The brutality is sickening , and unlike , say , the broken glass sequence in Bergman 's Cries and Whispers -- where the entire film built up to one brief , painful moment -- it serves no overarching purpose , quickly becoming an exercise in haughty
This wretched thing should have been snuffed out at the drawing board .
A great film that I will never , ever subject myself to again .
Von Trier has mutilated his own film , turning it into a crazy , hysterical work that alienates the audience with its infantile shock tactics and tedious transgressions .
Antichrist is something to be experienced rather than understood , at least at a first viewing , and it concludes in the visionary epilogue on a tone of tragic tranquillity .
A garbled , appallingly misogynistic fantasy that makes little sense and plays like torture porn cloaked in artistic pretensions .
Troma and porn have flogged this sort of stuff for years - the kind of films that do n't get previewed by critics .
It 's ploddy , affected and ludicrously nasty but , for all that , Lars von Trier 's new movie could well be the best horror film since the genre 's 70s heyday .
We can scoff and dismiss it as the last gasp ravings of a deranged opportunist . Or we can look , unflinchingly , at Von Trier 's fantastically painful mirror and acknowledge the Id within us all . Now that is scary .
Antichrist is a smirking contraption of a film , a cheeky , nasty , clever device for making us upset about the dead kid , making us scared at the creepy happenings , making us freaked out at the violence , and finally making us convulsed with liberal outrage .
It 's thrilling to see that von Trier 's vicious sense of mischief , his moviemaking skill and his desire to smash limits and expectations all remain undimmed . However you swallow it , this bizarre , hysterical melodrama is impossible to ignore .
The problem with Antichrist is not that it is bloody or attention-seeking , though it is clearly both . It is that from a thought-provoking premise it says absolutely nothing about grief , its two protagonists or the human condition .
Von Trier - a wind-up merchant par excellence - started off with an impressively disturbing vision of parental hell ... but he just did n't know when to stop .
This thoroughly pretentious offering is more childish and terrible than enfant terrible . The most startling - and boring - film you 'll see this year .
Antichrist is a horrible combination of extraordinarily unpleasant elements . It 's offensively misogynistic . It 's needlessly graphic in its use of violence . And its maker almost certainly needs psychiatric help .
Antichrist is a fairground ride through the brain of a genius , both nightmarish and apocalyptic . Trier 's head is the most dangerous place in modern cinema , its multiple caverns mysteriously structured and weirdly laid out .
It 's so outlandish that at times you wonder if Von Trier himself knows what 's going on . It would not be surprising to learn that he 's making it all up as he goes along .
Brutal in its psychological honesty , Antichrist is slashed through with von Trier 's love of teasing , titillating , revolting and disturbing the viewer , as well as making them laugh .
The film can expose you to nothing about life , nothing about film , while telling you more than you ever wanted to know about the director 's malicious vanity .
Like David Lynch 's Eraserhead , it 's perhaps impossible that this flick will truly ENTERTAIN , but provided you can hang onto your sanity , its creepy mood and twisty f**ked - up ending will spin in your conscious for weeks to come .
The expert direction , editing and photography are all here , along with two amazing performances . But this warped Adam and Eve myth is seriously hard to stomach .
Antichrist , by turns brilliant , by turns boring , is the most average horror film of the year .
Arthouse meets torture porn with lots of tedium thrown in .
It seems like a glib joke on von Trier 's part , as if he 's daring us to engage with it on an intellectual level when really there 's not much to engage with .
The gruesome nature of what follows is best avoided by those of a delicate disposition .
Antichrist is a beautifully shot , powerfully acted and frequently disturbing drama , but it 's also darkly funny .
You may be gripped by Antichrist 's depraved fairytale , or write it off as arthouse excrement . Either way , we guarantee you 'll be relieved as hell when it 's over .
A beautiful battery of depraved images and irrational associations , Lars Von Trier 's two-handed essay in horror is as distracting and deadening as depression itself .
The film is well made so you ca n't dismiss it entirely , but in his effort to put a personal stamp on a gruseome horror movie , von Trier piles up allegorical and religious elements -LRB- including the title -RRB- that his tale ca n't fully contain .
Antichrist , which , above all , wants to make pain visceral , is less successful at projecting authentic experience -- the shock tactics are ultimately numbing .
A psychological thriller that looks like art but satisfies as a work of genre .
The trouble is that Antichrist feels progressively symptomatic of a director losing heart .
This is cinema at its most extreme and mind-boggling .
A troubling but refreshing sense of an artist uncloaked . A violent conflict of ideas and images . Any satisfaction from loose ends tied and questions answered ? Forget it . It 's just not that sort of film .
Given how desperate to shock the film is , it 's surprising that long swathes of it are so turgidly dull .
What Lars is driving at is something completely bizarre , massively uncommercial and strangely perfect .
It 's one good-looking , publicity-grabbing provocation , with an overlay of pseudo-Christian allegory thrown in to deflect a reasonable person 's accusations of misogyny .
While there 's no doubt that the place he goes is off a precipitous edge , one ca n't deny the film 's continuing primal power .
Some von Trier fans will welcome his return to the elaborate visual invention he abandoned with the founding of Dogme . But in the wider world , Antichrist will prove too loopy and coarse for art-house audiences .
Visually gorgeous to a fault and teeming with grandiose if often fascinating ideas that overwhelm the modest story that serves as their vehicle , this may be the least artistically successful film von Trier has ever made .
Lars von Trier cuts a big fat art-film fart with `` Antichrist . '' As if deliberately courting critical abuse , the Danish bad boy densely packs this theological-psychological horror opus with grotesque , self-consciously provocative images .



@highlight

Gruesome , explicit and highly controversial ; Lars Von Triers arthouse-horror , though beautifully shot , is no easy ride .