A polished and large-scale production with some rousing action sequences , the movie is certainly watchable , though no one 's going to call this exciting filmmaking .
The film celebrates Max 's fierce patriotism , but does n't blink at the toll his heroics took .
The Euro-cultural tradition of canonizing Nazi resisters has met few candidates as challenging as Max Manus , a Norwegian saboteur and key member of the ragtag-guerilla Oslo Gang .
Enthalling and action-packed , it 's understandably Norway 's most successful film so far .
Has an old-fashioned sincerity that entertains without engaging .
Add to the impressive cannon of recent World War II resistance films , that include `` Black Book , '' `` Flame and Citron '' and `` Army of Crime , '' this engaging true story about a group of Norwegian freedom fighters -- called the `` Oslo Group '' ...
A taut , captivating , well-acted and thrilling war film .
The destruction in Max Manus is elaborately staged by co-directors Espen Sandberg and Joachim Roenning ...
Basically a slice of formulaic Hollywood-style mythmaking , writ large and woefully empty .
A strong cast , a bold visual sense with dynamic camera work and a propulsive story : They are the keys to a riveting film . Which Max Manus is from start to finish .
An epic by Scandinavian standards , Manus 's period re-creation is lavish-but the too-polished rental décor does n't create a living past .
A conventional biopic lacking in passion but of great importance toward understanding the Norwegian resistance to Nazi occupation .
The film exhibits another flaw common to film biographies : Directors Espen Sandberg and Joachim Roenning seem more interested in making a shrine to -LRB- as opposed to a biography of -RRB- their war hero .
An intense and intelligent war biopic about Norway 's greatest Second World War saboteur .
The movie feels overly familiar even though the real-life story it tells is little known outside of Norway ...
Directors Espen Sandberg and Joachim Ronning have not only crafted an enlightening biographical tale but a film , not unlike recent Oscar winner The Hurt Locker , that also conveys the addictive nature and ultimate futility of combat .
Impressively directed , frequently exciting and powerfully emotional war thriller with a strong script and great performances .
Solid and convincing , if pedestrian , World War II story that has its moments .
... remains oddly uninvolving throughout its distinctly overlong running time ...
A fascinating , well-acted glimpse into a little known theatre of the war .
It 's lively , sturdily mounted , just ever so slightly jejune .
A stirring tribute to the wartime sacrifices made in the name of a just cause .
Though not without its moments , this latest tale of wartime derring-do rarely dares to enter uncharted territory .
It 's perhaps a little too polite at times , but Rønning and Sandberg 's well-crafted picture does a good job of celebrating a man whose endeavours ought to be recognised by all of the Allied powers .
So this overdue homage to Max Manus : Man of War is a powerful surprise .
An entertaining , old-school war thriller .
If there 's nothing distinctly ` Norwegian ' about the way that Max Manus is filmed , it 's still an enjoyable and illuminating action adventure .
It 's a cracking yarn rippingly told . If it 's havoc you want wreaked on Hitler 's goosestepping invaders , then take it to the Max .
Bandidas directors Joachim Roenning and Espen Sandberg employ impressive production values and a blockbuster sensibility here , nailing the suspense .
It 's meticulously researched as regards period detail , and the whole thing is full of excitement and suspense .
A good old-fashioned war movie - a tale of courage and honour based on fact .
A tense drama of the deadly cat-and-mouse between the resistance and the Nazis .




@highlight

This good old-fashioned Norwegian WW2 film has impressive set pieces and never suffers for a lack of suspense .