Henry Poole Is Here is so stupid it makes you itch . I half expected to exit the theater with gushing stigmata .
What , exactly , constitutes a miracle ? Do they really happen ? You 'll be thinking about it , hopefully even talking about it , after the credits roll .
Good intentions , and a rare attempt to embrace spirituality on screen , are n't enough to make Henry Poole is Here a worthy destination .
There is something contrived about this story in which people with major problems find a resolution .
Drives home the themes in a natural and honest way that never comes off as preachy .
Despite an excellent performance by Luke Wilson and a promising start , Henry Poole is Here ends up an overindulgent misfire . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Tell him to go away .
One of the best films of the year . You 'll laugh , You 'll Cry ... You 'll truly appreciate life !
It never even gestures at the philosophical heavy lifting of exploring alternate interpretations of ambiguous events .
The Lord may work in mysterious ways , but the filmmakers behind sensitive , life-affirming indie dramas about brooding young men stumbling towards redemption are an awfully predictable lot .
Wilson plays disillusionment convincingly , the supporting cast -LRB- especially Barraza -RRB- is golden , and director Mark Pellington has just the right touch to bring off a teary-eyed inspirational drama .
If you 're a sucker for a New Age-meets-old-time-religion tale and you have nothing else to do this weekend , then this one 's for you . Everyone else should stay home .
Henry too often seems like a suffering cipher rather than a real guy with real problems .
Although the ending is unsurprising , Henry Poole remains an interesting character .
A noble effort but misguided and largely bloodless .
There may well be a market for simple-minded , high-budget tales of Christian redemption ; if so , Henry Poole should do very well at the box office .
There 's a version of Henry Poole is Here that I would 've liked to see , and the painful thing is that it 's not that far off from the real thing .
I went as someone who finds religion a 50-50 mix of fascinating and indigestible . I came out the same and have no expectations of encountering a stucco savior any time soon .
A stronger script focus and less unanswered questions about Henry Poole might have made the film more appealing .
Henry Poole Is Here is a movie that asks all the big questions and then , weirdly , wrecks itself by offering puny answers .
Thanks to Wilson 's sympathetic performance and Pellington 's restraint , Henry Poole is Here may just succeed in warming hearts and lifting spirits .
The further the characters venture into the mystic , the more the movie itself seems to dissipate .
At times you feel as if you should raise your arms and shout `` Hallelujah '' or `` Amen ! ''
Faith-themed dramedy has heavy themes , drinking .
Sometimes funny and sometimes tender-verging-on-rubbery .
You can feel the filmmakers ' manipulation at every turn , yet there 's a melancholy and life-is-a-gift spirit that still conveys .
This film really and truly moved me .
A charming break-out for Luke Wilson but not the role that provides him with the dynamics we want . Touching with the right amount of mystery . Great family viewing but no thrills .
With characters named Esperanza , Dawn and Patience that signal Deeper Meaning , Henry Poole Is Here traffics in the kind of inspirational kitsch that only a true believer could swallow .
Sober discussions give way to a clumsily handled finale that does n't stand a prayer of satisfying most discerning viewers .
Hope and faith , by their very nature , are issues that need to be handled with question marks . And yet , Henry Poole Is Here features nothing but ham-fisted periods .
Director Mark Pellington neatly underplays the more maudlin touches of rookie Albert Torres ' script and draws a richly complex performance from the usually bland Wilson .
It 's like a pushy neighbor who keeps inviting you to church and wo n't take no for an answer .
Occasionally vacuous .
A quiet , graceful drama that sneaks up on you .
Henry Poole may be cynical , but Pellington never allows his movie to be .
Every so often there 's a tabloid news story about the Virgin Mary seen in a piece of toast or Mother Teresa on a tortilla , and most of us equate them with Elvis sightings . This film is for the rest .
For a mildly quirky comedy-drama , Henry Poole Is Here has some surprising philosophical heft .
An easy film to surrender to .
Gooey , ponderous , and maudlin . It 's less a tale of religious rebirth than a faith-based Hallmark card .
Henry Poole is Here is one of those average guy-miracle stories that are supposed to make you feel good , but instead it just makes you feel used , and used rather badly .
One of the few really appealing features that have come along during this summer 's movie dog days . Here 's a film that actually tries to tell a story and tries to say something substantive instead of just blowing things up or going for the cheapest joke .
Henry Poole never quite approaches the ecstatic .
Some touching moments , but too blandly inspirational .
A spiritual movie with the power to emotionally touch believers , agnostics and atheists -- in that descending order , I suspect . It does n't say that religious beliefs are real . It simply says that belief is real . And it 's a warm-hearted love story .
I felt let down by Henry Poole Is Here , which seriously examines questions of religious faith until it skips away at last from being pinned down .
Henry Poole script has no splash .
Its story could n't be more corny , redemptive , or inspirational .
Pop songs hold the skinny plot together , but a surprisingly caustic Luke Wilson is the medicine that helps the sugar go down .
That the film is ultimately not about whether the guy gets the girl , but about whether the guy will be able to make peace with his past and go on to live the life he deserves , is pretty remarkable in itself .
Worse , it became preachy , but the sermon it was delivering was so shockingly unfocused all it did was contradict 90-percent of all the themes delivered during the first two-thirds .
A film that Christians will embrace , if only from sheer gratitude ; here , at last , is a depiction of Christian faith as something other than the domain of cranks and loonies .
The combination of placid technique and Wilson 's amiable , offhanded approach to a sketchily drawn character leads to a dissolution of dramatic interest around the midpoint .
This is n't a movie : it 's a sermon .
Your faith and your patience wo n't fare well for sitting through the slow-moving , lackluster Henry Poole is Here .
... examines ... in a sometimes subtle and sidelong poetic way , is examine the ways people recover and heal .
How seriously the filmmakers take the miracle of the stucco wall is up for debate , but the movie 's ultimate revelations feel unearned .
-LSB- It -RSB- works only insofar as you buy into its premise . If you 're a skeptic ... the real miracle may seem that the film was made at all .
Henry Poole Is Here is the subject of a great concept which is executed well in the acting and writing department but suffers from its awful music choices .
Henry Poole is Here is a gentle , personal film that gets great work from its cast and its unashamedly sweet messages about loneliness , hope , love and faith seem awfully brave these days .
The only big question you may be asking yourself after watching this will probably be `` What could -LSB- fill in the name of any of the talented people inexplicably involved here -RSB- have possibly been thinking when they signed on ? ''
This director deals in faces and facts , the camera closing in on his actors so they can deliver their big picture pronouncements while crying on cue .
Prepare to gag . ... It has a theme rather like the current political one of `` hope you can believe in . '' Well , I 'm here to tell you that this hope is full of audacity but not much veracity .
Although some may find this slow , I thought it was adequately paced and that the approach to a controversial subject even-handed and interesting .
It 's too uninspired to be inspirational .
A deeply spiritual movie about miracles , hope , love , and living in the present -- one of the best films of the year .
If ever a movie pushed my cynicism buttons , this one was it ...
Divine intervention notwithstanding , the box office here would ordinarily be meek , but in trying times movies about `` something to believe in '' tend do better than the ordinary bleak-and-hopeless fare that typically drives domestic box office .
The kind of movie where you could read the first 20 pages of the screenplay and accurately predict what will happen in the remaining 80 .
A few smart turns in a forest of stupid does n't make a film smart .
Pleasant , if insubstantial .
Henry Poole works hard to convert us , even pulling out quotes from Noam Chomsky , but it feels a little too much like a bumper sticker .
A grossly obvious take on the draining push and pull of faith , the picture is warm to the touch , just not digestible or , ultimately , meaningful .
As it bludgeons us with sappy talk of miracles and a ridiculously loud , these ! songs ! are ! meaningful ! soundtrack , the film is more likely to inspire cynicism than hope .
Sincere , relentlessly somber parable about a severely depressed man whose self-imposed suburban exile is upended by a familiarly-shaped stain on his wall .
A snarky film filled with messages about faith ? You better believe it .
Even if you 're not religious -LRB- like me -RRB- , HENRY POOLE is an inspiring , charming little movie that is about believing . A little syrupy at times , but ultimately moving .
A shaggy God story , theological Capracorn that will be indigestible except to the already converted ... Henry Poole Is Here is a movie that is n't all there .
`` Henry Poole is Here '' is not a movie , but rather a sketch for a screenplay that was never written . If ever there was a cinematic impetus to give up all hope for humanity and free expression , it is this patronizing , condescending , and vacuous waste of cell
In the world of Henry Poole Is Here miracles exist , faith is the wisest operating principle and intelligent thought is everywhere discouraged .
The movie is certainly flawed , but if you 're able to suspend disbelief for the spiritual premise and can appreciate quiet little character-driven films where not much happens , you can do worse than this innocent and often lovely film .
Even with its failures , Henry Poole Is Here takes on material that very few filmmakers even attempt . For that reason alone , the picture deserves respect .
After several genre films , Pellington goes back to his indie roots with a personal , semi-effective spiritual fable about the vagaries of life and death and the healing , redemptive powers of love .
-LSB- This -RSB- story of retreat and redemption , while deeply personal , may mean more to Pellington than to the audience . The miraculous elements in Albert Torres 's script that offer hope also strain credulity .
Pic 's tendency to lecture on the power of faith and religion and on the demerits of science seems to assume an almost childlike audience that needs to be spoon-fed Pablum .
Overall , the film lacks dramatic heft .














@highlight

Full of Hallmark-truisms and pop songs presented with strained significance , this comic foible intends less to convert than to preach to the choir .