Another dance movie this year ? Seriously , where the heck do they keep coming from ?
... yet another tedious inspirational tale revolving around a would-be dancer 's efforts at transcending her wrong-side-of-the-tracks upbringing to become a professional hoofer .
We know the trajectory , it 's a question of how brightly the rocket burns and how interested we are in the astronauts aboard this dance missile from small town Indiana to Chicago Big Time Dance School
This film 's limp retelling of the against-all-odds cliche just does n't bump , grind or sweat enough to make it happen .
Mary Elizabeth Winstead -LSB- has -RSB- star quality .
It 's hard to dislike all these urban musicals aimed at teenage girls , and even harder to tell them apart .
So predictable that you know exactly what 's going to happen at any given minute .
Then you wait for the moment one of the regular girls gets injured , the hostess has to find a replacement and ... the rest you know .
The film should have been called Rehash Dance , because it is Flashdance without any new ideas .
It 's all just filler between the dance scenes , which are admittedly fun . Think Pussycat Dolls with slightly more clothes on . Unrepentantly formulaic , but enjoyable all the same .
This awesomely unambitious film has all the depth of a Pepsi ad .
Its just as cheesy and just as icky , but calamitously fails to offer any high-octane dance to ease the pain .
It could be a contemporary take on classic backstage musicals . Or it could be the end of the cinematic arts as we know them .
There 's dancing , there 's emotion , there 's an earnestly cheesy inspirational storyline , there 's nothing you wo n't have seen before .
Despite boundless energy and some surprisingly artful photography , ` Make it Happen ' is never more than product . Cheap , abysmally scripted and utterly soulless .
The directing 's lazy , the love interest is a smarmy douche and the dialogue is flatter than Winstead 's toned tummy .
The story may be predictable but Winstead infuses every moment with an amazing amount of charm .
In short , this is a watchable dance movie and Winstead 's performance just about compensates for the generally poor direction .

@highlight

Cheap , predictable , formulaic and unimaginative generic dance film . Comes across as Showgirls for simpleton teens , but with much less flesh on show .