... a bottom-of-the-barrel comedy that 'll probably leave even small children exhausted by its nonstop energy .
Mixes youthful angst and hilarious hijinks in a way you 'd expect from the creator of Freaks and Geeks .
There are fragments of good comedy packed amidst the many forgettable scenes that you 've seen a dozen times before in a dozen other forgettable comedies
Why , and at what point , did Feig choose to ally himself with the bullies of the world and substitute broad stereotype for insight into character ?
Predigested drivel .
The kids in the film behave badly . The adults behave worse .
Unexpectedly warm and huggable , and far funnier than you 'd ever guess ... one of the wittiest , most endearing holiday films in recent memory .
Designed only for the youngest of children , who might be roused by the silly action , or perhaps for John Hughes , who might delight in the fact that his influence continues to color the landscape .
Feig 's sympathies toward young misfits are still thankfully evident , but the mature , realistic approach that made ` Freaks and Geeks ' so refreshing is missing here .
Irresponsible content notwithstanding , it 's the low standard of filmmaking that really defies belief .
It 's clear very early on that Warner Bros. wanted less a thoughtful film about divorce or coming of age than a chipper family pick-me-up . And thus we have Unaccompanied Minors , which is one-third heart and two-thirds cheese .
` It 's like Lord Of The Flies in here ! ' cries nerdy teen Spencer -LRB- Dyllan Christopher -RRB- when he sees the film 's quarantined crew , which is as clever as Paul Feig 's movie gets .
Produzido para funcionar como comédia leve e divertida , Menores Desacompanhados só conseguiu me deixar de mau humor .
Why is the Christmas message in `` family movies '' repeatedly reduced to splats , farts , bruises , and winky-wink sex jokes ?
Most Saturday morning cartoons are more realistic , and actually funnier .
A ghastly rip-off of the John Hughes genre , `` Unaccompanied Minors '' is so awful that it should be accompanied by a warning : May insult your intelligence . Proceed at your own risk .
... another indigestible holiday turkey ...
a 90-minute succession of jokes , set pieces and false sentiment that , unless you 're extremely young or undiscerning , has a distinctly been-there-done-that whiff about it .
`` More airport action than Die Hard 2 . ''
Unaccompanied Minors is packed with talent in front of and behind the camera , which makes its bland mediocrity even more unforgivable .
Now Director Paul Feig , and writers Jacob Meszaros and Mya Stark have managed to make something which could be very tired , something rather cute .
Not for the faint of heart , the movie is unsettling and startlingly true to life .
Unaccompanied Minors may not be the worst holiday comedy ever made , but frankly I ca n't think of something from that genre that sinks lower than this frighteningly bad movie .
There is n't an original moment in the mix , but it 's not as crass or vulgar as much of what passes for ` family friendly ' entertainment , and it keeps the precocious pop-culture references to a blessed minimum .
If you really must find something to distract your children from Christmas shopping and material yearning , this one gets top recommendation for happily occupying 90 minutes at the mall .
Filmmaker Paul Feig has proven his creativity directing The Office and Freaks and Geeks -LRB- which he created -RRB- . With Unaccompanied Minors , he piles on one unfunny gag after another , leaving little room for character development .
It is not a holiday classic on par with A Christmas Story . But it does provide a lot of laughs and does do exactly what a yuletide movie should : it makes merry .
A bouncy mix of slapstick humor , shrewd character details and a poignant take on bringing the Christmas spirit to frequent fliers and children of divorce .
A noisy , not particularly charming collection of skits and skirmishes .
It 's a holiday farce in a minor key , suitable for the not-ready-for-PG-13 crowd , too boring for anybody else .
Younger kids probably will dig Minors like we dug The Goonies .
There 's some amusing mischief as the underage passengers outsmart the grownups , but the picture also features mean-spirited stereotypes that kill the festive mood . Talk about holiday blahs .
A lot of crotches get abused in the kiddie comedy Unaccompanied Minors . And as a viewer , I felt a lot like a crotch .
Unaccompanied Minors is a Christmas headache looking for an audience .
The PG rating for Unaccompanied Minors does n't stand for Pretty Good .
A film that 's funny and entertaining for kids and adults and does not involve moronic warring neighbors .
It 's just another loud , hyperactive Home Alone rip-off , and how many of those does the world really need ?
It 's the sort of movie that shortens your life and makes you doubt the existence of God .
Why bother suffering through 90 minutes of bad company for a few moments of holiday cheer ? Especially when you can still stay home alone and watch A Charlie Brown Christmas somewhere on TV .
Though -LSB- director -RSB- Feig has said he was aiming for the spirit of films by John Landis -LRB- Animal House -RRB- , Unaccompanied Minors more closely resembles the lesser movies of director-producer John Hughes .
The film wastes the talents of such funny people as Lewis Black and Teri Garr , as well as cast members from TV 's Arrested Development , The Office , The Daily Show and Kids in the Hall .
So that 's that . If you 're under the age of twelve this movie is for you . If you 're any older than that you might as well just stay at home .
A clumsily made but disarming enough movie about the joys of getting away with everything .
Tedious at 89 minutes , the entire concept could be subtitled : The Joy of Vandalism . It 's a terminally boring layover .
It plays like a cross between Home Alone and The Breakfast Club . Pre-teens are sure to have a great time , and accompanying adults will , too .
If Feig is working below his usual cleverness level here , at least he and the kids seem to be having fun doing it .
A new generation of kids gets its John Hughes on ... surprisingly bearable .
It 's a hodgepodge of spills , pranks , and wide-eyed reaction shots , sold with Feig 's fine-tuned , Hughesian comedic voice .
Maybe Unaccompanied Minors are the only ones who should go see this movie . Give them some soda , popcorn and milk duds , then let them rip up the theater , while Mom and Dad see something good
... moves the film along with a modicum of snap and manages to keep the kids ' performances from sliding into complete sentimental mush , if only barely .
In the context of comedy films , Unaccompanied Minors is probably mediocre at best
It 's The Breakfast Club for middle schoolers with slightly lower-grade angst and a less memorable soundtrack .
Just another lame tween screwball comedy -LRB- emphasis on the ` screwball ' , not so much on the ` comedy ' -RRB- .
Nothing more than Home Alone in an airport .
A gently toned but ultimately trifling caper .
Though it does n't reek of originality , Unaccompanied Minors manages to keep familiar routines entertaining and find fresh ways to revive the laughs fossilized inside old gags .
It 's a prefab slapstick - 'n' - pathos stew that does n't taste like anything .
Most of the comedy consists of one-liners and wacky slapstick .
Sputters to the end credits on autopilot .
There is n't a single original plot development in Unaccompanied Minors , which is why it 's a surprise that the movie is so much fun .
A ragged but extremely amiable family comedy .
For a movie funded by an NPR personality , it also has a nasty anti-environmentalist streak .
The dialogue is truly painful . The situations are so contrived they make `` SpongeBob '' seem like a nature documentary . But what 's more annoying about Minors , is the calculation behind it .
A Christmas lump of coal .
What these kids really need for Christmas is acting lessons .
Frenetic and forced
This is a silly , moderately funny fantasy fit for kids whose parents care about them too much to ever let them run around unsupervised at an airport .
... features more smart , funny people than any other dumb , unfunny film I 've ever seen .
Neither good enough to be an instant classic nor bad enough to disappear from video stores ' seasonal rental shelves for many Christmases to come .
A winsome blend of Home Alone and The Breakfast Club , it 's unabashedly silly kids ' movie .
Anyone old enough to go see this without a parent or guardian will have seen it all before .
How do you defang and declaw caustic standup comic and commentator Lewis Black ? Stick him in a PG-rated holiday family movie , then stand back and watch the laughs not pile up .
Brash , annoying juvenile slapstick comedy ... Once word gets around , these Minors probably wo n't be as much unaccompanied as unattended .
Why does the token black kid have to be comic relief ?
Anyone who has ever actually been stuck in a terminal with rowdy youngsters will not likely choose to pay money to revisit that experience on-screen .
Where 's John Hughes when you really need him ?
The movie keeps on its toes from the cast 's enthusiasm .
Cycles of escape , recapture and punishment ensue , though a climactic infusion of Christmas spirit helps keep results merry .
The film has an excellent pedigree , but when it poops it stinks of a Tim Allen movie .
This romp just is n't funny or original enough to become a holiday classic . Although the solid cast makes it watchable .
A pretty agreeable farce but it could have done with sharper lines and more spontaneous kids .









@highlight

Unaccompanied Minors , while featuring credible performances by its mostly young cast , is simply a rehash of other , funnier movies .