Un drama reflexivo y quizás alegórico sobre las heridas que permanecen años después de un conflicto como el de Irlanda del Norte . Sus dos principales actores salen airosos de las quizás inevitables simplificaciones del guión .
Tense tale of guilt and atonement in Northern Ireland .
The film deserves credit for not offering any easy answers , but it also fails to ask any interesting questions .
... about real people shaped by real situations and experiences that echo through their being long after the events are over .
... intelligent and provocative
Pitch-perfect performances and an incredibly powerful first two acts do a lot to make up for the film 's loss of momentum towards the end .
The economy of the screenplay provides an intense and focused film that ultimately delivers a gentle and controlled payoff
Acclaimed director Oliver Hirschbiegel gives us much more than we expect in a complex and superbly executed film , whose subject matter may be specific but whose themes of humanity are universal
Five Minutes of Heaven is actually 75 minutes worth of buildup to an ending that 's much more fizzle than sizzle .
-LSB- T -RSB- his difficult , uncomfortable film ... deconstructs the notion of what ` evil ' is ... Subtle and sharp in how it turns over notions of revenge and grief , forgiveness and empathy , compassion and understanding ...
Five Minutes of Heaven is an almost-great film that gets points for sticking with its confused and conflicted characters as long as it does .
Five Minutes of Heaven is a frustrating inconsistent film which provides a vehicle for some truly outstanding acting ...
A director whose breakthrough was the story of a madman 's last stand has exceeded that feat with the story of an angry man 's next step .
Two marvelous performances from two Irish actors turn Oliver Hirschbiegel 's Five Minutes of Heaven into a tour de force .
This talky little drama about two men * not * meeting is exceedingly well-written and very efficiently made , with surprisingly good mood-setters and dramatic deflections
It 's easy to see what attracted Liam Neeson and James Nesbitt -LRB- Bloody Sunday -RRB- to Prime Suspect veteran Guy Hibbert 's screenplay : it 's an actor 's showcase .
James Nesbitt is searing in a performance that bubbles both with rage and a tightrope type of wit .
full review at Movies for the Masses
A tense , sad reminder that there 's no more persistent attacker than the past .
The movie might have been more tense had it been a little more quiet . Neeson and Nesbitt , however , are so good that narrative hiccups never threaten to lose us ...
So many movies set in Northern Ireland are about the Troubles that we might justifiably ask , why another ? Five Minutes of Heaven is far from the best of the breed , but it does at least take a new tack .
Excellent ... both Neeson and Nesbitt should be worthy end-of-the-year award contenders for their fine , challenging work here .
Ultimately , Five Minutes of Heaven is stronger as a whole than its individual parts .
comes off as somewhat heavy-handed , if not outright pointless .
It 's an original movie idea that feels written for the stage , all the more so since so much of our attention is diverted to admiring how the actors act , in roles with a high degree of technical
difficulty .
A 90-minute tour de force of suspense and intrigue with outstanding , powerhouse performances by James Nesbitt and Liam Neeson . It 's one of the most rousing and provocative thrillers of the year .
Early scenes set up the tragedy , but the majority of Oliver Hirschbiegel 's movie is set in a TV studio where the two eventually face each other , and the tension , unfortunately , quickly becomes stagey .
Spread out over 33 years and framed almost entirely in three crucial , tension-filled scenes , Oliver Hirschbiegel 's Five Minutes of Heaven dissects the intersection of two men 's lives in the aftermath of wartime and sectarian conflict .
A feature-length talkathon built on a sketchy premise and strong star turns from Liam Neeson and James Nesbitt .
The lasting damage from such traumas and the way it metastasizes down the decades is the true topic under discussion here , and that makes Five Minutes of Heaven more complicated and troubling than many of its type .
A poignant and emotionally gripping drama about two men locked in the past and given a chance to reconcile with each other after many years of inner torment and anger .
Inspired by the sectarian murder of a Catholic dockworker in 1975 , Five Minutes Of Heaven belongs , along with Nothing Personal and Breakfast On Pluto , to the rare class of movies that try to encompass both sides of the conflict .
Alas for ` Five Minutes of Heaven , ' confrontations seem rigged and resolution is tacked on in minutes .
Could benefit from a little less of the balanced historical context and a little more of the movie madness of Quentin Tarantino .
The three parts never coalesce , even if they each have potential .
It is very good at stating the obvious but fails to bring new insight to this age-old morality tale .
Powerhouse performances by Liam Neeson and James Nesbit make this an intense , ultimately moving tale .
A damn good film , one that trades in harsh , dark material , but never loses sight of the true nature of humanity .
Never taking the easy way out , Five Minutes of Heaven digs down to the very core of twin hell-on-earth existences .






@highlight

Oliver Hirschbiegel 's dramatic take on `` The Troubles '' is an actor 's showcase -- and Liam Neeson and James Nesbitt are more than up to the challenge .