Aside from a generic plot twist and a little clever banter between the two fellas , From Paris With Love fails to deliver the excitement to which the trailer alludes .
This thing is fun . Dumb fun . Overdone fun .
The goatee-sporting , shaven-headed Travolta throws himself around with gusto , and the action is bruising and bloody , but to a viewer on this side of La Manche , the film 's casually racist attitude to its non-white characters is shocking .
... a workable premise that 's squandered from the word go ...
If you like a violent , silly , frenetic style of film you 'll find plenty to enjoy here .
Suddenly I 'm nostalgic for Battlefield Earth .
It 's stupid , it 's unoriginal , and it makes very little sense ... but that 's not all bad .
Travolta stuffs it up , again .
Lacking any compelling style , attitude or storytelling .
A fun , over the top action movie that does n't care that it 's stupid and over the top .
Not even the pleasures inherent in watching John Travolta mug it up as a gonzo CIA operative bent on breaking things and killing people ... are sufficient recompense for sitting through this by-the-numbers slog from the fevered brain of Luc Besson
Morel 's underrated eye and knack for making kinetic movement rhythmic and easy to follow elevates Besson 's run-of-the-mill , mismatched-buddy thriller into a propulsive , enjoyably Eurotrashy entertainment .
It 's both a classic mismatched buddy action movie transplanted to Paris and a French idea of an American action movie abroad .
With a screenwriter formerly of the Israeli Airborne Defense Forces , this is the kind of sour anti-terror travelogue where you 're set up to howl on cue when bearded or burka clad Arab insurgents are preemptively shot in the head or blown to smithereens .
Action fans are likely to be as giddy as the perma-grinning Travolta .
A blistering pace , a certifiable performance from Travolta and a delicious body count .
From Paris with Love is exactly the kind of mindless entertainment that we 've come to expect from -LSB- Luc Besson -RSB- .
% u0160kolski primjer `` stare % u0161kole '' ameri % u010Dkog akcijskog filma 80-ih , a koja je promovirala jednostavan crno-bijeli pogled na svijet
From Paris with Love attempts to reimagine John Travolta as a potty-mouthed soldier of fortune who 's not only stock but dated .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s absolute nonsense , of course , but does quite nicely as knockabout Friday night fun . We can smell a sequel if Travolta can be bothered .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s not enough to allow the film to rise above its guilty-until-proven-innocent conception of justice . Reprehensible , then , but what fun !
Not suitable for vegetarians due to ham content .
Travolta eventually becomes a parody of himself : with nudge-nudge references to the Royale cheeseburger , famously of Pulp Fiction .
I may have been distracted by the sleights of choreography and editing constructing action sequences around the none too nimble JT . But his trash-talking gusto â '' though a blatant Pulp Fiction pastiche â '' gives a bit of life to proceedings .
Everything here is pumped up , lousily shot and malevolently brutish . Iâ -LRB- TM -RRB- m all for trash pleasure , but itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s hard to come by when the companyâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s so obnoxious .
For all its absurdities -LRB- and there are plenty -RRB- , as a chest beating , hi-octane romp , From Paris With Love is as enlivening and gratifying as they come .
If there really is a fine line between stupid and clever , this is so far to one side that it makes it look like a dot . If you take the time to check in your brain when getting your popcorn though , you 'll probably be too busy laughing to mind .
Undemanding and unoriginal , this is all swagger and no substance .
Preposterous , knockabout stuff but prevented from being genuinely enjoyable by a nasty undercurrent of racism .
Travolta and Meyers do all that 's required of them in another Besson B-movie blow-out . No brain required , but to be fair , twice as entertaining as many films with double the budget .
Saddled with a mostly thankless role as the straight man , Rhys Meyers is decidedly wooden , while the energetic Travolta fails to make us forget he 's played this sort of freestyle psycho one too many times already .
Is this a satire on amoral violence or a celebration of it ? Regrettably , it 's the latter , which should give you some idea of just how despicable this film is .
Another cynically violent , casually racist action movie that even Michael Winner would disown .
You 'll have forgotten most of what just happened before the credits have finished . But while you 're on the ride , it 's great fun .
The monotony is crowned by a predictable plot twist . Producer Luc Besson , maker of the similar but superior Nikita , conceived the original story . It should , like most of its characters , have been killed on sight .
Murder , mayhem and a wildly improbable yarn ensue in this tiresome flick .
Doubtless aiming to become a globe-trotting franchise , it 's totally tosh but a fun rumpus .
Forgettable Friday night entertainment at its most brainless .
From the gun-happy guys who brought us Taken , here 's another slice of misogynistic , xenophobic mayhem from the City of Light .
An uproarious late-night action blast , and it 's going to get trashed by virtually every other reviewer on the planet . Ignore them . It 's brilliant .
Ironically , it 's Travolta 's voracious , scenery-chewing and wide-eyed ravings which turn out to be the guilty pleasure of From Paris With Love , an otherwise dumb action adventure that clumsily pilfers scenes from the Bourne trilogy .
Luc Besson should be embarrassed to have his name on the poster .
This feels like a middling 80s action film supposedly amped up by being set in Paris , but instead dumbed down by daft story telling .
Not to be taken seriously . But , ridiculous as the film is , it 's loads of fun
-LSB- Director -RSB- Besson ignores reality and common sense , creating a ludicrous plot that barely provides an excuse for John Travolta to do very bad things in Paris ...
Armed to the teeth with more action movie clichés than a Steven Seagal show reel . Yep , it has ` guilty pleasure ' stamped all over it .
An abysmal film : a buddy comedy with no jokes , implausible storylines and boring action scenes .
A strong plot and some super cool tough-guy dialogue makes this an entertaining and engaging film
As a pulsating action thriller with edge-of-seat car chases , massive explosions , gun-fire and major stunts , the film works a treat , largely due to the odd-couple pairing of Travolta and Meyers
`` John Travolta is obviously having a ball playing the obnoxious tough guy , but I took him less for tough and more simply for obnoxious . Sometimes his performance works , but often , it 's just excessive . ''
I mean , sure , Pierre Morel makes dumb , loud and violent B-movies ... That 's the whole point !
Almost worth watching for the Travolta performance .
Is the movie worth seeing as a travelogue ? Only if you are -LRB- a -RRB- a masochist , -LRB- b -RRB- a terrorist , or -LRB- c -RRB- desperate .
Amidst the car chases and the gunfights Reese and Caroline rip out their hearts in hopes they wo n't be broken , their last scene so obnoxious and unbelievable it would almost be silly if it had n't been so melodramatically unbearable .
It 's funny , a lot of it , but the movie is n't parodying old-school action-movie excesses . It 's wallowing in them , with great enthusiasm .
Crushing dull repetition that makes one noisy , violent scene play exactly like the last one .
an over-the-top mixture of bad-ass verbal bluster , two-dimensional villainy , martial arts mayhem , and absurd action setpieces
In ` From Paris with Love , ' Wax destroys half of the City of Light 's underworld in order to stop either a drug ring or a terrorist cell .
Travolta happily chews the scenery . He seems to be having a dandy time , and you probably will too .
Blame scenarist/producer Luc Besson , whose women are either whores or terrorists . Besson may be from Paris , but his idea of love is laced with bile .
What makes this concoction succeed as passable entertainment is that it does n't pretend to be intellectually capable of more than scratching its name in the dirt with a stick .
As mindless action , this is sort of fun .
From Paris With Love is even more mindless than Taken and is more fun than the recent Edge of Darkness . But that still leaves it lagging far behind Morel 's District B13 .
Worth watching just for John Travolta 's over the top performance
This French buddy cop action comedy owes its limited success to John Travolta . If you do n't love him stay an ocean away from this flick .
The movie tries to shock you with its twists and turns . What 's really shocking is how an action flick with such a high body count could be so deadly boring . Travolta brings new meaning to the term , `` ugly American . ''
The bazooka was as subtle and witty as the movie .
-LSB- It -RSB- is so dumb -- so obnoxiously over the top , so asinine -- that you have to wonder if Travolta knew what kind of a movie he was in and tailored his performance to match .
Wax on , wax off ... you decide .
a non-sensical ultra-violent R-rated action film that exists only to please those into high body counts
Bullets fly . Bad guys die . I tried to do a body count but lost count at 20 . And that 's by the end of the second reel when Travolta 's Charlie Wax is just getting warmed up .
A splatter flick featurng an almost infantile Ugly American in Paris with access to an infinite supply of live ammo , and misbehaving like the proverbial bull in a china closet .
Although John Travolta and Jonathan Rhys Meyers make an unlikely duo , they perform their roles with gusto . And the fast-paced action here is exciting to watch .
All bravado and it nearly works . But the flick 's insistence on playing dumb , on shooting suspects before interrogating them and explaining anything , puts your brain on autopilot
A disposable piece of action fluff that never satisfies our hunger for fun .
The kind of action movie that makes you wish there was a partially rotten tomato .
Bullet-riddled and forgettable , it 's filled with bloody violence and an astonishingly high corpse count .
Without -LRB- Travolta -RRB- , the movie would be a royal waste of time . With him , it 's redeemed , if only super-spy-ficially .
Lightning does n't strike twice as Morel returns to Paris with Travolta in tow , though the chrome-domed A-lister has enough fun with his gonzo performance to fill at least two movies .
It 's a spy story with a weak start and a better action finish .
It 's only remotely fun when John Travolta takes center stage , rampaging across the screen .
For better or worse , From Paris With Love is an effective stimulant .
. Ah , John . I missed this ! You deliver one liners like a pro , and you even managed to make me laugh at the whole PULP FICTION , ` royale with cheese ' nod . -LRB- Which , by the way , would have been far funnier if I had n't seen it in the trailer ! -RRB- With some of the
If only Morel and Besson would have committed to satirizing , instead of merely exploiting , this superficially cool , destructively cold archetype of American firepower , they could 've had more than multiplex filler .
Desperately unoriginal .
Extraordinarily bad by any measure .
If you 're adept at holding your nose and understand that nothing on screen comes close to what most of us understand to be reality , it 's quite a hoot .
The experience is more like watching a video game than a movie .
Disappointing thriller pours on the violence .
From Paris with Love is a Royale with way too much cheese for most diets .
There 's definitely something to be said for an exciting , weightless , second-gear popcorn muncher like this .
The movie is a mess .
Would you like some fromage with all that ham , Monsieur Travolta ?
mayhem , intrigue , and the occasional , nicely calibrated , fits of whimsy
Travolta looks positively giddy , dancing with glee as he instigates multitudes of frenetic shoot - 'em - up 's -- and let 's face it , no one 's danced with this much glee over the decades quite like this guy .
When it 's campy , at least the movie is something .
Unfortunately , From Paris with Love is unable to keep up the pace of Morel 's previous Gallic adventures .
Return to sender .
There is n't a moment in this movie that makes sense , but stupid as it is , it also has a joie de dopey vivre you have to love .
The film bored me to tears on top of the crying I was already doing when Travolta spouted off a line from Pulp Fiction . I never thought action could be so boring .
With love , my eye .
Morel 's strategy is to speed up the stupid and hope no one cares .
Everything 's fast and furious , the good guys rarely miss , and the bad guys rarely hit .
From Paris With Indifference is more like it .
Cast in the time-honoured double act of straitlaced newbie and wingnut-who-gets-the-job-done , Rhys Meyers and Travolta develop an affable rapport , possibly because they both recognize the movie for the trash that it is .
Mr. Morel is no Kubrick , or Tarantino , just as Mr. Travolta 's caricature of John Travolta is no Travolta .
If you were to take From Paris with Love seriously , it 'd be easy to be offended ... Fortunately , it 's nigh-impossible to take the movie seriously , so just enjoy the destruction .
This kind of movie does n't need much : a simple , goofy story , a clear mission , a fun bad guy , and you 're there . From Paris With Love is aggressively nonsensical .
If anything , From Paris With Love does n't go far enough in its ridiculousness , with only Travolta 's firing-a-bazooka-off-a-freeway-bridge scene truly going for broke .
Almost passable .
one of the more entertaining and engaging pop entertainments to come along in a while despite its excesses and even because of them at certain points .
Parental Content Review
This profusely violent , incoherent , poorly organized , written , directed , and acted , profanity-laden outing is agonizing to sit through .
The film 's negative , narrow-minded opinion of anyone who is n't a Caucasian American is truly disturbing . Despite the title , the City of Light gets no love here .
From Paris with Love is like The Odd Couple with automatic weapons . This enjoyable , low rent Bourne actioneer may be preposterous , but that 's half its cheeky charm .
This cheerfully over-the-top spy thriller only falters when Jonathan Rhys Meyers is on the screen . Which , unfortunately , is most of the time .
A marginally offensive film which attempts to tackle deeply serious world issues by having a bearded biker shoot them with a rocket launcher .
Instead of including the audience in on the joke , it offers second-rate goods and then tries to slip them by us .
sticks to convention
Stoopid fun , From Paris With Love does n't do much for Paris or love , or your brain cells , but it flies like a crazed eagle on uppers and comes from the talented , propulsive schlocketeer Pierre Morel .
Rude male-bonding , eye-catching action , fast editing and loud music drive the plot ; logic takes a back seat -LRB- or , sometimes , just gets shoved in the trunk -RRB- .
-LSB- A -RSB- breathlessly exciting , surprisingly funny , nonstop 90 minutes of audacious twists , excessive violence , sexy car chases , and just plain cinematic tomfoolery ...
No movie star appears to have more fun in a crap movie than John Travolta , and his inimitable my-check-has-cleared ! glee is the best thing about this lame espionage thriller .
The movie has the patchwork plotting of grade-schoolers making up a game at recess : `` The hero 's a wanna-be spy ! He has to hang with a brash superagent ! And they hunt a drug stash that 's connected to terrorists ! ''
The preposterously silly and bullet-riddled From Paris With Love is so leaden and obnoxious that it actually makes you long for the John Travolta of Old Dogs .
John Travolta , channeling Bruce Willis , goes way over the top as a gun-happy , hard-edged , shaved-head dude .
What a dopey excuse for an action thriller .
Morel and his crew certainly know how to stage action : the fight scenes and shootouts , the stairwell pursuits and motorway mayhem , are as good , if not better , than anything to come out of Hong Kong in a long time .
It appears that the makers of From Paris With Love were hoping to land Bruce Willis as their star but had to settle for John Travolta instead .
This is the sort of asinine action exercise that needs a star to blow up cars and leap from rooftop to rooftop with gusto . So right about the time that Travolta curses out the Charles De Gaulle customs staff , we know this movie has found a reason to be .
From Paris with Love is a raucous cartoon . You have to decide whether or not you want to take this wild ride . It 's dippy , dopey , and dizzying .
Rookie spy joins with veteran killer to stop a terrorist plot in Paris . A slumming John Travolta is the biggest draw in an otherwise lackluster thriller .
As junky and disposable as most Besson productions , From Paris With Love is insomniac viewing , coming soon to a 2 a.m. pay-cable slot near you .
A bonkers Travolta is always good for a laugh or two , but the picture does n't come through on its promise of a cartwheeling good time . It 's a shame , since Morel and Besson are capable of such wonderful madness .
Tony Manero , Vincent Vega , Charlie Wax . Travolta has his franchise now ! Gleeful killer Wax makes Bond and Bourne look like clumsy amateurs . Roaring fun .
I prefer Travolta when he 's under the top , not over it , but there is no modulating either him or Morel in this nutty movie .
A buddy-spy thriller that exudes Euro-trashiness from first frame to last .
Pauline Kael has already reviewed this movie in her book Kiss Kiss Bang Bang , and it only took her the title .
John Travolta kicks that pesky schizophrenic script out of his way to serve up yet another , perfectly entertaining badass .
This is Travolta 's most enjoyable and energetic performance since Pulp Fiction and Primary Colors , and he 's a blast to watch .
From Paris With Love is a `` fun trash '' movie that 's more trash than fun .
Morel unwisely switches to a more-serious tone midway through the movie , in a misguided attempt to make it appear to be weightier than it is .
There 's no escaping the grinding gears of an American buddy picture that loses something in the translation .
Giddily succinct in ways literal-minded folk will not appreciate , From Paris With Love is an object lesson in the realities of what the Obama administration once euphemized as `` man-made disaster . ''
John Travolta breaks the braggadocio meter in the latest tightly wound actioner from Taken 's Pierre Morel .
We all know how rotten today 's movies can be , but even at the bottom of the slag pit , you wo n't find a load of garbage any smellier than From Paris With Love .
-LSB- Morel -RSB- brings in lobotomized entertainment at 90-odd minutes . During the February doldrums , this can not be underestimated .
What might have been a fairly standard buddy comedy is elevated by a hilariously irreverent performance by Travolta and Morel 's knack for creating exciting action pieces .
The action barely pauses % u2013 and when it does , the talk is hardly memorable . But talk is cheap ; fireballs coming out of exploding SUVs are not .
The biggest thing standing in the way of From Paris with Love achieving even that standard is the laughable casting .
Mildly diverting but entirely forgettable .
Only a Wild West town between sheriffs has fewer law officers than this film 's depiction of Paris .
Nowhere near as fun as that premise probably sounds .
Travolta has/is a blast in an action-thriller-comedy that otherwise comes up short on all three counts .
As with Spaghetti Westerns and sit-coms , you know they 've jumped the shark when the tone turns to self-mockery .
It 's more cheese than royale .
Morel will inevitably be compared to John Woo , whom he trounces . He has fewer mannerisms and a keener eye ; his fastest , most kinetic shots flow together like frames in a flipbook .
You 've never seen Travolta like this . Do not consider that to be a compliment .

@highlight

Thought not without its charms -- chief among them John Travolta 's endearingly over-the-top performance -- From Paris with Love is too muddled and disjointed to satisfy .