Unforgettable is a very forgettable movie .
In general the film is somewhat entertaining and has some parts that manage to catch the attention of the viewer ; however , it is not able to match the results obtained in other similar , better made films . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even with stumbles , the film was a fun ride , and Heigl 's crazy-ex foolery is well worth the price of admission .
Why these women are fighting over a man-shaped pair of boring khakis -LRB- Geoff Stults -RRB- is left unchallenged .
By some sort of weird default , UNFORGETTABLE 's title winds up being ironic . I only wish I could forget what I saw .
We 've seen crazier things done in the name of love on the big screen . Ultimately , it 's easier seeing Heigl pine for love than seeing her try to snatch it away from someone .
Be warned , you have no idea how silly it gets along the way .
The best thing about Unforgettable is the inevitable episode of How Did This Get Made that it will inspire .
Unforgettable fell short in more ways than one - despite staring two amazing actresses as lead characters - because it failed to realize most people do n't get to live in a vacuum where their identities do n't affect their lives .
The over-the-top action that ensues is both wildly implausible and utterly predictable . Watched in the right mood , however , and the clash between Dawson 's sympathetic heroine and Heigl 's ` psycho Barbie ' baddie delivers campy , guilty-pleasure fun .
As directed by Denise Di Novi , from a screenplay by Christian Hodson , Unforgettable ca n't even manage to attain the level of superior trash .
It seems like a joke that the final product instead of generating intrigue , the only thing it generates is laughter . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unforgettable 's shallow characterization and ill-conceived resurrection of the offensive `` crazy woman '' trope does all of us a disservice .
Unforgettable is this year 's uninspired erotic thriller , trying to be sexy and mysterious but failing at both , and it continues the sexist stereotypes that plague these films .
Dawson is too good an actress for this film .
` Unforgettable ' is n't .
One of the worst films of 2017 , that has disappointing performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A decidedly underwhelming -LRB- yet somewhat watchable -RRB- thriller ...
Among the less-noted cardinal rules of cinema is that any movie that takes the title Unforgettable will prove to be anything but .
Unforgettable simply fails to deliver in terms of atmosphere and , moreover , the filmmakers fail to develop any sort of subtext from the material that might give weight to the story .
Unforgettable perhaps can be enjoyed if you enter the theater knowing that the bar is automatically set low . That is the only way this movie will have you entertained .
... feels like a run-of-the-mill cable television potboiler about vengeful affluent housewives that 's devoid of subtlety and surprise .
With heavy echoes of trashy thrillers like Fatal Attraction , this movie overcomes its painfully simplistic script with plenty of nasty nuttiness .
... if you are looking for a flick so bad it 's good , this one takes itself far too seriously , and frankly it 's just dull and preposterous .
Hitchcock himself could n't have pulled this schlock off .
The shame is that Rosario Dawson gives an earnest , sympathetic , even moving performance as the victimized character . In contrast , none of her castmates seem authentic .
Heigl works overtime to humanize the resentful mom-her face is like an old-fashioned cash register with the prices popping up-but she 's more fun to watch as the story grows ugly and violent , and she unleashes the demon within .
Is the motion picture Unforgettable trash ? Well , yes . But is it the kind of trash you 'll have a hell of a time watching at the movie theater ? Absolutely .
The dithering and gaslighting and poor communication make me impatient .
It 's hardly in the league of the leading psycho classic such as Fatal Attraction for example , but there is still plenty of absurdity and silliness to warrant a fantastic night at the movies . Just do n't take it seriously and you 'll be good to go .
Heigl and Dawson-and DiNovi-deserve better . So do moviegoers .
There are accidentally bad films and unapologetically bad films . Accidentally bad ones are sometimes sad , often boring . Unapologetically bad ones , however , tend to be neither sad nor boring -- and so it is with Unforgettable .
Flimsy , frustrating - and quite forgettable ...
Sure , Ice Queen is the villain here . She 's the one who 's in the wrong for doin ' ALL THE THINGS she was supposed to do , and her promised man-prize was stolen .
This is deliberately silly and knowing satire and I hope it becomes a camp classic .
At least it has one of the most -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- hilarious endings imaginable , with a coup de gras that has got to be seen to be believed .
Predictable and very familiar suspense thriller we have seen in many other movies from the past but Katherine Heigl is very good playing very bad and nearly redeems this .
`` Unforgettable '' is one of those movies that is almost forgivable on a cold , rainy night with a fire and a glass or two of wine .
It 's not a bad film , it simply does n't offer up anything new in the genre of `` embittered divorcee seeks revenge on innocent new love of ex-husband '' .
Risible , predictable , unintentionally camp , Unforgettable is hilarious but never on purpose , and would almost constitute a good night out .
Stylish , but insipid and increasingly asinine . Hitchcock is rolling in his grave .
This Dawson-Heigl face-off brings a strong female point of view ; a keen eye for makeup , hair and costume ; and a sly sense of humor to the fatal-attraction genre .
Within seconds -- literally seconds -- of Unforgettable it becomes apparent that this is the kind of film that in the late Eighties and Nineties used to be referred to as `` straight to video . ''
About the only redeeming aspect of the entire film is Dawson 's performance .
As close to being objectively , verifiably dreadful as any recent cinema release . ... I 'd watch it again .
Unforgettable does n't deliver on the promise of its title .
With a TV movie vibe and pacing problems throughout , Unforgettable is as languid as it is laughable and should 've gone straight to streaming .
Unforgettable feels like it time-warped in from 1992 . It easily would have been one of the worst pictures of that year , and it 's definitely one of the worst of this year , too .
That Dawson 's reputation somehow survives the ordeal is a testament to her talents , even if Unforgettable is yet another paycheck project unworthy of her effort .
Screenwriter Christina Hodson and first-time director Denise Di Novi are clearly trying to go against the grain here . It 's just a shame that it still feels so routine .
There is n't a single thing about the would-be suspense thriller Unforgettable that is n't idiotic , fake and laughable -- and that includes the title , which paints a fat bull 's - eye at which critics can take aim .
If this were a spoof , it would be a work of genius . Sadly , it 's played straight , a glossy melodrama-cum-thriller of staggering cheesiness and unintentional hilarity .
This attempt at reviving the erotic thriller -LRB- not to mention Katherine Heigl 's career -RRB- is a missed opportunity all around .
A better title for this terrible thriller would have been Unforgivable . Hamstrung by clueless writing and directing , it fails on just about every level , trying to wring thrills by pitting mean characters against dumb ones .
An overtly melodramatic , televisual endeavour that harks back to classic b-movie thrillers of the 90s .
It 's almost COMPLETELY forgettable ! -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Slick , glossy and radiating juicy villainy , it knows exactly what kind of movie it is and goes for it with giddy abandon .
The film is a lot more entertaining when it cranks the histrionics all the way up to 11 . Unfortunately , for the most part it 's less camp , more crap .
I know any mention of Heigl will set off sirens of alarm in some moviegoers , but she 's given little latitude for annoyance here , being largely confined to a single facial expression of steely whack-job malice .
Unforgettable is definitely the wrong title for a movie you want to erase from your memory the second it ends .
It 's so-bad-it 's - quite-good fun that by the time you get to the ridiculous ending you 'll be glad you bothered .
Most of this is well acted , much is well-scripted , but as Tessa 's vindictiveness builds , the film gets overwrought and plain silly .
Here , the dizzying pairing of slice-and-splatter violence with the quiet horror of abusive relationships does n't add up - it 's used , unforgivably , as a gimmick .
The erotic thriller canon is littered with similar stories , and `` Unforgettable '' does n't attempt to reinvent the wheel .
No awards silverware for this . But a bit of fun .
The film is packed full of hilarious so-bad-it 's - good moments . As trashy throwback thrillers go , it 's a surprising amount of fun .
It 's a uniquely feminine kind of villainy , and Di Novi and Heigl understand it implicitly in order to execute it perfectly .
It 's hard to remember a studio movie as unsexy in its mischief this side of ` Fifty Shades of Grey . '
The truly depressing thing about a thriller as undercoocked as Unforgettable is its failure to fly on dark fantasy .
Forgettable .
The only unforgettable elements of a predictable potboiler are the unintentional laughs .
Unforgettable is n't an effective thriller .
The film is so inept , it starts with a teaser of sorts that basically spoils the whole film .
After the screening was over , someone asked me what the name of the film was that I had just seen . As God as my witness , for a moment , I forgot .
Unforgettable is a `` How Not To '' guide for romantic thrillers , passionless and without tension when it comes to the conflict at hand .
Essentially a Lifetime woman-in-peril movie with more gloss and explicit sex and all the clichés one expects of the genre , it 's so ludicrous that audiences will likely be chortling derisively before the first half-hour is over .
It 's woman in jeopardy meets woman on the verge , a reductive brand of thriller from another decade , freshened here only with the addition of a plot element involving Facebook .
With its formulaic story and hackneyed dialogue , all there is to do in between moments of self-aware outrageousness is admire the decor ...
Unforgettable does n't have quite enough story to go around .
Scuppered by a lazy script that fails to effectively build tension , Unforgettable lives up to its name , but not for the right reasons .
Unforgettable is the sort of psychothriller that comes back in ever tattier incarnations , like a wind-tossed scarecrow whose limbs keep falling off .
Despite its usefulness as a 21st Century public service announcement , what Unforgettable ca n't really do is scare , educate or entertain anybody , since it blandly misses both extremes of the thriller genre .
Can such an archaic , catty exercise really exist in 2017 ? Turns out , just like Bill O'Reilly , it can .
Pro tip : do not name your movie ` Unforgettable ' . People , you 're making this much too easy .
For a bad movie , this one is an awful lot of fun .
It 's tawdry `` Sleeping With the Enemy '' - style fun while it lasts , boasting a better cast and splashier production values than the next closest Lifetime movie , while being so ridiculous at times that audiences ca n't help but talk back to the screen .
If only for one particular equestrian center face-off , Heigl and Dawson are reason enough to stick this one out . It 's just hard to shake that they seem to be starring in two different movies .
One day -LRB- very -RRB- soon , folks will be watching it on cable , downing pints of pinot , and groaning at the lurid , eye-popping tactlessness of Unforgettable , which staggers into the minefield of domestic violence like a drunk .
What the film offers is guilty pleasure familiarity - it 's the kind of loopy audience-participation movie that 's made to be both laughed at and with .
Unforgettable is very forgettable .
It 's all glossily camped-up nonsense with an amusingly inappropriate title , but luridly - and ludicrously - entertaining nonetheless .
Heigl takes her icy character 's suitcase full of damaged personality clichés and runs like an Olympian . Framed like a phantom in black shadow and silvery silhouette by Caleb Deschanel , Heigl slices through this silly little universe .
Unforgettable does n't exactly reinvent the psycho ex movie genre , but it 's fun while it lasts .
An unintentionally hilarious thriller about a demented woman seeking revenge on her ex-hubby and his new love .
This forgettable thriller will simply make you remember other , better films .
The film gets there eventually , but one wishes it were n't so timid about embracing the inherent schlockiness of the genre .
Drag queens from around the world will eagerly await their chance to play these roles in the near future , whether on stage or at midnight movie screenings .
Di Novi steadily turns up the heat on a lethal bouillabaisse of sex , domesticity and juicy archetypes - a recipe that 's equal parts Fatal Attraction , Charles Perrault and Nancy Meyers .
Katherine Heigl tears out of the gate with a ferociously understated performance in `` Unforgettable , '' a '' ... from Hell '' thriller that proves to be a little more psychologically complex than initially meets the eye .
The effed-up scenarios of this could-be erotic thriller are right there to be exploited , but instead they register with as much depth as a shrug emoji .
Surely this is n't the finest film to be made from this heavily recycled concept , but the endeavor does just fine with the basics in provocation and helplessness , making more of an effort than this type of movie usually receives .
Nicely photographed , speedily paced , `` Unforgettable '' is a completely average movie . But there 's a wonderful bad movie inside it , struggling to get out .
That `` Unforgettable '' is watchable , at least before it disintegrates into generic violence near the end , is due to the touches of wit in the directing , and to the two lead performances .
Forgettable .
Whatever its problems , it 's fun that the Hated Heigl gives up her `` America 's Sweetheart '' dream and wears her resting bitch face with pride .
Heigl remains committed all the way to the ludicrous end , and her unhinged villainy is all the movie really has going for it .

@highlight

Unforgettable 's talented cast makes this domestic thriller consistently watchable , even if its failure to fully embrace its premise 's campy possibilities prevents it from living up to its title .