Tuck Everlasting is a beautifully told fable with a kind of Halloween twist .
Lovely version of the favorite middle-school book .
A really good and thought provoking film on life and true romance .
The entire production bears a certain medicinal scent ; it may be good for you , but it 's not exactly tasty .
There is no life in the story , and what could be a thoughtful rumination on mortality offers only pat Disneyfied lessons .
Lambent , wholesome youth film , nothing short of magical , wherein a cosseted , cloistered lass escapes from her perennial confines of parental stuffiness .
A great-looking film with beautiful scenery and some fine actors , but it lacks a good third act .
With much to be enchanted by while you 're watching and some worthwhile questions to think about afterwards , Tuck Everlasting is rewarding old-fashioned entertainment .
Attractively filmed and pleasantly conceived , it ventures too far into sentimentality , and not far enough into its fascinating life versus immortality subject matter .
At one point , Winnie says to Jesse that she ` wishes this moment could last forever . ' I thought the movie was going to last forever .
Despite its sad feel , and the fact that it drags almost to a standstill in the middle , it 's quite beautiful visually and features fine performances by Bledel , Jackson , and the others .
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
Sure to make teenage girls giddy , their mom 's cry and their father 's smile .
-LSB- The kind of -RSB- story that stays with kids , becomes more meaningful to them as grownups .
`` Tuck Everlasting '' is a rare thing : not only a family film but a film about a young woman .
Do n't be put off by people who may tell you this is a children 's story . There are universal themes here that are not limited by age .
... the film itself kind of lags behind on the same dirt trails over and over again , looking around at all the pretty sights without actually going towards them to investigate .
There is a moment in the film when the narrator states that sometimes an hour can seem to last forever - how right she wazzzzzzzzzzz ...
As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
Those with the patience to submit to its low-energy charms may find their time well spent .
Any movie that signals the menace of a potential lynching by zooming its camera through the loop of a gallows noose can not claim subtlety , but director Jay Russell never lets the swirling emotions of Tuck become too drippy .
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
Bledel and Jonathan Jackson 's gorge-side canoodling drifts dangerously close to Blue Lagoon territory .
A poignant story with some worthwhile themes .
The movie overcomes its weaknesses with heart and style .
A successful merger of the whimsical and the weird .
The film is very faithful to Natalie Babbitt 's novel , which is surprisingly dark ... it does n't shy away from complicated issues .
It 's a charming story .
A warm and poetic movie that teaches kids about death -- and more importantly , about living .
The combined talent helps raise Tuck Everlasting to the realm of quality children 's entertainment .
While thought-provoking , the film does little more than dip a toe into the idea of what it means to truly live a life
Sweet but stodgy .
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
Open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
The film casts a spell that 's hard to resist , and in the end has much to tell us -- however old we may be -- about life and death .
As Winnie , Gilmore Girl Alexis Bledel shines .
As Winnie , Bledel does an excellent job capturing the longing of a teen on the verge of adulthood .
Ineptly crunched film version of Natalie Babbitt 's acclaimed 1975 children 's book .
The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
Focuses on another never-ending thing that you just ca n't kill -LRB- as much as you 'd like to -RRB- -- insipid teen romance .
This adaptation of Natalie Babbitt 's 1975 novel deals with some fairly heavy topics , and does so with unusual sensitivity .
It does n't have much weight to it , but its airy sweetness is what makes it endearing .
A wonderful , wholesome and , best of all , intelligent piece of entertainment that will appeal to all ages .
All in all , this is an interesting philosophical conundrum entertainingly presented . Unfortunately , the whole thing is rather depressing .
Feels curiously flat and seems much too artificial .
It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
There has to be a few advantages to never growing old . Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
Elegant , moving and gorgeously shot film adaptation of a classic children 's tale is resonant , engaging entertainment for all ages .
Let 's leave love and death to Woody Allen . ` Cuz in the hands of Mickey Mouse , it 's nothing but trouble .
... this Disney-fied treatment overwhelmingly favors the sunny summer paradise side of the equation .
There 's no reason it could n't have been infused with real feeling , instead of just a nice , tidy lesson about the continuity of life and the painfulness of growing up .
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
Tends to plod .
Solid family entertainment , a handsomely crafted and well-acted new film version of Natalie Babbitt 's classic 1975 children 's book .
Kingsley as the menacing man in the yellow suit , brings the picture pungently to life every time he flashes his enigmatic smile .
I enjoyed the performance from Alexis Bledel as Winnie Foster ; she was probably the best thing about this one .
It earns the overused compliment ` instant classic . '
Usually when I get this much syrup , I like pancakes to go with it .
A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .
Together with this spring 's The Rookie , Tuck Everlasting represents Walt Disney Pictures ' best work in years .
The picture comes off as a decently made and thought-provoking little effort .
The movie is technically imperfect , but the tale it weaves is movie magic .
Beautifully shot and scored , and its pensive pace is a throwback to Disney 's past .
The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
Tuck Everlasting '' is a kind , warm and emotional film
The movie addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
Its mythic characters feel like genuine , hurting human beings .
Contrary to its title , Tuck is unaffecting and completely forgettable .
The story will win audiences over , but the underperforming lead actors might test their patience .
An effective , well-made film that will certainly please its target audience of preteen girls .
Targets an audience of girls in their early teens , but has been made with such skill and sensitivity that its appeal spans generations .
A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
a pleasant , picturesque and mildly thought-provoking experience that 's nicely played by the entire cast ...
Fortunately , we are distracted by the gorgeous production design and excellent performances , with Bledel evoking a timelessness that is perfectly attuned to the film .
Smart , curious and brave , Tuck Everlasting is much like its teenage heroine , Winnie .
A cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
A wise and beautiful poem to the idea that the fundamental human tragedy is not death , but the unlived life .
It 's handsomely shot , acted with fervor and reasonably subtle in delivering its message .
Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
Solid family fare .
Gaping plot holes and substandard performances from a typically reliable adult cast prevent Tuck from reaching even half of its potential .
... one of those adolescent romances that 's just this side of creepy .
Life is far too short for bad movies !
Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
The rarest of adaptations : In many ways , it actually improves upon the book .
Russell ... treats the story with such solemnity and reverence that the picture seems an embalming rather than a realization ... earnest but earthbound .
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
Just adorable .
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
Bledel 's is a great , star-making performance , wonderfully aided by the sunbathed work of director Jay Russell and cinematographer James L. Carter .
The relationship between Jackson and Beldel lacks any chemistry .
... If you can suspend your cynicism , you might find it pleasantly cockle-warming .
Perfect for its target audience of swoony preteens .
One of the best movies of the year , an exquisite , pitch-perfect fantasy with a heart of gold .
Handsomely filmed and beautifully scored ... -LSB- it -RSB- will likely leave a smile in your heart and perhaps a tear or two on your cheek .
Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
Disney 's tradition of intelligent , live-action family period cinema is magnificently revived in Tuck Everlasting .
Even at 90 minutes , the tottering Tuck sure feels everlasting .
Disney has made a lovely film version of the book that is a perennial middle-school favorite .
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
Its parts are infinitely better than its whole .











@highlight

Though slow-moving , Tuck Everlasting raises big issues and explores them with sensitivity .