The complicated nature of the lingering effects of abuse is one that rarely is explored on screen , but it remains a vital part of the conversation .
Disturbing and distinctly pre - #MetToo in its creepy engagement with the sexual abuse subject matter
The two actors ' timing is marvelous . They salvage the force of the play 's splintered dialogue .
This is a necessary , albeit uncomfortable watch with harrowing performances .
-LSB- Rooney -RSB- Mara , always a very contained actor , emphasises the edgily unpredictable in Una .
To a large extent , what makes `` Una '' flawed is the director 's attempt to make the theatrical original seem more cinematic .
There 's a strange absence of conviction to Una .
Mara and Mendelsohn are able to provide layers to the troubling past and present of their characters that , in the wrong hands , could have resulted in an irredeemable piece of creepy trash
The lingering question posed is whether or not Ray is a good man who suffered a lapse in judgement . If you believe Ray for even a split second , and the film is good enough to make you believe him , you 've had a peek at the way this kind of predation works .
The film 's main sin is that it simplifies a victim 's psyche to a straightforward `` I love him/I hate him '' quandary .
-LSB- Rooney Mara 's -RSB- completely compelling .
Thanks to Rooney 's iffy British accent , murkily recorded voices , and the wasted talents -LRB- and subplots -RRB- of the supporting players , it 's harder than ever to deduce the tale 's real intentions .
Those of you who think television has monopoly on thought-provoking , quality adult drama should check out Benedict Andrews ' cinematic debut .
Una is a thrilling , miniaturized cat-and-mouse game that stands almost extra pertinent in today 's discussions .
Despite ca n't - look-away performances from its leads and scenes that will linger long after the lights go up , the film is ultimately unsuccessful in making a real connection .
This is a film that could easily divide opinion along gender lines . What everyone will agree on is that it raises troubling but important questions .
These are not easy people to understand , nor to watch unravel , but they are urgent , complicated , captivating characters .
Rooney Mara simmers in this taut , beautifully composed drama .
It does n't shy away from the power dynamics at play .
Diving right into brutal , ugly subject matter , `` Una '' is tough to watch but worth it .
Although the direction sometimes is overwrought , the result has a raw intensity in its character-driven moments that 's both powerful and unsettling .
Writer David Harrower and director Benedict Andrews treat the material as circumspectly as possible , but their approach does n't prevent the film from losing a tremendous amount of steam after its first act .
An intense and harrowing account of a victim of sexual abuse .
If anything , Andrews ' Una is directly confrontational toward men .
Too much of this dialogue-driven theatrical piece is whispered .
The film 's most stylistic gestures all feel like transparent attempts to disguise the blatant , inherent theatricality .
The film is meant to be a negotiation of what that long-ago relationship was , and it is that . But in our reality of pervasive sexual iniquity , it also feels an awful lot like a litany of self-serving excuses for pedophilic behavior .
Great actors Ben Mendelsohn and Rooney Mara do their best to elevate the frustrating Una , but their director does n't seem to understand what he has in these two performers .
Una 's raw , deeply discomfiting dance between obsession and exploitation is n't easy to watch by any metric ; they make it hard to look away .
Una is an uncomfortable , at times deeply unpleasant , but always thoroughly captivating experience .
Una is an inquiry into the complicated bond between a predator and his prey . Yet Harrower does not play monsters and victims .
-LSB- Ms. Mara and Mr. Mendelsohn 's -RSB- performances are tightly focused and unflinching ; too bad they are surrounded by a lot of heavy-handed , poorly aimed cinematic showing off .
Mara and this story both deserve better .
Una is n't ultimately a strong enough film to do justice to its incredibly disturbing subject matter .
Be warned : the film -- perhaps unsurprisingly -- is heading somewhere pretty dark , but you ca n't fail to be impressed by this cleverly constructed and brilliantly acted piece .
The film gives Una a little more agency , but director Benedict Andrews often invalidates such empowerment .
What gives Una its unnerving tension is not just the skill of these two performers locked together in their unsettling combat , but the realization that no matter what she ends up doing to him , it wo n't fix what has already nearly destroyed her .
They just about make it work .
Despite a distracting British accent , -LSB- actress Rooney -RSB- Mara is stunning ; brilliantly broken but trying to force her pieces back together .
For all its rawness , one senses a timidity in the material .
This tense and occasionally interesting drama never quite manages to escape its theatrical origins , but -LSB- Ben -RSB- Mendelsohn and -LSB- Rooney -RSB- Mara bring the story to life .
Mara 's English accent can be distracting , but we can feel a maelstrom of emotions raging inside this troubled young woman .
Outstanding central performances from Rooney Mara and Ben Mendelsohn ca n't quite ease the tricky transition from stage to screen of this uncomfortable drama by David Harrower .
It 's a shame , then , that the ancillary characters merely amplify holes in the plot in which virtually no one seems to be alert to what is going on around them : gathering ambiguity onstage has been replaced by the merely illogical .
At times , it is so shockingly intense that it has the power to rip to tatters in an instant as it rattles with frayed nerves , hairline cracks that gradually expand under the pressure until they finally shatter .
Rooney gives a forceful performance while Mendelsohn is creepily plausible as a man who seems both predatory and sincere in his feelings for the younger Una .
It 's a tough watch , but the leads ' scorching performances makes the effort worthwhile .
It 's a tough , deeply uncomfortable watch but an incredibly compelling film .
A film not for everyone , and guaranteed to inspire praise and consternation , but recommended for those who like their cinema uncompromising .
Dramatically flat and stilted , its contentious subject matter has been rendered frustratingly banal by unconvincing subplots , shakily handled reveals and stylistic flourishes that undercut the performances of its top-tier cast .
Una is a sparse , icy film fighting a little too hard against the fact that it used to be a play - Blackbird , by the Scottish playwright David Harrower .
It 's 90 minutes of uncomfortably shifting in your chair ... But it is also compelling , up to a point , and your responses will be so complicated that you wo n't know where to start unpicking them . Or how .
It 's a film to see for the performances , which are faultless , but while it 's sometimes riveting this play has been awkwardly translated to screen .
Una makes queasy and uncomfortable viewing .
It 's a movie with a hum of disquiet .
As a film ` Una ' suffers from the need to open out the story for the screen : it 's loaded with flashbacks and new characters , unnecessary side business .
Una 's ambivalence over her own abuse is upsetting , but rather than attempting to condemn the relationship from the outside , the film merely allows the complexity of Una 's trauma to speak for itself .
Incendiary storytelling with nuanced performances , but the transition from stage to screen lacks focus .
However good the cast is , there 's no shaking the distinct impression that all these brilliant actors could be better served in a more interesting film -- or , at least , one without the drastic pacing problem in Una .
This thought-provoking and emotionally volatile story is anchored by three world-class performances .
Rooney Mara and Ben Mendelsohn wrestle with the slippery semantics of sexual abuse in this muscular film adaptation of David Harrower 's acclaimed stage play Blackbird .
Una is an extraordinarily uncomfortable film , a challenging showcase of powerful performances that linger .
It 's an accomplished debut from Andrews . He 's greatly assisted on the technical side by cinematographer Thimios Bakatakis 's fine photography and by the intricate editing of Nick Fenton that glides between the disturbing past and the distressing present .
This minimalist , Surrey-shot piece has moments where you can sense how it might have looked and felt in the theatre -- but it never feels stagey or talky . That 's entirely to do with the performances by Rooney Mara and Ben Mendelsohn .
There 's no denying this is uncomfortable , claustrophobic viewing , as it should be . But for all the film 's efforts to transport the story from stage to screen , there 's still something inescapably stagey and static about Una .
Benedict Andrews is famous for his brilliant stage metaphors - in his German production of -LSB- the source play -RSB- , Ray spilled water then desperately tried to mop it up - but his film is very , very literal , -LSB- showing -RSB- us enough to stop us imagining the worst .
Uncompromising , unforgettable stuff .
Una broaches the volatile subjects of paedophilia and the reintegration of sex offenders in compelling fashion , thanks to excellent performances from Mara and Mendelsohn .
What Mara and Mendelsohn share as actors is an intensity that can warp a scene 's direction as if amending the emotional gravity between their characters . It happens repeatedly here .
For all of its stylistic assurance , casting might be Una 's strongest asset .
Director Benedict Andrews and writer David Harrower create an all round uncomfortable viewing experience with `` Una . '' Wrestling with the subject of statutory rape and the ambivalent agency of a girl on the edge of womanhood .
The ebb and flow of power throughout this film is part of its brilliant dynamic .
his is not quite a revenge fantasy , nor a paean to healing ; what unfolds in the meeting is nonetheless gripping .
What could have been a sensationalist ripped-from-the-headlines expose of a disturbing relationship is handled tensely , but sensitively .
Taut , but not formfitting , Andrews ' Una raises a ton of legitimate questions , even if the answers it provides fall on deaf ears .
This is a hard , difficult movie . But it 's vital .
These two have a genuine fission in their interplay that makes it all feel dangerous .
Mara and Mendelsohn skillfully bring these characters to shattering , heartbreaking life .
Una is a flawed drama , but a provocative , disquieting one that will certainly stay with you long after seeing it .
An oppressive , slow-burning drama that loses something in translation but is carried on the shoulders of intense , committed performances from Rooney Mara and Ben Mendelsohn .
Una really wants to make you interrogate some of your deeply held beliefs about the subject matter . And that 's going to be tough to stomach for just about anyone .
Anchored by two exhilarating performances from Rooney Mara and Ben Mendelsohn , the film is also harsh , moving , and extraordinarily riveting .
Rooney 's terrific .
An agile , vicious piece of work that 's anchored by extraordinary performances from Rooney Mara and Ben Mendelsohn , `` Una '' maintains its grip even when swinging a bit too hard for the fences .
Every time the film could go for the expected , it turns on a dime . Not all of these twists work , but it keeps us on our toes , which makes the situation feel real because it 's working against what we want to happen .
There is something fantastic about a movie that can make people inherently uncomfortable without resorting to torture porn aesthetics or blatant sexual perversion .
Una is a character and a story that fails to engage and the argument for its existence as a film is a sadly unsuccessful one .
Ben Mendelsohn and Rooney Mara play a pedophile and his target in this edgy adaptation of the David Harrower play .
The film has a different though no less riveting intensity , thanks to Rooney Mara 's emotionally naked performance in the title role , and unflinching support from Ben Mendelsohn .
The play has been superbly opened out , and the prowling cinematography of Thimios Bakatakis -LRB- Attenberg , The Lobster -RRB- and Fiona Crombie 's cheerless sets combine to sustain an oppressive mood throughout .

@highlight

Una 's well-matched leads bring an uncomfortable story fearlessly to life , keeping the movie consistently gripping as it navigates the tricky journey from stage to screen .