It 's deeply heartfelt and affecting , filmed with a nervy camera style that lends a vivid immediacy to the action .
full review in Greek
Much too didactic , obvious and simple-minded in its action story involving a radical act .
What is interesting to watch are the unexpected turns that occur when a jilted lover , a kidnapped rich capitalist and a pair of new lovers are cooped up in an isolated chalet .
Plays out like an ambivalent political tract , full of dissatisfaction but no conclusions .
Although The Edukators , directed by Hans Weingartner , is a German-language film , it is set in a global village where all politics are local .
This supposedly progressive movie unintentionally delivers a sexist message as old as the garden of Eden : Do n't let a woman get involved , because she 'll mess things up .
Captures the frustration of those who sense something deeply dysfunctional in the political and economic status quo but feel impotent do anything about it .
Unless you 're the sort who has a Che Guevara T-shirt tucked away somewhere in your closet , the needlessly long The Edukators wears out its welcome .
The situations feel real , the injustices believable and the human frailty is all too recognizable .
Intelligent , entertaining and , yes , educational as it looks at the nature of political activism now and then .
The romantic triangle at the heart of the story is n't particularly suspenseful , and the all-important politics unfortunately feel facile at best .
Like its protagonists , it means well , but gets mixed up . Too easily .
It ends interestingly , but it would 've ended better , and played better , had it been half an hour shorter .
There 's too much ` growing , ' too much ` sharing ' and way too much dialogue that 's straight out of a freshman poli-sci class .
Sticking it to the man , German-style , is the subject of this smart , kicky little gem that owes as much to Guy Debord and the Situationists of yore .
The Edukators makes clear that everyone plays by rules they did n't make , then excuses themselves for not changing the world .
A kinder , gentler Fight Club ...
If you can look beyond the simple-minded Socratic political discourse , The Edukators reveals itself as warm , humane and sad .
The shifting dynamics in the group keep the story interesting .
Opts for a bland middle road ... a mixture that comes across as rather a cop-out .
The Edukators takes an eternity to get past the setup and on to the main conflict .
The surprise ending is gimmicky , but the character study is consistently enthralling . The Edukators is educational-not intellectually , but emotionally .
Sublimely funny , surprisingly warm-hearted little story about the war between the idealistic young people and the conservative rich folks .
The degree to which one sympathizes with the movie 's protagonists may depend upon the age of the viewer
With greater critical distance on the filmmaker 's part , and a disciplined use of the editing scissors , it might have been something substantial .
Ambitious but ultimately lackluster drama about the conflict between extremist politics and selfish human nature .
The whole thing feels messy , painful , funny and believable , just like that hideous circus known as real life .
Weingartner proves too ready to pat his inner rebels on their backs ... -LSB- but asks -RSB- provocative questions about liberal revolt ... and the effect of age on ideology .
There 's an evenhanded humanism flowing through ` The Edukators that may strike doctrinaire viewers on either side of the divide as mushy , but it 's tough enough for the rest of us to chew on for a long time .
For a film that points out so much wrong with German society and shows such dubious , dangerous behavior , it leaves the audience with high spirits and a sense of crazy exhilaration .
It 's a rare film that gets smarter as it goes along ...
It makes its statements on right versus wrong , strong versus weak and capitalism versus democracy without preaching and in an often wryly-amusing , satiric way .
It 's as if the Symbionese Liberation Army had nabbed one of The Big Chill 's weekenders .
A deft , entertaining story that mixes menace with charm and satire with seriousness .
This year 's most articulate statement on film about the current disillusion with politics among young people everywhere in the Western world .
Starts strong , with an ingratiatingly anarchic vibe , but quickly devolves into a hectoring socialist lecture : a cinematic version of Kenner 's My First Revolution playset .
A mixed bag of style and ethics fluidly formed into an entertaining and thought-provoking whole .
Completely devoid of the usual humor that goes along with such a film , The Edukators is n't quite funny and is n't quite sad , and unhappily , not quite believable .
American movies do n't have the capacity for such delicacy -- nor can they easily present their characters and situations as impartially as this one does .
Light on action and heavy on didactic dialogue .
A sweet , funny and gripping romantic adventure , it 's about the limitations of political activism in this day and age , and what happens when your girlfriend and your best friend fall in love .
Ambling drama shows an exasperating lack of economy and a weakness for diatribe dialogue , but becomes progressively more involving after a laborious start .
For a movie that cautions against the crass commercialization of countercultural iconography , The Edukators seems far less interested in changing the world than in printing up some really cool T-shirts .
The film is less a bohemian thrill ride than a slow lecture .
The first film to anatomize the contradictions of the rage-against-the-machine generation .
Weingartner 's movie is never quite as keen-edged as it hopes or needs to be .
The dialogue between the captive and the captors gets a little didactic , and the ending is as contrived as it is cynical .
While The Edukators often suffers from static pacing , it never completely stalls , as Weingartner brings this engaging , thankfully dogma-lite film to a satisfying close .
While openly acknowledging the failures of the past , Weingartner and cowriter Katharina Held hold out hope , even in an age when rebellion itself has become a cheap commodity .
Director and co-writer Hans Weingartner provides a witty , genre-busting script for a talented cast .
Three young Berliners frustrated at the iniquities of global capitalism cross the line that separates provocation and protest from serious crime .
This German thriller may be one of the year 's most compelling hybrids - a left-wing film noir .
Sensitive , natural performances from a perfectly chosen cast and gripping handheld camerawork make this cinematic manifesto worth following .
too sweet-natured and , at 126 minutes , too desultory for its own good
A thought-provoking drama about money , power and the heated-up war against the winning class .
Successfully dramatizes questions that are n't often asked out loud in a culture where irony is king .
Shot on shoddy , harsh-lit DV , The Edukators casts Hardenberg as the avuncular voice of reason , his fat-cat complacency the destination point of a rational adulthood .
The dramatic edge this film develops comes from the rather wonderfully conveyed discovery of mutual attraction .
A well-meaning but direly protracted German/Austrian trifle .
Politically charged yet immensely funny and enjoyable .
Bruhl is as good here as he was in Goodbye Lenin and there 's chemistry between all three characters , so you really believe in their complicated relationship .
it is youth , in all its contrariness , folly and passion , that The Edukators ultimately celebrates .
The attractive cast also deliver very likeable performances , which convey the pleasure their idealistic characters derive from their militancy without ignoring the contradictions within their naive world-views .
Its anti-capitalist rhetoric does n't always agree and sometimes its soundtrack is just too on-the-ball not to be a damn distraction but it 's incredibly entertaining .
The Edukators manages to combine political discourse , a love-triangle and a hostage plot without sacrificing its graceful humour
Die fetten Jahre sind vorbei is an incredibly energetic , brave and ultimately winning feature .
There 's such an important theme behind this gripping thriller that you can forgive the filmmaker for dragging it out a bit too long .
The film has a jaunty and intelligent wit , while the performances of the trio -LRB- Daniel Bruehl , Julia Jentsch and Stipe Erceg -RRB- are neatly nuanced and full of youthful bravado and swagger .







@highlight

The Edukators engagingly plays out the clash between youthful idealism and older pragmaticism .