Framed by pretty banal animation , the film as a whole reflects a rather limited vision of womanhood , with three shorts focused solely on mothers . That XX proves patchy is a disappointment , particularly as it is a noble project .
At the end of the day XX remains a curiosity for any lover of horror ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just like men have been given the chance to tell a wide range of stories , women should n't be confined to one kind of narrative - and in XX , they are n't . That 's what makes it so skin-crawlingly fun .
It 's pretty by the numbers .
If you 're looking for a way to put a spark into a cold night , XX will hit the spot .
It 's a pleasure to meet with this kind of works , where a group of women use their talent in a genre that continues to be erroneously associated with leading men , which shows us that diversity is necessary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Absolutely anyone who prefers the unsettling creep of dread to predictable jump scares will enjoy this one .
All these films are glued together by creepy stop-motion animation interstitial sequences by Mexican stop-motion animator Sofia Carrillo , which might be the element most likely to induce nightmares .
Some of the writing was uneven , but the direction of all four pieces in XX was competent , and the acting impressive was throughout . I really enjoyed the interstitial animated pieces by Sofia Carrilo .
The four narratives ... achieve varying levels of black comedy and terror with an emphasis on women 's issues .
The end result is a film that arrives with undeniably noble intentions but which sadly falls apart when it comes to execution .
... something refreshing and new to say about the genre .
XX is a horror film that should inspire real discussion and real scares , and that 's an accomplishment .
Two out of four is not a bad average , particularly when the half in question are n't pestiferous enough to warrant a ruckus . Fans of this sort of thing wo n't go hungry .
As is generally the case with horror anthologies , XX suffers from a wildly uneven feel that ultimately renders its positive attributes moot ...
`` XX '' is laudable , making a necessary push to pursue the female experience not only in horror , but moviemaking in general , showcasing some incredible talent , though not always the sharpest storytelling .
A trim , evenly-paced 80 minutes , XX is one of the more consistent contemporary horror anthologies .
An eerie , effective mix .
Watching XX feels like falling into slippery nightmares , the kind that seem almost sweet as the daylight is breaking , yet leave you feeling shaken and unsure ...
Though some viewers may find `` XX '' lacking in scares , it 's a horror anthology filled with substance and a ton of talent behind it .
If XX is trying to make some sort of statement , it 's not doing so with much clarity or power .
It ultimately does n't matter who contributed to `` XX '' ; the important thing is they 're all winners , which makes the case for diversity even stronger .
The end result is an unfortunate misfire , and since it 's an anthology , it 's a misfire multiple times over .
My anger that women filmmakers doing a horror anthology is seen as a novelty almost overshadows my disappointment that these short films are n't very scary .
The feminine perspectives of `` XX '' create for powerfully compelling and original horror tales that operate within the genre while testing the boundaries of traditional storytelling and style
Solidly consistent . I may have favorites but there 's not a dud in the bunch .
XX is imperfect , sure , but it 's also rich , interesting , and rife with surprisingly fresh perspectives on the genre .
XX plays with and pushes back against certain tropes at its very best , yet never truly breaks much new ground .
A first of its kind in a male-dominated genre , these four short films are signed , sealed and delivered as a form of empowerment .
As horror anthologies go , a .500 batting average is n't bad and it would be nice to see XX , like similar projects , inspire sequels that shine a spotlight on even more female directors .
The results offer a collective shiver -LRB- not a lot of shrieks here -RRB- for those in the mood for sprightly , short-form misfortune .
An entertaining collection of short films loosely strung together by stop-motion animation from Sofia Carillo , whose Victorian aesthetic does n't carry over into the work it 's connecting .
The only real question is whether the shorts themselves succeed , and more do than do n't .
XX is a mundane horror anthology at best , and a slow-burn experience that never reaches a boil at its worst .
Even at their least individually striking , each of these mismatched tasters stirs an appetite for a fuller , meatier meal from its maker - cooked as bloodily rare as possible , please .
XX does many somethings right , whether it 's dazzling us with striking visual aesthetics , gripping us by the throat , or cutting through to the centers of our humanity .
While the concept is strong , the films are middling , only the last , Karyn Kusama 's -LRB- `` The Invitation '' -RRB- , delivering a punch .
`` Her Only Living Son '' is the best of the four parts of `` XX '' and is the most entertaining , leaving the viewer in on the joke .
These shorts follow female protagonists as they wrestle with exclusion and implicit social standards that may or may not extend to their male counterparts .
Wrapped in Sofia Carrillo 's whimsical stop-motion animation , heavy in embroidery and little talisman objects that come to life , the four shorts traverse the spectrum of `` horror . ''
Were the superior tales bookending the weaker sections , perhaps it would n't have called as much attention to itself . As is , only the wickedly good opening 40 minutes of `` XX '' are worth the viewers ' while .
The good outweighs the bad overall , and there 's a great deal of fiendish creativity on display .
I 'm ready for a second installment .
It 's great that these women were able to showcase their talents but it was more of an appetizer than a full meal . If you love the VHS series , then you 'll probably have fun with this ; just do n't expect it to keep you up at night .
Of the four stories , only one of them really works . The others range from mediocre to bad .
I 'm so glad these women were able to come together to create an anthology that stands out from many of its recent peers .
The same could be said of XX at large ; most -LSB- of the shorts -RSB- have some interesting ideas , but none of them stand out in any kind of lingering way .
A wonderful idea that simply does not result in a wonderful film .
An anthology devoid of much in the way of genuine creepiness .
It 's at turns terrifying , hilarious , and uneven , but succeeds in doing its most important job : showing off a range of distinct directorial voices .
While it 's uneven as these combos invariably are , genre enthusiasts looking for a female spin will want to check it out .
All four segments have something worth recommending , and one is a terrifically creepy success .
It 's nice to see this kind of variation-unsettling , goofy , aggressive , redemptive-present inside a single collection .
That rare anthology film that does n't have a weak link .

@highlight

XX 's array of distinct female filmmaking voices -- and the empowerment their collection represents -- offer enough thrills to make up for the overall uneven quality that plagues most anthology projects .