... I must say that I doubt I 'd like the film as much had it not been Christmas and just a plain ole good family flick to see with my mom .
-LSB- It -RSB- is all about the family 's altruism and turns a blind eye to silent Michael , with father Sean offering up the excuse : `` Michael 's gift is his ability to forget . '' I 'm not convinced but that did n't stop me from enjoying the film and admiring Bullock .
The movie is done with crispness , vigor , down-home humor , and an over-all tang of good feeling , but the pushing of buttons is the work of extraordinary calculation .
The movie is very familiar -- you 've seen it all before -- but it succeeds at achieving its modest goals .
As a fable about the power of giving , it hits pretty hard .
It 's certainly a heartwarming tale and Bullock delivers a big , ballsy performance as the indomitable Tuohy - but Oscar-worthy ? What were they thinking ?
Serves its purpose by making the audience tear up in some moments and cheer in others . It 's a total button-pusher , but it does so in a very good way .
Football may the thread that runs throughout , but the movie is much more interested in the tale of how Oher left behind a life of poverty , violence and foster-home despair to become a champ on the gridiron .
A living tribute to fundamental Christian motivations , although the point is hammered home with an extraordinarily soft touch : Love thy neighbor .
You 're going to be crying by the end .
The Blind Side , which has reportedly made close to 200 million dollars , is based on a true story -LRB- the operative word is `` based , '' of course -RRB- .
Sing it together with me my brothers , thank the Lawd for he created the white man that he might teach them po ' negroes the value of good Christian chariddy .
While The Blind Side constantly threatens to deteriorate into sentimental saccharine , it never does . Bullock 's accent grates at first , but she bonds well with McGraw
The Blind Side 's heart is in the right place -- how could it not be , it 's got so much to go around -- but that 's about all that is . There 's a good story in there , one that 's probably worth experiencing , but load up on insulin before you go .
A nice-as-pie story that lacks any real tension or drama and threatens repeatedly to veer into sappy territory , yet somehow , just through foolhardy `` goodness '' , manages to be consistently enjoyable -LRB- if a little slight -RRB- for its two hours .
Generally enjoyable , but it is n't until the credits roll that you 'll realize what a major sentimental impact it has on you .
Although based in reality , John Lee Hancock 's tale never seems more than just a more serious version of TV 's Different Strokes or Webster .
It often feels like a Republican curative for Precious .
Sports movie carefully sidesteps the issue of race and stereotypes
Una cinta amena , sencilla de digerir y apta para toda la familia , una fábula de la vida real de las que pocas veces suceden y cuando lo hacen , son dignas de llevarlas a la pantalla .
It 's guaranteed to make you feel all fuzzy and warm inside and the saintly Bullock makes up for the disastrous -LRB- and Razzie award-winning -RRB- All About Steve .
Zanatski korektno djelce u kojem poku % u0161aji da se filmu pred kraj `` napumpa '' drama nisu previ % u0161e uvjerljivi
The Blind Side wears its heart on its shoulder padding for the entire 128 minutes and eventually , the wholesomeness of the characters , pulling together for a common cause , wins us over .
Some will find it overly sentimental but it does succeed in pulling at the heartstrings - and Sandy proves she really can act .
A Photoshopped image of reality that is bland , parochial , and stereotypically acted by a cast who have nothing like the subtlety and range of Trey Parker 's puppets from Team America : World Police .
Enjoyable , mass-market crowd pleaser that allowed Sandra Bullock to win an honorable Best Actress Oscar as the Republican spitfire who takes up the cause of a homeless teenager who just so happens to also be an outstanding left tackle .
Bullock turns in a terrific , ball-breaking performance . Unfortunately , the rest of the film is painfully patronising .
You have to keep reminding yourself that The Blind Side is based on real events . It seems much more like a cannily concocted , sugar-coated fairytale designed to inspire and uplift .
Here is a movie that honours a downtrodden financial , racial and political minority : rich , white southern Republicans who carry guns and are n't afraid to threaten black people with them .
Shows that America , for all its loudhailed Christianity , does n't really need God at all . It just needs Sandra Bullock and her like .
It 's all a bit too pat and convenient , and sadly , a little bit racist .
A few momentary hiccups aside , the film plays out in sickly-sweet fashion , relentlessly shoving the Touhy 's self-righteous values down the audiences ' throat and never bothering to consider the wider social ramifications ...
Oher 's miserable start in life should n't have happened , but it did -- and The Blind Side is a film that should n't work , but does .
It 's clumsy , obvious film-making but then if you buy into it , well , it 's kind of lovably basic in its emotional button pushing .
It 's a celluloid version of Paul McCartney and Stevie 's Wonder 's Ebony and Ivory , one in which pious , infantilizing didacticism masquerades as humanitarianism .
You will be moved , but at the price of any nuance or complexity .
Quite how Sandra Bullock deserved an Oscar for her one-note turn as bleached supermum Leigh-Anne is a mystery , since it transforms a potentially worthwhile character study into a grandstanding star vehicle .
There are several good scenes , even if you can spot the Oscar / trailer clips a mile away , such as when one of Leigh Anne 's stuck-up friends remarks `` You 're changing that boy 's life '' and she replies , `` Nope . He 's changing mine . ''
Bullock has pulled a blinder herself . It 's a doughty performance , and worth singling out .
The movie 's obsessed with the Tuohy clan 's constant kindness towards Mike , and the social knock-on effects for them . But it barely gives a second thought to the poor sod 's own struggle with suddenly finding himself a charity case .
Bullock is certainly likable , but the fact that her performance -LRB- let alone the movie itself -RRB- is considered Oscar-worthy is ludicrous .
It does the crowd-pleasing act almost perfectly .
With far less potential than Precious , superior production values and the willingness to tell the story in a straightforward way prove to be the right formula .
It pushed my outrage buttons like no movie since those Ghetto-bots in Transformers 2 admitted they did n't know how to read .
Hancock tugs at the heart strings and wrings the tear ducts with the same ruthless efficiency as a Superbowl playbook .
Un drama sencillo y humano , inspirado en una historia real , cuyo principal atractivo es Sandra Bullock en un ligero cambio de tono . No es el primer drama en el que participa , pero sí su labor dramática más convincente hasta la fecha .
Whether the movie was worthy of Oscar consideration is another matter , but there is little doubt it is uplifting and inspirational .
Can not be denied its to-be-reckoned-with sincerity .
The fact that The Blind Side is a terrible movie must be approached gingerly .
There are several ouch-worthy moments like this in The Blind Side , but they are spaced just far enough apart not to devalue the real worth of Michael Oher 's story .
It 's so clichéd and so patronising and there 's more than a whiff of racism .
Some situations seem very contrived , but ultimately there 's no doubting that Bullock has created a memorable character in Leigh Anne .
The Blind Side is a big budget , well crafted and finely honed ... movie of the week .
The film is also up for an Oscar but will surely fall into the `` it 's an honour just to be nominated '' category . Still , it 's an enjoyable film and arguably Bullock 's best .
A gratifying yet grounded drama whose exemplary cast propel the action and tug at the heart-strings . Recommended .
The story is told in the recognisable Hollywood manner , polished and packaged , but that does n't detract from its impact . . it also tackles some of the darker materials of the story
It 's a wonderful role for Bullock , who delivers her best performance yet
Though not without its racist undertones , -LSB- the film -RSB- manages to take an inspiring story and use it to compose an entertaining and compelling tale ...
The so-called `` feel-good '' film functioning as a well-timed balm for the conflicted soul of white America . But rather than a clear-eyed look at the disparity between upper-crust suburbs and a cross-town ghetto , we get gloss of the highest order .
A sports drama that 's more about the melodrama and less about the sport .
If Sandra Bullock were n't already a star , a star-making turn this would be .
John Lee Hancock 's quasi docu-dramatization of Michael Lewis ' book ... scores well in the basics of bringing this inspirational story to the screen but fumbles the chance for greatness due to the preponderance of one-dimensional characters .
Slimy
Writer-director John Lee Hancock wants to say something meaningful about racism , but he ca n't even get the football parts of his film right .
It 's the deft , simple manner in which the story is told that brings it all together into a feel-good movie that rises above its inherent clichés
By avoiding excessive cliche and maintaining a simple and optimistic attitude throughout , and with a healthy dose of comedy , `` The Blind Side '' ends up being one of the best sports films of recent years .
Overall a sweet tale of a kid being given a chance when he seemed all but lost , and the performances of Bullock and Aaron . It 's worth a look .
... An unabashed feel-good movie and one of the best of its kind in recent memory .
There 's potential there for cloying , movie-of-the-week formula , but Hancock deftly dodges it . The Blind Side ends up being a tear-jerker , a heart-warmer and a crowd-pleaser all in one .
takes what could have been a cliché three-hanky tearjerker designed to assuage white guilt and turn it into something deeper and more meaningful
What saves the movie , insofar as it is saved , is the absolute commitment of the filmmakers ... all of whom either do n't notice or do n't care how very pwecious their scenario is .
In a year that produced garbage like `` The Blind Side '' , you have to wonder how much progress has been made in Hollywood since `` Gone With the Wind '' .
-LSB- T -RSB- his utterly unsurprising , unchallenging feel-good flick mostly ignores larger social concerns in telling its implausible tale ...
Has quite a lot in common with Precious , although this is a much more mainstream movie with a more white-liberal perspective
The black kid is the MacGuffin around which revolves the affected lives of white people .
If ever Sandra Bullock had Oscar nomination potential , it comes in her canny performance as a Southern Republican with a heart of gold .
The pile-on of big emotional moments , accompanied by big music , is overwhelming . This is a movie demanding to be loved .
... presents the upbeat family-film playbook with no surprises , but if you 're in the mood for a feel-good flick , this is an excellent choice .
Veers a bit close ... to Capra territory , but its sure , honest touch carries it effortlessly into the end zone .
Subtlety is horse-collared in John Lee Hancock 's disappointingly Lifetime-ish sports film . It lacks the subtlety or nuance of his `` The Rookie '' and is borderline offensive in spots , but Sandra Bullock easily delivers her career 's best performance .
I really wanted to like John Lee Hancock 's The Blind Side . In fact , I wanted to love it .
In the movie The Blind Side , truth is sacked and authenticity is fumbled -- all in the name of cheerleading . The Blind Side is not true -- it is a crowd-pleasing white wash .
Institutional racism as inspirational melodrama , it 's regressive entertainment , our very own Triumph of the Will .
Do n't turn a blind eye to `` The Blind Side '' as it is one of the best films this year !
A movie that inspires . Sandra Bullock is refreshingly different and gives a superb performance . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Hardly the most daring , profound or clever picture of the year , but certainly one of the most touching .
If not for Sandra Bullock ... The Blind Side would have drowned in its own mediocrity .
Incessantly positive because it 's about good deeds and its ripple effects .
Sandra Bullock finally reaches her potential in this heart-warming true story , ... a terrific movie .
Blind Side uses old playbook to jerk tears .
We all want Big Mike to be saved from the life so many are stuck with . I 'm simply shocked Bullock was up to the task of doing the saving . Yes , it appears I was blindsided .
The kind of film that works on you while you 're watching it , but is finally like a second helping of dessert that leaves you feeling ever so slightly sick afterwards .
Unfortunately , it had to battle against the dumb , romantic juggernaut New Moon . Sandra Bullock and company will give you many more moments of enjoyment than any lame hormonally-challenged vampire-werewolf can offer .
Potentially culturally offensive and overly schmaltzy , The Blind Side instead threads an almost impossible needle , pulling off a surprisingly moving and inspirational story of compassion , self-discovery and hope .
Sandra Bullock shows her acting talent in this uplifting movie that entertains on all levels
Its superficiality keeps it from being the moving story it could have been .
However obvious , The Blind Side is touching -- despite its habit of dropping major character notes into the melody without warning .
Yes , this feel-good sports/biographical drama is predictable and by-the-numbers . Yet for the most part , this cinematic `` comfort food '' goes down pretty well .
Oherâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s life is meant to make us feel good , and it mostly does . But how good we feel about his story is proportional to how blind weâ -LRB- TM -RRB- re willing to be about how itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s told .
For many African-Americans , The Blind Side will be familiar with its elements of ` The Great White Hope ' and ` The Magical Negro . ' But , this is a true story . You ca n't hate a story for being true , even if it might channel legendary Hollywood stereotypes .
It 's a feel-good movie that could have been a more intellectual , honest exercise , but it 's still a feel-good movie that works on its own terms .
... an affable -LRB- if entirely unremarkable -RRB- piece of work ...
Even if it were n't true , The Blind Side would be a special film .
While terrorism thrillers may be high on Hollywood 's to-do list lately , movies about escape from the rumored terrors of ghetto life by unusually large people , may not be far behind .
An antiseptic answer to Precious designed for the tweener demographic .
Yes , it is one of the more tired genres around , and no , it 's not as good as the book . But `` The Blind Side , '' is a nice surprise - a heartfelt drama that tells an amazing story remarkably well .
Will never be remembered as one of the best sports films , but it may go down as one of the feel-good movies of the year and possibly as Sandra Bullock 's best .
Writing is real-life strong , directing perfect , Bullock makes you believe she has lived this life , and McGraw can give up the road . He 's got an effortless charm .
Despite being factual strains credibility .
There is a quiet restraint to it all that is at times quite remarkable , the film 's most emotional moments happening when I usually least expected them .
Hollywood nearly ruins a great true story like The Blind Side by piling on the schmaltz .
` The Blind Side ' is an emotionally uplifting tale in which Sandra Bullock excels in her best performance since ` Crash . '
OK , Sandra Bullock . I publicly forgive you for the ghastly ` All About Steve . '
I sure wish Sandra Bullock would get out of the business of making crappy rom-coms and make more movies like The Blind Side ...
The movie contains enough humor and heartbreak -LRB- though next to no dramatic tension -RRB- to make it an engaging if undemanding experience .
... could wind up giving inspirational sports pictures a good name .
I believe the real Leigh Anne Tuohy did a wonderful , selfless thing and I told her so when I interviewed her . She deserves a better movie to be made about her .
A mostly heartfelt , compelling and inspirational albeit occasionally contrived sports drama .
Bullock adds two extra dimensions to her usual one-dimensional , cutesy , addle-brained personality and gives the performance of her life .
In probably her best performance ever , Sandra Bullock is downright brilliant . As in CRASH , Bullock proves again that she is much better at drama than comedy .
Sarah Palin is n't the only gun-toting , ex-cheerleader , conservative Christian sports mom back in the news . This week also gives us Sandra Bullock as Leigh Anne Tuohy ...
Writer-director John Lee Hancock has turned Oher 's remarkable life into a Hollywood fable that trades difficult truths for easy clichés .
Especially effective is the gently comic interplay between the solemn Michael -LRB- Aaron has little dialogue but speaks volumes through his expressive eyes -RRB- and Bullock 's pushy Southern mama , who has a firm grip on tough love and usually gets what she wants .
The Blind Side is only ambitious enough to be a solid , earnest -- if long -- crowd pleaser .
`` This feels way too manipulative to be taken seriously ''
The problem with a story that 's almost too good to be true is that someone in Hollywood will try to make it better .
What a drag that , one year into Obama 's presidency , American films remain so careful about depicting black actors .
It 's a cute , touchy-feely crowd pleaser that wants nothing more than to wrap audiences in a warm holiday embrace . In a sense , it achieves that goal , but it is overly sentimental in a Lifetime movie kind-of-way .
We never learn why Leigh Anne is so fearless , but Bullock is the force here . McGraw is an amiable anchor to her bull-by-the-horns portrayal .
Upon seeing -LSB- Bullock 's -RSB- Oscar-worthy performance is `` finally ! '' followed quickly by , `` Why the heck did it take so long ? ''
The filmmakers pay lip service to the story 's racial undertones without ever really rocking the leaky boat .
It speaks of faith , hope and charity with the down-to-earth tones and rhythms of a high school percussion band in a Thanksgiving Day parade .
Hancock mostly restricts the story 's scope to its heartwarming bits and begs off any serious investigation of race . The reason , of course , is that this is n't that kind of movie . But I could n't help but wish that it were .
A movie made up almost entirely of turning points and yet curiously devoid of drama or suspense .
Syrupy sports drama uplifts but glosses over deep issues .
A Hollywoody realization of a great real life triumph . Has its faults , but nicely directed , acted and edited , on the whole .
Take a real-life story like The Blind Side , which on the surface sounds pretty sappy , and turn it into something honest , heartfelt and surprisingly inspirational .
To paraphrase a quote from an ex-NFL coach , The Blind Side is what we thought it would be , but it 's also a whole lot more .
Bullock 's the main reason to see the film : She 's believably feisty and funny as an ex-college cheerleader turned into a strong-minded , NRA card-carrying Southern belle with whom you should not mess .
See it for the heartwarming story it is , and for Sandra Bullock 's best movie in quite a while .
There are so many ways this film could have gone badly , but writer/director John Lee Hancock has taken Michael Lewis ' book of the same title and made it into a believable , non-sentimental movie .
Recycles the charitable messages of other religion-based films , from `` Facing the Giants '' to `` Fireproof , '' but presents them in an accessible , mainstream package .
A feel-good sports drama about the intersection of race and athletics , with solid if unremarkable performances that strains just a little too hard for social relevance
I should hate this movie with every ounce of my being -LRB- and that 's alot of ounces -RRB- . Yet , it has a certain charm that draws you in like the girl next door .
Judging by the awful trailers , I did not think in a million years I would see a wonderful true story that perfectly balanced comedy and drama . Bullock was fantastic .
Surely post-recession America will turn out in droves for this cinematic version of a hug . But should they ?
The film is played with a focus on low-key charm and quiet drama , and there 's a warm , human sense of humor .
The movie glosses over the deeper issues of the tale , ones dealing with race , poverty , privilege and ethics , opting for the feel-good quick hit that makes the overall experience unsatisfying .
What makes The Blind Side a Thanksgiving treat is director Hancock 's subtle touch and admirable refusal to yield to sports movie clichés , something he did previously with The Rookie and Remember the Titans .
... it reminds us that initial impressions can be deceiving .
The Blind Side is a terrifically touching , thoroughly entertaining film .
Blond , brisk and all business , -LSB- Bullock is -RSB- easily the best thing about the film , which otherwise slumps into a cloying , condescending morass that does n't do her fine work any favors .
It 's hard to overlook that while Michael 's benefactors are white , the villains in the movie are black .
Speaking of being blindsided , The Blind Side is good enough to make me almost forgive Sandra Bullock for All About Steve
It is easily Bullocks best performance over a career that spans two decades .
Works in its own simple way because we believe and connect to these characters .
Parental Content Review
` The Blind Side ' may not make the All-American sports movies team , but it plays with plenty of heart .
This movie is smarter than it had to be , which gives its emotional core even more of punch .
... had its heart in the right place , but in order to have a shred of believability , it needed more grit . The Tuohys are cardboard saints with a big bank account and Oher is their big lump of clay .
Lewis ' earlier and even better sports book , Moneyball , also is in a turbulent journey toward the big screen , but after this film , he may hope it never gets there .
If someone were telling you this story , you might say , `` Wow . That 's something . '' Even so , the narrative is not quite big enough to bear the weight and significance that writer-director John Lee Hancock tries to attach to it .
If Frank Capra was still around , director John Lee Hancock might have had to fight him for the job .
Watching The Blind Side , I felt my emotions being stage-managed , but once or twice I got something in my eye .
Sandra Bullock is two for three in 2009 .
Except for a few crude exchanges , The Blind Side is almost as squeaky-clean as an old Disney movie . Unfortunately , it can also be just as cute and condescending .
Hancock sands down the rough spots of Oher 's story , but he also polishes to a glow the family ties that grow between Oher and the Touhys .
` The Blind Side ' inspires despite average filmmaking that 's incapable of probing deeply enough into the story 's racial dynamics .
The Blind Side is less interesting for its milquetoast biopic character than for Sandra Bullock 's inherently likable wealthy do-gooder .
Director John Lee Hancock 's only aiming for a crowd pleaser , and by not challenging the established playbook for inspirational sports dramas , he 's no doubt got one .
The Blind Side is less interesting for its milquetoast biopic character than for Sandra Bullock 's inherently likable wealthy do-gooder .
If a Hallmark greeting card could throw up , the puke would come in the form of The Blind Side .
The movie 's title refers to the area of a football field that the left tackle protects , but it could easily refer to an audience unaware of its prejudices .
Director John Lee Hancock defuses class resentment by making sure that everybody in the family is as adorable as possible ...
There 's real ambiguity in the Oher case , but writer-director John Lee Hancock papers over it ; it 's possible to see the Tuohys as generous , caring people without brushing off their less-altruistic reasons for sponsoring Oher .
A wonderful feel-good fact-based sports story about the gifts of nurturing love and a redefinition of family values .
The Blind Side fumbles a remarkable , true story of an African-American product of the West Memphis projects who ended up at a Christian school and in the care of a wealthy white family , and then went on to professional football glory .
Insightful , inspiring and football-themed - what could be timelier for Thanksgiving ?
If you 're looking for an uplifting sports story , this one , familiar as it is , manages a winning score .
The tender interaction between Leigh Anne and Michael sustains the Blind tension , not plastic acts of tragedy or insensitive supporting characters . Too bad Leigh Anne was n't allowed in the editing room to knock some sense into Hancock .
Feels less like a true story than a synopsis .
Without adding too much cheese , director John Lee Hancock channels genuine emotion from the Michael Lewis book -LRB- and the reality -RRB- that prompted this moving chronicle .
Some true stories , however pleasant , just do n't make for interesting movies .
Some will doubtlessly dismiss The Blind Side as another example of a heroic white person saving a black victim but , although there is an element of truth in that perfunctory description , it misses the point .
Writer-director John Lee Hancock wisely lets the true story of Michael Oher speak for itself .
What The Blind Side offers is a kind of liberal Hollywood version of conservative values : all rock-solid valor , all the time .
The movie 's a pretty conventional feel-good sports drama in many ways . But Bullock and Aaron give it heart that transcends the genre .
While it 's possible to be enormously entertained and moved by The Blind Side , it 's also possible to harbor a twinge of misgiving .
Bullock is back - when she tells Coach Cotton how to play Michael , she 's like a clove of garlic in an onion bag .
It 's just blinkered middle-class pandering at its most shameless .
All Bullock 's films promote an edifying sense of human experience -- she has an instinct for what people like to see -- and that gift makes The Blind Side the perfect , God-sent antidote to Precious .
Ultimately , race has nothing to do with the truth of the emotions this film elicits from an audience . It 's a solid movie , whether you 're color blind or not .
In every scene , Oher is instructed , lectured , comforted , or petted like a big puppy ; he is merely a cipher .
Sandra Bullock renders a strong performance as the feisty Southern belle in this inspirational sports saga , but the film is too conventional and does n't offer a deep look into the psychology of the players or the interracial subtext .
Its m.o. is n't understanding or identification , just white self-congratulation .
Missed opportunities and surface gestures aside , Hancock draws affable , energetic performances from all concerned .
Another uplifting and entertaining feel-good , fact-based sports drama .
Bullock may have found her Erin Brockovich in Tuohy , commanding the screen with grit and determination in an Oscar-worthy role if ever there was one .



@highlight

It might strike some viewers as a little too pat , but The Blind Side has the benefit of strong source material and a strong performance from Sandra Bullock .