A message that never gets old : On stage or in high-school hallways , sometime it 's the losers that turn out to be the real winners .
Fun without too much camp .
What keeps Bandslam afloat is the way its sweet moments find weird ways of stepping into convention .
Though it wears out its welcome as it teeters rather than rocks toward the finish line , there is something inherently enticing in the old `` let 's put on a show '' formula it utilizes .
The music is the movie 's best feature , but even that 's not much ...
The barely hyped Bandslam must settle for simply being the best American movie this summer .
While it 's pretty effervescent for the first hour , things really take a dire turn toward the end . The whole thing nearly becomes undone at that point .
Though predictable , it at least tries to put on a fresh face to a tiresome old feelgood story .
There is really just a lot to like here .
These are characters that make mistakes , they redeem themselves , and they grow throughout the course of the film .
Bandslam is a mix of the icky , the corny and the comic , but there 's no denying that it 's fun .
A witty , touching , cleverly plotted film with excellent music and it made me feel for the first time in years that I 'd like to be an American teenager .
The characterisations are just a little unorthodox and the whole thing , despite a soggy middle during which nothing much happens , goes with an above average swing .
My 6 year old enjoyed it . I guess I would just like a little more effort from the filmmakers . Maybe worth a DVD rental , though .
Dear Todd Graff : Thanks , man .
`` Bandslam '' is a terrific family film that showcases the importance of constructive teenage friendship .
Parental Content Review
Bandslam is hardly the definition of a great movie , but it is pleasant and bright and does n't insult its audience 's intelligence . And that 's as rare and welcome as a well-crafted three-minute pop song .
I would have had much more interest in this film if the cinematographer would have just handed the camera over to Vanessa Hudgens and turned her loose alone in her hotel room .
You have to respect any movie that name-checks the Velvet Underground and assumes its tweenage viewers will get the reference -- or ask their parents later .
Co-writer-director Todd Graff does n't look at teens or their issues in a condescending light .
Graff ... mines some spunky humor and heartfelt characters , all while coloring safely within the lines of the underdogs-reaching-the-top storyline .
Whenever the music is playing , it 's tough to fight the urge to rock out right in your theater seat .
For the most part , BandSlam is a decent knockoff . The script is quippy and smart . Connell and Hudgens are both appealing .
Tidy , heartfelt direction by Todd Graff -LRB- Camp -RRB- ; astute song references ; and a David Bowie cameo transcend the formula underpinnings and keep Bandslam buoyant , gratifying and , yes , rocking .
The movie has a few good tunes and some charming comic dash , at least at first .
Bandslam consistently exceeds current teen-flick standards thanks to its snarky humour , its strong musical sequences and its ability to convey the excitement the characters feel both about performing and forming new friendships .
An utterly charming work of pure pop exuberance , Bandslam is full of unexpected pleasures set to a surprisingly retro soundtrack .
Music-driven teen flick is feel-good fun for parents , too .
Simultaneously shiny and retro , calibrated and uncalculated , familiar and unpredictable .
The bonus in this modest charmer ? Not a single major female character , including Will 's single mother played by Lisa Kudrow , is subjected to the usual Hollywood rom-com demonization .
In a goofily endearing performance reminiscent of the young John Cusack , Connell is charming and relatable . Likewise , Kudrow , as the overprotective mother who both fears and wants more independence for her son .
Director Todd Graff does have a keen understanding of kids in the world of performing arts , as he shows here and in his earlier and better film Camp .
High school ... Vanessa Hudgens ... kids making music . We know what you 're thinking , but you 're wrong .
It feels like a missed opportunity , but perhaps is a blessing since Bandslam 's dialogue is much more pat than Hughes 's quotable writing .
It seems acutely unaware of how casually sick some of its themes are .
Rife with spirit-lifting scenes of teens singing their hearts out . And it feels just that good , in a quirky-smart way .
Knowing that you know the drill , Bandslam leaves out most too-explanatory details , and lets the kids be kidlike rather than movie-kidlike .
Surprise ! This ai n't no Disney-fied cotton candy movie . It has more bite , angst and soul than that .
It 's all pretty predictable yet despite the occasional lapses into cuteness , it has a lot more going for it than the standard teen movie .
A tedious , predictable tale about following your dreams and being yourself .
What appeared to be another High School Musical , Bandslam delivers a well written script and an in depth story with sprinkles of cliches throughout .
` Bandslam ' is far from exceptional , but is saved by decent character development , a cluster of engaging performances and several amusing deadpan moments .
Implausible , formulaic , too ponderous for young kids , not cool enough for teenagers and yet strangely hard to resist . File away under extremely guilty pleasure .
A bizarre tween movie vehicle for the High School Musical star Vanessa Hudgens that gradually morphs into a two-hour homily on the perils of adolescence .
The movie 's problem is the division of loyalties between these two female leads , which fatally divides and muddles the dramatic focus .
Todd Graff 's coming-of-age musical comedy may hardly be original , but the secret is all in the mix : sweet enough to please the kids , while acerbically downbeat enough to keep the attention of any accompanying adults .
An immensely enjoyable , if predictable , ride .
A teen movie that strikes all the right chords .
Whether your nine-year-old niece will care about that is moot - but she 'll definitely resent the poor ratio of musical numbers to clunky , contrived emotional scenes .
Laugh-out-loud funny , with less sugar and more teen spirit than the likes of High School Musical .
The movie is too sophisticated in its first hour for preteens , and much too tragically unhip in its second hour for the older teenage audience that might appreciate its pithier wisecracks .
Like a 12-year-old playing their first guitar , it lacks polish and goes on too long , but you ca n't knock the enthusiasm . Great musical finale , too .
Graff has wonderfully captured not just the emotional havoc of adolescence but its passionate belief in music as a life-changing force .
Surprisingly tolerable teen fare with hints of the wit and warmth that the late John Hughes once brought to the genre .
This oddly toned high-school flick may boast less of the X-Factor but it 's all the more interesting for its raggedy edges .
An enjoyable teen comedy with likeable characters , a witty script , strong performances and some great tunes - this is the film the High School Musical movies should have been .
It 's perfect for families , but never patronising . Sassy , but not saucy . It 's the Missing Link between wholesome kiddie fare and 15-rated smut like Superbad .
What 's most surprising is how endearing it all is - it 's just so dang likeable , for any age group , grown-ups included , and exudes appeal from the get go . Feelgood is the word and one of the best teen movies Hollywood 's made in years .
A spry teen melodrama whose refusal to pander to its audience is refreshing .
Lisa Kudrow interview : Following her ` Friends ' fame , you now get the sense that she 's splitting her time between TV work , various films and perhaps most important mothering . Work on ` Bandslam ' is now much like real life for her .
Watching this film is about as cutting-edge as buying a Clash T-shirt at Wal-Mart .
-LSB- C -RSB- alculated for sweet , feel-good blandness . And not the rock 'n' roll kind of feel-good , either , unless you think the Jonas Brothers rock hard .
Instead of the vapid drivel you 'd expect from their Disneyfied crowd , Bandslam turns out to be a charming -LRB- and well-soundtracked : Hello , Wilco ! -RRB- little parable for the tween set about first crushes , friendship and like , duh , the power of music .
The outcome is n't exactly in doubt , but the ride is pleasant enough along the way . Connell in particular gives a strong central performance , and a couple of the musical numbers are infectious .
A little edgier than `` High School Musical '' and a little smarter than the usual tween fare , `` Bandslam '' is a refreshing late-summer treat for tweens , teens , and their families .
The performances in Bandslam are uniformly strong -- good enough to make you wish this bunch of charismatic , talented kids had been given better material .
Exceptionally entertaining , but also keenly knowledgeable about music and the history and reverence behind it . Bandslam is more unadulterated fun than it has any right to be .
Within the context of modern family comedies and the vast enabling wasteland of tweener TV , these people feel almost three-dimensional .
Yes , the plot is totally predictable . But the smart script consistently tweaks the formula , allowing director/cowriter Graff to pull off the near-impossible : making a movie that neither sells out nor talks down to teens .
Is n't going to win any awards , but it 's a distinct step up from most striving-against-the-odds high school movies .
Like a less oppressively hip Juno , Bandslam captures the way young people too smart and pop-culture-savvy for their own good let the music and movies they love define them during adolescence 's crucible of humiliation and self-doubt .
manages to be energetic , entertaining , and surprisingly mature
Surprisingly watchable despite the formulaic teen format .
Bandslam belongs to Connell . He has the unruly ` fro and endearing shamblingness of a young Daniel Stern , and he ably brings to life that rarest of cinematic qualities : decency .
Part of me wanted to shove `` Bandslam '' aside for being aside as a teen-exploitation piece of junk about a ragtag bunch of misfits ... but , interestingly enough , it 's just as cynical as I am -LRB- if not more so -RRB- .
Bandslam had potential , but it succumbed to peer pressure .
This is n't a breakthrough movie , but for what it is , it 's charming , and not any more innocuous than it has to be .
Finds just the right tone for its teen struggles and rites of passage , with wit that sometimes gives clichés a big ol' wedgie , and sometimes winds up on the receiving end .
It feels like three years to get to a point of resolution . Bandslam should take the lead of the rock gods : keep it moving , keep it simple , and know when to get off the stage .
There 's enough of a strong filmmaking backbeat in Bandslam to carry the movie 's light tune .
The suprise packet of the film is Vanessa hudgens , cast against type as the Goth-ish girlfriend .
Graff ... stirs in some terrific moments along the way that subvert the genre just a little bit .
The movie is a far more convincing fantasy of performance-as-self-discovery than the High School Musical franchise .
There 's no edge , but if you 're young enough to not know the original version of I Want You To Want Me , Bandslam may have charms enough to tickle your tweenage heart .
Thanks to co-writer/director Todd Graff , who made the quite terrific Camp a few years back , Bandslam avoids being as clichéd as it sounds , and actually adds some real emotion and realistic drama .
Though not entirely naff , this teen film 's casting of Vanessa Hudgens is clearly an attempt to get High School Musical fans on board , but overall this is a charming effort .
Todd Graff 's film is written with a desperate cleverness that clamors for attention over the brainless against-the-odds music-competition plot .
I Ca n't Go On , I 'll Go On is the name of the bubblegum rock group at the center of Bandslam , as well as a useful mantra for any moviegoer struggling to make it all the way through this depressingly phony approximation of a teen tragicomedy .
A charming eye-roller with a nice streak that goes deep .
This savvy , music-fueled high school comedy really rocks .
An awkward , earnest , almost irresistible indie .
With its combination of high energy music , a terrific young cast -LRB- with the relatively youthful Lisa Kudrow as a mum -RRB- and its well structured screenplay , Bandslam is an above average coming of age dramatic comedy







@highlight

Bandslam is an intelligent teen film that avoids teen film cliches , in an entertaining package of music and coming-of-age drama .