The emetic outpouring of buddy love in the last reel deserves the adults-only certificate that the rest narrowly escapes .
What 's truly unforgivable is the willful regression
More Empire than Jedi .
Notably dubbed as the `` gayest film ever '' when it premiered at Cannes , `` Clerks II '' is nonetheless a slight improvement on Smith 's original film .
Clerks II will resonate with viewers in Smith 's age range -LRB- mid-thirties -RRB- in a way that goes beyond comedy .
Smith 's `` edge '' is noticeably MIA in his cash-in-er-sequel , and it shows painfully .
Smith 's attempt to get all introspective about growing up yields a plot that is at core rather mawkish and cliched - but when it comes to writing hilariously juvenile lines , he still has the old magic .
Deliberately disgusting , scatological , profane and vulgar , which makes this critic a bit embarrassed to admit that he found himself frequently laughing out loud at such offensive and obscene material .
While Jay has always introduced Silent Bob as his `` hetero life mate , '' it is actually Randall that is connected to Dante . It 's obvious that he will miss his friend , and Anderson makes us miss him too .
... Probably the funniest film Smith has done since the original - it 's chock full of childish humour and witty observations on pop-culture - but there 's something real beneath all of that as well . Something , dare it be said , touching .
The laughs are still there .
... as humorous as diphtheria .
Despite a handful of great jokes , this is ultimately disappointing - it 's badly plotted , badly acted and occasionally downright embarrassing .
While the film is rude and raucous throughout , it does n't have a bad bone in its body , providing a joyous , celebratory swansong for the beloved characters .
... less profound than it is uneven , an intermittently satisfying mix .
Raunch only works well if there is an undercurrent of substance at hand to lift the bottom feeding . `` Clerks II '' has no problem plunging into its messy depths while also , somehow , generating a groundswell of affection for its messy characters .
A film with both fart and heart , and is highly recommended for the willing and able .
The duds-to-gags ratio is way too high and the general aesthetic -LRB- visual and verbal -RRB- way too crummy .
Yes , it 's clunky , silly and often downright obscene . But there 's a depth of character that makes it well worth seeing .
Smith 's politically incorrect references are never malicious or fueled by anger .
The mildest and sweetest of the Jay and Silent Bob canon .
You ca n't go home again . But it sure is nice to visit .
Clerks II is just as raucous , rude , crude , vulgar , random , and shockingly funny as you would expect , but it is also surprisingly moving at times .
Clerks II strikes its deepest chords when it appeals to the emotional security of a passionately provincial status quo .
I loved `` Clerks '' and I was reluctant to see `` Clerks II , '' but Smith manages to revisit his stomping grounds in genuine sophomoric fashion , while leaving it with a nostalgic maturity at the same time .
The adolescent vulgarities are just a smokescreen for a more serious discussion of a kind of mid-life crisis .
Randal and Dante were funny 12 years ago ; now they look and sound like MySpace predators .
This joyous jeer-athon , filled with...dirty-word laden depth and instantly quotable moments ... is a love letter to the unbridled ecstasy in speaking one 's mind .
Would n't it have been nice just to wonder whatever happened to Dante and Randal ? Instead , Clerks II gives us answers .
While the film is n't nearly his best , it 's undeniable fun to see the clerks ranting again and rattling off the kind of raunchy , spot-on observations only Smith could think up .
Even as the lone wolf reviewer who considers Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back a guilty pleasure of the most shameless order , it saddens me that I ca n't offer Kevin Smith 's latest Jersey hurl similar props .
Simply a pretty darn good , utterly and honestly raunchy comedy with a heart like Minnie the Moocher 's -- as big as a whale .
Most of the dialogue is geared towards young teenagers who mindlessly argue about things that really do n't matter in real life .
I ca n't say I 've spent the last dozen years desperate to catch up with these guys . But it 's nice to have them around again .
It 's a horrible sequel , on par with , say , Caddyshack II in terms of desperation and comic failure .
... Lewdness for lewdness sake ...
Smith has nothing original left to say and no original ways left to say it .
Ultimately , Smith finally achieves that perfect balance between humor and heart that he 's been dancing towards with all his films .
Clerks II 's sound look at stunted growth does n't get around that these personalities are less likable in their 30s than in their 20s .
It has a more authentic everyday feel than a lot of movies . But it 's also very talky and philosophical for a comedy , which would be okay , except the philosophy is kind of shallow .
I like these characters a lot .
Smith , an inherent optimist , has made a movie full of crude humor that also manages to explore the enduring qualities of friendship .
Kevin Smith heads back behind the counter for the amusing but largely unnecessary sequel to his 1994 hit .
Although it 's as funny as any movie this summer , Clerks II has to struggle to achieve the level of universality that the original `` Clerks '' seemed to hit effortlessly .
Smith still has nothing to say , at least nothing printable , either as writer/director or as the dumb -LRB- as opposed to dumber -RRB- half of Jay and Silent Bob .
skewers political correctness within a profane framework that unwaveringly champions middle class values with an infectious verve
A more than worthy display of Smith 's ear for dialogue , pop-culture intelligence , and ability to push the envelope of decency to the breaking point , and , yes , it is utterly hilarious in an alternately gut-busting and wry sort of way .
` Today is the first day of the rest of our lives , ' says Randal , but ` Clerks II ' suggests withdrawal rather than momentum .
Just like the new Star Wars trilogy before it , my youth has been raped once more by another large man sporting a beard . Thankfully this one does n't wear flannel .
some very funny stuff , but also a lot of crass , juvenile humor , profanity , bad acting and a desire to shock rather than to entertain .
The movie feels as if Smith the writer-director is saying farewell to some old friends , that it is time to move on to other adventures and pack away those childish things .
Tasteless , toxic re-hash of the original
-LSB- Smith -RSB- has found a way to connect to an audience that prizes his scruffy sensibility and geek love . This film is evidence that he loves them back .
The turning point is Dante 's serious conversation with Becky about his future plans . From there , the movie finds its narrative center and becomes a real story about real people and , suddenly , you find you even care about Randal .
It 's hard to believe anyone could actually be offended by the material . Still , it 's not for everyone and the film is better off without those sticks in the mud .
Clerks II is still a treat , and should be appreciated as one of the few films to take the idea of leaving your extended adolescence behind with respect and dignity , even if it 's sandwiched between sequences of a man having sex with his donkey .
Kevin Smith comes full circle and finds closure ... often showing a refreshing , uncharacteristic maturity .
The question to be answered is : Is Clerks II something that is watchable for those who are unfamiliar with Kevin Smith `` Askewniverse ? '' No .
The patchy work of a director stuck in an uncomfortable purgatory between his old-school comedic crassness and newfound dramatic mushiness .
I 'm a Kevin Smith fan , but these characters are getting tired . He needs some new material , because he 's done all he can do -LRB- and more -RRB- with this bunch .
Some gags are hilarious , others flat , but the scatological mood is worth the visit .
Clerks II is a perfect example of what a sequel should be . It takes characters and situations that were created in the original , then expands and deepens them .
With apologies to the much discussed donkey show , perhaps best among the random bits is a rant , delivered by Randal , about reclaiming the phrase `` porch monkey . ''
There is grist for comedy there , of course , though I do n't know if anything Smith conjures -LRB- watch out for the promiscuous donkey -RRB- , is quite as funny as seeing Dante and Randal -LRB- Jeff Anderson -RRB- aged and fattened some 12 years .
-LSB- Dante and Randal -RSB- are still minimum-wage slaves working in the service industry , where ignoring and abusing the customer is second nature , and they are still as profane , politically incorrect , and vulgar as ever . It 's a beautiful thing .
Kevin Smith proves that the combination of minimum-wage misery and vivid vulgarity still packs a punch , as long as it 's done right .
What -LSB- Smith -RSB- knows , better than anyone out there , is how rudely funny and deliriously self-deluding those types can be .
Not that Butch and Sundance -LRB- or even Harold and Kumar -RRB- are going to sweat their place in the buddy movie hall of fame .
Though Clerks II is in color , the acting is just as amateurish and the directing just as awkward as the black-and-white original . Dawson gives the only competent performance , and only Becky and the abused donkey are sympathetic characters .
If you laughed a lot at the irreverence and wackiness of Clerks , ditto Clerks II . Is n't that 's all you can ask of a sequel ?
All is well with the Clerks world when these stoners take the screen ... and prove that guys can grow old and stay immature forever .
It 's funny and poignant and not for the easily offended .
Whatever your expectations , they will almost certainly be exceeded by Smith 's hilarious and creative return to low-budget cinema .
They say you ca n't go home again , but writer-director Kevin Smith did n't get the memo .
While it 's the sadness of the aging geek that resonates most potently throughout Clerks II , the movie itself is far too glib to let anything that bleak get close enough to the surface to bubble over and stain the counter .
Frankly , there 's something more than a little sad about the spectacle of men blowing through their thirties with the same aimless torpor they brought to bear on their twenties : The future is catching up to Dante and Randal , and it 's not a pretty sight .
Although it has , hands down , the single funniest scene of the summer , Clerks II is a roadside bomb in the culture war .
Though it will be of little interest to anyone who has never seen its predecessor , Clerks II should delight Smith 's fans .
Clerks II is as insightful a comedy about reluctantly growing up in modern-day America as you 're likely to see this year . Attend it with your best friend from childhood , even if his name 's Dupree .
Clerks II is neither awful enough to go berserk about , nor good enough to recommend , even to hardcore cultists .
Clerks II is neither the best nor the worst installment in Smith 's Jersey-centric ` askewniverse , ' but fans will find plenty to feed their obsession .
For casual fans of writer-director Kevin Smith , his new film , Clerks II , feels a little like the new Pirates of the Caribbean -- a similar wet fizzle of a sequel for sequel 's sake -- but what do we know ?
A dozen years later , Clerks II has a much higher budget -- but , happily , the same snarky attitude and snappy slacker repartee .
If you 're a fan of Clerks ... then you 'll probably want to see Clerks II .
Clerks II is dumb . Clerks II is brilliant . Clerks II is a rehash . Clerks II is surprisingly fresh . Clerks II will disappoint you at the same time that it keeps you fully entertained .
Clerks II is not a return to the roots . It 's just a cartoonish trip in the way-back machine outfitted with a questionable moral .
Smith may be an acquired taste , but Clerks II is his most consistently funny film since the first Clerks , a dozen years ago .
Clerks II repeats all the charms and flaws of the original with a far less forgivable outcome , since Smith is now in a position to do far better .
You have to wonder how long Smith plans to hang out in front of the big-screen Quick Stop , telling the same kind of jokes and copping the same old attitudes .
As long as all easily offended souls stay away from Clerks II , everyone ought to be happy .
OK , Kevin Smith . All is forgiven . Obviously , Jersey Girl was just a silly aberration . You not only have not lost your comedic touch -- you 've taken it to new heights .
Kevin Smith 's sequel to his 1994 indie classic about two aimless New Jersey buddies is as dead-end as their jobs .
Clerks II would make for an appropriate end to Smith 's lackluster career .
Has Kevin Smith gone soft ?
Just as Clerks was Smith 's statement of misspent youth , Clerks II is his declaration that your 30s is when you have to find your path and start moving .
... Clerks II is mostly appealing in its familiarity , from the rat-a-tat cussing to the cameos from Smith 's repertory company to the extended riffing on Star Wars and geek culture .
Funny , flip , frequently shocking , sometimes appalling , and always engaging .
The point of Clerks , either number , is talk -- speedy , competitive , clever banter that recalls , in its profane way , the rhythms of old Ben Hecht comedies .
The film 's loose structure incorporates a little bit of everything ... About the only thing conspicuously absent is political correctness .
has a huge been-there-done-that factor as Smith tries to recreate the magic of the original
Twelve years after Kevin Smith arrived on the film scene with the profane and hilarious Clerks , he returns with a bookend sequel which shows he 's grown up as well .
Clerks II has at last put Kevin Smith on my radar .
When it 's on , it 's really on : sharp , funny and geeky , just like you remember .
If you go in simply expecting the movie to be better than Jersey Girl , you 're not likely to be disappointed -- but you wo n't be blown away , either .
... has the most hearty laughs of any film this year , and turns out to be a fitting and surprisingly touching ode to thirtysomething underachievers .
A bit warm , fuzzy , and soft ... it forms the surprising heart of an outwardly bawdy film .
Smith manages to navigate these rather traditional plot threads with a kind of irreverent glee , splashing into them like a kid into a mud puddle .
Kevin Smith has done it again . Clerks II is his Temple of Doom ... The emotional parts of Clerks II are like the satanic parts of Temple of Doom . I mean that in the most positive way .
But Smith 's also infused Clerks II with an unexpected amount of heart and sweetness , resulting in an emotional payoff that one would never have anticipated from the filmmaker .
Not just an all-around growth experience for Kevin Smith and his characters but a film that is in several ways actually better than the original .
-LRB- Kevin Smith -RRB- Fans young , old , and ten thousand strong on MySpace -LRB- yes , they 're listed after the credits -RRB- will get every penny 's worth ...
My only lingering question is this : Is the ending a serious and legit scene of true male bonding , or is it another ***** slap at The Lord of the Rings ' suspiciously effeminate dénouement ?
wonderfully oddball
-LSB- Director/writer Kevin -RSB- Smith is out to shock , titillate and entertain you and pretty much succeeds .
Kevin Smith has grown up , even if his films have n't . That might explain why Clerks II ca n't quite decide how old it wants to act .
If you 're looking for the funny Kevin Smith more than you are the sappy Kevin Smith , you should n't be disappointed .
... more of the same , with just a hint of soul searching between the pop-culture wrestling matches and scatological tirades .
Clerks II is much better than most might expect , a sign that the slacker flag may be slightly older and slightly wiser , but is still flying high .
Smith is able to revert to his low-budget origins and strike a genuine sequel .
Fans of the original movie will applaud this resumption of their antiheroes ' insulting customer service and often outrageously frank gab about life and sex .
I do n't think Smith could have made a worse movie if he tried , and keep in mind , I 've seen Jersey Girl .
What makes Clerks II both winning and -LRB- somewhat unexpectedly -RRB- moving is its fidelity to the original Clerks ethic of hanging out , talking trash and refusing all worldly ambition .
A big fat value meal stuffed with profane ravings , in-joke movie geekery , and virtually non-stop raunch -- but somewhere in Act III , Clerks 2 also gets a little ... sweet . And it actually works .
Unless you 're a die-hard fan who hangs on Smith 's every word -LRB- or Silent Bob 's every expression -RRB- , the proper response to Clerks II is ` No Sale . '
Clerks II finds Smith up to the profane , raunchy , profoundly humanist mischief of which he alone is the master .
For a guy who will evermore be associated with slackers , Kevin Smith is quite the dynamo .
Juvenile ? Yes . Silly ? Yes . But it 's also often hilarious .
Here the storytelling , Smith 's great strength , is 90 percent riff and 10 percent theme . Should n't the characters be more memorable than the punch lines ?
Clerks II is more sentimental and ruder than its predecessor , though its brand of raunch tends to curdle halfway out of the characters ' mouths .
The slackers of Clerks have lost their wiseass flannel-shirted charm in Kevin Smith 's feeble attempt to translate his day-in-the-life-of '90s cult film to 2006 .
Clerks II will find Kevin Smith 's detractors saying that the filmmaker simply regurgitates the past , while his loyal fan base will applaud his return to the tried and true .
Smith wo n't win any new converts with Clerks II , but he 'll satisfy the devoted core audience .
It 's easy to rag on Clerks II for all the same reasons critics bag all of Smith 's movies , but it 's impossible to deny the fun that Clerks II ultimately is .
Clerks II brings Smith back to his roots , and his strengths as a writer-director .
Another raunchily funny , mildly sad and brutally candid purging of -LSB- Smith 's -RSB- demons and dreams .
With Smith , you have to take the crass with the inspired , but unlike Quentin Tarantino , Smith has something to say . Sometimes it 's worth sitting through a ton of sick jokes to hear it . Clerks II is one of those times .
This movie put a broad smile on my face , virtually from the start .
Makes a surprisingly convincing case for Dante and Randal as characters worthy of a revisit once a decade .
I like trashy humor , but there is not much here to chuckle at .
Smith 's commentary track for the new `` Road House '' DVD is riotous -- it 's got more laughs than his past two films combined .
So is Clerks II as good as its predecessor ? Not as good , but pretty doggoned close -LRB- or as Randal would say , pretty @ % $ # & close -RRB- .
Despite not achieving the level of the original ... this is the most amusing comedy to arrive in months .
When film theorists of the future take stock of Kevin Smith 's oeuvre , here 's hoping Clerks II is remembered as the worthless travesty that cemented the auteur 's irrelevancy .
Smith 's hyperliterate lead-assed wiseacres deserve their place in indie-movie history , no doubt , but when even the fart jokes fail to pop , it may be time to draw the curtain .
Wickedly irreverent and bone-tickling funny .
Lacking the grubby authenticity of its predecessor , the movie feels clueless and out of touch . Sometimes you ca n't go home again .
Smith 's heart is in it , but it 's sort of a broken heart now ; Clerks II feels as though it was made by a man who needs a change but is n't permitted to make one .
What was scabrously funny and charmingly amateurish in the 1994 black-and-white Clerks is now less so in the color bigger-budgeted sequel , a mediocre follow-up to a zeitgeist film that was a personal-aesthetic manifesto .
The most hilarious , emotionally honest and poetic -LRB- yes , poetic -RRB- film Kevin Smith has ever made .
A tender , scabrous and very , very funny comedy that picks up 12 years after the original .
The movie does contain plenty of the same variety Dante-and-Randal antics/conversations that made Clerks so quotable .
... this is a solid movie with laughs galore , pop-culture references galore , vulgarity and sexual connotations galore and even a cute romance ...
If Clerks II does n't have quite the scabrous kick of its predecessor , the chance to revisit a classic premise must have renewed the writer in Smith , whose banter here often achieves a sharpness and quality .









@highlight

Clerks II dishes up much of the graphic humor and some of the insight that made the 1994 original a cult hit .