Transsiberian is an entertaining film . Just do n't expect finesse-and suffer the xenophobia in silence .
A terrific combination of action , mystery and adventure
All the actors get their tickets punched , and the screenplay does n't insult anyone 's intelligence .
Mystery-train thriller chills , then goes off the rails .
Hitchcock would be proud of this trainbound suspense thriller with Woody Harrelson playing against type . A first-rate story , great action and great direction . Take the trip !
The story itself takes a few bloodcurdling turns off the tracks , with well-played action sequences .
Although it does n't go as far as Strangers on a Train , TransSiberian is worth the ride .
as Hitchcockian thrillers go , it 's one of the smarter and more absorbing ones made in recent years
All in all , the film is an excellent , if modest , alternative for moviegoers who have been blockbustered into submission this summer .
A thriller aboard the Trans-Siberian line , stretching roughly 5,000 miles from Beijing to Moscow , should be a cinch , right ? Not so fast , Casey Jones .
Unfortunately , there 's never a moment where you ca n't see Anderson and his co-writer , Will Conroy , yanking on the strings .
Director Brad Anderson throws in a red herring or two as he comments on Eurotrash and the greed-fueled lawlessness of the former Soviet Union , but he ultimately makes an even stronger statement about the dark side of female empowerment .
hearkens back to those glorious tales of intrigue and adventure that populated film screens in the 30s and 40s .
Transsiberian is a deeply engrossing film from the get go . It sucked me in with a simple , yet often overlooked , idea - interesting characters .
Transsiberian makes suspenseful and sometimes violent gestures , but it 's all decoration .
Smart , unnerving , and sharp as an icicle to the eye , Transsiberian is the chilliest of midsummer thrillers .
Transsiberian is more than a rote thriller ; it 's also a sharp character study ... actually , several studies in which the information about each character is slowly revealed and every scrap of knowledge further informs our understanding of the plot .
It effectively keeps us in the dark as to where the story is eventually heading , allowing the film to deliver enough suspense to produce some serious hang-wringing .
As Alfred Hitchcock demonstrated three times , trains make a nifty setting for a thriller .
Can you say , `` No good deed goes unpunished ? ''
Anderson uses snowy locations to impose a chilly menace on the characters , and the script ratchets the tension at a sneakily measured pace .
... a tight and terse thriller .
Transsiberian has more twists and turns in it than the real-life , extensive train route that gives this independently produced suspense-thriller its name .
The limitations of its human characters aside , the movie has a terrific feel for the chilly , remote , attentively portrayed character of its environment .
This is a slow , deliberate and carefully thought out piece for adults who like to savour rather than devour their thrills
Paranoia is right on track in this sinister , trapped-on-a-train thriller .
Takes a more cerebral route , toying with your expectations only to give you something else , whispering hints of what fate might have in store for the characters after the credits roll .
This diverting effort from writer/director Brad Anderson is a generally satisfying fish-out-of-water thriller in which two squeaky-clean Americans find themselves caught up in a web of death , drugs and disappearances .
Thrilling ice-cold thriller .
Does n't deserve a place among the classic train thrillers , but it offers enough cinematic amenities to be worth booking passage . And you wo n't need a sleeping compartment .
Transsiberian is a model of audience manipulation , a slow-fuse thriller that builds its suspense gradually , in increments , until it has becomes close to unbearable . Then it pushes things just a little further , until you 're squirming in your seat .
This is not to say that Transsiberian is wall-to-wall dread . Once it gets going ... it delivers enough electricity to keep us right near , if not completely on , the edge of our seats .
Transsiberian is fantastic .
Writer/director Brad Anderson gives us an artful , shifty-eyed take on human strengths and weakness ; his film delivers the pleasure of a conventional tale well told , with clever twists and complex characters .
Transsiberian is a paranoid , chilling train trek that borrows freely from the best Hitchcock pictures to give us that rare adult summer thriller -- ` adult ' as in not based on a comic book or video game .
Some might think this film is unbelievable , and they 're right . But , Hitchcock films are n't either . They 're just fun rollercoaster rides , so check your brain at the door and have a blast .
... it 's a little sloppy and full of convenient coincidences , but at its best roils with edgy character tensions .
A morally complex if plot-wobbly thriller set on the Trans-Siberian Express as it rockets -LRB- well , creaks and groans -RRB- through snowy forests and forgotten towns .
It takes its sweet time , but Transsiberian is a frosty , gripping ride on the terror train . It maintains the generous beat , giving audiences a nice jolt of xenophobia to go with their helping of traditional thrills .
The combination of good directing , writing , acting and film-craft make for a dramatic thriller -LRB- or dramatic thriller , if you want -RRB- that keeps you on the edge of your seat .
Transsiberian starts in neutral , taking the time to introduce its characters , and then goes from second into high like greased lightning . I was a little surprised to notice how thoroughly it wound me up . This is a good one .
Nowadays , Kingsley is a bit like the English version of Morgan Freeman - an actor with a seemingly inherent reservoir of gravitas , yet no qualms about glossy paycheck gigs .
Transsiberian shows there 's plenty of life left in the ` strangers on a train ' genre .
With its consistently clever and always unpredictable screenplay , fascinating setting , and stellar lead performance , Transsiberian is riveting from beginning to end .
In the end , while I wanted more I ca n't exactly say I felt cheated , and considering all the crap I 've endured so far this year that 's one trait I ca n't help but applaud .
It 's got that classic thriller feel where characters are slowly caught in a mousetrap and they have to find their way out . It 's a slow , menacing burn .
The patient viewer should find Trannsiberian to be a rewarding experience . Hitch would be proud .
A movie whose inspiration comes straight from the DNA of some of Hitchcock 's finest classics , Anderson 's latest is a languid , sometimes engaging thriller that unfortunately fails to elevate those existing clichés and conventions beyond the parameters of w
Terrific thriller set aboard the Russian train , with Mortimer standing out as a restless American woman with a lot to hide and more to fear .
A queasy-making train thriller directed with vibrant visual panache by Brad Anderson .
... an absolute nail-biter , one of the most plausible and best constructed thrillers in years .
Anderson and his very fine cast keep things chugging along at a breathless pace .
Has terrific Siberian location work , a carefully constructed atmosphere of creeping dread and an outstanding performance by Emily Mortimer .
A well mounted , character-cognizant combination of Hitchcock 's Strangers on a Train and Andrei Konchalovskys existentially tinged Runaway Train .
Modest thriller set aboard the titular train plays like low-suspense Hitchcock until sadly , in the last act , it derails .
Transsiberian is a cool movie -- and not just because it takes place in the sub-zero terrain of Siberia .
I 'm not saying it 's that good , but it 's a solid if sometimes messy and confusing crime story .
The execution is masterful and even as you see the building blocks of the climax being put into place , it 's a delight to watch them fit just so .
Transsiberian makes provocative connections between external and internal states , the ways that composition can reveal character .
A handsomely remodeled variation of a cherished genre you might call the mystery-train movie .
The cramped , cold setting creates an appropriately ominous atmosphere , and while Mortimer and Harrelson are noticeably mismatched , their journey together is compelling enough to make the ride worthwhile .
An atmospheric , Hitchcockian thriller set aboard a famed train route , Brad Anderson 's Transsiberian is a genuine sleeper that jump-starts an almost extinct genre .
Enjoyable train-based thriller with strong performances , gorgeous photography and some enjoyable dashes of Hitchcock scattered liberally throughout .
Even if you 've seen lots of movies of this type and can figure out exactly what 's going to happen , Anderson takes great pleasure in the pure form and execution of it .
Truly tense , entertaining and -- and here 's a word that 's rarely used to describe American movies -- unpredictable .
Anderson 's most accessible film to date .
Mortimer 's portrayal of dubious grace under pressure and an action-packed third act balance out the film 's shortcomings .
Though Anderson 's storytelling gets murky at times , it 's still a fine showcase for his versatility , adding to an impressive , under-the-radar résumé .
Transsiberian is a film that fails to make us care enough to be concerned about the peril faced by its protagonists .
It may not be relevant or particularly PC , but it is a very entertaining time capsule buried decades after its time .
Though not one for literal smoke and mirrors , master of horror Brad Anderson , with his panache for arousing fear from harried reality and rotted atmosphere , is still a shaman .
A splendid revival off the old Hitchcock train-suspense movie set aboard a most ominous train .
Transsiberian eventually reveals itself to be scatterbrained thematically .
A unique picture that left me feeling -- for the first time in a very long time -- like I 'd actually been in another place , another world ... so very different from my own .
This Hitchcockian thriller should become the most commercial film of versatile indie helmer Anderson who adds an honorable panel to the genre of train-set suspensers by updating the characters , conflicts and physical locale -LRB- from China to Russia -RRB- .
A missionary couple with unresolved marital problems falls prey to corrupt cops and horny heroin smugglers in Transsiberian , a decent thriller that derails only during a preposterous finale .
It 's gripping , suspenseful and well-acted by a starry cast but is finally let down by a plot which goes spectacularly off the rails in the final act .
While not the most original of thrillers , Transsiberian nevertheless provides enough unexpected twists and turns to make for a pleasant ride .
Clearly inspired by a few of Hitchcock 's ` train-bound ' movies , Transsiberian does n't break a lot of new ground , but it does tell a slick story in a very chilly setting .
An engagingly up-to-date melodrama steeped in local color .
Whenever you may think you know where things are going , Anderson throws a number of clever and unexpected twists that keeps you on your toes .



@highlight

Traditional in form yet effective in execution , this taut thriller updates the `` danger on a train '' scenario with atmospheric sense .