... impressive and powerful actor Frank Langella steals each and every scene ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This movie is n't terrible . It 's just forgettable .
The result just falls flat .
The film is so busy working hard to convict one rather shady character , it never convinces us of its own reason to exist .
The acting occasionally borders on great . The story itself is more than worthy . But none of that comes close to overcoming the misguided pacing and overall lack of depth .
A somewhat flawed yet ultimately satisfying thriller .
A story that 's overloaded with research and unbridled speculation , all told with no clear direction .
Filled with fact , but barren of any real story , All Good Things barely has a couple good things worth mentioning .
The end result is intriguing , with a dash of a love story here and a twisty whodunit there . A fine performance by Ryan Gosling glues the mishmash together .
All Good Things is n't a pleasurable film to experience , but it offers an uncanny evocation of a narcissistic sociopath who does n't come at us with the charm and sophistication that the typical screen bad guy has .
All Good Things is a crackerjack crime thriller .
The Duel drops us into a pool of languid provincial life -LRB- ... -RRB- Kosashvili gets the delicate falling ending of short fiction that is so hard to achieve on screen .
Ryan Gosling is sadly miscast as the villain in this poorly-written drama .
It 's not a glossy crime thriller , it 's not a Freudian family study , it 's not the tale of a doomed romance . It 's a sloppy mishmash of all those things that adds up to nothing at all .
David -LRB- Gosling -RRB- finds potential salvation in Katie -LRB- Kirsten Dunst -RRB- , a free spirit so saintlike that she verges on caricature .
Generally interesting but lost in the year-end shuffle
Jarecki never settles on what kind of story he wants to tell with these elements , and despite good performances , `` All Good Things '' veers awkwardly from love story to tragedy , from true-life mystery to black comedy .
There 's a fascinating story here for a bolder filmmaker , but after so much meandering it 's a relief that All Good Things must come to an end .
One ca n't help but think that veteran documentarian Jarecki chose to rework this material as drama to benefit his career , not the story . The result is a disjointed art film that opts for ambiguity over clarity ...
Jarecki knows how to make scenes of boisterous family reunions and quiet moments between lovers engaging : He fares less well , though , when the story takes a dark turn .
... a movie suspended between bold novelistic invention and journalistic reserve . Be it demerit or credit , Jarecki is no Truman Capote and All Good Things is no In Cold Blood .
Dunst shines brightly and puts on an acting showcase worthy of awards recognition in the supporting actress category . The picture loses its luster when her character disappears .
All Good Things is curiously underwhelming .
While the acting is superb and the film worth viewing , in this odd straddle between fact and fiction , the filmmakers miss the chance to bring more fictive power to the tale .
It 's a heavy , moody film , mimicking in its form something of the mental state of its central character , which is a nifty trick .
a rather meticulously-detailed period piece that fails almost completely to offer up any human interest in its pursuit of human truth .
... little more than 100 minutes of this-then-that storytelling that offers up a possible -LRB- even believable -RRB- explanation for its unsolved murder-mystery , but leaves the audience wholly unsatisfied with and unmoved by its conclusions .
It also feels like one man 's attempt to try another in the court of cinema , or perhaps correct the course of justice itself .
Director Andrew Jarecki , who made his name with the documentary Capturing the Friedmans , is less successful at limning family dysfunctionality in the fictional mode .
The unsolved crime turns out to be less mysterious than the mind of the killer , nervily portrayed by Gosling as not evil but unaccountably empty .
It describes a marriage that looks fine at first , but slowly turns into hell . It shows a man who seems pretty normal at first , but who later seems to turn into a psychopathic killer .
Beset with a series of miscalculated dramatic misfires , the film is a melodramatic adaptation of a tabloid-style 20/20 murder-mystery , wearyingly overstuffed with baroque detail in an effort to prop up its legitimacy .
In his first fictional feature , -LSB- Jarecki -RSB- ca n't decide whether to opt for the open-ended inquiry of a non-fiction film or the resolved storytelling of Hollywood genre movie , so he winds up stranded in between .
The second half is at once unconventional and straightforward -- the former because of the actual content , the latter in terms of structure in which it 's presented .
Despite another fascinating performance by Gosling , ... Andrew Jarecki 's picture does n't meld its mixture of fact , speculation , psychoanalysis and brooding atmosphere into a convincing whole .
Gosling and co-stars Kirsten Dunst and Frank Langella do n't do anything wrong here but the movie is such a mash-up of tones , fiction , and reality that it never comes together into anything coherent .
Kirsten Dunst is so good here as a woman at a loss to understand who her husband really is , and what the true nature of his family involves .
If you see only one Ryan Gosling movie this holiday season , make it Andrew Jarecki 's `` All Good Things . ''
Too bad it 's not a doc , which might have revealed the secrecy and confusion that led to such a legendary case remaining unsolved .
The story is certainly scintillating . ... But Jarecki utilizes courtroom testimony to frame the narrative ... a gimmick that rings disingenuous in the final analysis .
You never feel you can trust that Jarecki knows what he 's doing , which becomes even more problematic when the movie asks us to believe its theory about an unsolved crime .
`` All Good Things '' has the eerie power of a nightmare .
As excellent as Gosling is - and the actor conveys the stillness of the man as well as the voices screaming in his head - Dunst matches him stride for stride .
Fortunately the director has the services of Kirsten Dunst , who delivers a skillfully naturalistic performance as the doomed wife , who by default becomes the movie 's emotional focus .
Lurid tabloid story , ripped from the day 's headlines .
It 's a strange , thrilling tale begrimed by bad memories , by bad deeds .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Dunst is not the only person doing quality work in `` All Good Things , '' but she is the only one worth watching .
You watch it wanting to scurry off to read accounts of the real thing , rather than being caught up in the filmmaking .
As fiction , it would be merely dull . But the movie purports to be based on fact , and its amateur psychoanalyzing feels insufficient , intrusive , speculative , self-serving .
beneath the surface are all kinds of questions about power and wealth and the cyclical nature of familial tragedy , and while they break through from time to time , it is never enough to give the film more depth than a TrueTV documentary
Andrew Jarecki makes the leap from documentary to feature film and his lack of experience in directing actors shows
Ryan Gosling and Kirsten Dunst are excellent ... -LRB- The film -RRB- is thoroughly engrossing but somewhat frustrating in the end .
Quotidian , emotionless storytelling .
As absorbing and detailed as `` All Good Things '' is , it never manages to levitate beyond tawdry movie-of-the-week voyeurism .
All Good Things is a terrible miscalculation , one that should have been , given his history , glaringly obvious to its director . If this film had been made as a traditional documentary , this would likely be a very different review .
The performances offer much to admire , while the story fails to provide the chilling intensity it so clearly wants to generate .
The script draws insistently obvious psychological connections .
Gosling is given the barest blueprint of a life gone terribly wrong and the actor struggles to make something out of nothing , though he does manage to give the older David an aura of weirdness that is downright creepy .
It 's difficult , ultimately , to discern the point of the movie , other than to comment on how depressing and futile it all is .
Ambiguous , ineptly fictionalized psychological thriller that does n't ring true , leaving the audience emotionally detached and disappointed .
A soap opera that stands at a distance from its characters -LRB- that distance being the length of a lawyer 's briefcase -RRB-
It devolves into a misshapen flop with no shape to the narrative and no larger truths to be gained .
Do n't believe this film 's title .
... queasy , claustrophobic mood
Jarecki 's telling of the Robert Durst story flails too far off course , too often , to retain the viewer 's good faith .
Oscar will not be one of all good things that All Good Things might receive .
There 's plenty of information on what -LRB- might have -RRB- happened , but not much thought given to why .
It 's a pretty picture or would be if the ominous music and camera position did n't seem directed at the man portentously lurking in the background .
... a tedious , thoroughly pointless piece of work that boasts few attributes designed to capture the viewer 's interest .
Jarecki , the wealthy co-founder of Moviefone who directed the acclaimed documentary `` Capturing the Friedmans , '' here presents another memorable portrait of a dysfunctional family over three decades .
The film ends up wrestling itself into a corner , though it 's saved by a corrosive central performance from Ryan Gosling and a disconcertingly hypnotic feel .
Although the movie posits a solution to an infamous missing person 's case , it does so in a manner that is less than satisfying .
for all its strong performances and impressive style , no great effort can overcome a story so inextricably tethered to shapeless real-life conspiracy .
All Good Things throws so many narrative balls in the air that you may struggle to catch up . It 's worth the effort . Jarecki is a master of the telling detail .
The film is an awkward combination of tragic love story and tawdry tabloidism , elements which may have , as in the case of `` Capturing the Friedmans , '' worked in conjunction in a non-fiction format .
Proves disappointingly timid .
Bad things happen , Jarecki says with panache , but he does n't have much to say about why ; he 's more interested in the how .
The movie is so poorly directed and choppily edited that it fails as a portrait of obsessive , pathological love and as a murder mystery inspired by some real and creepy events .
Considering the facts of the still-unsolved Robert Durst case , this underwhelming docudrama from Andrew Jarecki should leave more of an impression .
This feverishly creepy but dramatically miscalculated picture reps an unhappy marriage of murky psychodrama and dubious theorizing .
What we have here is a somewhat higher grade of a Lifetime true-crime picture .
Things does n't nail that riveting tone , or any tone for that matter . It grazes along a field of clichés and anemic confrontations , leaving David a bizarrely unchallenged enigma of a man .
You go away slack-jawed with shock and sated with the chilling bedtime-story elements of a great unsolved mystery novel you ca n't put down .
It 's a juicy story , though that does n't excuse Jarecki from fixating above all else on the tabloid-ready twists and pop-psychological turns of Durst 's story .
The case-history script is ever on-message , but Jarecki ignores the little details that create a credible social reality .
All Good Things is thoroughly engrossing , a roman a clef that chillingly ponders a puzzle and suggests solutions outlandish enough to be stranger than anything Hollywood , on its own , could make up .
A believably creepy tale that forces the audience to draw its own conclusions about what did and did n't happen .
Jarecki gets fine performances from all hands .
An unsettling psychological thriller centered on three riveting performances .
The movie never jells .
-LSB- Offers -RSB- merely tantalizing speculation from afar rather than up-close-and-personal character and thematic insights .
Andrew Jarecki makes the leap to narrative features with a false start .
It takes more than a little ambiguity and amateur-hour psychoanalysis to make Gosling 's cipher the basis of an engaging screen drama .
A documentary on the same subject would have alleviated a lot of its problems . With someone of Andrew Jarecki 's non-fiction background at the helm , it would n't have been tough to do -- or a bad idea .
A slow , melancholy tale of murder of how it pays to be rich if you want to get away with it .

@highlight

It 's well-acted , and the true story that inspired it offers plenty of drama -- which is why it 's so frustrating that All Good Things is so clichéd and frustratingly ambiguous .