Grim , taut and smartly paced , Kill The Messenger is undoubtedly one of the best crime-dramas of the year . Watch it .
The acting in Kill The Messenger ca n't be faulted . I just wish the movie itself was as focused and driven as Renner 's performance .
Come for the acting , but not much else .
The movie is full of fine actors doing fine work in so-so roles ... Their performances , rather than Michael Cuesta 's uncertain direction , give the movie its considerable energy .
The script by former journalist Peter Landesman , who recently directed the medical drama Concussion , does a good job of simplifying a complex real-life chain of events .
The film does n't demand that you now respect Webb or sing his praises , but it does ask you to look at the cracks in that tranquil façade , and to keep looking , no matter how much it seems to fracture .
The first half of the movie captivates as it runs through his impressive investigation . But the fallout from Webb 's scoop is less enthralling and the story loses traction as it focuses on his crumbling personal life .
The muddled movie contains all the elements of a top-notch muckraker , deployed erratically and to increasingly diminished returns .
It 's sporadically gripping but ultimately rather frustrating fare , leaving us intrigued enough by the conspiracy-theory backstory to want hard documentary evidence rather than mere dramatic licence .
Jeremy Renner is on terrific form ... but the rest of the movie does n't quite live up to his impressively nuanced performance .
-LSB- Renner gives -RSB- is a rousing performance but the film is a little one-dimensional in its portrayal of Webb as a result .
Kill the Messenger is earnest and righteous but almost entirely lacking in thrills .
An absorbing , briskly handled account of true events with strong work from Jeremy Renner as swashbuckling , self-righteous reporter Gary Webb .
It 's no surprise to find that Cuesta has also directed episodes of the superb TV drama Homeland ; he knows how to escalate tension , and also how to fold his protagonist 's domestic dramas into the story .
It 's hard to look away as his world unwinds .
Although skilfully made and often exciting , Kill the Messenger ultimately fails to flog us its key contention .
Kill the Messenger is lacking in suspense , and given the nature of this film , and the way our protagonist becomes paranoid when becoming the subject of his own story - here 's a film that needs a higher level of intensity .
A passionate and intense drama - fueled by a fierce Jeremy Renner - that furiously underscores the problem of lickspittle corporate ` journalism . '
In his best performance since The Hurt Locker , Jeremy Renner fires on all cylinders as Webb , a man searching for truth , and perhaps glory .
A saddening story of a principled man left disillusioned , discredited and disowned .
Not since 2003 's Shattered Glass has the journalistic pursuit of truth been presented on screen as such a mortally serious matter of honour .
Solid , though director Michael Cuesta does n't have the journalistic balls of his subject .
Jeremy Renner is superb as a reporter ruined by his biggest story , but The Parallax View this is n't .
Had Cuesta dug a bit deeper around these characters , he might have struck gold . As it is , Kill the Messenger is worth writing home about .
Part political exposé , part character study , Kill the Messenger feels too much like a polemic , and too little like a human drama , failing to entertain as well as it informs .
... the type of well-intentioned docudrama more likely to leave your head shaking than your pulse pounding .
Director Michael Cuesta does an admirable job with a capable cast .
Kill the Messenger painstakingly makes the case that it tells a story which matters but fails to tell us why we should be outraged .
If Kill the Messenger champions anything , it 's that Renner 's Oscar racing days go well beyond The Hurt Locker . It 's not an `` if '' anymore ; it 's a matter of `` when . ''
The film heightened my interest in this small piece of history so it 's effective in that regard .
The unpretentious , no-nonsense adult realism of Sidney Lumet permeates the style of journalism thriller Kill The Messenger , and that 's a delightful thing .
A tough-as-nails , deep-browed drama that proves , once again , that doing the right can often backfire on you , especially when dealing with the hypocritical vagaries of the modern media .
Michael Cuesta 's movie , notable for a fine lead performance by Jeremy Renner as Webb , is capable and suggestive but it never attains definitive proof .
Tense journalism thriller examines CIA-Contra scandal .
This taut drama becomes a treasure trove for conspiracy buffs with its exploration of government propaganda , spin doctors and cover-ups .
Kill The Messenger is a sturdy addition to cinema 's esteemed investigative journalism sub-genre .
While I was grateful to learn about this important story , the film only receives a pass mark for bringing it to our attention and for Renner , who as the star and producer was understandably passionate about the project .
Renner brings a dogged yet ebullient quality to Webb . It 's a terrific , wound-up yet thoughtful performance that conveys a sense of conviction with an undercurrent of fragility .
Despite his reputation as an action film star , Renner plays a character whose enemies are the Washington Post and a cowardly management at his own paper . The drama is over the struggle to get out the truth , a permanent part of our culture .
Renner displays a man beaten down by overwhelming forces , who , despite fighting back as best he can , is transformed into an industry pariah through government lies and intimidation , as well as hostility from fellow professionals .
Just about the saddest movie of the season , particularly for men and women in the news industry .
It is everything you expect a crusading reporter movie to be -- and therein lies the ultimate problem , because it 's also nothing more .
A great cast is about all that helps a film based-on-a-true-story peek at a Reagan administration scandal .
Kill the Messenger may not be the most exciting film you will see this year , but there are plenty of good performances from great actors in cameo roles .
Rather than exploring the voracious media culture that built Webb up and then tore him down , the film keeps the focus on the man himself .
Kill the Messenger does a credible if not dazzling job . In fact , the movie is a lot like the reporting that inspired it : a good introduction to a diabolically tangled tale .
Gary Webb 's story is one that actor/producer Jeremy Renner is passionate about , with his portrayal of the controversial journalist filled with grit , emotion and weight .
When the hero becomes the goat ...
Explosive and riveting story .
If you are n't concerned about whether or not what you are watching actually happened the way this film tells it , this is a pretty entertaining film . Who knows the truth ? But , as Robert DeNiro said in The Last Tycoon -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , that 's the movies !
Cuesta is a gifted helmer , great with gritty , streetwise tales of survival , and moments score in the feature . There are just not enough of them to shake off a few questions of authenticity concerning Webb 's painful decline .
Suspenseful political thriller , focusing on the fate of yet another truth-seeking whistleblower .
Where the film stumbles is in finding any deeper meaning in Webb 's struggle , beyond showing how badly he got screwed in his pursuit of the truth .
Clichés and obviousness litter the movie .
It 's ironic that in the end , `` Kill the Messenger '' is let down by its writing , in that there 's just too much of it .
Just when you 're ready to dismiss Kill the Messenger for being purposely sluggish the film devours your attention with exceptional performances and a story so controversial you ca n't help but be intrigued .
It 's his Watergate . He has a `` Deep Throat '' . Terrific thriller with a great performance by Renner but fails to bring the family 's lives to life .
Unfolds carefully , like a journalistic mystery thriller ... Directed with tense skill .
Jeremy Renner is a force of nature in this taut , thrilling and completely devastating true tale . Kill the Messenger will enthrall you , horrify you and , most importantly , it will light your fire .
`` Kill the Messenger '' is an extremely powerful film -- and one that is so important historically .
With this career-best performance , Renner should at least be in the discussion for another Academy nod .
Though well-acted and at moments thrilling , `` Messenger '' fails to satisfy as a story of the little guy taking on government corruption -- because the little guy is crushed and there is no bigger narrative payoff .
This is a complicated tale , not easy to bring to the screen in under two hours , but director Michael Cuesta manages the task nicely .
The message is bleak , depressing and all too true , but killing the messenger -- in this case -- only reaffirms the underlying disease .
Kill the Messenger takes on dense material , and for the most part makes it feel important without feeling heavy or overstuffed .
It 's oversold and under-reported . But Kill the Messenger flies high on Jeremy Renner 's all-stops-out performance as 1990s-era journalist Gary Webb . Flaws aside , the film inspires a moral outrage that feels disconcertingly timely .
Rather than a fiercely intelligent , live-wire exposé , the well-intentioned picture comes across as weak-tea drama that never fully justifies its docudramatic form .
The story of a crusading reporter 's determined search for truth , `` Kill The Messenger '' gains its not-inconsiderable power by not being the kind of movie that particular description might lead you to expect .
Renner 's Webb is goateed , intense and flawed .
Perhaps a mini-series on HBO or some similar channel would have made it feel more complete . As it stands , it 's good , but it 's not as brilliant as it likely could have been . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Kill the Messenger is best enjoyed by taking the ` based on a true story ' label loosely .
A sturdy if uneven film that will leave audiences disillusioned -- and perhaps a bit horrified -- about truth , justice and what it contends is the real American way .
A resonant journalistic cautionary tale gets packaged as a hokey thriller in Kill the Messenger , a movie with a message that is n't nearly as urgent as it needs to be .
Drugs , government , truths , mustaches . `` Kill the Messenger '' is an admirable journalism thriller that takes on a lot of big subjects .
If this movie is any guide , Webb 's later years deserve a film of their own . We ought to know more about this fascinating character . And we ought to see more of the fully engaged actor playing him .
Kill the Messenger does a fine job of dramatizing Webb 's reporting . The suspense reminds one of All the President 's Men , if the structure and writing pale in comparison .
A serious , interesting film about a very simple concept : The Truth . And how very complicated that can sometimes become .
What 's missing is some expression of the emotional and psychological toll on Gary beyond the basic acknowledgement that these events are affecting him ...
Renner 's performance has enormous integrity , illuminating the murky compromises and betrayals he exposes and the ones that get the better of him as well .
Jeremy Renner has n't been this good since The Hurt Locker -LRB- although most of his output since then has been in popcorn movies - hey , the guy needs to make a living -RRB- .
The film falters as the story swells and churns ...
It 's an engrossing portrait not only of government intrigue and crusading after the truth , but of media and their tangled motivations .
-LSB- Renner -RSB- inhabits the character completely , digging into the role with the same wo n't - let-go fierceness Webb himself displayed when newsworthy information came his way .
If the pacing sags a little , and the scale is more modest than the 60 Minutes scandal at the heart of The Insider , Kill the Messenger is still crisp , smart and gutsy .
A period piece set in a distant time when investigative journalism still mattered : the late '90s .
The film tells the story from Webb 's point of view without exonerating him . In fact , we never learn enough about just what was and was n't true , or how far Webb stretched the truth .
If the screenplay to `` Kill the Messenger '' were a news story , any capable copydesk would have kicked it back to the reporter-not for a shortage of facts , but a lack of dramatic soul .
While leaving room for doubt , the filmmakers clearly take his side and are persuasive in their reporting .
`` Kill the Messenger '' achieves the jittery tension of `` The Insider , '' if not quite the righteous fervor of `` All the President 's Men . ''
Director Michael Cuesta , a veteran of HBO 's Homeland , imparts enough paranoid-thriller ambience to propel the complex story .
Given the current zeitgeist , audiences are unlikely to be shocked by the viciousness of both the press and the U.S. government . That 's simply the new normal .
To his credit , Cuesta is interested not only in the darkest side of democracy , but in how Webb 's fiery work impacts his personal life .
It 's the Gary Webb movie that Gary Webb would have wanted , for better and for worse .
A solid fact-based period piece ... anchored by a vivid performance by Jeremy Renner ... a welcome throwback to the days of activist Hollywood David-vs . - Goliath films .
Kill the Messenger is a David-and-Goliath story where truth is the slingshot - a fragile weapon that needs to score a fatal hit before the big guy gets mad .
Kill the Messenger made me so angry over the apparent injustice done to its journalist hero , Gary Webb -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- , that I found it hard to remain in my seat .
Despite the film 's heavy-handed effort at vindication , Renner manages to deliver a performance that is complex and satisfyingly contradictory .
While the chronological details and social significance of the story Webb reported get shortchanged , `` Kill the Messenger '' is a vital reminder that a free press must be free to press the powerful for answers .
I greatly admire the film for telling this story - which is a fascinating and important one - but `` Kill the Messenger '' only occasionally lives up to the fascination of the tale
`` Kill the Messenger '' displays the same anesthetized quality that Webb 's dedication to his job was meant to counteract . Renner is a different story .
`` Kill the Messenger '' tells an interesting tale , but it 's caught in an odd zone between too-Hollywood and not Hollywood enough . If only screenwriters got to choreograph real life .
Easily -LSB- Renner 's -RSB- best work since Hurt Locker , like watching optimism shattering in slow-motion .
Kill the Messenger is an intriguing , chilling and briskly paced film that , despite its flaws , seems particularly timely , given the level of distrust for the government and its intelligence-gathering efforts .
Not a great movie , but a great vehicle for Jeremy Renner .
This engrossing drama shows how pulling a string can unravel the world .
This story deserves to be told , and this movie is n't a bad telling . It just would n't cut it as pure fiction ; it 's more informative than entertaining .
A gripping , thoughtful picture .
Webb deserves this level of respect , but he also deserves a film as unafraid of going against convention as he was .
Renner , also a producer of the movie , makes the fatal mistake of rendering a complicated figure a simple warrior for facts .
Still , this cinematic ride is well worth the bumps , thanks to Renner 's intense performance of journalist as cowboy who goes to extremes to lasso that story , and the film 's exploration of government bad behavior .
To use the parlance of journalism , Kill the Messenger buries the lede ...
A drama made memorable by a Jeremy Renner 's mercurial performance as the passionate investigative journalist Gary Webb .
A very good performance in a somewhat incomplete and less than wholly satisfying historical expose
A spare , compelling film that pulls you along with the insistence of hounds after the fox ... offers an important story - and a glimpse of what our media world has since become .
The film devolves quickly into a pedestrian character study that basks in Gary Webb 's public shaming and victimization , losing sight of the bravery and probing talent that characterized his writing .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Kill the Messenger '' is a frustrating movie . It fails both as a brief biopic and as a political thriller . It works somewhat as a sketch character study , but that 's not enough to satisfy a movie audience .
Jeremy Renner is the main reason to see `` Kill the Messenger . ''
A cautionary tale about what might easily transpire whenever the Fourth Estate is willing to serve as the Fifth Column rather than as a government watchdog .
Kill the Messenger is powerfully relevant today .
Renner appears completely immersed in his role and when the clouds of doubt accumulate and the man becomes a professional pariah , it 's a painful thing to see .
Delivers a searing criticism of contemporary America 's tendency to miss the most important elements of a story .
An `` issue film '' worth seeing .
Ultimately jejune and hokey in spots , ` Messenger ' has a lot of heart and passion . It 's even soulful in its best quiet moments , but the well-meaning film does n't possess the skills to transform admirable ambitions into something with lasting resonance .
The intent of the film , and its timeliness , are beyond reproach , but that does n't make `` Kill the Messenger '' as stirring or inspiring of indignation as it clearly wants to be .
Jeremy Renner gives his best performance since ` The Hurt Locker ' in this assiduous , engrossing drama about the late investigative reporter Gary Webb .

@highlight

Kill the Messenger 's potent fury over the tale of its real-life subject overrides its factual inaccuracies and occasional narrative stumbles .