In a lame attempt to amuse older teens , She 's the Man manages to alienate the parents of the younger ones with tampon jokes .
Fails to make the most of its source material by trimming Shakespeare 's plot and squeezing it into a vacuous high school comedy .
She 's the Man arrives with much ado about something : a seasoned concept and qualified birthright that supports its traditionalism and rests upon its potential .
Anything resembling real wit or charm is strictly A.W.O.L. .
A comedy that lacks both the verbal sophistication of its source and the sexual sophistication of its target audience .
... there are certainly more than enough elements within the film to warrant a mild recommendation among older viewers ...
watching it helps you realize that you 're not 12 anymore , and you ca n't be watching movies like this . Unless , of course , you 're still 12 , so you 'll probably be cheering for Amanda Bynes
The utter absence of humor , charm , originality , or intelligence leaves this to rank among the worst of all recent teen comedies .
The movie is noisy , obnoxious and wildly overacted , as if Fickman planned it to play only on a Sony PSP .
Byrnes is an absolute delight ... it kicks goals
She 's the Man is cleverer than the average teen movie , but it gets so wrapped up in plot mechanics that it loses the characters
I ca n't wait to see Lindsay Lohan do a version of Hamlet .
Bynes tackles her part with gusto , while Tatum underplays his to striking effect .
The high school hijinks may entertain the young , but those more familiar with the Bard will recognise this as a wasted opportunity .
A minor but decent-spirited entertainment , enlivened by a couple of the adult supporting players .
Amanda Bynes is an extremely likeable actress and she does a pretty good job of passing as a boy , though she 's a little over-reliant on comedy mugging at times .
Implausible as she is , her voice-changing , artificial guy-speak , and penchant for causing fights makes the whole film fun and watchable .
Its kooky hybrid of slapstick gender jokes already had whiskers on 'em in Shakespeare 's day .
Bynes 's character is never convincing enough to fool a newborn .
Up until the last 10 minutes or so , I hated everything about this movie .
One of the charms of this romantic teen comedy is its speed : even its sex change is a remarkably carefree , no-fuss event .
Hollywood should give pre-teens more credit ; they read Shakespeare , and even comprehend the intricacies of the stories .
Earns higher grades than the average high-school comedy .
One of those rare movies that are n't so good , yet you would n't mind seeing it again .
Filled with bogus teen-speak and homosexual panic , smothered in a cutesy score and decked out with generic pop songs that have little relation to the plot .
It 's stupid , dull and toothless , and a classic example of why the next generation is increasingly staying away from the movie theaters . Is this all Hollywood thinks of them ?
The script is too busy trumpeting gender divide stereotypes to give Bynes ' character Viola a chance to learn something .
There I sit , suffering total numbness of body and brain , no longer having to wonder what it might be like to be buried alive in gooey marshmallow .
A minor gender bender
Sometimes it works , and sometimes it does n't .
She 's the Man is foremost an excellent showcase for Bynes .
Mere words can not convey how awful Bynes is at playing a girl playing a boy .
For Bynes , it 's a chance to show a bit of range ... However , if you 're not a casting agent or a teenager , you might want to pick another movie instead .
Andy Fickman 's indifferent direction only exemplifies the inefficient writing , which is inferior to the scribes ' previous efforts , and too many plot points are glossed over in music montages .
The immensely talented Amanda Bynes makes this updating of ` Twelfth Night ' fun to watch .
Some are still-born , some achieve mediocrity , and some have cliches forced upon them .
Amanda Bynes is so damn likeably perky that she can even make this simplified teen comedy version of Shakespeare 's Twelfth Night enjoyable .
I found myself laughing at a lot more jokes than I 'd expected , and squirming in empathy with Viola 's discomfort far more often than I would have liked .
Not intended to charm adults , but teen girls will love it .
The big problem is that most of the schtick does n't work very well , not that Bynes ca n't do it , but it seems almost nobody else can , and those who do are stuck in parts that are half baked cartoons .
Got ta love how Amanda Bynes will always rather get laughs than just look pretty .
As was proven with 10 Things I Hate about You , it is possible to re-imagine the Bard in a modern high school setting , but She 's the Man does n't do it well .
It 's as if this movie about a girl posing as a boy was unsure of what to be , so it decided to be crass .
It 's Shakespeare For Absent Dummies , no cram notes needed .
She 's the Man has a certain charm and is sure to appeal to tweens , at least the female variety .
More often than not it 's the slapstick elements , predictably occasioned by gender confusion , that get the laughs .
It will certainly appeal to its target audience , and Bynes is charming enough to carry the whole film on her shoulders , which is a good thing considering that she 's in just about every scene and leading man .
Simply put , this is horrible .
If music be the food of -LSB- teen -RSB- love , play on . Just so long as Amanda Bynes is the player .
Amanda Bynes makes the movie with her goofy awkwardness ... and it helps that the supporting characters are fun .
She 's the Man is a bit of a mess .
No one under 12 need rush out to see She 's the Man .
A cross-dressing comedy that 's all dressing can only , well , leave you cross .
Energetic but lacking the wit of 10 Things I Hate About You , it requires a suspension of disbelief that only comes from taking too many soccer balls to the head .
She 's the Man , like 10 Things , is all about shrewd young women and the decent boys who -LRB- eventually -RRB- love them . Its heart is in the right place .
She 's the Man , based on the Bard 's changing-room farce Twelfth Night , is a decent little piffle well-suited for boy-crazy fifth-graders .
This chipper outing bills itself as a modern version of Twelfth Night , but it 's really just another excuse for Amanda Bynes to be cute .
She 's the Man retains much of Twelfth Night 's discombobulation and many of its names but is aimed , unlike the original , at the cherry-lip-gloss demographic .
As in Bynes ' 2003 film What a Girl Wants , She 's the Man wraps her up in a tidy romantic-comedy package with a generically non-threatening piece of Teen Beat eye candy .
It 's not Shakespeare . It is n't even The O.C. . But She 's the Man still has enough energy to make it slightly better than the usual teen comedy throwaway .
The film is generally likable and pretty good-natured , but its proclivity for crude jokes and dumb slapstick eventually bring it down .
Movies such as She 's the Man are almost beyond anyone 's rating system . Tweens , at least those who are allowed to attend PG-13 movies , may have fun ; no one else need apply .
She 's the Man , modeled on that gender-bending Shakespeare masterpiece , is harmless fun for the 12-year-olds who should make up the core audience .
You do n't have to know Twelfth Night to have fun at She 's the Man . But brushing up on your Shakespeare can be good for a few inside chuckles .
As you can imagine , sticking a girl dressed up as a boy into a dorm with hunky boys lusting for girls is the stuff of comic mix-ups , and in She 's the Man , we have plenty .
I did n't for one second believe the plot of She 's the Man , but I did believe for the entire movie that Amanda Bynes was lovable .
She 's the Man , a screwball comedy that made me wish I were 13 again , because this is precisely the kind of movie I would have gone nuts for in the ninth grade .
Cutsey and wholesome , filled with silly , superficial slapstick , it turns out to be far more cheesy than it should .
Amidst all the gender-bending farce , the movie has a smart absurdist streak that allows for smaller giggles in the corners .
If you shut one eye you can almost believe this is Shakespeare .
About what you 'd expect from a teen romantic comedy , but nothing special . After all , it ai n't Shakespeare . Oh wait ... I guess it is .
Gets by because it knows it 's dorky . It 's happily dorky . It 's proudly dorky .
Bynes is just never believable as a guy , really , but she 's got so much confidence she very nearly bluffs her way through .
The filmmakers took the correct route of not taking this premise seriously , so the movie winds up being unexpectedly and endearingly goofy .
For all my trepidation , a weird thing happened as I watched the movie . Slowly , even craftily , the silly darn thing began to sneak up on me .
Bynes elevates the material with her spunk , and deserves most of the credit keeping `` Man '' away from tedium with her resolve to keep the film fluffy and silly .
we get treated to more mistaken identities than a bad episode of Three 's Company -LRB- a Cindy Snow/Jenilee Harrison-era episode , not the classic comedy of Suzanne Somers -RRB- .
Given the amount of time Bynes spends mugging and overselling her lines , a more accurate title would have been ` She 's the Ham . '
Stays in tried , true , safe territory and succeeds . It 's a date movie for teens ... nothing more , nothing less .
If the squealing 7th grade girls at my screening were any indication , She 's the Man has clearly nailed its target for adolescent-swoony frivolity .
The flick , saddled with strained , shticky direction by Andy Fickman , never takes full advantage of its premise , and Bynes bugs her eyes and mugs her way through the role .
This is a perfectly pleasant , entertaining and often witty romp with engaging performances .
There 's a sweetness about it that wins you over .
The protagonist 's stupidity is a powerful , brutish force , a fog that hangs over the entire film like a stench .
The ensuing complications -- romantic , social , sporty -- are modeled on Twelfth Night , although the tone of the movie -LRB- hysterical peppiness -RRB- and style of acting -LRB- emphatic grotesquerie -RRB- are more suited to campy Off Broadway musicals .
The opening credit sequence , a soccer game on the beach , sets a bright and brashly kinetic tone that keeps things bouncy as all of the characters and plot points come together for a happily ever after ending .
Loses the most important part of Shakespeare : his insight into human behavior .
The humor is pretty much what you 'd expect .
While I liked She 's the Man , I liked it better when it was called Just One of the Boys , a semi-forgotten 1985 farce .
As teen comedies go , this one hits most of the right marks . The cast is solid . The story is fast-paced and funny . And most importantly , I laughed and laughed .
Confusion runs amok . But it 's all upbeat , oh-so-cute confusion .
It leaves viewers wanting more -- if not more Bard , then at least more of its hyperkinetic , unabashed young star .
Once again , Hollywood makes the mistaken assumption that cribbing Shakespearean plots and dumping the poetry will somehow download the Bard 's brilliance .
Shakespeare set to the tribal beat of the high school mating dance is entertaining stuff .
The thing that She 's the Man deserves to be remembered for the most ? Concrete proof that Amanda Bynes , no doubt about it , has what it takes to be a movie star .
Obvious and cute in the way of so many teen comedies , but it 's brighter and quicker on its feet than most .
The machinery of Shakespeare 's cross-dressing lark is so airtight that it works , even with the flip fidelity paid to the original by the writers of She 's the Man .
She 's the Man amounts to little more than softcore porn for the tween set , with aesthetics ripped from the pages of the Abercrombie & Fitch catalog .
Though somewhat gifted as a physical comedienne , in Bynes ' world , acting like a boy means you talk like a cross between Adam Sandler in The Waterboy and someone with a learning disability .
Is being a Paul Walker protégé really all that desirable ?
At least Andy Fickman 's proto-feminist romp has the wherewithal to score some of its female empowerment action to a bubblegum pop/rock rendition of The Mary Tyler Moore Show theme song .
Bynes , as likable and energetic as she is , is about as masculine as Tinker Bell and just ca n't pull off the male transfer . It 's impossible to believe classmates might believe she 's a guy , but maybe they could mistake her for Velma from `` Scooby-Doo . ''
-LSB- It 's -RSB- not just bad , it may actually be able to kill brain cells .
Bynes does such a good job as a boy that it comes across as funny and entertaining , even if you have graduated from high school .
Bynes , with her chipmunk cheeks and goggly eyes , comes off more like some bizarre third sex -- Davy Jones after an infusion of estrogen .
The movie 's silliness is both its curse and its gift . If you can make it through its cheesy first part , you 'll begin to be charmed by the actors and the characters they play .
Its star 's interpretation of teenage manhood for some reason involves talking like an effeminate Alabaman .
Amanda Bynes ... tackles the lead role of Viola/Sebastian with enough enthusiasm to wring laughs from the retread story .
She 's the Man gathers up enough energy and likeable goodwill that it almost skirts past some extremely strained passages in which Bynes plays out being a boy .
She 's the Man fails to exploit the myriad comedic possibilities , settling instead for broad , unconvincing slapstick aimed at 12-year-olds and gags Shakespeare would have rejected as ancient .



@highlight

Shakespeare 's wit gets lost in translation with She 's the Man 's broad slapstick , predictable jokes , and unconvincing plotline .