One of the most exceptional , down to Earth portrayals of childhood and adolescence in the face of tragedy I 've ever seen ...
... generally succeeds in spite of its various deficiencies .
-LSB- An -RSB- intelligent and edgy story that allows believable characters and their interpersonal dynamics to come alive as sinister undercurrents ripple below .
The kids help get the film past its messy , low-budget look , aided by a strong ensemble of familiar adult faces .
It does n't sound like a barrel of laughs , but -LSB- director Michael -RSB- Cuesta finds wry humour in tragic situations while at the same time thickening the air with quiet foreboding .
One of the films of the year . Unmissable .
... a film that never quite equals the sum of its many intriguing parts .
With his modestly impressive young actors and moody lens , Cuesta finds the normal in the extreme .
A refracted glimpse of American suburbia through the eyes of three pre-teens grappling with grief , reprisal and loneliness , the film boasts some great adolescent performances but ca n't overcome a rigidly partitioned structure and tonal inconsistency .
A gripping drama examining the pains and frustrations -- and also the hidden strengths -- of youth .
Though occasionally clumsy , it manages to accurately re-create the especial lonely pain of nascent pubescence , the shock of change and the feeling that no one has ever lived through the sort of emotional weather you 're required to endure .
The film careens from crisis to crisis . Yet each time it threatens to spin out of control , -LSB- director Michael -RSB- Cuesta demonstrates a firm hand that keeps us leaning in with interest .
The children are operating without a safety net or a script typed with kid gloves , and that makes it all the more easy to fear for and sympathize with them , even as the plot takes outlandish twists .
-LSB- Director Michael -RSB- Cuesta has found a terrific cast .
Twelve is n't always easy to watch . But it feels emotionally authentic -- not exploitive , not farfetchedly quirky .
The kids are very effective . Some laughs seem right , others catch in your throat . There is honest feeling , not sneering .
From the parents to the children , the cast is uniformly excellent . Weizenbaum and Renner deserve special mention for handling a potentially unsettling relationship with care .
Twelve and Holding unfortunately breaks down by trying to wrap up its problems too neatly .
A film that has a lot of good individual ingredients but no real idea of how to pull them all together into a satisfying whole .
Cipriano and Cuesta push things too far , as the kids ' behavior moves from merely obsessive to downright sociopathic .
Even if childhood innocence seems to be going the way of the hula hoop , Cuesta is far too willing to throw the baby out with the bathwater .
Raw and unpredictable . It 's also compelling .
It 's a lot of drama to pack into just more than 90 minutes , and Cuesta 's low-key visual approach plays nicely against the film 's roiling passions and over-the-top -LRB- some might say too over-the-top -RRB- final act .
Flawed but compassionate study of kids struggling with grown-up issues without much adult supervison .
The excellent casting and acting , the strong script and subtle plotting build into a carefully crafted roller coaster ride .
The young actors are strong enough to triumph over the weaknesses of the script .
An intriguing -- if not indelible -- portrait of the difficulty of being not just an adolescent , but the parent of one .
The stories coexist without intersecting , and the film would benefit from a stronger narrative spine , but bringing together three such gifted young actors in a single film is a minor miracle .
Cipriano and ... Cuesta -LRB- L.I.E. -RRB- show realism , tender regard , and the benefit of the doubt for their young characters , but little of the same to their childish parents .
Cuesta entices extraordinary performances out of his young actors .
The children are precocious about some things and hopelessly naive about others , just like in real life , and the performances from Michael Cuesta 's young cast are remarkable .
One of those American indie films that can be filed into the diagnostic category of Facile with Delusions of Profundity .
Follows the youngsters over the course of a tumultuous year , during which time Cuesta and screenwriter Anthony Cipriano succeed in making the audience care desperately whether they 're okay and whether the adults in their lives do the right thing .
Cuesta proves a master with his young cast , coaxing memorable performances from Weizenbaum , Camacho and Donovan
Directors like Todd Solondz and Larry Clark are fond of tormenting and exploiting their young characters , but Cuesta seems to sympathize with his .
These are strange , heartbreaking , emotionally wounded kids . I found myself rooting for them . But the adults are caricatures , -LSB- and -RSB- the film feels condescending in parts .
Twelve and Holding is a tale of young friends who deal with death and family crises .
Tough and troubling drama .
Illuminating and unsettling .
That a film about kids dares to be so without being exploitive or easy is both astonishing and admirable , if also shockingly harsh at times .
The film is as oblivious as the adults .
Twelve and Holding could have been a series of horror stories , but the filmmakers and their gifted young actors somehow negotiate the horrors and generate a deep sympathy .
Cuesta prizes curiosity and perception over conflict resolution . He likes the way kids take their cues from adults and the ways they revolt against them .
The trio of youths at the heart of first-time screenwriter Anthony S. Cipriano 's script do shocking , outrageous things , events seemingly arising not so much from genuine character motivations as from desire for the film to shock and be outrageous .
Cuesta ... has a weak grasp on the behavior of contemporary youth .
The kids deliver uniformly solid , occasionally remarkable performances .
A sensitive and moving account of the wounds inflicted by birth , by parents and by accident , and the mistakes and small victories that help us move on .
While the film does n't have the same emotional impact of his acclaimed debut , Cuesta is a steady , self-assured filmmaker who knows how to command an audience 's attention .
Odd and dreamlike in the way a child 's perception of the world might be , it 's hardly realistic in the literal sense but remarkably real from the emotional perspective .
... makes one want to reevaluate L.I.E. to see whether it was a lousy film hiding behind a great Brian Cox performance because this one plays like a sitcom directed by Larry Clark
Michael Cuesta 's film 12 and Holding flashes a laser beam on ... the moment between childhood and adolescence when unguarded emotions and fantasies still rule , but adult experience beckons .
Cuesta 's overkill approach to black comedy , reminiscent of the hyperrealism Gregg Araki uses in Mysterious Skin , allows cheap laughs to subvert understanding and compassion for his troubled tweens .
Smart , compassionate filmmaking that captures both the intricacies and the tragedy of contemporary adolescence .
A few good laughs and superb acting keep the film bearable , even intriguing in places , but these are not fun stories being told .
Most of the time ... we are watching pathology without benefit of insight .
They are believable 12-year olds : intelligent -LRB- but not too intelligent -RRB- yet naïve , and trying with mixed success to navigate the path of adolescence .
The young cast is terrific , giving the stories unearned weight .
On by a thread might be the rest of the title . You feel for the characters even when you just want to scream and ground them .
Think you 'd wan na be twelve again ? Twelve makes you think again .
The director has elicited excellent performances from his trio of young performers , who deliver unfailingly realistic portrayals even while their characters often defy credibility .
The kids are terrific
When it comes to depicting the inner lives of adolescents , writer-director Michael Cuesta might be the most fearless U.S. filmmaker working today .
12 and Holding is a deft reminder of that fleeting time between childhood and puberty when everything still seems possible , even if getting there may seem virtually impossible . It 's a special film to watch , whatever your age .
Honest acting and balanced writing create a realistic snapshot of adolescent angst .
If the movie leaves you feeling more uneasy than , say , Rushmore , it 's because it does n't give you any whimsy to hang on to . But whimsy is a way of looking at childhood in the rearview mirror ; 12 and Holding crashes into it head-on .
In sum , 12 and Holding is a movie with better parts than a whole . But where it 's right , it 's really right .
encapsulates everything one could hope for from a sophomore effort
Loss is a big part of 12 and Holding . So is identity . But its scope is much larger , and its echoes far more resonant .
The glum losers of all ages in Twelve and Holding are too miserable and loopy to arouse much interest -- or to hold an audience 's attention for a running time of 94 minutes .
Further solidifies Michael Cuesta 's talents for telling realistic stories about adolescence .
The surface slickness ultimately makes Twelve And Holding awful .
In Cuesta 's cynical formulation , the pretense of empathy is simply license to mock , gawk , and vulgarize .
A mesmerizing film about grief and some kids struggling to define themselves during adolescence .
A riveting low-budget look at how a group of 12-year-olds react to the accidental killing of one of their friends .
Based on the contrivance-heavy screenplay and Cuesta 's Six Feet Under-tutelaged direction , you 'd think the filmmakers just got off the boat from Eden and found themselves in the cities of the plain .
The movie sometimes grows precarious from the weight of too many crises and hairpin turns from comedy to drama . But both script and direction are ultimately up to the task , trumping occasional improbability with sharp observation .
Michael Cuesta and screenwriter Anthony Cipriano knock this one clear out of the park .


@highlight

This shocking pre-teen drama manages , through realistic performances and a sense of empathy , to avoid exploitation and instead deliver something honest and haunting .