There 's an inescapable sense of sadness that all of Florence 's charm and resources are wasted in chasing after wind .
In her four-decade , 64-film career , La Streep has rarely hit a wrong note . She 's making up for lost time . And the discordance is delicious .
-LRB- Grant -RRB- gives a properly mature performance that is everything that Streep 's is not -- subtle , nuanced and emotionally complex .
More than anything , Florence Foster Jenkins feels like Baby Boomer version of `` everybody gets a participation trophy '' .
Jenkins ' singing may be horrendously off-key , but together Grant and Streep hit all the right notes and deliver a harmonious and often hilarious performance .
The actress takes to the delusional singer con brio , as they say . The result is like being fed too much screaming cake .
This movie sings , even when its heroine ca n't .
A joyous production which emotional side is reinforced by Meryl Streep 's performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Florence Foster Jenkins is the latest Meryl Streep summer comedy , and it 's a pleasant , and at times touching little gem based on a true story .
Even though there 's no real story to speak of , I enjoyed Florence Foster Jenkins because it has gorgeous period costumes and wonderful performances .
You will never get bored with this simple , digestible and very entertaining biopic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A family entertainment film , with good moral and a performance from Meryl Streep that could give her an Oscar nomination . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It would be so easy to make Florence the butt of the joke , the victim of an elaborate prank perpetrated by a slice of New York society feeding her delusions , but her story borders on tragedy ...
A solid film with great secondary performances where Meryl Streep truly shines . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Streep has a ball , wearing extravagant dresses and performing excruciatingly badly on stage . Yet she does not play Jenkins as a lamentable , pitiful figure , instead portraying her as a self-aware exhibitionist who chooses to ignore the bad vibes .
Perhaps it does n't add up to much but it 's lovely to look at and touching .
A delightful comedy told with great taste , in which Meryl Streep stands out of course . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
That 's where the film truly succeeds : Frears does n't treat Florence like a joke , and neither does Streep .
With Streep on grandstanding form and Grant given a rare chance to show his range , this is an intelligent dramedy that moves and amuses .
This is an often hilarious film , but it flattens out .
Brilliant Streep wails hilariously and Grant bumbles expertly as Frears turns a true story into an old-fashioned farce . But it 's the film 's emotional beats that really make it sing .
The cast and the firm hand of its director are the main ingredients of the film , and if it were not enough , it has an excellent atmosphere and costumes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Is Florence Foster Jenkins a proper film or a blooperish three-minute X Factor audition , spun out over two insufferably camp hours ?
Florence Foster Jenkins is a fairy tale of glorious optimism and unclouded love .
Streep walks a careful line between Jenkins ' silliness and her worthy heart . Florence Foster Jenkins would lose its appeal quickly if she were merely a woman with a fat purse and a lousy voice .
A tender and entertaining film with an amazing staging , amazing performances . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a wonderful art direction , the excellent musical contribution of Alexandre Desplat and the amazing chemistry between Streep and Grant make this film a real treat for the eyes and ears . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very insipid movie based on a extraordinary true story . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The primary emotion in this warmly rendered and often funny comedy is affection , for the subject of this biopic and her peculiarly child-like way of seeing the world .
Streep , of course , fills her character with emotion , humanity and need , but director Stephen Frears and writer Nicholas Martin have n't decided whether their movie is slapstick or tragedy .
There are humorous moments and moments of poignancy .
The truth is that we come out of the film respecting how much the two main characters love each other , but their characters have not been enough filled out for us to be very touched by their love .
Streep 's broad , entertaining performance anchors a serviceable film about the age-old problem of what happens when ambition exceeds ability .
Unsurprisingly , Streep hits all the right - or should that be wrong ? - notes , with a marvellously tragi-comic turn .
An uneven but most pleasant comical biopic on the delusional American heiress opera singer and philanthropist Florence Foster Jenkins .
Not a happy portrait of a figure unburdened by the hard edge of criticism ; it is a sad retelling , showing a woman who used the stage as a means to silence the nagging alarms of her demise .
Streep 's take on the character is so assured that we ca n't help but admire her determination and panache , even as it makes her a fool in the eyes of others
... at a time of near-record income inequality ... is there anything to celebrate in this kind of fantasy-making ?
Florence Foster Jenkins is a wonderful and strange period comedy , where Meryl Streep once again raises all material at hand and steals your heart . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Florence Foster Jenkins is one of the better films of the year .
Streep and Grant are amazing both when they 're apart and together , their earnest portrayals really lending gravitas to people who would otherwise be remembered as a joke
Streep is fun to watch , singing badly and being oblivious to her headache inducing sounds . Hugh Grant is also quite good , making sure Florence lives a sheltered life and never finds out the truth that her voice stinks .
A multi-leveled love story about a passionate lover of music who ca n't sing .
With the aid of director Stephen Frears , Streep rises above her text and manages to earn the sympathy Martin so clumsily demands for her .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a fact-based tale that does n't have all that much to say . But it does have a very entertaining way of saying it .
The film is a comedy with harrowing undertones . Frears and his screenwriter Nicholas Martin want us to laugh at Florence , yet adore her and support her antics .
A comic lark that packs a satisfying emotional wallop and continues the balls-to-the-wall career victory lap Meryl Streep has been on since turning 60 years old seven years ago ...
The film 's scolding tone , combined with the sentimental gloss of its ending , leaves an aftertaste that sours the screwball fizz of its cheerier moments .
'' ... the triumph of director Stephen Frears ' portrait of the performer , who sadly hit the wall of her own talent long before her passion ran dry , is that it never chooses ... one pat answer to sum up the ultimate meaning of her career . ''
There are small aspects of the film to celebrate , despite how overshadowed they are by the toneless script .
Despite the gorgeous set designs and attention to detail in every scene , this film still comes through as an ugly affair .
Here 's a sentence both deliciously implausible and totally true : Meryl Streep nearly has her own movie stolen from her by a cast member from The Big Bang Theory .
Streep is right there , solidly invested in the folly of Florence 's dreams . When she declares that `` music has been , and is , my life , '' you believe her .
Pitch perfect costumes and sets make this a delightful trip to 1944 New York and a sweet , if over imaginative , love story .
There 's no denying that Streep is one of the greatest actresses of our -LRB- all ? -RRB- time , but there 's plenty of room to argue that her recent run has n't been as astounding as past laps of victory . With Florence Foster Jenkins , she returns in grand fashion .
Streep is game , but the material is just lame . And that 's what makes `` Florence Foster Jenkins '' every bit as tone deaf as its subject .
Meryl Streep -LRB- of course -RRB- delivers yet another solid performance , but Florence Foster Jenkins gets a bit too lost in the balancing act between comedy and drama to emerge a bonafide winner .
Streep hits all the right notes-the comedic highs and the mournful lows . She never struggles to find the pitch , which almost makes the film 's schizophrenic tone seem normal .
It might sound like a sappy drama about following your dreams , yet the film is a much more complex portrait than that .
Warm performances and Frears ' deft touch hide lack of substance behind Florence 's warbles .
Enjoyable summer entertainment for grown-ups and anyone else seeking refuge from superheroes .
It takes a special talent to sing so badly so well , and Streep captures Florence 's sincere , yet somehow blissfully ignorant , love for music .
It 's a terribly difficult movie to dislike while at the same time also an almost equally tough one to embrace with any passion .
Streep sings very badly very well .
-LSB- Frears -RSB- elicits a remarkably tender and mature performance from Hugh Grant as St. Clair Bayfield , the two-bit Shakespearean actor who became Jenkins 's longtime companion and musical enabler .
-LSB- Streep -RSB- can croon a decent tune when she needs to . This role calls for the greater skill of delivering Florence 's songs as deliciously badly as Flo did . Result : Meryl is a shoo-in for her 20th Oscar nomination .
Stephen Frears has made a likeable , affecting movie , but the film itself could benefit from a little of the tough love that Jenkins never received in her own life .
Comical , affectionate and sentimental , Florence Foster Jenkins is a film about a woman who decided she could , so she did .
Even if it does n't touch greatness , it certainly could have been worse , and if Florence Foster Jenkins emphasizes anything , it 's that it 's not always bad to be bad .
It 's a credit to Streep , who must be commended for singing badly with such utter conviction , that Florence is never reduced to a tragic figure .
An utterly delightful film you ca n't help but smile at .
The more mature patrons of Streep 's art are likely to find charm the key selling point of Florence Foster Jenkins , the story of a woman driven by love , and showing us how boundless and fragile some love can be .
It 's a wobbly , uneven , ultimately wonderful film - its unevenness befitting its title character , who we come to love despite her loopy lack of awareness of her own deficiencies .
A film that dares you to give it a bad review , simply so it can turn around and call you a bully who picks on the people who try . It invites you to giggle at Florence 's horrible singing and then promptly scolds you for laughing ,
This true story , as directed by the usually reliable Stephen Frears -LRB- `` The Queen , '' `` Philomena '' -RRB- with period flair showing up once again throughout , simply uh , well ... never quite hits the proper notes .
Charming period comedy may not sing to younger viewers .
... it 's ultimately impossible to label Florence Foster Jenkins as a anything less than a total misfire that wastes the talents of everyone involved .
Fun movie . In real life Meryl Streep is a great singer and it takes a great singer to sing this badly . Wonderful work by Hugh Grant and The Big Bang Theory 's Simon Helberg .
There are layers in what seems initially like a broad , hooting comic performance from Streep . We get glimpses of the real Florence , who seems too smart with her money not to be able to read the people who ask her for it .
Perhaps it takes someone with vocal talent to truly channel terrible singing .
Jenkins ' story does n't mean much of anything here .
Even ... as Streep 's face ignites in a glow of deluded rapture , a disquieting sense of guilt creeps over us . We like Florence , and we ca n't help sharing her husband 's dread that some day , somehow , the elaborate jig will be up .
Florence Foster Jenkins is a hoot , but it 's also the saddest comedy you 'll see this year .
Against the odds , Florence Foster Jenkins manages to be a funny and even endearing film . But I kept asking myself , what 's it really about ?
To write that Streep is magnificent would be an understatement . She 's as good as she has ever been -- no one can out-nuance her . She holds the screen like no other actor , and she brings Florence to life with a joyful , bigger-than-life verve .
So how good is Meryl Streep ? Outstanding would be the only word that would do justice to her deceptively happy-go-lucky performance .
`` Florence Foster Jenkins '' , without much in the way of pithy character development or historical context , comes off as a bit of a repetitive one-note joke . But Streep pulls off the very difficult task of intentionally singing off-key .
In Florence Foster Jenkins , the supremely gifted Meryl Streep is playing a supremely ungifted singer with artistic ambitions . It 's official : Streep can play anything , even someone without a trace of talent .
It 's great fun , Streep padded like a battleship , decked out in outlandish yet matronly costumes , abusing our ears to her own merriment .
Yes , of course Meryl Streep is excellent as an infamously awful opera singer . It 's Hugh Grant who continually surprises in this slight but charming comedy .
Florence Foster Jenkins will strike a chord with those looking for relief in the form of originality , top-tier acting and amazingly godawful singing .
` Florence Foster Jenkins ' is undoubtedly the best movie of 2016 so far , and seems out of place in-as usual-a summer of comic book superheroes .
An entertaining period dramedy . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Florence Foster Jenkins is n't perfect ; bits of busyness ca n't disguise its simple arc . But it trips lightly through some pretty profound ideas about power , selfishness , vanity , generosity , and human frailty .
If mean words from a critic were so damaging to the artist , I would have killed Rob Schneider years ago .
In real life , Jenkins became famous for her lack of talent . But `` Florence Foster Jenkins '' honors her spirit , which is more powerful than any notes on the musical scale .
Wispy and low-key , a little funny but not uproariously so and a little touching but mostly in its home stretch .
It 's the rare film that discovers dignity in foolishness .
Director Frears maintains a quick , frolicsome tone right up until the moment Florence receives her coup de grace , which he delivers with a bold , simple and unexpected shot that 's something of a masterstroke .
The film champions coddling people like Florence Foster Jenkins and treats critical thinking as the enemy .
You have to know how to sing well to sing this badly and you have to be an actor of sublime perfection to make terrible singing funny and brave and poignant .
Not quite a sad story , it 's not quite a comedy , either . Florence Foster Jenkins will always be a mystery . The best that movie makers can do is present us with her story , and leave us to wonder .
Meryl Streep proves that it takes a great performer to play a bad one well in the odd and sweet comedy Florence Foster Jenkins .
This movie is afraid of making too much fun of its subject for this and other reasons , and that unfortunately keeps the movie from joining that great tradition of films that pay tribute to the cracked nobility of making bad art .
Meryl Streeps turns bad singing into high art as Florence Foster Jenkins in a hilarious and sophisticated movie for grown ups this summer .
This scenario reads , in retrospect , as quite sad and pathetic . But this movie plays it mostly for madcap laughs and ultimately tender sympathy for the hapless heroine .
If you ever wanted to see Meryl Streep have the time of her life , Florence Foster Jenkins delivers .
Ms. Streep is a delight , hilarious when she 's singing and convincingly on edge at all times .
A damn fine and funny film . Streep could be looking at her 20th Oscar nomination . It 's a whole new direction for Grant . And Helberg is irresistible .
Streep is splendid in the titular role ... Grant is witty and nuanced , never hitting a false note , as her devoted husband and partner ...
Florence Foster Jenkins is ultimately a tale of vulnerability , and a tin ear is the least of it .
Meryl Streep is brilliant and the sun is shining on Hugh Grant again . Their performances are extraordinary .
Florence Foster Jenkins is this year 's movie that your mom will love which , under its anodyne surface , is actually kind of morally abhorrent .
You 're never too old to start falling in love with Meryl Streep all over again .
Frears works at a frantic pace to get Jenkins from one failed performance to the next . This gives Streep a lot of moments of musical misfortunes but they are delivered in such a helter-skelter manner that each seems little different than the one before .
With such a high-powered cast at his disposal , Frears ' latest is probably the most fun you 'll have at a movie this summer .
The movie is a pleaser , for the most part , even though the attitude it takes toward its subject is often problematic .
It 's a big song in a minor key that nevertheless has a lovely melody .
It 's a credit to Streep and to filmmaker Stephen Frears -LRB- Dangerous Liaisons , The Queen -RRB- that you will laugh at the absurdity of Jenkins ' situation - but never at the lady herself .
... like Ed Wood -LRB- 1994 -RRB- , it 's a movie in which love of art and kindness of heart triumphs over lack of talent .
it succinctly and eloquently lays out a story in which the public grows to value the likability and kind heart of the talent more than her actual talent itself .
The great gift of this film , of course , is that Streep again completely embodies the character she is playing ... but imbues Florence with such empathy , charm , dedication and warmth that we 're cheering for her throughout this entire movie .
The funny , touching , and even a little bit profound biopic of the world 's worst ever opera singer , and the ultimate evidence of the power of Streep .
Try not to focus too much on the upbeat message , summarized in 25 words or less at the end , and instead enjoy the simple pleasure of -LSB- Jenkins ' -RSB- company .
Even when her notes are intolerably sour , Jenkins 's story is never less than touchingly bittersweet .
The story resembles `` The Emperor 's New Clothes , '' but it 's at heart a portrait of an odd , admirable marriage .
There 's too much exquisite period detail and costuming to attend , so many familiar bootstrap musical beats to hit . Florence Foster Jenkins is too much old-fashioned fun to saddle with ideas . Just sit back and let Meryl screech .
Guess who 's headed for another Oscar nomination .
It is , as so many Streep movies seem to be these days , a wonderful performance in a movie that is n't quite as good as she is .
The material could have used a full-out comedic plot in the P. G. Wodehouse vein or something slyly sophisticated like Wes Anderson 's The Grand Budapest Hotel . Instead it gets lost in the shallows -- along with Streep 's Oscar chances .
A real-life screwball comedy with a solid gold cast . Grant may have just sealed his first Oscar nomination .
This could have been a great film . Instead , it 's just a feel-good one .
It 's not necessary to be a classical-music buff to be charmed by this thoroughly entertaining film that never hits a false note .
It 's another showcase for Streep - nothing new on that front , but still enjoyable .
It would be easy to mine Jenkins ' story for silly farce and 1940s set pieces and let it coast from there , but director Stephen Frears is too kind , and too nuanced , to do that .
Director Stephen Frears brings Jenkins ' quirky story to the screen with humor as well as heart , never crossing over into camp or parody in a tale that certainly could 've gone there .
Beautifully crafted and impeccably cast ... at once a funny and touching tale of a woman who would n't let mere lack of talent destroy her desire to share her love of music with others .
-LSB- Streep -RSB- honors the character 's benevolent cluelessness and the melancholy beneath her optimism , and she nails every one of Florence Foster Jenkins ' godawful notes with precision . That alone sums up the movie 's contradictions .
If you do n't confuse this with history - or with the French film `` Marguerite , '' a fictional piece loosely based on FFJ - you 'll come away touched . That 's mostly because of Meryl Streep and Hugh Grant .
Jenkins ' life makes for a great Wikipedia entry , but Stephen Frears ' movie makes her the butt of a single repetitive joke .
Frears may not have a secure grasp on humor , but he 's cast the picture smartly , securing emotionality when the film needs it the most .
Florence Foster Jenkins is very much the story of a lie for the right reason that 's never morally ambiguous or overtly cruel , which is a filmmaking feat more difficult to accomplish than getting Florence to sing well .
It 's an ode to living life sincerely , never mind the inevitable looming humiliation . After all , Jenkins may have been mercilessly mocked for decades , but she 's never been forgotten .
It 's mildly amusing when it should be funny , sentimental when it should be deep and all too easy when it should be unsettling . It 's still some kind of success , but a modest one .
A cheerful ode to the values of loyalty and determination that hopes you 'll overlook -LRB- or agree with ? -RRB- the dubious ` everyone gets a trophy ' philosophy that it tacitly endorses .
Despite lively performances , handsome costumes and a lavish sense of 1940s high society , `` Florence Foster Jenkins '' just does n't hit all the right notes .
Walks a fine line between deep mockery and genuine empathy .
Streep 's latest feats ? Playing her first-ever dope , and making Hugh Grant relevant again .
The fact that it is no surprise Meryl Streep delivers a virtuoso performance here should n't deny us the sheer joy of watching her do it .
Stephen Frears ' film achieves that remarkable and nearly unobtainable artistic plateau of sad-funny .
Streep ... makes the character 's delusional faith in her own talent so infectious that we ache at the thought of Florence 's impending humiliation even as we prepare ourselves to laugh at it .
Would do down real easy on a Sunday afternoon .
This gentle and touching movie is a lot more fun than it may sound-thanks to Streep at her zany best and her surprisingly good , manly-man co-star , Hugh Grant .
It 's a pleasure seeing Grant in a great part again , playing the sort of almost-cad he 's best at . And Streep - who , in real life , can belt anything from Broadway to Bruce - is clearly having a ball singing badly .
A legitimately fascinating central character ... Not surprisingly , Streep expertly shades every eccentricity , embodying Jenkins in her musical waywardness ...
Tragi-comic and sentimental - with superb performances - it 's a poignant celebration of indulged eccentricity and pursuing your dreams .
Stephen Frears masterfully recreates the happy world of a very unique character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Meryl Streep is superb and her character is simply larger than life . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sumptuously decorated and rife with comically rich performances , director Stephen Frears draws out a funny , punchy portrait of self-delusion that actually parallels the social patterns that often accompany drug addiction .
Streep is , as ever , flawless - to sing as bizarrely as this you have to know how to sing well in the first place -- and her chemistry with Grant is moreish in the extreme .
The heart-over-head finale is pure cheese , but by that point Florence has engendered such goodwill that it almost dares you to mock the corniness .
Grant is delightful here and Helberg just about steals it in a winningly camp turn , and yet this is naturally all about Meryl , who makes Florence so fabulously high-spirited you ca n't help but like her .
Despite its imperfections , Florence Foster Jenkins is a heartfelt piece of cinema , and its emotional core leaves the screen with you .
Screenwriter Nicholas Martin and director Stephen Frears have pulled off a neat trick with the true story of Florence Foster Jenkins : they 've made it the story of her husband ... Florence is slightly absurd and sad ... but we ... see her through his eyes .
Streep masterfully evokes the heiress 's core dynamic - buffoonery mixed with a faint air of the tragic .
Although this comedy-drama seems to have been written specifically to give Meryl Streep a chance to dress up and put on a silly show , it 's actually all true .
It 's all broad humour and big-heartedness , out to entertain and amuse .
It may have a slight televisual air about it but the warbling dame is larger-than-life and weirdly inspirational .
Unlike Florence , director Stephen Frears manages to hit most of the right notes and in the right order .
More rigorous critics may sneer - I say `` Bravo ! ''
Florence Foster Jenkins is determined to shape its story into a crowd-pleaser but suffers from overexcited , uncontrolled performances and clumsy on the nose scripting .
When FFJ sticks to farce , it works wonderfully , like something P.G. Wodehouse might have loved . But the longer it goes on , the more maudlin it gets .
It 's embarrassing to laugh at poor , deluded Florence but of course we do laugh while admiring the panache , the sheer gusto with which Streep tackles the role .
The movie is delightful melodrama , but it has an Wildean bite and is , of course , all about the importance of being earnest .
Ms Streep is delightful in the role , giving Florence a kind of quiet grace that counteracts her silliness , and getting tremendous comedy out of the singing sequences , which are suitably excruciating .
Amid inevitable and deserved praise for Streep , one must pay very real tribute to Grant , who seems to have found a humanity not evidenced from him in years .
Jenkins ' story has inspired several plays , notably the West End hit Glorious ! , and now this affectionate film portrait that is kept afloat by Streep 's captivatingly addled performance .
Florence could n't hit the right note with a blunderbuss , but Streep 's performance is pitch perfect .
It hits just the right note - which is more than Florence ever managed .
The irony of Florence Foster Jenkins , the ghastly soprano , was that she was such a crowd-pleaser . Fittingly , so is the film .
Frears ' biopic is both sly and affecting .
If it 's a light , fun , unapologetically sentimental , comic cinematic treat you seek , Florence Foster Jenkins offers a celebration of grand delusion on an operatic scale .
This is an unusually honest portrayal of love as a system whereby two people can maintain one another 's delusions to the point where they almost cease to be delusions at all .
It is ultimately unsatisfying , as a psychological profile and otherwise .
It takes skill to keep us laughing in a film with only one gag , but Frears ' deadpan is the ideal accompaniment . He also keeps the joke from turning cruel .
The complementary turns by Hugh Grant and Meryl Streep are so delightful that few will worry about the creative hypocrisy .
Xavier Giannoli 's Marguerite is very good , but Stephen Frears ' more broadly comic variation on the theme is even better .
It 's fun .
Streep finds an endearing empathy in the character that would have eluded most other performers , and her wonderful interplay with Hugh Grant once again bears out the rare calibre of her acting .
Sadly , Stephen Frears gets the balance wrong with his latest film , with the result that neither the gags nor the heartfelt moments come off as intended .
Delightfully , in the hands of director Stephen Frears it is a confident balance of uproarious laughs and genuine pathos , a lively , colourful , tender -LRB- and beautifully dressed -RRB- celebration of crazy dreamers and love .
This feels like a very sad story that 's been reconfigured to feel buoyant and charming . We 're invited to point and laugh at Jenkins .
Emblematic of a Florence Foster Jenkins performance , there is a much laughter to be had during this endeavour , and yet the production remains spiked by a profound sense of sadness , which runs deep throughout this tale .
Meryl Streep continues her run of screw-the-Oscars movies with this ridiculously watchable comedy .
As hard as it is to believe , both leading actors are overshadowed by comedian Simon Helberg who steals every scene as Jenkins ' well-paid pianist .
Stephen Frears works the material and his terrific cast to perfection , eliciting empathy and sympathy for a woman who desperately loved music but to whom fate had denied a beautiful voice
Comedy and tragedy are beautifully intertwined in this entertaining , intriguing and heartbreaking tale when our hearts sink and soar in equal proportions
This compelling biopic is a hugely entertaining , compassionate and ultimately rather touching portrait of self-delusion and devotion .
A fizzy , funny , period dramedy with top-notch performances , Florence Foster Jenkins does n't take many risks but it 's a very entertaining experience .
A delicious , finger-tingling comedy about the creative instinct that makes your heart want to squawk with joy .
Aiming for the same kind of affectionate comic tone as The King 's Speech , this gentle musical farce from director Stephen Frears hits more than a few flat notes , but still delivers gentle laughs and classy star performances .
Bouquets all round : Stephen Frears goes broad in Florence Foster Jenkins , and the appeal should be wide .
There are no wrong notes in this film : Frears remains entirely confident within the emotional range he has chosen .
An audience picture first and foremost : one wholly sympathetic to its eponymous subject 's delusional drive to delight crowds with or without the requisite artistry .
There 's a deceptively masterful simplicity to Frears ' direction . In this age of blockbusters and superhero face-off mayhem , it reminds us that unfussiness is a virtue .

@highlight

Florence Foster Jenkins makes poignant , crowd-pleasing dramedy out of its stranger-than-fiction tale -- and does its subject justice with a reliably terrific turn from star Meryl Streep .