mostly suffers from overwriting
If we can ignore the plot 's too-often dips into cliché , we just might walk away with a lot on our minds .
Eventually it all boils down to cliché , with home invasions by Terry , physical confrontations between Terry and Gabe , a hostage situation , a main character getting gunned down , and all the other standard thriller tropes that might excite the kind of audie
Terrorism can make you crazy . Or more accurately , U.S. media hype about terrorism can drive you to believe .
A flawed but worthwhile examination of paranoia and clashing cultures in the 21st century .
Andrew Joiner 's clever and layered screenplay just may be one of the best of the year , particularly as it requires thought and may even spark debate .
Krause and his character are the entire movie . Watching him fall apart is fascinating and the ending has a particularly nice , if expected , twist .
`` Rear Window '' updated to post 9-11 corporate downsizing has too many mixed messages to convey the simple fear of a classic thriller .
There 's the faint air of a solid cable movie about Civic Duty ... but the questions it raises are provocative enough to make it worth seeing .
Until it becomes simply a hostage dilemma , the film maintains an uneasy air of mystery and suspicion .
An intense and startling movie for our times . It hits you right between the eyes .
A claustrophobic setting and the paranoid concerns of a modern world make Jeff Renfroe 's `` Civic Duty '' an effective psychological thriller .
It does build up considerable suspense and tension ; Renfroe has learned well from Hitchcock .
All that flash serves to prop up what 's in essence a one-act play , constructed around a political message that 's telegraphed from the start .
The film 's pace lags toward the end , but its grasp of manufactured fear 's dreary pervasiveness never falters .
The vivid sense of time and place is the best thing about the initially promising , ultimately irritating psychological thriller Civic Duty .
As thoughtful as it means to be -- its agenda is outlined by on-the-nose dialogue from its characters -- Civic Duty does little to go beyond this premise .
The movie becomes a game of sorts , and to get to the ` truth ' of the story we 're left simply keeping score rather than examining our own perceptions and reaching any greater understanding of the very real issues at hand .
A sharp 9/11 twist on Rear Window paranoia , Civic Duty is all the more effective for its chilling plausibility .
An all-around disappointment .
The filmmakers are n't able to pull it off but deserve credit for their attempt to be thought-provoking .
Civic Duty sends you home depressed , but at least it makes you think . It 's a breed of film that 's rare to find on the summer movie slate .
Peter Krause , the fine actor from Six Feet Under , gives a one-note performance that seriously undermines Civic Duty
Though Civic Duty seems to be a study in paranoid psychosis , it has just enough ambiguity to make you wonder if it is n't something else . You 'll still be wondering when it 's all over .
With nowhere for any of the characters to go , literally , the story becomes a tendentious exercise in belaboring a point .
Canadian director Jeff Renfroe has made a lurid , tense film about an incident-in-the-making that fairly crackles with the inevitability of its events .
It begins by swiping a premise and concludes with an attempted robbery of our principles , pretending that today 's world is too confusing for us to know whether to cheer for George Bush or to march with Michael Moore .
If Mr. Krause were n't so good at making his psychotic break with reality -LRB- or was it ? -RRB- so steadily , plausibly convincing , the movie would be unwatchable . Instead , it 's a disturbing diary of one man 's descent .
Civic Duty does engage and get your pulse racing .
Not even Richard Schiff 's droll underplaying as the drollest underplayer in the FBI can make dramatic sense of Civic Duty .
Canadian director Jeff Renfroe builds only off-the-shelf suspense as Terry 's suspicions increase .
Echoes of Rear Window abound , but any audience sympathy for the self-appointed detective is thwarted by Krause 's typically sulky performance .
It 's an ineptly put-together concoction that , despite its political musings , offers nothing new to the viewer .
Dig deep down into some bad movies and you occasionally find a good idea at the center . Civic Duty is n't one of those movies .
Once the story 's events reach a climactic pitch , the film stagnates in place for too long and loses momentum .
Matchett , Schiff and Naga all contribute solid support , while Krause is downright exceptional as the nondescript accountant suddenly falling into media-fueled paranoia .
This little paranoid thriller ... does a superb job exploring how middle class feelings of entitlement to the American Dream are reflected in post 9/11 racial stereotyping .
A provocative , unsettling tale about a powerful nation on the defensive .
Civic Duty is ultimately less psychological thriller than polemic ...
laughable and immature
The film 's anti-Islamic tone , intended to show Terry 's frame of mind , detracts from whatever helpful message the filmmakers may have hoped to impart .
Asks the piercing question : does the terrorist lurk within us ? In actuality , it 's a question worth exploring , but not one that this bombastic and silly thriller is prepared to answer in any dramatically sustainable fashion .
A modest-sized but smart spooker .
A riveting study of paranoia and the wild and destructive behavior that it can spawn .
Expected ironies about homeland security , racial profiling , and fears of the Other land like a rain of anvils , and director Renfroe matches Krause 's worked-up performance with a jiggly , flashy approximation of off-brand Tony Scott .
Jeff Renfroe 's film stirs up some timely anxieties , including the War on Terror , racial profiling .
Civic Duty tantalizes with `` is he or is n't he '' questions about Gabe 's true identity without ever positing a final , and what would be an ultimately unimportant , answer .
A tense psychological thriller that effectively exploits our fears of terrorism .
It 's a gloomy , intense and effective little picture , without being the least bit original .
Civic Duty , a thinking person 's thriller , is a fascinating Rorschach test for audiences .
A gripping thriller exploring post-9 / 11 paranoia .
Tensely plotted and suffused with an eerie gloom .
The well-structured scenario is arresting but ill-served by an overly fussy visual treatment from helmer Jeff Renfroe .



@highlight

At times a tense and provocative thriller , Civic Duty struggles to move beyond its one-note premise .