If you 've got tweens and teens who are into dancing , be it in classes or around the house , it offers a pleasant cultural alternative to the other holiday entertainment on offer .
The joy of watching lies in the purity of the dancer 's passion .
A superior example of the genre , it concentrates on six young dancers from around the world ...
Like the engaging hit documentary Spellbound , this dance competition film gets under the skin and holds us in its grip like a well-crafted thriller .
Anyone with an interest in dance should enjoy this documentary ...
Settles for heartwarming `` follow your dreams '' platitudes rather than following the cold realities of being a dancer .
It 's humane , involving and inspirational .
A blandly feelgood documentary about aspiring young ballet dancers .
A griping documentary following several ballet hopefuls as they prepare for an international competition .
Impressively directed and superbly edited , this is an emotionally engaging documentary with likeable subjects , stunning dance sequences and a suspenseful climax .
Undeniably effective as drama , as we ponder the varying degrees of ambition and talent driving these young people to push their bodies beyond the limit in the hope of grasping a future in the spotlight .
If you thought Black Swan made ballet look grim , this festival-fave documentary offers an earthier but no less griping portrait of the profession 's crippling realities .
A touching look at ballet 's battle-hardened youngsters .
If this film does n't put a smile on your face , you are too hard to please .
Hopes are shared and dreams expressed during this uplifting journey in which we become involved in each of the dancers ' lives . As a consequence , we have a stake in what happens and are often moved as a result of the drama and tension
Debut director Bess Kargman establishes herself as a skilled documentarian , drawing out humour and tension from the contestants ' experiences without manipulating their stories for melodramatic effect .
First time director Bess Kargman has done a great job with this film in letting the personalities of these dancers and their families shine through .
It 's enjoyable watching the motivated youngsters pirouetting their way to success .
An arresting documentary about the dedication and sacrifice it takes to be able to spin around like a whirling dervish on the tip of your toes without getting sickeningly dizzy .
It does a great job developing its characters through its visuals - these are superphysical kids - and honing in on family dynamics .
If you have a yearning to feel awkward , inadequate and lazy , watching the whirling teenage -LRB- and preteen -RRB- talents in director Bess Kargman 's First Position will do the trick .
Far from the dutiful progeny of `` Dance Moms , '' these are individuals of uncommon skill , self-knowledge , maturity and drive . They 're the real deal . And so is First Position .
All of the dollars and expertise that produced this summer 's blockbusters could never produce a spectacle as wondrous as 11-year-old Aran Bell dancing his heart out .
Kargman ... brings a welcome empathy to this programmatic film that follows six hopefuls as they compete in something called the Youth America Grand Prix , which we 're told is the most comprehensive ballet competition in the world .
The children are almost unearthly in their agility and elegance -- until they remove their shoes , and reveal their all-too-human abrasions and injuries .
It 's a wealth of material at odds with a scant running time and shallow focus .
When it 's over , you wo n't remember so much about who won and who lost . Instead , what remains is the expression on a young dancer 's face , reflected in a mirror : showing the joy of being in love with what you do .
What we experience is the overwhelming thrill of the competition and the true agony of defeat .
It could very well compete for Best Documentary at next year 's Academy Awards .
For someone -LRB- like me -RRB- who has never been to a ballet , the talent of these teens and tweens is a revelation .
A number of the performances are plain stunning - Aran and Joan , in particular , seem born to move - and in many ways watching the movie is like watching a sporting event ; there are winners and losers and favorites to cheer on .
It 's ` Spartacus ' en pointe .
Inspiring documentary about hardworking young dancers .
Almost loses its sense of good taste entirely in the final act , straining to build suspense and shape heroes . The bias hangs a little ugly in an otherwise passable , somewhat enlightening effort .
The cookie cutter format Kargman uses in presenting her subjects may be unoriginal but a safe way to introduce the filmmaker to her new audience .
It 's an intense journey , and Kargman captures it all , down to the dancers ' bloodied and bruised feet .
Yes , it is possible to create a gripping documentary about the ballet world without resorting to `` Black Swan '' melodramatics .
Child ballet dancer and former journalist Bess Kargman brings a dancer 's passion and insight to her directorial debut , illuminating the addictive magic and fierce demands of a ballet dancer 's life .
Really , all of the dancers ' evident passion for their art is , well , spellbinding .
These kids are proud of their tights .
Because its subjects are so driven and so talented , `` First Position , '' which is about ballet , is more gripping than the norm .
It 's in the quick audience-reaction shots of the young dancers ' exultant parents and cringing private instructors that the movie finds its most nakedly human moments .
The film shows the grueling work it takes for young dancers like Zamora to look effortless on stage , and First Position shows teachers who range from supportive to borderline abusive .
Kargman follows the pre-established pattern of documentaries following competitions from crosswords to spelling bees , but the format works and she 's found six kids ranging in age from 9 to 16 who are truly involving .
This is yet another competition doc in the unending legacy of Spellbound , but Kargman is light on her feet , and she has chosen to follow a fascinating group of kids preparing for the 2010 Youth America Grand Prix .
Magically upbeat and exhilarating in spirit . Particularly noteworthy is the way director Bess Kargman manages to address a few world issues with great hopefulness .
Beneath the jetés and bleeding feet , First Position is about toughness of mind as much as visions of beauty . In one case it 's about a transformation so profound as to be unfathomable .
Documentaries do n't have to be technically great to be irresistible , and Bess Kargman 's First Position , which follows six young ballet dancers as they prepare for an elite competition , is a case in point .
Its enjoyment is not limited to dance aficionados .
First Position overcomes its predictable elements thanks to the inherent visual drama of watching children strain their bodies to the limit in obsessive pursuit of their goals .
The doc twists out its six narrative threads with measured compassion and even-handedness .
First Position is an unabashedly inspirational portrait of what even very young people can accomplish with discipline and dedication .
I 've become weary of documentaries about winning prizes , but this one is special because the kids are . They are ardent and amazingly accomplished , but they are also ... kids .
Truly exhilarating documentary about gifted young ballet dancers competing for scholarships and contracts with the world 's top ballet companies is at the top of its genre .
-LSB- It -RSB- seems fresh in the way it respects both the art in ballet and the discipline it demands - even in childhood .
Director Bess Kargman does an excellent job here with this initial plunge into filmmaking , for her choice of participants could not have been better .
Bess Kargman 's movie is imbued with a seriousness that sets it apart from typical ` competition docs . '
An appealing , largely upbeat documentary about young ballet dancers duking it out , sometimes on point and in tulle , for top honors at the Youth America Grand Prix .
It 's a great introduction to the intriguing mix of parents - neurotic , loving , pressuring , calming - who raise great kids who do great things .
These performers are so young , so serious , so full of dreams and so hard on themselves that it is difficult not to be moved by their striving .
Their devotion to their art is admirable , and the film gets under the skin , if never really in our blood .
... crowd-pleasing but ultimately dissatisfying
An interesting look into the intense labor these children put into crafting performances that are meant to look beautiful and effortless . That being said , the documentary offers no real surprises .
At least half of these young dynamos and their families , all vying for coveted scholarships and spots in ballet companies , could brighten the most forlorn perspective on the state of the American dream .
The stakes of the final competition -LSB- are -RSB- heart-poundingly high , even for those who do n't give a damn about tights and tutus .
Each of -LSB- the -RSB- six young subjects vying for the Youth America Grand Prix -LRB- and the priceless award of a full scholarship to a top ballet school -RRB- is a wonder of self-imposed discipline in service to art .
It 's a triumph , in more ways than one .
This material could have been assembled into a more creative and suspenseful narrative .
The result is a film that eschews in-depth insight in favor of easily digestible who 's - going-to-win suspense ...
Never putting a foot wrong , tyro helmer Bess Kargman 's touching , enormously satisfying docu First Position follows six gifted ballet students from disparate social , regional , economic and ethnic backgrounds as they prepare for the Youth America Grand Prix .
This masterfully thoughtful documentary incisively records the trials and tribulations of getting en pointe as a career move .

@highlight

An upbeat and visually dramatic documentary of children 's ballet , First Position displays the potential of the human spirit when fostered at a young age .