-LSB- A -RSB- witless whimsy .
Flawed , but with enough interest to suggest Jake Paltrow may be one to keep an eye out for in future .
... a low-key yet consistently engaging effort ...
This sleepyhead Prince Charming is in for a rude awakening when the choosy , chain smoking Anna , actual female that she is , finds him an annoying loser , and at best undesirable . Au revoir , unconditional love . Someone wake me when it 's over .
The Good Night is a superlative feature film from Jake Paltrow ; a fulfilling buffet of aches and pains from the discontented , poured into an amusing , uneasy comedic fantasy that barely misses a step .
Writer-director Jake Paltrow 's -LRB- yes , brother of Gwennie -RRB- debut feature is exquisitely romantic , painful , and riotous ; everyone 's lonely and going about it wrong .
If the hero has trouble dozing off , that 's not a problem which will affect many viewers of this movie .
As a comedy of male delusion , Night seems to shrink from its flimsy dramatic subtexts ; as a probing of dream and reality in love , its pretensions to depth suggest a neutered comedic courage : Woody Allen-lite .
Such a big grey blanket of misery it should have been called `` Eternal Cloud Cover '' .
A mish-mash of secondhand ideas , with some real misfires .
What comedy there is fails to ignite and the romance is stillborn since we do n't care who sleeps with whom or whether they do it in real life or the dream world .
An all-star cast and Pegg 's larger-than-life turn ca n't stop this offbeat yarn being a bit of a snooze .
Sadly not the stuff of dreams .
Skimming through comedy , satire and cautionary tale , it 's all somewhat vague - exasperatingly so when suggestive artiness seems to have been intended . Not as clever as it thinks .
Despite some wry humour , the miscast leads and sour tone are as out of place in this Woody Allen landscape as Gwyneth 's silly wig .
The Good Night toys with some interesting ideas but it never quite works , largely because none of the characters are particularly likeable .
The movie drags on .
Feature debut of Jake Platrow -LRB- brother of star Gwyneth Paltrow , who co-stars -RRB- is a disappointing meditation on the danger and seductiveness of dreams , a pale imitation of Woody Allen 's edgier urban comedies .
Despite going in fully expecting and wanting to enjoy this movie , it instead left me vaguely depressed and highly disappointed .
Daneizomenos stoiheia ap ' ta opoia o Richard Linklater ehei bgalei olokliri tainia me to Waking Life -LRB- 2001 -RRB- kai tehnikes poy o Michel Gondry kserei akribos pos kai giati tis hrisimopoiei , o Paltrow honei mesa kai typiki kardia romantikis istorias , gia na
The tone is all over the place .
The movie 's film-studentish navel-gazing wears thin long before its over .
The sort of movie you forget even as you 're watching it .
As thin and wispy as a dream you ca n't quite remember in the morning .
The comedy of male midlife angst dates back at least to The Seven-Year Itch , when it was sweet and innocent . Each time it is recycled , it gets more sour and joyless .
A buddy rom-com featuring Martin Freeman and Simon Pegg owes its success to on-screen chemistry but fails to shake the foundations of the silver screen .
Paltrow 's film is Gondry 's The Science of Sleep , dulled by an overdose of Lunesta .
Remains aloof and cold throughout , despite the best efforts of its cast to bring some life to the proceedings .
The Good Night has flashes of bookish wit , but never quite recovers from the metronomic monotony of its first half .
Promising debut from writer-director Jake Paltrow about a sleep-obsessed man who meets the literal girl-of-his-dreams has some perceptive moments amid a lot of tossing and turning .
The Good Night does n't quite comfortably synthesize all the notions writer-director Jake Paltrow wants to play with in his feature debut . But the filmmaker 's got good taste -- and luck -- in casting .
`` Hanging out with you is pretty depressing , '' says self-proclaimed dream expert Mel to Gary , a similar reaction aroused by Jake Paltrow 's excruciatingly tone-deaf writing-directing debut .
Director Jake Paltrow 's feature debut has all the hallmarks of an earnest young man 's feature debut , and while that is not necessarily a bad thing , I can only imagine that it fit Sundance like a fingerless glove when it had its premiere there .
With The Good Night , like any worthwhile dream , you may not be able to fully appreciate the experience , but after you wake up , you vaguely sense that you accomplished something while being out
The material is often too bizarre and esoteric for ordinary people to be able to relate to any of it .
Unsympathetic characters , a lead performer that does not register , and a script that comes across like improvisations do not bode well for Jake Paltrow 's debut feature .
The Good Night takes familiar -LRB- embarrassingly familiar -RRB- male-angst material and makes it go loop-de-loop , so that the jokes hit you from behind and underneath while the bleakness smacks you in the face .
Jake Paltrow 's script is clever , though , and the ideas he 's trying to explore are interesting .
There is a fine idea for a romantic comedy in Jake Paltrow 's The Good Night but the writer-director , in his debut feature , never develops it much beyond the idea stage .
Jake Paltrow 's first feature delves assuredly into the mind of a lost soul who literally encounters the woman of his dreams .



@highlight

That The Good Night is the work of a first-time writer/director is apparent , as the story feels disjointed and never connects with the audience .