It 's too bad-Cooties has promise as a premise but the end result is just a mess .
Cooties never quite decides if it is aimed at children or adults .
If you have always had the sneaky suspicion that children are little monsters , well , this movie is firmly on your side . It smartly blurs the line between pint-sized terror and flesh-eating hellion because really , who can tell sometimes ?
A delicious treat for gorehounds , as well as those who survived elementary school as a child or an adult .
A good movie to pass the time and that 's it , in the end you feel like they could 've done more with it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film full of blood , guts , dark humor and very politically incorrect situations . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This subversive horror-comedy puts a fresh spin on zombie clichés , and also falls just on the right side of bad taste .
It 's got an inspired setup , but then wastes it on a half-baked plot , a tepid sense of humor and a preoccupation with one-upping itself with its admittedly solid gore effects .
Starting off promisingly with an utterly gruesome prologue -LRB- you 'll never eat chicken nuggets again -RRB- and some funny , likable characters , this horror-comedy eventually becomes both bland and tasteless .
Every performance seems calibrated to wacky , yet pitiful , which keeps the film entertaining even if you 're not actually rooting for any of the characters .
Cooties had an idea that could have been fleshed out into an uproarious flesh-eating comedy ... but what you get instead is a fever-pitch of tropes that are all dead on arrival .
Barely scary but frequently funny .
A raucous and fun horror comedy that succeeds in delivering creeps and hearty laughter .
Slight but it remains fun and fast , enjoying its excessive carnage and premise with a distinct smile , keeping darkness to a minimum as it figures out how to master an extraordinary tonal challenge .
I honestly have no clue who this film is for . Whoever they are , they 're likely to walk out of the theater wanting a refund .
Just the fact that the monsters are children skewers the trope with blazing satire . Nothing is held back in deference to the precious children .
A midnight movie for those fine with dozing off about twenty minutes in , once the charm of its single sentence log-line has worn off .
While directors Jonathan Milott and Cary Murnion want to have their laughs and horror , too , the film is something of a zombie itself : half-alive and bloody , but lacking any heart .
With `` Cooties , '' what starts as recess fades all too rapidly into movie detention .
It 's not really funny enough to achieve grown-up cachet , and it 's too ugly and violent for younger viewers .
What could have been an amusing and entertaining zombie flick is , instead , a slog .
The filmmakers strive to deliver on their nutty , splattery premise . But they could give us more , and not necessarily of the over-the-top stuff .
Without a buttress of cleverness , `` Cooties '' is mere freewheeling idiocy .
It 's fun , but it 's no Class of Nuke 'Em High .
An all-star horror comedy with a goofy premise and enthusiastic execution .
Milks its midnight-movie aesthetic for all it is worth , mixing obviously fake gore and over-the-top violence with macabre , pop-culture humor .
Zombie film tropes start to dominate , and the story logic falters as the action leaves the school grounds .
If Cooties subscribes slavishly to the conventions of teacher movies , it at least has fun with them .
Cooties struggles to fill 90 minutes with a premise that could support , at most , five minutes of great content .
Should be your next midnight movie .
Despite the funny premise , `` Cooties '' does n't live up to its potential .
Fires from all cylinders early on , a jovially scathing mockery targeting the PC landscape of the public school system . Sadly , the screenplay paints itself into a corner as misguided as it is detrimental .
Cooties is an infectious zombie treat , making up for all the horror movies that refused to give kids what they had coming .
An energizing juggernaut until its seemingly inexhaustible ensemble cast members are outpaced by their respective characters ' quirks .
It makes an occasionally spirited pretense of injecting the tensions of the United States 's educational system into a familiar zombie-siege scenario .
Teachers come across as the usual movie stereotypes while the zombie kids simply run around chasing humans as a generic pack .
A hell of a fun time at the movies .
The engaging opening third of `` Cooties '' is enough to make the rest of the 96-minute film a mildly amusing diversion , but as the minutes roll by , you 'll wish the brains of the film had remained intact .
COOTIES is blithely bonkers in a way that feels new and unexpected .
Cooties is a ridiculously good time at the movies for viewers who like their laughs with a side of disembowelment .

@highlight

A horror-comedy without enough of either , Cooties is fatally content to skate by on its intriguingly oddball premise .