More than once , I found myself crying while watching Touch the Sound for no apparent reason , but then , beauty can do that to you .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating portrait .
A coy yet worthy profile of celebrated Scottish percussionist Evelyn Glennie .
Thomas Riedelsheimer 's portrait of deaf percussionist Evelyn Glennie is an absolute masterwork , both of filmmaking and of musicianship .
It does n't help when Glennie tries to elucidate her feelings about nature and music in holistic , broad strokes that border on nonsense .
A documentary that artfully blends sound , image and biography .
Riedelsheimer sees Glennie as an angel of hyperawareness and possessor of special spiritual wisdom .
Touch the Sound is remarkable not only because of Glennie 's story -- a clinically deaf Grammy-winning musician who has played with the world 's great orchestras -- but for the way Riedelsheimer uses sound .
It 's a contemplative piece of work that will leave you questioning the nature of what is audible -- particularly those parts that ` hearing ' people tend to tune out or ignore .
The movie makes an interesting addition to what could become Riedelsheimer 's evolving and extraordinary gallery of movies that bring the creative process to life .
It will be frustrating if you expect narrative and linear development . But if you take it on as a new point of view , valuable even if you do n't completely comprehend it yet , Touch the Sound is worth the trip .
Touch the Sound is a completely joyful moviegoing experience and , like the best movies , it takes you to a place you 've never been .
Riedelsheimer gives the viewer not only Glennie 's music , but her own experience of it .
-LSB- T -RSB- his is a film that leaves strong reverberations and a pleasant , sense-scrambled high .
You may find your own sense of hearing transformed by this global tour of the senses .
They get some amazing sounds from unusual sources ... This film is a visual and auditory experience .
Unfortunately , a good deal of Touch the Music is devoted to vacuous interviews with Glennie , who seems positively incapable of saying anything substantial .
You 'll either sail along with it contentedly , or you 'll start to think halfway through that maybe the movie could have been a lot shorter and made its points just as well .
Bold and often thrilling film .
An often-lovely impressionistic look at the life of a famous avant-garde percussionist who generates a wonderful world of sound , despite being deaf .
A film that succeeds both as biography and poetic travelogue .
Beautifully shot and filled with gorgeous music , but one of the most inspiring things about it is the way it erases the idea of Glennie 's deafness as a handicap .
We listen to this film more intensely than is usually the case .
This ` sound journey ' -LRB- as the subtitle of the film calls it -RRB- has much to like and recommend .
Like superior tracks on an exhausting double album , the individual moments of wonder in Touch The Sound are too powerful to dismiss .
There is a maddening sense of dislocation through much of the movie -- a feeling that genuinely fascinating questions have been squeezed out by woo-woo philosophizing and material -LRB- like Glennie 's brief return to the family farm -RRB- of only minor import .
It 's a spacious , hauntingly meditative film that thankfully does not dwell on the implications of Glennie 's deafness .
Glennie and Reidelsheimer prove equally adept at tapping into found sound and transforming it into art .
A nice introduction to an artist mostly unknown to the general public ... but one that needs to focus more on its strengths and less on outside influences .
Riedelsheimer succeeds in showing us Glennie 's world as she feels it .
A feast for the senses .
Arrestingly beautiful .
Innovative sounds and striking visuals combine to form an exquisite cinematic work that 's both a portrait of hearing-impaired percussionist Evelyn Glennie and a radical reexamination of sensory experience .
It 's a cliché to find inspiration in other people 's disabilities , but the truth is that Glennie would be inspiring whether she could hear or not . Her joyful enthusiasm for life is that great .
A potent and imaginative creative biography of virtuoso percussionist Glennie .
We 're led to experience her life as she does -- as an adventure in which setbacks are not challenges , but illuminations of untracked paths .
... he often assembles gorgeous , abstract visual montages that recall Godfrey Reggio 's - qatsi trilogy .
This impressionistic documentary is a mystical exploration of the sensory world as experienced by a musician who lost most of her hearing as a teenager .
Call this a profile in courage .
Educates in exhilarating ways , ways that are immediately applicable to how one lives one 's life .
It 's rare that a documentary conveys an artist 's worldview so compellingly , but then Glennie is no ordinary musician .
Does n't touch Glennie 's greatness .
Evelyn Glennie hosts a surrealistic ride through the waves of her preternatural percussion as she invites the audience to feel as they hear .
Fans of the Grammy-winning musician will revel in the proximity to their idol , though second pic from talented helmer Thomas Riedelsheimer plays a tad long to those unfamiliar with his , or her , work .
Rewarding , thought-provoking and subtly visceral .
This concentration on the physical quality of sounds is a mesmerizing corroboration of Glennie 's belief that tones , timbre , and tempo are in `` everything we see . ''
Glennie 's accomplishments in music are as unexpected and against all norms as are Lance Armstrong 's in sports .
Exquisitely beautiful for the eyes as for the ears .
It 's a cinematically masterful portrait even if its subject falls short of expectations .
The film is a paean to the variety of sound in our world , sound that we experience very differently from how Evelyn Glennie does .


@highlight

Not only does this documentary introduce viewers to Glennie , it gives them a taste of how she perceives the world .