A predictable but sweet old-fashioned teen romance .
Cyrus and Hemsworth ... represent some kind of theoretical low for how terrible two romantic leads can be , together and separately .
It 's an entire season 's worth of a teen soap opera crammed into a feature film .
Here 's the revelation : Miley Cyrus is a really interesting movie star in the making , with an intriguing echo-of-foghorn speaking voice , and a scuffed-up tomboyish physicality -LRB- in the Kristen Stewart mode -RRB- that sets her apart from daintier girls .
The latest in a growing number of weepy films based on Nicholas Sparks novels that do n't come anywhere close to The Notebook .
This film is kind of a brilliant move on the part of the Cyrus Corporation .
How do I find thee ridiculous , The Last Song ? Let me count the ways ... -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
As a vehicle to extend the Miley Cyrus $ $ $ billion $ $ $ dollar phenomenon of pre-teen fandom into a young adult starlet of seventeen , no production value was denied . But it ai n't this year 's discovery !
A melodrama that 's aimed at teen girls , but the cinematography and performances make it palatable for others as well -- if you do n't mind someone toying with your emotions .
full review at Movies for the Masses
This is piano-key-tinkling melodrama that pulls out just about every cliché in the book .
An obvious bid for the teen queen to extend beyond her comfort zone only to then clearly show her limits and need for further development .
As Nicholas Sparks adaptations go , this one 's both endearingly join-the-dots and surprisingly un-crass .
Novelist Sparks turns screenwriter with this film , which combines his usual themes -LRB- beaches , grieving teens , cancer -RRB- as a vehicle for Cyrus to put her childhood career behind her . It 's exactly what we expect , but it 's also fairly watchable .
Peddles banal truisms -LRB- `` Love is fragile , and we 're not always the best caretakers ! '' -RRB- as if they 're freshly minted .
The Georgia locations are handsome and the people are pretty but any resemblance to real life is purely coincidental .
Miley Cyrus makes a pathetic attempt to demonstrate her non-existent dramatic skills in this latest Nicholas Sparks-penned story .
The `` last song '' ? In all conscience , that should really have been Billy Ray 's Achy Breaky Heart in a brooding minor key . You 'll feel the ache and hear the break .
Disney starlet Miley Cyrus becomes an early contender for worst actress of the decade in this painful attempt at a romantic tear-jerker .
While it 's quite watchable , The Last Song does n't feel like a film that 's been made so much as assembled from standard teen movie clichés .
Honest and disarming , although with the obligatory Sparks pathos .
Anyone but Cyrus fans will find this one of the more inferior Sparks adaptations -- and yes , that includes Nights in Rodanthe .
It 's pretty watchable , mainly thanks to strong performances from Kinnear and Coleman . Cyrus , sadly , fails to convey a broken heart .
The Last Song is a movie that quite deliberately slots together its jigsaw pieces to take its audience on an expected and overly-sentimental ride .
The Last Song , from Miley Cyrus . If only we lived in a world where movie titles were legally binding .
The jury is still out on Cyrus 's ability to sustain her screen career over the longer term , but this is respectable enough as a first step in that direction .
Death ca n't come quickly enough .
Watchable drama that never strays too far from the Nicholas Sparks formula but succeeds thanks to likeable performances from Miley Cyrus and Greg Kinnear .
The Last Song ultimately proves to be a far more engaging piece of work than the viewer might 've initially suspected .
Cyrus has the potential to play truly adult roles , but she 'll need a director who 's looking out for an involving story and not just protecting Disney 's brown-haired franchise .
` Clunky , one paced and mostly off key ' not only describes Hemsworth 's intentionally bad singing in The Last Song but also the film .
The ending is contrived , it 's true . But I had a good time getting there in Nicholas Sparks ' ` The Last Song . '
Movies made from Nicholas Sparks ' books often have their nice moments and their moments where the sentimentality goes overboard .
Watching her graduate into mature roles is like watching a 17-year-old girl graduate from high school : So young , so full of promise , so little idea how to act like a grown-up .
This being a Nicholas Sparkes ' project you know that there will be sentiment galore , a teary finale , romance and reconciliation . So no surprises here . But there are a couple of elements that add a bit of ballast to this film .
A typical Sparks tearjerker but with more depth and emotion ; Cyrus is fine in the lead role .
Interminable
OMG movies are so unfair !
The big deal here is Cyrus ' first serious -LSB- on-screen -RSB- kiss . The lip locking is about as romantic as two fish gobbling at the same piece of food .
Cyrus does not disappoint her fans and makes a smooth transition from comedy to drama . The movie 's main drawback is that it compresses everything , leaving no breathing room in its under two-hour running time . Those wishing to spend more time with the cha
`` The Last Song '' hits the big bong of banality early on , and it never recovers .
Let 's not be too rough on -LSB- Miley Cyrus -RSB- : It 's hard to put one 's best foot forward when dealing with a script that 's the literary equivalent of cement shoes .
The Last Song is filled with great heart and chemistry but is ultimately destroyed by its cliches and cheesy moments .
Any of the novelty in seeing Disney 's crowned princess tricked out in combat boots and blue nail polish is negated by the absolute joylessness and lack of charisma Cyrus brings to the role .
Even for one not averse to some sentimental uplift in romantic movies , it 's all a bit much . In fact , it 's much too much .
The kind of bathetic and overwrought melodrama that Sandra Dee might have rejected a half-century ago for being too schmaltzy for its own good .
It 's understandable why Cyrus would want to show she 's capable of more than bubbly effervescence . But by overreaching , she only draws attention to her limitations as an actress while curtailing her own natural appeal .
The Last Song is predictable , exactly what you expect it to be .
Just because I 'm not a fan of Nicholas Sparks is n't going to stop me from recommending The Last Song to its target audience .
Sinks in its own excessive melodrama .
Sweet Miley Cyrus drama depicts first love , family troubles .
It 's like Dante and Beatrice all over again , with the Georgia coast standing in for Paradise .
Anything more labored than stolen kisses , paternal resentment , and gorgeous beachside cinematography grinds the whole endeavor to a disappointing halt .
Cyrus manages to make you forget the broad slapstick she plays as Disney 's poster girl and instead conveys genuine adolescence surliness .
Sadly , without a single note of originality , Last Song is an awfully long and tiresome tune .
The movie moves Ms. Cyrus from where she was to more or less where she and her handlers wanted to be , and Mr. Kinnear 's musician father , Steve , adds a generous measure of grace .
She retreats far too often into sitcom level emoting , channeling her Hannah Montana alter ego when she should be going for the full Rachel McAdams or Kristen Stewart pout .
Miley Cyrus is/too tall to be Hannah now , / so she makes Sparks fizzle .
The tears are jerked gracelessly and methodically . But this is what you want in a Nicholas Sparks movie starring Miley Cyrus , right ?
Cyrus , with her gruff voice and slightly awkward overbite , dressed like a typical rock chick outsider , plays one ballsy young woman . The film convinced me less .
This is Miley 's first dramatic role , and it proves that she should stick with her popular TV character .
So bad it makes The Notebook look like Casablanca .
This is Miley 's vehicle , but the strongest scenes are between Kinnear and Coleman .
It seems we 're stuck in the middle with Miley . She 's not ready to be a dramatic lead , and her core audience will be bored with this typical Sparks story .
Years on the Hannah Montana TV series have not adequately prepared Miley Cyrus for screen acting , even in a vehicle as unchallenging as this adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks novel .
The girls who 've grown up adoring Miley Cyrus as TV 's teenage Hannah Montana will undoubtedly flock to see their heroine in her first `` adult '' dramatic film .
Sparks has said he wrote this whole shebang for Cyrus , so it 's maybe unfair to ask more from a film that 's clearly a vehicle . No need to make a star push the boundaries when you can set up another shot of her pouting into the sun , wind whipping her hair .
The film is engineered to entice tween female moviegoers and repel everyone else .
While the movie will probably rake in big bucks from her built-in fan base -LRB- and their moms -RRB- , the decision to showcase her dramatic chops may not have been in Cyrus ' best long-term interest .
Yes , it 's Hannah Montana as a cynical brooder , and no , the movie does not pull it off .
-LSB- Cyrus is -RSB- believable as Ronnie partly because she , too , is 17 and at a crossroads in her life .
Cyrus ' acting ability makes Veronica 's emotional make-over work .
The role requires Cyrus to spend the first half of the movie glaring , the second half crying . If acting were weeping , she 'd be well on her way to a robust screen career .
For those wondering if the continuing popularity of such exercises might make this one worth the ticket price , the same effect might be achieved by writing names and obstacles -LRB- make some tragic -RRB- on index cards and tossing them in the air .
It might as well wear a ` kick-me ' sign for critics , grouches and Internet trolls ... No matter : Its intended youngish , girlish audience should like it just fine , satisfied sniffles and all .
It 's not surprising that in the hands of a first-time director and first-time screenwriter , nobody in this movie behaves like a recognizable human being , but it is surprising that Cyrus comes across as such an unlikable sourpuss .
Sparks also chips in as screenwriter , so he has no excuse for the messy result , and it does n't help that director Julie Anne Robinson works the material like a pugilist throwing emotional kidney punches .
Huffing through the early scenes of The Last Song with black leather boots and a frozen pout , Miley Cyrus plays author Nicholas Sparks ' idea of a rebel , which is to say Ned Flanders ' idea of a rebel .
The one person here who does n't embarrass himself is Kinnear . But it 's hard to see what he saw in this project , aside from a fairly easy paycheck .
The Original Nicholas Sparks Romance Factory accomplishes its goals . The New Miley Cyrus Acting Company falls a bit shorter .
Television director Julie Anne Robinson 's big-screen debut makes one thing clear : As likable a performer as she is , Cyrus simply ca n't act . Even Sparks ' formulaic material proves too challenging for her .
Cyrus is ghastly in The Last Song , bad not just in one or two ways , but in all kinds of ways . It was a disservice to the audience , to the material and to Cyrus herself that she was put in this position .
The predictable plot mechanics are n't what make it insufferable . The big problem is Miley Cyrus .
Cyrus is game and appealing , but she 's not nearly enough of a natural actress to pull off the emotional whip-cracks the story puts Ronnie through .
Cyrus , alas , has n't yet learned not to act with her eyebrows and overbite . But she does show off her considerable chops as a pianist and remains reasonably likable throughout .
It 's the worst of both worlds as Disney cash cow Miley Cyrus makes the most dubious `` dramatic '' debut of any singer since Britney Spears .
It 's hard to believe this bland starlet is the same spunky kid who bounced through the Hannah Montana movie just last year , but it 's only fair to cut Cyrus some slack .
The director , Julie Anne Robinson , makes sure that any scene that might culminate in thought or reflection instead becomes a montage set to music .
A dramatic showcase for a more grown-up Miley Cyrus , but not much more .
Perhaps feel-good tragedy does n't quite capture it ; feel-good sadism might be more like it .
Robinson is a sympathetic director of actors , allowing almost everyone their dignity . For the most part , she keeps this emotionally charged story in the schmaltz-free zone .
Fortunately , The Last Song mercifully avoids some of the clichés of its genre and will likely provide an unforgettably touching and wonderful film experience for the target teen girl audience that is bound to line up for it in droves .
All the obvious elements combine to manipulate the audience into a weepy time at the movies -- again .
Sand dunes at sunset , summer lovin ' -LRB- had me a blast ! -RRB- , a third-act medical crisis and a clutch of letters designed to be read aloud in voice-over : Another month , another adaptation of a Nicholas Sparks romance .
The Cyrus machinery repels any believable human connection onscreen , though she 's not helped much by Sparks and Van Wie 's script .
It ca n't manage to sort through its various issues in any dramatically compelling way , instead falling into a slack , soap-opera rhythm in which potentially catastrophic developments seem to have no lasting emotional effects .
I like Miley Cyrus . I like her in spite of the fact that she 's been packaged within an inch of her life .
... about on a par with the Mandy Moore starring `` A Walk to Remember ''
The Last Song is like one of those annoying tunes you 've heard so many times before that when it comes on the radio , you immediately switch stations .
In case you wondered : Little girls still scream for Miley Cyrus . You too may experience the need to scream , albeit for different reasons , should you take one -LRB- or more -RRB- of them to see The Last Song ...
Teen sensation Miley Cyrus 's bid for film stardom outside of her Hannah Montana persona gets off to a rocky start with The Last Song .
You can tell Miley Cyrus is trying to show her character is filled with dramatic , painful agony because she scrunches up her face like a Cabbage Patch Doll -LRB- or Renee Zellweger -RRB- .
Hopefully with this , his second critical flop within two months , Sparks will think thrice before hurting us again . This last song ? A requiem .
If you laid all the cliches in ` The Last Song ' end to end , they 'd probably circle the globe several times over .
Maybe Douglas Sirk could have made something profound out of the pseudo-ennobling horsepucky .
Playing out like a comprehensive checklist of every convention ever touched upon in a romantic melodrama , the picture fails at activating the tear ducts but sure gets the ocular muscles working as the viewer 's eyes roll from one side to the other .
Miley Cyrus must be stopped . Her emotional range includes happy and mad and nothing in between .
Cyrus has a likable , unforced screen presence but does not have the training or focus to show us any change more significant than the disappearance of the nose stud .
Parental Content Review
Like a band 's greatest hits album , The Last Song touches upon just about every character and plot point Nicholas Sparks in his limited imagination has ever used in his storytelling .
In addition to a knack for corny plot lines and montages of young people making out along the Southeastern coastline , Sparks has a sixth sense for making audiences cry .
Kinnear lends the movie a dignity it does n't deserve and stands as the only cast member whose dramatic moments are n't propped up by soaring musical cues .
It 's not a great film , with some edge Sparks put in the novel left out of the script . But there 's real chemistry between the young lovers .
akin to reserving a table at a fancy restaurant so you can order oatmeal
The set-up and the story are as unbelievable as the characters and the way they react with each other
It 's not one of Sparks 's more inventive efforts and Cyrus 's extended sulk does n't exactly enhance her acting prospects . Not that this means much .


@highlight

As shamelessly manipulative as any Nicholas Sparks production , The Last Song is done no favors by its miscast and overmatched star , Miley Cyrus .