The physicality of the violence in ` Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance ' spirals beyond control .
There 's a genuine sophistication , both technically and thematically , to what Park is doing in Sympathy For Mr. Vengeance .
A disappointing , dull , and often tedious examination of different people seeking different forms of revenge ...
Park forces us to consider a world where good intentions go awry , decent people do bad things , and fate deals cruel cards . But even at its darkest moments , Sympathy finds surprising and heartbreaking shreds of humanity .
Confirms Park 's mastery of a niche style of cinema that is glossy , morbid and childishly provocative .
Slightly more enjoyable than getting a kidney transplant .
It 's more of a freak show -- although freak shows can be fun , too .
Executed with style and it sets up a situation that provides some food for thought .
The best way to describe it is as the work of an artist -- director Chanwook Park -- who possesses both a conscience and a burning desire to use images to tell stories .
A stylish exercise with some agreeably weird touches , but as a whole it substitutes atmosphere for coherence or credibility .
Park prizes craftsmanship over bargain-bin schlock . It 's an odd testament to his spiritedness that , despite the coldblooded killing and trail of the dead , Mr. Vengeance feels warmly suffused with life .
Almost every scene contains something surprising , even startling -- we feel as if Park is searching for a new way of seeing ...
The movie begins as a tragic tale of sacrifice and love ... intense and understandably moving . It gets a little less interesting when it turns into a gore-fest .
Fun , up to a point , but once it crosses its own internal Rubicon it becomes downright horrific , with blood and torture and the vertiginous sense of being unable to wake from a particularly arresting nightmare .
It is a worthy start to a trilogy and to a director who is fast establishing himself as a new light in Asian cinema .
It 's not a new idea , that violence destroys everyone , no matter the ` righteousness ' of their cause . But it 's one worth relearning .
While there 's no denying that Park has strong visual skills , his content so far is in appalling bad taste .
There 's powerful drama in watching Ryu and Dong-Jin take their inevitable paths toward destruction , but not enough to mitigate the stomach-turning luridness along those paths .
Park 's juvenile obsession with blatant gross-outs belies his many talents .
hideously grim , and also oddly beautiful
Promises to be a stylish , resonant plunge into the dark waters of despair and revenge but ends up amusing itself with ostentatious shocks .
Park 's deliberate direction is full of serene scenes and lovely images for a film so full of violence and death ...
It 's all a little ultra-cool for me . Shakespeare was right . Revenge is a dish best served ice-cold , not cool .
Park 's worldview is grotty to such extremes that it becomes hard to recommend -LSB- this -RSB- in good conscience , no matter how virtuosic the delivery .
Even more brutal than Oldboy , but sadly less focused and with less intrigue
Park pays most of his attention to visceral style , but he sketches in enough about his characters to make them frighteningly relatable .
So bloody , scatologically violent and consistently shocking , it seems to have no larger purpose than itself -- which is pretty grim .
Two hours that did n't entertain much , thrill much or do much of anything ... much .
Somehow you 'd be more won over by his anti-revenge case if he did n't seem to be having such a good time making it .
This ultra-violent revenge thriller is far more notable for its baroque excesses than coherence or credibility .
SFMV is a cinematic tour de force , if an unrelentingly cruel one .
An intense , viscerally charged thriller that stays with you .
Slow pace and the lack of clear definition between good and bad makes it a less immediate effort than Oldboy .
It 's a hauntingly original film in which the seeds of Park 's even more audacious Oldboy -LRB- 2003 -RRB- are clearly evident .
You 'll likely be repulsed by much of Park 's vision , but , as somebody once said : no pain , no gain .
You ca n't look away , not only because the carnage is so masterfully photographed , but because the director sucks you into his bleak , poetic , even sensible vision of cosmic brutality .
It 's a rough ride , but an exhilarating and strangely moral one all the same .
Lucidly -LSB- explores -RSB- the grey-area complexities of guilt , morality , and the reactionary justifications that lead humane people to seek unspeakable retribution .
Park is the most exciting filmmaker to burst into my conscience in the last few years .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Park is the real deal ...
vainly attempts to imbue foulness with socio-political subtext
Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is a stylish bloodbath relieved by shafts of dark humor .
There is so much talent on display in Park Chanwook 's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance , it is a drag that the film never rises to the level of its director 's obvious ability .
Slowly degenerates into a gory revenge thriller that is never thrilling , but is often boring and frequently repulsive .
Sporting one of the greatest titles ever , Park Chan-wook 's 2002 thriller is similar to Oldboy in its subject matter but far plainer in its execution .
Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance is so badly told that it ends up dissecting a corruption that exudes from nowhere but itself .
Park Chanwook 's Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance accomplishes a miraculous feat by being harrowing and humane in equal measure .
Poorly edited , though not as much gore as some say .
Do roteiro moralmente complexo aos quadros impecáveis e repletos de significado concebidos por Park , este filme revela-se uma absoluta obra-prima .
The end result is a forgettable movie , notable only for its copious gore and bloodletting .
A daisy wheel of revenge-fueled gore speciously intercut with delusions of social commentary .
These are visions from among the dark recesses of the mind , shoved in our faces with ruthless imagination . Even beauty .
There 's no flow or rhythm , and sometimes it feels like scenes are missing .
Brutally nihilistic , this is one of the best Korean films to have hit these shores in a very long time .



@highlight

Though Park directs with stylistic flair , this revenge thriller is more excessively gruesome than thrilling .