The Academy could slight it in the end . But it should n't be slighted by audiences .
If calculated catharsis does not annoy you , then The Light Between Oceans could be the late summer movie for you .
While I thought The Light Between Oceans could have been a better movie , I 'm glad that I saw it for two reasons ... Alicia Vikander and Rachel Weisz . There 's nothing wrong with a chick flick , when the chicks shine that bright .
... If this sounds like your cup of milky tea , The Light Between Oceans should satisfy , but not dazzle .
With strong acting as its anchor , breathtaking cinematography accompanies this tale guaranteed to tug on those heartstrings .
Watch it for the actors and the gorgeous sea-coast imagery .
It 's a challenge to emerge from this immersive tale without being forever affected .
The plot does n't quite throw up as much moving drama as it should .
While it 's undeniably good-looking and well-acted by a cast that eventually includes Rachel Weisz , what duly ensues is predictable , pretty heavy-going and morally exasperating .
If you have to make a movie out of this kind of thing , the result here is about as good as you might be able to hope for .
Michael Fassbender and Alicia Vikander could n't be more picture perfect in this romantic melodrama .
O brother Cianfrance , where art thou ? Maybe next time .
The Light Between Oceans never quite gels into the bona-fide drama it pretends to be .
It 's rare for a mainstream movie to lavish such time and attention on a woman 's yearning for a child and her requited maternal passion - especially one directed by a man .
The Light Between the Oceans is no masterpiece . It does n't even make it to `` pretty good . '' For a picture with the word `` Light '' in its title , this one is awfully murky .
What I find so jarring about The Light Between Oceans is n't just its unabashed sentimentality , but its utter reducibility .
There were tears on my cheeks , but I was n't feeling a thing .
From lesser actors , the story would have definitely become the worst Nicholas Sparks film adaptation ever . But they make you feel for them , even when they 're making poor life decisions that you know will end miserably .
The story takes a turn halfway through that might be true to the book -LRB- I have n't read it -RRB- but shifts gears out of the sensual treat we 've been experiencing into sheer melodrama , utilizing a set of coincidences that feel downright corny .
It 's a shame that within such beauty lies a pretty gloomy story , one that foolishly trusts the audience will get behind the whole stealing-a-baby concept . I did n't , and I got very bored .
A film that resources to drama , beautiful scenes and its cast more than necessary , pushing its protagonist to the limit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A powerful story in which the filmmaker starts from material that 's not his own and the result does n't seem to evidence too much synthesis ability . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A story that focuses on the portrait of each of the characters , and a relationship subjected to dramatic dilemmas , which are interpreted admirably . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that is n't on the same level as other titles that pursue a similar purpose , but it 's a decent attempt . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A prettily shot piece about the contracts that bind people in a community .
A pity that this film gets dragged by its convoluted plot , forcing emotion without deepening in any of its great subjects . Not even in love . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An exciting film even though Cianfrance fails to develop it with all the profusion it deserves . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A cloistered romantic story more typical of a Nicholas Sparks 's work translation than a passionate drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The acting is good enough to assuage most doubts and the cinematography lovingly details the extraordinary scenery it inhabits .
Ultimately , The Light Between Oceans is a hokey period romance masquerading as a morality tale .
What Cianfrance ca n't do is find a definitive ending : the film has at least three as it builds to a high pitch and thus runs long . But along the way it 's passionately gripping and much more than the cliche of a tear-jerking romance .
While the story and performances were strong , The Light Between Oceans is an eternal example of how an adaptation should have stayed a book .
It 's an intriguing moral dilemma , even while stretching the boundaries of credibility .
Director Derek Cianfrance attempts to bring the emotional rawness of his previous films and influences to the melodrama genre with The Light Between Oceans , but he never quite pulls off the feat .
The Light Between Oceans firmly establishes Cianfrance 's deep mastery of the craft , and secures his reputation as a visionary filmmaker with a delicate cinematic touch .
-LSB- Cianfrance -RSB- relentlessly tries to push the film 's tropes and metaphors into something bigger and more powerful than they need to be , which creates an atmosphere of melodrama that even a trio of strong performances ca n't banish .
Even when the film 's efforts to evoke tears are a little too evident , Fassbender and Vikander ensure that everything feels , and looks , utterly genuine .
As good as the actors are they ca n't persuade us to buy the story 's melodramatic contrivances .
It 's well acted and lovely to look at but extremely slow -LRB- the first 45 minutes are all prologue -RRB- and predictable ; you know from the beginning it 's not going to end well .
It almost has a Mills & Boon quality , but it 's very nice to look at and Fassbender and Vikander are most convincing as the doomed lovers .
Instead of tear-jerking , this approach eventually sees the audience dry-eyed with irritation .
It 's the texture and the feel of the film , rather than the actual plot itself , that makes it so effective
For those who have not read the book , there are some significant surprises in store -- while those who have will , I think , be satisfied with this handsome adaptation .
By the end , you may be surprised at yourself shedding a tear or two but it wo n't inspire the kind of all-encompassing emotional heaving the best weepies induce .
It probably goes without saying , but tissues are a must .
No one will deny that it looks gorgeous , and that the cast performs with raw emotional intensity .
A grimly saccharine and interminably trite sea-sodden weepie .
It 's a romantic and tough look at love , grief and choices - wonderfully acted and presented .
Grand weepies and visionary directors have their place , but this combination does both a disservice .
While it is well acted and well written , the execution does sometimes have a Hallmark-Movie-of-the-Week feel to it , heavy on the portentous drama and intrusive score .
The emotions are as beautifully captured as the scenery , but the staging is wutheringly contrived .
Though the cast -LRB- which includes Rachel Weisz -RRB- does some good work , it 's too controlled to rip you apart the way a film like this should .
Piling tragedy upon tragedy until it collapses under the weight , the fourth narrative feature from Derek Cianfrance makes a flagrant play for your heartstrings .
It all ends in tears , and much louder music , and a series of events that strain credibility to snapping point , although it could well be that by then you 're sobbing too loudly to care .
It never quite engages , perhaps due to a pace that plods , a running time of over two hours , and a mishandled third act .
Cianfrance 's film is like a form pushed under our noses . On the dotted line at the bottom you can just make out the words : `` Cry here . ''
A period melodrama that 's soppier than a seaman 's mop .
Cianfrance 's moving but messy melodrama ca n't quite conjure the elusive alchemy of adaptation .
Vikander and Fassbender are riveting in a handsome period drama that begins beautifully , but becomes increasingly contrived as it tries to wring as much drama as possible from its set-up .
We are treated to the requisite picturesque longshots and dewy close-ups , and yet the thing never connects . Instead of reaching for a tissue , I was checking my watch .
Recommended , but twenty minutes could have been easily shorn off .
The implications of the choice eventually made -- and the slow and steady unravelling of all lives involved -- are tough to process , but touchingly , truly portrayed here .
When we get into the second hour-and-a-bit it rather suffers , as heavy heartstring-plucking and general blubbering take over .
A slightly overwrought tale is made digestible by the mesmeric cinematography of Adam Arkapaw and the intense chemistry of the central double act .
The Light ... veers dangerously close to melodrama , but it manages to steer clear thanks to the restrained performances of its cast .
Despite the talent involved , The Light Between Oceans is mawkish when it should be moving .
... it 's the story that 's the real problem here .
I loved everything about this affecting and exquisitely made tearjerker whose themes of love , loss and sacrifice rise and fall like the waves on the ocean . Cinematic , poetic and always accessible
If you can handle its old-fashioned melodrama , you will find a beautifully shot , powerfully acted tale of loss , grief and the healing power of love .
-LSB- The Light Between Oceans , -RSB- although filled with pretty visuals and is skilfully anchored by a couple of committed performances , proves to be a little too gloomy to bear .
This film is visually beautiful . But in terms of content it is flat and boring . It is very nice , tender and well acted , but that 's it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite the amazing performances of Vikander and Fassbender , and the beautiful landscapes , this film is a conventional and sensitive melodrama that works only on the first part and ends up being predictable and imperceptible . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Too much of the opening hour is spent establishing Tom and Isabel 's happiness with unnecessarily extended scenes of the two frolicking about in nature .
Above-average Oscar bait that does n't have anything particularly wrong with it , but nothing so special either -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
A solid film that will surely make you cry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I suspect a doomed romance of another sort has unfurled : Acclaimed indie director falls for slush bucket best-seller and thinks he can `` redeem '' it with great cinematography and Oscar-winning actors .
A deep and beautifully told drama about a couple alone on a desert island . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
an effectively calculated tearjerker
Improbably beautiful and improbably anguished .
An insipid and conventional melodrama , strictly academic in execution . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Full of inconsistent time jumps and heavy handed foreshadowing , `` The Light Between Oceans '' starts off strong but peters out by the time the film ends ... about 40 minutes too late .
We should yearn for these characters to be blissfully happy together . Instead , we 're just too miserable and worn down to even care .
A deeply affecting movie .
At first , the film seems to assure us there 's no terrible situation that ca n't get worse . Then it makes a more sincere , truthful assertion : things always get better .
A slightly restrained drama where the actors are the best of the film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a pretty film and well acted , but neither can save The Light Between Oceans from being a disappointment .
Cianfrance 's mesmeric eye for heartbreak is dulled here . The waters are muddied and the pull of The Light Between Oceans falters , despite some fine cinematography .
Conviction propels `` Oceans . ''
A film that creates certain feeling of distance or coldness , and even boredom . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Amazingly performed and with a great photography but relatively insipid . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An emotionally rich romantic thriller about marriage , parenting , and the spiritual choices that sometimes come with both .
` The Light Between the Oceans ' is surprisingly disappointing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Fassbender and Vikander light up the screen with their chemistry and talent .
Stand back from this fable and examine it for logic , and you see how nonsensical it is .
Melodrama gets the best of everyone in a tale in which weighty ethical questions are presented with all the complexity of what one 's obligation is when they find a wallet stuffed with money .
If you 're in the mood for an old-fashioned , historical melodrama , this is a schmaltzy , sorrowful , heart-wrenching `` weeper . ''
The performances and luscious cinematography are highlights of `` The Light Between Oceans '' ; it did n't overwhelm me with feels but certainly is a worthy entrance into what is hopefully a satisfying award season .
Overall , `` The Light Between Oceans '' is a fine representation of the film-making potential of director Derek Cianfrance ... although it wo n't be mentioned among his career highlights .
The Light Between Oceans is a painfully slow and obvious melodrama . I felt every second of its two hour and twelve minute runtime .
Contrivances and melodrama aside , it is emotionally true and that 's often the most important thing for a film of this nature .
The movie ends up seeming like an inchoate hybrid of melodrama and psychodrama-between the oceans , indeed .
Pictorial beauty in a David Lean sort of way and a mesmerizing quality might convince a viewer ` The Light Between Oceans , ' a contrived and emotionally manipulative tale , has real credibility .
This trio of powerhouse performances make The Light Between Oceans a romantic weepie that earns its tears .
... fails to illuminate the depth of the inner turmoil of its central characters , who instead become lost in a melodramatic fog .
The Light Between Oceans is a visually and thematically cohesive package , though its characters feel emotionally an arm 's length away .
A gorgeous but plodding period piece .
While viewer opinion might differ , I came out with not much more than a `` meh '' response to everything the film has to offer . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Strong performances and beautiful cinematography elevate The Light Between Oceans , yet soap opera contrivances and uneven writing hold it back .
The movie is wonderfully written , beautifully acted and gorgeously photographed . If only director and screenwriter Derek Cianfrance had n't fallen so deeply in love with his own overlong , five-hankie script .
After it 's finished making you cry , The Light Between Oceans provides a rich story that demands discussion .
The movie errs most with its main plot , which requires the characters to behave with utmost stupidity , sacrificing its hard-earned storytelling for a frustrating payoff .
Fassbender is glorious , while Vikander is his equal .
The entire thing runs some two hours and 12 minutes , and it feels both too long and not long enough .
The Light Between Oceans has one eye on the coming awards seasons , the other on delivering some wonderfully weepy entertainment . Expect success on both fronts .
The Light Between Oceans is stunning to see , and the performances are of the highest caliber , but it 's all packaged in a story that just does n't earn its stay , or our tears .
Fassbender and Vikander are both powerful in their roles , and even in a comparatively small amount of screen time , Weisz is commanding .
The movie falls off the cliff of melodrama by the midway point , and unless you decide to walk out , you 're going to follow this scenic heap of sunsets and moody ocean shots as it wails on its laborious descent .
Deeply emotional , distressing drama not for faint of heart .
Here is a tough , complex morality play in the guise of a good , old-fashioned melodrama .
Fassbenderand Vikander , who fell in love during the making of the film , fully commit to their roles and hold us in their grip . The movie , sad to say , ca n't keep its head above water .
If you love to cry at movies - you know who you are - do n't bring a hankie to The Light Between Oceans . Supply yourself instead with a roll of toilet paper , then thread it on a spindle in the drink holder .
This would be one heavy slog without its luminous leads .
Billed as a romance , it is not a very good one in spite of a somewhat original story . Eventually it turns into a soap opera and has nowhere unpredictable to go .
Buried beneath this melodrama-but shining through nearly enough to justify a look-one can see the film that could have been .
Has the hallmarks of a shameless tear-jerker . All that 's missing is a dab of cancer and maybe an incinerated kitten .
What the protagonists do is simply wrong , and their attempts to fix it are first tepid , then unpleasant .
There 's real emotion and consequence in this three-hankie weepie . It earns its tears .
Pretty sure I spotted a credit at the end of the movie for a tear-bucket grip .
-LSB- It -RSB- tells us loud and clear that summer is over and it 's okay for grown-ups to go to the movies again .
Fassbender and Vikander give powerful performances and their on-screen chemistry holds the film together when the story wavers .
The latest from writer/director Derek Cianfrance is no ` Place Beyond the Pines , ' but he again proves his skill at meticulous storytelling . And , oh , what a fabulous cast of actors !
At a certain point the movie is grounded by its director 's grave approach .
Even with all the good stuff , The Light Between Oceans too often shines dimly .
It 's far too easy to become overwrought and syrupy , and while the new movie has a lot going for it , it does eventually succumb to those watery depths .
There are scenes here that make the most lachrymose TV movie weepie seem restrained by comparison . Nonetheless , you ca n't help but admire the film 's full blown approach .
At the climax the wife makes a decision antithetical to her character , and a morally complex film derails into hackneyed Nicholas Sparks territory .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Cianfrance has one chance to lighten the load , to unleash a little visual magic to boost the narrative contrivance , and all he can summon are handheld shots of crashing foam .
Cianfrance is far more concerned with mood than he is with logic , and his movies -- to me , anyway -- continue to suffer because of his choices .
The film plays more like a fable than a story of earthbound humans , and a fractured fairy tale at that .
What was deeply moving on the printed page seems mechanically melodramatic when dramatized in Derek Cianfrance 's film . You want to be moved but ca n't shake the feeling that mostly you 're being manipulated .
Regardless of how The Light Between Oceans affects you -- visually , dramatically or through the fierce , tormented emotions it provokes -- affect you it will .
Fassbender and Vikander make the film work , just .
In spite of a slightly awkward ending , the film is a deeply serious , tender examination of emotional devastation .
It builds a gripping morality play , with characters as fierce and hardened as the choppy waves that crash onto the shore from all directions .
The actors hurl themselves into their roles with sufficient commitment and feeling that you believe in Tom and Isabel completely , even when the creaky narrative machinery around them begins to trigger your skepticism .
The Light Between Oceans is completely engaging and it 's heartbreaking , though not so heartbreaking , Mr. Cianfrance seems to suggest , as the simple passage of time .
While Fassbender and Vikander are excellent and the chemistry between them is palpable , The Light Between Oceans never quite shrugs off its staid decorum to become something truly moving .
Its depictions of searing guilt amount to little more than tight close-ups of teary-eyed actors .
` The Light Between Oceans ' is an emotionally charged feature whose impact is blunted by its methodical and deliberate pacing .
Instead of flattering romantic fantasies , it digs into the difficult truth about the world , and comes out with a hopeful realism that seems , after all , quite beautiful .
Was there ever an actor more self-evidently born to play a melancholy lighthouse keeper than Michael Fassbender ?
This is a very pretty movie with a very compelling premise and very talented actors , but pacing , hazily conceived characters and a rather simplistic approach to psychology make it very hard to love .
The film often looks lovely . But all of that loveliness is a cover for a creaky narrative .
The high-art appurtenances of the period romance overwhelm the story 's potboiler elements , leaving us with a Janus-faced product that peers in both directions but remains uninvolved .
At 132 minutes , the story drags to the point where even natural beauty and sweet intimacy start to wear on the nerves . Cianfrance pushes too hard for his audience 's emotional response , with little nuance and strange selectivity .
The Light Between Oceans seemingly yearns to be a lush , ravishing prestige drama . But it also does n't seem to know what to do with the , y' know , drama .
`` The Light Between Oceans '' hangs on the screen like a large , lovely painting in a beautiful old frame .
Without question , Cianfrance is a filmmaker to be reckoned with . But he may need to forget that if he ever wants to make his best work .
What power the film possesses is due mainly to the expressive performances of Fassbender and Vikander , who sweep away the murk more than any lighthouse ever could .
The film 's solemn visual rhythms exert an almost hypnotic spell that for a time gives a heroic dimension to a story as emotionally fraught as a vintage Bette Davis melodrama .
Cianfrance makes intimate , psychologically penetrating films , with quiet spaces and moments of brutal intensity ... As unlikely as the story is , Cianfrance deftly steers the material through elemental themes ...
Cianfrance is so committed to Thomas and Isabel 's perspectives that his movie becomes claustrophobic without ever being particularly revealing -LRB- or convincing -RRB- .
Taken piecemeal , there 's plenty to enjoy with ` The Light Between Oceans ' but there 's not much variation in tone .
This adaptation of M.L. Stedman 's best-selling tearjerker is tasteful , elegant and decorous-but also stiff , overinflated and ponderous .
Ladies and gentlemen , let your hankies unfurl .
For all of Cianfrance 's seriousness , the material proves too essentially melodramatic , hokey and self-serious to save . No gorgeous cinematography and no cast , no matter how A-list , can ultimately save this material from itself .
Fassbender and Vikander are world-class actors who take an underdeveloped script and make it watchable , if not the weepfest that it 's shooting for .
The movie suggests that , like the waters of the great oceans that cover the Earth , all things are connected-past , present and future ; grief and happiness ; war and peace ; life and death .
How hard can life be ? This hard . If you have tears , prepare to shed them now .
Fassbender and Vikander explore their characters ' various thorny moral quandaries and shifting states of mind in breath-catching depth , drilling down through the plot 's melodramatic crust to the swirling ethical magma underneath .
The Light Between Oceans sucks you in with the beauty of its landscapes , the elegance of its period detail , and the chemistry between two blindingly attractive stars who might actually be in love .
As a lighthouse generally indicates , avoid .
In the end , I think this film would 've worked better with B-list actors and a director who fully embraced the melodrama . As it is , The Light Between Oceans feels like a film between genres .
It 's ambitious as hell , and all three actors are up for the challenge , but the film 's momentum slips away in the final movement when characters are separated and isolated by the demands of the plot .
The Light Between Oceans is an effective melodrama , but the lingering sensation the film leaves after its end is that it might have been much more .
From the performances to the presentation there is much to like about The Light Between Oceans , but little that makes us want to fully embrace it .
As an audience , we are n't given the tools to equip ourselves to care enough to take anyone 's side , and while the performances are good , the story proceeds in a mechanical fashion .
A scene is n't a scene unless it leaves the audience completely numb , with `` Oceans '' unable to emerge from the dark , effectively destroying whatever richly mournful qualities were found in the source material .
`` The Light Between Oceans '' is easily one of the year 's most visually stunning films . Ironically , it 's also one of the most difficult to watch .
Eliminate the dialogue , and this would still be a captivating film .
A mesmerizing , engrossing and beautifully made cinematic experience , rare as a pink unicorn , that enchants for more than two hours and makes you wish for at least one hour more .
The Light Between Oceans is possibly Cianfrance 's weakest film to date , but at the same time the strongest visually . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
So relentlessly tasteful that it 's a little distasteful .
Fine performances and exquisite cinematography , production , and sound and costume design are almost enough to shake off the clingy soapy residue that comes with the romantic drama territory .
The whole thing is feverishly earnest and more than a little manipulative , but it 's also possibly the prettiest two hours of emotional masochism so far this year .
You will need a bit of a sweet tooth for some of the flavour in The Light Between Oceans , but there is tremendous confidence and it is hugely watchabe . It will put you in a wobbly sort of trance .
The sense of authenticity that marks The Light Between Oceans at its best has everything to do with the acting - and if all Cianfrance ever gives us is that , it 's worth the price of his lagging third act .
It 's a melodrama that does n't need grime to make it interesting or wrenching .
The overt tearjerking smacks of barefaced manipulation , and in the end it gets really , really annoying .
Often beautiful and moving , but emotionally it never quite sticks .
Lush , lovely but overlong and somewhat frustrating romantic fable .
Cianfrance has a proven track record of exploring how guilt can transform when burdened by the weight of time , but it 's never felt more artificial in his hands .
Halfway through , overloaded with baggage , the movie finally starts to sink - and takes its whole crew down with it .
The high marks are present and littered frequently throughout . It begins with the heartbreaking turn from Academy Award winner Rachel Weisz as the devastating Hannah , a grief-stricken mother whose arc goes into interesting territories .
Derek Cianfrance 's film is a beautifully sustained study in adult themes of emotional crisis .
Cianfrance never squeezes the life out of his picture , but like a hug that overstays its welcome , its doting embrace is too tight for comfort .
Just when the audience is gearing up for a powerfully tragic resolution of the kind that Thomas Hardy might have written , the movie veers off into Nicholas Sparks territory instead .
The cathartic pleasures of a good old-fashioned weepie are promised and then never delivered in Derek Cianfrance 's handsome but curiously lifeless The Light Between Oceans .
`` The Light Between Oceans '' winds up taking one too many self-serious twists and turns . The film earns its darkness , but it might have been even more affecting if it did n't shrink from the light .
The film 's gentle , relentless air of potential heartache can be affecting . But much like Alexandre Desplat 's decorous score , the stately , reserved tone ultimately becomes monotonous .
Derek Cianfrance ca n't quite thread the needle between John Cassavetes and David Lean , but it 's fun to watch him try .
The result is a movie that crackles quietly without flaring up into an emotional blaze .
The Light Between Oceans is a tearjerker that plays like an extra long Lifetime TV movie with a Grade A cast .
I 'm just not sure anyone could have turned this soap opera material into anything other than a sweeping , credibility-stretching , overwrought ... soap opera .
`` The Light Between Oceans '' is lushly shot and exquisitely acted . It 's also elegiac bordering on stodgy , a soapy , workmanlike drama reminding of a 1990s-era BBC production at best and a network Movie of the Week at worst .
is beautiful to look at , but this feels like a Lifetime movie given the A-list treatment ... in failing to steep us in Isabel 's pain and mental state in act two , Cianfrance leaves us with an overly indulgent husband and self-centered wife in act three .

@highlight

The Light Between Oceans presents a well-acted and handsomely mounted adaptation of its bestselling source material , but ultimately tugs on the heartstrings too often to be effective .