A joyless cheesy Christian faith - based drama that might not even appeal to mice .
Here is a new propaganda exhibition of pseudo-Christian cinema ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... it seems that we are facing a perfect symptom of that supermarket spirituality that already has a large supply in the publishing market .
The Shack does address the questions of a grieving and bitter father in need of healing through its theological references .
Perhaps there are Christians who will appreciate The Shack 's Oprahfied universal heaven , wherein no bad deed goes punished . But it made us pine for the Book of Job God to spitefully hurl leviathans and behemoths .
The film deals in starkly spiritual terms with the issues of loss , hatred and forgiveness , and raises a lot of common questions about who 's side God is on ... In a brave performance , Worthington brings a salty edge to his character .
Ghastly .
A few of the discussions are quite knotty , but the whole thing is still too steeped in American mawkishness to have a chance with anyone unpersuaded by that form of worship .
Making a sincere film about religious faith is a tricky thing to pull off . And this folksy dose of misguided manipulation demonstrates many of the common pitfalls .
Touchy-feely New Age therapy runs headlong into evangelical Christianity in The Shack .
To approach spirituality on screen and maintain a sense of enchantment is a hurdle many a filmmaker have fallen over - and it 's one that Stuart Hazeldine has struggled with .
This is more of a sermon than a movie , so its appeal will very much depend on where you stand on that kind of thing .
It 's a film that asks the right questions , but the answers are n't really dramatically persuasive .
Good intentions , but far too earnest to appeal to anyone beyond those who believe you can fight a true crisis of the soul with a campfire and some Kumbaya .
Despite the coolest deity casting since Dogma 's Alanis Morrisette , this faith-based fantasy wo n't win over many non-believers or cinematic admirers .
After two hours of this drivel , I was praying for the end credits .
Exactly like being trapped in a shack with three smiling , happy-clappy Evangelical types for two and a quarter hours .
The film could have been just crazy enough to be brilliant , but it winds up looking like a wet weekend at Christian Disneyland .
Modern-day Christian parables do n't come any stodgier or more syrupy than this .
Based on William Paul Young 's best-selling 2007 novel , this endlessly earnest but ultimately unconvincing film serves up plenty of cheese with little depth .
It 's during the intimate moments of this grand conversation between God and his creation where The Shack truly finds it power .
Although director Stuart Hazeldine 's drama preaches to the converted , it retains the simple strengths which made the book so widely read .
Which way is the exit ?
Not even Octavia Spencer can redeem this one .
The Shack is an honest consideration of a Christian theological explanation for why bad things happen to good people . If you loved the book , I think you will be able to say the film surpasses it .
The Christian God is rarely shown figuratively in movies , and The Shack is a good example of why not .
The Shack will appeal to those who like Christian cinema and put the theme above the technical attributes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
British director Stuart Hazeldine cranks up the digital effects to give a fairly interesting interpretation of heaven , but they can not make up for how this is a sermon , turned into a play , dressed up with computer-aided show-and-tell .
The Shack successfully manages to challenge the narrow conceptions of what a Christian looks or sounds like - hence all of the debate and controversy .
This one nevertheless falls short , thanks to the plodding direction of Stuart Hazeldine , who also lets Worthington engage in the kind of mumbling whisper that some actors mistake for intensity .
To the film 's credit is its willingness to dip into the deep end of dark matters instead of shying away from harsh truths and hard-earned faithlessness . Still , The Shack plods toward the Almighty - even when its characters are walking on water .
Intrigue and Mystery
In this case , religion should n't be a deciding factor on whether or not you give this film a chance .
Insipid
If Octavia Spencer is God , then Lord , take me to church .
Regardless of which path you come at it by , it 's a cleverly told lesson of love and forgiveness , and the most appealing movie sermon I 've seen in years .
It 's one of those movies where you 'll either decide to give in right away and sob for two hours straight or opt to fight it while your resentment slowly simmers to a rolling boil .
At times The Shack is able to provoke real thought and introspection . But as a movie , it struggles with issues of structure and execution , which no doubt happened in the book-to-film transition .
Its copious amounts of cinematic flaws actually render it borderline incoherent and an absolute chore to sit through .
The constant reminders that everything is going to be alright , and that we should not worry our pretty little heads about why evil is allowed to exist , has a distinctly condescending tone that for all the noble speeches leaves a sour aftertaste .
The Shack is n't necessarily a hellish ordeal , but it 's no godsend either .
Sentimental faith-based adaptation explores grief , healing .
An understandably angry man taking on God and company should have been dramatically powerful , captivating and moving . But as presented here , it 's anything but that . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Family Loss , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Based on the sleeper bestseller by Canadian author William P. Young , The Shack offers an enlightening - if dispiriting - vantage on contemporary , non-denominational Christianity .
The Shack wants to be a sincere exploration of faith and forgiveness but somehow manages to be both too innocuous and too off-putting for its own good .
`` The Shack '' is a grief-packed journey through loss , bargaining and acceptance that feels like an overly long church sermon .
I do n't like Christian movies but this is a good one . Best Christian movie ever .
Most of its running time is taken with mollifying conversations between Mack and the movie 's New Age-meets-Bible Belt oversimplifications of the Holy Trinity . It fits right into a long tradition of quasi-mystical pseudo-parables .
When Worthington and his wacky trio are allowed to loosen up , The Shack radiates with undeniable sweetness , but the darker elements grind it to an unnerving halt .
Its idea that God loves us enough to reach out to every one of us in our the way we are best able to understand is genuinely touching .
The Shack is a simplistic , schlocky Sunday school lesson that will likely be appreciated only by those who already believe it . The choir will enjoy the preaching , even if it falls on deaf ears with everyone else .
Believers may not find enough to engage them in what amounts to a two-hour sermon about what they already know , while ye of little faith -LRB- ye know who ye are -RRB- will feel harangued .
Inspirational books are one thing , inspirational films are another . Readers conjure up worlds of their own , filmgoers are stuck with what 's on the screen .
Even its jolts of surrealism feel curiously stilted ; what it needed was a director whose reverence would be tempered by a healthy sense of the ludicrous , an ability to tap into and draw out the material 's stranger undercurrents .
God can meet people even in the kitschy and maudlin , just as he meets people even in suffering and tragedy . -LRB- Not that this justifies either . -RRB-
For a faith-based film that aims to promote spiritual healing and prescribe forgiveness , The Shack is almost unforgivably joyless and visually bland .
`` The Shack '' is unshakable in its religious message , and that 's admirable in a cynical world . But viewed objectively as cinema , it 's just not a very good film .
As the film passes the two-hour mark , it begins to feel as if it 's treading water . People of faith already know that there are no cut-and-dried answers to the kinds of questions Mack is asking .
However universal the perennial questions and struggles that The Shack illuminates , under Stuart Hazeldine 's plodding direction , its faith-based brand of self-help feels like being trapped in someone else 's spiritual retreat - in real time .
For churchgoers it 's a nice change of scenery , a visual aid beyond stained glass to reaffirm faith . For the rest of us , it 's a trap . We 're reminded how cruel the world can be , and if we do n't believe in Spencer 's pies , we stay miserable .
Shares a touch more DNA with Martin Scorsese 's brilliant `` Silence '' than one would expect . And yet it 's still not very good .
The entire story is so pre-ordained to fit the expectations of an audience of true believers that it locks out pretty much everyone else and quickly ossifies into a sermon instead of a real movie .
At more than two hours , the film is too long and the storyline too faith-infused to be truly redemptive for a broader audience .
A Hallmark-card therapy session , a kind of woodland weekend-retreat self-actualization seminar hosted by the Father , the Son , and the Holy Ghost .
An important message ... buried under platitudes , sermons and a saccharine score that endlessly plucks at the heart strings .
This is a faith-based movie that uses a heavy hand to pound viewers with its religious messages . That 's a shame because when the film is n't preaching , the story of how someone deals with great loss is touching and moving .
The Shack is a well-acted and sometimes moving but far too often slow-paced and unconvincing spiritual journey .

@highlight

The Shack 's undeniably worthy message is ill-served by a script that confuses spiritual uplift with melodramatic clichés and heavy-handed sermonizing .