The film is a poetic look at the past and present of a city much older than the recent troubles for which it is best known .
This is what community is .
Do not go hungry to City of Gold , the tantalizing food will challenge you . It will also elicit an increased appreciation of good ethnic offerings , especially those that do n't require a rich person 's budget .
An unalloyed success , this documentary makes the city and its subject one .
City of Gold ' is a sweet and charming portrait of a talented man with a big appetite -- for food , for people , for Los Angeles .
While the documentary occasionally verges on hagiography ... it does n't irritate ... It 's just a nice movie about a nice man
It 's really a documentary about journalism and eating , and truly appreciating both words and food .
Be warned : if you go on an empty stomach , you will certainly not last the distance .
It 's obviously fun being Gold .
An impressive documentary about a Pulitzer-Prize-winning food critic who loves Los Angeles and its diversity of restaurants .
The film 's final shots of Gold in his truck , negotiating Los Angeles traffic at sunset - `` magic hour , '' in La La Land 's dreamy lingo - drive home the film 's raison d'être : as an ode to the city , and to its most lyrical chronicler .
While the movie may overstate Gold 's brilliance , it 's still a relatively entertaining look at the world of food and food criticism .
So much of the food and its unassuming nature -- and especially Gold 's enthusiasm for it -- is , like the film itself , very appealing indeed .
Although there might be a few too many items on its menu , this mouth-watering documentary uses the food culture of Los Angeles to celebrate the city 's diversity .
Laura Gabbert 's sweet , soulful documentary City of Gold is simultaneously an endearing portrait of food critic Jonathan Gold and a valentine to his home city , Los Angeles .
The really unforgivable thing about City of Gold : the dull , flat way in which the food is shown .
Gabbert 's film is part portrait , part city symphony . It celebrates Gold as a fixture of his native Los Angeles and L.A. as in thrall to its stalwart guide .
There 's an honesty in what Gold writes and the way he writes it , which is why his words have so much impact . The film has a similar impact to one of his reviews .
Toronto audiences may be too far removed to get much from Gold 's Pulitzer Prize-winning taco panegyrics , but the film still works as an examination of the role of the critic in the age of Yelp .
If you opt to see the film , and you should , I suggest you grab a bite before , or make plans to grab one right after , because this is certainly going to make you hungry .
It 's kinda fun going along with Gold while he makes his way to apparently nondescript malls to eat dishes from remote areas of China , Mexico and Korea . And he definitely does love his city .
It 's a documentary that is ostensibly a profile of a man , but is really about the vibrant city he inhabits , beyond the Hollywood sheen and the grit of Compton .
`` City of Gold '' is a love poem to the Los Angeles food scene and to the man who made it his mission ... to eat .
It 's a neat little bit of hagiography , dwelling fondly on his quirks , but that 's OK . For people who want to taste the world , Gold is a patron saint .
A colorful and loving tribute to the kinds of restaurants that food critics once ignored - and a few fancy places as well .
Why make a film about this lucky guy ? Gold is a philosopher and cultural critic as much as a gourmet .
As cultural archaeology , unearthing the relationship between food and a city , food and a critic , a city and a critic and a swirling stew of all the above , it 's fantastic .
While the film 's formula gets repetitive , little revelations peppered throughout keep it engaging .
City of Gold then comes off as something of a puff piece . But when snatches of his poetic reviews are read in voiceover , it 's clear that at least some of that puffery is well deserved .
Gold 's writing sparkles much like his namesake , and often reading it is as delicious as some of the dishes he samples . Gabbert 's new movie is a tasty morsel in and of itself .
City of Gold is n't quite as mouth-watering as other recent foodie documentaries such as The Search for General Tso or Deli Man , which may speak more to this writer 's own palate than anything else .
A pure and pleasant celebration of the man and his work , the latter of which achieves something approaching anthropological profundity by its humble , loving attention to culinary detail .
It 's a pleasing and informative ride-along with a subject whose passions have coincided with the truth .
It may only offer an illusion of understanding its subjects , but it suggests that Gabberts has full comprehension , which may also be an illusion but is good enough either way .
As Gabbert follows Gold from hot-dog stand to strip-mall restaurant to a meeting at Momofuku , what becomes clear is that she 's using him as a lens to expose the richness of American culture .
Gold 's decades of writing on LA 's food scene are as much a story of immigration and the American dream as they are tacos and curry - and they 'll make you very , very hungry .
City Of Gold takes something of a once-over-lightly approach to Gold 's life , sprinkling little bits of his biography throughout ...
Affably unpretentious but always grandly informed , Gold opines and divines his way across a complex city that he explores in unique and exemplary fashion . All critics should know their beat so well , and love it truly . Plus , tacos .
As a film , City of Gold is unfocused and lacks cohesive structure .
`` City of Gold '' offers no evidence of Gold ever penning a negative review . This is why it ultimately comes off more as a cinematic puff piece than a `` real '' documentary .
A tasty primer on the man , the eater , the critic and the city .
What it lacks in cohesion , City of Gold makes up for in its subject 's wit and wisdom .
In search of fresh culinary treasures , Gold travels the hidden corners of a too-familiar city and we get to fall in love with L.A. again .
The film is up to its subject , which is saying a lot . Why would you pass up an introduction to a food writer who is on the case as soon as a tweet alerts him to a promising new taco from a taco truck ?
Gold shows us that the real work of a writer happens far from the keyboard : mostly it involves being alive to the world around us . But there 's no reason to set out on an empty stomach .
`` City of Gold '' transcends its modest methods , largely because it connects Mr. Gold 's appealing personality with a passionate argument about the civic culture of Los Angeles and the place of food within it .
Simultaneously a vibrant , colorful love letter to the unsung parts of Los Angeles , a populist philosophy of food and culture , and a thesis on what criticism should be .
Gold is merely the conduit for the film 's real focus : Like his own reviews , City of Gold is a love letter to L.A. .
The film is an agreeable document of cultural processing that should especially appeal to the niche crowd at its center - it 's more or less mandatory viewing for L.A. foodies .
Gold 's enthusiasm is infectious , and the film never lacks energy , passion or humor .
Accessible and informative .
Filmmaker Laura Gabbert 's love letter to the Pulitzer-winning food critic , and the city of Los Angeles , is hyper-palatable yet unconvincing .
Less a documentary version of ` Babette 's Feast ' than an old-fashioned city symphony , and to a city often wholly misrepresented by the movies .
This doc is like a loving commentary on the value of immigrants , who have made Los Angeles not just the city of movies but of food as well .
The film affectively defends food critic Jonathan Gold 's assertion that it 's ultimately cooking that makes us human .
For some , City of Gold might just seem like an interesting and intimate distraction , but for others , it will appear as a powerful love letter to the art of discovery .
Getting a Pulitzer Prize for restaurant criticism must attract our attention , and Jonathan Gold 's enthusiasm coupled with his eye -LRB- and palate -RRB- for places off the beaten food critics track kinda explain the prize
A flavorsome documentary appreciation of the first Pulitzer-awarded food critic 's culturally adventuresome palate .

@highlight

Even for viewers who 've never read or heard of food critic Jonathan Gold , City of Gold offers a thoroughly entertaining introduction to a talented writer and brilliant career .