Capturing the stress and tension of the job detail , as well as the emotional toll on the officers , the line between audience and actor is blurred as the camera alternates between their perspective and that of the audience .
This is the thinking man 's action movie , a cop flick that takes us off the beaten track . Above all , though , it is a bromance .
This well-rendered if brutal portrait is a welcome counterweight to the seemingly endless stream of Hollywood paeans to corrupt cop-life in the USA .
Maddeningly episodic .
I 'm still wondering who we 're supposed to assume was holding the camera during Gyllenhaal and Anna Kendrick 's sex scene .
End of Watch plays a lot like Colors for the YouTube generation .
A visceral and strangely gripping story of police brotherhood .
This Jake Gyllenhaal buddy/cop drama features some of the best on-screen banter in years .
Deeply affecting , powerful film that 's a thrilling experience . Highly recommended .
It 's time to ride along with the LAPD through South Central , but this is no `` Adam 12 ″ . It 's a realistic roller-coaster ride told with hand-held cameras and other devices .
David Ayer 's End of Watch is an unflinching cop drama that uses the handheld approach to heighten the drama and escalate the tension .
What gives it life are the performances of Gyllenhaal and Peña . They emerge as beacons of friendship in a bleak world of barred windows , barking dogs and strutting gangsters .
Ayer and his cast appear to have so convincingly nailed the way these characters talk and act that you might not even notice the film slipping from workaday grit into out-and-out myth .
The actors , both excellent , get right into Ayer 's groove . So by the time we arrive at the unsparing climax , we really know and care about these guys .
Gyllenhaal and Pena are after a lived-in camaraderie and a street-level realism . Pena , especially , succeeds ; you buy him every second .
The performances here are so sharp that viewers may wish End of Watch has been shot by someone who knew how to find the right point of view for a scene and leave it there .
It leaves you wondering -- who is filming the Gyllenhaal/Anna Kendrick love scenes ?
Nicely balanced between savage violence and sweet human interactions , and it whips along at a brisk pace .
The street characters are played by a remarkable panoply of real-life types who speak in a thrilling , totally believable patois .
Planning on shooting your next movie handheld ? Hoping for that realism dividend ? Please read this first .
A strong sense of camaraderie sets this edgy police thriller apart from the crowd . And it 's also a change of direction for writer-director David Ayer , who has explored the dark side of police corruption in Training Day , Harsh Times and Street Kings .
Both actors are first rate , their friendship palpable , their professional conduct -LRB- tempered by practical joking and youthful bravado -RRB- convincing .
If I was a big-city American policeman watching this , I would also wonder just whose side Ayer is on . I 'd be more nervous about going to the work the next day . Not less .
Ayers 's warmest film to date finds meaning and depth in its `` I love you , man '' exchanges and rarely goes too long without staging some daring detective work and videogame ultraviolence .
One to watch , but through narrowed eyes .
Writer and director David Ayer has created a pair of real , untainted heroes - which makes this a rare cinematic treat you have to watch . End of .
The two leading performances are exemplary in their honesty and good-heartedness , with Gyllenhaal in particular showing why he 's a star .
Srong on character and atmosphere but weak on story and excitement .
Despite the violence and procedural detail , this is about as gritty as Dixon of Dock Green .
Some fiction movies knock politely on the door to gain attention , others kick it in .
Gripping , impressively shot cop thriller that comes across as the nice guy version of The Shield , thanks to a strong script and a pair of terrific performances from Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Pena .
Its spiky authenticity and blunt moral power feel unimpeachable .
visual vibrancy always trumps verisimilitude - shakicam 's reality effects are repeatedly problematised by the question of which character is filming what at any given time , especially when the answer , at least sometimes , would appear to be ` no one ' .
It 's David Ayer 's attempt to breath life into a heavily run-down formula . And it works .
There 's nothing very new or profound in End Of Watch , and yet that does n't mean there 's nothing to see .
It 's a collection of cop-movie clichés but presented with sufficient flair and strong performances that the ride is enough , even if it 's on rails .
The film has a kinetic energy that will please its target audience ; but it ultimately says nothing , and says it all too loud .
End of Watch is elevated on the shoulders of its leads and their harsh reality ; until the filmmakers drop it on its head and reduce it to a frustrating ` Hollywood ' cop film .
End of Watch 's found footage pretensions tend to materialise when it has too few ideas .
... one of 2012 's best action films .
A solid action-drama that takes us inside the world of two likeable police officers and highlights the risks they face .
The movie 's central message seems to be that any bad guy who hurts a cop better pray that the person who catches up with them is n't another cop .
A terrifyingly real , surprisingly moving buddy-cop action-thriller that does n't let up . Informed and open , Gyllenhaal and Peña are both magnificent .
Tough , gritty , full of feeling and atmosphere , thanks to Ayer 's authentic touch and the excellent performances of its cast .
One patron at my screening reviewed the feature in the unique but still incisive manner of being sick all over himself ... End of Watch does the unthinkable and nearly inspires a tear or two . Tears are always preferable to vomit .
Forceful and arresting , Ayer 's follow-up to Harsh Times and Street Kings sees him confidently playing to his strengths .
A gut-wrenching LAPD drama
End of Watch is brimming with intensity and features two outstanding performances from Gyllenhaal and Pena .
... breathes new life into the conventions of the cop-buddy movie ...
Its impact becomes blunt and devastating , once Ayer allows us to forget the irritating found-footage device .
The lo-fi visuals energize what otherwise would be a traditionally romantic saga of police sacrifice , heroism and tragedy .
Not many character-oriented thrillers like this get made , however , so it 's nice to be able embrace the ones that do , if you can handle the eccentricities .
All it took was a director of David Ayer 's ingenuity to bring the oft-maligned found footage genre back into repute .
Five months in advance of shooting for the lead actors to learn , digest and own the words . Pays off bigtime !
End Of Watch makes for an absorbing film ; authentic , unpredictable and affecting . Exactly what you would expect from the writer of Training Day and Harsh Times ... just with added hidden cameras .
A typically gritty effort from David Ayer ...
Intermittently enjoyable but incredibly frustrating .
End of Watch may disappoint those used to more run-n-gun fun , rather than the grounded , `` verite '' style Ayer creates .
End of Watch avoids many of the conventions of other cop movies and goes its own way . But then it veers back to the easy , most conventional of modes . End of Watch is a moral tale that unfortunately misplaces its truth .
David Ayer 's tribute to the LAPD and all who work in it , a buddy movie driven by a crime-fighting hero worship ethos with genetic links all the way back to The Lone Ran
With its dizzying , jumpy camera work and constantly changing point of view , there is a dynamic sense of being there
A police drama with emphasis on the multicultural relationship between a Hispanic cop and his Caucasian partner . While they are culturally miles apart , they become brothers in blue .
Writer-director David Ayer drives home the existential displacement that must come with being a cop on a dangerous patrol .
Writer/director David Ayer is a filmmaker who clearly has an affinity to the lives of those who enforce the law .
End of Watch is like an episode of `` Cops '' where the cops are also the people who make `` Cops . '' That concept may not sound good , but it somehow did produce one of the most intense police dramas I 've ever seen .
Realism makes Watch one of the year 's best films .
Material similar to what has been seen in the TV series `` Southland '' but the acting of Gyllenhaal and Pena lifts it up .
There has n't been a whole lot of `` found footage '' worth finding in films made over the past several years , but writer-director David Ayer snaps that streak with this unexpectedly magnificent police drama .
A reasonably sturdy cop movie undone by terrible visuals .
A series of snapshots from the working life of two hot-dogging but fundamentally decent L.A. police officers ... lifts it above cop-movie clichés .
Jumpy and exciting .
Ayer 's bias shows an LAPD comprised of immature people straight out of Animal House who ca n't utter three words without two of them being the F word . That 's not the LAPD I know .
End of Watch earns a helluva lot of goodwill through the incredible chemistry of Gyllenhaal and Pena .
LAPD thriller set in the violent inner-city section of South Central .
The real thing to focus on here is the chemistry between Gylenhaal and Michael Pena ; it 's authentic . The action is god but it 's the scenes with them in the car that really help you understand them and their viewpoints .
We get emotionally attached to these guys and we 're rooting for them to take down this cartel . . or at least survive until the end of watch . Eh ? See what I did there ?
`` End of Watch '' is an impressive action drama and easily David Ayer 's most impressive film to date , but just loses its momentum in its final act to keep it from being really , really good .
The ingredients in -LSB- this -RSB- cop drama are as routine as a traffic stop . But director/writer David Ayer -LRB- who wrote the electric good-cop/bad-cop Training Day -RRB- makes it work .
A serviceable cop flick with two solid central performances . Two men riding around in a car is to David Ayer what hands-on-wheat is to Terrence Malick .
Some of the intense , ultraviolent vignettes on the rough streets of Los Angeles are more compelling than others , but by not having a consistent narrative thread , the film builds only intermittent suspense .
Told in an often startling documentary style , `` End of Watch '' is a gritty police drama that benefits from another in a string of outstanding performances by both Gyllenhaal and Pena .
a potentially powerful story about the lethal daily grind of patrolling South Central Los Angeles that is wrecked by misguided aesthetics
The milieu End of Watch introduces as `` Once upon a time in South Central '' may feel a bit old hat ...
At its core , End of Watch is a buddy cop movie between Gyllenhaal and Peña , who are each at their top of their game .
Ayers aims for the ADHD attention span of his Netflix streaming demo and constantly confuses the issue .
End of Watch is so inventive , and so anchored by two highly enjoyable performances , that it makes for one of the more singular , if not entirely successful , entries in a genre that often suffers from stale sameness .
Gyllenhaal and Pena have the sort of buddy-movie chemistry film directors can only dream of capturing .
Both actors are marvelous -- this may be the most nuanced and far-ranging performance Gyllenhaal has ever given -- and writer-director David Ayer is unapologetically frank about the dangers these men face .
I 'm not sure who appointed David Ayer poet laureate for the LAPD , but at least he takes the job seriously .
Intense , gripping , funny , and absolutely fantastic .
David Ayer 's End of Watch is an excellent film , a smart and authentic cop drama filled with visceral thrills and genuine pathos . It is one of the best of its kind , and I can not recommend it highly enough .
An intense , entertaining drama ... The movie 's best attribute is the strong chemistry between the two main characters .
Gyllenhaal and Peña work together like a well-oiled machine , as if they really had spent months or years in each other 's company . Their dialogue feels raw and spontaneous .
... a maddeningly entertaining piece of pulp fiction , a solid B-movie artfully distressed for the sort of middlebrow audience that might dismiss Dredd 3D as a cinematized first person shooter game . Which means that film critics like me will love it .
`` The major drawback is the handheld camera writer/director/producer David Ayer employs . But I suppose it 's a small price to pay for a well-scripted , sharply-acted portrayal of L.A. city cops . ''
'' `` End of Watch '' is often not easy to watch , but it will keep moviegoers glued to the screen -- guaranteed . ''
While Ayer explores the life of the `` nice guy '' gangster cop well , `` End of Watch '' ca n't shake being a good film inside trapped in an ugly wrapper .
There 's just something about the way that Ayer has put it all together that makes it seem both familiar yet sometimes breathtakingly fresh . -LRB- Full Content Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Gyllenhaal and Peña are on point from the first scene , playing off each other as if they 've been good friends for years .
For the most part End of Watch is about nothing , which is to say it 's about life . Specifically it 's a very real , sobering look at two people who happen to be cops .
End of Watch was a surprise . I liked it a lot .
End of Watch suffers from no end of sanctimony .
Ayer ... keeps wrecking the sense of realism he 's trying to build .
Gyllenhaal and the perpetually under-rated Pena have a wonderful way of bouncing off one another and Ayers is wise to make this the energy that drives the movie instead of mere violence .
Gyllenhaal and Pena have great chemistry together ... in their best performances to date .
A portrait of law enforcement under pressure that is as ennobling as it is gritty .
One of the best films of 2012 to date .
Well-written and well-acted , this cop drama is enlivened by the fraternal its relationships its two leads share .
Once one gets past the obvious artifice and lack of internal logic in the execution of the gimmick ... it lends some legitimate immediacy to the proceedings .
When `` End of Watch '' works , it compels with an immediacy few filmmakers can hope to achieve . It 's worth stepping over the occasional indiscretions to get to the good stuff .
A visceral story of beat cops that is rare in its sensitivity , rash in its violence and raw in its humor .
The best scenes are filmed inside the cruiser , dashboard shots that face inward instead of out , catching Gyllenhaal and Peña in moments so playful and true they make all other buddy cops look bogus by comparison .
Writer/director David Ayer gives us an authentic , sometimes shockingly gruesome ride along .
The shaky camera work -- often a gimmicky stylistic option -- is an effective choice here , both as a story element and a technique .
Ayer manages to give a startling sense of a changing of the LAPD guard as well as the forces they 're up against .
It 's the bang-bang that glues us . We 'll have to save the nuances for another time . Who needs moral ambiguity , anyway ?
It 's not a pretty job . But it 's a pretty awesome film .
` Adam-12 ' on steroids ... Much of Ayer 's picture has the feel of reality , but the last twenty minutes move into empty spectacle and heart-on-sleeve mawkishness .
A muscular , maddening exploitation movie embellished with art-house style and anchored by solid performances .
End of Watch is one thriller where the adrenaline rush , considerable as it is , is almost always put in the service of character . Happily , the character on display turns out to be considerable , too .
At times Ayer rubs our noses , almost literally , in the devastating horribleness of it all .
It goes beyond gritty and realistic violence into a zone where Hieronymus Bosch collides with Dante ...
The extreme juxtaposition of a large and loving Mexican family . . and the cold-blooded psychopathy of Mexican drug cartels spilling into L.A. 's South Central neighborhood ... really slams home the value of a life often treated cheaply .
Shallow down inside , `` End of Watch '' is a music-video Frappuccino of quick cuts , sparkling banter , serial crises , grisly violence and tongue-jerk profanity .
A lively , vivid piece of work .
There are 6 million cop shows on television right now . On none of them have I heard two men speak to each other with as much natural affinity as these two .
It 's strong stuff , and it 's outstanding .
Ayer brings a rough , aggressive energy to the picture , staying within the broad outlines of the buddy-cop formula but investing the characters with no-bull authenticity .
End of Watch gives you the savage whoosh of being on a job that can get you killed .
It 's a potent brew that demands to be gulped down , not sipped . Taking time to appreciate the effort will only reinforce its needless limitations .
It 's every cop movie you 've ever seen but from a fresh angle : You go into each situation without a clue about its outcome .
Hollywood has seldom delivered a buddy-cop picture with this much potency .
So completely does filmmaker David Ayer get you to invest in these characters that you 'll watch half the film with your hands over your face .
For those who can handle Ayer 's overuse of the shaky-cam approach on the big screen , End of Watch is satisfying and emotionally potent .
By virtue of its style and high stakes scenario , End of Watch is impressively tense , but then so are most episodes of COPS , which do n't suffer from the forced melodrama found here .
Gyllenhaal and Peña go beyond the cardboard cutouts that so many cop films these days seem made of , and cinematographer Roman Vasyanov makes the harsh California daylight seem like a bad vibe unto itself .
Nerve-rattling in the best way , the sharp , visceral urban police procedural End of Watch is one of the best American cop movies I 've seen in a long time .
It may seem like just another movie about the mean streets of South Central and the blue knights that keep the peace , but writer-director David Ayer focuses on the characters while slowly and subtly bringing the plot up from the background .
What saves this cop show from its predictable tropes and cliches are terrific performances by Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Pena , who 've got each other 's backs as actors and as `` brothers '' in law enforcement .
End of Watch is a repellent movie , first for its shaky-cam conceit rendering much of the action incomprehensible , and finally for seeking to entertain viewers through the thuggish execution of a police officer .
Your Action Fix . In lesser hands the video-verite could be annoying . But Ayer deftly incorporates it into the story .
Refreshingly resists adhering to an episodic encounter with a specific group ... It 's just two men protecting themselves and each other .
... like a Tony Scott film made with less flair and cheaper equipment .
The writer of `` Training Day '' and `` Harsh Times '' brings us ... a vivid series of impressionistic sketches of a year in the lives of two Los Angeles police officers .
More like a pilot for a TV series along the lines of Southland , an underrated series also about L.A. cops . Indeed , this film is open-ended enough to be exactly that .
Insightful and intense , emphasizing not only the importance of brotherhood and teamwork but also the cinematic chemistry between Gyllenhaal and Pena .
`` End of Watch '' feels new . Fresh . Immediate . Watching it , it 's almost as though you 're seeing a cop movie for the first time .
After so many films , not just Ayer 's , where LAPD cops are depicted as corrupt , homicidal or suicidal , it 's refreshing to see one where the boys in blue really are the good guys for a change .
`` End of Watch '' is one of the best police movies in recent years , a virtuoso fusion of performances and often startling action .
Gyllenhaal and Peña 's relationship , a sort of heterosexual love affair , is depicted with a sense of tenderness and care that does not extend to the cartoonish villains that dominate the film 's lackluster final act .
A fairly well-rounded film offering enough in terms of entertainment value to make up for any shortcomings .
As social insight , End of Watch is useless , but as engrossing entertainment , it 's irresistible , thanks to Ayer 's gift for dialogue , the relentless pacing set by film editor Dody Dorn , and gorgeous performances by Gyllenhaal and Peña ...
Writer and director David Ayer manages to overcome the shortcomings of the genre , many of which are present here , with great chemistry between his actors and sheer momentum .
David Ayer 's End of Watch is pure frat-boy fantasy , the video game to Southland 's great American novel .
From the brutal daily violence to the dramatic final act , `` End of Watch '' itself remains thrilling and uncompromising .
Winning enough to forgive some of its more egregious clichés , and exciting enough to ease up on its questionable found-footage logic .
Ayer clearly thinks he 's making a grittily realistic ode to the long arm of the law , yet only the more intimate scenes ring true .
Howls ... with a messy , human authenticity that transcends genre tropes to smack you in the face with beseeching truths about the contradictions of police work .
End of Watch may not pass muster as a documentary but the actors more than sell the partners as brothers in arms .
Uneven but entertaining .
Unforgettable pair Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Peña give Oscar-caliber performances
This is a film propelled by the strength of its characters and how they relate to each other and their world . You ca n't help but care for them because the movie is so full of heart .
`` End of Watch '' is a gritty brief apologia from writer-director David Ayer for his less than complimentary Los Angeles copsploitation films `` Training Day '' and `` Harsh Times . ''
Macho swagger is justified by some adrenaline-producing encounters in cops vs. cartels drama .
Gyllenhall and Peña have chemistry together and charisma individually .
Like a knife in the eye , End of Watch cuts past the cliches of standard police procedurals , serving instead as a visceral ride-along with two thrill-seeking cops .
The focus on incidental drama makes the basic police procedure thrilling .
This character drama succeeds largely thanks to Gyllenhaal and Pena 's camaraderie as partners who are able to mock each other 's cultural differences but still be as close as brothers .
Revel in the pace and passion of a film-maker policing a field that is now unquestionably his .
Ayer 's new film is not as riveting as Training Day , but it 's well acted and dynamically directed , adding another honorable panel to the genre of the gritty , visceral urban policier .
Compared to an average episode of ` Criminal Minds , ' it 's pretty good .
A suspenseful , intense , and surprisingly touching ode to America 's inner-city peacekeepers .
As a police drama and especially as a multi-cultural buddy movie , ` End of Watch ' makes for exciting fare .

@highlight

End of Watch has the energy , devotion to characters , and charismatic performances to overcome the familiar pitfalls of its genre and handheld format .