Anyone who enjoys seeing the process behind creating a beautiful object and a peek into a rarified world should find Dior and I a good fit .
It celebrates Simons ' vision , but , more interestingly , also reveals to viewers the busy , hierarchical world of the atelier , where dozens of highly skilled craftspeople , headed by a workshop première , labour for long hours on a collection .
Dior and I seems like the movie equivalent of one of those glossy multipage ad spreads that thicken up your favorite perfume-scented magazines - or , at best , an extended and extremely haute episode of Project Runway .
A film that will timidly approaches the people who are part of the `` soul of Dior '' workshop . The team effort that marked a before and after for the firm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film in an almost journalistic documentary format or reality show and also , almost , a dedication of love . But here , the object of that love is much nobler than we could imagine at first . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that gives a look to the creative process and the roots of a fashion icon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The camera follows models and Simons and we do get an inside look into what makes a fashion house stay on top .
It makes for a surprisingly grounded and realistic look at life at House of Dior .
This behind-the-scenes documentary ... has at least proven its worth in capturing a pivotal moment in the Paris fashion house 's legacy .
The film 's valuable and rare glimpse into the inner workings of a luxury fashion label is something only a small niche of true style nerds will appreciate .
The result is a very human portrayal of an exotic industry and an honest portrait of an accomplished man confronting serious stress with the help of a dedicated team .
Those who got their introduction to fashion design through `` Project Runway '' are probably in for a huge surprise .
this Mission : Impossible aspect ... provides ... a sense of palpable tension , and which might make it palatable for viewers who give not a whit for haute couture .
Prêt-à-porter-trained Simons struggles to express himself in an environment of hand-stitched glamour , and the film becomes a cross-generational dialogue about artistic authorship .
`` Dior & I '' is just good drama , quite moving and suspenseful as it shows talented and creative people pushing themselves to the edge . No matter how nice our clothes are , we 're all human underneath .
As Tcheng gets his cameras into the day-to-day operations of the Dior atelier , the movie becomes a portrait of the process - the hierarchies and traditions that turn ideas into wearable art .
It 's basically a glossier episode of `` Project Runway '' sans the laughs and colorful characters .
Simons is a fascinating central figure , even if the straightforward approach seems determined not to ruffle any feathers .
J'adore `` Dior and I. ''
If only `` Dior and I '' told us why we should care .
All that effort just to make a dress still seems a bit silly , but the passion and integrity of those involved are hard not to take seriously .
A piece of Dior haute couture to hang in the closet is probably not in most of our futures , but this enthralling documentary allows viewers to finger the hem , so to speak , of some grand designs indeed .
Fascinating , suspenseful , illuminating , and ultimately moving .
From creating photo files rather than sketching dresses , to fitting them on lithe human pipe cleaners who march them across the catwalk , the film is a serious look at a business containing surprising amounts of tension .
The movie , not to mention the company , deserves praise for showing the challenges as well as the triumphs ; `` Dior and I '' does n't shy away from conflicts when they arise . This is n't marketing material . It 's a real look at a fascinating line of work .
This undramatic and flat peek `` inside '' the sewing rooms of Christian Dior holds little in the way of entertainment .
Perhaps `` Dior and I '' is n't profound work , but the opportunity to study the creative process in a place of incredible history is rare , making the documentary a must-see for fashion admirers .
Viewers become so involved in their proficient , collaborative activity that the catwalk spectacle is almost dull in comparison .
We get to know the people - mostly women , but a few men - whose hands create these intricate , beautiful garments .
Tcheng finds Simons in moments of haughty self-confidence and tremulous self-doubt .
A few gauzy montages of black-and-white archival footage glorify the fashion house 's founder and namesake , providing a welcome interruption to all the self-serving confessionals and stage-managed conflicts .
-LSB- It -RSB- adds up to something that wo n't have much appeal beyond the fashionista crowd . And even they probably would prefer browsing through one of the designer 's catalogs than sitting through this glossy bore .
The documentary offers a privileged behind-the-scenes look at the workings of a business . It 's also about the difficulties of the creative process , the running of an organization , and the adjustments that must be made when a new boss is in town .
This exceptional -LSB- cross cutting -RSB- structure allows the past to continue informing the present , reaching a climax after lights out in the ateliers , Tcheng projecting old Dior imagery over the white toiles that are the blueprints of Simons ' first collection .
Much more than a documentary about a fashion house , this film finds real resonance in its central characters
We get no sense that Simons is invested in the work , or concerned about what 's at stake for his personal reputation , or has any insight into what he does with his time to balance what presumably are many other responsibilities and pressures .
If the ungodly star-driven media frenzy that surrounds the spring collections of the great Paris houses like Christian Dior is the public face of designer fashion , `` Dior and I '' shows us that what goes on behind the scenes is even more intriguing .
One does come away with a grudging admiration for the toil and ingenuity of the many players who bring it all together .
Tcheng manages to excite and move while painting a complete portrait of an artist challenged by his new post 's unprecedented legacy .
The drama of getting new dresses on the runway turns out to be transfixing , while the hero redefines the notion of intense .
Dior and I expertly observes all aspects of Simons ' stressful transition , especially in the minutiae of being both an artist and a manager .
Though the film is unquestionably a flattering portrait of Simons , it is also more broadly , and more fruitfully , a testament to a tradition and to those who have upheld it for decades .
`` Dior and I '' intimately demonstrates the tricky balance between art and commerce , between perpetuating a mythology while attending to the bottom line , and doing it with the pressure of a ticking clock .
The heart of Dior and I is with these seamstresses and cutters , artists in their own right .
As shallow as the world it depicts with much-precedented ` unprecedented access . '
Access to an institution like the house of Dior is a rare and precious thing , and Mr. Tcheng has paid for it with a flattering portrait dressed up to look like cleareyed scrutiny .
Tcheng gets under Simons ' skin - we see the designer 's methods of work , insecurities , vulnerabilities and his ability to cut through the noise .
For all the seductive imagery of billowing apparel and impossibly angled high heels , Tcheng never loses sight of the people overseeing every stitch .
Diverting but disappointingly hollow fashion film .
For all its grand statements about artistry and identity , it 's most effective as a study of the hard work , both physical and emotional , that goes into creating something new .
Dior and I is a great fashion movie , but it 's also a superb picture about the art of management , applicable to any field .
Dull and undramatic
The venerable Parisian couture house Christian Dior gets a makeover in Dior And I , which follows a new design director 's rough journey to the runway .
Frédéric Tcheng 's fascinating documentary looks at the attempts by the Belgian fashion designer Raf Simons to revitalise Christian Dior with his first haute-couture collection .
The most interesting element about the documentary Dior and I. . . is the insight we get into the process and the skilled artists in the atelier that elevates this above the standard fashion hagiography .
Though nicely made , Dior and I is every bit as escapist as the last Star Trek movie .
A completely fascinating peek inside a legendary fashion house where the demands of business and art clash in interesting ways .
Of special interest to a limited audience , this backstage look at fashion design at the house of Christian Dior will tell you what you always wanted to know about the most elite segment of the rag trade .
It is absurd , but mesmeric .
Frederic Tcheng 's Dior and I is a fashion doc with both a sense of history and a feel for the energy of a work in progress .
Pleasant but slight .
As carefully crafted as the clothes is Tcheng 's well-considered direction , privileging the creative process over stereotyped glamour or backstabbing -LRB- this is no Ready to Wear -RRB- .
More compelling when focusing on long-serving staff and their skills and opinions .
Whether or not you care about fashion , it 's an absolute must-see .
Simons is intriguing , but the warmth and charm of the seamstresses carry the film .
Fashion fans will love this fly-on-the-wall doc .
A film that favours a subtle portrait of the demands of the creative process over scandal-sniffing or melodrama .
Dior and I blends cinema into fashion rather than simply filming the making of expensive clothes .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's an accomplished documentary that probably deserves more attention than just from the very niche audience it will find from film-fancy fashionistas .
... Dior And I succeeds in bringing this exclusive world down to earth , knitting the viewer with its needles and threads and making a highly relatable story , no matter where you come from or how you feel about fashion .
It proves an increasingly superficial affair , especially given that the director 's attempts at suspense are largely facile and Raf Simons 's creative process is barely investigated .

@highlight

Dior and I will obviously appeal to fashion fans , but this beautifully tailored documentary may draw in even the least sartorially inclined .