Sucker Punch offers a perfect portrait of storytelling gone wrong . Even the movie 's attempt to comment on the problems of storytelling goes wrong .
... just plain bad .
This is unfiltered Snyder and either you love him or you hate him . This film does n't allow half meassures . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Sucker Punch is an example of what happens when creativity derails . It 's a sensory overload of utter garbage on every level possible .
Wait , they 're letting this guy remake `` Superman '' ?
Snyder was aiming for more than an action-packed popcorn flick -- making it hard to ignore that the filmmaker , much like Babydoll , temporarily lost his footing in reality .
If it was n't executed with such panache it would probably qualify as one of the dumbest movies of 2011 .
While the visuals are quite impressive and go a long way towards helping the film , it 's just not enough to recommend that you take the time to see `` Sucker Punch . ''
An ambitious yet flawed effort , but one executed with undoubted style and verve .
Gun-toting hotties combat assorted villains and their robot henchmen in this tawdry , repellent action fantasy .
an optical feast
Had Zack Snyder left no idea undeveloped , he might have had a better film , but underdevelopment appears to have been his motto .
What a beautiful-looking mess .
Just how was this staggeringly poor script given the green light ?
Snyder likes to think that his Russian nesting doll of a concept is enough to excuse its hollow center .
It 's ridiculous and often incoherent , but also oddly fun in the sheer overkill of pulp and fantasy imagery .
The movie probably has more going on in it for less purpose than any film you can name .
Sadistic and shallow , exploitative and misogynistic , these are the descriptions that ` Sucker Punch ' seems not to be so much offended by as revel in .
It 's layers upon layers upon layers of not story , but ... what 's the word ? Oh right . Production design .
It 's close to what Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez were after with their Grind House double-header , but shot through with Snyder 's own psychotropic brio -LRB- which is something like the unholy union of David Lynch , Brian De Palma , and Ken Russell -RRB- .
Its multiple reality constructions are far more tingling than Inception 's wannabe mind **** .
The film is a visual feast -LRB- and moves slow enough for you to look at it quite a bit -RRB- , but the story is a straight-up dramatic famine .
A spectacular flop of fancy , mind-blowingly empty . Muddles along as if Nintendo fused Cabaret and A Streetcar Named Desire for people who play Call of Duty . Snyder 's carved out a pointless new subgenre -- call it video-game camp .
Breathtakingly incompetent .
The story 's true `` sucker punch '' is the way it lures its audience in with the promise of simple eye candy but then hits you in the guts with something deeper and more complex .
Yep . That 's exactly what audiences will feel after they 've plopped down their hard-earned dollars for this mess of a movie .
Heaven help us if we 're ever supposed to feel guilty about watching hot chicks kick ass with guns ablazin ' , especially if the spectacle involves fire-breathing dragons .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The movie spins out of control , until it collapses in a heap , senseless .
Consider yourself punched , sucker .
Thanks for nothing Zack Snyder .
The concept is intriguing but the execution is fatiguing : The CG action set pieces are so weightlessly unreal and devoid of suspense , they 're boring .
This artless and soulless film is one of the most depressing things made in the past decade .
A typically overblown Zack Snyder effort ...
Sucker Punch is what you 'd get if you mixed Mulholland Drive , Showgirls and Tomb Raider and then turned it into a music video .
-LRB- Snyder 's -RRB- heroines declare , ` Dress us to satisfy your fetishistic whims - baby doll , sailor , geisha , stripper - but in doing so you free our fantasy world , too , in all its potency . '
Sucker Punch an empty visual exercise .
It will be played as a double feature with Richard Kelly 's Southland Tales for years to come , with audience members chirpily reciting the campy , cheesy , oddball lines of dialogue , and whooping in glee at its reckless abandon .
A visually arresting , occasionally funny ride .
To the degree that Baby Doll and her pals are forced into becoming fetish objects , Sucker Punch contains its own critique -- though Joss Whedon 's fascinating TV series Dollhouse explored similar themes with far more wit and skill .
There is so much front to this that traditional depths of character development and motivation are sidelined , but this is intentional , allowing the audience to immerse in the layers of dreams and later piece together what actually happened .
An often boring , frequently confusing and always stupid mish-mash of clichés and CGI excess and all in Snyder 's trademark exacerbating slow motion .
Manages to be ugly , stupid , offensive , depressing , sexist and boring in equal measures .
Unfortunately , however , the film mainly shows that if you give a filmmaker the world , he often wo n't have the necessary skills to navigate it .
There 's no recent example of an action/adventure/thriller that came along noisily trumpeting its shiny features any louder than this one is doing with so little to show for it .
A work of singular awfulness ...
The baleful influence of David Lynch , kung-fu pictures and Shutter Island lie behind its rancid lucubrations .
... as dull as watching somebody else play an incoherent video game ...
Tacking on a bunch of pretentious voice-over nonsense about angels and self-realization does n't get Snyder off the hook for a movie that does n't realize how wrongheaded , humorless and offensive it really is .
We get the feeling that Snyder has made all the music videos he has ever wanted to and edited them end to end to put them into this film
Unnerving dark themes meshed with kick-ass fantasy are couched in stunning visuals and a hell-on-wheels music soundtrack in this thrilling no holds barred action mash-up from director Zach Snyder
Imaginary girl posse empowerment , or male fantasy sexualized violence ? Entailing female fighter fashion statement armor comprising stilettos , fishnet , overflowing bosomy bustiers and big hair .
Adrenalin-rush junkies should love this movie . As a stylized lobotomy , the mind-bending Sucker Punch packs a wallop .
It would n't be quite accurate to call Sucker Punch the ultimate fan-boy film , but it 's a designation that nevertheless offers a near-perfect fit .
Sucker Punch is superficial and erotic visual stimulation , much like the kind of experience some might have when they immerse themselves in a video game to do battle with the enemy .
A creatively bankrupt succession of fetishy bromides -- steampunk , Asimov , medieval times , and -LRB- personal fave ! -RRB- a woman in a sailor suit , sucking on a lollipop and calling it feminism 'cause she carries a gun , too .
The lights are on , but nobody 's home .
I do n't doubt that Mr Snyder is possessed of an imagination ; it 's just that what he imagines is hackneyed , meretricious and boring .
This is a pretty awful botch-up , meaning far less than it seems to think .
Snyder and co-writer Steve Shibuya present fire-breathing dragons , samurais and zombie soldiers , but they also starve our brains with a flimsy , nonsensical tale of reality versus fantasy .
Snyder 's film is a warped mash-up of different genres - Gothic nightmare , psycho horror , steam-punk , Japanese manga , video game . File , though , under Guilty Pleasure .
A great movie if you are a psychotic fan of Emily Browning 's bellybutton .
It plays like a never-ending nonsensical pop video .
It seems to have been made for 15-year-old boys by a sad middle-aged man whose only experience of life is from violent comics , shoot - 'em - up video games and online pornography .
The director of 300 and Watchmen has plenty of visual panache , but when it comes to storytelling , he 's a bombastic hack .
A comic book cabaret that not even a 30 year old fanboy , living in his mother 's basement , could love .
Have we already found the worst film of the year ?
If you thought Zack Snyder 's previous films , among them 300 and Watchmen , were over the top - cliché-embracing , muscle-bound pseudo-triumphs of digital effects over storytelling - they have nothing on Sucker Punch .
Perhaps the female slant of the fantasy stew is what pushed me over the genre edge to appreciate this overwrought , yet controlled , CGI madhouse .
There are so many layers of fantasy in this eye-catching film that we never see any real humanity .
Manages to be simultaneously incoherent , woefully misguided and downright insulting .
Snyder employs the arresting visuals of his earlier films , but at the expense of a coherent narrative ...
It 's kinda like a poor-man 's Inception , with much more cleavage and plot holes .
Once again , -LSB- Snyder 's -RSB- storytelling skills leave a lot to be desired with the script for this `` fantasy epic '' reeling between cliché and gibberish .
It 's hard to imagine anyone other than Snyder himself being completely entertained by a stunningly personal film that ends up seeming like a laundry list of fanboyish obsessions and fetishes .
Sucker Punch is a movie overpowered by imagination , practically daring viewers to bail out of theaters at every turn . A few Friday matinee patrons did just that , and I have n't felt so envious of anyone in a long time .
It 's like an art-house jumble sale filtered through the sensibility of an adolescent video game junkie with a taste for lingerie catalogs .
Proves that while masturbating over your cast may not make you blind , it can impair directorial vision .
Snyder pulverises our senses with derivative digital images and obvious musical choices . But his failure to delineate the levels of ` reality ' is confusing and self-defeating .
It 's a lip-smacking piece of action burlesque , pulling one surprise after another from its splendidly filled fishnets . Like any good sucker punch , you do n't see it coming .
One of the most messed up , confusing movies I have ever struggled through .
Every character is a throwaway part in this story . Since there is n't any substantial attempt the lay the groundwork for emotional investment in any of these characters , it is a pretty empty film .
... Snyder 's effort to be creative works against his narrative and distracts from his female empowerment storyline to become the very thing the story claims that it is n't ...
The hypocrisy of Sucker Punch is that it portends to supplant traditional objectified-female eroticism with violence , but all it does is turn said violence into another form of fetishized display for its largely male audience
Imagine the mind of a guy who has spent a good 20 years reading manga & watching anime & fantasy & sci-fi ... and imagine that guy 's id . That 's pretty much what the film is .
Filmmaker Zack Snyder fails to give the narrative the grounded coherence required of a work that indulges in dreamscapes and complex imagined worlds .
Zack Snyder only forgot two things -- make us care , and slightly explain yourself .
Snyder 's accomplishment is to drain that of any erotic heat ; he generated a lot more with the glistening-with-sweat abs in 300 than he manages here .
Surely it 's not the worst movie of 2011 , but it 's definitely not the slam dunk for Zack Snyder that he 'd originally promised .
It 's not often you see a film that makes you think , ` I wish I was watching Yogi Bear again . '
Bar some decent choreography and effects in the trenches sequence , the fantasies are tedious and overall it 's overblown and shallow .
How can we take action cinema , or babes-with-guns flicks , remotely seriously -LRB- if we ever could -RRB- after Sucker Punch ? Snyder has created a monument to entertainment that he loves but , presumably , hates himself for loving .
Ambitious and visually impressive as a pop-video mash-up , but , lacking a strong emotional core , it does n't quite cohere as a fully satisfying movie .
Sucker Punch is Snyder 's first original screenplay , and though it confirms he 's among the most exciting action directors working today , it also reveals that storytelling is n't his strong suit .
You know how they say that movies are based on a comic book or based on a video game or whatever . This one aint even based on a story like theres not even a story in the movie its based on nothin ...
It delivers on everything it promises , but it does n't promise much .
Hardcore eroticism . The only word that came to my mind watching the dazzling CGI Sucker Punch was misandry -LRB- the hatred of men or boys -RRB- - by the writers !
... this tricked up female empowerment tale undercuts itself with its fetishized slutty schoolgirls and its repetitious steampunk anime aesthetic .
Looks a lot like either a very stupid person has tried to make a very clever film , or a very clever person has tried to make a very stupid one .
This movie is n't bad in the way some incompetently made movies are bad ; this is bad because there 's much skill evident in a pointless endeavor .
The sucker punch is to our retinas , eardrums , and tiny , tender brain cells .
Eye candy is all very well as far as it goes , but it ca n't sustain a movie on its own .
So bad that when the film 's friendly lobotomist shows up to do his thing , I almost found myself standing up in my seat and shouting `` I 'll have what she 's having ! ''
I hope Snyder had fun , because it might be a few decades before he gets another shot .
This is n't the imagination of a young girl ; it 's the fantasy of a 14-year-old boy steeped in kung fu , Call of Duty and online porn .
Like a spastic wet dream , Snyder regurgitates fanboy fetishes to illustrate Baby Doll 's reveries - without wit , innovation or subtext .
Zack Snyder 's Sucker Punch should send shivers down the spines of Superman fans .
Full of noise and scantily clad women , `` Sucker Punch '' is the film equivalent of the breath mint known as Certs . That 's right , it 's three ... three ... three films in one . Or better put , it 's `` 300 '' meets `` Moulin Rouge '' on `` Shutter Island . ''
-LSB- Zack Snyder -RSB- lacks the ability to create believable characters or elicit good performances from his ensemble cast . It is not because of the very attractive young cast , though , but because of the lackluster characters they are given .
It becomes repetitive when we know nothing about any of the women and when the battles drag on well after they 've made their meager points .
A series of extravagant computer-generated adventure scenarios linked by grim mental hospital plot , Sucker Punch represents a particularly ambitious exercise in tedium .
Director Zack Snyder and his production crew clearly had great fun envisioning this swords-and-corsets fantasy . Few others are likely to approach their level of enjoyment .
In theory , the resulting elixir should satisfy the fantasies of most heterosexual teenage boys and many men . In practice , however , this noxious concoction can barely be gagged down .
The suckers here are the poor mugs who leave their dollars at the door . And for what ? A seedy , desaturated , overstimulated simulation of a real movie . Schlock treatment for comatose gamers , and a bomb with a bright pink cherry on top .
The movie is like an arrested adolescent 's Google search run amok .
While visually stylish and entertaining , Sucker Punch is n't quite the watershed moment fans of tough broads wielding fists of fury hoped for ; instead it might be the priciest bit of softcore porn for otaku and gamers ever produced .
Like watching someone channel-surf through five video game boss battles at the same time .
Spectacular imagery without a sensible and engaging story is n't a film , it 's a mere spectacle .
A series of self-consciously `` awesome '' moments that do n't add up to anything .
For a film that sets out to show the power of women , it too often reinforces stereotypes instead of breaking free of them .
A sucker punch is a cheap distraction for someone to gain the edge to knock the opponent senseless . That sums this up : What looks good initially will ultimately leave you flat .
All you need to know is that Sucker Punch is awful , probably on my shortlist of the worst motion pictures that I have ever seen . That 's it , nothing more ; as far as I 'm concerned it 's more then enough .
A picture that makes passionate love to your eyeballs while leaving your heart untouched .
Map ! Fire ! Knife ! Key ! -LRB- Well , eat drink man woman to you too , honey . -RRB-
The best way for Babydoll et al. to exact revenge on these sadists is by blowing up a bunch of robots while running around half-naked ? Was Betty Friedan a script consultant ?
If the goal was sensory overload and audience stupefaction , he has succeeded indeed . Snyder apparently is offering lobotomies to all . Step right up .
Director Zach Snyder recreated the look and feel of ancient Thermopylae , as pictured by visionary artist/writer Frank Miller , in 300 without ever leaving a soundstage , using ...
` Sucker Punch ' is a film filled with emptiness and a hodgepodge of other films , it 's like watching an unofficial sequel to ` Showgirls ' with some ` Kill Bill ' and ` Battle LA ' thrown into the mix . Avoid at all costs .
An epic action fantasy with scantily-clothed young women as warriors bringing mayhem to zombies and dragons .
Pretentious , tedious , dumb , pointless and , worst of all , boring . Avoid it like the plague , and go watch Kill Bill or Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon again instead .
So thoroughly labored , and panders so relentlessly to adolescent attitudes and fantasies , and is so thoroughly and stridently humorless , that it kind of sucks out your soul while you 're watching it .
Impressive effects , but mixed messages about women .
Oh , what an endless , punishing , unholy mess this film is . I would have preferred a foreign language without subtitles to the dialogue in `` Sucker Punch . ''
For pure filmmaking - characters taking up half the foreground in close-up while events unfold behind them , action speeding up or stopping on command , a soundtrack of classic rock remixed or redone into droning trances - it 's remarkable .
A surprisingly joyless mash-up of every bit of fanboy flotsam floating around in its maker 's cranium .
It 's bloody but without menstrual awareness ; just as its musical pretext neglects to express genuine feminine trauma or yearning .
Sucker Punch rocks and rolls at blitzkrieg speed . It 's what passes for plot that brings writer/director Zack Snyder 's express to a screeching halt . This one barely passes .
An inadvertent piece of drooling misogyny cloaked in Xbox trappings .
Dour and pretentious to the point of pain .
For about an hour , Sucker Punch nearly made me a convert .
This is a movie with the logic of a video game , with all that implies .
Dispiritng dreck .
Looks are n't everything . Case in point : Sucker Punch , a dazzling visual design that goes tone-deaf every time it opens its dumb mouth or makes claims to profundity .
An indecipherable , hypocritical mess that proves you can fill a movie with scantily-clad women with big guns and it can still bore one to tears .
The movie adopts an imaginary-world-inside-an-imaginary-world framework that will have audiences instantly recollecting Inception 's dream-within-a-dream . Now all we need is for Leonardo DiCaprio to infiltrate Snyder 's dream world and plant a better movie .
`` 300 '' director Zack Snyder may be an expert in fetishistic CGI cartoon violence , but `` Sucker Punch '' proves that style never trumps story .
... kitsch slathered on top of kitsch , overindulgent in ways that makes the design of ` Burlesque ' look positively tasteful .
The problem is when everything is awesome , nothing is .
What an abysmal , pointless film . Its ability to collect gorgeous actresses is its one and only defensible quality .
Ask yourself : Should Alice in Wonderland have had steampunk Nazi zombies and leather chaps ? Would One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest have been better if Nurse Ratched was Polish and played by Cher -LRB- specifically the Cher from Burlesque -RRB- ?
Watching ` Sucker Punch ' is like channel-surfing when there 's nothing on .
This almost laughable mock-adventure should give Warner Bros at least one good weekend before receipts take a nosedive and audiences discover they are the ones being sucker-punched .
A declamatory , utterly soulless piece of recombinant entertainment , Zack Snyder 's female-revenge fantasy is a miasma of glossy superficiality most characterized by a gaping emotional void where any sense of engagement or rooting interest should be .
If you like scantily clad women kicking booty in slow motion , this is the movie for you . Not much else is going on .
`` Sucker Punch '' is what happens when a studio gives carte blanche to a filmmaker who has absolutely nothing original or even coherent to say .
How could a movie with giant samurai , interplanetary robots , undead WWI soldiers , dragons and 5 half-naked beauties be bad ? Well , funny you asked .
Zombie soldiers , dragons , cyborgs , does n't matter : Snyder is just a big boy with lots of toys . These , unfortunately , include his actresses .
Parece apostar na força de suas imagens em detrimento da história , dos temas ou mesmo do puro entretenimento , criando um longa indiscutivelmente belo , mas inegavelmente vazio .
Let me put it this way : having seen Sucker Punch once , I 'd rather watch Bitch Slap 10 times in a row .
It 's so bad that the Director 's Guild should revoke Snyder 's membership and he should never be allowed to direct again .
Yeah , it feels like a video game . Unfortunately , the video game it feels like is Pong .
My personal rule of film enjoyment goes a little like this : you can be miserable or pointless , but you ca n't be both . Sucker Punch works hard to be both .
An aggressively empty exercise in excess .
As it stands now , the film 's idea of treatment is telling rape victims in the moment to go to their happy place and all will be fine . If nothing else , Sucker Punch brings a whole new perspective to what is actually going on inside the head of lapdancers .
Fundamentally misconceived , devoting the bulk of its screen time to some of the hollowest spectacle in movie history .
A meretricious , nonsensical , CGI-heavy fiasco , tedious enough to become a chore and so empty it 's likely to weave a glaze over most audiences ' eyes .
Sucker Punch is One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest on acid , a glorious disaster , a mind-bogglingly messy , perversely gorgeous piece of hyperstylized filmmaking that chills the blood one moment and thrills it the next .
I ca n't be sure whether it 's brilliant or idiotic , although I 'm pretty confident it 's both , and not always in different places or at different moments .
You 've never seen a movie like Sucker Punch . And depending on your entertainment preferences , you may not want to .
If you had to explain Sucker Punch to someone-and I 'd wish you luck in doing so-you might say it 's sort of like Charlie 's Angels , but with Nazi zombies , airplane-eating dragons , and whole cities in flame .
In the end , Snyder confuses going ugly for getting serious , and he destroys his movie completely .
Sseems to be trying for the most expensive art film ever , but the story -- about girls in a mental institution who detach from reality -- often sidetracks in favor of cool visuals that do n't necessarily make sense .
Who is that sucker punch aimed at ? It might be us . But so what ? I 'm glad I did n't duck it .
Wild , loud , fetishistically stylized , and ... numbingly dull .
Sucker Punch reviews itself with its title -- in fact , it does leave the viewer feeling sucker-punched .
Sucker Punch is not one of the worst movies of the year , it 's three of the worst slapped together on a single reel .
There is nothing here to enjoy , beyond the tiny satisfaction in noting that the movie lives up to its name .
All that 's missing is the excitement .
-LSB- The -RSB- mash-up set pieces blend into so-awesome-they 're - awful slo-mo monotony , and the awful sisterhood stuff in between makes you anticipate the action as though waiting for the bus .
-LSB- A -RSB- cacophonous , half-digested mass of pop-culture influences .
Zack Snyder 's storytelling skills remain in question in his latest CGI spectacular .
a movie that does n't need an audience -- just a box of tissues and some lotion . That anxiety you get is the dawning realization that the movie kind of wants to be by itself .
where Snyder failed was in using too much to do too little , even though he had the right balance between the two in his grasp the whole time .
The movie is a head trip of the most awesome kind -- one I ca n't wait to take again .
It 's a film made with serious purpose and serious skill but so utterly , irredeemably geeked out on itself that you simply can not take it seriously - not if you want to get the most out of it .
It provides sporadic seconds of splendid eye candy separated by minutes of muddled exposition and flat acting .
Zach Snyder has attended the Michael Bay school of filmmaking and graduated the top of the class .
I think Zack Snyder just thought of the craziest things he wanted to see in a movie , so he did it . That 's what artists should do . Now it turns out to be some metaphorical fantasy and that 's cool too .
More like an adolescent fanboy 's wet dream come to life than a film .
Long on eye-catching images but lacking much in the way of plot , characterizations or a sense of humor , Sucker Punch initially intrigues only to settle into noisy tedium .
`` Close your eyes . Open your mind . You will be unprepared , '' is the movie 's ad slogan . Indeed . You will be unprepared for a film packing this much confusing crud into a little less than two hours ...
It may be a case of style over substance , but what a brilliant bit of technique it truly is .
A wonderfully wild provocation - an imperfect , overlong , intemperate and utterly absorbing romp through the id that I would n't have missed for the world .
Hands-down the most nightmarishly awful film of the year .
With all of his green-screen , CGI , treated-image technology , all Snyder does here is transport the audience into the middle of a pretty lame video game .
Its awkwardly embedded message of female empowerment fails to overcome the fact that it is ultimately a big , dumb , loud genre mashup coming soon to a `` man cave '' near you .
Snyder has described it as `` Alice In Wonderland with machine guns , '' but it 's more like The Pussycat Dolls Present Steampunk Kill Bill , only more assaultive and pandering than that description suggests .
Like his porcelain heroine , anyone who willingly spends $ 13 for a ticket to this smut is willfully lobotomizing themselves .
I think Snyder the writer may have let down Snyder the director in ways that make the film a grand fascinating almost , a near-miss , an ambitious just-this-close .
Snyder 's craziest ride yet and his most ambitious film to date ... the action ultimately wins out over the actual story .
The action in the film is thrilling and next level , the design of the world is incredible and gorgeous and the themes are deep , dark and haunting ; an incredibly flawed piece of ambitious art that dazzles and excites .
It all amounts to an epic `` so what ? , '' and does n't make the viewer feel much of anything except bewildered by its single-minded devotion to be the `` coolest '' movie ever .
Snyder 's made something authentically confused and moderately offensive , apparently eager to place this dodgy film at the feet of young girls in search of heroes -- his own glossy brand of marketable rebellion .
One feels for the talented actors swept into such hokum .
A confounding , divisive dudestravaganza ... A backstage musical where the stage is a battlefield and the amps are cranked to 11 .
A sensibility that blends comic books and video games - then invests it with an operatic grandeur and a seriousness that gives it surprising emotional weight .
Director Zach Snyder offers a peek inside his head , which turns out to be a vomatorium of pop culture 's every geeky element .
Under the helm of the visually gifted Zack Snyder , the messy movie is both ideologically and thematically incoherent , uncertain of the right tone and rhythm .



@highlight

It 's technically impressive and loaded with eye-catching images , but without characters or a plot to support them , all of Sucker Punch 's visual thrills are for naught .