Some TV viewers may tune in expecting more penguins ; what they get instead is a portrait of people in search of the sublime .
Damnably frustrating and fascinating , Herzog 's questions deconstruct Earth 's DNA in a scientific process going beyond statistics to ancestry or spirituality - an idea that we 're witnesses and valets who are here and , sooner than we think , will be gone .
Respect for the environment is not a moral issue for Herzog , but a common sense issue of survival . In the harsh environs of the polar regions , his point is made with crystalline clarity .
The footage is breathtaking . We also are privileged to watch seals feeding their young , but the revelations about penguin ` prostitutes ' are perhaps the film 's most extraordinary . Gay penguins ? Insane penguins ?
Caustically enchanting
... May not have the shock and drive of Grizzly Man , but it 's a poignant and even haunting work nonetheless
This documentary about life in and around a vast scientific research centre in Antarctica . None of these meetings , however , is as interesting as the interspersed footage of the pole 's natural wonders .
His best film for years .
This Oscar-nominated gem reveals far more than the traditional documentary by coming at the subject from an unexpected angle to reveal a myriad of unvarnished truths .
Too loose and aimless to sit with Herzog 's best , Encounters drifts along on its filmmaker 's frostbitten humour and his ever-searching eye for weirdness and wonder .
Herzog is baffled , amused and fascinated by them all , exults in their palpable strangeness , draws us deep into their unique world and , via Henry Kaiser 's extraordinary underwater photography , what looms often unnervingly beneath it .
Nature at its most mysterious , brutal and implacable - just as Herzog likes it .
Seemingly off-hand , cumulatively imposing , utterly masterful .
As a nature doc alone , Encounters at the End of the World would stand as one of the year 's best . But it is the people who choose to live and work at the very ends of the Earth that are Herzog 's real subject .
It 's a thoroughly intelligent , worthwhile and tremendous-looking film . But where is the dark spark of Herzog magic ?
Almost every film Werner Herzog makes is savage and incisive . Encounters at the End of the World , far-out and unforgettable .
As a nature documentary it 's nothing special . But that was never the intent . As an observational study of people and place , it 's truly fascinating .
Mid-list Herzog , but still a stimulating , strange experience . And that tragically perverse penguin is the most memorable movie animal of the year .
A compelling film that is by turns thought-provoking and very funny .
This is Herzog in awe at life , the universe , eternity itself .
Wondrous , wow-inducing marvels - seal calls that sound weirdly like Pink Floyd ; rare glimpses into the eerily alien underwater universe of exquisite ice cathedrals - uplift the soul as Herzog explores his pet obsessions .
The film is beautifully shot both under the ice , where creatures roam in a place that would rival any sci-fi horror .
Fatalism is the dark theme running through this otherwise extremely entertaining film , which is just as interested in the many weird and wonderful people who have made the Antarctic their home .
Engaging , beautifully shot and genuinely fascinating documentary that will stay with you for weeks afterwards .
Using magnificent underwater footage shot by someone else , Werner Herzog creates fascinating travelogue that takes us to wonderous and remote Antarctica , a place few humans have visited . But , surrounded by natures majesty and mysteries , all Herzog really
Defined by a sense of awe , wonder , and mystery , Herzog 's documentary is one of the most stunning and intelligent Nature features ever made and one of 2008 's very best films .
A visually stunning and wonder-inducing documentary about the scientists , the dreamers , the adventurers , the philosophers , the animals and underwater creatures of Antarctica .
The marketing tagline suggests we `` Go Somewhere Cool '' . As long as we can go with Herzog , the latter part of that sentiment is a guarantee .
This purported nature documentary muses on everything it encounters .
You will get Herzog 's patented quirky and riveting piece of cinema , wonderfully filmed by Peter Zeitlinger and accompanied by the Bulgarian Women 's Choir .
The whole movie felt like one of those films that I had to watch in Science class , and fell asleep to .
Amazingly decent documentary .
Herzog has made a nearly 40-year career out of following eccentrics and madmen , revealing that even the seemingly insane can have engrossing , vital things to say .
It 's filled with small riches , not least of which is the director 's amazing narration .
Herzog is one of a kind . His new doc is an event you watch in awe as you marvel at its wonders .
There 's something highly entertaining , kind of hilarious and almost endearing about director Werner Herzog 's insistence on reacting to each new revelation in his documentary films with a pronouncement of doom ...
A sweeping portrait of Antarctica 's barren emptiness tinged with pockets of hidden , quirky beauty .
... unlike some sound-the-alarm documentaries with a more overt political agenda , Encounters at the End of the World takes after its creator , who allows his extraordinary subjects -- human and otherwise -- to speak for themselves . And , perhaps , for
At once haunting and surprisingly engaging , a unique vision of a unique place and of the people crazy or dedicated enough -LRB- or both -RRB- to devote themselves to it .
A freakshow of social dysfunctions and wild-eyed blue-sky ventures .
Attempting to be too many things at once , it is ultimately not a satisfying story about humanity , nor does it truly capture the mysterious natural world of Antarctica .
Herzog 's fascination with the human mind is trumped only by his fear and loathing of the powerful forces of nature that continually crush it
As fans of his work know , Herzog has always had more than a smidge of charlatan in him . But rather than act as if he does n't , Herzog embraces this aspect of his personality in his films .
-LSB- Director Werner Herzog -RSB- gets an almost perverse pleasure out of staring into abysses ...
The underwater sequences are breathtaking and ethereal .
Antarctica , it turns out , is the perfect setting for Herzog to find the themes that have fascinated him : The mercilessness of nature , and the foolhardiness of humans who would challenge nature .
In the documentary Encounters at the End of the World , there 's a twist that swiftly counters Herzog 's instincts : Mankind 's industrial supremacy has not excluded the South Pole .
There are many moments in the film where -LSB- Herzog 's -RSB- essential liveliness breaks the wall of fatalism that he seems obliged to construct .
Herzog , contemporary cinema 's most consistently lyrical examiner of the -LRB- in -RRB- human condition , returns to the documentary form in yet another wonderfully improbable locale : Antarctica , the literal bottom of the world .
This is Werner Herzog at his best -- a cynic with a big heart , and a nasty wit .
The sky is relentlessly blue , the sun bright even in the thick of night . In this odd and unforgettable place , Herzog has made his own poetry .
-LSB- Herzog is -RSB- a filmmaker ideally suited to recognize and celebrate ... deep irony .
Gosh , Werner Herzog , would you like a little movie to go with your 99-minute , rambling lecture on Antarctica ?
Seeing the movie becomes a method of understanding , of putting into perspective , our place and limited privilege on Earth .
A mesmerizing new documentary that contains some of the most stunning , unlikely and unforgettable moments that Herzog has ever given us and by definition , that means that they are some of the most stunning , unlikely and unforgettable moments ever seen .
A poem of oddness and beauty . Herzog is like no other filmmaker , and to return to him is to be welcomed into a world vastly larger and more peculiar than the one around us . The underwater photography alone would make a film , but there is so much more .
... an engaging and generous profile of the fascinating folks who have chosen to live at the end of the world .
The film is most absorbing when Herzog stays out of the way .
A contrarian spiritual journey as provocative as it is hypnotic , Herzog 's Encounters at the End of the World literally treks to planet 's end .
Werner Herzog is a magnet for obsessives , and his lovely new film , Encounters at the End of the World , takes you places an ordinary filmmaker might 've gone to yet missed completely .
As far as this summer 's movie doomsday prophecies go , Herzog 's feels somehow strangely brighter and more upbeat than even Wall-E .
So the earnest seriousness that can make Herzog almost comical at times it is also the quality that allows him to paint a sincere portrait of these eccentric souls without a hint of mockery .
Had Werner Herzog lived 500 years ago , he probably would have become a celebrated conquistador , mapping out brave new worlds .
It 's one of the best documentaries of the year , no doubt about it .
In his latest documentary , Encounters at the End of the World , Herzog -- who warns the viewer at the outset not to expect any ` fluffy penguins ' -- deals with the men and women who perform scientific research in Antarctica .
A Discovery Channel production about Antarctica that breaks the mold with Herzog 's eccentric musings and auteur 's eye .
Encounters at the End of the World is an enjoyable example of this extraordinary director 's documentary work , and accessible enough to make it a good introduction to his singular vision .
The images captured by Herzog and cinematographer Peter Zeitlinger are dazzling all on their own , finding the disorienting psychedelia that is nature at its weirdest .
If you just have to see another Antarctica documentary , you could do worse than Werner Herzog 's Encounters at the End of the World .
Werner Herzog takes his unique questions about the universe to Antarctica for Encounters at the End of the World , a collection of amazing pictures and meditations on life at the South Pole .
Who better than Herzog to share with us the off-beat Encounters at the End of the World .
A gorgeous film , it 's funny , wacky and consistently entertaining . It 's also nothing like any other travel film you 've ever seen before .
Unique , striking .
This mystical , cynical , hypocritical elegy is his return to the deep after his somnolent The Wild Blue Yonder , and like it , plunges into the unique territory of Herzog 's mind
After the brilliantly original The White Diamond and The Wild Blue Yonder presented unusual professions and exotic outposts where individuals leave conventional society to express their aberrant instincts , the intrepid Herzog has finally hit a rut .
It is a sublime pleasure to spend time with -LSB- Werner Herzog -RSB- and `` Encounters at the End of the World '' is a trip from start to finish .
`` Encounters at the End of the World , '' is an adventure documentary where our perception of nature 's fierce beauty is filtered through Herzog 's mad-genius mind .
-LSB- Herzog -RSB- wants us to see how these quirky researchers , in their lust to explore , are acting out a drive as primitive as nature : the need to break away from the world in order to find it .
The Antarctic is exactly the place Werner Herzog needs to be , documenting extreme possibilities of life and thought .
Herzog the crank is a flimsy cover for Herzog the wonderstruck little boy , marveling at everything from the viscosity of seal milk -LRB- it pours like wax -RRB- to the spiderlike crab creatures that skitter along the ocean floor beneath the Ross Sea .
He -LSB- Herzog -RSB- is cinema 's poet of the empty spaces .
Encounters may lack the power of , say , the Herzog doc Grizzly Man , because it has no bigger-than-life character at its nexus , but it does confirm the filmmaker as an iconoclastic master .
A hypnotically digressive travelogue .
Herzog possesses the unique ability to revel in his own eccentricity without ever losing his charm .
A supremely cranky and lyrical feat .
But like all of Herzog 's walks with nature , this one is just as much about human nature as it is about Mother Nature .
The best thing about Herzog 's films is that he follows his instincts and lets his curiosity lead him to the next sequence .
The film plays a little like an episode of Anthony Bourdain 's No Reservations , except with scientists instead of cooks , though the low-stakes travelogue format allows for plenty of surprises and fun along the way .
Herzog appears to have no serious intent in his new documentary Encounters at the End of the World . Instead , the film seems only one more step on Herzog 's path to living oddity .
Granted , this documentary -LRB- surely the weirdest ever funded by the Discovery Channel -RRB- could have used more editing . But it 's the notebook of a genius , and well worth cracking open .
Signature Herzog : thoughtful , often hilarious , but also overwrought and lengthy .
Perhaps because Herzog is approaching old-master status , Encounters at the End of the World skews toward the observational .
Few filmmakers make the end of days seem as hauntingly beautiful as Werner Herzog does in Encounters at the End of the World .
Herzog 's conclusions are typically bleak ; declaring that human presence on the planet is not sustainable
South Pole documentary is gorgeous , if a bit dry .
Midway through , an eerier theme creeps in , all the more powerful for Herzog 's lack of insistence . By the ` end of the world ' he means the end of the world .
Offers an experience that is best summed up by a phrase seen carved in a McMurdo wood banister : `` I sink into bliss . ''
There 's nothing barren about Werner Herzog 's landscape .
The dazzling images speak eloquently for themselves , even without the director 's witty deadpan voice-over .
... one of Herzog 's best and most purely enjoyable .
There 's little doubt that one 's appreciation for the movie is directly related to one 's fascination with Antarctica 's barren landscape ...











@highlight

Encounters at the End of the World offers a poignant study of the human psyche amid haunting landscapes .