Thus , Shin Godzilla acquires the epic dimensions of a brutally and joyfully brainless monster movie ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shin Godzilla is a film filled with far more government meetings than Godzilla action . A lack of compelling characters and an abundance of bureaucracy make Godzilla 's big screen return a let-down .
Audiences may feel let down by the visualisation of the monster ... . Until you realise that 's exactly what it is -- a modern tribute to the thoroughly Japanese Godzillas that have gone before .
What Shin Godzilla does offer is one major counter : Godzilla 's real home is Japan , and anything else feels like a glitzy vacation .
Thirty-one films and 63 years later , the monster has seldom looked better . The final shot will haunt your dreams .
Directed by Hideaki Anno and Shinji Higuchi , it has an excellent Godzilla , whose rampages are a good mixture of modern and traditional-looking special effects . Often , though , the monster is out of the action .
Coming off like a peculiar mash-up of The Host and Dr Strangelove , Shin Godzilla is weirdly paced but does add a new twist to the old formula .
This enjoyable but dialogue-heavy addition to the Godzilla family takes aim at the inert , top-heavy bureaucracy of Japanese government .
This ambitious reboot of the Godzilla franchise from Toho Studios is a curious beast , but its unconventional nature makes it stand out from the rest of the monster pack .
There are lots of very shrewd and amusing scenes showing Japan 's bickering and sclerotic bureaucracy .
Bonkers in all the wrong ways .
Toho 's reboot of its most famous kaiju is , amidst intense monster action , a bitter satire on bureaucracy and a cautionary tale about humanity 's collective folly .
The fact that the film features a fictional U.S. President preparing to nuke Japan is a frankly jaw-dropping coincidence . It 's both hilarious and terrifying .
The doc-flavoured approach lends both urgency and tedium , while the blend of miniatures , stop-motion and CGI references the various looks of his 63-year history .
With the titular beast onscreen for just a fraction of the two-hour runtime , those outside Japan may feel that this latest incarnation of Godzilla is a lot less fun than it should be .
The 29th Toho film featuring the scaly Big Guy is also one of cleverest and smartest , clearly informed by the Fukushima nuclear disaster and a jaundiced view of do-nothing `` experts . ''
Feels more like comprehensive news coverage instead of a monster movie with a linear storyline .
Godzilla 's strange and ever-changing nature goes some way to compensate for effects that are at times decidedly ropey , much as the relentless pace of the action and editing makes up for some very flat characterisation .
A reboot that recovers the original spirit of the saga and applies it to the singular current context . Certainly it has several defects but what it offers definitely deserves our time . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that marks the comeback of an iconic creature , resulting in almost the opposite of what the American tradition considers a monster movie . It 's more like a film about bureaucrats with a monster in the background . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that , besides good humor , has some curious political remarks about XXI century Japan that definitely must be highlighted . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very successful mix between show cinema and fiction television by Aaron Sorkin , which surprises and gives something new to the saga . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It might not climb the mountainous heights of the '54 Godzilla or the 1964 Mothra vs. Godzilla , but it 's right up there at the top of the franchise 's second tier .
Hideaki Anno and Shinji Higuchi have honored the legacy of Ishirō Honda 's classic Japanese film property with the release of Shin Godzilla .
A combination of thrills , thoughtfulness , spectacle , sentiment and nostalgia , all at once .
All hail , the King of the Monsters . Godzilla is back .
As a franchise that desperately needed some form of evolution , Shin Godzilla offers it in a way that is occasionally surprising while also strangely familiar .
This is the most serious Godzilla film since the first , and except for the novelty the first film had , this would probably be the best Godzilla film ever made .
Shin Godzilla is a success , blending bureaucratic detail with monstrous mayhem into one exciting package , with enough nods to the original and more than enough originality to let it stand and destroy Tokyo on its own .
The filmmakers ' decision to focus less on goofy shenanigans and more on the political costs of a Godzilla attack in 2016 is both surprise and a revelation .
Shin Godzilla is a particularly strong example of a uniquely Japanese genre : the battle of the bureaucrats -- the red tape rumble -- with special guest star giant beast from the deep .
Shin Godzilla makes political restriction the real fire-breathing beast .
Shin Godzilla is a lot of fun if you can focus solely on the monster mayhem . Any sequence involving Godzilla is like a highlight reel of destructive bliss . Shin Godzilla leaves you anticipating where Toho will take this new Godzilla next .
Godzilla Resurgence may not be Godzilla at his very best but for fans of the giant monster , it 's a welcome relief to have him back in Toho Studio 's hands
As a giant monster movie this is gripping viewing from start to finish .
... a conga line of baffling choices ...
One of the most valuable Godzilla movies to come along in years , decades even .
There 's one good thing that comes from the occasional American Godzilla film : They get Toho to dust off the property and do it right .
Shin Godzilla is a true-blue Godzilla movie , and suggests that perhaps Toho has found its best way into a new era , and might have the chance to continue to offer cautionary warnings for generations to come .
As far as Godzilla movies go , this one is-just as Toho promised-a smashing return to form .
Godzilla roars back to life in this new Toho Production , but the filmmakers ' attempts to teach the old monster some new tricks only partially succeed .
The King Of The Monsters roars back to life in his weirdest movie to date .
You want to see Tokyo get trashed good , and it does , more cinematically so than in most of the previous franchise installments .
-LSB- I -RSB- t repeatedly makes one wonder when the movie is going to get back the big guy , already .
Takes a more realistic , nuts-and-bolts approach to the eternal question : How do you solve a problem like Godzilla ?
Anno & Higuchi 's vision of the character is thoughtful and clever without straying too far from the Godzilla formula established in films like the original 1954 Gojira .
Godzilla ... lumbers through Tokyo in a far less natural way than the days when an actor in a rubber suit stomped on models .
Anno succeeds in offering a new perspective on the decades-old franchise , without losing sight of what has made Godzilla endure for so many years .
The film is at its best when it 's in parody mode , though it keeps that card too close to the vest for much of its two-hour length .
Puts a cool , inventive , modern-day twist on the whole concept of a Godzilla flick .
If you 're expecting -LRB- or hoping for -RRB- the kind of Godzilla movie on the goofier side of things , you might be left wanting , but if you go in expecting a cool , refreshing take on the old paradigm , Shin Godzilla will be a hell of a fun time .
His most entertaining outings have always come from Japan , and the new `` Shin Gojira '' is no exception .
The Original Gangsta Lizard gets a largely satisfying reboot in `` Shin Godzilla , '' a surprisingly clever monster mash best described as the `` Batman Begins '' of Zilla Thrillers .
It 's a welcome return for the studio who originated the iconic creature creation , but unfortunately , it never lives up to the drama of the 1954 original , or the bananas fun of all the B-Movie schlock that followed .
The mother of all allegorical monsters takes on new meaning in a talky , vaguely nationalistic reboot that slips on like a comfortable sweater , even if it 's a sweater with some holes in it .
-LSB- The new Godzilla -RSB- might serve as a deliberate middle finger to Legendary Pictures ' current efforts to Americanize a famously Japanese monster . If one has to pick a side , I side with ` Shin Godzilla . '
What sets Shin Gojira apart as its own beast -LRB- heh -RRB- , however , is its heavy focus on the real-world politics involved in such situations of large-scale disaster .
What is audacious about this remake is not the liberties taken with Godzilla lore , but rather how faithful it is to the canon established by Toho Pictures in the 1950s .
Toho 's 29th entry in the Godzilla franchise may prove too talky for some , but still manages to pay loving homage to the lumbering anti-hero of Ishiro Honda 's 1954 classic .
Those rampages -- staged by effects veteran Shinji Higuchi and his team , with co-director and sci-fi/fantasy maestro Hideaki Anno supervising -- are worth the wait .

@highlight

Godzilla Resurgence offers a refreshingly low-fi -- and altogether entertaining -- return to the monster 's classic creature-feature roots .