Enjoyable but uneven , Amreeka is an unlikely comic take on the plight of the displaced , at home and abroad .
It sounds heavygoing but if anything Amreeka is a little too sweet and cosy for its own good .
Not a subtle film , but an attractive , affecting one .
In attempt to sustain momentum , the film begins to lurch from comic-book realism to join-the-dots melodrama .
This is a vulnerable but proud woman who we ca n't help but like .
The film is more gentle than harsh , relying on a very fine performance from the charming Faour and settings in Palestine and Illinois that seem very real .
The political issues are a little heavy handed but the story - partly drawn from the director 's own experience - works best when it focuses on the personal .
It 's charming and laidback , preferring wry , compassionate humour to politicking .
You 'll end up baffled that a film built on such shaky foundations can end up being so impossibly sweet .
Likeable but lightweight , Dabis ' emigration tale plays largely for laughs , sapping some of the drama from the storyline .
A winning tale of battling racism and prejudice in multi-cultural America .
A giant bland-fest , unleashing a misfiring charm offensive in place of strong characterisation or a story that has a destination in mind .
It 's funny , it 's politically charged , it 's deeply felt , and director Cherien Dabis keeps skillful control over all of these aspects to maintain balance .
Writer-director Cherien Dabis too easily resolves or dismisses the characters ' problems , making way for an upbeat ending .
Amreeka is only one of a number of recent immigrant tales to hit theaters , but with its blend of sweet humor and topical relevance , it 's one of the more compelling -- and surprising -- in some time .
Dabis wisely keeps her film firmly grounded in the personal and specific ... focusing on the experiences of one family which she makes us care about .
It 's the humanity of the work that makes it resonate and the insight into a culture closed to most Australians that makes it illuminating
Writer director Cherien Dabis writes about what she knows about being a stranger in a new land : the difficulties , the isolation , the conflicts , the misunderstandings . The result is a heartfelt and engaging film
The movie is insightful in its depiction of Palestinian suffering and the insensitivity of the United States . Faour is very appealing in the lead role , making great use of her hope-filled eyes .
You can try to resist it , but by the time Cherien Dabis ' writing/directing effort is over , you 'll be completely sucked in .
Amreeka is a sweet-natured film about the experiences of a Palestinian woman and her teenage son when they emigrate to Illinois .
A feel-good comedy about a Palestinian mother who moves to rural Illinois with her teenaged son , Amreeka is a kind of stealth political film that confronts issues of ethnic tension and American xenophobia .
Amreeka makes its points with gentle humour and engaging performances -- especially Faour , who makes Muna so likeable it 's impossible not to cross your fingers and hope her luck is about to change .
Director Cherien Dabis ' debut feature is a surprising , humorous , moving and very human story about a Palestinian family 's emigration to Illinois on the eve of the Iraq war .
A good-hearted film about the resilience of the human spirit .
Director-writer Cherien Dabis drew the story from life ... , and the script is brimming with tiny details that lend it authenticity .
The movie is honest about the way it depicts family relationships and racial prejudices . A believable and fresh-faced cast also helps in that regard .
The immigrant experience gets a fresh , post - 9/11 Palestinian spin in Amreeka , a film that has all the familiar ingredients but is such a well-acted , winning re-combination of those that we see them with fresh eyes .
As much as I enjoyed spending time with these characters , it 's hard not to bristle at the overall After-School Special vibe .
You keep rooting for these characters , even as the plot takes a series of broad and overly familiar turns .
Faour , in an Oscar-worthy performance , renders Muna in shades of love and hope .
An earnest comedy-drama , which covers familiar territory but in an unpretentious , and so reasonably pleasant fashion .
As poignant as it is buoyant .
For the most part , Dabis and her actors charm their way through this material , finding absurdist humor even in the darkest moments .
Although the drama heads on a predictable course , Faour brings intelligence and humor to her performance and Muallem , as the smart adolescent turned surly and scared , is likewise sharp .
This sensitively made movie is more than dim Americans making terrorist jokes . It 's one of the richer movies you 're likely to see about average Arabs in America .
The political ironies are obvious , and the American section is predictable , but Amreeka is winning all the same , because of the ensemble , and the humanism of its first-time filmmaker .
... a small budget , sincere little film that has its heart in the right place .
With Amreeka , writer/director Cherien Dabiscertainly does n't reinvent the genre , making it feel newborn , but with warmth and skill , and a dash of wit , she makes an old trope feel fresh .
This could be rough going , but Cherien Dabis ' Amreeka tells this immigrants ' tale with some humor and only a dash of political correctness .
Does it occur to xenophobic Americans that almost all immigrants , like their own ancestors , came here because they admire the United States ? Someone please explain that to Lou Dobbs .
A fine film with much on its mind , and while suffering from occasional missteps , it holds together as a terrific expression of worry and relocation , inspecting the less illuminated side of the American Dream .
This is the type of film that used to marketed by the early Weinstein Miramax , a crowd pleaser whose foreign origin and assured direction make it seem like art for the masses .
The film takes on a loaded subject , strips it of its political ramifications and draws out the common humanity underwriting even the most divisive of hot button issues .
Writer/director Cherien Dabis 's Sundance Festival entry digresses from a gritty West Bank drama to a stagy middle-American melodrama .
Writer-director Cherien Dabis paints a gentle , often wry picture of human resilience , and Faour and Muallen give solid performances , but there are a few too many by-the-numbers moments .
uneven -- but also smart and impressingly earnest
Most important , Mr. Dabis knows that home -- what a fraught place ! -- is , in equal measures , where the hurt is and where the heart is .
This piquant film brings a keen and serious eye as well as that feeling for affectionate human comedy to this fraught situation , smartly avoiding both stridency and sentimentality in the process -- it 's an elegant balancing act .
This slice of American life , as seen through the eyes of Palestinian immigrants , is nuanced , engaging and authentically observed .
Stands as one of the most accomplished recent films about a non-European immigrant coming to the United States .
It 's one of those movies that plays to the cheap seats , making the racism bigger , the assimilation process rougher , and the family squabbles extra-broad , lest viewers miss the point .
As it stands , the movie just serves up another warmed-over Ellis Island rehash .
The good humor , generosity , and love Dabis bestows on her characters in this assured first feature are uniquely hers -- the mark of a talent to watch
Amreeka is n't great , but it 's a relief when a movie that touches on America 's post-9 / 11 unease regarding Muslims and the Arab world is n't full of condemnation .
The thriving subgenre of immigrant displacement dramedy gets a confident new spin from Cherien Dabis .
Charming , poignant story with 3-dimensional characters as the familiar struggle for economic and cultural survival is updated for Arabs , centered by a zaftig force of nature .
A portrait of our times painted from an immigrant 's mirror , Amreeka should be seen by every American .
A remarkably engaging , observant approach to a prickly situation
When most filmmakers want to say something important about cultural conflicts , they labor to bring tears to our eyes . Dabis , by contrast , makes us laugh at ourselves and , in turn , each other .
The particular protagonist , her situation , and the tale 's tone distinguish the modest and enjoyable but artistically mediocre Amreeka from a growing body of border films about immigrants coming to America .
Newcomer Cherien Dabis directs Amreeka with a sure hand which takes the film beyond the cliches and sentimentality of the standard immigrant saga .
Dabis is certainly to be praised for her lightness of touch , filling many of her scenes with a humour often lacking from films addressing issues of migration .
The end result is n't a relaxed and incantatory celebration of cross-cultural friction that finds emotional and spiritual resonance in the mundane , a la The Secret of the Grain , but a sitcomish harangue .
Uplifting story of a resilient Palestinian mother and her son struggling to make a new life in America : hope is the tonic that keeps her going and you will find yourself cheering her on every step of the way
There 's nothing not to like about this charming , lovely little comedy .
A culture-clash dramedy whose background in Middle-East conflict is leavened with vibrant energy , balanced politics and droll humor by first-time feature director Cherien Dabis .





@highlight

A dramedy that 's got a taste for the tragic as well as the poignantly comic , Amreeka adds a new sweetness to the hope and distress of the immigrant experience .