This is a remarkable story , certainly most entertaining for Raiders fans . Still , it 's fascinating to watch the side-by-side shots from Spielberg 's film and these boys ' remake .
The dedication of the boys to this project is the sort of inspiration only a real film geek can understand , and count me among that group .
The joy of the Raiders ! remake -LRB- and the doc about its making -RRB- is the ingenuity with which the kids face filmmaking challenges , from borrowing snakes from the local pet shop to creating a wall of flame in one of their basements .
The best thing about Raiders the doco is the way it penetrates the cute feel-good story of the Guys so often re-told in news clips and magazines in order to uncover a painful story of adolescent angst , divorce , familial abuse and drug addiction .
God bless the mothers of these kids who believed in their dreams , even if they worried about their methods
In the end , the doc captures that magical way that movies can speak to us and transport us , and how , for some , that feeling becomes a way of life .
Told with the same exuberance as the filmmakers being profiled , `` RAIDERS ! '' shares the backstory of the production , including footage both from the film and behind the scenes .
Unoriginal behavior such as this should be shunned , not encouraged .
Whatever it was that drove them as kids to work on this project summer after summer is long gone , and their attempt to create a new triumphant coda for the story feels false and craven .
In a day where middle-aged fans rant on Twitter that `` Batman vs. Superman , '' `` Ghostbusters '' or some other piece of pop culture `` ruined their childhood , '' we see how loving `` Raiders '' not only saved these boys ' childhoods . It saved their adulthoods , too .
highly entertaining documentary
Story of kids ' labor-of-love Indy remake is fun , moving .
Raiders ! The Story of the Greatest Fan Film Ever Made , does just what its title promises and then some .
The brisk but rich Raiders ! doubles as a story of how creative partnerships , even those of many years , can fall apart and how childhood dreams can linger deep into adulthood .
All in all , this is pretty fascinating stuff and a must see for any real film fanatic .
Told here in mostly chronological order , the Raiders backstory is a near-universal tale of American childhood , and one that many viewers may recognize as similar to their own .
It 's a must-see for someone with even a passing interest in the Indiana Jones series or hopes of making their own films one day .
Skousen and Coon , who worked in various capacities on the no-budget Napoleon Dynamite , have an obvious empathy for these do-it-yourself film fanatics , and that cinephilia pours out of this warm-hearted movie .
An unabashed crowd-pleaser that celebrates the best of what being a fan is all about .
Thoroughly hilarious , surprisingly poignant portrait of fandom , friendship , and the filmmaking odyssey that consumed the teenage years of three movie lovers .
This is a smartly made movie that might win you over . I was pleasantly surprised , because there 's something truly Spielbergian about it .
If you see only one movie this summer , see the movie about the movie it took seven summers to make .
A celebration of motion pictures and their power to impact people . Inspiring and endearing .
Though indulgently overlong , `` Raiders ! '' manages to unearth the inner geek in all of us .
It soon starts to feel like self-promotion .
Fanboys got ta fan , but beneath the surface `` Raiders ! '' is the opposite of what it 's trying to be - not a salute to monomania , but a lesson in its destructiveness .
Raiders ! nicely interweaves the bittersweet history of the remake with a behind-the-scenes look at the middle-aged Strompolos and Zala collaborating for the first time in decades .
We root for those kids of 30 years ago to finish their movie . And we root for their still eager elder alter egos to nail that last shot . That 's a lot of cheering .
The film 's most profound subject matter may simply be the passage of time .
`` Raiders ! '' is as sloppy and imperfect as the kids ' shot-for-shot remake , but it has much the same charm .
This documentary is the sort of film that will leave both young and old -LRB- er -RRB- film fans grinning like the boys -LRB- and one girl -RRB- who dreamed the whole fantastic , mad scheme up in the first place .
It took 35 years to get here , but the finale is worth the wait .
Yes , these guys are in their 40s now , working with an actual effects crew , but they 're still essentially the same ardent idealists , determined to make the impossible happen . Spielberg would surely still approve .
It 's also a poignant look at middle-aged guys trying to relive their youth .
The result is an affectionate , suspenseful and moving look at ingenuity , fandom and friendship .
It 's amazing .
It 's a movie for anyone who has ever dreamed big , been knocked down , and dared to dream again .
There was so much joy in their remake , but Raiders ! is often dispiritingly preoccupied with adult issues of financing .
Over-hyped ... But you will laugh out loud at the chutzpah and the kiddie DIY problem-solving it took to do a shot-by-shot remake of `` Raiders of the Lost Ark ''
That childlike spirit , of loving a movie so much you have to just become it , pulses through their ` Raiders ' adaptation , and through much of the documentary as well .
You watch `` Raiders ! '' shaking your head in astonishment , questioning the sanity of the filmmakers as children - and adults .
Jeremy Coon and Tim Skousen get a lot of mileage out of its audacity . Their documentary is modest and sometimes clumsy , as if made with the expectation that only the geek community would ever want to watch it .
The documentary has a tendency to meander in parts and repeats a lot of the same observations about the personal significance of The Adaptation to the men , but its closing moments make the investment worthwhile .
Raiders ! is a decent look at the story-behind-the-story .
From Heart of Darkness to Lost in La Mancha , there have been many great documentaries about the trials and tribulations of making movies , and Raiders ! deserves to takes its place alongside them .
A solid film about a seemingly frivolous subject that builds to a surprisingly serious conclusion .
Raiders ! , as a documentary , is much like Zala and Strompolos ' film in that it 's rough around the edges at points , but so utterly sincere that it 's hard to deny after a while .
Illustrates how honest enthusiasm can gradually transform itself into ego , arrogance , and borderline obsession .
Often poignant , occasionally pathetic , but never short of entertaining , `` Raiders ! '' captures the obsessive hold movies have on young people 's imaginations ...
The will-they-won ` t-they dynamic of the film grips you and it 's almost impossible not to root for Strompolos and Zala , especially when things on set get hairy as the final explosive scene goes awry .

@highlight

As fascinating as it is affecting , Raiders ! offers an insightful look at fan culture while presenting a poignant portrait of friendship over the passage of time .