Karslake reveals ways Scripture has been used to discriminate against homoexuality , and shows how inaccurate interpretations of the Bible cause widespread despair and the destruction of lives .
Excessivamente convencional em sua estrutura e contendo sua parcela de graves tropeços -LRB- a seqüência em animação -RRB- , este filme ainda assim merece aplausos pela eloqüência de seus entrevistados , pelo teor de sua mensagem e pela paixão com que a defende .
One message rings clear throughout the occasionally muddled but always emotionally sweeping film : A true abomination is twisting the words of Scripture to match bigotry .
A thoughtful look at the complicated relationship between Christianity and homosexuality .
Progressive clergy provide enough historical context to neutralize the handful of Bible verses prohibiting homosexual acts , but Karslake never confronts the broader issues of sexuality and procreation that bedevil even moderate Christians .
The film offers proof that religion and homosexuality need not be mutually exclusive : Good Christians can love and accept their gay brothers and sisters , and gay people can still be religious .
A gut-wrenching depiction of what truly defines Family Values .
The movie 's serious , wide-ranging look at a divisive subject is not guaranteed to settle disputes , only to prompt discussion .
This is a compelling , thought-provoking portrait of a quiet challenge rising within America 's churches .
An informative , heartbreaking documentary about intolerance and manipulation , sadly and assuredly never to be seen by the people who need this info the most .
The Bible Tells Me So
If imperfect , the film is also necessary .
For the Bible Tells Me So is a great documentary and an even better motion picture , and as a testament to faith and family I ca n't imagine a finer example than this .
Daniel Karslake 's remarkable documentary boldly takes on a loaded topic -- Christianity and homosexuality -- and examines it both intellectually and emotionally ; the result may well leave you blinking away a few tears .
A brisk , entertaining and even moving exploration of the sometimes frayed intersection where Christianity meets homosexuality .
Could hardly be called even-handed , and it 's certainly repetitive , but despite its failings it 's still worth seeing -- as so often , especially by those who probably wo n't .
You 'll have plenty of ammunition next time you want to tell some Bible-thumper where they can stick their Leviticus .
Wallner 's journey to acceptance , not the movie 's slight forays into theology , will be what you remember about For the Bible Tells Me So . It 's a powerful , positive film .
Its main surprise is the compassion shown toward everyone , on all sides of the debate . It does not vilify those who vilify gays .
While the film is unlikely to sway anyone whose mind already is n't made up , it provides plenty food for thought in its examination of biblical doctrine on same-sex love and how it resonates to this day .
While you might not agree with all -- or any -- of the movie 's conclusions , there 's no denying that it 's effective and often intelligent filmmaking .
The case made by those interviewed in For The Bible Tells Me So is strong , and , at times , moved me greatly .
While the movie seems tilted toward Christian families attempting to work through issues of having a gay son or daughter , `` For the Bible Tells Me So '' fills a yet another heretofore blank chapter on Gay rights .
The film will probably end up preaching to the converted , albeit in an engaging and surprisingly light-hearted fashion .
For the Bible Tells Me So does n't follow the formula . That 's just one of the reasons it works well as a film and a lesson about , as one open-minded preacher puts it , what the Bible `` reads '' about what it supposedly `` says '' about homosexuality .
If you can look beyond the polemics , this is also a powerful story about the emotional pain and psychological trauma that splits families and breaks hearts .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Karslake balances the more emotional elements of the film together with the scriptural analysis and weaves them into a moving conclusion .
For the Bible Tells Me So probes the conflict between an obdurate force and a movable object , hoping against hope and the laws of physics that one can sway the other .
With impressive conviction , vast intelligence and even humor , Karslake has made a vital , stimulating wor
There are some heart-wrenching , tragic stories told , but the vast majority of the people Karslake shows us are genuine loving souls , who have embraced their children for who they are .
Will likely find itself preaching to the converted , but its moving true stories are powerful enough to affect anyone open to listening .
Filmmaker Daniel Karslake takes aim at the ways in which Scripture has been used to discriminate against gay men and women , and reveals the ways in which literal -- and often grossly inaccurate -- readings of the Bible have damaged countless lives .
This is an impressive , critical film that should be screened for everyone who 's ever exploited the Bible to justify fear and prejudice .
Here 's hoping Karslake 's film wo n't simply preach to the converted .
There is no denying that the film fills a need . The inevitable DVD should be packaged in a plain cardboard sleeve , so that viewers can carry it in their pockets and , if confronted by a homophobe , hand it over and say , `` Watch this , then get back to me . ''
An important and edifying documentary that can convince many to open their hearts and their minds to support gay and lesbian equality .
This rational , human and very serious documentary by Daniel Karslake gets at the historical distortions of the Good Book as well as the ease with which holy writings have been used in America to propagate hate .
As long as it 's dissecting the six or seven passages in the Bible that ostensibly disparage homosexuality , this documentary ode to tolerance takes a shrewd look at how speciously selective and ahistorical the church condemnation of gays really is .
-LSB- For -RSB- The Bible Tells Me So must be the first liberal documentary to resist Bible-bashing for Bible-thumping .
More human interest than agitprop .
The point that the homophobic right is picking and choosing which parts of the Bible to follow , and which verses to look at in the context in which they were written , is both terribly familiar and rudimentarily argued .
Karslake has made a powerful film ... it addresses the fulcrum of the religious right 's objection to homosexuality without attacking those who hold those beliefs .
For the Bible Tells Me So is never less than lively and stimulating in its arguments , even detouring into a very amusing cartoon dealing with the evidence that sexual orientation is biologically determined .
Admirable and moving .






@highlight

A timely and poignant examination of gays , their families and religion .