Too bad the filmmakers did n't realize -LSB- its -RSB- potential , and instead , decided to ignore the special relationship that these two characters could have had by throwing in a lot of irrelevant and clichéd material .
For as much as this movie tries to wrap itself around an emotionally powerful story , I felt there was a great emptiness inside .
... the movie finally packs a surprisingly resonant emotional punch ...
Call it a romantic comedy or romantic drama ; you 're still not going to giggle , your heart wo n't be warmed and ultimately , you 'll leave unsatisfied .
While there is no doubting the appeal of Eckhart and Aniston as a screen couple , their scenes together come over as decidedly slight when compared to the weightier issues raised by the movie as a whole .
It 's awful .
This very underwhelming rom-com spends far too much time on the not-so-interesting theories of the hypocritical self-help hero .
Not content with being a romcom that 's trite and shallow about love , it 's gone one step further - it 's trite and shallow about death , too .
Both stars seem bemused in their parts and it is left to Martin Sheen and a pet parrot to emote . The parrot , in fact , is the best thing here .
The film is sentimental and deeply embarrassing ... There is n't a laugh or an honest emotion in the whole picture .
click for the full review
Love Happens is more about catharsis than chemistry . It 's not a terrible film , but like skydiving lessons , you 'd better know what you 're getting into beforehand .
Gooey , banal and manipulative rom-com-dram .
Falls between romance and drama without really satisfying either .
The sorrowing widower is a great subject for film romance ; but the point is to let the girl have a proper crack at cheering him up . And , as always with love , a GSOH would help .
As a romance story , Love Happens is nothing special , with the spark between Eckhart and Aniston almost non-existent . But as a drama about grief , it 's much more interesting , though the blend of both does not always sit easily .
Lovers of therapy-speak with its `` closures '' and `` I 'm in a good/bad place '' will probably warm to this film .
Everyone is trying to re-invent the rom-com at the moment and the makers of Love Happens are no exceptions . The formula they 've come up with is to remove all the comedy , which is a bold choice .
How can we , as a species , tolerate Jennifer Aniston with her blurry expression of emotional bravery ?
It 's not a comedy . It certainly is n't funny .
A glossy , meandering wallow of a film with personable stars and predictable storylines . Blandly forgettable even with Aniston at her most winsome .
It 's quickly evident that Love Happens has n't struck the chord it was hoping for .
It 's a movie that suffers because it offers a glimpse at a far more interesting premise , but elects to stick to rom-com tradition . Ultimately , love does happen , and for Aniston fans that 'll no doubt suffice .
In Jennifer Aniston 's latest feeble romantic drama , almost nothing happens . Certainly not love or , indeed , much in the way of excitement .
What a title . Not that this crybaby romantic drama deserves much better .
Love Happens is watchable if you 're sentimentally inclined but its identity crisis is hard to ignore .
I will hold up my hands and admit I find Jen pleasant enough to watch , even at the worst of times . But this film IS the worst of times . And even diehard romance fans will find their patience challenged by the end credits .
Anyone expecting the Jennifer Aniston romcom that the posters and trailer seem to promise is going to be bitterly disappointed .
Good movies happen , too . Just not this time around .
Every situation in the movie is obvious ; the foreshadowing is so blatantly telegraphed you 'd think the film was produced by Western Union .
Love is n't inspired , it 's hammered flat like Khrushchev 's shoe .
When I say -- happens , bet you did n't think of plopping the word ` Love ' in there .
Could love happen ? Melodrama certainly does .
` Love Happens ' actually uses a slow clap in a serious way to bring this movie home .
Gee , they fall in love without falling into bed first . Hooray for them ! This is a relatively entertaining trifle , not the best romance , but not the worst , either .
Is this a movie or a feature-length advertisement for Qwest ? We 're not just talking one product placement ; this brand name is nearly omnipresent .
Aniston is mostly missing in action in this film but maybe she is just hiding because of her embarrassment over the content
Love Happens is n't about love . It 's about grief and works on most levels and is n't a total bomb because of -LSB- Aaron -RSB- Eckhart .
A wearisome romance between two one-dimensional constructions masquerading as humans .
Aaron Eckhart surprised me with the depth of his performance as a self-help guru who needs help himself .
Does art imitate life or does life imitate art ? When you use that title , you 're asking for trouble .
You will want to have your tissues ready for the powerful emotional punch delivered by this film . Screenwriters Camp and Thompson break the mold with a story told with sincerity and honesty .
It 's not a must-see , but with some nice performances and some scenic views of Seattle , if you wait until it comes to cable , it 's pleasant enough .
Nobody seems real enough to care about .
Hang in there Jen . You can do better .
Other stuff happens too , all of it strained and dull .
The film is part romance , part drama , part Seattle travelogue , with Washington emerging as the only true winner . Along with the benefactors of the movie 's copious product placements , that is .
More truthful -LRB- equally generic -RRB- titles might include : `` Death Happens , '' `` Psychobabble Happens '' or `` Lazy Screenwriters Make Love Happen Even If The Leads Have No Chemistry ''
An ill-conceived dramady about love and grief .
Love Happens-but not much else in this heartfelt but dull romantic dirge .
Love happens . Does n't it , though ? So do other , less pleasant fragrances . This much is clear in the well-acted fraud co-written and directed , woozily , by first-time feature filmmaker Brandon Camp .
Not that the grieving process should n't be addressed in a movie , but this one feels increasingly cooked up .
Yes this film will only target to a certain demographic , but for those who love these whimsical love tales you will be A OK with this one !
Love Happens is an inorganic soap opera : It leaves you with a sudsy residue .
Love does indeed happen , though it sure takes its sweet time , in this this meandering drama .
Dramedy about grief and love likely wo n't interest kids .
the worst romantic comedy of the year
Eckhart operates on cruise control , but the performance ca n't be helped as the screenplay is insincere and the overall tone of the film is inconsistent .
There are no sparks , not the slightest sign of chemistry , between Eckhart and Aniston . They might be Hansel and Gretel wandering endlessly through tame thickets of feeling .
The film was a winner right up until the last ten minutes , when it preceded to punch me in the face with every cliché possible .
Love Happens - if they say so , but we 're still looking for proof beyond what 's seen on the screen .
While Love Happens is the prototypical big studio weeper , it still has some impact on your funny bone and heart .
I 'd never have expected that the movie would be saved , just a little , from being complete bullsh*t by the presence of Aaron Eckhart .
Pure Hollywood hokum , with plotting that 's practically impossible ... graceless product placement , cutesy situations , and neatly tied bows .
Love Happens is a weepie about the grieving process , mainly my own . Two hours of my life have been brutally stolen from me , and I need closure .
Hiring irritating actors Judy Greer and Dan Fogler to play buddy roles in Happens is a terrific way to state to the audience that filmmakers have little to no imagination , looking to the routine and the tiresome to squeak by
Even Aniston can not make the antics forced on her by this screenplay look adorable .
Yeah , love happens . So does something else . Sappy , overemphatic and cloying ... -LSB- a -RSB- mountain of narrative cliches .
A limp romantic drama that occasionally lifts its drowsy head to attempt a wan smile , a picture that starts out being harmlessly dull and ends , somehow , in a place that feels insultingly manipulative .
Love never happens in this movie , but at least there 's some liking here and there .
This romantic-comedy is the kind of cloying , saccharine-saturated date movie that only the most deluded of fools in love would enjoy .
In defense of Love Happens , we can say only that it 's not as hair-raising a combination of romance and grief as last year 's Seven Pounds , although it 's close .
Despite its two appealing leads , Love Happens is , as the kids say , not happening .
Some may wonder why Jennifer Aniston keeps taking projects about single women unlucky in love . But the bigger question in Love Happens is why , with her pick of scripts , she chose one so utterly uninspired .
Until it erupts in tears , Love Happens dawdles along uncertainly as though debating exactly how to season its morose story with enough attempted witticisms to keep the audience from dozing off .
Bland , corny , sophomoric , unimaginative and painfully contrived with two leads who have no charisma or chemistry together . -LSB- It 's -RSB- a great cure for insomnia .
This romantic drama is as honest and as genuine as snow falling in a tropical rainforest or Will Ferrell actually running for President of the United States instead of lampooning one on a Broadway stage .
I think this country really needs movies like this . People are so freaked out about death of natural causes that they protest against health care . Imagine if they ever had to deal with a tragic death .
Parental Content Review
-LSB- The director -RSB- goes for the melodramatic jugular , knocking over the pitcher of lemonade his characters have so faithfully made from their lemons , and souring the entire film .
Oh , Love Happens , does it ? Thanks , movie . Thanks for the evocative and powerful title . Way to show some effort .
Comes so close to defying formula and expectations only to conform to them .
... a coma-inducing collection of unimaginative sermons , tasteless symbolism and one of the most crass uses of product placement to come down the pike in some time
If a camera crew had simply followed Eckhart around Seattle without any directions , they could probably have come up with almost the same film .
The parrot has the movie 's most intelligent dialogue .
Excise the love story , and there 's a pretty good movie buried within Love Happens struggling to get out , mostly to little avail .
That this superficial romance between a successful self-help author and a nurturing florist is also a film about overcoming the tragedy of losing a loved one only makes its clichéd insipidity that much more irksome .
A harmless time-waster that could have been more .
For a sparkly star vehicle with aspirations no greater than highlighting the perfect bone structure of its featured players , Love Happens makes a good case for the three-act formula of a skillfully crafted Hollywood romance .
The film has an uneven tone , unsure whether to mock -LSB- Eckhart 's -RSB- rudimentary words of wisdom or play up his good intentions .
A surprisingly thoughtful romantic drama saddled with a climactic scene so cloying and artificial that one can hardly believe it 's part of the same movie . And yet , what surrounds this five-minute faux pas is really kind of great .
A cliche-ridden , treacly drama that trivializes the bereavement process while it makes romance look easy and like a foregone conclusion .
The title is a good indication of this movie 's blandness and predictability .
Attractively shot but dramatically inert , this is n't persuasive enough to qualify as a tearjerker , and neither does it work as a substantive comedy .
Love supposedly happens in Love Happens . We 'll have to take their word for it .
Although the film begins promisingly , it proves to be little more than a soap opera .
Charm can only carry a movie so far , of course . Love Happens is not destined to stick with us or become a romcom classic . It just ... happened .
Burke 's hollow pop-psychspeak , lightly ridiculed at first , is wholly embraced by the film 's end , if not as adamantly as the outrageous product placements for Qwest and Home Depot .
Love happens in Love Happens , along with hearts , flowers , wine , roses , sweetness , light and every other cliche the filmmakers can squeeze into a two-hour film .
Because there 's no mystery , no chemistry and paper-thin characters , the movie coasts by on the charms of its two stars . And while Eckhart and Aniston are mighty appealing , they need to be given something more with which to work .
Love Happens is a comedy in mourning , a romance so sad that even Jennifer Aniston at her most engaging ca n't save it .








@highlight

Love Happens is a dull , chemistry-free affair that under-utilizes its appealing leads .