Promising more bite than it delivers , Dreamz is pitched too broadly to get very deeply under your skin . Still , there are some smarts at work here , and it will make you laugh .
-LSB- Director Paul Weitz -RSB- daringly explores various kinds of nihilism , comparing the self-obliterating nature of both extremism and fame .
American Dreamz tries hard to be both important and farcical , but it leans a bit too much towards farce without being funny enough to pull that off either . It 's decent , but uninspired .
The pieces are all in place for a slashing Preston Sturges jamboree . All that 's missing are balls
Weitz and crew almost create a `` Satire for Dummies '' film , featuring gags and social commentary that are neither funny , nor edgy ...
Writer/Director Paul Wietz -LRB- `` In Good Company '' -RRB- tries his hand at creating a topical satire of our current American social-political crisis and comes up far short of capturing the brutal climate of a country running on the fumes of its dismembered civil ri
Did writer-director Paul Weitz think that U.S. audiences would be too dumb to appreciate actual satire ?
A comedy that delivers in every way , `` American Dreamz '' easily gets my vote .
Viewers are left with nearly two hours of dull , rather obvious gags .
In a way , this film talks out of both sides of its mouth -- lampooning and loving its targets at the same time . But most viewers , I suspect , wo n't mind .
After a promising start , the film visibly deflates before your eyes , as joke after joke falls flat and Weitz himself seems to forget why he thought the premise was funny in the first place .
... Opting for a broad , light mood that 's at complete odds with the darker potential of its political premise .
It has the good sense to hold up a mirror to ourselves , only instead of making us feel guilty and stupid , it makes us feel inclusive and in on the big joke .
There 's the seed of a good satire in American Dreamz , but the film flops spectacularly due to a poorly written screenplay .
A satire that sets its sights too high and elicits only a few laughs here and there .
his movie , full of easy swipes at easy targets , comes off like that overly chummy guy at a party who got drunk too early and goes around taking too long to set up a joke that 's already been beaten to death .
Dreamz is a nightmare !
Subtlety and sincerity go out the window in favour of crass stereotypes and easy jibes ...
Cleverly written and performed , it 's entertaining but uneven .
... American Dreamz is kind of all over the place from the beginning .
For all its misguided qualities , the movie is at least perfectly cast .
There 's a brilliant movie here somewhere , but it 's never quite brought out .
A moderately engaging satire , some of it amusing and some of it strained , but in considerable measure it reflects a strange circumstance in all our lives .
Paul Weitz 's American Dreamz assembles a sumptuous buffet for the viewer , but since Weitz is n't hungry , he just stares at the spread , dumbly refusing to eat when really he should gorge .
No legitimate characters or performances here , just impersonations of the easy target clods that grace the stage of ` American Idol ' and White House press conferences .
It figures ... that Universal Pictures would see fit to inject multiple jabs at the world of television while unable to re-examine its own hubris .
A sociopolitical satire with a lot of bark , but not enough bite .
A supporting cast -- including Marcia Gay Harden , and Jennifer Coolidge -- are tragically underused and what little material they 're given has been dumbed-down .
Somewhat silly and more than somewhat tasteless , `` American Dreamz '' is n't as smart as it thinkw it is .
An American nightmare .
Writer/director Chris Weitz almost makes a good movie about how the public 's 21st century media influence means everybody believes they 're entitled to die famous , but he steps short of getting anywhere .
-LSB- A -RSB- satirically unbalanced in its attempted fusion of such varied targets as George Bush , Karl Rove , Dick Cheney , Muslim suicide bombers , and the hosts and contestants on American Idol .
Weitz 's rousing satire is no dream : It 's the mad , mad real world of America in the year 2006 .
Great satires draw blood . American Dreamz barely nicks the surface .
Pokes fun at a program that does n't take itself seriously , cutting down easy targets like an eighth-grade bully picking fights with first graders .
As are most satires , this is silly and humorous with good performances . I squirmed quite a bit during the first hour , but Grant 's performance is probably worth the price of admission .
This is a heady mix , but it sounds funnier than it plays , because it needed a Billy Wilder level of cynicism , and Weitz does n't have anything like that .
This is n't a black comedy -- it 's more like a whiter shade of pale .
So much potential left unused ... frustrating . I walked out of American Dreamz feeling good , but it was the kind of fluffy good that this movie should have been mocking , not emulating .
does n't seem to have anything poignant to say , opting instead to recycle broad generalities that have already been run into the ground on late night talk shows .
In the words of Simon , it 's a complete and utter disaster .
When the most sympathetic character in the movie is a potential suicide bomber , you know something 's wrong .
-LSB- A -RSB- sharply incisive zinger that condemns the American people for ... being perfectly willing to be manipulated by their leaders and their entertainers ...
With so many targets , American Dreamz feels busy and energetic , but it 's actually rather lazy .
You wo n't know whether or not to recommend it to your friends . They 'll ask you if it was good or bad , and you 'll only be able to respond with `` yes . ''
okay for what it is
What 's interesting about the movie is that , while it 's only moderately funny , it 's extremely amusing ... It held my interest throughout .
has as much acidic bite as a marshmallow sundae . ... It beats a drum , turns on a neon sign , demands your attention and then forgets what it wanted to say in the first place .
The off-the-cuff slaphappy material feels too stretched out and relentlessly spotty to emphasize any pinpoint intellectual political humor . Slight in its sarcastic overtones ...
The Roman rulers used to distract the populace from the problems of corruption and decadence with `` bread and circuses . '' Today 's equivalent might be junk food and television , especially `` reality '' television .
If revenge is a dish best served cold , satire is a dish best served acidically funny and American Dreamz dishes it out in a display of filmic bravado .
It 's an interesting mix of American Idol and suicide bombers that almost works ... They could have dreamed a bit bigger .
Enjoyable , sharply-observed satire with a great script and strong comic performances from the entire cast .
-LSB- Paul -RSB- Weitz co-directed the wonderful About a Boy in 2002 , but in Dreamz -- a tediously facile satire -- his comic instincts fail him .
Paul Weitz 's satirical farce gets the details right while missing the big picture .
Like a commander-in-chief who 's too good-naturedly dumb to be dangerous , the writer-director is ultimately too forgiving to do much bruising . -LRB- Or maybe too calculating , which kind of blurs into the same thing . -RRB-
Many of us have an American Dream : to go to the movies and laugh . The new comedy American Dreamz will fulfill that fantasy for some people .
American Dreamz is often a lot of fun , thanks to Weitz 's cast .
American Dreamz is the rare case of a movie that gets better as it goes along .
The topics of American Dreamz are very broad , but the targeting is often lasered .
Perhaps because both elements are such ultra-easy targets for satire , the film works only about half the time .
Weitz suffers what can only be called a failure of will . He backs off when he should be bearing down .
As the movie reaches its delirious climax with the American Dreamz finale that brings all the disparate characters together , it 's purely delightful . You might hate yourself for laughing at a some of the jokes , but you will laugh .
There 's a message here about the culture of spin and the tyranny of the gullible , but it 's buried under a pile of punchless jokes . You can see the subject handled more successfully in Thank You for Smoking .
American Dreamz is n't mean enough or funny enough .
... goes after its targets like a clueless klutz oblivious to the fact that the ticking bomb he 's carrying is about to blow up in his face .
When spoofs of bad singing and songwriting are the sharpest arrows in your quiver , and your politics are diluted until they hit about as hard as someone sticking their tongue out , your satire has a problem .
It 's a disappointing effort from witty writer-director Paul Weitz -LRB- American Pie , In Good Company -RRB- . He tries to weave a subversive tapestry a la Nashville but only tells a story full of holes .
A cartoonish , unfocused and mostly unfunny satire that does n't come within a hundred miles of hitting its two main targets .
The devilishness of satire is in the details , and -LSB- Paul -RSB- Weitz 's script just is n't as funny or as consistently sharp as it should be .
Ultimately , it neglects to pin the tail on the donkey that deserves it most : an audience that would n't recognize caveat emptor unless it was the name of an American Idol contestant .
Most of American Dreamz has a curiously dated , been-there feel : It 's a redundant comedy , like hearing the same tired joke for the 100th time .
Much like I feel in the voting booth every four years , the political satire American Dreamz rendered me frustrated and confused .
OK , so American Dreamz tries a little too hard to be satirically witty and bitingly political . But , darn it , it still makes you laugh in spite of yourself .
It may be seriously flawed , but American Dreamz is still amusing and pleasantly subversive .
American Dreamz has plenty of laughs . You 'll leave the theater feeling not outraged but actually rather cheerful .
the appeal of the movie so disintegrates with every second of resolution that I found myself hating it by the ending credits
American Dreamz puts reality TV and U.S. politics in its crosshairs , then fails to pull the trigger . It 's less entertaining than an average episode of American Idol . And that 's saying something .
In American Dreamz , the people are stereotypes , and the context is fake : It 's broad , it 's thin , it 's a big easy target . And ultimately , its dreamz are hollow .
A random episode of American Idol offers more comedy and drama , not to mention more disturbing insights into contemporary popular culture , than American Dreamz .
The entire cast -- including Dennis Quaid and Mandy Moore -- is pitch-perfect , nailing hilarious one-liners with shades of irony .
American Dreamz is an often uproarious , always ambitious gutting of modern America that cuts painfully close to the truth from beginning to almost-end .
American Dreamz is as forgettable and lacking in insight as the great majority of dreams that trespass on our subconscious .
To employ terminology that might be used by Simon Cowell , the brutally honest American Idol judge , American Dreamz is bloody awful .
American Dreamz pulls off that rare feat of shooting at dozens of big targets , and hitting so many of them that we want to stand up and cheer because someone even tried .
As satire , American Dreamz is heavy-handed . As comedy , American Dreamz is hilarious .
Dreamz is amusing enough ; but be prepared for comedy that 's more crass than class . If you want refinement , see the more clever Thank You for Smoking .
The writer-producer-director of American Dreamz makes nearly every mistake in the satirical book . His targets are either too easy or too dated . He 's inconsistent in his attitudes toward them . His stereotypes are stale .
A peculiar and highly uneven attempt at a spliced satire of zeitgeist fixations , American Dreamz suffers from what might be best described as a schizo-filmic split-personality disorder .
Ham-fisted but ultimately hilarious satire with an excess of targets .
American Dreamz is a political satire that 's eerily emblematic of the moment we 're living in : smart , spring-loaded with pop culture references , and far too good-natured to do any lasting damage .
What if they threw a satire and no jokes came ? This is the question American Dreamz answers in its interminable running time .
The sheer audacity ... is admirable , and often times very funny .
The Weitz brothers are a 2-headed John Hughes for post-2000 audiences ... not always critically aclaimed , but almost always loved by the public . Once again , they succeed .
It has the sunny , deceptively breezy tone of something like `` Dick , '' or maybe one of the great Michael Ritchie satires of the mid-1970s , like `` Smile '' or `` The Candidate . ''
It all culminates in a climactic showdown during the reality show 's frivolous final that 's so terribly staged and written I nearly slapped my forehead in disbelief .
Beyond the About a Cad subplot featuring Hugh Grant , this one is about as entertaining as your typical post-Weekend Update skit on SNL .
Dreamz is a disappointment , but it 's a Paul Weitz film , I love all the Omer bits , and I announced that I 'm a big Hugh Grant fan , so for those three reasons alone , it worked for me .
American Dreamz succeeds , partially because it feels so good to see these parade floats skewered and deflated . But the real triumph here is that Weitz bothers to take aim at all .
The film is tailor-made for the vast audience that ca n't wait to watch Fox 's Idol each week while still intellectually grasping what a glossy hunk of junk it is .
Not everything works in this semi-audacious challenge to the American Dream , but Weitz consistently and amusingly hits the broad side of the barn .
The talented cast is left high and dry by writer/director -LSB- Paul -RSB- Weitz .
Politically incorrect to a broad spectrum of social cliques , `` Dreamz '' makes a statement and has some fun at the same time .
Watching ... viewers reacting to an ... attack on the president as just another reality show ... suggests that 9/11 did n't change things as much as some people have claimed .
American Dreamz struggles so mightily to be clever it forgets to be competent .
Fortunately , when the movie does remember to be funny , it 's very , very funny .
The jokes in American Dreamz whiz by with speed and grace , and Weitz maintains control of the material every minute .
I doubt that American Dreamz is much smarter than what it 's satirizing . It has n't earned the right to scorn .
If the comedy did n't have its fair share of moments , it could easily be seen as failure ; fortunately , a handful of game actors ... saves it as something that 's mostly enjoyable .
If its opening scenes are like an asthma attack within an iron lung , Weitz stabilizes the material and begins massaging the satire with the brand of human interest that made his other works so distinctive .
-LSB- Grant -RSB- is a brilliant comedian , with an ability to be hilariously selfish and egocentric without turning off the audience .
The story , while no Dr. Strangelove , is very poignant as a satire on politics and modern culture .
It 's not really a cynical or outrageous point of view , but just a really lazy one , and offensively , exploitatively so .
... a sharp satire in a time when we need as many laughs as we can get at our own expense .
American Dreamz lampoons the public 's appetite for mindless entertainment and easy distraction from serious concerns .
Paul Weitz 's film is a seriously unfunny comedy about that intersection where politics meets entertainment .
It 's an enjoyable and frequently hilarious lampoon of easy targets , but a stinging satire would be so much more satisfying .
The movie is a spirited exercise in caricature rather than a cohesive comedy . Everybody 's playing somebody real , but the movie never approaches reality .
What really hurts is Quaid 's ridiculous idiot persona as the prez . It is simply too off center -- even with a Texas twang .
The President is a boob in this lazy rip-off . Not funny except for one gem : the angry Arab gay cousin with a dream Weitz steals from him .
American Dreamz , Paul Weitz 's good-natured satire of pop , politics and our bloated sense of entitlement -LRB- arguably our biggest export -RRB- lampoons the great American disconnect from reality by locating the place where all these things intersect .
-LSB- Director Paul Weitz 's -RSB- best work comes with plenty of breathing room . But American Dreamz is too busy and plotty to afford much of that . The characters end up competing for screen time .
This is a good movie about music that would have been better served without the music .
The time is certainly ripe for a scathing black comedy about our current political life -- something on the order of , say , Dr. Strangelove . Alas , American Dreamz is not that film . Not even close .
American Dreamz looks like a sitcom , plays like a sitcom and is a sitcom -- and also the riskiest political satire since Wag the Dog .
It 's simply zany , silly , forgettable fun .
Even when Dreamz was clicking , I could n't help wondering what a more ruthless filmmaker like Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- or even Christopher Guest -LRB- Waiting for Guffman -RRB- might have done with this material .
American Dreamz , writer-director Paul Weitz 's parody of both American Idol and the American presidency , is filled with dead-on detail , sharp dialogue and reasons to laugh out loud .
Everybody 's so good , you find yourself wondering why the movie is n't funnier -- or riskier .
Although Dreamz does n't hold together as a seamless whole , most of its components are worth the price of admission on their own .
20 years from now , Dreamz will be a fine time capsule of who we are , and of everything that we think is ` so cool . '
A toxic love letter to hate .
You 'd think the idea of a satire that combined politics and pop culture would be rife with possibility , but Weitz is more timid in the box than Jon Heder in The Benchwarmers .
The sort of satire so ` affectionate ' that all of its would-be poison-tipped arrows seem to be coated in sugar .
A simple-minded cartoon that aims for low-brow laughs rather than going for the jugular .
A comedy satire as proudly silly as its awful title .
You wo n't realize how far under your skin it 's gotten until you catch yourself singing the theme song on your way out of the theater .
... will undoubtedly come under fire for being all over the place , but that 's like complaining a trapeze artist should n't be performing so far up in the air . The movie exhilarates precisely because it takes random , high-altitude risks .
A satire too broad and cartoonish to be taken seriously .
... despite some great lines , the whole remains less hilarious than it ought to be .
So do you think the war on terror is one big joke ? ... Even if you do , this is comedy that , for all its heavy-handed political satire , just is n't funny .
Weitz has a clear-eyed vision of the zeitgeist and tosses it up on the screen with a deadpan veracity that is as unflinching as it is hilarious
Comes across like a bad ` Saturday Night Live ' political sketch , dragged on for way too long ... a lot of great talent wasted .
One wonders whether American Dreamz is attempting to satirize pop culture or merely recreating it .
-LSB- Paul Weitz -RSB- has made the shrewd move of staging the film on a human scale , in the homespun wackadoo spirit of a '40s screwball comedy .
With such acting talent and some of the creators of much better films , you may be expecting more than a good farce . However , the farce is pretty much what you 're getting here .
A broad-based lampoon that envelops too much material and tries far too hard to please .
Satire attracts a tough crowd and is always a challenge to pull off . This one duz , and makes the complexity look easy .
Is it possible to satirize something that , in and of itself , often crosses the line into self-parody ?
Its shallow cynicism combined with its faith that everything will turn out okay can even be said to breed complacency -- the opposite of what satire needs to do in these increasingly dark days .
There 's some color and variety here but not much by way of teeth and bite , and it quickly becomes clear that the movie 's social targets -LRB- a shopping list of political and cultural ills -RRB- are going to be broad and easy ones .
American Dreamz should really have been funnier . But it 's not boring .
Any attempt to defend American Dreamz for its political venom , or for the surfeit of its surreal conceits , is doomed to founder on a single , obstructive fact : this picture ai n't funny .
American Dreamz suffers from an overabundance of subplots and characters .
This comedy by the director of American Pie prefers farce to political satire and broad comedy to incisive social commentary ...
A film with none of the heart that has characterized Weitz 's best work and none of the freshness of his most successful .
Pic and its ambitions are undermined by insistent cartoonishness and comic ineptitude .
Instead of making dreamz come true , it will only give you nightmarez .



@highlight

This overly silly satire aims at too many targets with arrows too dull to make relevant social commentary .