Nearly every song is shot in extreme close-up . I would have preferred to get lost in the music , rather than wonder `` How did they get Jackman 's eyes to look like that ? '' `` When was the last time Redmayne shaved ? '' `` When was the last time Hathaway ate ? ''
While it is n't a consummate movie , Les Misérables will stir a younger generation of fans with its glitz and charm and perhaps pioneer a new style of movie musicals .
Hugh Jackman delivers a muscular , earnest performance that holds together this diverse ensemble cast - which includes predictable but welcome comic relief from Sacha Baron Cohen and Helena Bonham Carter - for the full 158 min .
Les Misérables is a fusion of heaven and earth , sight and sound like no other .
Hands down , the best part of Les Misérables is the singing . Sacre bleu !
If we embrace our proximity instead of being shaken out of the characters ' woes , then the film turns into a thing of beauty .
-LRB- Director Tom -RRB- Hooper ... cribs from musicals ranging from Oliver ! to Cabaret to Disney 's The Hunchback of Notre Dame . He misses the energy of those films , and does n't accomplish the immediacy of Les Miz 's stage incarnation .
Tom Hooper , what have you done ?
Tom Hooper 's direction is an aesthetic crime .
Everybody curse Tom Hooper ! Everybody feel the gloom ! Everybody give thumbs down to the Master of the Zoom !
Ultimately the film 's choppy , camera-goes-anywhere approach works well in translating a play that was never all that interested in the movement of bodies anyway-only their martyrdom .
-LSB- Director Tom Hooper 's -RSB- old fashioned take is frequently exhilarating and adamant in its unwavering desire to not be dolled up and be given a hip makeover .
If the entire film were as good as the first 30 minutes , it would easily be one of the year 's best pictures .
This `` Miz '' ai n't nothin ' but a miss .
standing as it does , nearly alone , one could certainly do worse than Hooper 's brave and smart addition to the pantheon .
Any heart , any familiarity in LES MISERABLES is due solely to the actors , and remains in spite of Hooper 's best efforts .
The -LSB- film 's -RSB- conclusion might be that tragedies deserve sympathy , not judgement ... and I wish I could come to this conclusion myself but I saw a film directed by Tom Hooper .
Within the first six numbers -LRB- in a musical containing 666 of them -RRB- ... Fantine ... has lost her job , her teeth , her hair , her prostitute-trainee badge and her life , but not before she sings the weepiest , most maddeningly catchy Susan Boyle song in the world
As Fantine , musical theater 's favorite emo chick , Hathaway blows away whatever else is supposed to be going on .
A guaranteed musical tear-jerker about a jerk who becomes a teary hero .
Imperfect , but stirring
Riveting and incredibly entertaining ...
Beyond some pacing problems and a few questionable casting choices , the movie works as a towering , somewhat lumbering monolith of entertainment disbursement .
Director Tom Hooper -LRB- ` The King 's Speech ' -RRB- , for the most part , balances Hugo 's gritty , if romantic tale , with the larger-than-life demands of an adaptation of the 1985 stage musical .
A gorgeous film if not quite a classic , `` Les Misérables '' is a beautiful interpretation of the stage production based on the Victor Hugo novel . Not surprisingly , it 's a sight to see , and it 's directed by Tom Hooper , who helmed ` The King 's Speech . '
A esperança é que , depois de Os Miseráveis , alguém tome o megafone de Tom Hooper e o proíba de entrar em outro set de filmagem .
So many close-ups , it seems better made for TV . Scene transitions are non-existent ; the pace is relentless . All this over-the-top selling of emotion makes you look around before exiting-where 's the gift shop , hawking more Hugo-not spinoffs and souvenirs ?
Even if you 're no fan of the show and think the lyrics doggerel and the music dreary , it 's hard not to be bowled over by the barnstorming gusto shown by director Tom Hooper and his cast .
Hugh Jackman is sensational as zero to hero Valjean . Few can sing , dance and act like him . Here , he combines all three to glorious effect . And perhaps his most underrated quality is his greatest , Jackman is just so darn likeable .
Les Misérables has enough genuinely emotive power in its tank to guarantee a lot of people enormous pleasure .
Bombastic , overblown , overlong , needlessly convoluted and full of simplistic characters , some terrible performances and a constant , cochlea-cracking racket on the soundtrack ...
A work of unusual power and colour .
This is a Sing-A-Long Review . Press play on the backing track to `` I dreamed a dream '' before reading .
It made me bad-tempered for two days , a personal record .
Those who get on with tunes will barely notice the hours flying past . Of course , if you hate the show , you 'll hate the film .
Starting at full-emotion and never wavering for a moment , this huge movie adaptation of the long-running stage musical wears us out with its relentlessly epic approach .
It 's Jackman , with his background in musical theatre , who stands out - somehow managing to anchor the whole thing and stop it becoming the bloated monster it threatens to be .
A bold filming of a theatrical classic , anyone with a fondness for the original production and a wee greet will lap this up .
Like being trapped in Disney jail with the kids from Fame . For five consecutive life sentences .
Les Misérables ? More like Meh Misery-blah-blah .
The lavish , formidable production will delight fans but I doubt the uninitiated will be won over the barricade .
This is a movie about suffering with no jagged edges .
C'est magnifique .
At the end of 158 minutes , you really have experienced something . What exactly , I 'm still not sure .
Hugely enjoyable , powerfully emotional musical with superb songs , stunning set design and a series of brilliant performances from a note-perfect cast .
There is a sense of danger in performances that are called upon to hit high musical and emotional notes simultaneously .
It 's great to have a film which touches and moves you . Just be prepared to leave the cinema feeling emotionally drained .
Spectacular to look at and often poignantly beautiful to listen to , this wo n't disappoint the millions who have sighed at the stage play .
Tom Hooper gets a bit carried away with swoopy shots , and the close-ups are unrelenting , but crucially he lets the filth and the squalor in .
By the time Amanda Sieyfried and Eddie Redmayne were warbling a love song at each other within seconds of meeting , I was ready to give in to my bladder .
It could have worked if Hooper had taken a bold strimmer to the structure . Instead , this Les Mis feels as dogmatic as Javert , and as cheesy as old brie .
It 's fun while it 's on , and unless you 're a die-hard musical hater , you 'll head home humming .
Rings with all the emotion and power of the source and provides a new model for the movie musical .
A good example of a movie that contains a single scene of such unfathomable cinematic perfection that to dwell on its various failings seems cruel and unusual .
`` Les Misérables '' will surely take its place among the greatest musical adaptations ever made .
Les Misérables is a frustrating , gorgeous , and even at times brilliant movie musical .
The film features excellent singing , for the most part , but it also emphasizes fragility in a work that 's largely defined by its grandiosity .
Fans of the original production , no doubt , will eat the movie up , and good luck to them . I screamed a scream as time went by .
Those who do n't know the story going in will be lucky if they know it going out .
When Les Misérables is good , it is very , very good , and when it is bad , it 's usually because Russell Crowe has opened his mouth .
Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway provide some winning musical moments , but overall Tom Hooper 's film version is lumbering and drab .
Depending on whether you love or loathe such stuff , you 're likely to either applaud with Lloyd Webber-esque glee , or plan to flee at the nearest opportunity .
... Jackman , who should get a Nobel Prize for the way he carries pretty much the whole undertaking on his shoulders , so protean and virile is his singing and acting throughout .
A good but flawed adaptation of the smash Broadway musical
Fosse wept .
The issue with a motion picture reproduction of the musical is not whether the songs will be spectacular or whether nostalgia will play a role ; the issue is whether director can capture the play 's epic scope and whether the cast was up to the challenge .
Overstuffed , dreary and dripping with sickening sentimentality , what starts promisingly soon becomes a two-and-a-half hour struggle to stay awake .
Bloated and overdone but entertaing if not enthralling .
Breaks a record for climbing to the apex of movie musicals . Unfortunately , it 's done within the first hour of proceedings and the slide back to the bottom is a laborious walk through the famous stage musical 's song book .
It 's ugly in the way that only films driven by fanatical vision , unfettered by checks , and galvanized by awards and money can be ugly
Here it is , `` Occupy Movement : The Musical , '' `` Les Miserables '' preaching economic revolution , the downtrodden rising up against the wealthy few and a police force hellbent on defending the status quo
This is a mixed bag of a musical . The story , and characters , are great , but the music is lacking . I think it would help a lot to have subtitles for the songs .
Les Miserables is hampered by Crowe 's feat . Fortunately , Jackman is potent in the leading role , and it 's nice to see Hollywood taking advantage of his versatility . Yet the showstopper is Hathaway , who 's tremendous as Fantine .
The songs you expect Javert to knock out of the park end up - at best - bloop singles with Crowe 's limited range .
One of the best films of 2012 .
A brilliant adaptation of the long-running stage musical , it raises the goose bumps like no other theatrical presentation of its kind , film or stage .
Ironically , the grandly scaled Les Miserables may be the first epic-sized musical that leaves one feeling claustrophobic .
At the heart of the `` Les Misérables '' movie was a good idea that just did n't work out this time . The idea was that the actors should sing their songs live on camera .
I have to admit that I was sometimes moved to the verge of contemplating the possibility of tears .
While Anne Hathaway avoided food in preparing for this film , she compensated for her dietary restriction by chewing the scenery with uncontrolled gusto .
Hathaway pitches her sweet voice to an octave she 's sure that only Oscar voters can hear .
We 're all familiar with the experience of seeing movies that cram ideas and themes down our throats . Les Misérables may represent the first movie to do so while also cramming us down the throats of its actors .
Epic yet intimate , Les Misérables is a standing-ovation triumph .
As Fantine , a gaunt Anne Hathaway plunges into her character 's suffering with such unseemly relish that she practically licks her chops with self-indulgent woe .
having the actors sing their parts while they were filming ... gives the music a welcome organic quality and immediacy .
The `` misery '' is there , all right . But so is the uplift .
The best movie musical I have ever seen .
The good news : Les Miserables is a less miserable film experience than expected . The bad news : it 's still miserable .
The real diamond here is Russell Crowe . As the committed lawman Javert , he proves what a versatile and magnetic actor he is .
works emotionally even when it stumbles aesthetically
`` Les Miserables '' is one of the few movie musicals you will ever see that matches -LRB- and in some cases surpasses -RRB- what you would experience on the stage .
Excellent film adaptation of gritty , heartbreaking musical .
Let 's accentuate the positive .
A mixed bag of suitable and not-so-suitable choices . On balance , though , it 's about as compelling a screen version of Les Mis as we have any right to expect ... Pop a dramamine and you 'll be fine .
There are some moving scenes , and some of the songs are well realized . I was particularly impressed with Eddie Redmayne , whose acting and singing ... is , for me , the highlight of the film .
Good thing that `` Les Miserables '' was n't filmed in 3D . Audience members in the first few rows might have requested a sneeze guard .
The music is never as impressive as the filmmakers want you to think but the filmmaking itself is often very good - good enough to keep you watching and plugged in
Spectacular , sweeping , and poignant . It covers nearly the entire emotional spectrum possible .
This version of `` Les Misérables '' simply does n't sing .
accessible to the mainstream and expertly done from a technical level
It is unsubtle , but magnificently so .
The film makes the most of the cinematic medium , particularly through the use of close ups , and is a worthy adaptation of this much beloved musical .
Likely to evoke love it or hate it sentiments , and I loved it .
Committed fans of the musical are likely to have their affections reaffirmed . The less devout , however , may conclude that in this case more is less , and fidelity not always a virtue .
Jackman 's Valjean ca n't quite sing on key . / And Crowe 's Javert deserves Razzies .
It lives in that kinda-sorta , okay-not-great , this-worked-that-didn ' t in-between for which words like `` better '' and `` worse '' fall woefully short .
If you like your musicals enormous , over the top and bang-on-the-head manipulative , `` Les Miserables '' is the movie for you .
By the grand finale , when tout le monde is waving the French tricolor in victory , you may instead be raising the white flag in exhausted defeat .
A few hours watching this adaptation and you may be one of the miserable ones , too .
Fans of the franchise will greet `` Les Misérables '' as a feast for the senses , but the rest of us are left with crumbs .
Faulty third act ca n't dull Les Miserables ' impact
One of the most emotionally devastating and gratifying movies I 've ever seen .
The period production design is intricate and evocative . And although the screenplay , about characters linked by fate , likely owes a debt to the original production , it is structurally and dramatically sound .
The music and the magnetic performances make many of the directorial missteps fade into the background .
After 2 1/2 hours , the movie 's become a bowl of trail mix - you 're picking out the nuts you do n't like and hoping the next bite does n't contain any craisins .
Despite its pitfalls , this movie musical is a clutch player that delivers an emotional wallop when it counts . You can walk into the theater as an agnostic , but you may just leave singing with the choir .
Is Les Miserables perfect ? No . Is it worthy of the word ` classic ' ? Perhaps in some circles . Still , it 's a gorgeous , well-executed -LRB- but at times lukewarm -RRB- film .
A swing and a miz .
This is filmmaking of the most opulent order -- par excellence .
I liked the film , but its various standout performances and production numbers end up overshadowing the overall offering . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
If you 're not careful , it will sweep you right off your feet : leaving you drained , stunned and more than a little moved .
Despite the shaky start , I found it to be an emotionally fulfilling , epic musical featuring outstanding performances from the ensemble cast .
It may succeed commercially because of the already-existing fan base which has been eager for years to see it on the big screen . However , that does n't make it a good movie .
Just try and resist the urge to give it a standing ovation when the credits start .
Anne Hathaway as Fantine is absolutely 100 % amazing . She 's so good , I almost forgot that I hate her .
Enjoyment requires a determinedly half-full attitude : Take pleasure in what 's good and do n't worry about the rest . If you ca n't do that , this may be the longest almost-three-hours of your life .
Musically romanticizing carnage and destruction
The result is not only one of the best musical adaptations to come along in the last few years , but also the best film of 2012 .
If it 's not quite the movie version that fans have been longing for , it is good enough that they would n't want to miz it .
Jackman is performing in a drama , Crowe on his concert stage , and Hathaway alone in her room . It 's a collection of performances rather than a story .
The piercing sincerity of this stupendous , heart-wrenching epic would move even the most jaded cynic . See it and weep .
The songs in `` Les Miz '' are big , emotional missiles , meant to carry their three-hanky payload to the very back row , to bend around the pillars offering obstructed views .
And then there is Anne Hathaway . Yes , she is every bit as good as you 've heard before . This is not only the best performance in the film , but one of the finest performances of the year .
Raw , riveting and remarkable .
Judging from the title I expected Les Miserables to be in French - so imagine my delight when I realized that this was the corner of Paris where every peasant in Britain lives ! Chez blimey !
A boldly conceived effort with stunning performances and a searing sense of despair , yet the world-famous music lives on , supporting a unique attempt to strip the theatrical behemoth down to its purest elements of stinging emotion .
Review formatted to Smash Mouth 's `` All Star . '' SooomeBODY once TOLD me , the SOOONGS were gon na BORE me , I AI N'T a cultured DUDE just a GUUUUUEST/Anne was LOOKin kinda GLUM with her HAAAAIR up in a BUN , and some DIRT on her FACE , yeah she 's POOR , now
An engaging version of a sweeping epic , an enduring tale of romance , sacrifice and heroism .
Jackman does indeed seem able to do it all in show business , and now he has perhaps his greatest triumph as Jean Valjean , the famous prisoner No. 24601 in the movie version of Les Misérables .
The gorgeous art direction and sweeping cinematography by Danny Cohen elevate the filmmaker 's vision of Les Misérables as something greater than a rehash of the musical .
Victor Hugo 's grim , but redemptive , classic novel is given resplendent new life on the big screen .
If you love Les Mis the stage musical , my guess is you will love what Hooper and his bustling company have done .
This is a big story , with big themes , based on Victor Hugo 's really big novel about love , law and revolution in 19th-century France . Yet somehow , `` Les Misérables '' is n't the major movie event it should be .
The actors - particularly Jackman , Anne Hathaway and Eddie Redmayne - carry the day , despite Hooper 's often claustrophobic camera angles and occasional bursts of mincemeat editing .
Once the film acknowledges the exaggeration and two-dimensionality of the story 's gleefully villainous characters , ` Les Mis ' starts to resemble a party with great music .
This is an underwhelming adaptation , but the film is executed with a unique , admirable approach and , ultimately , is a solid -- with reservations -- arrangement .
Like Joel Schumacher 's ... ` The Phantom of the Opera , ' ... Tom Hooper 's opulent but bloated version of another insipid pop opera proves a lump of coal in moviegoers ' Christmas stockings .
Director Tom Hooper has traded the soaring voices of the stage presentation for a concept incorporating dramatic interpretations of the songs that , while not as vocally exhilarating as Broadway , makes this transition more cinematically palatable .
While there 's some value in making a slavish adaptation of a near-universally beloved stage musical , sticking to all the trappings of the play is a sure path to making the film feel like a translation rather than a similarly inspired production .
Offers proof yet again that the Hollywood musical has become almost a lost art , like lye soap and cursive handwriting .
The first 45 minutes of Les Misérables is kind of a mess . It is choppy , the music kind of terrible and nothing makes much sense but once it clicks it becomes an emotional roller coaster . This movie is epic in every sense of the word .
An ambitious but satisfying cinematic journey built upon a sense of grandeur -- albeit one coated with alternating layers of grime and tear-jerking emotion
A perfect film for a Pez dispenser set : A gallery of big famous faces that deliver fleeting bursts of energy ... but these moments dissolve , giving us nothing much to chew on .
Jackman is in his element here , mastering the space where acting and singing meet head on .
No one expects gutsy filmmaking in a musical . But that 's just what King 's Speech Oscar winner Tom Hooper delivers in Les Misérables . Damn the imperfections , it 's perfectly marvelous .
This is n't a great movie musical , but it 's a good one , with a couple of truly transcendent performances .
British director Tom Hooper could be heading back to the Oscars , along with his stars Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway , with this remarkably affecting and resourceful screen adaptation of the popular pop opera .
Likely to be this year 's biggest inspiration for tears shed in movie theaters , Les Misérables is a suitably tender , sad and stirring adaptation of the beloved stage musical .
Beneath the moving acting , soaring music , and powerful images is a story . And what a story .
Among the very best recent adaptations of great stage musicals .
Les Misérables sings so desperately for its Oscar supper , it makes you want to scoop it up in your arms like Jean Valjean cradling the wretched Fantine .
While successfully `` opening up '' the musical far beyond the limitations of a theater-bound production , Hooper retains its heart and soul .
We expected more . A lot more .
A productive experiment , an epic-scaled weepie , an exercise in sincere kitsch , and , perhaps too easily dismissed , a rare modern movie about the wretched poor , a traditional subject of interest at this time of year .
Hooper and the cast do get at the beating heart of the play and ultimately provide the kind of cathartic experience that continues to make the -LSB- musical -RSB- a favorite .
Les Mis is so bombastic , emotionally hollow and loud , let alone desperate to make us choke up , that we stagger out of the theater feeling like we 've been stormed as mercilessly as the barricade .
Hooper bets heavily on his cast , and mostly wins .
While nothing will be as powerful as seeing it live on stage , Hooper directs the film with a straight forward brashness that shows a brave faith in his actors and the material .
Hooper has chosen to embrace the theatricality of his project - in which there is almost no spoken dialogue - with full enthusiasm .
It 's worth seeing the movie for Hathaway alone .
I found it humorless -LRB- yes , I know it 's called Les Miserables , but did it have to include the audience ? -RRB- , unaffecting and absolutely interminable .
I did n't like it .
A musical with overwhelming theatricality trusted to a cast at best sporadically capable of performing their parts on the multiple levels necessary to actually do their jobs right .
Earnest enough to verge on parody , but so sumptuous most audiences wo n't care a jot .
There 's an alchemy in -LSB- Hooper 's -RSB- Les Misérables that brings together the best of screen and the best of stage ...
Given the stage musical 's immense popularity , there is a built-in audience for this that knows the story and wo n't care about narrative issues , such as a lack of focus and a running time that stretches beyond two-and-a-half hours .
The best movie musical in over a decade ; what a musical like this should be - unabashed , unashamed emotion painted in vibrant , broad colors across a massive screen .
This is an unforgettable movie going experience , sure to garner multiple Oscar nominations .
... framing that cuts off the top of young Cosette 's head , close ups so insistent the focus puller must have ulcers and a camera that moves in to the underside of Hathaway 's chin while Fantine lies dying .
If you think a musical ca n't make you feel something , or if on-the-nose lyrics can never resonate , Les Miserables is the movie to change your mind .
A lush , engaging take on the tale , filled with strong performances of both the musical and the dramatic variety .
... a Les Miserables inspired by Christina Aguilera 's `` Voice , '' for better and for worse .
A punishing movie adaptation from director Tom Hooper that may very well prove to be the ` adult ' equivalent of the Twilight series .
Hathaway is a lock to win the Supporting Actress Oscar . Bank on it .
Instead of cheering and wiping away tears at the end , it leaves one deflated as he or she ponders the ways this translation has gone wrong .
The moist-eyed storybook romanticism of the source material proves resilient to -LSB- Hooper 's -RSB- efforts .
Director Tom Hooper piles one terrible decision upon another , with the result being a movie so overbearingly maudlin and distorted that it 's one of 2012 's most excruciating film experiences .
` Les Misérables ' delivers stunning moments , but there is more pomp and circumstance than needed heart and soul .
Having a cast of superb actors was more important to Hooper than casting a team of great singers ; but make no mistake , there is n't a second grade singer among them
Tony-award winning musical delivers everything at its creative peak - drama , performance , filmmaking and the language of music that delivers its message like no other . An emotional tour de force .
Tom Hooper 's adaptation of Les Misérables touches greatness more often than most of the movies released in the past calendar year , which is why it 's so disappointing whenever the film returns to its more frequent state of being : pretty good .
Anguished , unrestrained , relentlessly amplified , it 's a uniquely overwhelming , even exhausting extravaganza .
Adeptly but unimaginatively directed by Tom Hooper .
For all its grand , overblown designs , there are some genuinely engaging surprises . Helena Bonham Carter and Sacha Baron Cohen are a riot .
I feel like one of those reality show judges , sadly grimacing as I deliver the news . Audience boos me . How could I not like this ? After all , everybody 's TRYING SO HARD !!!!
Hooper has managed to suck the life out of a magnificent production , draining the blood of bread-pilfering Jean Valjean into a port-a-loo of tedium .
Hooper gives us a one of a kind , immersive cinema experience that is a feast for the eyes , ears and the heart .
While it may be a landmark for musical lovers , proves that this genre of film may be the hardest to cross over to the rest of us .
While it 's only drawback may be it 's lack of abiity to win over reluctant viewers , `` Les Miserables '' has so much to offer a fan of musical cinema that it easily is one of the best films of 2012 .
Major awards nominations , big box office bucks and well-pleased crowds are a certainty .
This fake-opulent Les Miz made me long for guillotines ...
It 's hard to resist the movie 's wrenching sense of intimacy .
Because it 's `` Les Miz , '' and it 's ... AAAAAWEsome !
As exhaustive and definitive as fans could ask for , this heavyweight musical will enrapture fans and prove impressive to the uninitiated , also .
Overall , you might just be wrecked and need a hug . Be generous with any naysayers and spread your arms wide ; they 'll be weeping too .
Tom Hooper 's problem is soiling good projects with bad direction . Even if his Les Misérables wins as many Oscars as The King 's Speech did , it 's a habit he really needs to correct .
Les Misérables is as sodden as a tear-filled hankie . Director Hooper gets bogged down by the bulk of his movie .
A sweeping , musical spectacle filled with wonderful performances and a keen political awareness .
Les Miserables is a beautiful work , but a highly flawed one , and despite many moments of sheer transcendence , the film as a whole falls short of greatness .
It is enormous and sprawling and not the slightest bit subtle . But at the same time it 's hard not to admire the ambition that drives such an approach ...
After Hathaway 's early high point , it starts to feel numbing ...
Hugh Jackman , Anne Hathaway and the excellent cast make `` Les Misérables '' an enjoyable film even for people that are n't fans of musicals .
Hooper 's Les Miserables is a game changer . Cinematic musicals wo n't pass muster unless they 're aiming for this new gold standard .
The result is performances that are raw , real and devastating in their emotional punch .
This is a wonderful film , an all-time-great musical , guaranteed -- despite its title -- to raise your spirits , as well as make you cry .
You can not help but applaud Hooper for this brave attempt , which will probably please fans of Glee and Susan Boyle everywhere .
The tasteless bombardment that is Les Misérables would , under most circumstances , send audiences screaming from the theater , but the film is going to be a monster hit and award winner , and not entirely unjustly .
Three cheers for a sentimental musical about forgiveness , freedom , and love that brings tears to our eyes in unison with others !
One would be hard-pressed to describe this , despite the wealth of beauty on display , as anything but an ugly film , shot and cut ineptly .
When it all comes down to the singing , the communication of these grand , sweeping passions in song , ` Les Miserables ' connects and connects and connects again , and on that level , it has to be called a triumph .
Audiences new to Boubil & Schoenberg 's stage musical - based on Victor Hugo 's novel of historical fiction - may be surprised to discover that the wooly narrative as compelling as they imagined it might be .
Les Mis is also uplifting and the opposite of a miserable experience . In fact it should be called Le Magnifique .
An epic story of love , death and disappointment set against a backdrop of French Revolution .
A five-star movie musical extravaganza that hums with the spirit of Victor Hugo 's classic novel and the landmark stage show upon which it 's based .
a maudlin act of white-noise desperation , underscored by director Tom Hooper 's inability to discern the difference between quiet and loud - not just musically , but as a storyteller and dramatist .
Les Misérables is ... shellacked with appropriate levels of grimy grandeur . It 's designed to make us feel every emotion fortissimo - because pianissimo is so 1862 .
Not only is Les Miserables a great film , but it is now the textbook example of how to adapt a musical for the screen , all the while maintaining an utterly straight face . Glorious .
For fans , this is exactly how the story of Jean Valjean 's transformation from thief to saint should be delivered : smothered in bombast
Tom Hooper has created an unprecedented musical experience , a powerful and unforgettable showstopper of a film .
If you are a fan of this show , you 'll likely lose your mind at this film . If you merely like the story , there is an ineffable quality to Hugh Jackman 's performance that just about makes suffering through the singing worth it .
Will send the devoted home happy and likely demonstrate to the few uninitiated what all the fuss is about .
The squalor and upheaval of early 19th-century France are conveyed with a vividness that would have made Victor Hugo proud , heightened by the raw , hungry intensity of the actors ' live oncamera vocals .
This dramatic musical contains some powerful moments , hovering between politics and art , theater and cinema , but not really successful as a whole .
By the end , you feel like a piñata on the dancefloor : empty , in bits , the victim of prolonged assault by killer pipes .
As the enduring success of this property has shown , there are large , emotionally susceptible segments of the population ready to swallow this sort of thing , but that does n't mean it 's good .
Never cared much for `` Les Mis '' back when every girl in class had to sing `` Castle on a Cloud '' at the talent show and while I still do n't , the movie is an immensely impressive production .
Broadway longevity notwithstanding , ` Les Misérables ' is not a great musical . But the current screen version could have been so much better if real singers were used instead of box office draws like Jackman and Crowe .
Well , sorry , but if this stuff does n't get you going , your heart must be pumping cold porridge .

@highlight

Impeccably mounted but occasionally bombastic , Les Misérables largely succeeds thanks to bravura performances from its distinguished cast .