How much you like Life As We Know It greatly depends on your tolerance of Katherine Heigl .
Josh Duhamel props up Heigl and makes this wildly uneven comedy her best rom-com since `` Knocked Up . ''
Sure , we know where the story is headed but a few funny scenes and the chemistry between the two leads make this a solid date movie .
while there is some chemistry between -LSB- the leads -RSB- , it 's wasted as the shambolic plot gives them nowhere to go .
Life As We Know It is Studio Filmmaking As We Fear It .
A half-decent , half-trite , mostly mediocre bowl of mushy strained baby food .
If you have a taste for poop and projectile-vomit jokes , you 'll find some chuckles ... but do n't go out of your way to hire a babysitter .
The core idea of the film is as off-putting as the way in which the premise is depicted .
It does nothing new , offers nothing new , attempts nothing new , a formula picture from beginning to end .
Genuinely heartfelt and surprisingly effective in the departments of both laughs and tears , and represents an uptick in the notably declining career of star Katherine Heigl .
full review at Movies for the Masses
As cheerily banal and smilingly forgettable as its slice-of-life comic-strip title . Should really be called Bringing Up Baby in Bourgeois-Land . This is n't a realistic , romantic , or comic family anyone should give a baby-poop about .
The only reason I gave this two stars is because director Greg Berlanti has a knack for directing a bevy of babies .
The film should end a half-hour earlier than it does , but I guess we needed another film in which someone brings their disruptive kid to work or another scene where a desperate lover rushes through an airport .
In lieu of any real humour , we are subjected to a parade of tired spew-and-poo baby jokes and the age-old odd couple scenario , which Heigl and Duhamel admittedly handle nicely despite a flat script .
Every now and then a movie that promises to be an absolute car wreck , actually is n't .
There are way too many nappy and baby spit jokes and not much more . The novice parent has been a cinema staple for years , but this one is lame . It makes Kindergarten Cop seem profound .
The two leads are attractive but I 'm constantly irritated by the characters that Heigl takes on , they are not unintelligent but they 're stupid .
This brisk , completely predictable confection does have one worthwhile nod to realism : Sophie takes in The Wiggles , The Wonder Pets and has Leonardo the Terrible Monster in her library . That rings true in a way Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel never will .
Despite the film 's initial overloading of suburban stereotypes , the easy gags about promiscuity , baby vomit and nappy changing gradually give way to a pretty decent , if strictly formulaic , yarn about commitment and unexpected life changes .
The whole thing just gets by as a crowd-pleaser , mainly due to the work of Duhamel , who does have enough charm to make the appalling appealing .
Pure Hollywood corn , saccharine and sour by turns .
This is the first produced script from the writers and they find more flexibility in this story than I expected . There is space for depth , drama and real life .
Life an unexpected delight .
Never deviates from the romantic comedy guidebook . It delivers exactly what you would expect , and nothing further ; tears , laughter , romance , and plenty of cute baby moments , awkwardly wrapped in a tragic situation .
Even if the film is n't worth recommending , it 's not nearly as bad as it deserves to be .
It would take a much better director than Greg Berlanti to animate this corpse ...
In yet another twist on the relationship and baby happiness formula , this predictable and formulaic Hollywood rom com chick flick has some fun moments , despite its occasionally cloying storyline based in the plastic never-land of fake reality
Life As We Know It could be one of Holly 's bakery confections ; a festival of quirk around the edges and a hole in the middle .
Imagine if Josh Brolin and Josh Hartnett joined these two on screen . It would be a virtual Josh-a-thon .
Certainly the story is contrived in places and the tone only just manages to resurface after an early plunge , but if you 're willing to go along with it and get involved , you 'd have to have a heart of stone not to be at least a little charmed .
It 's easy to become cynical about a certain brand of funny-sad familial comedies like Life as We Know It .
When the entire movie is predictable , clichéd , and routine , what 's the point in going out to see it ? Hint : there is none .
May please romantic comedy fans but Heigl and the plot are downers ; Duhamel escapes with his career intact .
We keep seeing Heigl 's potential as a fine comic actress and , the curse of optimism , continue to be disappointed when she betrays her best instincts .
It 's not as bad as it sounds . It 's much worse .
As `` meet-cute '' scenarios go , it 's one of the more sick and twisted ones out there , not least because it takes all of 30 seconds for the film to forget about Holly and Messer 's grief and embrace the hilarity of poop-filled nappy montages .
A bland , overlong , unfunny and forgettable romantic comedy that appeals to the lowest common denominator .
I truly loathed just about every second of Life as We Know It .
It bravely explores untapped comedy wells such as how kids are expensive , how men hate changing nappies , and how single women fancy single men with babies .
The real surprise is how this done-to-death love story hooks you and keeps you riveted until the Hollywood happy-ending melts the whole thing down .
Shallow yet sweetly sentimental , it 's a mildly amusing date movie ... not exactly fresh yet not completely rotten .
The title becomes a depressingly self-fulfilling prophecy : This is movie life as we have all come to know it .
Sporadically watchable yet utterly disposable ...
A potentially touching drama compromised by rom-com routine and defined by the type of sparks that rocks give off when clashed together often enough .
It 's not that baby comedies are n't a legitimate popcorn genre . But by comparison , this sleepwalk through pre-fab family-life makes Look Who 's Talking and Three Men and a Baby look like art .
Watching Duhamel and Heigl discover the joys and pains of parenthood is cute as far as it goes , but their story ca n't progress too far until the kid is out of diapers .
The movie pulls at your heart strings and takes some unexpected detours before arriving at a happy ending . This harmless , inoffensive movie is like junk food that provides a wellspring of comfort and warmth . Newlyweds planning a family will get a. . .
Note to Hollywood : If a movie like Life As We Know It needs diaper gags to make us laugh , you 're in trouble .
Only intermittently irritating -LRB- especially the opening ten minutes -RRB- , this star vehicle for Katherine Heigl eventually , with some solid emotional battering , warmed up the cockles of my heart .
It aims for comfort food , but ends up with leftovers .
Yes , there are some twists , a nice comedic turn or two , but the inevitable hook-up of dueling opposites is never anything but inevitable .
I 'm a sucker for babies , puppies and hot men . `` Life as We Know It '' has two out of three , so what more can a girl ask for ?
My pet peeve about comedy trailers comes into play when they reveal all the best lines or situations , so there 's virtually nothing left when the full length feature comes around . Such is the case here .
As disposable as one of those diapers .
The plot goes through motions that will be tiresomely familiar to anyone who saw Baby Boom , Three Men And A Baby , Raising Waylon or dozens of other movies about unplanned parenthood .
If you thought things could only get better following Killers and The Ugly Truth , you 're in for a nasty surprise .
Sweet but not sappy , knowing but not cynical and familiar enough to satisfy but different enough to keep us on our toes .
It 's all a bit pat , but it 's cute , especially considering the state of the genre .
Predictable romcom explores mature aspects of parenting .
Peculiarly ruthless , it kills off a perfectly nice set of parents and orphans an adorable infant so the dead couple 's best friends can find love ; this blood sacrifice seems like a pretty extreme set-up for a couple of hours of sitcom cuteness ...
It?s not terrible . Indeed , it?s actually alright . It?s a note of hope that , just maybe , Heigl and Duhamel?s careers won?t be defined by their work of the past 3 or 4 years
While set-ups for rom-coms are usually all too predictable , this one 's never been done before . Inventive ? Sort of . Believable ? Not on your life . A shame , since the delightful leads deserved better .
`` Life As We Know It '' is not one of the best rom-coms out there , but it will suffice for a couple hour escape giving you a few laughs along the way .
-LSB- P -RSB- retends to be something hip and fresh and is in fact relentlessly conventional , even retrograde ... American , land of the meanspirited romantic comedy !
There is not a single deviation from formula .
Cloying and at times annoying , Life as We Know It is egregiously manipulative , whoring itself out for a few unearned tears .
Thanks to smart casting and sharp direction this story of a mismatched pair thrown together to parent an orphaned baby is really quite funny and heartfelt .
Cue baby-based farce and all the romcom clichés you can eat .
`` Life '' , in this context , is pushing it . How about instead `` desperate contrivance that unites two people who thought they hated each other '' ?
This is just a waste of time .
If innocuous entertainment , amiable enough while it lasts but forgettable beyond , has a place in life as you know it , then Life As We Know It will have a place in your heart .
Life As We Know It is life as we 've seen it in movies too many times before .
Just like the clunker you end up buying and liking in spite of everything , Life As We Know It gets you there . Exactly where is hard to say , but chances are you wo n't regret making the journey .
Basically , this is The Taming of the Shrew with an adorable-baby twist that never occurred to William Shakespeare .
Whose life are we talking about , exactly ?
There 's clearly no reason to watch this movie , and I 'm not suggesting you should . I was just glad it did n't make geysers of blood spurt from my ears , that 's all .
The movie?s efforts to add gravity to its lightweight genre via depictions of grief and parenting doubts come off as glib and disingenuous .
A romance flares up , and even the jokes , already sluggish , seem to reach even further toward the obsolete .
Life As We Know It avoids most of the romantic comedy traps .
All that?s missing from this feature-length sitcom is a laugh track , everything working on prepared beats and notes that are so overly familiar and obvious they?re downright freeze-dried .
It 's not horrible , it 's just so formulaic and predictable , and has a hard time juggling the comedy , romance , tragedy and general drama that it ends up being only a bit more enjoyable than spending time with a cranky baby . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
It 's enough to make me give up on Heigl .
This is crap as we know it , a 113 minute package of romcom suck .
Goo goo gag gag .
Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel have an appealing chemistry , but Life as We Know It is tripped up by awkwardly fusing a familiar sitcom scenario with a tragic premise .
Only the baby actors are spontaneous .
Life As We Know It contains what has to be the most unappetizing setup in romantic comedy history .
What are two particularly engaging performers doing in a dump of a comedy like this ?
Standard-issue rom-com
Every moment , however seemingly haphazard and casually presented , is keyed to the progress of a young man from lost to not so lost .
Life As We Know it is Ok , its a chick flick ... Its a Katherine Heigl Movie ...
In case you have n't seen Katherine Heigl play uptight , quirky and terminally single often enough , another chance awaits in Greg Berlanti 's awkward slapstick/melodrama mash-up .
I did n't laugh once at any of this trite , sentimental gunk ...
Duhamel hits that sweet spot between eye candy and everydude as well as any actor working today , and his easy charm rubs off on Heigl .
Should really be called ` Life As Formulaic Movies Show It ' ... nothing more than a second-rate sitcom stretched to unconscionable length by , among other devices , probably the largest number of musical montages in ... history .
With pratfalls and teardrops , the film swings from sitcom to sit-dram .
If Stephen King wrote a romantic comedy , this would be it .
Greg Berlanti 's second film is more drama than romantic comedy -- and a good drama at that . The plot 's not the only thing that offers something unexpected .
What you may not expect is quite how satisfying much of the film is , with Duhamel turning out to be a very good sparring partner for Heigl , whose lush , soft exterior conceals a very spiky interior that tends to wilt her co-stars .
In years to come , Life as We Know It may be used as a prime example of `` mediocre '' in Merriam-Webster 's updated dictionary .
Formulaic , shallow and sinfully tedious from start to finish .
The two leads have screen appeal , but the chemistry between them is thin , while the story wavers between hackneyed clichés and incredibility ...
A title as perfunctory as the film it adorns -- perfunctory and bland .
What a horrible premise for a romantic comedy .
The premise is the most interesting thing about it . From there , it 's just bland .
It 's brisk , pleasantly acted , painless . These days , that 's high praise .
Veers not an inch off Hollywood 's well-worn rom-com path .
The supporting cast serves up enough small moments of surprise to keep this formula flick from falling flat .
Smooshing lips , no problem . Everything else , alas , falls in the category of badly written , badly acted , or a stultifying combination of both
Pity any poor kid stuck in a house like that . Pity , too , anyone who has to stop by for a visit .
The Heigl/Duhamel hostilities are so persuasive their entire movie balls itself up into a shrill domestic nightmare .
This exercise in cynical formulaic movie construction is best avoided , unless insomnia 's been a problem .
Life as We Know It turns into a reasonably honest consideration of what it might mean to have to honor the dead by raising their living , breathing , pooping , screaming progeny .
Credulity is stretched throughout .
The actors are fully invested in the charade , even if the movie that surrounds them is not .
A sweet and warm comedy that always brings its focus back to the laughs even when dealing with very real and serious relationship issues .
100 minutes of dirty-diaper gags , baby puke , unfunny squabbling , and the inevitable dénouement .
This is a change from what audiences have come to expect from the usual Heigl vehicle . She 's quicker-witted and warmer than usual here , and she keeps Duhamel on his toes , even when the storyline drags its feet .
You can?t open a diaper and expect a diamond .
Sometimes I suspect there is secret high-stakes contest in Hollywood among filmmakers to try and come up with a movie without a single original idea . If so , Life As We Know It is a contender ...
So anyway , what happens in Life As We Know It ? You 'll never guess in a million years . Never .
I nearly sobbed at the funeral scene , sullen in the knowledge that I?d spend the next 90-plus minutes watching a painfully forced romance emerge .
Another romantic comedy starring Katherine Heigl ; should you prepare for more of the same ? Yes , but surprisingly , in this case , more of the same isn?t all that bad .
Funnier and darker than you might expect , although the tone fluctuates wildly enough to seriously disorientate .
You could write this one in your sleep .
An utterly predictable romantic comedy about Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel having to cope with a newly-orphaned baby .
Heigl and Duhamel hit the mark and strike up an easy rapport , making them a pleasant enough pair to spend two hours with . Do n't expect the film to leave a lasting impression , though , it 's as shallow as they come .
Cute boy and girl opposites meet and fall in love after their best friends die and leave them in charge of raising their orphaned daughter . Adorable .
Heigl 's always watchable and it 's a pleasantly undemanding effort even if it 's premise is worryingly close to the 2004 TV film Raising Waylon .
The film stacks the odds of the audience caring about Heigl and Duhamel against a narrative vacuum that favors eye candy and cheap effect over emotional logic .
Its familiar story passes with nothing to distinguish itself from the many other similarly plotted movies and sitcoms .
Baby love begets grown-up love in this formulaic but intermittently charming rom-com about mismatched careerists whose best-laid plans are abruptly derailed by an orphaned infant .
A snappy and funny performance by Katherine Heigl is the best reason to see this romantic comedy
Aspiring to combine comedy , tragedy , and romance into a deep-meaning treatise on the prettiest and happiest white people you 've ever seen , `` Life as We Know It '' is less than it pretends to be .
A comedy as disposable -- and stinky -- as loaded Pampers .
Berlanti 's irreality -- following the cutesy script by Ian Deitchman and Kristin Rusk Robinson -- results in a synthetic vision of life that is , essentially , an appeasement of the pre-fab , bourgeois status quo .
It?s difficult not to sound like a bitter heterosexual man while writing a pan of this odious picture , but Heigl has a way of making modern love feel like a stint inside an iron maiden .
Actually rather enjoyable , thanks to strong performances from the two leads and a formulaic but effective script that pushes all the right buttons .
For every moment the screenplay by Ian Deitchman and Kristin Rusk Robinson gets right , there are two more to make you cringe in embarrassment .
It 's a sorry state of affairs when Katherine Heigl is the closest approximation of a screwball-ready actor that contemporary mainstream movies can offer .
The feminine fantasies Berlanti seemingly seeks to stoke are undercut by a vibe thats weirdly misogynistic .
This mildly enjoyable romantic comedy is a step in the right direction for star -LRB- and producer -RRB- Katherine Heigl , who enjoys nice rapport with Josh Duhamel , but the writing is too formulaic and not fresh enough .
Despite the stars ' warm chemistry , Life As We Know It is an involving but ultimately mediocre mixture of domestic melodrama and opposites-attract romantic comedy .
Life demonstrates quite a lot about the state of this genre as we know it -- and by that unexacting measure , anyway , it 's better than most .
Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel do make for very attractive leads while bringing plenty of vitality to thinly written roles .
It 's rather cute and sweet , in a sickly sort of way . But that 's no longer adequate .

@highlight

Katherine Heigl and Josh Duhamel make a charming couple with plenty of chemistry , but that is n't enough to make up for Life as We Know It 's formulaic plot and poorly written script .