full review in Greek
This is an affair to forget .
Attal taps into that unexpectedness -- the inability of just one person to captain the course of a relationship no matter how hard they try -- and he plays it for all it 's worth .
Gets bogged down in midlife-crisis cliches .
There are a few quality moments , but this fairy tale is far from enchanting .
Whatever points screenwriter/director Attal is trying to make about relationship envy get lost as the marital conflicts become more contrived and shrill .
Attal does n't illuminate Vincent 's motives for straying , and unwisely suggests Vincent 's philandering and Gabrielle 's daydreaming are somehow morally equivalent .
In a world filled with empty lust and marital discord , Yvan Attal 's wistful comedy is about a guy who loves his wife .
Attal knows that no matter how adult we feel when we say , ` I do , ' marriage is all child 's play : jealousy , lies and pure , unconditional love . Perplexing , but not a bad option .
There 's nothing much wrong with the film ; my complaint is that there 's nothing much right about it .
The story in the French Happily Ever After is about as exciting as that bland , mistranslated title . But the filmmaking ? Very exciting .
Happily Ever After is never as insightful or as funny as Woody at his best . But the film has a fine-tuned approach to human behavior .
A sour , grating comedy-drama about fidelity and infidelity among the Parisian bourgeoisie ... certainly wo n't send you home with a smile on your face .
Attal is creative in crafting cinematic mood , using focus and camera movements to subtly but deftly enhance and even anticipate emotions .
A meditation on the joys and frustrations of monogamy that manages to be a diverting and funny character study at least most of the time .
Whether any of them will live happily ever after is a question you 're left pondering long after this challenging film comes to a close .
This is a fetching piece of work , both comical and savvy , and Gainsborough 's brisk , forward intelligence rescues Gabrielle from snags of marital self-pity .
It 's French . It 's sexy . It 's got a killer soundtrack .
If this is director Attal 's attempt to dive into the complex world of marriages , he barely swam past the shoreline .
A tremendously provocative date movie for couples brave enough to face each other afterward .
Attal has a way of interweaving his characters ' real lives and inner thoughts into the fabric of his film in inventive and engaging ways .
... But , for the most part , Attal 's psychological insights and his skill with actors ... draw us into the characters ' lives , in ways that are never less than sympathetic .
The main reason to see it is to witness a fine lady making the most of what she 's been given to play .
Like the story , the camerawork in Happily Ever After is loose , fluid and intent on discovery ; it lets characters ' moments together and alone unfurl easily and casually in a way that Hollywood seems to want to avoid like failure .
If you ever get a chance to see Happily Ever After at any venue and in any form , drop everything and see it .
This look at the assorted struggles of modern hetero coupledom gives off a distinctly moldy aroma .
The picture is neither comedy nor drama but an irridescent blending of the two , like the complex sky of a Turner painting .
There 's very little wit , charm or even energy on display .
None of these men , unfortunately , is a very compelling character .
A frothy , amusing Parisian romantic comedy .
Attal 's characters are one-note position statements , which forces the unsubtle soundtrack ... to bear the brunt of clarifying their thoughts and feelings .
There 's little you have n't seen in any number of French flicks , but then , most of them did n't have Gainsbourg .
This is terrific filmmaking .
Bereft of the meta elements that characterized the filmmaker 's previous My Wife Is An Actress .
A delightful French film about the different shades of love and lust as experienced by a married couple and the husband 's two best friends .
Scenes of impressive subtlety and thoughtfulness centering around the pensive Gabrielle -LSB- Charlotte Gainsbourg -RSB- are overshadowed by the antics of the middle-aged men .
Anyone who watches Yvan Attal 's breezy , skin-deep sex comedy can identify with the grass-is-always-greener daydreams that haunt its characters .
If there is any doubt as to whether French cinema is in a state of free fall , Yvan Attal 's Happily Ever After should put such uncertainties to rest .
The repetitiveness is eased only in those sequences when Johnny Depp , Anouk Aimee and Claude Berri make cameo appearances .
It is too bad that the -LSB- scenes that do work -RSB- remain only fleeting -- almost furtive -- glances into the lives of the characters , and are not part of a coherent and properly focused story .



@highlight

Though this French film features good acting , it lacks the wit and charm one would expect to see .