A solid and inspiring story about faith and family .
A well-intentioned , big-hearted , wannabe-crowd-pleaser that just happens to be so incompetently made that it might be rejected by Oprah 's channel .
The best faith-based film ever made , an uplifting , entertaining and wonderfully-acted account of surfer Bethany Hamilton 's life before and after a shark bit her arm off in the waters off her favorite Hawaiian beach .
All that separates this from made-for-TV territory is another strong turn from gifted young lead AnnaSophia Robb .
A well-meaning , handsomely staged biopic of the top Hawaii-based surfing star Bethany Hamilton who lost her arm to a shark in 2003 at the age of 13 ...
It 's ultimately let down by some heavy-handed sentimentality , an over-abundance of Bible-bashing and some dodgy CGI sequences .
Essential viewing for any injured armed forces veteran or contender for next year 's Paralympics .
Sure , the film has its mawkish moments , but it 's a remarkable , well-intentioned tale that deserves to ride its wave rather than to wipe out on it .
The film is sincere and even a little sanctimonious in the way it depicts Hamilton 's family , strong Christian values and work with post-tsunami orphans in Phuket .
Clearly Bethany was quite a girl but this film prompts one simply to say `` Amen '' .
With a tale this strong , what could go wrong ? Pretty much everything , as it turns out , with the story buffeted into oblivion by a tidal wave of syrup .
The film that follows is thin and frothy , though watch out for that final sentimental upsurge . It could drag and lift you against your will .
It 's clear that Quaid learned nothing from Jaws 3 .
A surf film employing massive amounts of CG is incredible for all the wrong reasons .
In the end , the platitudes take over completely , but the inspirational story is still worth telling .
Unless you like your inspiration in heavy-handed doses , you might be better off watching the real thing - on YouTube .
A succession of would-be rousing clichés .
An amazing true story for sure , but this earnest dramatisation is so wholesome , it feels like being stuck in a never-ending Activia advert .
Inspiring true story wipes out on underdog clichés and waves of melodramatic Hollywood cheese .
Faith-based ... With its sports-movie structure and Hollywood production values , Soul Surfer is a creditable crossover picture ; it just could 've done with more nuance . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Like Bethany 's sunshine filled life , once a great white takes the talented girl 's left arm , the film takes a dramatic turn in both tone and artistic execution .
Hamilton 's story is a human one with spiritual underpinnings , yet to the detriment of the inherent drama , the filmmaker tells it the other way around .
Beyond the Hollywood gloss and PG rating , there is no denying the power of this gritty true story about a teenage champion surfer who defies the odds to get back on her surfboard and win again after losing her arm in a shark attack
It would be a lie to say that this movie rises above sports film clichés .
As inspiring as expected .
Soul Surfer seems simply too sugar-coated to be true .
Ah , paradise -- the opening credits end and Bethany heads out of the water to church , a tent on the beach where Carrie Underwood is singing . Wait ! Carrie Underwood ?
Director Sean McNamara 's relentlessly shiny , happy outlook crosses the line between believable and artificial by about the 10-minute mark
... an inspiring story , extremely well told .
An uplifting and utterly traditional exploration of faith in the face of death that also happens to have some terrific surfing footage and Carrie Underwood .
This would have made a better documentary than a live-action re-creation . Still , ` Soul Surfer , ' despite its flaws , tells the real-life inspirational story of Bethany Hamilton , a professional surfer who lost her arm in a shark attack .
The brazenly cheap look to the special effects sends the film into MST3K territory , and it 's certainly the most hilariously awful surprise attack by a shark since Samuel L. Jackson got devoured by one in Deep Blue Sea .
The film offers motivational catch phrases instead of any real insights into Hamilton 's character or the religion that the film constantly reminds us is so central to her life .
Robb makes an appealing screen presence ; the dodgy effects work on her shape-changing stump ? Not so much .
The movie glides by easily -- like surfing looks -- which is the result of genuine and strong filmmaking craft .
It may seem overly brave and religious but remember it is a true story .
An inspiring story about the amazing Bethany Hamilton , with some terrifc surfing footage . Why oh why did it have to be drenched in Disney Channel Cheery ?
Soul Surfer is a rare film these days , truly heartwarming and inspirational . The performances are wonderful and true and the movie itself is exciting and lovely to look at . It 's a perfect family film .
This inspiring movie about courage and faith offers a wonderful role model for everyone -- not just teenage girls .
You wonder why this movie is n't a documentary , rather than a synthetic feature film with the heroine 's arm digitally removed .
Hamilton is played , blandly , by Anna Sophia Robb , and her devoted parents , less bland , are played by Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt . The surfing footage , much of it shot off the coast of Kauai , is not bland at all .
On-the-nose dramatically but marked by invested-in performances , feel-good movie of genial deification Soul Surfer should play quite well in Red State rural and suburban areas .
Slick , visually exciting , inspirational Christian drama based on the true comeback story of a teen surfer who loses her arm to a shark .
It 's Bethany and Alana 's friendship - its sturdiness and vulnerability , its laughs and sincere apologies - that rules the day .
A by-the-numbers biopic about young surfer Bethany Hamilton .
For plenty of family viewers , this film will catch a wave .
An inspiring tale , even when true , does n't necessarily make for an inspiring movie .
Surprisingly I came out of Soul Surfer without that sticky sweet feeling you get from too much schmaltz and only a strong desire to see AnnaSophia Robb in more moves and Carrie Underwood in far fewer .
There are good stories and there are good movies . Soul Surfer is a good story .
Earnest sports biopic tugs at heart despite cliches .
Although the question of why God allows bad things to happen is sometimes handled clumsily , it is approached sincerely , and it clearly points to the difference faith can make .
Should be especially engrossing to young girls eager for purposeful role models and be especially appealing to parents seeking wholesome but not inane entertainment for their daughters .
Feels like a TV movie , something you 'd see on Lifetime or WE - with the exception of the surfing footage itself .
Robb delivers an intensity and ferocity that would make Kobe Bryant quake in his sneakers , which makes up for a simple story and film .
The film is not perfect - the narration is unnecessary , the surfing special effects look cheap and Carrie Underwood is unsteady in her cameo - but it 's moving , anyway .
Given the heroic subject , the movie is as thrilling as a dish of rice pudding , a made-for-TV-style effort that rides a wave of religious sentiment into theatres .
The swells of inspirational storytelling sometimes threaten to swamp the underlying inspirational story .
The flaw in the storytelling strategy of `` Soul Surfer '' is that it does n't make Bethany easy to identify with . She 's almost eerie in her optimism . Her religious faith is so unshaken , it feels taken for granted .
Shamelessly pandering to the elusive Christian family audience , a committee of 18 producers and seven writers has removed nearly every trace of grit from this airbrushed portrait .
Its presumed audience would be surfing enthusiasts , teenage girls , and religious conservatives - particularly Christians - who wish to see a movie reflecting their values .
It 's a compelling tale of surf and survival .
Does nearly everything you expect it to , but it does it more likably and satisfyingly than you might think it would .
Its bubbling optimism and spectacular scenery are hard not to like .
... incredibly satisfying -LRB- and surprisingly suspenseful -RRB- ...
Whether or not the theatrical arena was the appropriate medium with which to tell Bethany Hamilton 's story is up for debate , but it is nonetheless one that deserved to be told .
Bethany 's determination and faith are remarkable . It 's too bad this movie made a brave young woman 's life appear like an unremarkable soap opera .
The surfer 's story is so made-for-cinema that a complete wipeout seems almost impossible . And yet the filmmakers come pretty close .
Sports fine performances from AnnaSophia Robb , Dennis Quaid and Helen Hunt .
As a portrait of a spirited , resilient athlete , the movie succeeds best , unafraid to face its heroine 's daunting challenges directly .
Soul Surfer is the kind of sturdy , satisfying family drama that does n't get made very often anymore . But even beyond that , at crucial moments it shows there 's actually a brain behind the camera .
An earnest family movie that practically drowns in uplift and good intentions .
A movie of easily digestible truths and canned inspirational messages , taking every possible easy route though a story that could have used a few more thorns .
Though it flirts with saccharine Sunday-school uplift , there 's a redeeming core of sincerity in this story of real-life tragedy and perseverance .
like its main character , it really comes alive when it catches the waves .
This is an inspirational sports drama stuffed full of Christian values and CGI that draws the eye in ways both good and bad .
The best moments come when Robb 's all-purpose toughness experiences vulnerable doubt . These moments are flickers , but they 're bright and human .
A solid inspirational story that takes seriously a couple of things often made trivial in popular entertainment : surfing and religion .
Somewhere not far beneath the glossy pop skin of Soul Surfer , the true story of Bethany Hamilton is struggling to get out .
That `` Soul Surfer '' rates as a giant leap for this team speaks well about the conviction the movie 's actors bring to the material as well as the respect afforded the Hamilton family and their faith .
The movie feels emotionally distant , as if director Sean McNamara was so busy setting up gorgeous surfing footage that he forgot to bring the story to the audience .
AnnaSophia Robb is too subdued as the teenage heroine ; one might expect more affect from a young woman fighting to overcome disability and return to competitive surfing .
There 's nothing overtly disastrous about Soul Surfer , and its Christian worldview is , if anything , too timidly touched upon .
Just goes to show that the Gospel is n't always right . Faith clearly does not assure a good movie .
`` Soul Surfer '' aims for the sophisticated true-life uplift of `` 127 Hours , '' but plays more like `` Gigdet Loses an Arm . ''
Hamilton 's life is already uplifting ; there 's no need to add more melodrama .
This movie relies on cheese when it could have striven for heart .
a simpering , insipid wannabe-tearjerker that rings so false it 's amazing that its story is actually true
The true story of a talented Hawaiian surfer who demonstrates great courage in the face of a setback to her dreams and discovers how she is meant to serve .
Plays like a commercial for inspiration . Basic events have been recreated , but actual feeling has been replaced by montage after montage after montage .
There 's a beatific quality to AnnaSophia Robb 's performance as Bethany : it 's as if the character is being canonized onscreen rather than plausibly feeling her way through a massive loss .
What does it mean that this sports melodrama made for tweens shows more craft and heart than most of the year 's grown-up Hollywood fare ?
Soul Surfer takes that story of complex emotions , determination and faith and turns it into overly simplistic mush .
The sincere message -- perseverance is essential when faced with life 's setbacks -- is a good one , but the movie is a bit of a chore to watch .
Soul Surfer , while formulaic in design , is an authentic and heartfelt movie .
Soul Surfer is so spiritually sincere that complaining about its flaws could be an expressway to Hell .
Nearly every conflict is built on market-tested platitudes of empowerment and registers as insincere .
Too bad that no-talent director Sean McNamara and a committee of screenwriters have dumbed down Soul Surfer to a simplistic mishmash of youth fellowship homily and Hawaii tourism ad .
Soul Surfer has enough integrity and surprise to lift it past a few canned moments , creating a substantial film when a cinematic disaster was all but assured .
Sappy melodrama , clumsy dialogue and heavy-handed proselytizing derail the inspirational story of teen surfer Bethany Hamilton .
The true story of one-armed surfer girl Bethany Hamilton keeps its balance in Soul Surfer , a kind-hearted coming-of-age drama with killer waves .
An inspiring true-life story gets a less-than-inspired film dramatization .

@highlight

There 's an amazing true story at the heart of Soul Surfer -- and unfortunately , it 's drowned by waves of Hollywood cheese .