It 's not a great movie , but far exceeds expectation and remains very true to the original film but with a clever African-American slant -LRB- which may actually make it even funnier -RRB- .
It remains a mystery to me how a street-smart , wise-cracking comic of Chris Rock 's pedigree failed to see the laughter limitations of this remake of Frank Oz 's British film , which was equally uninspiring .
While it is n't a shot-for-shot replica , certainly no one can accuse Hollywood of dumbing things down here .
What we end up with here is the most pointless remake since Gus Van Sant made his shot-for-shot remake of `` Psycho '' back in 1998 .
A funny film , but it 's not one that I found myself growing passionate about as I watched .
If the film is so close to the original as to also be pretty much disposable once its over , at least it as well serves up a healthy amount of laughs during its very brief and brisk run time .
A little more tweaking for the actual actor 's voices to come through , instead of trying to put them into pre-concieved places , may have worked better , but on the whole , it 's still an excellent example of how the ensemble comedy should work .
The only scene in which the audience noticeably reacted to the film 's efforts to extract some belly laughs came in the depressingly derivative poo jokes .
... a perfectly watchable piece of work ...
It 's almost a checklist of things I do n't like , but it won me over in its opening minutes and never let go .
The component that stayed mostly the same is the writing , which is bad news to me , since my main beef with the original movie was exactly that .
What will creatively-bankrupt Hollywood think of next ?
Cinema.com : Post-mortem grossout , bawdy bereavement , laugh-out-lewd feces fun and games , and a little gay dwarf tossing as a served up side order of midget mockery . Not a movie to die for . ''
The crackerjack ensemble of actors milks each moment like old vaudeville pros .
The British film was n't much better . But , beleive me , it was easier to watch than this loud mess .
Avoid at all costs .
LaBute and his cast seem to be revelling in the opportunity to indulge in the kind of lazy farce so beloved of unambitious British cinema .
Depends very heavily on the worryingly unfunny idea of accidentally consuming hallucinogenic drugs , though I have to admit there are a few crassly funny moments ...
An undistinguished remake of a crude black comedy .
Overall , it 's better than the original -- although that 's not saying much .
There 's no change to the plot or the thinly sketchy characters . It 's a thoroughly pointless exercise .
What this movie really has going for it is a great cast who manage to make some obvious comedy situations genuinely amusing .
This is a marginal improvement on the mangy 2007 British farce it 's derived from , but it 's still stuck with Dean Craig 's irredeemably crass script , an anchor of unfunniness -LRB- and blatant homophobia -RRB- tied around its legs .
James Marsden probably thought he could do no wrong after Hairspray and Enchanted . But he 's unconvincing as the plot 's inadvertent drug-taker who hallucinates his way through the movie . Ai n't he the lucky one !
Even if Lawrence was selected to play the corpse at the funeral , he 'd have found a way of unleashing his sickly gurning and feral facial expressions to kill any nearby gag .
Even if you 've seen it all before , chances are it 's been a while since you 've seen it done this well . And if you saw the 2007 version , you 've seen it done a lot worse .
Hard to imagine a reason to see this at the cinema ; its natural home is a half-arsed DVD rental accompanied by pizza and the feeling that you owe it to yourself to do better .
With a whole host of America 's leading comedy talent on board , it 's a decidedly hard job hunting for laughs .
Remarkably , the US remake succeeds where the UK original failed , smoothing out the rough edges and mining the material for better laughs , though it 's still not quite as funny as it should have been .
Although it still only just gets away with sundry homophobic and size-ist gags , there 's a tad more zing than the original , though if you caught that already , be warned : this is a scene-for-scene retread .
Dead funny and enjoyable : who 'd have thought it ?
If only LaBute had himself been allowed to rewrite the screenplay in his own inimitably mordant style , it might have been so much sharper and leaner
This American remake of the 2007 UK-set farce is superior in every way .
From what is a fairly big name cast , LaBute gets absolutely nothing out of them , and the narrative is similarly choppy and disjointed . Tracy Morgan is the only actor to come out of the film without his career taking a hit .
a reasonably funny , but considerably less than perfect farce that includes some funny performances , but does n't have a whole lot holding it together .
Death comes to us all , though perhaps never so depressingly slowly as with a 90-minute clubbing over the head by a bad comedy . A deadly dull farce ... a machete-choppy non-buildup of obvious schticks .
A perfectly pleasant piffle , a comedy that fails to produce many big laughs but knows how to parcel out its small ones at an acceptable clip .
... a fairly clean two-bagger ...
But while the bones remain the same the tone just does n't translate , and other than some superbly funny bits here and there this second time around I ca n't say I enjoyed myself near as completely .
I like the cast .
I like this new one mainly because of the cast .
New comedy is like one long sitcom % u2014 without the laughter
This junk fest wastes no time getting down to business : LSD jokes , barren women jokes , sex jokes , naked in public jokes , midget jokes , and poop jokes .
At worst , I thought it would be magnificently unnecessary . Instead , I found it painfully unfunny and tedious .
Rock saddles himself with the thankless straight-man role , when he should be the funniest guy in the room .
it 's never dull or unfunny , but its farcical situations never quite gel into something truly hilarious , either
No tears were allowed at this service , only tears from laughter .
... as funny and enjoyable as the original .
Rock 's interventions ca n't compensate for excessive fealty to dumb gags .
The biggest surprise is that feeble material from three years ago feels even more farcical in the age of Obama .
So strained , noisy and mirthlessly scatological , it 's hard to believe it features Rock and Morgan as opposed to a cast of latex cartoons with Eddie Murphy inside them .
A great cast is wasted in this non-funny comedy that is DOA
-LSB- B -RSB- road , crude , unsubtle remake of the brilliant 2007 British film ... -LSB- T -RSB- he tone is wrong , the pacing is wrong , and the emphasis is in all the wrong places ...
` Death at a Funeral ' is n't always lively .
The ensemble family farce squats awkwardly in cinematic purgatory figuratively , and then very nearly literally during a 10-minute slapstick bathroom scene involving Tracy Morgan and Danny Glover .
It 's not as through and through funny and hilarious as the trailer would make it seem .
With comedians Chris Rock , Martin Lawrence and Tracy Morgan on board , it 's surprising they give the best moments to James Marsden .
The hollow humor is coarsely sexual , crudely scatological slapstick . Do yourself a favor : rent the droll original directed by Frank Oz .
What will creatively-bankrupt Hollywood think of next ? How about a remake of Slumdog Millionaire , only set in an L.A. barrio with an all-Chicano cast ? I should n't give them any ideas .
The who 's who African American cast guarantees there will be no box office funeral for Death at a Funeral .
For a remake , `` Death '' is n't bad at all . The jokes that really worked in the British film are still quite funny here , and the actors chosen for each respective role are pretty perfect counterparts .
Chris Rock and Martin Lawrence wisely leave the funniest parts of this farcical comedy to its strong supporting cast .
This crowd-pleaser is full of hilarious , unexpected surprises and moves at a rapid clip . The reels unspool like a wacky crash course on the many variations of ...
Offers very little new for those who saw the original .
I ca n't say that Death at a Funeral is a perfect film . I ca n't even say that it was entirely necessary . But it is damn entertaining .
Audiences unfamiliar with Frank Oz 's 2007 original film by the same title will find guilty laughs at Neil Labute 's less funny remake .
This Death at a Funeral - even when it 's copying the original gags almost shot for shot - does n't capture the manic intensity of the original film .
That Morgan spends the entire second half of the film covered in feces does n't seem like a commentary on actors wearing blackface -LRB- or Brownface -RRB- while they shuck and jive , but more like honesty about how he probably felt on the set .
This may be the most unnecessary remake since Gus van Sant redid ` Psycho . '
If nothing else , the 2010 Death of a Funeral proves that , in Hollywood , you get a second chance .
There must be a shortage of original ideas in Hollywood for Sony Pictures to remake this stinker .
It 's a purported comedy that features a host of talented performers , but is saddled with a 90 minute running gag , amidst a lame script bearing foul language and gross scenarios .
Over-the-top funeral comedy digs into sex and potty humor .
The humour may be coarse , but the characters -- whatever their quirks -- are not .
So much sameness , yet so fewer laughs .
I did n't like the British original at all . So to say that the American remake is okay is actually a huge improvement . I guess Americans are just better at mediocrity .
Director Neil Labute has crafted a balanced dramedy in which , from start to finish , each talent has a moment in the spotlight .
Think of Death at a Funeral as a comic quickie . As it presses buttons , a few laughs come out , but that 's all there is to it .
It 's filled with the kind of embarrassing situations that only happen in movies and would probably make the viewer ashamed to watch it , if they were n't too busy cracking up laughing .
Short 's character tries to calm Morgan 's by saying , `` You 're at a 10 ! I need you at a 2 ! '' If you 're looking for the 2 in terms of tone , rent the original . If you 're looking for the 10 , rent this one .
The stellar cast is wasted on scatological humor , running jokes that are run straight into the ground , and corpse-centered slapstick that 's less inspired than `` Weekend at Bernie 's . ''
Consistently amusing but rarely laugh-out-loud funny % u2014 a bit of a disappointment considering the comedic potential of this cast .
I was laughing so much , I forgot it was a Martin Lawrence movie !
Essentially confirmed what I suspected , based on the commercials : that everything that was meticulously etched in the original would be scrawled in crayon in this version .
It serves its purpose by providing ninety minutes of consistent laughter , though no scene really stands out from the others .
Death At A Funeral is a sick twisted mess that had me laughing throughout but fails in its delivery and overall quality .
If for the most part Death at a Funeral is as tame as the tasteful parlor where most of its action takes place , it manages to explode one taboo , in casting mostly black actors in roles originally played by whites .
It 's because of a superior cast that this version of Death at a Funeral is the rare comedy remake that 's funnier than the original , however slightly . Personally , though , I 'm not sure it was worth the effort .
Death at a Funeral does what a good comedy is supposed to do : generate laughter .
LaBute wisely cast comic actors , rather than actors attempting to be comic . Timing and delivery are paramount in comedy , all the more so when the material is as daft as this .
You must really love a movie if you decide to remake it just three years after its release . But unless you also intend to improve upon the first attempt , what 's the point ?
In general , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' serves the new movie well .
It 's no comedy masterpiece , but this story of a funeral where everything goes wrong has a brash , outlandish tone grounded by an outstanding cast .
The new DEATH AT A FUNERAL is every bit as profane as its predecessor , but it 's a hell of a lot funnier .
Of all movies , why remake this one , which was n't very good in the first place ?
A broad farce like this , with multiple characters and side plots , ought to whiz , not drag .
It did n't evoke more than the occasional smile from this viewer .
Loved the slapstick , winced at the toilet humor , and mourned that the female performers were given so little to do .
An imperfect comedy , but as a movie with a mostly black cast , made by a white director , that is n't being marketed strictly according to color lines , it 's a step forward .
Slight but agreeable picture .
It 's logy , clumsy ; instead of lifting the viewer up and carrying him or her on constant currents of escalating comic velocity , it lumbers from bit to bit , and the waits for funny stuff can seem endless .
Is n't quite a success , although the cast does put forward their best effort .
Parental Content Review
Comedy is the real casualty in this fatally unfunny remake .
`` Death at a Funeral , '' an uneven remake of `` Death at a Funeral '' -LRB- 2007 -RRB- is not as funny as its raucous sibling , but it is plenty funny and well worth seeing .
The juxtaposition of outrageous farce with the most serious of occasions sharpens what would otherwise be pedestrian slapstick .
Poor Tracy Morgan with chunks of fecal matter stuck to his face . I laughed , and then I wanted to barf . Then I LOLed some more .
In fact , with all of the comic talent involved , including Rock , Lawrence and Tracy Morgan , Marsden steals the show here .
By holding tight to the story of the original , it delivers laughs and is held up on the shoulders of a great performance from James Marsden .
Post-mortem grossout , bawdy bereavement , laugh-out-lewd feces fun and games , and a little gay dwarf tossing as a served up side order of midget mockery . Not a movie to die for .
You can get away with almost anything in a farce except failing to be funny , and that 's what kills Death at a Funeral .
A mean-spirited , chaotic , headache-inducing act of desperation that largely relies upon running gags that overstay their welcome interspersed with a lot of screaming , cavorting , and running in and out of rooms .
The only death at this funeral was that of a good movie .
The movie 's big , talented cast ... knows where the laughs are , and carries the movie as far as it can go .
This is the first comedy from Neil LaBute , an acclaimed director of drama , and he does n't seem to have the hang of it .
Made in the spirit of an old-school farce , Death at a Funeral manages to find most of its fun through the interaction of its game cast , who clearly had a good time working together .
A mixed bag , Death at a Funeral has moments of real wit -- and moments when you envy the corpse .
In the end , it 's the audience who should be grieving .
Say what you will about the subtler European style of humor not translating overseas , at least it 's more tolerable than this sort of over-the-top nincompoopery .
Completely unnecessary and sloppier than it should be . It 's also still funny , partly thanks to smart casting in a few key roles and partly because farce this ironclad can not be denied .
Rock acquits himself nicely as the responsible brother and resident straight man , but everyone else in the cast has apparently been advised to mug shamelessly and yell their lines as loudly as possible , especially Tracy Morgan ...
The film 's ensemble cast clicks together nicely , and the story , as written by original scribe Dean Craig , is almost note for note .
It 's not necessarily a lazy reworking , just strangely lethargic . More tedious than ticklish .
A flat retread of a comedy that was already moribund .
Neil LaBute and an all-star cast surprisingly breathe new life into the material .
An impressive American cast milks its share of laughs out of this slavish remake of a British farce .
A depressingly strained comedy .
A horrible movie is remade into a slightly less horrible one .
The comic possibilities of a character mistakenly ingesting a tab of acid and then acting predictably loony at the most inopportune moment are surely limitless , or at least it must have seemed so to the makers of Death of a Funeral .
Death at a Funeral is a strained , mirthless remake of a comedy that was n't terribly funny to begin with .
Oh , I know a lot of Death at a Funeral is in very bad taste . That 's when I laughed the most .
In filling the cast with funny people , none of whom has to carry the picture , LaBute allows Tracy Morgan , Chris Rock , Loretta Devine , Danny Glover and Marsden to score without trying too hard .
Nude , hallucinogen-fueled jaunts on rooftops , revelations about same-sex relationships -- with a little person , no less -- and individuals covered in feces are all executed with verve by the typically misanthropic Neil LaBute .
Despite a few more laffs than the British original , the cast seems to be operating on auto-pilot -- the sort of regular clownishness that lets director Neil LaBute make his standard implication that nothing in -LRB- black -RRB- American life is to be taken seriously .




@highlight

It 's amusing and it assembles a talented cast , but Neil LaBute 's surprisingly faithful remake of the 2007 Frank Oz dramedy ultimately falls short of the original .