While a bit more mean spirited than the first , the laughs are there so it does n't feel like a retread .
It is n't afraid at all to take the immaturity of college partying and break it down to the simple fact that deep down , it 's full of stupidity on both genders
It 's not as great as the original but it could have been a lot worse .
This is as rude , crude and occasionally quite funny as ever .
For a movie that 's about sexist double standards , it 's the straight white dude who walks away with the most stolen scenes . Efron should only every make movies with Seth Rogen and director Nicholas Stoller .
The Radners are back and their neighbors are still awful in `` Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising , '' a sequel to the 2014 film that continues to show Greek life in all its self-important , cartoonish debauchery .
Neighbors 2 plays Mad Libs with a bunch of Jezebel headlines and tries to pass it off as a subversive achievement .
Neighbors 2 escapes the dreaded comedy sequel grave yard , and whilst it does n't top the first film , it has enough laughs and fresh ideas to make its existence feel justified .
Messier than a raging kegger , but game leads and a high gag-count keep the comedy-sequel comedown at bay . Just .
Director Nicholas Stoller does n't do much to keep the movie from looking like what it is , a sloppy second helping that , for all its attempts to capture a 2016 zeitgeist , is really just more of the same .
How much time do we want to spend with people who would love to have keggers when they 're on the verge of buying a second home ?
This comedy with a conscience is not as ridiculously funny as Old School . But in its own way , it is as much fun .
A fun movie full of jokes that will make you laugh out loud . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's beautiful . This movie is beautiful .
It 's one thing to create an R-rated soap box which to preach from , yet doing so in such a strong armed and contrived way wins neither applause nor credibility .
Any sequel for a successful movie is a challenge , but comedies seem to have the most difficulty pulling them off . The comedy sequel is rare compared to horror and action movies .
It 's the same movie except Rose Byrne and Seth Rogen battle a sorority instead of a frat .
` Neighbors 2 ' surprises by mixing serious undertones in with the fun-stuff ... Talents of Rogen and Byrne up the grade of this comedic follow-up .
Every taboo about the relationship between women and men is used to make an effective punchline . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What the filmmakers conceived of was , perhaps unwittingly , one of the more feminist statements you may encounter from within an R-rated college comedy , a genre notoriously known for its casual misogyny .
A more than welcome sequel for this crazy franchise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Just another forgettable raunchy humor comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With great humor and acid criticism about gender inequality , Stoller gives us a fun world of immaturity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Neighbors 2 is designed , rather cleverly , to tickle indulgent parents as well as self-indulgent kids -LRB- picking off two target audiences at once -RRB- . Rogen and director Nicholas Stoller satirize outdated morality and pitiable decorum .
Offers diminishing returns in both laughs and heart .
Full of jokes in bad taste , most of them about sex and poop , some slapstick , racial jokes , and absurd dialogue . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A sequel that ultimately falls right in line with its lackluster predecessor ...
One scene is brilliant ; there are worldly wisecracks ; and , rarest of all , a funny Holocaust joke . But many moments drag and jag . Jokes fall flatter until it feels as if Neighbors 2 has number-crunched comedy down to a hit-miss ratio .
It might not be on par with the first one , but the many pop culture references and modern day issues it touches on make it relevant for this century . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Some of the gags do feel a bit repetitive but there are enough funny moments here for this film to stand out on its own .
A forgettable comedy that shoul 've been better written . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Follows the same formula as the original and the characters are the same . Laughs are guaranteed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It might feel a little too much , like the first one , but the film still delivers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An aesthetic shambles on every front , fanatically overpraised in certain circles for its strenuous and spotty bits of progressive lip service .
The humor is constantly based on a surreal sarcasm , in nonesense , strange behaviour , and to make things worse , slapstick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Nicholas Stoller and four co-writers throw logic to the winds , and they 'll do anything for a laugh -- anything , that is , except actually be funny .
Male or female , Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising is going to make you squirm -- but most importantly , it 's going to make you laugh , a lot .
Rogen and Byrne , in particular , have grown into quite the complementary comedic duo in both Neighbors flicks , and it 's that pairing that will earn my ten bucks once again whenever the inevitable Neighbors 3 shows up at my local multiplex .
There 's an interesting femenine -LRB- not feminist -RRB- take by the director and his team on the events of the first one , making this feel fresh again . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is far from being Rogen 's most ingenious work , but as a raunchy comedy it never holds back . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It mirrors the first movie but it adds a femenist perspective to it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's good how they bring the characters back , however , it 's not enough to keep our eyes on the screen and not the clock . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's efforts to be inclusive while retaining it 's vulgar humor and poop jokes give the film a refreshing breath of air that will make audiences laugh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For every smart dig the film gets in at sexism , it digs its own grave as a comedy . We ca n't pick a side when both sides have good intentions .
While a handful of scenes approach John Waters levels of obscurity , you 're going to need to get properly stoned to roll with a version of feminism that empowers girls to bro out .
Predictably , the gross-out gags , ribald humor and action pieces do n't work as well as in its 2014 predecessor , but it does reflect a frustrating , gender-based double-standard .
Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising is great . And I do n't mean great fun . I mean great . I doubt you 'll see a more perfect comedy this year .
Basically , how much you like Neighbors 2 depends on how much leeway you give it for having its heart in the right place , even when its brain is slightly addled and the entire gesture shrinkwrapped in limitations of the format .
A shockingly superior follow up to the original 2014 comedy .
Where the film separates itself is in a refreshing thread of progressiveness so rarely seen in comedies .
A bit of self-awareness goes a long way in elevating this comedy sequel above the 2014 original .
Noticeably disconnected and low on laughs , undoubtedly a symptom of the screenplay 's five - count 'em - five different screenwriters .
Seems the committee of five who wrote the script could n't make lightning strike twice even though they cleverly flip the gender so girls can fight for their right to party .
There 's a lot of empty improv in this Neighbors 2 , scenes that have no real direction and no drive ; the movie is all digression and shouted exposition .
The law of diminishing returns comes down with Mjölnir force on Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising .
Neighbors 2 , like the financial future of its pledges , feels like a near-total bust . And no , that 's absolutely not , in any way , shape , or form , a pun .
It says something when a two-year-old is the most mature character in the film .
There are about six really good laughs during the film 's 92-minute running length .
Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising adds a very cool feminist twist , but that twist ca n't disguise the fact that the movie really is n't all that funny .
Its aims at college misogyny are valiant and a couple of the jokes land decently enough , but Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising misses its target in trying to capture what made the first film such a success with its audience
Stoller manages to justify his sequel but Sorority Rising 's parade of R-rated gags are n't enough to hit the same highs -LRB- or longevity -RRB- as Neighbors .
Just as funny as the original and far more essential .
When played for biting , borderline woke laughs in Neighbors 2 , talking points feel a hell of lot fresher than anything involving three dudes with hangovers .
The ultimate frat party gets a feminist spin .
It 's as though the Neighbors formula had been dreamed up by that toddler : gather together as much stuff as you can , throw it madly around the room , and see if it 's funny .
If there 's one criticism to be made about such a forward-thinking film , it 's the explicit nature of such commentary , which makes Neighbors 2 seem like it 's pandering to its ` woke ' audience . There is no subtext here , but at least the jokes fill in the gap .
Look through the haze of weed and the raunchy jokes and you 'll see a movie that 's grown up with its audience , its subject matter and its subjects -- and gotten even funnier in the process .
It 's also a shame that Neighbors 2 invests so much in stupid gags like people being launched into walls or through windshields when its best moments are in clever dialogue about grappling with adulthood .
Another sequel no one wanted .
I went into Neighbors 2 tentatively excited , and came out grinning my face off .
Big laughs & socially aware themes , but still crass , crude .
Overall , Neighbors 2 is not as good as the original , but fans of the first film will still find enough humor here to make it worth a look .
The film 's hurry to rush through its plethora of characters becomes a strength , because we do n't have enough time to get bored by any one scene . The set pieces may be thin , but they show flickers of genuine warmth .
Like most contemporary comedy sequels , Neighbors 2 is essentially the same film as Neighbors , minus the freshness and purpose of existence .
A clone of the original . Clones in movies are not always a good thing . And this is proof .
This sequel turns out to be a gross-out comedy with a pro-woman streak -LRB- instead of sexy selfies or bro-luring bacchanals , the sorority throws a `` feminist icon '' party -RRB- . And it just about works .
MSNBC ... the Movie !
A few bits of great physical comedy remain , as when Rogen and Efron get locked in a garage . But they could have been taken from - or slipped into - any movie . They have nothing to do with their characters , or the plot .
Starts off with Rose Byrne puking in Seth Rogen 's face and it 's all downhill from there .
Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising is a sloppily crafted , dismal sequel . It has a few humorous moments , but not enough to make up for the terrible execution .
A rather lame rehash of the first film . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sexual Content , Nudity , Violence , Profanity etc. - Also Available -RRB-
A deeply funny , hard-R-rated comedy that does n't leave you feeling like you need a shower afterward .
Some of the raunchier jokes are recycled from the first movie , but the cast -- particularly Moretz and the scene-stealing Feldstein -LRB- Jonah Hill 's little sister -RRB- -- bring exuberance and charm to the enterprise .
The progressive girl-positive content never feels earnest or mandatory or tacked on . It 's actually funny , as Moretz and crew fight for their right to party , feminist-style .
It 's the rare case of a comedy sequel that is even better than the original .
Even with occasional flashes of edge , there 's an unexpected coziness and sweetness about Neighbors 2 that may resonate a lot more strongly with the ladies than with dudes .
This kind of massive failure of industry and imagination saddens me to no end .
Late in Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising , Seth Rogen 's Mac Radner accepts a bucket of money and yells , `` We won ! F*ck you ! '' - which pretty much sums up the attitude of this vacant , needless sequel .
Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising is an unexpectedly funny addition to a gross-out college comedy genre you 'd think would be played out by now . It is smartly-written dumb stuff .
There is still plenty to enjoy in the antics of these multigenerational goofballs . The premise is already running out of steam , though , so it 's probably time to move on .
One of the best things about the movie , aside from its screwily positive message , is the blithely freewheeling yet clever way that Rogen and company assemble the story 's puzzle pieces .
Title IX has finally hit the college party movie genre and the result is just as goofily funny and mind-bendingly stupid as its testosterone-driven predecessors .
Neighbors 2 's Social Justice Warrior critique would feel less sour if it were n't written by five white guys . I guess this is still their party after all .
The several genuine laughs are enough to make up for any lulls and non sequiturs
Ten years from now , Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising might just be counted as just another hit in Rogen 's roster , but for today , it 's groundbreaking .
Unexpectedly , Mr. Efron has developed a sweet gift for highlighting the poignancy that undergirds his studmuffin persona ; the women may lust after Teddy 's body , but the movie relies mostly on his heart .
If earlier Rogen and Stoller movies mined experience for laughs , this one is so contrived that it 's like it began life as a checklist of things that are supposed to be funny today .
The film is as convincing in its stupidity as it is in its intelligence . That 's praise , by the way .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't as good as its predecessor , but it 's a fun comedy made by smart , talented people , and it 's certainly a lot better than you would expect .
This sequel proves as unlikable as the original .
Remember the sweet , conciliatory way Neighbors ended two years ago ? Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising does n't , the first sign of a sequel lunging for reasons to exist .
If you enjoyed version one , you 'll find something to chuckle over this time as well , and it 's good to see female characters treated with a little more respect .
It 's difficult to say ` Neighbors 2 ' `` improves '' on the original because the original was so good , but it 's definitely one of the best comedy sequels ever made .
NEIGHBORS 2 : SORORITY RISING elevates the very idea of a comedy sequel while hitting upon what it means to be a millennial feminist in a patriarchal society .
The jokes are surprising timely , reminding viewers of the ways men and women are held to different standards .
` Sorority Rising ' is a broad summer comedy that has an unapologetically feminist message and is also hilarious . See ? That was n't so hard .
An enormously likable film .
That rare comedy sequel that is just as effective and as funny as the original , while introducing new ideas and characters into the mix .
It might have worked if everyone involved had maybe cared a little more and/or tied everything together , but instead , we get dangling ball sacks , pointless Holocaust jokes and the declaration that throwing bloody tampons is both funny and empowering .
Having the `` right '' politics does n't make a film worthwhile , but this is unexpectedly urgent , scoring points against a timely and important target that 's been unexplored .
Here we go all over again ? Not exactly . This sequel ... is not only tighter and funnier than its predecessor , but takes on sexism , a looming concern for the parents of toddler Stella
I could n't wait for this movie to end .
Director Nicholas Stoller does n't have any more luck stringing the story together than he did the first time around , but he knows how to get a laugh .
As movies go , `` Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising '' barely qualifies as one . It looks like it was edited through some kind of shredder .
Intelligence is n't always a character virtue from summer comedies . But it is in this screenplay , attributed to five writers who boldly mix rude sight gags with a thoughtful story about accepting maturity and the drawbacks of equality .
The tables have been skewed , both storywise and culturally in a mere two years , and the comic groundwork in this sequel is the better for it .
Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising simply should not exist , and the world is a slightly sadder place because it does .
Neighbors 2 is a wonderfully goofy sequel , light on plot and heavy on silly set pieces , but it 's anchored by a sense of self-awareness that bro comedies often lack .
Is n't the exercise in gross-out excess the first movie was , but its pairing of a tamer version of the old recipe with some laudable but imperfectly delivered PC messages makes for an alternately vulgar and tepid brew .
The screenplay ties itself into a knot from the start , when it presents the founding of the nasty sorority as a feminist event .
If this story is n't as conceptually immediate or clearly executed as its predecessor , it makes a lot of sharp points about male-female double standards , aging , and the acceleration of intergenerational conflicts . It 's also very funny .
With Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising , the raunchy college comedy is graduating to smart feminist commentary .
`` Neighbors 2 '' arrives with a feminist mandate and an eagerness to give women equal opportunity in the raunch department . None of the film 's five writers is a woman , however , and it shows .
It took five writers to come up with this . The mind reels .
... vulgar , disgusting , tasteless drivel .
Instead of pursuing innovation , `` Sorority Rising '' furiously rehashes original elements in a manner that makes `` Die Hard 2 '' look like `` The Godfather : Part II . '' If you 've seen `` Neighbors , '' you 've already seen `` Neighbors 2 . ''
For what many may consider a dumb comedy , there is something surprisingly honest and heartfelt about what this film has to say about growing up and the friends that you keep
The sorority sisters of this movie are n't fighting for the right to party , but to do it on their own terms ; Stoller , Rogen , and company have infiltrated the studio system to make a comedy on their own uncompromising terms .
The times they are a-changin ' : a frat comedy with a gender-balanced main cast , a non-judgemental gay wedding and nary a frat boy in sight .
Neighbors 2 brings back most of the principals from the first movie , and then amps up the conflict by introducing a renegade band of college sisters .
A helter-skelter of moments that read like something stitched together almost at random from the notebook leavings of Rogen and Evan Goldberg .
Rogen and Byrne are crazy fun company . And a team of screenwriters , including Rogen , poke fun at their own cash-in premise and then get in wicked digs at 2.0 stoners and sexists .
Analogous to last year 's breathtakingly joyful Magic Mike XXL , Neighbors 2 is a celebration of feminist individuality .
The film 's expected rehash of recent pop-culture totems is accompanied by a novel attention to millennial-centric debates about entitlement and identity politics .
Is n't it time that the ladies got their own rollicking , foul-mouthed , THC-soaked party movie ? The fact that it contains a profoundly progressive message about the difficulties of bucking an inherently sexist system helps its instant-classic status .
There are individual nice moments , to be sure , but it holds less than half the laughs of its predecessor and gives that picture 's secret-weapon standout Rose Byrne disappointingly little to do .
It 's fitting that Neighbors 2 , Stoller 's socially stinging , sorority-based sequel , has double the balls , and laughs as its dude-bro predecessor .
There 's a really interesting , really fresh new Seth Rogen project arriving this week . It is not , however , titled Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising .
The complexity of feminism for young girls today is displayed with rare hilarity and insight .
A 92 minute comedy that plays like a two hour drag , a real check-your-cell-messages endurance test .
When you add up the film 's larks -- young women intent on forging their own pleasures , African-American cops , and gay marriage -- you have a vision of the America waiting for Trump 's last hurrah .
By trying to recapture the magic of the original , Neighbors 2 has disproved the existence of magic .
A healthy reminder that Zac Efron is a national treasure ... in these two ` Neighbors ' films .
With the added layer of humor that comes with switching genders , Neighbors 2 ends up offering even more laughs than the original movie .
You 'll probably laugh hard more than once ; Sorority Rising is still rich in bikinis and bong rips and boner jokes . It just does n't have much heart .
Could this be the most socially aware gross out comedy in , maybe , ever ?
This wonderful sequel leaves America in a pretty good place : Weed is practically legal , girls are people too , and Seth Rogen is the new Tom Hanks . Get used to it .
Bad Neighbours 2 hits like a sledge hammer when it hits , but the contending priorities often leave it licking you like a warm breeze .
What could have - should have - been a knock-out , gross-out comedy is hobbled by all these awkwardly shoe-horned politically correct asides about sexism , gender inequality and friendship ... Oh , if only this film had been made as if it was 1981 !
Nothing if not about feuding camps : stand-ins for social movement rubbing up against stand-ins for economic vested interests .
Perhaps the best live-action comedy sequel since ` Addams 's Family Values ' .
You 're not likely to get drug jokes , slapstick , a dildo-loving toddler and positive gender attitudes in any other above-average comedy sequel ...
Unfortunately , Bad Neighbours 2 has n't found a way to recycle itself , even with a quasi-feminist comic cause .
Anyway , it 's all pretty ludicrous ... there 's not much else here that 's worth giggling at , no matter how extreme the gags involving vomit , tampons , dope , scrotums and roofies might get .
The character 's bravado and outrageous persistence in the first film was funny , but the laughs in the sequel are more complex and instead come from what happens when you strip all that away .
Bad Neighbours 2 is a legitimately funny comedy with a story , the minor miracle of modern filmmaking . It flirts with social commentary , takes advantage of most of its ensemble , and at least vaguely attempts to sequel-proof itself .
This is Rogen and company trying to grow up . Their hearts are in the right place , but right now , they are committing an even worse sin : Hiring women such as Byrne and Moretz - and giving them nothing to do .
All in all , it was a filling serve of empty-calorie laughs that left most undemanding viewers more than satisfied .
Nicholas Stoller 's film throws up surprises in the way it tackles gay marriage and female empowerment without irony and extracts poignancy from Seth Rogen and Zac Efron 's returning man-child characters .
If the first movie was all about the ludicrous excesses of the frat-house lifestyle , then this one is all about shining a light on the inherent misogyny of the same scene .
A movie as delightful and silly - indeed , much more silly - than its similarly delightful predecessor .
-LSB- The film -RSB- keeps its taste levels deep in the gutter , for sure , but if you are not too prudish and do n't mind a bit of low-down dirty fun , then there is just about enough here to drag it over the line . Just .
Teenaged girls behaving badly , depicted with a positive vibe . Progress ? Turns out grossout movies do n't work even when they 're kind of feminist .
While it 's amusing and sometimes very funny , there 's an air of desperation about this sequel to the 2014 breakout hit comedy .
A fitfully hilarious comedy sequel from Seth Rogen , the kind of man who can get away with pointing at a pregnant Hasidic woman and saying : `` Look , another little Jew in the oven ! ''
Bad Neighbours 2 is in exuberantly bad taste and the cast give it their all . But the freshness has gone and the plotting is pretty ramshackle .
Another crude slapstick effort .
The same jokes , recycled into a nearly identical premise .
The film foregrounds the absurdity of sexism while still using the same slapstick style of the first film . Sometimes it works , sometimes not . But , the attempt is refreshing .
Listen , it could have been a lot worse .
Not perfect , but fans of the original wo n't be too disappointed , and there 's still more laughs than in the vast majority of quickie comedy sequels .
Wobbly , uneven and dodgy , the best thing about this film is Zac Efron . And that 's a sentence I never thought I 'd write .
Though the character interplay is consistently amusing , the film fails to deliver any actual belly laughs and even its attempts at gross-out humour feel half-hearted .
Far from preaching to the converted , this sequel winningly subverts the traditional college comedy while remaining authentically ribald .
I ca n't pretend that I did n't emit the odd laugh , but director Nicholas Stoller needs to pack up now , and move on .
The Bridesmaids-style bawdiness is still there but the characters have n't developed or grown up in the slightest .
Neighbors 2 ends up being funnier than the original movie and a near-perfect sequel to boot .
This is a lot of pedantic plot for a multiplex farce - and when it barely has room to breathe , you ca n't really blame it for lacking inspiration .
Adding in some timely social commentary and a healthy dash of self-awareness . What results is a comedy that 's even better than its predecessor .
A film that 's alive with ideas - funny , refreshing , compassionate .
An uneasy watch , awash with unconvincing performances , unfunny stereotypes , and dubious gross-out gags .
Bad Neighbours 2 opens in typical gross-out fashion , with a character vomiting into the mouth of another , and ends as one of the sweetest -LRB- and wokest -RRB- comedies we 've ever seen . Now that 's an arc !
Bad Neighbours 2 is no masterpiece , but , despite its terminally lazy high concept , it is slightly funnier and a bit more sociologically diverting than the first episode .
Never lags , and the laughs keep coming , even though they 're coming from a fairly familiar place .
Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising is , shockingly , the progressive comedy 2016 needs .
Bad Neighbours 2 highlights the prevalence and absurdity of sexism in a hilarious way .
This pretty routine followup has some decent material and amiable bad taste , heavily diluted with gallons of very ordinary sequel product : more of the same .
In their awkward attempt to shoehorn these kids into the first pic 's formula , Stoller and his writing collaborators care far less about creating believable characters than getting to the next laugh .
The film has a knowingly conflicted engagement with millennial-generation feminism that freshens its outlook even as it unevenly rejigs many of its predecessor 's gags .
A smart and worthy continuation of this comedic battle of the age-groups .

@highlight

Neighbors 2 : Sorority Rising may not be strictly necessary , but it still wrings a surprising amount of humor from a recycled premise with a distaff twist .