You 'd expect something better from Robert B. Weide .
What we have is a comedy that 's not that great , a romance that 's not that convincing and a movie that 's sadly not that special . Now that 's how you lose friends and alienate people .
droseri , ana diastimata asteia , alla en genei filodoksi apopeira aythadeias me eynoyhismenes eilikrineis protheseis kai bretaniko flegma kommeno stis akres gia na horesei se amerikaniko kaloypi romenti , opoy niotheis synehos na leipoyn pragmata
The makings of an uncompromising , razor sharp satire were gathered together here . That the resulting movie slips off track as much as it does is particularly disappointing .
A fun movie worth checking out .
... slickly constructed and frequently funny .
Where the movie succeeds is in its sudden right turns , its willingness to kill a dog , always a bold choice , and its consistent emphasis of the comedy over the romance .
Just because you are supposed to laugh does n't mean you are going to laugh .
I 'm told that several of these characters are easily recognisable to insiders , but outside that small coterie there 's still a great deal to enjoy about Sidney 's fish-out-of-water exploits .
I feel I 've seen a bit too much of Pegg in some not very funny films recently , but his fish out of water works well .
No bad thing , really , but a fair distance from the barbed humour of Young 's book .
While Pegg has a good stab at lending the film some of his trademark knockabout charm , the film is as artless and difficult to warm to as its leading man .
Weide bypasses the impulse to push the film at the usual breakneck comedy movie pace , allowing the conflicts to build slowly and with more thought than the film 's premise might otherwise suggest .
Quite apart from the insights into the strange world of showbiz celebrities , the film is enjoyable for its often witty script and the thoroughly engaging characters ...
British funny man Simon Pegg continues his downwards spiral with this lame , '' ` Devil Wears Prada '' - styled `` comedy . ''
The film version of Young 's book is more slapstick than skewer , more loving portrait than leveling blow .
Simon Pegg 's brilliant central performance and some very funny gags are drained by a limp finale which leaves all manner of plot strands hanging and characters left out to dry as the film stalls and sputters its way home .
-LSB- A -RSB- noxious comedy .
Pegg tries to fill the void with antic slapstick .
The tone is never quite mean enough or never quite nice enough and the film never catches its stride .
This male version of The Devil Wears Prada comes off second best in the comparison , but is nevertheless an entertaining jest about a young Brit who is not only a fish out of water but totally out of the fishtank
Like its humour , the film 's charms also sneak up on us , and as we take this unlikely , hiccup-filled journey with Sidney , he surprisingly goes from obnoxious to endearing and we are cheering him on from the sidelines
Bridges , Pegg and even love-interest-by-numbers Kirsten Dunst do a fine job , but the material they 're working with just is n't there .
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People proves to be a sharp-edged weapon against our obsession with celebrity culture that never seems to take aim at any of the most deserving targets .
Not every comic idea works , but the movie is often wickedly funny ...
`` How to Lose Friends and Alienate People '' is an average romantic comedy that 's simply serviceable .
One has to wonder why director Robert B. Weide -LRB- `` Curb Your Enthusiasm '' -RRB- chose to artificially pump up the comedy rather than find it naturally in the situations .
By some bizarre alchemy , How to Lose Friends and Alienate People has been translated to the screen as a Judd Apatow romantic comedy crossed with The Devil Wears Prada .
Toothless , fact-based comedy about a socially inept entertainment journalist and his misadventures at a Vanity Fair-like magazine .
Despite the best efforts of Pegg and Fox the movie is only mildly entertaining
S bit like a variant on the number-five dinner on a Chinese restaurant menu : Enjoyable enough at the time , but 30 minutes later you do n't remember what you 've eaten .
... one of those films that 's dead on arrival . There 's just nothing here worth salvaging .
Hollywood took a mediocre script and hired Pegg , relying on his charms alone to carry the picture . Sorry , it just does n't work that way . The movie has to be good too .
If one were to search for the instructions stated in the film 's title -LRB- of how to lose one 's friends and alienate people -RRB- , one would n't get very far . Sidney does n't have any friends to lose .
It plays like a made-for-CBS redo of The Devil Wears Prada .
What was good enough for the printed page -- a comic chronicle of our obsession with the shallow -- has been turned into the object of its own derision .
Instead of skewering self-important stars and vapid journalists , Friends gets muddled in slapstick and crude humor .
It seems Weide and Pegg were determined to make good on their title How to Lose Friends & Alienate People . You can sum up their results in two words : mission accomplished .
My guess is it 'll alienate you , too .
When a movie features two spit takes in the first 15 minutes , it 's a pretty clear indicator of which way the rest of the farce will go .
A sharp-witted satire of celebrity journalism and has much to recommend it once you get past its unwieldy title , which sounds like something that would get slapped on a self-help book .
Like the characters it portrays , How to Lose Friends eventually becomes the very thing it mocks , its delectable naughtiness sacrificed to sentiment and audience appeal .
The film 's inability to decide whether it wants to be sweet and life-affirming or vicious and nasty creates not only a disconnect on the story level but results in tonal shifts that are dizzying .
Even with pseudonyms , this could have been a cutting take on superficiality , rampant egos and the rest -- easy targets , for sure . Instead , it devolves too often into slapstick shenanigans and comedy of embarrassment .
Yet another vehicle in which Simon Pegg can play yet another of the world 's more obnoxious humans . And still make us love him .
Any movie in which the hero accidentally kills a Chihuahua ca n't be a total loss , but How To Lose Friends & Alienate People comes pretty darned close .
How to Lose Friends wants to see itself as a champion of humanity over glitz and a puckish puncturer of egos . But while culled from Young 's disastrous experiences at Vanity Fair , the movie is strictly Us Weekly quality .
Unfortunately , it falls into incredibly predictable territory .
Toby Young 's memoir makes an engaging transition to the screen , thanks to a lively adaptation that embellishes greatly on Young 's story but preserves the central fish-out-of-water theme and biting commentary on celebrity obsession .
Overall , it 's a smart movie that even makes apt , respectful references to the greatest film on this subject , Federico Fellini 's La Dolce Vita .
How To Lose Friends And Alienate People is not better than the sum of its parts -- but the parts , particularly Pegg and Bridges , act with every muscle in their bodies .
Unfortunately , both Bridges and Anderson are only intermittently in the movie . And when they 're not around , How to Lose Friends loses its satirical edge , becoming an alarmingly safe , almost corny romantic comedy .
Even the ginger-haired Brit ca n't rescue this moviefrom being both manic and flat . Nor can the deployment of Kirsten Dunst to play Sidney 's nemesis and possible love interest .
Pegg has some good obnoxious moments , but he 's only a few movies away from becoming Dudley Moore .
... despite the contrived story arc , it 's undeniably fun to watch someone onscreen endlessly get away with irritating the bosses in ways most of us only wish we could .
Nothing in How to Lose Friends feels fresh or on target .
the film is excessively proud to chastise the celebrity journalism industry but it has no basis . One , all but one of the celebrities is made up . Two , nobody seems to do any journalism . Three , they never establish the joy of Hollywood .
Never tries to go too far below the surface , instead taking a snide and cynical approach to the meet-cute romantic comedy , filling it with all of the most obvious clichés and stereotypes in its desperate attempt for yucks .
Many critics will make some quip on the film 's title doing precisely that to the audience looking for a little inside baseball , but there 's so much general familiarity going for it already , why add to it ?
The jerky hero suddenly changes into a cool , well-dressed guy . Then poof ! he 's an idiot . Then back to cool . Presenting the Peek-a-Boo School of Writing and Character Development .
Pegg and Dunst make agreeable romantic sparring partners .
The films stalls , flatlines even , and as much as I appreciated and adored the opening sections once this takes its disastrous detour no amount of CPR could bring it back to life .
The humor is based on a transsexual and killing a dog . That 's not enough , especially when there was all of Celebridum to make fun of .
But then the film 's ambitions are not high . It goes for easy laughs throughout . A few subtler ones - and there were a few in the book - have been hung out to dry .
It 's ultimately difficult to recall a cinematic endeavor that crashes and burns with the ferocity of How to Lose Friends & Alienate People ...
This comedy is gunning to do for glossy magazines what The Devil Wears Prada did for fashion - and ends up shooting itself in the hand-stitched loafers .
This Brit-on-the-make comedy would be insufferable without the leavening presence of Simon Pegg .
They should have called it Carry on Columnist and incorporated digitised cameos from the late Sid James and Kenneth Williams . Come to think of it , that might have made it funny .
Too often , though , director Robert Weide resorts to the horribly hackneyed gag .
The flick is filled with a ton of laughs , a ton of heart and Simon Pegg is funnier than ever . HILARIOUS !
A kind of Devil Wears Prada for blokes , the humour in this brilliantly funny media satire springs mostly from Sid 's oafish manners and refusal to suck up to celebrities .
Wo n't win many friends and will alienate some old ones .
Fluffed satirical targets , a shortfall of required rom-com charm , cheap gags and a thoroughly unpleasant ` hero ' situate How To Lose Friends several floors below the desired Apartment-esque heights .
Screenwriter Peter Straughen has converted the original parade of pitfalls and self-mythology into a serviceable rom-com and he 's also managed to work in some decent gags for Pegg to work with .
It has been pared down to a light comedy with a little romance on the side , and works competently in these terms .
It 's silly but mostly entertaining , and Pegg 's open , expressive face is always funny . Perhaps without entirely realising it , the movie provides a through-the-looking-glass satirical version of Ugly Betty and The Devil Wears Prada .
The film has none of the self-lacerating pain of Young 's book , but as an exercise in humiliation it is second to none .
The crushingly unfunny and slopped-together How to Lose Friends & Alienate People has neither the ambition nor the intelligence to do justice to its source material .
Weide ... has made an American film , but with a British sensibility ; he layers good , broad , dry jokes onto the bones of a traditional Hollywood plot arc .
It 's not a very faithful adaptation , it does n't make great use of Simon Pegg and Kirsten Dunst has still got those teeth , but there 's little here that 's offensive and more than enough that 's amiable .
For a film about upholding personal ideals , its glossy packaging and derivative ` will he get the girl ? ' narrative sell any credibility down the river in favour of affected screwball larks .
`` Megan Fox is mind-bogglingly beautiful . When she walks into a room , you almost have to look away , '' Simon Pegg said with a laugh in an interview with HollywoodChicago.com on his new film How to Lose Friends & Alienate People .
... all bark and no bite , the behind the scenes machinations of a hugely influential magazine used as mere window dressing for an uninspired romantic comedy .
An initially hilarious picture that grows perplexingly trite as screenwriter Peter Straughan transforms Young 's sly observations into assembly-line pap .
a worthless excuse for a laugh-a-thon that elicits more groans than giggles .
Despite the impersonal sameness of the material , it moves along at a good clip , rarely letting a one-note joke outstay its welcome .
I admire Pegg 's comic abilities , and he seems to have given it his earnest best here . He 's just miscast -- and the story fizzles out halfway through anyway .
Pomposity and foolishness abound , but the laughs are few and far between .
How To Lose Friends And Alienate People 's title proves prophetic , only this time the people being alienated are the suckers in the paying audience .
It 's a silly film halfheartedly imagined , worth a sit only to watch Simon Pegg run amuck inside another movie that does n't deserve him .
For viewers who can get past the turn-off of a title , they will find a film as entertaining and easy to like as it is shrewd about its subject matter .
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is possibly the best movie that could be made about Toby Young that is n't rated NC-17 .
The world of New York magazines is ripe for satire . How to Lose Friends looks at first as if it 's going to give us a peek inside that world , but it eventually settles into a rote romantic comedy .
... argues for integrity in celebrity journalism , which is an oxymoron to the highest degree -LRB- and this is coming from someone who has engaged in it -RRB- .
A story about how the ins-and-outs of the entertainment world change people for the worse , People has no unique insight on that world or thoughts on that change .
The filmmakers struggle to find the right tone , opting for wacky slapstick and then corny rom-com when they should have gone for black satire .
Regardless of your feelings towards the source material , this is an enjoyable romcom with a decent script , several laugh-out-loud gags and a host of terrific comic performances from a superb cast .
Simon Pegg manages to be both obnoxious and eventually likeable : after a few silly , unfunny party antics , the film warms up with Kirsten Dunst as the sharp-witted love interest and foil to foolery .
This is n't Prada , but a cheap , crummy knock-off .
-LSB- Pegg is -RSB- a goof , and he 's funny enough to warrant the price of admission . But after this and Run Fatboy Run , he really needs to deliver something sillier before he loses fans and alienates his audience .
How to Lose Friends & Alienate People chronicles the short-but-sour New York career of the British journalist , who arrived for a stint at Vanity Fair at the invitation of its flamboyantly coiffed editor , Graydon Carter .
too flat to be satire , too earnest to be a farce , and too obvious to be entertaining
Snarky comedy about celeb culture lacks bite .
How to Lose is toothless , substituting broad humor and a romance for the needed cynicism .
How to lose friends and alienate audiences is the lesson taught by this cleverly titled but noxious British comedy .
Simon Pegg is likably smart and obnoxious as the fish-out-of-water Brit in high-gloss Manhattan , but he 's swimming upstream in a feature that substitutes slapstick for scathing wit .
Not as smart or as satirical as you might hope , but an enjoyable and often funny look at a mad , mad , mad , mad world .
A scandal sheet satire that wears its antisocial tendencies on its sleeve , the movie takes aim at the inane gossip rag media world . But more often than not avoids punishment to fit the tabloid grime , that calls for more caustic rather than giddy strokes .





@highlight

A decent performance from Pegg in a disappointing film . Neither sharp nor satirical , Weide 's adaptation relies too heavily on slapstick , and misses the point of the source material in the process .