A valuable film that shows the power of a forgotten history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Riveting , Real-Life , Civil Rights-Era Drama Released on DVD .
The acting , like the storytelling , is quietly convincing .
You ca n't deny the inspirational qualities of the story or Parker 's screen presence , any more than you could accuse the film of subtlety or of masking its conspicuous pro-Christian agenda .
If this were a 1970s TV movie , it probably would have won a boatload of Emmys . Now , it lacks impact , although parents or grandparents worried their children do n't appreciate the sacrifices of decades past might want to use it as a teaching tool .
If you can get past its moribund title , you 'll still have a challenge in spotting the protagonist in this oddly washed-out depiction of a racial battle that raged in Oxford , North Carolina ...
I challenge anyone who sincerely believes that The Blind Side is a good film to take a look at this one and see how this kind of story is meant to be told .
Though it ca n't quite transcend its filmmaker 's earnest intentions , this solemn history lesson offers several powerful moments .
Along the way there are many fine , precisely observed moments showing what race relations were like in this little tobacco town at the turn of the decade .
What the film lacks in psychological nuance it makes up for in unassuming , intimate social observation .
Has some wrenching moments , but generally offers the melodrama and unremarkable performances of a TV movie .
The story is well-told and well worth telling .
Beautifully shot and well-acted , if earnest , overlong and unfocused .
Compelling moments abound , but they 're conveyed in such a faithful , grounded manner that the cinematic appeal is lost .
The civil rights movement , like the Civil War , is best known for its great battles and great leaders . But there were smaller skirmishes , just as important , and Blood Done Sign My Name tells the story of one .
The movie punches up the kinds of scenes you 've seen done better 100 other times -- church sermons , a sham trial , a Klan meeting .
Its intended audience is anyone with enough heart to be horrified by the events it depicts , but also with enough plausible deniability to point the finger of blame at someone else . It 's a movie you can feel good about feeling bad about .
A sturdy and sensitive drama about the Civil Rights movement in Oxford , North Carolina , in 1970 ; it rings true and reveals the scourge of American racism in all of its ugly manifestations .
Blood Done Sign My Name may not be great cinema , but it nonetheless deserves attention .
In spite of the material 's regional origins , Stuart 's movie still feels like a Hollywood vision of the rural South , less syrupy than some but no less vague .
Slides into unexceptional melodrama , as the films two threads distract from , rather than reinforce , each other .
Half cardboard and half flesh-and-blood , the film version of Tim Tyson 's memoir Blood Done Sign My Name reminds us just how difficult it is to tell a story without that story turning into a storybook .
No fancy footwork . No chewing the scenery . Meat and potatoes , you could say , but it 's thoughtful and moving .
Comes off as a painfully old-fashioned , flatly directed exercise in passionless historical reenactment .
Too often , the film props up caricatures and constructs in its superficial gloss on history .
Riveting historical drama revisits infamous Civil Rights case .
The post-King era of American racial tension demands better from dramatists than lugubrious historical pageants like this .
This is a damn good TV movie , but it 's Black History Month , so it may do a little business .
A solid , inspirational tale based on a true story of the murder of a black Vietnam veteran in North Carolina which led an all-white jury to free the obvious killers .

@highlight

Even among civil rights movies , Blood Done Sign My Name is remarkably earnest , but its big heart ca n't cover for the bland acting and TV-style melodrama that blunts the movie 's impact .