My Blind Brother is a moderately sweet movie about terrible people . The awkwardness will make you wince , but it also hits on something true about the lengths we go to in the name of being nice .
My Blind Brother works better as an exploration of toxic narcissism than a laugh-generating device .
This is a funny movie , with just enough edge to keep you off-balance .
First-time director Sophie Goodhart coaxes a grown-up performance out of Kroll , and Scott 's smarmy contentiousness has never been put to better use .
Sophie Goodhart 's charming , low-key debut My Blind Brother is a deceptively emotional experience .
An enjoyable diversion from the predominantly saccharine -LSB- romantic comedies -RSB- , and one that will elicit more than a few inappropriate giggles from the more twisted fans out there .
My Blind Brother is an effective vehicle for its stars , but it never truly gels as a particularly compelling narrative with something meaningful to say .
The politically incorrect jokes , while often funny , wear a bit thin as director Sophie Goodhart lays them on with naughty glee .
... breaks down taboos with sardonic wit and surprising tenderness , and the result is both mischievous and heartfelt in its examination of sibling rivalry .
Dramedy about adult siblings has language , drinking .
My Blind Brother puts these characters through the comic wringer , but the humor is founded on the characters and their flaws , not the circumstances .
Can Jenny Slate be in all the movies ?
A thoroughly harmless comedy that spaces its one-liners a bit widely . It 's made watchable by an appealing cast ...
`` My Blind Brother '' is certainly the best version of this script you 'll get thanks to the cast , but it 's also a painful viewing experience to see such potential so thoroughly wasted , and such magnetism dulled off .
Zoe Kazan provides the only compelling moments ... yet playing the normal one among such a group of narcissists is a thankless task .
The studio-produced romantic comedy may be flatlining , but who cares , so long as snappy indies like this one step up to fill the void ?
It 's a slight film , but one that hits all the tricky emotional and comedic notes without a hint of cruelty .
Though My Blind Brother clearly is n't aiming for the feel-good realm , the emotions never ring true enough to make any of the purposely flawed leads relatable , never mind likable .
My Blind Brother explores this unconventional dynamic with gentle humor and a refreshing amount of sensitivity , brushing up against the more cringe-worthy aspects of its premise without reveling in them .
Writer-director Sophie Goodhart , who based the film on her 2003 Palme d'Or-nominated short , has crafted three cleverly flawed and dimensional lead characters , all vividly brought to life by their astute players .
The best material gives the excellent Scott and Kroll plenty of love-hate energy : Robbie 's condescension , Bill 's passive-aggressiveness . It will look all too familiar to anyone who is n't an only child .
My Blind Brother is slight and a little easy , but it 's powered by sincere affection .
Wonderful and intelligent , and periodically uproarious .
A dark comedy with too warm of a heart to be as ruthless as it should be , especially since the cast is so good at playing nasty elsewhere .
So fitting that a movie with such a large and benevolent heart comes from a writer and director of the same name .
If you are a fan of the cast , or are looking for a better than average romantic comedy , My Blind Brother will certainly fulfill that need .
The film has some wonderful moments that will leave the audience laughing at times , and squirming in discomfort in others .
Enjoyable , if not a laugh riot .
Goodhart 's brilliant cast elevates some very breezy material into something that will resonate with siblings of all sorts and sightedness , and even the minor characters leave a mark .
These are intriguingly damaged individuals who are nonetheless shortly put through the motions of a rather forgettable love-triangle comedy .
A faintly edgy if feather-weight rom-com built on guilt , pity and the self-absorbed disabled .
Frequently hilarious farce , and it winds up having just enough real emotion to keep it grounded .
Sophie Goodhart 's My Blind Brother has clear eyes on full hearts .
Nick Kroll and Jenny Slate nail the nobility of resentment in this winningly featherweight romantic comedy .

@highlight

My Blind Brother takes a refreshingly character-driven approach to its familiar sibling rivalry while adding a somewhat unexpected twist .