The script lacks wit . The danger of gift-wrapping the story in the pink gauze of a little girl 's bedtime story tends to drain any sexiness right out of it .
More satisfying than your cookie-cutter romantic comedy but far less overwrought than a full-blown period romance , it finds a satisfying and cuddly middle ground .
This is straight-up young people whining about their relationships .
It 's sweet natured and brightly played .
While clearly aimed at women , many men could find it as entertainingly endurable as did I .
The movie has heart and humor ; the two most important traits for any romantic comedy .
The writing is clever , the acting is good , and this is pretty much as good a chick flick as you 're going to get .
Modern romance may be more realistic in Definitely , Maybe , but it 's also less satisfying than the illusions that classic romantic movies create about amore .
apsogo holigoyntiano stil komple me tileoptikizoysa eikonografisi , sympyknonontas treis romenti payla ntramenti se ena hortastiko gia ta metra toy paketo
If you 're looking for a nice romantic comedy for your Valentine 's Day date , look no further % u2014Definitely , Maybe is positively it .
For all the unnatural setup , it 's amazing that the performances come off so naturally .
All of the romantic scenes work here , but anytime it switched gears and started focusing on the politics , it lost me .
Who will our unlucky in love protagonist ultimately choose ? Even if one correctly surmises , the journey is filled with quietly humorous and engaging moments .
Not entirely successful , but worth a look .
might not be the most perfect movie possible , but it makes up for its shortcomings with an appeal to the heart that connects
A bittersweet bedtime story about at least three babes who broke a guy 's heart during his hard knocks , early adult years , in addition to , well , Bill Clinton .
Despite repeatedly falling for three of the most beautiful women in the movies , Reynolds winds up largely miserable
I am totally guilty . You can throw me in a court room and convict me because I am totally and completely guilty of thinking this movie was going to be the same old romantic comedy that we have been seeing for years .
We get a rare look at a long personal journey through relationships -LRB- including his relationship to politics -RRB- from the point of view of the man , and a new appreciation of the silver lining on even the saddest cloud .
-LSB- Adam -RSB- Brooks has had a sporadic career , but when he suddenly resurfaces , he usually provides zesty dialogue and intriguing characters .
A terminally bland , brutally overlong tale of tedious , attractive people and their banal romantic problems .
A diamond in the rough that could use some polishing but overall sparkles with warmth and wit .
A film that at once embraces formula and , in critical scenes , dismisses it all together .
More how Harry met Sally than when , the above average Definitely , Maybe may not be destined to be a great comedy classic , but this valentine earns every sweet and believable moment .
Will Hayes ' only flaw is that he 's too idealistic -- in the same way that John Edwards cares too much for poor people .
Sweet , charming ... and not particularly funny for even a moment .
Definitely , Maybe , which was written and directed by Adam Brooks , has charm and spirit .
Smart , sophisticated and charming , ` Definitely , Maybe ' is wonderful dramedy about the choices we make about love .
... an amusing little bauble ...
Definitely , Maybe has the ` meet cute , ' but it also has all the things that can come after -- the awkward moments , the scary possibility of hope , the comforts of sadness , the tough talks , the ugly partings , the hard-won reconciliations .
... ultimately does n't fare much better than its mediocre brethren ...
No maybes about it , definitely an exceptional romantic comedy .
A nice , entertaining little movie -- something we see far too few of at this time of year .
Yes , you can polish a turd .
-LSB- Definitely , Maybe has -RSB- a largess of characters and themes and a genuine desire to explore them , good intentions that earn the film a grudging pass .
Tthe performances are very strong .
By trading in metaphor and parallel structure , makes a compelling allegorical statement about just how stuck in a rut we collectively feel our nation is .
Definitely , Maybe stumbles along the way to its destination just like its protagonist does , but the humor and heart compensate for the lack of sure footing that extends all the way to the uncertainty in the title .
A ` Who 's Your Mama ? ' melodrama unfolding for the benefit of a suddenly-spousified 11 year-old .
If you 're looking for a movie that is n't just the same old , same old , `` Definitely , Maybe '' is definitely the movie for you .
There 's a refreshing adult quality in the film that kicks the film a notch above the rest of the romantic and comic fare currently available .
When it comes to recent romantic comedies , you could do much worse .
Nostalgic , warm , bittersweet , and thoroughly entertaining , ` Definitely Maybe ' earns a place on my list of favorite contemporary romantic comedies .
The romantic comedy has become such a wasteland of physical humor , predictable plots , and nauseating manipulation that Definitely , Maybe is more remarkable for what it does n't do .
Definitely , Maybe is an explosion of sweetness and hugs that might cause your stomach to churn if you do n't like your sentimentality too strong .
Abigail Breslin 's role is limited despite ads . Do n't expect a family film , rather be ready for something more akin to the TV show Friends .
Everything feels derivative and nothing rings true -- it 's The Way We Were n't .
The movie offers very real pleasures . Reynolds has terrific chemistry with everyone , and watching him romance three of Hollywood 's more intelligent , beguiling comediennes is a pleasure .
Is this movie the best romantic comedy of the year ? Maybe not . Do you walk out with a smile on your face ? Definitely .
It certainly helps that he has a very good cast . Reynolds has chemistry with all three female co-stars , while Breslin and an uncredited Kevin Kline steal scenes .
Definitely , Maybe is n't terrible exactly , but it 's bland , and in some ways that 's worse . It 's a romance posing as a detective story in which the solution is obvious and not worth the fuss .
This highly uneven comedy by writer-director Adam Brooks might be easier to take if it were less infatuated with its own cuteness .
Will 's eventual fate is of academic interest only . Definitely , maybe ? Who cares ?
At least it 's a narrative device with a mystery . It 's How I Met Your Mother , but still .
Halfway through Kevin Kline shows up in a performance of such vitality and honesty that it shows how two-dimensional the rest of the movie is .
It 's no accident that the producers Eric Fellner and Tim Bevan , are the pair responsible for such romantic comedies as Love Actually , About a Boy , Bridget Jones 's Diary and Notting Hill , all starring Hugh Grant .
Despite one of the more contrived framing devices outside an actual frame shop , Definitely , Maybe keeps you interested in its characters and is n't afraid of complicating your sympathies a little .
Definitely , Maybe is n't a particularly good movie . It 's hard to make either romance or comedy out of relationship wreckage , not to mention career ennui , and the pace is often meandering and sulky .
Put simply , the film excels most at not being awful .
-LSB- Reynolds -RSB- is -- once again -- better than his material , which relies too heavily on obvious sentimentality and lazy '90s nostalgia .
Is Definitely , Maybe the best romantic comedy released so far this year ? Definitely . Should you go see it ? Maybe .
Definitely , Maybe , written and directed by Adam Brooks , is a nimble and winning little romance .
Three movies ' worth of rom-com cliches stuffed into one .
A romantic comedy with brains as well as heart , Definitely , Maybe is that rare studio release that feels like it was written by a human being , not by committee .
To sum up , Definitely , Maybe is crap with compensations .
There 's really nothing terribly wrong with Definitely , Maybe , but there 's nothing strikingly right about it , either ; it 's as good as it needs to be , and no more . It 'll do in a Valentine 's Day pinch , until something better comes along .
Short on mystery and long on testing our patience for obligatory coincidence .
Brooks deserves credit for a fairly satisfying survey of a heart wanting what it wants , thinking it wants what it does n't want , wanting the first thing again and then waking up to what it needs .
It is , I suppose , a premise , of sorts , but as writer-director Adam Brooks 's Definitely , Maybe galumphs along , it is not a particularly romantic or comedic one .
It 's a lot fresher and bit more sophisticated than the ordinary run of maudlin chick flicks and crude gross-out sex farces that now pass for romantic comedies .
Most of the elements of this picture feel strongly borrowed from other successful romances . Still , the film makes for a quality Valentine 's Day date that wo n't leave the men emasculated .
It could use some editing toward the conclusion , but it 's generally enjoyable , amusing and more sophisticated than most films in this genre .
Releasing a movie on Valentine 's Day can mean only one thing and , yes , Definitely , Maybe has it in big fragrant bouquets . Love , heartache and dollops of schmaltz .
-LSB- Reynolds -RSB- matches up well with all three of his grownup leading ladies , though his soft side is best brought out by Breslin
The big question is n't `` Does love exist ? '' but `` Does love last ? '' , a resigned philosophy that shares the stage with crisp , sharp jokes and insightful moments of recognition
Definitely , Maybe proves that there are still innovative ways to tell the oldest story of all , the one about two people falling in love .
Teen-friendly romcom about love 's ups and downs .
While the broad strokes are predictable , the fine details of Definitely , Maybe are a near-constant stream of small , albeit lightweight , delights .
This slick romantic comedy has several things going for it , including an interesting premise and an attractive cast . Getting all its elements to cohere , however , is too often just beyond its grasp .
Definitely , Maybe has a certain bland appeal , provided you do n't mind that there is n't one detail in the movie that has a faint ring of truth .
The biggest problem with Definitely , Maybe is that leading man Reynolds feels strangely out of water in a role that never lets him unleash his comedy chops .
A mildly entertaining rom-com with obvious flaws , with nowhere near the out-of-the-candy-box approach to romance it purports to have .
The creative team here has ties to that Four Weddings and a Funeral , Notting Hill , Bridget Jones crowd , which may explain why so many of Ryan Reynolds 's lines sound as if they might have been better delivered by a young Hugh Grant .
Definitely is definitely not the best rom-com ever , though maybe one of the better ones Hollywood churns out this year .
The big news here is the intelligence , the balance , the real romance in Definitely , Maybe . No , it does n't follow the formula . And really , how cool is that ?
The film definitely satisfies the need for an unthreatening , competently made romcom with a traditional template . But maybe that 's not enough if you want to be surprised , refreshed or anything other than lazily charmed .
It wo n't be on anybody 's 10-best list at the end of the year . But it 's agreeable and engaging and real enough in the right smallish ways , and it has an emotional maturity at odds with the high-grade plastic from which it 's constructed .
When you 're maybe just about ready to fully endorse the film , it gives in to some generic romantic-comedy frippery that punctures a hole in its own believability .
Definitely , Maybe adds some welcome spice to a genre that rarely ventures beyond the predictable anymore .
An often-fun , above-average romantic comedy with a unique twist .
Definitely , Maybe is certainly the most ambitious , and satisfying , rom-com in recent memory . That 's faint praise given the recent run of romantic fare .
Reynolds has consistently ranked among the top unsung comedic actors of his era .
It 's a delightful movie with great writing and a splendid cast .
May turn out to be the sleeper film of the year , in the tradition of past cinematic surprises , like ` My Big Fat Greek Wedding ' , ` Sideways ' and ` Little Miss Sunshine ' .
... one of ickiest framing devices in recent memory .
I let my guard down and was completely surprised by the sweet , happy finale , which Brooks and his cast definitely earn .
It feels overworked at times , a gimmick saved largely by chemistry . But it 's also sweet and sour in the best ways ...
Definitely , Maybe is what happens when someone decides to make a romantic comedy , then sits down and thinks about it for a while before setting out to write .
There are scenes that crackle and pop with comedic love-struck intimacy , many of them good enough I might just secretly treasure them for the rest of the year .
It 's just unconventional enough in its structure to pique my interest , while still hewing close to the basic elements that rom-com fans expect .
An appealing romantic comedy that will inspire you to retell the story of your own romantic journey .
All the performances are fine , yet they 're fine mainly because there 's almost nothing in the script to severely botch , so safe , rote , and mildly soporific are the proceedings .
You 're telling me that the script dreams up a main character who attends the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1992 , and he has no idea who Nirvana is ? The screenwriter clearly was n't doing his homework .
No one 's a cartoon villain , and no one 's beyond reproach , either . Everyone speaks like a grown-up .
Every Valentine 's Day weekend deserves a good romantic comedy , and this year , we have one .
while ... definitely a cut above the usual February fodder , it maybe feels too second hand with roots in everything from The Princess Bride 's bedtime story structure to television 's How I Met Your Mother 's teasing central concept .
As the movie is about a character 's growing into his own truth rather than discovering some preordained truth , Definitely , Maybe is hard to outguess . For once in a romantic comedy you wo n't be able to tell after 5 minutes who will end up together .
Very improbable , kinda corny and sweet as hell ... a next generation When Harry Met Sally .
Reynolds provides the perfect foil for these spiky women . Quietly masculine and so relaxed in his effects that he could be prescribed for anxiety , Reynolds exudes an elusive charisma that suggests Ryan O'Neal by way of George Gobel .
It 's all been done before , and better . Furthermore , the nearly two full hours it takes to reach its foregone conclusion begins to pry on one 's nerves .
Miracle to behold , director Brooks gives us in the audience a romantic comedy that is head and shoulders above the routine pap that the major studios throw at us annually .
-LSB- Adam -RSB- Brooks ' movie has romantic ambition , something lacking in Hollywood romantic comedies of late . But he has made a slow-footed , long-winded comedy with more grins than laughs , an arm 's - length romance with a real eye-roller of an ending .
Definitely , Maybe has charm and some depth , even if it 's ultimately more a third-base hit than a home run .
This movie has little grasp of how human beings actually behave . And I do n't mean maybe .
A surprisingly clever romantic comedy that starts brightly but unfortunately loses its spark at the end .
The picture does have a certain unimpeachable charm .
Definitely , Maybe is definitely a cut above your standard-issue genre fare , maybe way above .
Definitely , Maybe is a romantic comedy you do n't have to feel embarrassed to embrace .
Maybe you 'll enjoy this , but it 's definitely no romantic comedy classic .
How is this for a proposition ? From now on , Working Title Films is the only production company that is allowed to make films in this genre .
Definitely , Maybe is a surprisingly rewarding romantic comedy .
The romantic banter between Will and his three paramours strains for sparkling wit and only occasionally achieves it .
-LSB- A -RSB- n instant classic . The kind of movie people will still be devouring and marveling at and leaking happy tears over a century from now .
Soulful and sweet-natured , this enjoyably romantic whodunit proves that living `` happily ever after '' is n't quite so easy .
Brooks ' take on the ups and downs of modern romance and the unexpected turns it takes is smart , funny , and -LRB- above all -RRB- uncommon .
A romantic comedy that manages to be cute without sending viewers barrelling into the bathroom to toss their cookies .
In its best moments it 's simply about living and in its grandest it 's about finding lasting , realistic love .
If Brooks ' attempts to replicate the magic of About a Boy were n't obvious by the end credits , the Badly Drawn Boy song will drive the point home .
For a Valentine 's Day romantic comedy Definitely , Maybe hits all the right notes of commitment , honesty and maturity that go into a young father 's explanation to his daughter about the women he dated before she was conceived .
If you 're expecting another Notting Hill or Love Actually , you 'll be disappointed .
This movie sparkles like diamonds .
Sweet , funny , simple , entertaining -- everything a good rom-com should be . Definitely ...
Enjoyable , emotionally engaging and frequently amusing romcom with a charming central performance from Ryan Reynolds and superb support from Abigail Breslin and the three lead actresses .
Rising above the commonplace and the cliché , it 's wry , smart and just sentimental enough to warm the cockles of an audience 's collective heart while skirting the treacherous shoals of the mawkish .
An unusually soulful and appealing romantic comedy .
What a great way to mark Valentine 's Day with a new classic love story . Get carried away with a loved one in the romantic tale that Definitely , Maybe has to present .
Ryan Reynolds and Abigail Bresling give likable performances in this charming romantic comedy about a divorced dad relating to his daughter his fables and foibles in a more mature , subtle , and realistic way than is the norm of the genre .
Definitely a comedy , maybe a romance -- has enough sophistication and surprise to keep even the most hardened curmudgeon smiling to the bittersweet end .
Adam Brooks 's traditional rom-com is n't going to win any awards but it 's easy on the brain as well as on the eyes .








@highlight

With a clever script and charismatic leads , Definitely , Maybe is a refreshing entry into the romantic comedy genre .