The villain is more interesting than the hero , but Fracture functions well enough as a fun piece of puzzle-solving .
-LSB- Hopkins and Gosling 's -RSB- courtroom power struggle holds this Fractured drama together .
Does n't hold up to a lick of scrutiny , which is a shame , since it provides such juicy material for a pair of contrasting actors ...
Um thriller bem realizado que abusa do talento da dupla principal para tentar se diferenciar de tantos outros exemplares do gênero . E quase consegue .
Fracture is an entertaining movie that should be better than it is .
You come away feeling as if you have been watching a battle between two second-tier opponents .
Slickly plotted murder thriller overcomes its advantages - notably two great performances - to be almost boring .
postupci likova se svode na uobi % u010Dajene kli % u0161eje
While you might feel conflicted between whether you 're seeing Hannibal Lecter all over again or you 're in awe because it 's hauntingly brilliant , Anthony Hopkins and the film 's makers molded pieces of the previous character into a uniquely tailored altered
A light psychological thriller that works better on a technical level than a thematic or character-centric one .
At no moment does this stop feeling like an especially glossy and especially joyless episode of Law and Order .
It 's straightforward and nongimmicky -LRB- you do n't have to wonder whodunit because we 're told in the first few minutes -RRB- , involves a minimum of blood and gore , and holds our interest nicely .
It 's occasionally quite witty , it 's able to tell us a great deal about its characters and their back stories in an economic fashion and its plot swings are surprising and compelling .
Even if you do n't leave the movie entirely satisfied , you wo n't have had a bad time , either .
It 's so well written and well acted you hope Fracture holds up all the way , but problems develop .
Ethics , morals and the will to win are the core issues of Fracture , a gripping puzzle of a thriller that plays out as a mind game between two men
Not since Lecter has a role been this well suited to Hopkins , whose intelligence and pristine formality as an actor often make him seem alien .
The main draw , of course , is watching Hopkins and Gosling go head-to-head . And both are more than up to the challenge .
Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling are electrifying in Gregory Hoblit 's otherwise mediocre thriller .
Enjoyable , stylishly directed thriller with a gripping plot and superb performances from Gosling and Hopkins .
The real pleasure in Fracture is watching Hopkins and Gosling , the elder statesman and brash young firebrand of the current cinema 's greatest actors , go at it .
A smart and snappy thriller that makes light work of its ethical dilemmas , Fracture is a little too neat and tidy to stick in the mind for long , but the Hopkins-Gosling pairing is choice , and neither comes up short .
The two leads are on fine form , but the surrounding structure is too familiar from a thousand other films . Still , tense and occasionally twisty stuff .
An intriguing , gleaming , exciting work .
If you like your thrillers served chilled , Fracture wo n't disappoint .
Fracture has some involving moments and bright ideas , but it 's such a pedestrian execution that it could have just as easily been made as a TV movie with Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Kelsey Grammer .
click for full review
Here 's a big-name cast in a soap opera drama full of implausible events .
Part police procedural , part courtroom hijinks , and part cunning murder plot , Gregory Hoblit 's new movie brings the usual canards .
But the thing is pre-ordained and the viewer knows how it 's going to end from the minute Ted is acquitted . However , if you 're a L&O fan , it 's worth a look .
A smart film made with strong talent , but none of them seem to be operating at their best - and it shows
The film could have used a dose of heightened urgency , but ` Fracture ' is nonetheless a highly watchable , glossy-looking crime drama that for once taxes the brain without punishing the eyes and ears with gratuitous abandon .
FRACTURE is an enjoyable movie aimed at an adult audience . It does n't condescend nor does it take the viewer for granted .
With a film this gleefully convoluted , we know we 'll never figure it out before the screenwriters are ready to tell us . So we hang on and enjoy the ride .
A solid , old-fashioned game of mental cat and mouse between two fine actors .
With the exception of its ending , which offers a passable twist , very little about this courtroom suspense thriller is remarkable or reproachable .
There 's nothing like merit winning the case and this little gem of entertainment with a mental edge is a good brief on the possibilities .
Fracture is the kind of polished cat-and-mouse movie thriller that depends entirely on the cat and the mouse having read and agreed to the script in advance .
The paper-thin story ... would barely have passed as a half-hour episode of Alfred Hitchcock Presents ...
A showcase of acting 's present and future : one of the greatest living actors cast as the wily , wise vet , and one of Hollywood 's most promising young talents as the rising star .
Director Gregory Hoblit 's sterile blue visuals are par for the lack of dramatic impact .
There 's nothing all that much wrong except that it feels like a TV drama that found its way to the big screen by virtue of stars Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling .
Fracture is good , it 's steady , but it is flat . It fails to deliver any high points of drama or confrontation , even at the payoff .
I 'm glad I saw it , and there were some very admirable elements to the film . Yet I have to acknowledge that it could have capitalized on the good stuff a little more than it did .
very ordinary screenplay that can only be recommended due to the outstanding performances of its combatants
Sometimes when you figure out a twist ending in advance , you feel smart . But sometimes instead of feeling good about yourself , you feel scornful of the onscreen victim of the story 's trap door : How 'd he fall for something so obvious ?
You 've got to expect comparisons to Silence of the Lambs . The verdict : for me at least Fracture is n't even a fraction as good .
A sleek , surprising and surefire thriller that will grab you by the throat .
The main interest here is the juxtaposing of Gosling 's Method acting with Hopkins 's more classical style , a spectacle even more mesmerizing than the settings .
A fractured feature which establishes itself as a taut psychological thriller only to undercut an intriguing premise with comical 11th hour courtroom antics comparable to the vaudeville act of Pigmeat Markham . ` Here come de judge ! '
For all his preparation and planning , he ends up neglecting one legal angle that anyone who 's watched a half dozen episodes of Law and Order would 've picked up on .
There is an element of Alfred Hitchcock at work here and that alone made me thoroughly enjoy Fracture .
Most of the pleasure of the film comes from watching Anthony Hopkins playing elaborate mind games and seeing Ryan Gosling unload all kinds of nervous tics as his character comes close to bowing to the pressure .
The slick ambience behind Fracture could be penetrating yet misleading . Hopkins 's `` Lecter-lite '' persona adds some pathos to this old-fashioned yet stylistic whodunit .
Good but not great , interesting but not intriguing , and about twenty minutes too long .
Watching Anthony Hopkins in ` Fracture ' is like observing a master painter create a work of art .
This gripping plot % u2014plus another incredible performance by Hopkins and the chance to watch Gosling move into first-rate actor territory % u2014makes Fracture a movie not to miss .
About as fresh and original as the old `` Oh , he 's got a long lost twin brother nobody knew about '' trick .
Delivers the thrills and makes us care if the diabolically clever killer will get his comeuppance .
A provocative game that plays out with intelligence and wit .
I like the fact that Fracture is a courtroom thriller that does n't spend long , grueling scenes in a stuffy courtroom .
a crackling cat-and-mouse game ... What makes the film truly absorbing , however , is the volatile interplay between Hopkins and Gosling , two sensational actors who genuinely seem to enjoy going for each other 's throats .
There will be few better examples all year of how much a script can be elevated by the actors involved .
Fracture breaks no new ground , but with -LSB- Gosling and Hopkins -RSB- around , you 'll never be bored .
The film never degenerates into the mano-a-mano showdown between the grinning psycho and the cocky but fundamentally decent lawyer that 's become de rigueur in big-budget Hollywood thrillers .
Gosling is both amazing and adrift in this almost thoroughly forgettable upscale legal drama and you 're left praying that the stardom so surely coming his way does n't come with a Hopkins clause attached .
Fracture is what audiences want when they go to a suspense thriller : a flashy , colorful villain ; a protagonist who 's imperfect enough to be interesting ; and most of all a story that keeps viewers guessing , while playing fair .
Movies like this , side ventures of the John Grisham franchise , are meant to entertain with ` substance ' that never risks actual depth .
A smart script and a fun villain are more than enough to keep things rolling .
The film never delivers on its promise . What ought to have been an engaging battle of wits simply is n't .
Fracture , a stylish thriller so highly strung it zings , gives us Hopkins , an actor at the top of his game , in material that 's only middling .
An entertaining battle of wills and styles .
Fracture sneaks up on you . At first , it plays like it might be another in a long line of dullish legal thrillers . But then , in its modest , grown-up way , it keeps getting better and better .
Although Hopkins could surely portray a charismatic killer in his sleep by now , he 's clearly having a ball , while Gosling , gliding through every scene with deceptively casual confidence , seems determined to prove himself the best actor of his generation .
A cookie-cutter film that we 've all seen before and would recognize by any other name .
As the cat-and-mouse game develops , the filmmakers box themselves into a corner , and their solution is just plain ridiculous .
For all the suspense it generates , Fracture succeeds because it recognizes that , like a courtroom itself , the legal-thriller genre is an arena for actors to breathe and snort and poke and prod at each other 's weak points .
The movie 's logic fails at the end -- it betrays a criminal blind spot in its reasoning -- but you 're best off not subjecting it to any prolonged analysis . Do n't think . Just watch .
Tightly scripted , good old-fashioned crime drama pitting two of our finest actors against each other in the courtroom . Not one computer effect or clichéd one-liner to be found .
Director Gregory Hoblit ca n't seem to find any real heart in this story .
Although the direction and the clever script are far above average , what truly keeps Fracture riveting is the battle of wills and wits waged by its costars , old lion Anthony Hopkins and crouching tiger Ryan Gosling .
Fracture is aptly named . It 's one of those movies in which cracks appear the minute you begin to look too closely .
Fracture is no Silence of the Lambs . In fact , it 's no Primal Fear . Anthony Hopkins may well be smarter than all of us put together , but his busy career sometimes has more breadth than wit .
Smart , fast-paced and intriguing . Not a perfect film , but a perfectly entertaining one .
A thrilling bout , but one that relies on your not figuring out the twist .
The movie seems so content to be smarter than you 're expecting that it never amounts to more than a talky tease . What 's breezy about the first half of the picture turns logy in the second .
The glib entertainment Fracture offers an assortment of tasty treats , notably the spectacle of that crafty scene stealer Anthony Hopkins mixing it up with that equally cunning screen nibbler Ryan Gosling .
Pairing veteran Anthony Hopkins with upstart Ryan Gosling in a smartly written cat-and-mouse game is a brilliant idea .
Watching Ryan Gosling work through Fracture , the Method actor seeking out the filigree in a genre picture , is a strangely satisfying movie experience .
Ultimately , I was rooting for the killer , hoping he 'd get the good ol' O.J. treatment in the courtroom .
Anthony Hopkins again confuses villainy for vaudeville and Ryan Gosling 's so-so work is n't worth riding in the rumble seat with him over a career pothole . `` Fracture '' makes `` My Cousin Vinny '' look like a masterpiece of legal suspense .
`` In this high IQ thriller , Hopkins exudes elegant menace as a kind of toxic vapor , encircling and neutralizing lesser minds that he leaves scattered about him in a perplexed daze . ''
Above all , Fracture is a classy entertainment .
... the film 's final twist was screamingly obvious to this viewer , but those who do not spot it should have a very good time . Those who do can entertain themselves watching Hopkins and Gosling entertain themselves .
Just watching Ryan Gosling and Sir Anthony Hopkins square off is worth the price of a ticket .
It 's like an above-average episode of Columbo .
Here is a big , handsome shyster of a legal thriller , pleading with the viewer to stick with its preposterous twists and turns on the guarantee that the crowning revelation will blow our socks off . In this , as in all things , the film is not to be trusted .
It 's enjoyable enough hokum
Guilty of being half an hour too long and having a villain who 's far more interesting than the hero , but still quite fun as a piece of puzzle-solving .
The film is reminiscent of the kind of wealth-porn peddled by Adrian Lyne , and if you get bored with the plot , you can always pass the time picking out home furnishings .
It would be easy to imagine the nearly two-hour movie being broken down to a 50-minute Law & Order TV episode . Just cut the romance , tighten the script and cue up a couple of cliffhanger commercial breaks .
... just a cheap B-movie with expensive A-list talent .
Distinctly uneven yet essentially entertaining ...
It 's smart , it will keep you guessing , and it plays fair .
Awesome drama ... a battle of charisma between Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling .
It 's a thrill factory that 's been shut down and outsourced to yawns , and I ca n't figure out why . Oh yeah , it 's Ryan Gosling .
The central mystery is a tidy piece of prestidigitation , and the movie that surrounds it is smart enough to be worth paying attention to .
There 's nothing brilliant or revolutionary about Fracture . It 's simply a well-made crime thriller , period .
Fracture becomes just another stop on the Hoblit hack train and an aptly titled one at that .
A surprisingly sharp , mature mystery .
the team formulates Fracture not to be a traditional whodunit , but a Canhegetawaywithit .
Hopkins and Gosling are terrific , but not even the work of their lives could have saved this ludicrous , and ultimately tedious , effort .
The picture is clever , somber , quiet : There 's just no reason it has to be as deadly boring as it is .
If one was making a case for how TV drama has eclipsed film in recent years , unnecessary product like Fracture would be Exhibit A .
The best way to enjoy it is to suspend your disbelief and soak up the actorly tête-à-tête that pits wily veteran Anthony Hopkins against young gun Ryan Gosling in the kind of courtroom potboiler that can be fun if you let it .
This hugely entertaining thriller is what 's needed to banish a winter-long case of movie blues .
It is ... impressive when a film comes along that manages to combine the -LSB- legal drama -RSB- genre 's tried-and-true formulas into a cohesive and engrossing picture .
It 's possible that audiences do n't even care anymore if a film makes sense as long it 's entertaining . Fracture is both .
Oscar-winner Hopkins and Oscar-nominee Gosling snipe and bark and jaw and play with one another like two boxers sizing up their opponent right before unleashing a lethal right hook .
As a vehicle for two fine actors , Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling , it 's at its best .
This could easily have become a stupid twistorama like last week 's Perfect Stranger . But , with the help of an outstanding cast , -LSB- director -RSB- Hoblit keeps the focus on character .
It 's been quite a few years since we 've had an intelligent , engaging legal thriller . Into the void slips Fracture , which fits the bill thanks to a polished script , great stars and a director perfectly suited for this territory .
Somewhere along the way I gave up on following the ostensibly mind-boggling plot and just thrilled to the visible electricity between the two male leads .
Sometimes movies that should n't work deliver an outcome that 's as satisfying as Fracture .
Just because a movie is freakin ' preposterous does n't mean it ca n't be diabolical fun . Case in point : Fracture .
With Anthony Hopkins in the lead and a screenplay that was composed by writers not merely interested in fitting together a jigsaw puzzle of clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- s , this movie is gruesomely engaging .
Hums along at a steady clip navigating narrative twists and turns that may be complex but seem wholly predetermined and inorganic .
This is an intricately plotted , intensely involving and superbly acted psychological study that should raise the bar for the next plodding Grisham adaptation .
While Fracture walks a thin line between fulfilling expectations and confounding them , screenwriter Daniel Pyne does a reasonably good job in balancing the battle of wits between his rising legal-eagle and his calculating wife-killer .
Powerfully acted and tightly plotted , Fracture is solid entertainment .
Fracture takes a legal procedural that reeks of week-old Law & Order and pulls it off with unexpected zeal by playing up the bass line instead of the melody and by offering us two gifted actors working at the top of their game .
It 's the two characters ' exchanges that make this predictable legal thriller rewarding .
The strengths of director Gregory Hoblit 's drama may well have nothing to do with what gets gets filmgoers off the couch and into the multiplex .
This legal thriller pits these two brilliant actors against one another in a sustained battle of wills that has enough sizzle to keep us rapt even when the storyline sags and zags .
Fracture may be Hollywood slick , but it 's got a niftily intricate plot and some explosive mano a mano acting that keep you riveted .
Anthony Hopkins and Ryan Gosling lend taut , entertaining performances to this predictable , but smartly executed , film .
The talent in front of the camera is too good to be wasted on something this trivial .
You might enjoy Fracture if you managed to steer clear of its trailer , which reveals approximately 98 % of the film 's content .
Becomes like a soggy sandwich at Subway : It falls apart , but the ingredients still taste good .
A thoroughly thought-provoking thriller with fascinating characters and riveting performances by Ryan Gosling and Anthony Hopkins .
An efficient enough legal potboiler ... But Hoblit set the bar high with Primal Fear , and this attempted follow-up , though mildly engaging , does n't quite clear it .
Elegant , old-fashioned and challenging , Gregory Hoblit 's legal thriller `` Fracture '' has its flaws in terms of pacing and involvement , but makes up for it thanks to a strong performance by Anthony Hopkins and a sharp script by Daniel Pyne and Glenn Gers .
With lots of twists and turns in the plot , and smart and witty dialogue , this movie is such fun .
There are times when you can tell Gosling is as entertained by Hopkins ' antics as we are ...
Hopkins is solid in a role that occasionally veers toward Hannibal Lecter terrain , but it 's Gosling who gooses the proceedings .
Kind of like ` Double Jeopardy ' for dudes .
The wonderfully moody film ... is filled with obviously telegraphed twists that never actually occur , creating genuine surprise in the audience .
Fracture is suspenseful and darkly stylish , but it also has an unexpectedly dry sense of humor . It 's actually a lot funnier and a lot less stiff and self-serious than such a thriller might look .
It may be obvious that Fracture is working on us , playing us , but that 's its pleasure . It makes overwrought manipulation seem more than a basic instinct .
An exceptionally suspenseful nail-biter .
... as satisfying as a weeks-long case being dismissed on a technicality . It makes all that time feel like a monumental waste .
Tight and lean , `` Fracture '' plays out with the vigor of a John Grisham novel and the suspense of a slasher flick . There 's hardly a crack in this case .
Clever and keeps you thinking - during and after .
One might reasonably think that watching two completely despicable characters would be repellent rather than entertaining , yet the tantalizing promise of a comeuppance or two completely avoids that trap
The scenes between Hopkins and Gosling stand out in what is generally a bland , by-the-books crime drama that drags when Hopkins is n't on screen .
Up to a point , the movie has a certain intricacy and novelty . The trouble comes as it gropes for an ending .
-LSB- Gosling 's -RSB- the kind of actor who makes other actors look lazy . He is Brando at the time of Streetcar , or Nicholson in Five Easy Pieces , and altogether one of the more remarkable happenings at the movies today .
What makes Fracture hum is the way Hopkins bares his teeth , twitches his nostrils , and trains his shiny pinprick Lecter eyes on his co-star .
Implausible , overblown , and increasingly ridiculous , this cat-and-mouse yarn begins intriguingly but then boxes itself into a corner .
The special charm of this psychological thriller is that Anthony Hopkins steps back to give Ryan Gosling the picture .
Intense , intriguing , challenging and provocative - it 's hard to stop thinking about .
An open-and-shut case becomes an elegantly framed battle of wits in Fracture , an absorbing legal thriller .
Shallow entertainment where you have no rooting interest in the outcome .
Hoblit 's elegantly shot psychological thriller for adults is sharply uneven : It has a wonderful beginning , a long , diffuse , and uninvolving center , and a satisfying ending . But despite the flaws , the actors , particularly Ryan Gosling , are superb .










@highlight

Though Fracture 's plot is somewhat implausible , the onscreen face-off between Gosling and Hopkins overshadows any faults .