I ca n't guarantee that you 'll like it . But you probably have n't seen anything else like it .
The Overnight is a funny , modern movie about boring , ancient anxieties . It 's a big dick joke wrapped in a small story that 's genuinely worth a listen .
... just another story about middle class wieners moaning on about their relationship problems .
The Overnight has a good cast and an interesting premise and therefore an expectation that it will be a compelling movie ... but it 's too flawed to fulfill the prerequisites of any one genre well enough .
A cross between ` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ' and ` Score , ' the eyebrow-raising sexual possibilities complimented by real considerations of martial desire and `` curiosity . ''
Brice 's film adopts an unusual angle through which to look at adult relationships , and benefits from that , as well as a cast on good form .
Things get weird , and then some , in Patrick Brice 's engaging and bizarre comedy .
Together , they have the right proportions of wit and feeling , and their shared escapade is funny and racy without ever trying too hard .
Schwartzman and Scott get top marks for bravery and there are some strong laughs but it feels a bit too much like a middle-class Hangover .
A knock-around sex comedy where the actual act is hardly the point , The Overnight shows that wedded bliss can also be a rough , raunchy trip .
Conjures an aura of comic unease to little purpose , other than to provide an acting showcase for the four leads .
Just twisted enough ...
A pleasant , welcome surprise .
Getting to know the neighbors has a lot to do with getting to know one 's self . But this film leaves us unconvinced .
As raucous as the flirtation is throughout , actual intimacy -- physical or otherwise -- is rendered with unflinching clarity .
The Overnight generates enough laughs to justify seeing it in theaters or at home . Just do n't watch it with another couple , unless you secretly want a foursome with them .
If you can bear it , this hipster horror film of creeping social dread is utterly hilarious .
Despite the best prosthetic penis joke probably ever , Patrick Brice 's fitfully funny indie still does n't deliver the awkward sex comedy Gen-Xers deserve .
Some challenging issues , like monogamy and sexual boundaries , are effectively explored . There are moments of troubling horror and moments several will find disturbingly relatable .
Brice squeezes some nervous laughter out of the premise , but The Overnight is more naughty than funny , and it pulls back from the edge just when it should be leaping off .
Overnight never pushes inward far enough .
At times it feels naturalistic , but it occasionally veers into surreal territories . It is likely to discomfit and disturb some moviegoers ... but the overall effect is surprisingly sweet and assuring .
Tension builds to delightful comedic effect , and the cast is ideally suited for the material . It 's more than prosthetic penises .
A sex comedy by people who do n't really seem to worry that much about sex .
It may owe a lot to BOB & CAROL & TED & ALICE , but this new age suburban swingers comedy is very funny and enlightening .
An unexpected comedy about motive and manipulation .
Schilling , as she 's proven on Orange Is the New Black , sport a wicked sense of deadpan and she 's genuinely touching opposite Scott .
In the morning Brice finds an ending for his film that 's rather sweet and wise . Certainly sweeter and wiser than you 'd expect from a movie with this many prosthetic penises .
Brice goes a bit too broad at times , but he keeps things just funny and edgy and open enough for `` The Overnight '' to work .
Brice stops his story just before it becomes redundant - most filmmakers these days ca n't say that - and although I did n't believe the outrageous next-to-last scene , he caps it with a laugh-out-loud joke .
`` The Overnight '' is n't much - in fact , it 's hardly anything . For what it is , though , it 's enough .
Movies about sex should be messy and confusing , filled with human foibles , but too often they are utterly strait-laced . This one gets it right .
Written and directed by Patrick Brice with atypical wit , the film is uncensored and hilariously unpredictable , jumping from one titillating gag to the next with the grace of a tightrope walker .
It 's a short film , weighing in at 79 minutes , but that feels about right . You probably would n't want to spend a lot more time with these folks , no matter how intriguing their company .
Brice 's screenplay is peppered with hip-speak double entendres that become singles when Schwartzman oozes them .
Brice effectively balances cringe humor with emotional revelations that feel genuine even if they start out as uncomfortable jokes .
Absolutely hilarious , winningly acted , and surprisingly wise .
There 's not a lot of depth or relationship insight , but the lead actors effectively keep the proceedings both amusing and unsettling .
Brice seems more interested in keeping viewers guessing than in crafting a meaningful story . While that makes his film unpredictable , it comes at the cost of emotional impact .
Brice keeps a forgiving eye on his characters ' foibles , teasing rather eviscerating them to unexpectedly sympathetic ends .
The movie is a weird and darkly comedic exploration of an all-night parental playdate in which marital boredom , sexual dissatisfaction and fidelity are on the agenda .
-LSB- A -RSB- n emotional obstacle course that starts out sweetly optimistic , turns to uncomfortable farce , and ultimately ends up somewhere poignant and ripped with compassion ...
This very wry , LA-set adult comedy plays like a junior , low-budget version of Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ?
There are plenty of cathartic home truths here and no shortage of amusing moments , but it 's hardly subversive filmmaking .
In its best moments , The Overnight deviates from the conventions of a party movie -LRB- or `` sex comedy , '' as it has been christened -RRB- and veers toward the experimental , the uncanny , the unsettling .
Something ... gets a little off-balance as the movie progresses .
Part titillation and part cautionary tale , `` The Overnight '' is biting and real .
The laughs stop about halfway through , and the 79-minute running time feels about right . One night in a house with these two couples is enough .
Unfortunately , their largely improvised dialogue is not enough to sustain even the meagre 79-minute running time .
What makes The Overnight work as well as it does is the cast . The performances here are truly fearless and engaging , with Schwartzman and Scott in particular in high gear .
Attitudes are adjusted along with clothing , with all four main actors happily delivering more than Brice 's uneven script and sitcomish directing asks of them .
-LSB- An -RSB- uncomfortably perceptive sex comedy .
The delivery is unorthodox . You might think you know what 's coming , but then comes another curveball that catches you by surprise . You 're kept guessing throughout - and it 's a real kick when you 're wrong yet again .
The Overnight really belongs to the weirdly adorable Schwartzman , who literally lets it all hang out as the absurdly well-endowed Kurt .
Serious points are made as the foursome get into the swing .
The film 's brevity makes it easily digestible but there 's an underlying sense of frustration - dissatisfaction that the characters are n't fleshed out better and the humor is n't more organic .
I 'm not big into awkward comedy , but The Overnight is so deft and surprising that I almost enjoyed the feeling .
I especially liked Schilling , whose character picks up on what she calls a `` swinger vibe '' long before her doofus husband and registers this with an expression of increasing -LRB- and increasingly funny -RRB- alarm .
As clothes are shed and secrets come to light , it all becomes ... alas , a very odd combination of squirm-inducing and dull .
`` The Overnight '' is not , by any means , for everyone , what with its adult themes and sexual scenarios , but it 's clever and well-acted , and even a bit insightful , which is more than most big movies can say .
Here 's an amiably goofy , if dramatically thin comedy of swinging sexual manners .
-LSB- An -RSB- unpredictable indie comedy -- sort of a `` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Kink ? ''
Brice 's screenplay , clever and occasionally funny and sometimes even shocking across the film 's first hour , ca n't quite bring the picture home , with the result that some of the climactic scenes do n't ring true .
This often ribald , ultimately thoughtful comedy of social and sexual manners may not aim particularly high , but it hits a singular mark nonetheless .
Once all the motivations come into focus , The Overnight pivots gracefully from awkward social comedy to something genuinely complex -- and even poignant .
For all its supposed edginess , ... it winds up being little more than mildly naughty , drawing titters rather than gasps .
No matter how hard the film tries to challenge bourgeois notions of wedded bliss , it 's all so very civilized .
The Overnight is horribly funny and gets more so : titillating and terrifying in equal measure .
Writer/director Patrick Brice 's racy , low-key comedy The Overnight qualifies as a social horror movie , complete with suspense , plot twists and strange , intimidating characters you 're never sure are exactly what they seem to be .
Has a good sense of how appealing an unconventional release can be when enough anxiety/tension has accumulated .
Excruciatingly hilarious and hilariously excruciating . The merkin scene will live with you forever .
The potential awkwardness of merging your own sex life unexpectedly with strangers is both funny and wince-worthy , and faithfully captured .
Like the sex comedy it 's billed as , The Overnight teases and titillates , but the film 's sincerity addressing the messiness of monogamy is what cements its bawdy brilliance .
The cast ... is totally game for the film 's over-the-top escapades .
Painfully funny and brilliantly performed .
The writing is blatantly sexual but utterly unrevealing ; the characters and their problems are cut to fit the airtight plot .
The kind of tame comedy that promises something transgressive but then chickens out before going anywhere that might unsettle its core audience .
A shocking , provocative and memorable trip . I wish the movie was about something deeper than physical attraction , and our general insecurities . It 's not , so the stakes stay low . But it 's intriguing .
Does Brice even fully grasp what he 's getting at ? Maybe not . That 's why this is such a juicy specimen of the Cocktail Party Walpurgisnacht subgenre . He 's in nearly the same place as his riven characters .
I have n't laughed out loud so long and often at any comedy so far this year .
Deft and delicate and exquisitely uncomfortable , but it also offers revelations that are joyful , sad and true .
The result is a bit twisty , largely credible and well played by the talented leads .
`` The Overnight '' ends just as it starts to get interestingly messy ...
While size may not matter -LRB- the movie runs a short 79 minutes -RRB- , it 's not even relevant to something this flaccid .
`` The Overnight '' is the movie equivalent of fuzzy handcuffs : a tame and unimaginative attempt at spicing up the overly familiar scenario of a married couple trying to get their groove back .
It leaves us with an illogical , yet still nagging sense of been there , done that . The fun , nevertheless , is fun while it lasts .
Brice manages admirably to make his comedy at once daring and earnest , outlandish and relatable , obscene and sweet .
The Overnight steers clear of predictability-even if your memories of this daffy all-night party vanish into thin air as soon as you exit the theater .
The movie has its share of laughs ... but it 's mostly a missed opportunity to create an intelligent sex comedy about relationships in the 21st century .
A dizzying , debauched , excruciatingly funny film about knitting new connections through discomfort .
Both Schilling and Godrèche are far better than their roles here . But even they ca n't make The Overnight look better than an overlong `` Funny or Die '' sketch .
The pleasure of the movie lies in the way it both rewards and subverts expectations , delivering on the risqué possibilities of its premise while also coming up with something smarter and a little deeper than a log line might suggest .
You 're not going to find another film this summer that keeps surprising you the way this one does .
It 's a kinder , gentler sex comedy , and that 's pretty sexy .
An indecently hot and hilarious sex comedy with quartet of playfully scrappy actors who could n't be better suited to their roles or more eager to rouse our prurient interest .
Occasionally the film feels more like a string of acting exercises than a tightly edited sex comedy . Still , there 's plenty of raunchy romance here and some good , deliberately cringe-worthy lines .
It 's an unusual but effective mix of outrageousness and sincerity , in which the four anxious revelers function both as broad caricatures and as real , complex human beings .
... a refreshingly rule-breaking and thoroughly entertaining comedy that bends sexual norms with gusto and gleefully deflates gender-based insecurities .
There 's an insidious cleverness to `` The Overnight '' that keeps the audience just a bit off balance .
The Overnight has a handful of scenes that make you do the laugh/gasp combination , so crazy are the happenings in the plot . At the same time , there is something oddly touching about the movie 's portrait of marriage .
Brice ... needs only to sit back and let his actors excel in their comfort zones .
A sometimes dirty comedy that sincerely and wittily explores the anxieties that involve adopting genuinely progressive lifestyle choices .
The film 's Buñuelian potential for harpooning the bourgeoisie is quickly dashed in favor of mumblecore antics .
It 's a slender conceit stretched out about as far as it can go .
Might just be the best American sex comedy since Paul Mazursky 's ` Bob , Carol , Ted , and Alice . '' Jumps from extreme silliness to unbridled outrageousness to a truth most dramas do not achieve .
Beneath all of the jokes and physical humor , is a sweeter , more genuine story about four adults forming a connection .
An unsettling uncertainty gives emotional texture and depth to what could have been just another wish-fulfillment fantasy for frustrated thirtysomethings .
The first half is toxically weird and brings out some of the biggest chuckles . When the story turns in a completely different direction , all leading to an unearned ending , it ultimately just lacks clear satisfaction .
Absolutely hilarious and very well written , The Overnight is like a dinner party that you 'll want to stay at far into the morning .
Much , much more than a dueling penises movie .
Even as sex comedies go , this one is slight , but it 's funny .
It continues Patrick Brice 's -LRB- admittedly short -RRB- trend of delivering very funny films with a second , more dramatic layer underneath , but even if the relationship drama fails to move you the laughter created by the dialogue and visuals surely will .
Smart , playful , and hilarious , `` The Overnight '' is a delightful romp between the sheets .
like a post-sexual revolution 's BOB , TED , CAROL & ALICE .
The amount of laughs Patrick Brice is able to generate from such a simple idea and on such a small budget makes one think that he 's due for a breakout .
There 's this weird , unshakeable feeling of nostalgia by the time the credits roll : the party 's over , it 's time to go home , but damn , what a night .
There 's a breezy spirit and an agreeable touch of tenderness to the movie that makes it hard not to like , even if it never accumulates much substance .
An unpredictably weird and delightful sex comedy , `` The Overnight '' has a sly take on contemporary coupledom .
A perfectly cast quartet of actors buoy the slight , generally unpredictable antics of writer-director Patrick Brice 's second feature , though the film itself falls into an uncomfortable middle ground between trying too hard and not trying hard enough .

@highlight

Witty and unpredictable , The Overnight benefits from writer-director Patrick Brice 's sure-handed touch and strong performances from a talented cast .