Kids will love the 3-D aspect of this movie .
Robert Rodriquez continues in the vein of his `` Spy Kids '' films with another visually frenetic kiddie crowd-pleaser that will leave adult chaperons exiting the cinema nursing headaches .
The words Robert Rodriguez would come to regret saying for years to his son : `` This would make a cool movie '' .
A fun summer film for grade school kids , it avoids the subtle meanness and double entendres that filmmakers sometimes insert into films geared to children .
Rodriguez es un ni침o grande que trabaja como cineasta , pero ni침o al fin y al cabo . Esa es la verdadera tercera dimensi칩n del filme , la de su coraz칩n infantil
No amount of bells & whistles can salvage a screenplay this half-baked .
A movie for kids , by kids , even if Rodriguez was there for a little bit of technical supervision .
We find only disjointed clamor and confusion amid a babble of noise and flashing lights . The movie seemed to me little more than a clever afternoon special .
My 3-year-old kept his glasses on through most of the film , he remembered characters ' names and he did n't potty in his pants . That alone is worth the price of admission .
Avoid like Sharkboy-infested waters .
Reminds us , unequivocally , why 3-D has yet to catch on . `` Special '' effects notwithstanding , this Robert Rodriguez quickie is strictly for the younger set .
Robert Rodriguez ' paternal love for his son is admirable - but not if you have to pay the price of admission to this fumbling fiasco .
What a strange , disappointing , technically disastrous movie .
As Sharkboy , a young oceanographer raised by talking sharks , Lautner is a rare standout -- a child actor with a dark side .
Considering the fact that Sharkboy and Lavagirl is packed wall-to-wall with fantastic worlds of imagination , I 'd rather have seen them in -LSB- full -RSB- color than in 3-D .
evokes a dream world to such a degree that it may evaporate from memory soon after you leave
The juvenile inspiration gives the film its creative spark , making it the coolest home movie project imaginable for a father and son .
This may be the worst movie of the year !!! IK !!!
While the movie is far from perfect , overall it 's a worthy attempt .
Against the rest of Rodriguez 's work , it 's mostly forgettable . But it gives you the feeling he 's probably a pretty cool dad .
Movies this tiresome and obvious have no business in multiplexes .
A three-dimensional snoozer . Robert Rodriguez goes kiddie with Shark Boy .
It 's terrible 3-D . I think the story is terrible as well .
Aimed at an audience slightly younger than those for his Spy Kids films -LRB- despite the PG rating -RRB- , Sharkboy ... falls roughly in between frenzied and brilliant .
Bite me with shark teeth or cover me up with lava , but do n't make me ever have to sit through a movie this bad again .
Sharkboy and Lavagirl will entertain the youngest viewers but likely erode the good will Robert Rodriguez has built up in the family film genre .
Script-wise , the film dutifully harps on the importance of dreams and believing in oneself , but it is painfully repetitive and something that is proclaimed more than demonstrated .
A half-baked world no kid would want to visit .
You do n't need the 3D glasses to see the flaws .
If I were eight years old , I probably would think this movie was the greatest film ever made . However , being an adult , the movie just irritated me .
An amateurish 3D gimmick , an unoriginal story and acting that would make Screech cringe .
It 's like a poor man 's Neverending Story or an after-school special with an identity crisis .
Nothing 's scary , and everything 's so light it 's on the verge of evaporating .
A splashy bore .
Sharkboy & Lavagirl feels like a whimsical afterthought , a colorful kid-centric lark filled with admirable ideas and nothing to keep older viewers entertained .
The computer-generated settings have a Photoshop feel ; you can almost hear the mouse clicks .
A movie that fails on nearly every level .
The concept is cute and the movie starts out well , but it devolves into a muddled , overstuffed mess that wears out its welcome around the time the novelty of 3-D effects wears off .
This film simply does n't even work in two dimensions .
Shark Boy and Lava Girl have about as much appeal as a dogfish and a melting Barbie doll .
A rare window into a child 's uninhibited imagination and protean playfulness , tricked out with tongue-in-cheek 3-D effects as seen through one blue lens and one red one .
Parental pride may have clouded Rodriguez 's judgment .
Visually and even physically irritating , the movie follows dream logic , which is to say , no logic at all .
It 's a bit like taking a first-grader 's finger paintings off the refrigerator and submitting them for a show at the Metropolitan Museum of Art .
The movie makes no sense , in any of its three dimensions .
The movie is unbelievably ugly . The garish colors Rodriguez loves so much wash out in 3-D .
All the goodwill in the world wo n't rescue this mess . I suspect any kid who 's even half media savvy will be put off as well .
You ca n't get this kind of full-on sensory-jolt anywhere else , not legally anyway .
Sharkboy & Lavagirl , while noble , imaginative and a huge valentine to family involvement , unfortunately just is n't all that interesting .
It 's pretty clear that all those terrific ideas could use a little discipline and maturity before they ever amount to a truly great movie .
The low-tech film looks like a kid 's crude drawing , plays like entry-level Game Boy , and is about as nourishing as a Tootsie Pop .
Rodriguez World is a unique cinematic space that only truly inspired children , and child-men , could bring to life .
The story is impossible , the acting generally awful and the 3-D effects so unremarkable that you 're tempted to yank off the glasses and watch it with the naked eye .
an hour and a half of bad child actors , non-stop cartoon special effects and another chance for kids to get excited about wearing those uncomfortable 3D glasses
A film that must be watched with a pair of cardboard glasses stuck across one 's face . Oh , goodie . This may not be unmitigated joy for persons older than 8 or 9 , tops . Just so you know .
Squinting through cardboard glasses you get at the door , you see washed-out colors , blurred images and not enough pop-out to merit the trade-off .
For a movie aimed at children , Shark Boy and Lava Girl is gloomy .
Great effort for a kid , perhaps , but not worthy of the big screen box office .
It 's not just that this fable about a picked-on kid whose dreams come true is an excruciatingly dumb kids ' movie . It 's that it returns us to the bad old days of 3D , when the images were rendered too murky to appreciate .
Watch this movie and you wonder : How did it get made ?
Barely fresh ... and then only for 10 year olds and younger .
Not only is it empowering to kids just learning to trust their own ideas , but , like Spy Kids , it reminds kids that fighting is not always the answer .
Rodriguez is a long way off from the energy of the original Spy Kids , and the difference lies between the definitions of `` childlike '' and `` childish . ''
This imaginative but silly and headache-inducing adventure film was created largely by Racer Maximillian Rodriguez , the young son of filmmaker Robert Rodriguez . And it should have been left in his subconscious .
Sounds like a grand old time -- a hip fusion of Nickelodeon attitude , the wittier children 's books , and retro kitsch culture . In fact , it 's a nearly unwatchable combination of the worst elements of all three .
Rodriguez would be advised to take a step back from the chintzy , plastic red-and-blue eyewear since what 's on the screen is already more than enough .
The 3D sequences look like a washed-out version of the rest of the movie . What 's missing ? The humor and the light-hearted fun of a kid 's adventure .
The rest of us , especially parents who have to take those kids to the theater , will have to get used to living without little things like story or characters or coherence .
Youngsters will enjoy it even as their more worldly and cynical elders - anyone over the age of 10 - will wish they were someplace else .
So technically flawed it is nearly unwatchable . Audiences would be justified in filing a class-action suit against the studio .
The 3-D glasses are destined to end up under the seat of your car 15 minutes after the screening ... lost and forgotten , along with any lasting memories of this film .
Okay , it 's simplistic Saturday-morning-cartoon stuff , but it 's so cool looking that the younger set will be taken in .
Imagination is important . WE GET IT . Now how about coming up with an interesting story ?
Has a rushed , thrown-together feel to it made all the more glaring by cheesy 3-D that is ugly and does n't work in any way , shape or form .
The Adventures of SB & LG , are a family funtime extravaganza ! ...
Some dreams are better left unrealized .
Mind-numbingly boring and woodenly acted ... The Rodriguezes are subjecting everyone to their own home movie
Bizarre and -LRB- if you can endure the glasses -RRB- visually interesting .
It 's hard to argue that a film wo n't capture a kid 's imagination when it comes from a kid 's imagination . But I will argue nonetheless .
While the overall message is positive , it is not particularly powerful .
An innocent and delightful children 's tale that is spoiled by a disastrous decision to film most of it in lousy 3-D .
Robert Rodriguez 's muddled adventure movie is based on characters and themes created by his son , Racer Max , when he was 7 .
There 's sad news to report about The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D : Put on the cardboard glasses , and you can still see the movie .
There is such a joy of play in the film that it 's easy to overlook the overdone performances and the lazy script shortcuts .
While the digital backdrops are suitably out of this world , the movie lacks action and momentum .
Robert Rodriguez 's intentions seem honorable : to make a charming , low-tech , 3-D movie for children , based on the writings of his preteen son . But the result is astoundingly boring and , frankly , tedious to sit through .
Shark Boy is a brave undertaking , but for anyone over 9 years of age , it 's also a complete chore to sit through .
You 'll know who the target audience is when you discover the story 's setting is called Planet Drool , and the hero is an imaginative schoolboy who joins the title characters to fight the evil Mr. Electric and save the world .
Strikes a nice balance of gee-whiz fantasy and tongue-in-cheek humor .
The injury of 3D eyestrain -LSB- adds -RSB- to the insult of garish production design ... -LSB- looks -RSB- like a 94-minute Saturday-morning commercial for Marshmallow Toast Crunch ...
Dreams are necessary , but without focus and meaning they are cotton candy -- a sweet delight until it melts away , leaving a sugar buzz and a sticky film on your teeth .
It 's an imaginative movie , likably performed by kids who seem awkwardly real and featuring swell messages about friendship and unselfishness .
Visually , the film is impressive . Rodriguez has an incredible imagination and the computer skills to bring it to vivid life .
3-D is awful . It 's annoying , and tiresome , and stupid . If you are an adult , it is bearable for about five minutes , if that . Then you will probably feel the need to close your eyes . Forever .
Avoid this at all costs .
Rodriguez , whose prankish production design was the real star of the original Spy Kids , has become a prisoner of his 3-D mandate .
-LSB- A -RSB- slight but immensely enjoyable charmer .
-LSB- L -RSB- ooks and sounds and feels as if it were ... made by kids who 'd broken into Dad 's toolshed and borrowed his filmmaking toys .
... best left hanging on the Rodriguez family refrigerator , not in theaters for all to see .
Every time you stop to catch your breath , the movie 's round , electric eyes stare up at you and push you to keep going . After all , the sun 's up and bedtime is an eternity away .
Of course your children will enjoy it -- given enough flashing lights and farting noises , they 'll like a George Lucas movie .
A strenuously merry , digitally produced folly that cavorts weakly like a parent over-involved in his kid 's playtime .
Pure Robert Rodriguez creativity , bordering on insanity , but definitely something different . Give him credit . Robert Rodriguez sure knows how to switch gears .
Nothing to celebrate : it 's a garish , cluttered piece of plasticine whimsy that 's as derivative as it is leaden .
Paced well for kids , heavy on puns , and plants a few `` thought-proking '' seeds , but never commits to more than surface depth .
In order to review a movie , the first step is to look at the screen , which is sadly something I could not bear to do throughout most of Sharkboy and Lavagirl .
Based on characters created by Rodriguez 's then-seven-year-old son , Racer Max , the film does n't belong in wide release . It belongs on a refrigerator door , alongside ' 100 % ' spelling tests , old lunch menus , and notices from the PTA .
A jumble of concepts and half-baked imaginings .
An often imaginative though less than magical family feature .
Rodriguez assures that even this minor film can be overflowing with invention and comedic alertness .
See it if you love 3D movies and you are a bullied kid .
Sharkboy offers up a piece of sage advice when he remarks , `` You snooze , you win . ''
will , one fervently hopes , put an end to Robert Rodriguez 's foray in children 's films .











@highlight

The decision to turn this kiddie fantasy into a 3-D film was a miscalculation .