This is completely and utterly Faris ' film .
An utterly predictable and formulaic comedy given a huge kick in the keester courtesy of its effervescent star .
... it 's hard to deny the effectiveness of Anna Faris ' energetically go-for-broke performance ...
Why the film works : Anna . Faris .
The result is n't very funny , and its sexual politics are as muddled as you 'd expect , but Faris is sweet and likable as the sort of wise dumbbell Judy Holliday used to play .
Not funny , not sexy , not even obnoxious enough to get anyone worked up , The House Bunny truly establishes a new low water mark for 2008 cinema .
The flatness of humor comes from the directing and timing , rather than necessarily the dialogue or actor skill . More than once I thought to myself , `` That joke totally could have worked . ''
There 's a sublimely goofy tone to this profoundly inept film that keeps us smiling from start to finish
With strong comic performances and some good laughs , The House Bunny is fluffy , forgettable fun , but it 's no Legally Blonde .
This silly comedy has a few decent jokes in its otherwise dim screenplay . However , its parody is as toothless as Hefner probably is by now .
The ending is predictably feel-good - if it takes way too long coming - but the female-penned script keeps you perky with some surprisingly surreal flashes ... such as : ` The eyes are like the nipples of the face . '
One could be forgiven for thinking that the American college system is merely one big popularity contest . Certainly , no one does anything outrageous like read a book .
It is all so cheesy , The Sneak almost felt like not wanting to be a film critic anymore .
Every banality is trotted out right on cue , from the makeover montage to the awkward first date , to the usual hoary old moral about being true to yourself , making this one bunny due for the casserole pot .
Depressingly for a film written by two women , it 's relentlessly sexist in its insistence that , in order to attract men , women must appear brainless and dress like a hooker .
Fish-out-of-water formulaics are lifted by a starlet on the up . The story is pure bubblegum , but surrender to the silliness and you 'll be endeared . A must for anyone who 's been hanging on for Legally Blonde 3 .
Without Anna Faris - undoubtedly the best thing in Scary Movies - this would be just another superficial wheeze about the perils of superficiality .
For all Faris 's buoyancy , this is nowhere near as good as Legally Blonde , or all the other vaguely grrl-power teen movies it mimics .
Less than awesome .
But there is a lunatic sense of adventure about Fred Wolf 's saucy comedy , and it smothers all sorts of unforgiveable sins .
This tale of a ` Playboy ' bunny would be flopsy mopsy without Anna Faris .
This aims for ` Legally Blonde ' / ` Mean Girls ' status , but ends up being a throwaway , if entertaining , plea for casting directors to start taking Faris more seriously .
God bless Anna Faris , who 's so good that the second star at the bottom of this review is entirely down to her . Otherwise , this Bunny would be headed for the vet .
Hefner resembles a benign zombie these days and no doubt was pleasured by the free publicity for Playboy .
Faris 's Marilyn Monroe-inspired breathy delivery feels forced and gets old fast . Only the scene-stealing Emma Stone shows any promise .
It takes sexism to a new low , and it manages to attack women in the last place on earth where they continue to outperform men -- in universities .
The film 's only noteworthy features prove to be the scenes inside the Playboy mansion , where a wrinkled Hugh Hefner shows up , doing his weary best to put in a credible performance as himself .
It 's computer-written stuff , stiffly directed by first-timer Fred Wolf , but it 's light and fun and sports a decent quota of passable gags .
This puerile so-called comedy is a complete waste of the talents of Anna Faris , a cheeky beauty who is obviously channelling Marilyn Monroe - God forbid a remake of Some Like it Hot is in the works .
If you left Legally Blonde and Revenge of the Nerds DVDs in a darkened room for long enough , something like House Bunny would eventually totter out .
Fairly predictable
Strictly for blondes who like pink , this ultra girlie chick flick meets the criteria for its target audience with likeable characters searching for acceptance as they are . If you take the film on its own level , it is a lot of fun , and teenage girls
Formulaic but fun , thanks to Faris .
Fans of comedies like Legally Blonde and Mean Girls should get a kick out of Anna Faris ' amusing starring vehicle , even if this one is n't quite as sly or slickly produced .
The House Bunny manages the near impossible : to undercut the dignity of the Playboy brand .
For something that looked as potentially stupid as it did in the trailers , you 'll be laughing a heck of a lot .
... breezy and banal ... hops nowhere particularly interesting . Overall , there 's nothing whimsical , fuzzy or provocative about this chosen Bunny .
a mixed message designed to sell what it purports to subvert , also known as having it both ways
One of the misfits is told by Anna Faris to try to strike up a conversation with some boys , so she goes over and says , ` Where 's the crapper ? ' Credible ? Funny ? Not .
... there 's a reason the movie 's impossible not to like , and her name is Anna Faris ...
Anna Farris is so perfect in the title role that she alone makes this a movie worth watching
-LSB- Faris -RSB- gives an A performance in the kind of farce from which she 's more than ready to graduate .
The House Bunny stays simplistic just like Legally Blonde . Anna Faris deserves better .
Plods along its bumbling , good-natured path to exactly the conclusion you expected before you were handed the ticket .
Anna Faris gives one of the best performances of the year thus far in a movie that never comes within swiping distance of deserving it .
It 's a bit derivative , but issues of originality aside , I 've got to admit that I found this late-summer comedy to be quite charming , and frequently very funny .
This is basically an inferior version of -LSB- Legally Blonde -RSB- , and it is n't even up to the standards of last year 's similarly plotted Amanda Bynes comedy Sydney White .
If The House Bunny catches on with audiences , it could do for Anna Faris what Legally Blonde did for Reese Witherspoon .
Acting is n't the problem . The problem is the screenplay and direction .
The unstoppable Anna Faris has perk in her pipes and a pep in her step , but a bum script working at every turn to tear her down . That 's a shame , because with the right material , Faris could do very well , indeed .
Anna Faris might just be the lightest comedic heavyweight .
Although not even as strong as this year 's admittedly hit-and-miss Baby Mama , it does serve as a solid showcase for Faris
Anna Faris redeems a lot of it .
Faris fans should see it for her showcase , and nonfans might convert by the end
A slapdash affair largely lacking in laughs .
While Anna Faris looks gorgeous and nails her `` dumb blonde with a heart of gold '' persona in most scenes , the rest of ` The House Bunny ' hops limply along .
Hopefully The House Bunny -LSB- wo n't -RSB- breed like a rabbit and give us several sequels .
Think of it as Beach Blanket Bingo for Generation Why .
Their makeovers are not superficial . It 's just basic interaction . It 's not bad to dress like human beings . And making over that brace is a real triumph over adversity .
Still , Anna Faris wore a lot of skimpy outfits . And that spoke to me as a viewer .
A thoroughly predictable empowerment-fantasy/fish-out-of - water comedy that owes its modest success entirely to its star .
The House Bunny gets the difference between being openhearted and empty-headed .
If dumb alone was funny this comedy would be a scream .
Almost worth seeing just for Faris ' spot-on work ... Shelley becomes an endearing character in Faris ' nonjudgmental hands .
The criminal waste of Faris ' comedic gifts should have half of Hollywood locked up .
While The House Bunny is sure to appeal more to the female demographic , at least the guys who get dragged into watching this particular chick flick by their dates can feel solace in knowing that it could be a whole lot worse .
Puts a cheerful spin on its many cliches . This particular wheel has n't been reinvented , but at least it gets a nice fresh coat of bubblegum-pink paint and a star to pilot it with aplomb .
House Bunny 's Legally Blonde roots show .
100 percent of the laughs come courtesy of Faris , who 's particularly good in the early going , when her babe-in-the-woods act reaches Homer Simpson-like heights of comic obliviousness . As usual , the movie eventually lets her down .
Anna Faris is that rare commodity . She 's a true star .
The House Bunny may be what some boys like , but there are doubtless moviegoers out there of both sexes who would like to see Faris hop into some decent onscreen material .
I laughed about a dozen times during The House Bunny , always because of Anna Faris . I cringed at The House Bunny about 50 times , always because of everything else .
Let 's hope Anna Faris ' next project looks past her outer beauty and unleashes her inner weirdo .
The plot is beyond predictable . Seriously , write down every scene from Legally Blonde and Revenge of the Nerds on index cards , shuffle and then deal your movie .
-LSB- A -RSB- hodgepodge of unfunny , sophomoric humor and PG-13 T&A , frosted by a sheen of appallingly nauseous ` drama . '
This film from the Adam Sandler fun factory starts with a series of obnoxious , dated stereotypes , and never quite flips them into something positive .
This is pretty much a one-woman show for Faris , and she does n't get much help from director Fred Wolf .
Faris gives her all to the role , finally getting her chance to carry a movie instead of forever being typecast as the supporting girl . But the script just is n't there .
Some laughs , but an iffy message for girls .
Somebody , somewhere save Anna Faris .
In The House Bunny , Anna Faris steps up to her first full-fledged leading role and falls right on her adorable face .
The dog days of summer have arrived , and I 'm not talking about the weather .
Factory made , nothing new ... and really funny .
Faris ' clueless innocence and pretty features make stupidity charming , even sweet . It 's a performance that nearly redeems an utterly formulaic comedy , and affirms her position as one of our brightest comedians .
Perhaps one day Anna Faris will appear in a movie as funny as she is .
The closest thing to laughs in the movie are Shelley 's many pratfalls , but those get old faster than a thirtysomething Bunny , and in the end , you 're not sure what anybody has learned .
If the filmmakers had focused more of their time and energy on having fun with the ditsy bombshell stereotype -LRB- where Faris is obviously having a blast portraying that -RRB- and left her that way without any unnecessary character growth , this could have been so
The transformed Shelley loses some of her Tammy Faye eyeliner but little of her precious dimness , careful not to violate the broad streak of anti-intellectualism that Hollywood has always reflected and reinforced in the American psyche .
Bunny is caged in some outdated , male-centric world , where sexy women are bimbos , smart women are frumps and all are willing to change themselves to score guys .
Say this for Faris : Even though The House Bunny may be , she 's not -- dumb .
Anna Faris , you 're a funny person . Or at least you can be funny in the right material , which is why you deserve better than The House Bunny .
The House Bunny gets its hop from the terrific Anna Faris .
It does n't turn any corners , it 's lazy , and it 's content to keep playing dumb long after it 's really funny .
Revenge of the Nerds gets a feminine twist in this entertaining and uplifting chuckler .
Let me make this simple . Faris is incredible . She elevates the film out of its doldrums and its idiotic familiarity and takes it to a place that 's almost worthwhile .
... entirely and hilariously lovable .
When you get beyond her adorable looks , Faris is a hilarious comic actress .
Although the film is yet another in a long line of hackneyed , low-brow comedies this year , it is rescued by the witty charms and bubbly personality of its star .
This is one of those flicks that you almost feel bad liking as a critic but I could not help laughing throughout this entire film .
You 've heard the term sex bomb . Now hear this : The House Bunny is a nuclear sex bomb , a radioactive weapon deadly to all forms of life ...
Faris ' ability to turn an otherwise mediocre exercise into a charming farce may not earn her any awards , but it gives us something to look forward to - namely , her next movie .
... there is really only one surprise : It 's funny . Dumb , yes , but funny .
Offers more actual empowerment and inspiration to young women than the phony Sex and the City or Mamma Mia ! , and it 's a lot funnier to boot .
The screenplay inflicts a little more injury on Faris than it intends to by committing the very sins it half-heartedly attempts to parody .
Her -LSB- Faris ' -RSB- charisma and comic timing , coupled with the schizophrenic script by Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith , makes The House Bunny a recommendable comedy .
Like a modern-day Lucille Ball , Anna Faris is a pure and utter natural , brilliant at getting a laugh and just as adept at finding the pathos in the unexpected . This is the brightest comedy so far this year .
Faris is rarity in the industry : a legitimately hilarious performer with a virtuoso sense of timing and screwball articulation .
As much as the word ` vapid ' is thrown around in the movie , it 's also the perfect adjective to describe it . There are much better comedies out there right now to waste time on this one .
It 's a movie that wastes the talents of up-and-comers -LRB- Emma Stone from Superbad -RRB- , rising stars -LRB- the sublimely funny -- in other movies -- Anna Faris -RRB- and talented vets -LRB- Beverly D'Angelo , looking like she wishes she were anywhere else -RRB- alike .
Despite a winning performance by Anna Faris , the film falls on its keister so many times that before long the perky pinkness turns bruising black-and-blue .
If another dumb-blonde joke is something you 've hoped never to suffer again , make every effort to avoid the protracted punch line that constitutes the bulk of The House Bunny .
The purpose of this comedy is to serve as a showcase for Anna Faris , whose sunny disposition and solid comic timing make The House Bunny more enjoyable than it ought to be .
-LSB- An -RSB- on-and-off comedy ... as airheaded as its ditzy heroine . But it has a goofily good-natured quality .
By imposing a predictable message , it obscures the satire .
A terrific Anna Faris keeps this formulaic campus comedy hopping .
The House Bunny is a blissfully broad comedy that should catapult Anna Faris into a singular kind of stardom .
Anna Faris has taken a lot of hits for Hollywood , most of them literal .
Anna Faris has been shaping up as the most inventive screen comedienne of her generation .
Anna Faris is one of the funniest actresses in movies today , but you would n't know it from the wretched The House Bunny .
Approaches the idea of telling a compelling story pretty casually . The House Bunny knows from the outset its plot is n't very interesting .
What else can you say about a movie when Christopher McDonald counting to 30 is the funniest thing that happens in it ?




@highlight

Anna Faris is game , but she ca n't salvage this middling , formulaic comedy .