Intelligent , inspiring and insightful , this is a thought provoking celebration of the at times difficult juncture between high fashion and cultural appropriation .
-LSB- First Monday -RSB- is a good-enough doc if not an exemplary one .
Fashion is all about brushing over things ; about wondering at the beautiful exterior while refusing to confront the myriad complexities -- and at times ugliness -- that lies beneath
A film that , with each look , each sentence , each reproach , is conforming itself as an interesting portrait of characters , commanded by a great protagonist . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This was more interesting than I thought it would be not just because it shows how much work , thought and creativity goes into such a show , but because of the deep connection to film in this project .
Maddeningly unfocused .
The doc clearly tells us that we better believe that fashion should be viewed as art because fashion creates dreams .
I am always a sucker for the eye-gasm of a fashion documentary .
Both events are minefields of planning and politics , which Rossi captures well , though meanderingly at times .
Maybe this needed someone like Tom Wolfe to anatomise the proceedings fully .
As thoughtful , funny and fascinating as the words Karl Lagerfeld utters on seeing an unwieldy dress : `` When it 's that beautiful - who cares if you can walk in it ? ''
Aesthetics go out the window with the opening night 's self-absorbed celebrity fundraiser .
The kind of party you 'll almost definitely never get an invite to .
Bursting at the seams with celebrity appearances and day-to-day drama , the appeal of The First Monday in May should reach far beyond the style-savvy and fashion-conscious .
Andrew Rossi has shot some amazing footage that makes this a compelling view from start to finish .
Trapped inside The First Monday in May is a provocative , insightful documentary about Western appropriation of Eastern culture . Alas , it keeps being beaten back down by shots of celebrities .
It will appeal to fans of Wintour 's brand and style devotees , but it likely wo n't make too many converts outside her kingdom .
In the end , it all comes down to a collaboration between art , commerce and celebrity .
... is watchable enough ...
It is more than a glossy celebrity cover shoot . It has both beauty and brains .
Interesting if not fascinating , your appreciation will increase the more you like the kind of stuff these people work on .
The documentary does n't really tell us much about the items in the show either . But it gives us enough glimpses of the content to ensure that it is beautiful to look at .
Sumptuous and entertaining no matter where you stand on the whole fashion thing .
Fascinating and tense - almost thriller like , the film offers more food for thought than you may anticipate
The proposition that fashion is art is the subject of this fabulous documentary
If you do n't care about fashion there is another issue that unfolds fascinatingly over the course of the film : whether the theme of `` the impact of Chinese aesthetics on Western fashion '' is actually a celebration of Orientalism .
Art and celebrity collide , with celebrity winning .
Gorgeous , gossipy , yet penetrating documentary about the marriage of culture and commerce .
`` First Monday could be more accurately titled `` A lot of miscellaneous stuff related in some way to the Costume Institute 's annual gala , its 2015 China exhibition , and the people involved with each . ''
There are many deliciously revealing moments , including discussions about who will sit where at the gala - there has to be a celebrity at every table - and whether Vogue can afford to pay Rihanna twice the usual fee to entertain the guests .
Will lights and hardware be ready ? Can they afford the $ 200K demanded by headliner Rihanna ? The viewer 's pulse may rise , too , as Rossi 's camera roams frantic hallways , offices and limos .
The film 's focus is too easily distracted by celebrity and turns less documentary and more fawning love letter to an industry already in love with itself .
Rossi and his subjects explore that uncomfortable compromise between art and commerce , which , in its own way , can also be something beautiful . Where else would art historians work alongside Wong Kar-wai , Baz Luhrmann and Rihanna ?
Attended by all the Clooneys , Hathaways , and Kardashians you could ever want to watch , Monday 's big night is shot with such intimate detail , you 'll feel like you were there -- without having to worry about what to wear .
a treat that is excites awe , envy , and schadenfreude
... features abundant behind-the-scenes footage and insider interviews to satisfy fashion buffs , although it needs a tighter and more persuasive focus for outsiders .
Fawning above all else , the Tribeca 2016 opener is handsomely crafted , but there 's a total lack of focus , let alone a visual identity .
It 's very inside baseball about the inner workings of a fashion event . That said , there 's a delicious depiction of fashion as fantasy that 's worth the price of admission .
The movie has been smartly built to satisfy hardcore fashionistas and red-carpet gawkers in equal measure .
Debates about how best to represent both fashion and China - with the likes of Baz Luhrmann and Wong Kar-wai weighing in - are provocative and useful . But Rihanna walking the red carpet in an Asian-inspired ensemble is fine art in motion .
Call it superficial , but I call it irrefutable : Life is a runway , and Andrew Rossi 's documentary The FirstMonday in Maymakes a strong case for fashion - that oft-demonized form of expression - as an art form .
The movie is sloppy : A section concerning Asian stereotypes discusses the vintage film star Anna May Wong , but indiscriminately includes images of Ona Munson in `` The Shanghai Gesture . '' `` First Monday '' also coddles its interview subjects .
The whole film is a delicious excuse to gawk - at the magnificent costumes , at the diplomatic dance of museum personnel and party planners , and at the sumptuous squish of so many egos sharing space .
It 's a film that effectively combines two distinct - and very different - pleasures .
One of the better fashion docs is this juicy insider , in-depth survey of what goes into the industry 's biggest night of the year .
`` The First Monday in May '' is n't a deep examination of its subjects , but at least it 's breathtaking to look at .
A lush behind-the-scenes peep that tacitly argues that not only is fashion art but so , if you will , are fashion shows .
Andrew Rossi pays sporadic lip service to recognizing cultural specificity before returning to his star-gazing ways .
-LSB- Rossi -RSB- effectively goes behind the scenes , capturing the complicated logistics that go into the creation of the exhibition and its accompanying gala . The former element provides the film 's emotionally richest moments .
Anyone intrigued by the fashion world will gain some understanding of the power players involved in this seminal showcase , which mostly just salutes their accomplishments using competent techniques .
Rossi provides an attractive overview of the exhibition for those who did not attend it , but we are left feeling something like Wong , seeing a lot of pretty things surrounded by vapidity .
Outsiders might have more difficulty summoning interest in these self-absorbed types , but Rossi maintains plenty of focus on fashion and its design achievements , massaging in educational moments .
In ... subtle touches , the filmmaker most quietly , and convincingly , affirms fashion 's legitimacy as an art form akin to that of other expressive mediums .
The lack of conflict or real insight could mean that the film 's theatrical prospects might be limited to fashion fans , however its appeal within that section of the audience will be considerable .

@highlight

First Monday in May may not resonate far beyond its target demographic , but for fashion aficionados , it should prove utterly absorbing .