Repetitive , violent , and with a very basic story , this film is a light and mediocre entertainment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As far as this franchise goes , it looks like it 's game over as the only thing extinct is the creativity .
Zombie sequel is just as grisly as the first two .
There does n't seem to be much other point to Extinction , with its disposable story and its ever-more-conspicuous lack of any original ideas .
Director Russell Mulcahy is revered by genre fans for his work on the original Highlander , but he wo n't gain many followers outside Fangoria circles with this over-the-top splatter fest .
The latest installment in writer/producer Paul W.S. Anderson 's Resident Evil series may have opened atop the box office , but hardcore gamers know where the real action is .
Groovy bit of multiplex pandemonium
Rips from as many movies as possible , and fails to even do that right .
The franchise is becoming almost as mindless as the zombies it portrays , lumbeirng on with only repetitive instinct , while all true vitality has long since passed away .
najve % u0107i adut filma je , kao i uvijek , Milla Jovovich
Falha até mesmo na tarefa de levar o público a se importar com seus personagens ; não há uma única baixa entre os mocinhos que realmente faça o espectador sentir um nó na garganta ou simplesmente pensar `` Que pena . Era uma boa pessoa . '' .
The action at times is pretty effective , from an attack by an infected flock of crows , to some brutal fighting in a sand-engulfed Las Vegas .
Fun , forgettable stuff -- but also a -LRB- slightly -RRB- better film than the reviews would have you believe .
Milla Jovovich does a female chauvinist dressed-to-kill biker babe , while dodging cannibalistic crows . Rarely has mass murder been so dull . Pass the smelling salts .
A Western-tinged adventure whose innovations are so scant that the only things keeping the enterprise afloat are clumsy references to its predecessors .
The Alice you care about most , the one who kills zombies with splits and panache -LRB- and machetes -RRB- is actually not on Isaacs ' monitor and is not dead yet .
Alice is back . She remembers everything , mostly because we 've seen it all before .
Russell Mulcahy of Highlander fame ensures that production values are strong even if logic is weak and the script sounds like it was written on the back of an envelope .
One or two good action sequences keep boredom at bay for a while , but so little of it is fresh that extinction ca n't come too soon .
It 's high time for `` Resident Evil : Enough is Enough '' .
Those zombies are back on the march in the third instalment of the horror-action series that plays like a rip-off of George A Romero 's Day Of The Dead , only with a much lower IQ .
While it does n't present anything that is in any way original , it 's fast and fun enough not to outstay its welcome .
Milla Jovovich reprises her tough-girl-in-sexy-thigh-boots role , and the survivors travel in Mad Max conveys up and down desert highways in search of fuel .
Resident Evil : Extinction does exactly what you 'd expect from a threequel - it 's not especially scary or witty but if you want hot chicks kicking zombie arse then it delivers enough action to keep the Friday night crowd happy .
Scaling dizzy heights of sheer averageness , the third in writer / producer Paul WS Anderson 's stillborn zombie saga is the best - or least worst - yet .
Better than the silly second instalment and boasting an effectively creepy empty world setting , it 's nevertheless scuppered by a lack of coherence .
The scariest visage is that of Alice , whose flawless , airbrushed complexion is either a throwback to Mulcahy 's New Romantic pop promos or something dictated by Jovovich 's L'Oréal contract .
Extinction is basically a robotic and wretched screen-sized visual video game that never challenges or stimulates the audience 's rush for genuine outrageous freakiness .
Director Russell Mulcahy , a veteran of sci-fi tat , knows well enough to keep his camera firmly focussed on the exploding heads , and of course , there 's the semi-naked Milla . One for Saturday night DVD rental , really .
Almost all of it has to do with watching the occasionally nude Jovovich look absolutely smashing in duster and sidearms , but sometimes , let 's face it , that 's not enough .
There are some cheap thrills to be had , but nothing spectacular or even truly memorable happens .
-LSB- It -RSB- will please series aficionados but leave newcomers mostly fidgety and baffled .
Aussie filmmaker Russell Mulcahy piles on the atmosphere to make up for lack of originality in the script or production design . He also knows which bones to throw zombie movie fans , who relish the methodology of destroying the slow moving freaks
Having no beginning or middle , the story also has no end , just a set-up for Part Four .
If you are willing to leave your brains and good taste at the door , you may well find Resident Evil : Extinction to be a guilty pleasure of the purest genetic strain .
It is neither as clamorous nor as trashy as the first two films .
On its own action/horror terms , this is the most successful ` threequel ' of the year , if only because it actually improves on its silly predecessors .
The final chapter in the videogame franchise deviates too far from its roots to be saved .
No better or worse than its video game-derived predecessors , hack-for-hire Russell Mulcahy 's tired schlockfest blatantly rips off other , infinitely better sci-fi chillers .
A mad scientist -LRB- Iain Glen -RRB- , hired to domesticate the zombies with serum he derives from the blood of Alice or her clones , is actually breeding superzombies to no discernible purpose other than adding gore and mayhem .
It 's an unapologetically popcorn movie but it 's done just how you like it , with some really special moments . Enjoy .
Resident Evil : Extinction plays like a flabby middle chapter , full of nerdy details but fraudulently short on the ruined Vegas-scape that ads have been promising .
Despite finding the prospect of legions of zombie crows appealing , the sad fact is that they 're not very well done , and they 're housed in a movie that 's even worse .
Now , do n't get me wrong . I 'm all about flesh-eating zombie movies . Just not this one .
Zombie heads are energetically cracked into in a manner that will please franchise aficionados but leave series newcomers somewhat fidgety and yawningly bemused .
A grimly efficient horror thriller that delivers exactly what the other two entries did : monsters , gore , and a heavily armed Milla Jovovich in boots and garters .
Everything about this competently made but utterly hollow movie is exactly what you 'd expect , even if you have n't seen either of its predecessors .
For the 90 or so minutes it ran I admit I had a massively juvenile good time , the film providing just enough thrills , chills and gory spills to keep my mind from dwelling on just how idiotically routine much of it actually was .
Milla Jovovich , an actress who vividly demonstrates what the world would look like if Miss Teen South Carolina was licensed to kill .
Equal parts Mad Max and Day of the Dead , this third and supposedly final entry in the Resident Evil franchise is no less derivative than its predecessors but moves along at a brisk clip .
If ever a movie was made for a quick in-and-out engagement at the multiplex , this is it .
Resident Evil : Extinction is no more interesting than watching someone else play with his Xbox .
The action is not so much bloody as bloody monotonous .
The story and characters are surprisingly engaging , with fight scenes and scares effectively placed between plot turns .
It 's the first of the agonizing Resident Evil movies that could remotely be considered fun .
There 's no story , the dialogue will make you laugh out loud , the special effects are often cheesy , the acting is terrible and any scary bits are announced in advance through ham-handed movie making .
Fast-paced and filled with brisk action sequences , the film should reasonably satisfy the devotees .
The third in the modestly successful franchise spawned by the ultraviolent video-game , Resident Evil : Extinction provides little in the way of satisfying explanations or , for that matter , satisfying anything .
There is n't much to it beyond the usual gamer-friendly plotting , grisly fight scenes and highly advanced Halloween makeup .
What plot there is in Resident Evil : Extinction -- the denouement of which is disappointingly incomplete -- serves solely to set up the gunslinging action , given a Wild West flair by its setting in Las Vegas and the surrounding desert .
It 's all so much more fun when you 're the one with the controller , telling the heroes what to do : Watching this stuff unfold onscreen is like sitting by while someone plays your video games without you .
The third installment in the video-game-derived series of films is not exactly dull but never interesting either .
The only thing that matters in a film like this is whether the main character looks cool -LRB- yes -RRB- and whether the action and gore are exciting -LRB- a qualified yes -RRB-
At least -LSB- the series -RSB- has been consistently bad , but Extinction might be the worst of them .
Even with all the problems this film has , it works because Jovovich really holds the screen and your attention . When she 's in battle mode you have no choice but to just shut your mind off and go with it . It 's a perfect time waster that wo n't challenge you
When postapocalypse movies like this one seem to be striving to advance the idea that the human race is too stupid to survive , why not just let us die already ?
In the new Russell Mulcahy movie , `` Resident Evil : Extinction , '' one scene is effective . You wanted more than one ? Wrong movie .
Resident Evil : Extinction brings to mind an alt-metal remake of Romero 's Day of the Dead .
With nothing much left to do in its third installment , Resident Evil : Extinction heads for Alfred Hitchcock territory and gives us The Birds .
It 's hard to recommend a Resident Evil movie , but even harder to say I would n't see part four .
This is far from the trilogy-topping finale it was meant to be , but at least there 's some good to be made of this experience : it 's the last Resident Evil film we 'll ever have to sit through again .
Simply more mindless mayhem .
Pic never really achieves maximum velocity as a full-throttle action-adventure opus , despite game efforts by returning star Milla Jovovich .
I could probably spend an entire weekend watching Milla twirl her kukris
If there 's a lesson to be learned from the third film , it 's that these flicks need to be all pay-off .
What happened to the old zombie films that could scare you with just a look , not with hundred watt sound ?
Its goals are modest , but it delivers .
More of the same game .
With clever lifts from `` The Birds '' and Cormac McCarthy 's bleak `` The Road , '' you have a rare movie that was n't screened for critics yet is actually worth watching .
The palette is post-apocalyptic America , with generous squeezes of every cinematic pigment from The Omega Man to Mad Max to Night of the Living Dead . Really , the lack of flying saucers ultimately becomes quite amazing .
Gorehounds and zombie freaks should enjoy the zombie scenes ... But rotten zombie brains splattered into the camera lens does not always a good movie make .
Not nearly as dumb as the previous movie , but still fairly dull despite a few impressive action sequences .
... not as action-packed or gory as the first film , but for those who enjoy the cinematic series and are hoping to see a worthy winding-down free of cop-outs , Mulcahy 's monster movie wo n't disappoint .
True to its video game origins , the movie is basically one set-piece after another , all going something like this . Alice -LRB- sometimes another character -RRB- enters a new environment . It is quiet . Too quiet . Then something scary and gross happens .
Even those of you who enjoyed the first two films as much as I did are likely to walk away from this one feeling disappointed and ripped off .
Terrific B-level zombie havoc ... surprisingly agile , annoyed , and joyously straight-to-the-point violent .
Just routine undeadliness that puts the `` stink '' in `` extinction . ''
Please try harder next time .
Are there any video games where the whole point is to sit around doing nothing for 95 minutes ?
There are moments when the film nearly has a sweet Road Warrior vibe going for it , or at least a little bit of Thunderdome .
This movie is all about Jovovich slicing zombies in half with a machete . You 're either into it or not .
The good news is that Resident Evil : Extinction is about twice as good as its predecessors . That 's not saying much .
Even more boring than it was the first couple of times ... a cross between Mad Max and Day of the Dead , though markedly inferior to both .
It 's a movie only ` roided zombie fans , optimistic executives and mothers can love .
After the slightly more sophisticated part 2 , this episode returns to the more preposterous style of the original .
Do flesh-eating zombies need superfluous sequels ?

@highlight

Resident Evil : Extinction is more of the same ; its few impressive action sequences unable to compensate for the pedestrian plot .