Tian 's new version is an assiduously respectful homage , yet a new work of art in its own right .
The lead characters smoulder without ever catching aflame , while director Tian Zhuangzhaung weaves a disturbing web of deceit and betrayal .
As vibrant as a live play in its impact , with its characters almost as tangible , this film draws on not just the words and emotions of the original material , but the classic language of earlier cinema .
Beautifully photographed by Mark Lee -LRB- who also co-shot Wong Kar-Wai 's In The Mood For Love -RRB- , and delicately played by an untried cast , this confirms Tian as the Fifth Generation 's unsung master .
The result is paradoxically more theatrical than the original -- but thanks to serene cinematography and superb design , sumptuously so .
If you can go with the film 's leisurely flow and accept the restraints it holds its lovers in check with , it can be a spellbinding film experience .
Tian guides his story with great smoothness , providing a hint of unease with his constantly gliding camera and his penchant for viewing the action from behind grated windows and other obstacles .
Only a director who truly knows repression could have made a movie so subtle and so understanding .
Crafted in a style that seems to be learned from films of the thirties and , for all its scope , might have been adapted from a stage play .
Even potentially crushing situations are diffused by the respect each character has for one another .
There are n't a lot of plot complications in Springtime , a remake of a celebrated 1948 Chinese film of the same name . It 's the way Tian tells his story that impresses .
-LSB- Springtime in a Small Town is -RSB- a quiet , thoughtful and beautifully wrought film .
Springtime in a Small Town moves at a leisurely pace . And because it 's a work of taste and tact , you can watch it in a pleasurable state .
The drama can seem tepid from a contemporary Western perspective . But there 's usually a tasty morsel of cinematography or performance just around the corner .
Reinventing his source just as boldly as he has reinvented his artistic identity , Tian circumvents the usual mentality of remakes by making his material brand-new .
It 's heartbreak without the hysterics , and it 's as beautiful as a still-life painting which makes you cry without you even understanding why .
What makes -LSB- it -RSB- so effective is Tian 's very carefully wrought visual style and the performances of his tiny cast .
Haunting film .
This is n't a radical film by any means , but in its gentle tempo , its avoidance of the obvious and stubborn insistence on the decency of its three touchingly human characters , ` Springtime in a Small Town ' weighs in as refreshingly , pleasurably different .
A movie that drifts across the screen with the delicacy of linen floating on a warm breeze , whose slow , sensual camera movements are like tiptoes on rice paper , yet which can sting us with the suddenness of a bee concealed in clover .
After more than a decade in artistic exile , China 's Tian Zhuangzhuang has resurfaced with a veritable vengeance , delivering what may well be the crowning achievement of his storied , turbulent career .
The filmmaking is remote and austere , qualities often at odds with the story 's emotions .
A film made with intelligence and craftsmanship .
Tian gets superbly nuanced performances from an inexperienced cast and choreographs his ensemble scenes with considerable self-assurance .
Unfortunately , the film called to mind Gong Li 's tragic fate as the unhappily married wife in Zhang Yimou 's superior film `` Raise The Red Lantern . ''
A gorgeous love story set in a battle-scarred house in China in the spring following the end of World War II .
It 's a fitting tribute that effectively evokes a brief moment calm springtime between two tumultuous seasons : the long and brutal war with Japan , and the Mao 's rapidly approaching revolution .
Although its tone is more dreamy than steamy , this film oddly seems a product from the same heated template as a William Inge or Tennessee Williams drama of the early 1950 's .
Each frame is as delicately poised and lit as a Vermeer portrait of a woman , beckoning but unknowable .
Exquisitely made love story , which marks the welcome return after 10 years of inactivity by director Tian Zhuangzhuang .
It 's a more classical style than Tian Zhuangzhuang has done before , a homage to his forebears , and a welcome return by one of the most gifted directors of his generation .
A scene where the four float down a river in a boat while little sister stands and sings a song to springtime is a standout worthy of Renoir
What a wonderful movie this is .
This is a sensual , haunting film , atmospheric and moving , full of melancholy and a subtle eroticism , and Tian draws beautifully nuanced performances from his unknown cast .
Well served by the performances of its lead trio . All are relative newcomers to film acting , yet they subtly convey the suppressed longings beneath their characters ' polite façades .
It 's a more classical style than Tian Zhuangzhuang has done before , a homage to his forebears , and a welcome return by one of the most gifted directors of his generation .
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
This is tastefully boring festival fare , strictly for those who like their movies slow and their subtitles prominent .
A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
stunning to watch and willing to keep even the most dramatic difficulties between two people to low key climaxes
Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .

@highlight

Director Tian Zhuangzhuang 's remake of the 1948 Chinese classic may be too measured in pace for some audiences , but it 's a visually sumptuous , well-acted piece .