In Acrimony , Tyler Perry works the female character up to those stereotypical roles , educating the audience on just how they are made . This is not enough to save the film from its own cliché and culturally damaging ending , however .
`` Acrimony '' is a study in frustrating episodic storytelling and the revolving stages of one 's reaction to where it very slowly goes . Ultimately , by the end credits , the only acrimony left is from the bamboozled viewer .
Acrimony is presented with a typical filmmaking choice or an absurd one , it goes with the latter .
From the trailer , the film seems dark , full of deceit , vengeance , and , surely , a twist or two that will explain Melinda 's rage . Acrimony , unfortunately , is two hours longer than the trailer , and half as intriguing .
It 's all very entertaining and dumb , the posh settings pushing the drama further into the realm of escapist fantasy .
A little less Acrimony and a lot more time away from Perry might do us all a world of good .
-LSB- Tyler -RSB- Perry implies that not only does she belong there , but she forged every link in her chains .
Despite all its Fatal Attraction-style trappings , Acrimony is a bloated drama at odds with itself and its characters . Who exactly are we supposed to root for here ?
-LSB- Tyler -RSB- Perry is up to his old -LRB- and profitable -RRB- tricks , and unfortunately , it 's neither inspiring nor relatable .
Compared to , say , Boo ! A Madea Halloween , Acrimony actually had a bit of promise -- but it 's even more of a disappointment because of the fact that it lives up to absolutely none of it .
On the whole , it 's ridiculous , incredulous and outlandish , but at least Perry knows how to make his practically-trademarked brand of crazy valued clap-back entertainment .
Acrimony is Taraji P. Henson 's Three Billboards Outside Ebbing , Missouri .
Endless voice-over narration is the laziest cinematic storytelling device there is .
That the film never fully gets to the heart of its savage commentaries is probably its greatest disappointment .
An attempt at `` Fatal Attraction , '' but the clumsy writing and slow pace prove lethal .
What was Tyler Perry going for here ?
The 20 or so minutes we get of Henson 's rage are not enough to warrant the title or the ticket price .
Tyler Perry 's Acrimony , presumably titled to set it apart from your acrimony or mine , will make you angry for wasting the talents of Taraji P. Hensen on a hack job unworthy of her talent talent and your money .
This endless , crushingly serious drama explores a disintegrating marriage between two shallow , selfish partners , and then , for its ridiculous third act , it turns into an awful thriller .
A film that 's absolutely dreadful from start to finish , and makes the worst soap opera you can imagine look Oscar-worthy in comparison . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Nudity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Perry prefers to burn every inch of dramatic possibility to the ground , once again creating an episode of television for the multiplex .
This is n't the deepest plot , but compared to the usual saints-vs . - sinners tales that Perry has offered up over the course of 19 feature films he 's written , Acrimony takes us to whole new levels of complexity .
The film 's mangled final act does not mean that Acrimony is without merit . The acting is fantastic , the idea is solid , and there are undoubtedly various themes surrounding relationships and mental health to be discussed and considered .
In addition to endorsing the logic that keeps spouses Stockholm syndrome 'd in bad marriages , `` Acrimony '' also offers poor economic advice .
Taraji P. Henson deserves better .
Ambitious and deeply flawed , Acrimony may appeal to hardcore fans of The Room-it 's not every day a melodrama comes along that 's this fun precisely because it never takes itself seriously .
So ridiculously overwrought that it makes the Madea films look subtle by comparison .
A ludicrously scattershot drama in which overwrought feminine rage , diary-of-a-mad-woman craziness , and inept filmmaking are all but inseparable .

@highlight

Tyler Perry 's Acrimony might be of interest to hardcore Tyler Perry fans , but all other viewers are advised to make time for another Fatal Attraction screening instead .