Once that buzz starts to wear thin , things become exhausting .
Lots to think about . And I think it 's a pretty good movie .
The thriller structure of ` Limitless ' and its turns that will mark out the course of action , lack the much needed quality of surprise . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Let 's describe Neil Burger 's latest as director `` Abraham Polonsky 's ` The Matrix . ' '' It 's a hyper-local amped-up Manhattan melodrama that pulses through one man 's mind , one user 's bloodstream .
Paradoxically absorbing , yet cliched and empty , this power-based New York story is a bit of an entertaining thrill ride , probably far more popcorn-engrossing than it deserves to be ...
Limitless brings the seduction of self-enhancement to your local cineplex in a witty package that 's pretty enough to keep you intrigued
Relationships are shortchanged and this brisk , fantastical tale fails to find any emotional traction .
While it does have some entertaining moments and other moments where possibilities rear their heads , it never quite lives up to the premise .
An enjoyable film that tries to move beyond the standard thriller .
For a movie about hyper-intelligent human beings , Limitless is surprisingly sloppy and ultimately rather brainless .
Despite some snazzy camera angles and showoff-y technique , Limitless dashes any hopes of originality when it ends up being nothing more than a cautionary tale about drug addiction
not just a cool film to watch , but a cool film to see
Bradley Cooper is his usual innocuous but personality-free , walking wallpaper self and hence not up to the challenge .
To see the two leads face off verbally is a treat ...
There are highs , and it may be fun for a while , but in the end it 's a thudding , relentless road to nowhere .
Burger plunges into the material at such a headlong pace and with sufficient adrenalized style as to propel this essentially trashy thriller and distract from the abundant loose ends . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
While it 's not that the film-makers do an amazingly stunning job with the idea , it 's perhaps more that they do n't fumble it at all .
It 's not the science that 's important , it 's the momentum , the conceptual journey , the dynamism of the head games and chemically-enhanced battle of wits ...
One complaint you can not level at Limitless is that it is unoriginal or uncreative . In an upcoming summer of senseless sequels and repugnant remakes , Limitless-warts and all-is at least something we 've never seen before .
Begins like an update of Roger Corman 's ' X - The Man with the X-Ray Eyes ' but abandons its probe of the soul-sucking price of power addiction to pander to the idea that audiences demand slick fantasy-role-model heroes and happy endings .
Dubious values and undercooked philosophy aside , Limitless is an engaging and often good-humoured trip that moves at quite a lick and benefits from being directed with some flair .
Is Limitless a science fiction movie ?
A fun , stylistic flick that seems like something Slumdog Millionaire director Danny Boyle would do if he wanted to make a D.A.R.E. commercial .
A fun romp in this cautionary tale that glides by relying heavily on star Bradley Cooper 's charisma .
... a humdinger of a science fiction thriller that scoots easily from shaggy-dog fable to noir mystery to conspiracy thriller and winds up on the dark side of Twilight Zone .
Moves so fast you do n't have time to think
Fine cast and premise sullied by soulless handling . Frustratingly limited in its power to entertain and engross .
A bracing story that examines what intelligence will and will not buy and what is the effect that such a drug would have on society
... a fascinating thriller with fine pace that never lets up .
I think they 're trying to trade on Cooper 's handsome mug when what they should be emphasizing is the tight , weird , unpredictable evil-cat-and-equally-evil-mouse angle . But no matter why you go see it , you wo n't have a bad time .
Based on a novel by Alan Glynn , Leslie Dixon 's intelligent screenplay moves along at a brisk pace .
A movie that gets a lot of mileage out of good old-fashioned wish fulfillment . Consistently entertaining .
Part fantasy fulfillment , part paranoid thriller , this is a subversive Faustian tale .
Limitless fails to reach its potential .
-LSB- An -RSB- ingenious , extremely violent thriller ...
Despite some illogical plot turns it 's a Hollywood film that for once refuses to get moralistic about its vacuous premise ...
A flashy techno-thriller .
You almost feel yourself getting smarter as you watch . Remember how you felt sitting through Transformers 2 ? Kind of the opposite of that .
Like a fast-food shake , the film tastes vaguely metallic and predominately of something approximating vanilla ... sometimes you 've just got ta satisfy your cravings .
... a watchable yet far-from-engrossing high-finance thriller .
It 's a little like the question posed by the classic ` Flowers for Algernon ' : What would happen to a person who suddenly became brilliant ?
A neo-noir sci-fi chase thriller with pharmaceutical tendencies . Fun stuff .
Limitless may not pass a demanding test of logic . But Hitchcock once told me , `` logic is dull . '' Limitless is certainly not dull .
Better , part of me kind of thinks the film is maybe extolling the virtues of addiction , saying the pluses outweigh the minuses as long as you have enough self control to understand your limits and not overdue it .
... a potent parable about the risks of playing with fire .
Too bad Leslie Dixon tapped less than 20 percent of hers while penning her underdeveloped script .
Burger does a dazzling job of conveying Eddie 's supercharged mental capacity - when Eddie 's pepped-up on NZT the images really zing .
The plot is utter tosh but executed with such flamboyant style that you might think it was Shakespeare . Or not .
Perhaps a better title would be Limited .
A flawed but entertaining sci-fi thriller ...
Good , if limited .
The escalation of greed is a major factor in the film , and the unsettling aspiration of always wanting more - the ugly side of the American Dream - is rife .
What 's fresh about this concept is how it turns perfect intelligence into a superpower and tries to imagine its real-world applications . What 's less fresh is the ensuing plot ...
You could pick the script apart for impossibilities . But why bother ? It 's much more enjoyable to shut your brain off and have a good time .
Eventually , there are huge gaps in logic that make the movie seem really stupid .
You 'll definitely regret it in the morning , and wonder what the hell you were thinking , but as hedonistic cinema trips go , Limitless 's power to entertain - while it might not live up to its title - just about extends to its 105 minute running time .
Director Neil Burger uses trippy , vertigo-inducing sequences to put us inside Eddie 's head and there 's a quick-cutting pace that would leave many recent thrillers standing in the dust .
It 's involving and entertaining , and sometimes even thought-provoking . And it gives Cooper a role that perfectly uses his skills as an actor .
Directed by Neil Burger -LRB- The Illusionist -RRB- , Limitless works best with some high-powered visual sequences which heighten our own senses .
It 's more Jan de Bont than Christopher Nolan , but when the ride is this exhilarating , sometimes the destination just does n't matter .
Bored ? Lack of wish-fulfilment in your life ? Take Limitless for quick , over-the-counter relief .
Hugely enjoyable thriller with a sharply written script , pacey direction and a terrific central performance from Bradley Cooper .
It 's scatty and fast paced , and director Neil Burger employs some Gaspar Noé-style , bad-trip CG effects to heighten the mood .
Bradley Cooper becomes a star with this film . He stands toe to toe with De Niro and never blinks .
Ironically for a film so keenly centred on the idea of reaching one 's own potential , Limitless does n't nearly begin to realise its own .
While this film fails to break the typical Hollywood mold , it is still entertaining enough in a wish fulfillment fantasy kind of way .
A loopy joy from start to finish , Bradley Cooper proves that he 's the real deal .
Very limited , actually .
`` Limitless '' is the perfect way to kick of Spring with a highly addictive motion picture that has you wondering would you try NZT ?
Cooper proves to be a leading man in this sleek thriller about addiction , drive and the American dream .
`` Limitless '' delivers the goods in terms of fun , suspense , and an above-average story . The twists and turns never appear without reason , and Cooper delivers an assured , charismatic performance that lifts the film .
`` Limitless '' really just wants you to go with the flow of the id over ego . In the end , it 's a passable , darkly comic pharmacological mystery with visual panache that plays fast and loose , but never boringly , with the `` pharma '' and the `` logical . ''
The cinematic equivalent of a meal high in calories and low in nutrition ... dresses up a weak narrative in a glitzy explosion of technical virtuosity intended to conceal its shortcomings .
An energetic fantasy , both cerebral and physical , with Bradley Cooper playing the charming lead .
Do n't believe the abs ... I mean the ads , Bradley Cooper is mostly dressed in his latest film Limitless .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- `` Limitless '' is n't a perfect sci-fi thriller . But it gives you a fleeting sense of what it might be like to really be the smartest person in the world .
The philosophical ramifications of becoming the most intelligent man on Earth are either too complex or hold too little appeal , with the peeks into Eddie 's beautiful mind conveyed through saturated color schemes and letters tumbling down from the rafters .
... a solid and effective tale about the temptation of power .
unpretentious , compact , and loads of fun as it parses the combustible combinatiOn of ego , brains , and money
We 've seen this idea before , but they did play around with it ... so you 're not sitting there the entire time : ` I feel like I 've taken the drug when it comes to this plot . ' No .
one wishes that the film had been more daring in its exploration of what such a situation might entail , questioning rather than reveling in the flashy surfaces of wealth and power
The hallucinatory movie gets credit for bringing up the issue of untapped human potential . The movie 's `` what if '' wish-fulfillment fantasy theme ultimately falters , runs out of steam and breaks down with an ending that is well beyond belief .
One has to wonder , would you take NZT if you had the opportunity ?
We 've all seen that beer commercial featuring `` the most interesting man in the world '' . Move over , pal -- you 've got competition .
Cooper has to prove convincingly pathetic , then motivated , then desperate to his audience , and he 's ideally cast in his first major leading role as something of a modern-day Icarus .
With his pin-up looks and ineffable lack of gradation , Bradley Cooper is a compelling anchor for this sort of material -- you 're both rooting for him and weirdly hoping for a bit of dark comeuppance , which makes for some intriguing tension .
What would you do if you could take a pill and suddenly access 100 percent of your brain power ? This is the premise behind Limitless , a sci-fi thriller that looks as if its makers utilized around 30 percent of theirs .
While so many films have already taken us down this rabbit hole , `` Limitless '' will be remembered for forgetting to make us care we 've fallen down it the second we leave the theater .
On one level Limitless something of a conventional thriller ... -LSB- o -RSB- n another it 's a tale of high finance hijinks and intrigue ... -LSB- a -RSB- nd on yet another level it 's something of a traditional gangster film . It 's just all over the place .
The filmmakers does n't sweat the fact that Eddie is a chemically enhanced fraud . What scares them is any possibility of alienating the movie 's target audience with a downer ending .
It 's a lot of fun to watch , turning slowly as it does from the initial glee of discovery to the inevitable addiction issues and a transformation into a dark , suspense-fuelled drama .
Limitless is fairly smart , and smart films are few and far between .
Add it all up , including the nifty twist at the end , and what we have here is a fun Hollywood flick with a good head on its shoulders .
` Limitless ' is a fast moving , fantasy fun ride and full of thrills . Cooper , with a winning charisma , makes the film interesting to watch .
Limitless is limited , but intriguing nonetheless .
Limitless may not be as brainy as it would like to think it is , but it 's a relatively sharp and surprisingly playful head-trip , a satisfyingly novel twist on mindless entertainment .
... all flash and sizzle , but still delivers ; it 's equal parts superhero wish fulfillment and cautionary yuppie satire , and it 's also a hell of a fun ride .
If you want a movie with a sermon , well , look somewhere else . But if you want an adrenaline shot to the heart , look here .
Limitless is frustrating , in part , because it could have been much better .
In a way , the movie is as involving and addictive as the fictitious drug it conjures up .
Occasionally skirts greatness and is definitely worth your time . But it could have been much more .
Limitless is the sort of B-movie Roger Corman would make 50 years ago , riffing on a studio smash like Inception without the lofty budget or ideas .
Here 's something unusual - a Hollywood film with fresh ideas .
As if we , too , had taken some drug , it 's not until we shrug off the visual effects of the film that we realize that the plot is rather silly . But holy hallucinogens , that eye candy ca n't be beat .
Starts off as an ambitious , gripping , quasi-sci-fi thriller and turns into an over-the-top mess . But it 's never dull , and looking at Bradley Cooper is never bad .
Cooper 's performance coupled with Bruger 's stylized directing puts even the out of place ending firmly into a comfortable pocket of enjoyability .
Limitless hits you like an adrenaline rush that will have you saying , `` I 'll have what he 's having . ''
it is just one big drug itself that when taken emboldens you with the power to see that Bradley Cooper should not be headlining a film , Leslie Dixon should not be writing it and Neil Burger must never be allowed to helm a major motion picture again .
Cooper , whose eyes are startlingly blue here , holds the screen .
The keys here are momentum and visual effects : effects to let you see what Eddie is feeling , momentum so you do n't have too much time to think about what you 're seeing .
Limitless is a deliriously loopy thrill-ride but all the better for it .
Thought provoking and with New York brought to life flash intellige by flashy camerawork , Limitless is cool , funny and intelligent .
This premise offers a lot of opportunities for straight popcorn fun , and the director seizes every one of them .
`` Limitless '' is a heck of a ride . On the way to its unpredictable -LRB- if less than wholly satisfying -RRB- conclusion , it is entertaining , a little silly and visually dazzling .
`` Limitless '' may please a few looking for a shallow fantasy thriller , but wo n't fire up the synapses of the intellectually demanding .
Burger and Dixon provide the dangerous downward spiral that consumes Eddie , but it would n't work without Cooper .
A mess . Starts off great , but ruined by a ridiculous second half . There may be a good movie on a cutting room floor somewhere , but this ai n't it .
Not only does it fail to come across as the smart entertainment that it wishes that it was , you can actually feel it killing your brain cells as it goes on and on
The pill hits him like a combination of Ritalin , steroids , speed , and super-powerful ginkgo biloba , like spinach hits Popeye , if it grew his brain instead of his muscles .
Burger 's stylishly directed film makes up for any narrative hiccups with a mix of wry humor and comic-book-inspired visual flourishes .
If you 're willing to ignore the many leaps in logic , his fast-paced thriller goes down easy enough with a side of popcorn .
It 's a movie that knows its limits and works pretty well within them .
If there were a pill that made people smarter , I 'd donate an extra supply to the creators of `` Limitless . ''
`` Limitless '' only uses 15 , maybe 20 percent of its brain . Still , that 's more than a lot of movies do .
It 's well made , filled with interesting ideas , and just odd enough so that it 'll once again prevent Neil Burger from becoming a Hollywood darling .
It 's like watching The Fonz get free songs by punching a jukebox , and that never stops being fun .
What 's the fun in worrying about losing your soul when you can gain the world ?
Smart and sharp . Great concept soon to be a reality .
There are certain actors who you can just look at and instantly fall in love with . Tom Hanks is one . Drew Barrymore is another . Bradley Cooper is not .
The ending has loads of leverage , and the film has plenty of moxie . Nice ride !
Cornish develops her character more in one scene than Cooper does in the whole movie .
An energetic , enjoyably preposterous compound - it 's a paranoid thriller blended with pseudo-neuro-science fiction and catalyzed by a jolting dose of satire - directed by Neil Burger .
A strangely arid experience , without the gleeful , drugged-out weirdness of a truly offbeat endeavor .
Better living through chemistry is a debatable notion satirically explored in this briskly paced , suspenseful thriller .
If you 're jonesing for an addictive thriller , Limitless goes down easily and creates a contact high with zippy pacing and hypnotic visuals .
Limitless riffs boundlessly on what it means to be creative and how chemical stimulation -LRB- speed , booze , whatever -RRB- can tamp and temper the willpower necessary to achieve greatness . It 's all fun and games until you start seeing stalker .
Limitless is the kind of slick trash that upstart distributors often embrace as a stepping stone to the sort of clumsily reckless trash at which big studios uniquely excel .
Without much fanfare Neil Burger has emerged as one of the best suspense directors in the business .
Limitless is an amusing , clever tale of self-actualization run amok . It 's also a surprisingly effective hybrid of comedy , drama and action .
The visuals are giddy , illustrating Eddie 's high with fun house lenses , over-exposed colors , supersonic edits -- and , when side effects kick in , dizzying flights through the streets of New York .
Despite the presence of De Niro and Cornish , Limitless is pretty much a one-man show . Happily , Cooper is up to it . Limitless may not be a slam dunk , but this guy 's got it .
Certainly there are a few times `` Limitless '' teeters on interesting possibilities , but it has a weird way of pulling back on its most stimulating ideas .
It would be curious to see the four or five endings the makers of Limitless came up with before they settled for this one , which is smeared with the fingerprints of test audiences and focus groups .
`` Limitless '' misfires on any number of points ; it 's not a particularly smart or imaginative yarn .
The disappointment is that for all of the possibilities , `` Limitless '' never gets beyond `` limited . ''
Limitless rocks .
As a power trip geared to young males , the movie 's kick is as strong as anything in `` The Social Network '' with the bonus of glamorous Cooper in the lead .
Limitless ' highs are sustained and visually snappy , a David Fincher-esque vision of New York conquered . But the side effects are a little troubling .
The movie is too chaotic to be very good . But it 's fun and not stupid , which is something .
Gripping thriller about the heady and nightmarish journey of a struggling writer who becomes a kind of tortured über-mensch after he takes an unapproved wonder drug , starring Bradley Cooper in a breakthrough performance .
For a plot about super-intelligent people , the screenplay is surprisingly dumb .
Overall it 's smart entertainment that even manages to make Robert De Niro , Cooper 's co-star , sound fully engaged .
nothing new , but it 's told in a completely captivating way .
The problem with `` Limitless , '' other than its lack of Muppets , is a charismatic but unappealing protagonist .
It feels vapid , even when it 's trying to persuade us of the nefarious significance of NZT , in large part because the screenplay is so indecisive about the impact of the drug .
A nice surprise on the acting front for Limitless is that it coughs up the first half-decent role Robert De Niro has had for several years
It 's a fanciful story and quite a good one . I enjoyed it and I thought Bradley Cooper was much better than he 'd been in things I 'd seen him in before .
-LSB- An -RSB- erratic but often wickedly sly thriller .
The secret to making a great , or even just a good , thriller these days seems to have been lost . Maybe the key is not so much feeling invincible as knowing what your limits are .
-LSB- C -RSB- learly was not written by someone taking this best-you-can-be pill ... It 's not awful . It 's passably entertaining . But it thinks it 's taking risks yet never goes out on any ledges .
Like any drug , Limitless starts out as something refreshing and stimulating but when you come down you 're stuck wondering where the last few hours went .
Frenetic thriller about a drug that unleashes your brain 's full potential does n't quite achieve its own , but star Bradley Cooper and director Neil Burger make the most of it .
Cooper 's an able light comic performer as well as a shrewd dramatic actor , and `` Limitless '' lets him run considerable distances in both directions .
Limitless has an intriguing concept - and while it 's not explored as deeply as it could have been , the film still delivers a satisfying ride .
There is some irony in Burger 's attempts to dumb down a film about hyper intelligence , but it 's not an act of cleverness . It 's closer to fumbled filmmaking , cruelly corrupting the itchy high Limitless once handled so superbly .
This movie 's veneer of knowing slickness is more than canceled out by a thick , fatty layer of stupidity .
If this guy were really in command of all his previous experiences , he 'd know better than to take out a loan from a generic Russian goon . Does that ever turn out well ?
Punchy and witty entertainment with an adept balance of adrenaline rush and clear-eyed sobriety .
For all its peripatetic energy , Limitless still winds up with the same-old blazing guns and wanton destruction of property . No matter how smart you may be , Hollywood will figure out a way to dumb you down .
Is the fact that Cooper becomes a high-yield stock broker who likes to sleep with models supposed to mean that he 's misusing his powers , or that screenwriter Leslie Dixon thinks this is the goal of every person on Earth ?
Even Bradley Cooper lapping thirstily at a pool of blood ca n't save a dumbass sci-fi fable on the perils of increased mental capacity .
Limitless delivers some pleasurable punch -- and rarely makes you feel small .
Timing is everything and , in this case , the moral repercussions of this drug-crazed sci-fi-er ring are especially reprehensible .
Alternate-reality thriller is n't as smart as it thinks .
Some of its conceits may not hold up under intense scrutiny , but , generally speaking , it 's a good time at the movies .
Limitless just wants to give you a good time , and it does , yet the film leaves you wondering : Now that our world has been saturated with antidepressants , is this where big pharma strikes next ?
It 's very well directed . The ending may be a little pat , but the journey is a trip .
An intriguing premise ca n't disguise the standard action thriller plotting that leaves Limitless a little too limited in its scope .
Directed with a pulsating fervor by Neil Burger , Limitless is absurd but entertaining action-adventure escapism .
A clean-cut piece of entertainment that delivers an invigorating and engaging high with no nasty side effects .
Not really a horror film -LRB- blood-slurping notwithstanding -RRB- , Limitless is more a suspense-thriller that should appeal to fans of tension and adrenaline .
Without a complex thought about narcissism , merit , or addiction , Limitless is content to be an empty , one-note , satire-free fairy tale of avarice and corporate-political ambition .
If you have any moral qualms about checking out a film where about 60 % of the suspense comes from a junkie trying to hide or retrieve his stash , this is n't the film for you .
... even as we 're dragged along by its brisk pacing and occasionally smart twists , there 's a nagging feeling a better film 's in here waiting to be made .
Burger fails in creating the paranoia infused techno morality tale he so wanted to make , with themes such as the consequences of powers given and not earned , and the destructive nature of addiction , failing to relate on an emotional and even moral level .
Limitless should be so much smarter than it is .
-LSB- A -RSB- propulsive , unexpectedly funny thriller .
Featuring a charismatic leading man and interesting premise , Limitless is a viscerally appealing sci-fi thriller yet fails to tap into its vast potential .
Director Neil Burger flaunts flair , with bursts of stylised Escher-esque camerawork -LRB- dig those speeding super-zooms -RRB- , saturated colour and a euphoric soundtrack .
The opposite of Alzheimer 's , as unsavory characters compete to snatch up an egghead performance enhancer turning slackers into spontaneous geniuses . The director may not be dropping NZT , but his finger is on the pulse of a vividly realized contact high .
It 's a gee-whizz novelty movie along the lines of Inception , with great effects and some visual wows .
There are imperfections but there is entertainment value in Limitless , not the least being Bradley Cooper 's engaging central performance . There 's a twist but it 's not what you think and the visuals are fabulous

@highlight

Although its script is uneven , Neil Burger directs Limitless with plenty of visual panache , and Bradley Cooper makes for a charismatic star .