Mixing Gloria Steinem and gross-out gags with messy aplomb , first-time writer/director Maggie Carey has created a landmark romcom .
Above all , The To Do List announces the arrival of Aubrey Plaza , movie star , with a role that takes full advantage of the awkward persona she 's now best-known for .
Ultimately , `` The To Do List '' settles for being intermittently amusing , never living up to the promise of its talented cast .
Despite the sometimes childish sight gags , what salvages the movie is a refreshingly adult attitude toward the messy matter of sexuality .
This raunchy teen comedy more than earns its R-rating ... but it does so with a lot of heart .
One more overly crude teen comedy
The film gives these people just about nothing funny to do , and it 's full of both gross-out gags that do n't connect and dialogue that is n't especially funny .
Painfully awkward encounters ensue , with Plaza handling it all with her deadpan elegance .
`` The To Do List '' is another one of those films that begs the question of how the writer ever thought it was a good idea .
The jokes are frequent , rapidly fired , and often sharply written , featuring crude sexual dialogue about everything imaginable from masturbation to states of sexual arousal .
While it 's too gentle to be a classic , it 's still worth a look .
Writer/director Maggie Carey 's clodhopping coming-of-age yarn merely proves that terrible teen movies are now a source of equal-ops embarrassment for both genders .
Uneven and with a pretty even hit : miss gag ratio , there is still not-for-Nan fun to be had here .
Maggie Carey 's feature film debut is full of lazy shots , duff lines and dodgy acting . But it also contains fresh ideas and hilarious gags .
It has heart and intelligence to offset its more raucous moments and looks destined for cult appeal .
A cast of familiar and frequently funny TV notables makes The To Do List a sweet prospect , but this tepid , oddly pitched teen comedy is unlikely to get anyone off .
I did n't believe any of it .
A few laughs .
The great Audrey Plaza is let down by weak material in this mirthless female-centric gross-out comedy .
Enjoyable teen sex comedy that gains points for its female perspective and features both strong comic performances and a decent script , despite some of the gags being a bit hit-and-miss .
The To Do List is an American teenage sex comedy set in 1993 , which may have been the last year in which any of the cast members could have convincingly passed for a teenager .
Even as this comedy strains to be goofy and transgressive , it catches us by surprise simply because it dares to explore first-time sexual experiences through female eyes .
Carey drops the ball with a script that 's both meandering and mean-spirited , not to mention laughter deficient .
A muddle .
The To Do List peters out to a lamentable degree in its padded-out final half hour .
Not since the schmaltzy Bucket List has there been a more blatant example of checklist comedy than the ultra-raunchy The To Do List .
Forgettable movie about a college-age girl trying to make up for lost time sexually may be just a ` to do ' lister for that demo and no one else .
It 's good-natured and raucous , with many scenes that are just sketched but a few that are truly funny .
With many of the wittiest bits already spoiled in the red-band trailer , -LSB- writer-director Maggie Carey 's -RSB- R-rated comedy is met more often with `` heh '' than `` oh no she did n't ! ''
The film as a whole does n't handle the transition as well between juvenile gross-out gags and more mature issues of self-discovery and gender politics .
It 's refreshing to see a movie aspire to a little more than just raiding the cliche bin .
Plaza proves she can handle heading up a movie and doing something different than playing the smoky , punk alt girl fantasy
Several story and comedy beats are derivative , but scenes of thoughtful insight are frequent enough for The To Do List to offer more than just brainless laughs .
... even a generous viewer may have to admit that the film runs out of steam before it reaches the finale-a flaw it shares with far too many recent comedies .
The To Do List is not just a hard R sex comedy , but also an important player in film diversification .
Nothing about this lackluster comedy 's potentially rich conceit is handled in an emotionally honest or resonant manner .
Raunchy for the sake of being raunchy . Poignancy , a key element in making any sex comedy something more important , is lacking .
Many of The To Do List 's jokes have this first-draft , is-that-all-there-is ? quality .
While the movie is loaded with lewd attempts to shock , the most radical thing about The To Do List is that it is a sex-positive , strongly female take on the Losing It genre ...
The To Do List settles for surface and cartoony rather than deep and heartfelt .
By proudly wearing its `` otherness '' -LRB- a word I use ironically -RRB- on its sleeve , The To Do List feels fresh and strange and wondrously new . It should n't , but it does .
Director Maggie Cary , instead of raising the bar of farce to the heights , has lowered it to the depths of the pigsty . She 's proven that the gals can roll about in the mud just as well as the guys can , but to what end ?
It 's a little too silly to sustain a significant character journey , but ` The To Do List ' is still a successful overload of nostalgic and incredibly raunchy humor .
Hilarious , but teen sex comedy has lots of raunch , drinking .
Carey 's celebratory approach to bawdy one-liners marries form with content .
Unfortunately , the movie as a whole is n't nearly as nimble as Aubrey Plaza 's charming , self-deprecating performance .
Even when the jokes do n't land , the sheer likability of the cast keeps the audience engaged .
The film is raunchy , but not vulgar , and until an unnecessarily preachy climactic moment , very funny .
`` The To Do List '' does n't reinvent the wheel ; we all know the `` summer that changed everything '' trope . But it 's startling when you realize how rare it is to see a girl chasing sexual experience so doggedly - and with such a lighthearted tone .
Do n't go to The To Do List expecting a comedy genre-buster along the lines of Bridesmaids . Rather it 's more of a one-joke repeater set in the hot Boise , Idaho , summer of 1993 .
I 'll admit I laughed several times at some of the material . But considering the rare gender reversal approach at telling a tale in the sex comedy genre , this could have been so much more . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
Even when the film connects , I ca n't help feel that it 's mostly because it 's set the target too low .
As subversive as the The To Do List is ... it 's still ultimately familiar and insubstantial fare .
The funniest , smartest American comedy in years . It 's destined to become a cult classic .
When I first wrote the headline for this review , I accidentally wrote , THE DO-DO LIST . I have never been so right .
While the film easily straddles the lines of good taste , Carey does n't push the limits enough to deliver on its ` good girl gone really bad ' premise .
Maybe it 's fitting that a movie about having sex for the first time should turn out to be a fumbling , mishandled experience that 's moderately enjoyable but not as good as it could be .
There are lots of individual things to like about The To-Do List ... but there always seems to be something that derails its momentum .
Plaza seems profoundly uncomfortable as Brandy , maybe because she 's a dozen years too old to play her . Or because the sexually frank movie calls for nudity she refused to do . That translates into a confusing character .
It 's no ` American Pie . '
`` The To Do List '' is a romantic comedy with no romance and little comedy , but with an ugliness of spirit that 's surprising and unrelenting .
I loved The To Do List . It just made me so happy to see a movie embrace the humor of sexuality , and manage to not overdo it on the gross outs .
Does Carey go too far ? Duh . But why gripe when you ca n't stop laughing ?
First time feature writer/director Maggie Carey has crafted a genuinely funny and refreshing female teen sex comedy .
The To Do List feels tailor-made for Aubrey Plaza 's deadpan delivery , but never quite manages to hit its stride despite an impressive supporting cast and an inspired central concept .
The raunch itself may be enough for a teen audience . But The To Do List is no American Pie .
Boys do n't need to be the only ones having fun in an ultra-crass comedy .
Those with a high tolerance for good-natured `` teen '' raunch could do worse .
There is not another performer like -LSB- Aubrey Plaza -RSB- on the scene .
Brandy , the nerdish character who wants to lose her virginity , is unlikable , annoying , grating and so unpleasant , there 's no reason to care whether she will or wo n't .
It 's ... got more insight and honesty behind its use of expletives than any other piece of writing to hit the screen this summer , and as a result , the humour finds different layers to bounce through .
This raunchy teen comedy is novel insofar as it recasts familiar gross-out gags from a female perspective ; otherwise it 's basically an American Pie knockoff .
Neither supergood nor superbad , but passable does n't exactly raise the bar .
Like the fumbling around of first-time sex , The To Do List has its enjoyable moments but does n't exactly feel like a peak experience .
This movie is smarter and better acted and just plain funnier than most of its predecessors in the my-first-time genre , no matter which sex is losing what .
An absurdly profane comedy that spends its entire time serving up filthy jokes and then trying to top them .
So determined to one-up the boys that it goes overboard , misses its mark and accidentally makes an entirely different kind of statement .
Might 've reached a more fulfilling creative explosion with someone else in the lead role , though it would difficult for anyone to shine in a feature that would prefer ingesting poop to exploring the nuances of a sexual awakening .
An incredibly catchy attempt at a retro sex comedy ... while it does go a bit overboard with the raunch at times , it offers enough solid laughs to make it worthwhile .
The film is flush with done-to-death gross-out gags , bodily fluids serving as too many punch lines . Yes , girls can dish out F-bombs and body objectification as well as the boys can , but that should n't be the whole joke .
Sweet-tempered even while telling the story of a teenage girl 's quest to lose her virginity , its heart is definitely in the right place ...
Plaza is hilariously blunt , in a Sarah Silverman 's brattier kid sister sort of way .
There 's a potentially innovative teen comedy in here somewhere , but it 's surrounded by one that 's much duller .
The film feels a little like what might happen if the producers of films like Bridesmaids found a lost John Hughes script and adapted it for 2013 audiences .
A star-studded but scattershot affair that tackles its comedic obligations as dutifully as its heroine pursues her sexual conquests .
A middling showcase for rising star Aubrey Plaza .
The To Do List is cheerfully unconcerned with realism ; the cast is so obviously over high school age it almost becomes part of the joke .
For the most part it 's a cheerful and sprightly comedy that delivers moderate laughs and should connect with the younger female audience that Hollywood largely ignores in the summer .
-LSB- It -RSB- thinks a sex-obsessed version of a John Hughes comedy by its very nature is hilarious . It 's not , but there are still some things to like here .
This is a welcome female-centric variation on a familiar theme , not the first to deal with a teenage girl 's de-virginization project , but certainly a minority report in a field crowded with boys trying to Get Some ...
It 's Plaza who makes it all work as the center of the circus . She proves that she is much more than just a sitcom snark queen .
Maybe someday there will be a better commercial comedy about a girl taking charge of her sexual education , but for now , this is the only one we 've got , and it 's a filthy-fun charmer .
At long last , equal time has finally arrived for the ladies with The To Do List , which goes just as far as most male-oriented teen sex comedies , except its raunch and gross-out humor are actually funny and , yes , fully empowering .
Is this a sex comedy or an episode of ` I Love the '90s ' ?
Plaza is a minimalist who knows how to do a lot with a little . . a girl-power comedy about one young woman seizing the reins of her own sexuality .
Loose and limber , proudly R-rated and wickedly amusing .
Liberated from her trademark snark , Plaza tackles the awkwardness of fledgling foreplay with screwball abandon .
It shows how far the teenage sex comedy has come , and how different it looks when a female writer or director is behind the camera .
In its exuberantly smutty way , `` The To Do List '' is revolutionary : A teen sex comedy where the girls get to play nasty and the boys stand around looking terrified .
One sexual episode follows another without really building toward anything , making a finale in which Brandy spells out what she 's learned from her experiences ring all the more false .
It captures how even when sex gets this purposeful , it 's in a different way for girls than for boys .
The To Do List should be on every comedy lover 's must see list for 2013 , because awkward sexual encounters have never felt so right .
The To Do List ultimately proves a lazy , self-involved lover , too busy indulging its own fetishes and desires to tend to the viewers ' needs or offer them much gratification .
You may not realize until you 're watching The To Do List how refreshing it is just to see this familiar story told from the female perspective .
Plaza , of TV 's `` Parks and Recreation '' fearlessly puts it all out there as a teen put out that she has n't `` put out . ''
A smart , refreshingly frank though only moderately funny coming of age tale about an uptight high schooler and her quest for sexual experience .
It is to comedy what an abstinence pledge is to sex .
Writer-director Maggie Carey 's feature debut boasts a crack ensemble cast led by Aubrey Plaza that evocatively captures the carefree elation of youthful summer romance .
Hits its fair share of outrageously funny highs amid lots of so-so filler , but stays buoyant and likable throughout thanks to the winning presence of `` Parks and Recreation '' star Aubrey Plaza in the lead .
Like first sex , writer-director Maggie Carey 's debut feature , The To Do List , is quick and messy , fitfully pleasurable , full of promise but not quite adept at getting everyone off .
Essentially the film aims to trade in the awkwardness of teen sexuality , but too often settles for the gross-out gag instead .

@highlight

The To Do List may play things disappointingly safe given its rather daring premise , but writer-director Maggie Carey 's sure hand -- and Aubrey Plaza 's performance -- keep the laughs coming .