You would never suspect that a 70-year-old man made this film : it positively hums with youthful lust and rage .
This savage social satire revels in the brutality and gore and plays it for dark comedy and gallows humor , a teen melodrama gone feral as cliques fall apart under fire and young love is literally under the gun .
Before The Hunger Games there was Battle Royale . The bloody spectacle of Japanese schoolchildren being forced into a sadistic game of `` last man standing '' packs an emotional wallop .
A gloriously entertaining ride , provided you have a taste for dark material and do n't mind the occasional poke in the ribs .
Stylistically it 's a beauty , with khaki-uniformed waifs fighting for their lives to a crashing classical score .
Awful deaths -LRB- and hysterical reactions to them -RRB- punctuate declarations of love and friendship , revelations of treachery and heavily armed expressions of angst .
Forgive the film its small flaws of histrionic performances and cheap execution for the giddy rush of its banal , Verhoevenesque atmosphere ...
It may suit a certain worldview , but Battle Royale 's cynicism is still a form fantasy-a balm as well as a bomb .
A wonderfully exciting , incredibly idiosyncratic actioner .
3D conversion of a classic teen massacre thriller raises the gore level .
Maybe Battle Royale 's ultimate punchline is its inexplicable ability to fool some people into taking it seriously .
Battle Royale 's dystopia reflects a hyper-tech Japan still deeply concerned with social cohesion and the value-gaps between the generations . It 's the disturbingly dark social frame , not its bloody canvas , that makes this a battle worth watching .
Fukasaku 's set pieces are dynamic , composed and edited with a neatness that is missing from the shaky-camera esthetic of the movie 's successor , ` The Hunger Games . '
Battle Royale is a masterpiece of mayhem , violence and unfettered teen melodrama .
Battle Royale is The Hunger Games not diluted for young audiences .
Pitched with the insatiable verve of a TV game show and the vacant regret of a Grand Theft Auto videogame .
It gets no points for subtlety , but this confronting , devastating , hilarious and extremely fun film is a masterpiece all in its own right .
Gloriously sick and twisted . A masterpiece .
Disturbing , gory , shocking , and very original .
Although the film can be seen as a satire on everything from the Japanese education system to reality TV , ultimately its absurdism resists easy interpretation .
A disturbing film to say the least , and definitely one that could never have been made in the United States .
Departing from two decades ' worth of domestic and personal dramas and returning to his roots as Japan 's maestro of mayhem , Kinji Fukasaku has delivered a brutal punch to the collective solar plexus with one of his most outrageous and timely films .
A modern classic about the folly of violence .
Some will be uncomfortable or appalled , and the mix of humour and horror is uneasy , but this is n't a film you 'll forget easily . And , seriously , what would you do ?
What it does have is plenty of splatter , noise and energy .
Os intertítulos e o excesso de flashbacks comprometem um pouco o ritmo do filme , mas , de modo geral , a ação é muito bem conduzida e os personagens , satisfatoriamente desenvolvidos .
A minor sensation in Japan where questions were asked in parliament , this noisy and bombastic adaptation of a recent pulp novel does n't shape up as satire or death-sport fantasy .
Une oeuvre faisant l'objet d'un véritable culte que l'on imagine mal voir sortir d'un studio d'Hollywood .
Races along with the swift , brutal precision of a samurai sword cutting through cotton .
The basic storyline just is n't very good , and any attempt to say anything meaningful or moving is ham-fisted and obvious , which quite simply is n't good enough for a film as in-your-face as this .
Its content will earn it a following from as many witless viewers as it will thoughtful ones , but that 's no reason to condemn it
Fukasaku , who is now 70 , is the most durable master of all that 's hard-boiled in Japanese filmmaking .
As twisted as it sounds , killing off 41 teens takes a great deal of creativity and an innate sense of pacing in order to avoid , well , cinematic boredom .
BATTLE ROYALE is a film that should not be easily ignored , and will not be easily forgotten ... the faces of those kids are likely to linger long after the credits stop .
` Battle Royale ' is another deeply flawed addition to the deeply offensive phenomenon of ` reality TV ' .
A hell of an action movie , an admission that makes me feel a little guilty .
Sharply written , bloody , and darkly funny , this is a cut above your usual exploitation fare .
Ultimately Battle Royale falls attempting to stand on its politics alone . Its redeeming triumph is that it is immensely entertaining - either as a teenage film or hefty slice of exploitation .
Once it dropped a lot of its satirical baggage , I was able to stop considering it an important film , and start watching it as an entertaining one .
It 's fascinating , tense and grisly ... but a bit of a muddle really .
As usual , Fukasaku directs Battle Royale with force and conviction , even as the tone of the picture veers back and forth from unabashedly ludicrous to deadly serious .
A vicious take-off on reality TV that turns a high-school milieu dominated by cliques and childish relationships into a war zone .
Fukasaku 's film maybe ca n't maintain the sheer exhilarating rush of its first thirty minutes , but it 's an outstanding work nevertheless .
This is a heart-stopping action film , teaching us the worthy lessons of discipline , teamwork , and determination , but wrapping them up in a deliberately provocative , shockingly violent package .
Catapults you from the cinema in a state of breathless disbelief .

@highlight

Battle Royale is a controversial and violent parable of adolescence , heightening teenage melodrama with life-or-death stakes .