suffers from a simultaneous affliction of overwriting and underwriting
all social smoke and mirrors .
In an era of low-blow comedies and fluff action flicks , this movie will inspire you to be aware , conscious and sensitive .
A movie that too often feels comprised of arty public service announcements can only be considered a lost opportunity .
A good first effort with heart felt acting but this film does not provide the thrills and spills some expect from inner city explorations
Webber is good with his actors , but he tries to do too much , depict a portrait of the lower-depths in Philadelphia , present a cautionary tale and call to arms , and also suggest a personal memoir or living in this particular city .
An impressive directorial debut that manages to be a throughly compelling , honest and socially conscious drama
Initially promising but ultimately maddening .
Despite a good cast , Explicit Ills is about as phony as it gets .
Gorgeous to look at and touchingly sincere , Mark Webber 's directorial debut makes a considerable impact despite its evident flaws .
There is much to argue with , and much to regret , about a film whose director thinks he needs to drop an anvil on our heads when art would suffice .
Mark Weber 's Explicit Ills has a tenderness that belies its fiery left-leaning political views about urban poverty and social injustice .
A serious social drama without insight , a unique point of view or , seemingly , much of an understanding of its own issues .
The film 's cast and the fluid camerawork are as hip as can be , and in this age of Obama , so is the sentiment -- unflinching but optimistic .
Two of the cast members shine : Lou Taylor Pucci as a drug dealer who finds a new lover and baptizes himself in substance abuse , and Rosario Dawson as a mother trying to care for her asthmatic son with no health insurance .
The film is confidently polished and thankfully more sweet-tempered than preachy , given that every narrative thread has an underlying theme of social injustice .
Elusive narrative strands sorted out with surprising and uplifting clarity . And a determined socially conscious focus on the dismal , all too explicit diseased state of profit-ized health care in a country where patients are ` customers , not sick people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing what Webber comes up with next .
It 's the best reflection of inner city life , and its effect on children , since Charles Burnett 's 1977 drama Killer of Sheep .
Actor-turned-director Mark Webber combines the worst of two schemes in his debut feature , Explicit Ills : overweening artistic pretense with a crudely conceived political message .
Explicit Ills is a filmic tapestry , and it is a cohesive , fluid one .
Political awareness does n't spell preachiness in slice-of-life directing debut for actor Mark Webber .
A film that wants to speak out -LRB- loudly and clearly -RRB- about some of our nation 's most obvious maladies , and it does so in an impressively honest , angry , and semi-hopeful fashion .


@highlight

Though its politics can be heavy-handed at times , Mark Webber 's directorial debut is sincere and well-acted .