This is a game of chess played out by the knights , fearful of the king but strong in chivalric code .
The suspense stems not from the foreseen conclusion , but from the thinking that leads up to it .
The best way to look at his film is as a love story about Paris . One can differ about the interpretation of events presented in the movie . It is hard to disagree about the worthiness of his love .
Gripping little drama shows the fate of Paris in the hands of two men
Diplomacy induces pins and needles from the get-go and does n't let up until the credits roll .
Arestrup and Dussollier are mesmerizing as they attack and parry , argue and counterargue . They reminisce about their lives before the war and wax poetic about their families - then engage in battle again .
The drama is made interesting and more substantial as hidden facts about the German 's situation are revealed , and his soldier 's perspective honored .
You know , after all , what the end result will be , but `` Diplomacy '' is strong enough to keep the situation intense and important .
A little supporting personality could have made the proceedings feel less like a smartly staged character study and more like a wartime drama .
Diplomacy will work for those who appreciate dialogue-based character films in which plot is of secondary importance .
Although we know what happens , Diplomacy keeps up the suspense and pulls off surprises as Choltitz 's decision reaches its inevitable ending .
We know where this is going , or rather where it is n't ; but the fun is in watching the negotiations unfold .
Its minor thrills come not from not knowing what will happen , but from watching the cagey choreography of two acrobatic minds .
Expanded from Cyril Gely 's stage play , this film remains finely focussed on a history-changing dialogue between two men on the day Paris changed hands from the Nazis to the Allies .
The result is intriguing and intelligent , but ultimately uninspired .
It is a beautifully written and expertly acted two-hander that takes dramatic licence with real historical events to create an urgent , compelling high-stakes drama .
Gert Fröbe and Orson Welles played the same parts in René Clément 's sprawling epic , Is Paris Burning ? -LRB- 1966 -RRB- . But this is superior in every regard .
A highly civilised piece of work .
If you 've had your fill of tony World War II dramas , this probably wo n't renew your interest in the genre , but the leads are fine as usual and Schlöndorff succeeds in making the stagebound material feel reasonably cinematic .
A solid two-hander from a pair of veteran European actors , but one that plays a bit fast and loose with historical facts .
It 's surprising how much more imagination this modest film has of the possibility of such wanton destruction than Edge of Tomorrow had ... and in that Tom Cruise movie , the aliens actually destroyed the city .
Diplomacy is a tiny film that hits a big target .
Tere 's a fair amount of talking in circles , even with the film 's brisk running time . The dialogue also reflects the material 's stage origins in ways that do n't always translate well .
A brilliantly-acted , WWII gem from veteran Schlondorff .
The leads carry the weight of the world on their shoulders , articulating the uniquely delicate struggle at the core of this superbly executed picture .
It 's quite a triumph for Diplomacy in general and Schlöndorff 's pinpoint filmmaking in particular to involve us as thoroughly as it does in the ebb and flow of their compelling conversation .
Adapted from a stage production written by Cyril Gely , it feels more theatrical than cinematic , but its historic importance is adequate to hold viewers ' attention .
Arestrup , Dussollier and Schlöndorff make us all believe in a battle for Paris that never happened .
promises to come down to issues of principles and ideals in conflict but does not
A friendly discussion of life and death passes the time as the Allies storm the last Nazi defenses of the City of Lights .
How can it be suspenseful when we know Paris survived ? Because Schlöndorff 's opened-up play adaptation showcases two mesmerizing actors reliving how individuals make history .
Well-orchestrated and superbly acted . Though we know the outcome , the fate of Paris seems anything but guaranteed .
A mesmerizing , tense and deeply human battle of the mind and heart with note-perfect performances by Niels Arestrup and André Dussollier .
The principal suspense in this fascinating movie is generated by the polite , and then not so polite , ferocity of the arguments between the two men .
Poses important philosophical questions through essentially a two character staged play . Not exactly historically accurate but a serious and thoughtful film not to be missed .
The result is a gorgeously shot , finely composed , tremendously acted bit of historical melodrama ...
Based on the French play by Cyril Gely and directed by Volker Schlöndorff 's Diplomacy is so soundly engineered and acted that it does n't seem stagey at all .
The film is n't really fooling anyone into feeling doom-laden suspense -LRB- Paris , after all , is still standing -RRB- , but the principal performers sell the momentousness of the drama .
The film 's a little too flashy and theatrical , with too-neat ironies . As a duel between acting talents , though , this is first-rate .
Schlöndorff does the expected thing with handheld cameras , slowly circling the combatants , but he also finds interesting and exciting ways to use the space .
It 's the subtle duel between these two men , in addition to the film 's evocation of a besieged Paris at the crossroads , that gives such vigor to Diplomacy .
Benefits greatly from the razor-sharp , theater-honed skills of two formidable French actors , Niels Arestrup and André Dussollier , who created the roles on stage .
Has enough visual panache to compensate for the static , conversational nature of the work .
What Gély lacks in historical fidelity he gains in dramatic interplay between men who held power very differently .
The value of `` Diplomacy '' is that it produces at least as much unsettlement as relief , compelling the viewer to remain haunted by nightmarish thoughts of what might have happened .
Diplomacy 's origins as a play -LRB- written by Cyril Gely and starring the same actors -RRB- are always evident .
To be sure , we are in that authorial fantasy by which historical figures become shrewder , sharper and wittier than they surely were in life ... But when the actors and the dialogue are this good , one scarcely objects .
It 's Arestrup who really steals the show , turning von Cholitz into a man who bears the weight of several thousand soldiers , not to mention an entire civilian population , and who suffers under that burden until making a final , eleventh hour decision .

@highlight

For filmgoers who value character development and smart dialogue over plot , Diplomacy yields rich , powerfully acted rewards .