Fans of the Final Destination flicks should enjoy seeing how Larter 's horror roots are revisited in the over-the-top climax of this trashy exercise in glossy B-movie-making .
Elba grimaces , Larter is seductive , and Beyonce says , ` You better do something about this woman , or I will . ' That better be enough because that 's all this one 's got to offer .
`` I knew it would come to this , '' hisses Sharon when finding Lisa lurking around her beautiful Brentwood home -- at which point I exclaimed , `` Me too ! '' -- and then the fun -LRB- and , for many , the entire purpose of the film -RRB- starts .
Seldom does a movie thriller misfire so severely as this one .
Obsessed left me completely uninterested
Another movie that demonstrates it 's bad feng shui to place a glass coffee table beneath a chandelier beneath an attic that ca n't even support the weight of a blond wearing little more than the whipped-cream bikini she sported in ` Varsity Blues . '
They did this movie a few years ago . It was called `` The Temp '' . So many holes in the plot , I stopped counting . An unintentional laugh riot !
Slow , one-note and climactically risible .
Not even the lovely Beyoncé Knowles can save this clichéd thriller .
A dim reworking of Fatal Attraction , directed with anonymous efficiency .
A watchable but instantly forgettable Fatal Attraction rip-off .
If Obsessed were a perfume , it would ming like happy hour at a squids ' brothel . This atrocious , and atrociously derivative affair is not only an early contender for worst film of 2009 .
It 's execrable ; a fist-chewing embarrassment that has no right to a theatrical release .
Idris Elba , so good in The Wire , looks a long way from Baltimore in this overcooked Fatal Attraction-style yarn about a cocksure executive laid low by the office temp .
Everyone involved should feel cheap and used .
Vanity bunkum of the first order wait until TV for this one .
Lurching woozily between daytimesoap psychodrama and a brainless , claws-out , pseudo-feminist slasher flick , Obsessed is one boiled rabbit away from bad-film nirvana .
It could be the least erotic thriller ever made , unless die-you-bitch catfights through broken attic floorboards constitute some sort of kinky subgenre .
This is a guilty pleasure from start to finish and there is absolutely nothing new here but Obsessed is brilliant fun .
Horrid , hackneyed and half-witted .
Beyonce 's latest movie contains more laughs than the entire output of Jim Carrey , Will Ferrell and Eddie Murphy . Just one problem - Obsessed is meant to be a thriller .
Obsessed is both a front runner for the worst movie of the year and a must-see stinker .
The best ladies ' final to be seen this side of the French Open .
Bunny boilers ahoy . This lame and laughable stalker-thriller makes Fatal Attraction look thoughtful .
Obsessed is a particularly silly example of the -LSB- bunny boiler -RSB- genre with little rhyme or reason to the story and direction that is singularly lacking in subtlety .
Obsessed is silly enough to duck accusations of reverse racism , but too glossy to be in any way sexy : nobody sweats , and the stars have clauses in place to ensure they reveal no more than they have to .
So hammy and overwrought that it 's actually hysterically entertaining .
Enjoyably rubbish thriller enlivened by strong performances and a decent climax that just about compensates for the film 's failures in pacing and plotting .
a stylishly empty stab at the genre that makes no bones about its obviousness even as it introduces a deliberately racialized twist
A silly , contrived film .
Elba and Larter are actually pretty good . Beyonce , through , strikes one note throughout .
... performances are convincing for as long as the script will allow .
Director Steven Shill and the doltish dialogue do n't do much to diminish the film 's overt homophobia and misogyny .
Obsessed delivers in its limited way , as the audience audibly responds to the characters ' choices and actions , even though we know exactly what to expect .
Are people not aware of the Lifetime Movie Network , which shows films like this 24 hours a day for free ?
You would be better served by simply watching the video for the Beyonce-Shakira duet `` Beautiful Liar '' -- not only does it do a better job of conveying the same basic story seen here , the choreography is a lot better .
TV director Steve Shill makes his feature film debut a forgettable one .
-LSB- An -RSB- uninspired , generic psycho-chick flick ... Puerile and simplistic in its synthetic gimmickry , Obsessed oozes nothing but contempt and a cornball solution for exploiting the repetitive misogynist melodramas
Even as junk , Obsessed is n't kick-ass enough . The wind-up to Sharon 's explosion takes too long , and director Steve Shill ca n't stage a real donnybrook .
I do n't mind that Obsessed , is mindless , overheated , undercooked trash . I mind that it 's boring mindless , overheated , undercooked trash .
This is the movie that should have been titled ` Fighting '
A hollow experience altogether , based entirely on its protagonist 's despicable stupidity and unable to connect in a real way to anything human .
I hope Jay-Z does n't add me to his hit list for saying this , right below Chris Brown , but his wife ca n't act worth a damn when she does n't get to sing .
As far as the crazy-stalker-chick genre goes , Obsessed is n't horrible . It 's just intensely simple-minded .
Spends much time spinning its wheels and making auds practically beg for an explanation to all the madness and obsession .
If the producers had done their work properly on Obsessed , I would not now be wishing I could reclaim the two hours I wasted on this tepid , sexless , thrill-free melodrama .
Great-looking actors , glossy locations and a knock-down , drag-out girlfight still do n't make Obsessed anything more than a predictable and tawdry Fatal Attraction-style guilty pleasure .
This Screen Gems film initially tries to confront issues of sexual inequality , but it is n't long before Obsessed 's hand-wringing tone acquiesces to the material 's sleazy absurdity , eliciting more laughs than drama .
Obsessed takes far too long to get cooking , and it works so hard at not being exploitation that it loses sight of its reasons for existing in the first place .
One does n't expect a movie of this type to be plausible , but this one stretches the plausibility factor past the snapping point to the unintentional-laughter point .
Obsessed , is short on dimension and subtlety , but it turns into a mess believable enough to keep us invested .
Do n't look for hot sex or boiled bunnies in Obsessed , a mild-mannered version of Fatal Attraction that seems to be hoping racial politics will fill in for a script .
Until Beyonce and Ali Larter duke it out at the climax , this is one dull film .
Obsessed is a safe , dull morality play . The most that can be said on its behalf is that , unlike Fatal Attraction , no bunnies were boiled in the picture .
The immaculate Beyoncé Knowles and devastatingly handsome Idris Elba attack their silly parts with a ferocity the gives this dumpy little movie the spark it needs to be compelling .
Obsessed dutifully revises the ` blank from hell ' genre which gave the world ridiculous , misogynist thrillers in the mid-1980s and early 1990s .
This biracial entry in the psycho-bitch stalker sweepstakes is inept and stupid but not without its base pleasures .
Obsessed makes an inadvertent argument for the monastery .
I 'd call this stenchcloud ` Fatal Attraction meets The Temp , ' but that would insult those movies .
More like Delayed Frustration than Fatal Attraction .
Obsessed , a clanking , low-rent imitation of Fatal Attraction , lacks both the original film 's imagination and moral ambiguity .
Whoever thought remaking Fatal Attraction as a PG-13 thriller was a good idea earns much of the blame for this laughably arch dud .
Just when I want cheese , you give me caviar .
Bottle blonde sexpot in heat with boundary issues on McMansion home invasion spree , with alpha male power as the ultimate female aphrodisiac . All that 's missing is the stained blue dress . I did not have sex with that woman , she had sex with me .
A compelling reminder that Hell still hath no fury like a woman scorned , especially when she 's a crazy , two-faced psycho .
What do you get when you put two of Hollywood 's worst actresses , Beyonce Knowles and Ali Larter in the same movie ? A surprisingly decent little paint by the numbers thriller .
A ludicrous psychodrama that offers vicarious thrills , particularly the highly-publicized , climactic catfight .
` I 'm not your typical temp , ' said Ali , as she orders a dirty martini , which is a martini in a glass raised by wolves .
Too `` safe '' to be a provocative thriller or an incendiary drama , and it 's way too flat and sedate to qualify as a movie bad enough to mock .
Tawdry potboiler ... a very bad rip-off of Fatal Attraction .
Gene Siskel used to talk about the Idiot Plot - a plot that could be resolved in five minutes , were all the characters not complete idiots . Obsessed represents the dictionary definition of the Idiot Plot .
a grandly sensational , relentlessly exploitative B-movie revival of the highest order
Shades of gray ? Moral ambiguity ? Who needs 'em . Obsessed traffics in catharsis -- we are n't here to learn about the human condition , we just want to watch Beyonce tromp a tramp .
If you know the title , you know everything you 're going to learn about the movie .
It 's strictly a generic thriller , perhaps the 105th blatant rip-off of ` Fatal Attraction ' , but not without its own guilty pleasures .
It 's doubtful that Obsessed will stick in the popular imagination for more than two weeks , because the movie is borderline ludicrous , and it jams its characters into rigid slots .
Director Shill does n't get fancy building tension from his nonsensical male-anxiety mayhem , allowing Knowles 's beguiling fierceness and Larter 's sexualized cunning to carry much of the prurient load .
When wronged wife and crazy lady finally let loose on each other in the film 's final scenes , Obsessed becomes a wildly campy and deliciously trashy must-see .
The payoff might be the perfect visceral ending for your aggressive modern woman , but a fine piece of storytelling it is not .
This is one of those impossible horror movies , like the kind about giant radioactive ants or invading aliens who want to steal our water . Lisa is just a crazy psychotic bitch ...
Obsessed is best enjoyed as glossy , campy fantasy
Obsessed is your typical stalker thriller but is horrifically written and terribly overacted . I am bitter I had to pay to see it since it did not screen to critics .
A predictable , trashily entertaining time-filler . There are signs in the first half that it could have been more than that , and this is why disappointment sets in .
The climax arrives in the form of a glorious girl-on-girl smackdown that will someday make a fine clip on YouTube . Until then , do what the actors should 've done : hold out for something better .
A trashy , empty calorie thriller that plays with racial bugaboos and DTV slasher conventions for a cheap , conversation-with-the-screen response . Oh my , this picture is junk food , but worse , it 's an absolute toothless bore .





@highlight

The inevitable Fatal Attraction comparisons aside , Obsessed is a generic , toothless thriller both instantly predictable and instantly forgettable .