` Butter ' pokes R-rated comedy -LRB- lots of swearing -RRB- fun at dirty politics , as well as the 4-H club-attending , pie-baking , cow-comparing , butter-carving , red state demographic .
The final result , however , is a complete oddity that is less an interesting political satire and more the piercing examination of butter carving competitions that no one ever asked for .
The characters want to melt your heart , but like everything in `` Butter , '' they 're just too pat .
Butter is a dizzying blend of smug satire , surface-level observations and mean-spirited swipes at flyover types . Oh , and take away Olivia Wilde and it 's a laugh-free affair .
A movie concerned with the seemingly ridiculous world of butter carving may not sound like a smart , tear-jerking , must-watch political satire . Yet Jim Field Smith 's sophomore effort Butter is all of the above and more .
Butter has strong moments and has more than a few good jokes , but as a whole it struggles to keep its footing
As smart , savvy , and witty as the film is at times , it never escapes the inherent identity crisis in its makeup
Undeniably strange yet sassy , it spreads subversive , thinly-sliced Americana .
A heartland-set train wreck of purported satire that is confusingly edited throughout , and full of false moments which betray a lack of rigorous conceptual thought and honesty .
The film 's skewering of Middle America is so soft , you could easily cut it with -- what else ? -- a butter knife .
A wicked Midwest satire with razor blades stashed beneath its bright candy-apple surface .
Hardly the high-priced spread , this condescending comedy about Middle America will score with some audiences and put off others .
It settles for cute when it could have had more bite , and it aims for amusing when it had hilarious in its sights .
Like its namesake , this small-town ensemble comedy is somewhat oily and lacking in flavor .
Another in a long line of bad films set in the Midwest .
-LRB- D -RRB- espite its slights , Butter finds a way to win us over .
Butter contains enough genuine levity to slide down easily .
Plays like one long , slow descent into cloying moralizing and uplift that 's well past its expiration date .
Quirky comedy pushes boundaries in the name of laughs .
Garner 's Laura is a lazy caricature , a Sarah Palin-style Republican trophy wife in power suit and pearls , but then every character in rookie writer Jim Micallef 's script is a flat stereotype .
With Sarah Palin , the movie 's thinly disguised object of derision , now operating on the fringe of mainstream culture , the entire film feels like yesterday 's news .
The movie 's entire superior attitude is kind of annoying .
The film ping-pongs jarringly between Laura and Destiny 's stories , both of which are strikingly different in terms of their tone .
We 're still just scratching the surface of witty , provocative humor as long as envelope-pushing directors such as Jim Field Smith continue to find work .
At times , the Midwestern satire `` Butter '' is almost funny , and in its honor I almost laughed .
Director Jim Field Smith keeps the quirky characters coming with smooth efficiency and throws in some nice touches along the way .
There are a few chuckles along the way -LRB- mainly sight gags involving butter -RRB- , but the commentary is obvious and toothless .
Pleasant despite being awfully slight and rather mean-spirited -- proof that this material might have made a far better picture with a smarter , more controlled voice .
The movie is larded up with distracting subplots and poorly used stars -LRB- Hugh Jackman as an Iowa City car dealer ? Really ? -RRB- .
At 90 minutes it feels inflated , and though clearly intended as funny , it 's difficult to locate , except in the most general terms , the focus of the movie 's satire , and there 's not a laugh to be had .
Given the talent assembled for this diversion , you ca n't believe it 's not better .
The film grows increasingly mirthful as the characters come into focus , and the casting is the key : Ms. Garner , who also helped produce the film , has a gift for catty roles ...
Butter thrives on skewering characters whose self-importance isolates them completely from the consequences of their actions .
This film is dumb , blunt-instrument parody .
Drippy sentiment and coarse political satire vie for control of `` Butter , '' a two-faced sendup of heartland obsession that wants to have its toast and eat it too .
Butter is a film more enamored of its premise than interested in making it work .
`` Butter '' is funny in spots , but it 's so preoccupied with landing below-the-belt cultural jabs that it misses the opportunity for laying out biting social commentary .
It 's a crass , mean-spirited feature that abandons artistry for hackneyed R-rated buffoonery .
Butter wishes it were a Christopher Guest sendup but comes off like a cheap imitation .
Labored anti-right-wing comedy begins with a ridiculous premise and arbitrarily piles up the outrageousness to a numbing degree .
A shrill , cartoonish mess - not a total disaster , but no one 's idea of a good movie .
It 's one thing to create biting social satire ; it 's quite another to shoot at such easy targets .
Butter is laid on too thick , and in other places it 's spread too thin , and it never quite develops a flavor of its own .
It 's the film 's unwillingness to deal with the sometimes hilarious and often problematic things its characters say and do that stands as one of its ultimate failings .
Butter is a sassy movie that spreads charm and laughs . And butter .
Like many comedies about small-town life , `` Butter '' is smug in its depiction of its unworldly , petty characters ; many of the actors seem invested in making sure we know they 're smarter than the people they play .
About as subtle as a slab of lard served on a slice of ham .
A toothless , insufferably smug satire using competitive butter-carving as a weak-tea stand-in for Midwestern politics ...
The first movie in history that makes Hugh Jackman look repulsive .
High-calorie fun , an election-year treat that skewers small minds without making them synonymous with small towns .
Political satire requires a sure hand ; this wink-wink attempt at milking the culture wars for comic commentary is downright butterfingered .
If anyone thinks Obama 's statement about rural whites in this country clinging to their guns and religion as the hands down , way over the top winning quote in riling up the rubes , they have n't seen this movie buttering up the blue states .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Everyone knows capitalism is a racist construct to begin with . It 's funny watching an African American girl turn `` the white man 's burden '' on its head .
Butter is a spectacularly entertaining film , a well written , perfectly paced comedy brought to life by one of the year 's best ensemble casts . It also functions as adept , timely political satire .
Barking rather than biting , this social-political satire is disappointingly soft and too crude , perhaps because it 's a feature directorial debut .
Once the wilted satire of Jason Micallef 's script is stripped away , what 's left is a generally amusing competition comedy .
` Butter ' took me by surprise . I was n't expecting much , but it turned out to be a movie filled with humor , heart and art . It 's one of my favorites this year .
Who knew that this satire of small-town culture would be the year 's funniest satire to date ?
A hare-brained excuse for a satire .
... an unexpectedly entertaining and frequently laugh-out-loud funny piece of work ...
A fairly simple and straight-forward competition comedy that 's much more entertaining and endearing than one might imagine from the premise .
Director Jim Field Smith and newcomer screenwriter Jason Micallef ca n't or do n't care to distinguish the elements of audacity and satirical cleverness from those of mockery and crudeness .
There 's a badly ill-judged cameo from Hugh Jackman , but also a good spoonful of laugh-out-loud gags , particularly those involving the red tape of local civic talent contests .


@highlight

Despite its talented cast and a few funny moments , Butter 's satirical aims are largely undone by a lack of subtlety and air of smugness .