Walking Out is a textbook `` boy learning to become a man '' movie , that attempts to make its tropes feel fresh by presenting them as self-seriously as possible .
Both -LSB- Matt -RSB- Bomer and -LSB- Josh -RSB- Wiggins do a terrific job of making the panic and fear of an unfamiliar situation seem real , but it 's the -LSB- Andrew -RSB- Smiths who really make the scenario and snow-clad surroundings come alive .
This battle-for-survival-type drama treads familiar territory and offers some warmth but never seems quite as powerful as it should be .
The second half is gripping . There 's less time for talk , and the Smith brothers give us a superb sense of the fearful power of this landscape . Maybe that was the point all along : nature just keeps on giving and taking .
The characters , not the predicaments , are the heart and soul of the film .
When it does deliver , you can sense you are in the presence of something special .
Walking Out is a perfectly serviceable , somewhat old-fashioned , robust drama , but not much more .
The mountain backdrops are stunning , but the movie 's real draw is its understanding of how children pick up more from their parents than their skeptical , self-pitying moms and dads ever imagine .
This low budget film looks like a big budget film . The cinematography by Todd McMullen looks great , despite the fact that much of the shooting must have been done under difficult weather conditions in remote locations -LRB- mostly filmed in Montana -RRB- .
Walking Out is a beautiful and moving feature with themes as old as the mountains they traverse but still relevant to all fathers and sons .
Spare but incredibly sensitive wilderness survival story .
... a plain and devastating story about family and the traditions that bind them , set against the majestic and inhospitable wild .
`` Like a snow-covered mountain , the film 's deceptively simple surface conceals a complicated landscape underneath . ''
Exactly the sort of well-crafted small film that should make us all grateful places like the Sundance Institute exist .
Though narratively slight , Walking Out is an effective fable which brings together not just father and son but the modern and the ancient ; part of the ongoing process of America discovering itself .
The story 's poignancy stems from the knowledge that fathers and sons never really know one another .
... boasts moments of eerie loveliness , a pair of solid central performances , and enough confidence in the primitive engine of its story to know when to leave things unsaid .
Walking Out is part father-son drama , part survival thriller , part coming-of-age yarn , and part uncompromising horror film .
The film is content to tell a simple , elegantly tense story that 's worth wearing out the edge of your seat for .
Walking Out has an effect : Bomer is doing something different and he and Wiggins have believable father-son chemistry ; the setting is gorgeous and desolate ; and the hero 's journey narrative is comfortingly familiar .
A spare but deeply affecting male weepie , in which the intensity of feeling between father and son can find expression only under the most extreme circumstances .
Talks and talks and talks itself out of being a lean , testing tale of fathers and sons and survival .
You wo n't walk out of Walking Out .
Few movies have evinced such a specifically American understanding of the role that love plays -LRB- or does n't -RRB- in becoming a man , or so openly confronted the notion that strength can only be passed down through suffering .
Indeed , things get genuinely gruelling , but filmmakers Alex and Andrew Smith somehow manage to avoid both melodrama and sentimentality .
Walking Out settles into a comfortable survivalist-story groove , albeit one specifically designed to dehydrate emotionally repressed males one sob at a time .
Although it sometimes feels too bleak , it 's well acted and evocatively captures its remote setting to the extent that you can almost feel the chill in the air .
Father-son hunting trip becomes perilous survival drama .
The film works best as a simple tale of a ` civilized ' person 's immersion in the natural world , conveyed through scenes of physical struggle .
-LSB- A -RSB- delicate story of fathers and sons ...
A bit lacking in the drama department , even with a few terrific scenes to hold the movie together .
Even when its plot starts to sag , `` Walking Out '' remains beautiful to watch .
A brainy , emotional , and captivating survival tale .
It 's a beautiful movie about unthinkable things .
Walking Out is modest in scope , its concerns limited to man 's attempts to live both morally and harmoniously with nature .
Walking Out is the latest in a noble tradition of American films made about the subject , and in many ways bears similarities to Iñárritu 's film , but unfortunately , ca n't replicate that which made The Revenant such a success .
Its unabashedly folky , less-is-more approach proves quietly moving .
-LSB- Alex and Andrew Smith -RSB- can always be counted on to make smart , evocative films about masculinity and the foundational relationship -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- between fathers and sons . Their new film Walking Out once again delivers the goods .
The bonds between father and son are tested to the breaking point in Walking Out , a nail-biter of a survival drama .
Bomer and Wiggins are extraordinarily good and the well-crafted screenplay creates a palpable tension that hangs for the last twenty minutes or so of the picture . This is independent filmmaking at its best .
Seeing Matt Bomer get rugged is a captivating change of pace .
Josh Wiggins makes an excellent and restrained stand-in for moviegoers who , more than likely , will have no idea what they 'd do in his shoes .
A father and son are faced with a harrowing test of endurance in this snowy thriller with a burning heart .
An example of a survival movie that just is n't dangerous enough .
Beautifully-shot and Matt Bomer is great in an unusual part .
It 's a brutal , blood-drenched story , but also a captivating and poignant generational saga that will stay with the viewer long afterward .

@highlight

Beautifully filmed and powerfully acted , Walking Out effectively balances tense father-son drama against an affecting wilderness survival story .