We are even transported by Tsai 's ecstatic play of light , space , and time-cinema at its purest .
Stephen Chow 's Journey To The West : Conquering The Demons is a thoroughly entertaining action comedy that suggests , a la Woody Allen , a promising new life behind the screen for the actor-director .
Chow breaks out one elaborate set-piece after another .
It makes good use of computer animation and slapstick action comedy .
Stephen Chow 's inimitable chops for comedic action are on full display in Journey to the West .
It is a work that appears to ask so little from its audience -LRB- not much more than patience and an alert eye -RRB- , but gives a heck of a lot back .
Another exquisite , snail-paced cinematic perambulation from Tsai Ming-liang and Lee Kang-sheng .
A kung fu comedy , a Chinese fairy story , a Buddhist action movie , a prequel to a mega-series that makes James Cameron 's ambitions look puny , Chow 's Journey to the West is everything that is good about China 's mega-blockbuster inclinations .
Liang 's ravishing conceptual film achieves a rare blend of sensuous delight and documentary specificity .
Journey to the West is an episodic picaresque epic , moving from set piece to set piece without the traditional Western screenplay-101 contrivances , allowing for a more casual , freewheeling , adventurous tone .
Characteristically bug-eyed and silly , by turns creative , clever , and exhausting .
The cast is extremely funny and the movie will entertain viewers new to his work , but happy as I am to see anything from the multi-talented Stephen Chow , for this longtime fan , the movie feels a bit empty without his comedic onscreen presence .
While we do n't get to see him personally up there amongst the heroes and demons , -LRB- Chow 's -RRB- stamp is all over Journey to the West . It 's what makes this flight of fantasy so much escapist fun .
Journey to the West works so well because Chow has a flair for grand comic-action set pieces , and his imagination seems to actually draw energy from these rapid-fire tonal shifts .
There 's not an actor in this movie , from the leads down to the extras , who does n't mug like crazy , and there 's not a moment onscreen that is n't utterly ridiculous . That , however , was clearly the goal
There 's a grandness to the action sequences , playful allusions to ` Jaws , ' and a great feel for the spectacular . It 's just a shame its story gets lost in translation .
By turns daffy and dazzling , awkward and artful , `` Journey to the West '' takes an ancient tale and gives it contemporary flair .
For all the exaggerated facial expressions and flailing limbs , Chow keeps a high-wire balance with an intrinsic sense of pace that perishes all possibility of action fatigue .
Mr. Chow has perhaps achieved more sustained and elaborate adventures , but he hits a sweet spot of comedy that never grows too self-aware or forgets the value of a good , clean demon whomping .
Director Stephen Chow 's action fantasy film Journey to the West is a miss , but a wild , reverent , explosive miss .
The final product is very much Chow - with elaborately staged stunts , slapstick inspired by silent Hollywood , and a silliness that will appeal to kids -LRB- as well as some black humor that may take some explaining for younger audiences -RRB- .
As a director of kinetic slapstick action , Chow remains unparalleled .
Even merely very good Stephen Chow makes you realize how little joy emanates from most of Hollywood 's outsized blockbusters .
Stephen Chow 's dazzling comic fantasy about a gentle Buddhist demon hunter .
Chow 's movies are always as sweet as they are silly , a combination he once again balances - alongside cool effects - with typically deft irreverence .
Imaginative retelling of a 16th-century Chinese novel is both hilarious and oddly reverent .
Conquering The Demons feels like a Chow movie through and through ; as in his other films , much of its charm rests in the intermingling of the very high-concept and the very lowbrow .
The clever , unmediated fun that Chow serves up , with tongue lodged just far enough in cheek , is rare in American movies .
The camera swoops and whooshes about but never generates any compelling energy - Chow 's film proves endlessly manic but devoid of much mirth .
Stephen Chow playfully blends feverish martial arts , cartoonish visuals and a wonderfully vibrant story that 's more or less a Saturday morning cartoon for adults who love fantastical demon hunting adventures .
Entertaining fable with dazzling effects opining that there is good in every human being
Stephen Chow 's distinctive vision is evident in the seemingly boundless imagination of his scenarios , and in the film 's sincere spiritual concerns and generosity toward misfits and outsiders .

@highlight

As sweet , silly , action-packed and ridiculous as director Steven Chow 's best work , Journey to the West serves up dazzling action sequences while playing its disparate elements against each other with thrilling abandon .