Next time your boss is being a jerk , take a look at My Flesh and Blood .
Poignant , heartbreaking proof that , sometimes , love is just not enough .
For an agonizing and ultimately transcendent cinematic portrait of sacrifice , love and saving grace , audiences need look no further than this unpretentious and deeply moving film .
Serves as a moving reminder that there are people out there who walk the walk and serve as examples of the humanity we all should be exhibiting in our own lives .
This movie , tough to watch , is invaluable to absorb .
Full of life , the characters openly share moments of startling intimacy , hardship , and triumph .
Fails to resonate with anything more than the quotidian rhythms of a uniquely dysfunctional family .
Think raising your kids is tough ? Try this moving documentary on for size .
One of the most profoundly moving and inspiring documentaries in recent memory .
In turns heart-wrenching and eye-opening , this documentary is one of the year 's best .
The effect on her children of Susan Tom 's call to serve and cherish is enthralling to behold , and My Flesh and Blood deeply honors her and her family .
The documentary debut of Emmy Award-winning Bay Area TV journalist Jonathan Karsh pays a price for its hands-off approach .
takes us to a place that many of us will find difficult and joyful at the same time
Powerful and startlingly unsentimental .
The experiences of this family from Fairfield will resonate with moviegoers around the country .
There may have been ` no grand plan ' to Susan Tom 's life , as she says , but grand is a good word for what 's happened .
A movie that quickly shows us what giving thanks , and being brave , is really all about .
An unforgettable experience .
Some of the afflictions are so disturbing , you might have to turn your eyes from the children . Susan Tom does n't have that option . And 11 children are all the better for it .
Whatever you make of this family , one thing is certain after watching My Flesh and Blood -- you wo n't forget them .
The audience witnesses not only the incredible humor and joy and confidence that -LSB- Susan -RSB- has instilled in her children and the unanticipated turmoil the clan .
Karsh does a remarkable job of sorting through his footage to make a flowing story .
You 'd have to be a stone not to be affected by My Flesh and Blood , but the director , Jonathan Karsh , merges compassion with voyeurism until you ca n't tell the difference .
My Flesh and Blood is an engrossing documentary about a truly nurturing adoptive mother of eleven special-needs children .
Despite , or perhaps because of , the jollity that reigns in this household , one wants to ask the Mia Farrow question : Why does this woman keep surrounding herself with others who are completely reliant on her ?
Single motherhood has seldom looked as daunting and enervating as it does in this unsentimental documentary .
Poignant , disturbing , and thoroughly captivating .
The Tom family 's amazing , eye-opener of a story gives you new appreciation and respect for the abilities of the handicapped .
The footage of these children is n't always pleasant to watch , but it 's my feelings toward the family that really started to bother me .


@highlight

Disturbing and heart-wrenching documentary about a 53-years-old woman raising 11 children .