This is a really good movie to watch if you do n't want to think about anything .
es , it is completely exaggerated to hell and back , but that does n't stop Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates from being conventional R-rated comedy fun with four leading actors having a blast
This charmless affair lurches from one clunky set piece -- drugs , dodgy massages and sudden nudity -- to another , with Devine overacting and Kendrick totally failing to convince .
Alas , from the lame premise to the dumb execution , -LSB- Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates -RSB- ends up feeling super dated .
Somehow , this film is the rare rom-com that rewards a party girl rather than forces her to change .
Every so often in comedy , the filmmakers will get into a creative groove in which every scene is imaginative , almost unhinged and completely successful . This happens in Mike and Dave .
It 's not for all tastes -LRB- certainly not mine -RRB- , but for those who find such raunchy comedies funny this one is at least well-executed .
Ca n't quite parlay its calculated brand of coasting into the cinematic revelry it aims to .
Every once in a while there 's a really good laugh but , like its title characters , it perpetually pushes too far , never quitting while it 's ahead .
There are glimmers of Efron 's sweetness and Devine 's screwball intensity , but it 's mostly a fumble of lame gags .
What Mike and Dave really need are n't dates but better , more imaginative material .
Were it a bit more absurd , it might function as a surrealistic commentary on the romantic comedy genre . As it stands , however , it 's just a boring comedy .
Bundled with Dirty Grandpa and Bad Neighbours 2 , the release of this forgettable , scatter-brained R-rated comedy belch marks the completion of Zac Efron 's informal film trilogy , the chief message of which appears to be `` I will now say ` yes ' to anything '' .
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates proves that raunchy , booze-soaked comedies work only when the audience has more fun than the people on screen .
An infamous film that makes no estimable relevance in the subgenre of lewd teen comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A perfectly stupid and entertaining movie for anyone looking for a braindead comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though is not a great movie , it will surely know how to make you laugh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
What can you say about a Hollywood comedy that features a `` comedy '' second-act rape sequence in a massage parlour ?
Never wacky , weird , or wise-ass enough , Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates rings hollow in its daring and just hits too many false comic notes .
A brash summer film that gets lost at times but its vulgar jokes will definitely make you laugh . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The longer the film goes on , the more the audience will wonder why they do n't feel in on the joke .
If you like films with tasteless humor mixed with parties and alcohol where the characters live happily ever after , then this is the one . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The only thing worth mentioning are the strong performances .
A movie with poor content . Most of the jokes in it are ridiculous and even absurd . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining movie that works as a nice distraction but it 's not fully convincing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As Mike and Dave 's parents observe of the boys ' rowdy behaviour , ` This shtick was cute for a while , but it 's gotten stale . '
A failed example of the -LRB- not so -RRB- New American Comedy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A dumbed-down entry in an already dumb genre , this inane sex comedy is neither funny nor outrageous enough to interest any viewer with an IQ higher than zero .
An unashamed Wedding Crashers homage , as a comedy it has mixed fortunes -- but is not entirely without appeal .
Grim and dispiriting viewing .
The cast are game and full of energy but Efron and especially Anna Kendrick deserve better than this obnoxious material .
Showing girls being just as crass and idiotic as their male counterparts is not quite the equality we should be aiming for .
Something happened to this reviewer during Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates . One day I hope to understand what it was .
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is a brisk and frantic comedy that tries hard to be hilarious . It fails despite a talented cast and a workable premise , falling victim to a kind of desperate crassness .
It 's like riding a roller coaster fueled by Red Bull and grain alcohol : kind of gross but pretty fun , too .
The characters are n't consistent and ultimately this is just one long stretched-out gag .
At its worst Jake Szymanski 's film is soul-crushingly unfunny , Efron and DeVine playing bonehead brothers whose lazy , dumb-and-dumber shtick includes confusing the word `` ultimatum '' for `` an old tomato . ''
Efron is reliably amusing , but the gags -LRB- most of them very , very rude -RRB- miss as much as they hit .
Efron needs a new agent , who does n't seemingly insist on a clause that he has to take his shirt off in every film .
Give the film this much : it 's egalitarian in its imbecility .
Enjoyably sleazy but absurdly contrived .
A sweetly silly trounce of the idea that overgrown frat boys are charming . Shakes up the subgenre in a way remarkably , if perhaps accidentally , feminist .
` Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates ' and a more even script .
This is one invitation you really should decline .
The actresses are dynamite , Kendrick in particular , each lighting up the screen with a ferocious glee that 's inspiring . But gosh did I find a lot of this tiresome .
Even the title is poor .
Like watching an interesting hot person waste time on his embarrassingly mediocre , unfunny friends .
Adam Devine is undoubtedly a hilarious guy and expert improviser even if his default mode for both energy and audience sympathy tends to be ` full throttle '
Some of the jokes do punch uncomfortably downwards but , for the most part , the writers keep the bad taste above board .
I imagine this was pitched as something like Wedding Crashers meets Superbad and it has the feel of a comedy leftover from the Noughties . Do n't they know the party 's over ?
A strong cast ca n't rescue the repetitively crude and recklessly derivative material . Mike and Dave need a lot more help than in merely finding wedding dates .
Aggressively vulgar while straining to be outrageous , it 's like one of those rehearsal-dinner toasts remembered for all the wrong reasons .
It does n't break new ground on the genre , but it has lots of laughs , a decent storyline and a great cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates , '' an alleged comedy , has almost no connection to reality ...
... a misguided , misbegotten misfire of epic proportions .
A fine cast goes to waste in this risk-free and cliché-riddled comedy , loosely based on a true story .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- filthy and , on occasion , hilarious , with a lot of funny people executing some terrific physical humor and a few inspired , shocking jokes . Then there are the shocking jokes that simply do n't land , coupled with incredibly shoddy production values .
Abandon hope of wit , all ye who enter here .
Mike and Dave is dumb and sloppy , but there 's a certain levity and joy among these four leading actors that make it hard for me to dismiss it entirely .
The comic riches here are enough to make this movie a fairer version of Wedding Crashers for our decade , a recommendation you can take all the way to the altar .
Mike and Dave are funny because Efron , DeVine , Kendrick and Plaza are pros . There are plenty of rude and crude moments in the movie , and I laughed a lot ... I hit the wall about 20 minutes before the film ended , which is n't bad for a hard R comedy .
It 's a moment-by-moment form of comedy , where making a gag at a particular instant is more important than overall story consistency .
Anna Kendrick steals the show when she 's onscreen but one wishes that the script itself was worthy of this concept and her talent .
Without relatability , there is nothing memorable about this film to sustain it after its theatrical run .
If this is the comedy Hollywood thinks millennials want , we 're screwed .
I think I did n't totally dislike it for the Kendrick-Plaza potential it never really fulfilled or exploited , and if that sounds like faint praise , well , it 's intentional .
It 's every bit the stupid , raunchy high-concept comedy that appears in all of its marketing - but very funny stuff is going on at the margins . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Establishes Efron as a movie star . Aubrey Plaza walks off with the movie .
First-time feature -LRB- it shows -RRB- director Jake Szymanski and `` Neighbors '' writers Andrew Jay Cohen and Brendan O'Brien squander a good premise by turning their lead characters into a pair of one-dimensional clowns .
... this is the sort of movie that could play at a fraternity keg night and be largely ignored except for the real sleazy parts .
A hard-R comedy that wants badly to push buttons and shock/amuse us with its wink-wink `` dirty '' jokes , four - and ten - and twelve-letter words , and graphic sexual references , unaware that while dirty can be funny , dirty does not necessarily EQUAL funny .
Obvious Hangover-style scenes eventually fall by the wayside , and the film nicely avoids being yet one more nail in the coffin of contemporary dude-bro romps .
has the jumpy exuberance of a puppy that wo n't stop humping your leg . It 's a bummer that the jokes do n't land often enough .
The fact that Mike and Dave will inevitably turn into a rom com blunts its potential as a black comedy of comeuppance for the titular jerks .
There 's nothing clever here . The filmmakers believe that broad , obvious gags , pratfalls , and profanity-laced tirades are inherently funny . They 're not .
A funny-enough summer comedy that never quite breaks free from the countless raunchy iterations that have come before it .
Does n't even convincingly craft its own internal reality . There are no rules or character motivations , words come out of Zac Efron 's mouth when it is n't moving , and Anna Kendrick 's wig changes color seemingly at random .
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates hits the basic mandates of R-rated comedy but falls flat in its effort to be as insightful as it is funny .
You never quite believe these women belong with Devine and Efron 's Hollywood-generic douche bags -- it feels like a failure of the script , if not the entire industry . If you do n't think about it too hard , you wo n't hate it .
The buffoons are likable , even sympathetic , and the time spent with them passes like a cool Hawaiian breeze .
As pure escapism , it is a good deal less expensive than air fare to Hawaii .
The film -LSB- focuses -RSB- so much time on madcap hilarity that it forgot to flesh out its characters . As such , the performers are forced to rely on the superficiality of their natural personas .
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is many things : a showcase for labored sex gags , a massive waste of talent , an exercise in tedium ...
Sometimes a movie seems like it was more fun to make than it is to watch . Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is one of those movies .
Mike and Dave need more than wedding dates and we 'll start with a plot that is n't stale , humor that is n't recycled or that 's aimed at someone over the age of 15 .
Stale , raunchy buddy comedy has tons of partying , sex talk .
It might have the names of its two leading blokes in the title , but it 's actually a movie all about gender equality . Those girls are as foulmouthed as the boys .
It 's okay if your characters are stupid and crass , but stupidity without inspiration just does n't work .
There 's a sense of joy the cast and filmmakers had in making the movie , which pays off onscreen in steady belly laughs .
If you embrace fingernails across a blackboard , then you 'll love the douchey Mike and Dave and they 're unsavory wedding dates .
It breaks no new ground , and the desire to offend for its own sake gets tiresome . But Mike and Dave keeps the ball in the air for 98 minutes , and it is pretty good at showcasing funny people who happen to be women .
Aubrey Plaza is the movie 's dark heart -- in what might otherwise be a run-of-the-mill bro-com , she 's a breath of foul air .
It 's dull and forgettable , unable to stir up a passable amount of absurdity to make its dim sense of humor even the least bit interesting .
Four funny , engaging stars adrift in a sea of strained sexual gags .
They also need a more imaginative script .
It 's possible I saw it on the wrong night , in the wrong mood . But I 'm fed up with the cheap laziness of this strain of comedy .
The movie goes for a bawdy , `` outrageous '' vibe and big laughs , which it lands less than half the time .
Good-natured yet deliriously dirty -LRB- and somehow based on a true story -RRB- , Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is probably the only good thing to ever come of Craigslist .
There are laughs to be had , big and small , but this offering could have likely been even funnier and certainly smarter with some extra script work . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Sex , Nudity , Profanity , etc. - Also Available -RRB-
The movie 's real value is that it 's crude and funny for no defensible reason .
There 's two types of humour ; scripted scene-long set-ups , and the cast 's adlib lines . Both suck with a truly punishing consistency .
Your ability to appreciate the result of this unstoppably bro-tastic marketing juggernaut will depend entirely on your tolerance for bro humor .
Jake Szymanski apparently filmed every gag the writers and actors could think of and collated the results into a barely coherent but occasionally funny movie .
Two idiots need dates ; they get them .
It generates a reasonable smattering of off-color screwball laughs , but it is for the most part a conventional , surprise-free affair .
Writers Andrew Jay Cohen and Brendan O'Brien rely on the dynamic between Efron 's straight man and DeVine 's screeching tantrums , but their lack of comedic chemistry fails to carry the simple storyline .
The personalities of the brothers ... grow tiresome quickly .
Most of its humor is as clumsy and generic as the title .
Ultra-raunchy comedy , a movie of sub-Apatow quality that mines the wacky wedding territory ... , only to come up empty ... There may be worse comedies than ` Mike and Dave ' this year , but one fervently hopes not .
A temper tantrum of a comedy -- makes a lot of noise trying to get what it wants , but laughs here are as non-existent as an exasperated parent 's smile in the face of a screaming toddler .
It wants to be Wedding Crashers , but it 's not nearly as memorable , smart , or sweet .
This is not great moviemaking by any stretch of the imagination , but the spot-on comic timing of -LSB- Kendrick and Plaza -RSB- captured my funny bone and kept it happily working overtime from start to finish .
Any such novelty is undercut by the dull certainty that , like the -LSB- Wedding Crashers -RSB- this one will end with a joyous ceremony and a validation of marriage . Mike and Dave may need wedding dates , but the producers need a date movie .
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates succeeds with gags , but it fails to build a lasting comedy relationship with its audience , meaning we 'll only remember bits and pieces of this party .
What the film has going for it are four inspired lead performances , a welcome reversal of gender roles , and Zac Efron , who has turned hunky oafishness into an art form .
Some of the dumbest bits -LRB- and there are many -RRB- do n't fail completely because of the talents of the actors , especially DeVine , whose line readings throughout are sensational .
There are some solid laughs , even if most of it rings familiar .
It 's asinine in an almost irresistible way . The film has an unapologetically dirty mind , except when it seems to have no mind at all , which is frequent .
It 's bizarre and vulgar , but also too funny to resist .
The whole thing is undeniably sloppy and never quite as funny as it could be . But Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates refuses to be jammed into the mold , and that 's worth something .
Mike and Dave emanates an improvisational vibe with its talented comic actors whipping up snappy comebacks and physical shtick that work , most of the time .
`` Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates '' gives us too much hangover and not enough buzz .
It hammers us over the head with the same handful of jokes in the hopes of beating us into submission . And it strains the screen appeal of a group of actors who normally are enormously likable .
The ads proclaim the movie is `` inspired by a true story , '' as if to give it street cred that it would otherwise lack . Let 's break it down , shall we ? Mike . And . Dave . Need . Wedding . Dates . What 's inspired ? What 's true ?
a raunchy romp that is fearless in how it skirts the shoals of sleaze before it wades right in with an amiable nature governing the hijinks
With the talent involved , it 's not unreasonable to expect something better . It 's not me , raunch-com : it 's you .
Enjoyable enough in its first hour to almost be able to overlook its weaker excesses , `` Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates '' loses its way during a third act that threatens to dismantle all good will .
Devine 's slackadaisical approach infects the rest of `` Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates , '' which starts out amusingly enough before caving in to a forced march of `` Oh no they did n't '' gags .
Efron and Devine 's immature teamwork suggests that they 've been watching Step Brothers a lot , while Kendrick and Plaza act like they 've been studying Tina Fey .
Like a lot of weddings : sporadically fun , draggy in spots , ultimately forgettable .
The inconsistent character development fits with the inconsistent humor in a movie that falters as often as it shines .
Efron and Devine start out very strong as an anything-for-laughs pairing , but like the movie itself , their connections grows progressively weaker throughout .
Quickly fizzles out when it becomes apparent that what 's being shown on-screen is less than necessary to the story 's development .
Mike , Dave , Tatiana and Alice come off as more quirk repositories than flesh-and-blood people , which flattens the film 's insistent attempts at redeeming them towards the end .
While it does suffer from inconsistent characters and a clunky first act , the energetic debauchery , improvised one-liners and memorable bit parts result in a fun -- if formulaic -- comic luau .
Newbie director Jake Szymanski and writers Andrew Cohen and Brendan O'Brien do n't seem to grasp the essence of farce . This is more fart ...
An uneven blend of American Pie and Forgetting Sarah Marshall that 's as vapid as its protagonists and lacking in the improvisational laughs its cast so dearly wants to find .
The comedy in Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates may not have a 100 % success rate , but at least the charming cast - especially Adam Devine and Aubrey Plaza - manage to make it a worthwhile time at the movies .
This is certainly not a must see , but if you want to escape from the summer blockbuster , there are weddings far worse than this you could attend .
Desperately striving for the raucous , R-rated irreverence of `` Wedding Crashers , '' `` Mike And Dave Need Wedding Dates '' expends a lot of energy trying to convince viewers of its edgy , outrageous impertinence .
A consistently amusing , if slapdash , wedding comedy buoyed by raunchy star turns from Adam Devine and Aubrey Plaza .
Zac Efron 's goofy comedic chops have become even more defined than his abs .
For a movie about a wedding , it still feels like a rehearsal .
It builds well , ultimately gets the best out of its cast , and delivers enough laughs to be more than worthwhile , if just a little bit forgettable .
A pleasantly pervy summer comedy surprise
A surprisingly fun summer comedy and icing on the -LRB- wedding -RRB- cake for fans of the raunchiest of humor .
The Stangles lucked into brief fame and unearned riches , but they 've been rewarded with a movie that -LRB- mostly -RRB- upends their dudeish worldview and makes the ladies funnier than the gentlemen .
These characters are just a collection of manic tics and bits from other movies -- adding female versions of them does n't really help .
Szymanski , on his debut feature , desperately tries to keep a few laughs coming while navigating toward a resolution without getting too pat or sappy . A thankless task it was .
Zac Efron and Aubrey Plaza lead a game cast in a gently nutty comedy that has a bit of cleverness to go with the raunch .
There 's a craftiness in the script that is n't always present in these performance-based , R-rated comedies .
What Mike and Dave really need are a few jokes , a coherent screenplay and some direction - any direction at all might have helped .
While Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates may not be a particularly convincing or memorable portrait of maturation , the fact that Kendrick 's character even has an arc is enough to make you believe that bro comedies are finally coming of age .
Much like with Neighbors 2 , Mike and Dave 's obvious ace in the hole is its commitment to gender parity .
... your typical screwball comedy ...

@highlight

Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates benefits from the screwball premise and the efforts of a game cast , even if the sporadically hilarious results do n't quite live up to either .