The Water Horse is an extremely charming little children 's film of the type that we unfortunately have been seeing less and less often , with just enough weight to truly earn the title ` a film for the entire family . '
... we are able to sit back and enjoy the fun without ever losing sight of the sadness underneath .
The story nicely interweaves the legend of the Loch Ness monster with a tale of childhood angst , wartime drama and adventure .
Pleasingly evokes the days when Roddy McDowall frolicked with Flicka and Lassie , -LSB- but -RSB- it must be said that a CGI pet is not quite so easy to love as a flesh-and-blood performer , animal or human .
Mal conseguindo ocultar o fato de ter sido claramente inspirado em `` E.T. '' , é um filme terrivelmente irregular que traz personagens esquemáticos e um monstrinho tão `` simpáticos '' que jamais temos certeza se este irá devorar seu amigo humano ou não .
'T is a great beastie , and not a wee pig , this time around .
The only reasons to stay awake are the nature porn shots of the Highlands impossibly green hills and gray skies , and a nimble bit performance by a bulldog named Churchill
It does n't condescend to kids ; its themes and narrative structure are fairly sophisticated .
Although it 's a fantasy , ` The Water Horse ' makes us believe we 're actually seeing 1940s Scotland on the big screen .
An intelligent and family-friendly variation on the boy and his dog story in which the ` dog ' is a cuddly little creature that turns into the Loch Ness monster .
A heart-warming film about a boy and a magic sea creature , The Water Horse captures the wonder of a timeless tale by combining good storytelling with a strong sense of time and place
The Water Horse 's fluctuation between wholesome kiddie flick , complete with silly humor , and dark fantasy/coming-of-age drama ultimately proves too unwieldy for the filmmakers to handle , causing the film to sink under the weight of all its well-meaning bu
-LSB- A -RSB- disappointing mixed bag .
... the pacing flags a bit in the protracted climax , but it 's fun overall .
The film does affirm the basic message of the best kind of fairy tale : as with water , so with other things : there is more to this world than what we see on the surface .
One of the strengths of The Water Horse is that it does n't compromise and keeps things real even with the fantastical elements .
Predictable family fantasy not as good as book .
If you 're in search of family fare that wo n't have the adults in the audience checking their watches , this is it .
Despite the drama , there is nothing in The Water Horse that will frighten young children . The cast is good , and the special effects are even better .
You ca n't go wrong with a family movie about a boy and his pet ... even if that pet goes from the size of a puppy to a full-blown sea monster in a matter of days .
Russell scores big by casting young Alex Etel as Angus . Etel made us believe in saints in the film Millions . Now he makes us believes that a computer generated water horse is a living and breathing creature .
... a magical , worthy film that deserves a place on the classics shelf beside films like Whale Rider and Lassie Come Home .
... a bit too calculated and reliant on special effects .
A sweet , whimsical fantasy-adventure for the whole family .
The Water Horse features an awkward combination of real-life drama and cutesy physical humor that never blends .
A rich , mostly tender fairy tale .
The period detail is evocative , Watson and Etel are particularly good , and baby Crusoe -- a computer-generated image seamlessly woven into the live action -- is a slippery little star in his own right .
A tepid , CGI-enhanced family movie that should delight 6-year-olds with a lap full of popcorn .
It 's so pleasingly old-fashioned that you could almost believe it was made in the World War II era during which it 's set .
What makes The Water Horse different is its sophisticated , wraparound story , which initially seems at odds with a computer-generated sea-beast .
The special-effects creature is a fairly marvelous creation .
A capable British cast brings life to the characters , and the movie 's computer animators do a good job with the monster , from playful ` pup ' to formidable adult .
The film is a triumph of empathy .
Maybe the best thing about this cute pet movie is that the kids wo n't be able to talk you into picking one up on the way home from the theater .
Few kid films manage to assemble this much ambition alongside this much sincere , sweet emotion .
It 's a little corny and somewhat overlong , but a sweet sensibility and stirring adventure scenes make The Water Horse : Legend of the Deep a welcome gift for anyone looking to keep kids entertained over the holidays .
The film is what family entertainment ought to be , but so rarely is : a ripping good adventure , a parable about childhood and maturity , and a romp .
It all moves with predictable deliberation , with a revelation at the end that will be a surprise only to those who have been asleep through the movie .
It 's the cast that really makes it work
The Water Horse moves along at a dutiful clip , engaging us without transporting us .
Many lonely children yearn for a pet to call their own . In The Water Horse : Legend of the Deep based on a novel by Dick King-Smith , a boy finds not only that , but a best friend as well .
What it lacks in originality , it makes up for in execution .
Everything you want a family film to be : clever , literate , and above all , engaging .
... the film looks grand . A little too grand for the sappy proceedings .
Parents , forget about those warbling mischievous chipmunks . If you want to take the kids on a delightful animal adventure that you will enjoy as much as they do , go see The Water Horse .
The average 12-year-old will find it slow and predictable .
Not too hard to figure how it all ends up .
The Water Horse : Legend of the Deep is a Christmas surprise , a charming family film that skips the sugar coating to create a believable bond between a boy and a beast .
This is a fine family film , filled with imagination and heart .
Adapted with charming dispatch from the Dick King-Smith story .
You ca n't deny the solid performances , the meticulous period detail and , most importantly , the way it refuses to talk down to young audiences .
In an era when pop-culture onslaughts are more fashionable , family movies of this quality are hard to find .
A sweet , familiar story , beautifully filmed and lovingly told .
Director Jay Russell grounds the fantasy in serious drama , with enough slapstick to keep it from getting too scary for tots .
Like most British family films , Water Horse does n't dumb down its young characters or insult the intelligence of the audience . It has a lot of sly humor .
Despite the title , this is Etel 's film all the way . His expressive , peaches-and-cream face , overhung by a frequently furrowed brow , is simply a bang-on depiction of childhood anxiety .
No surprises , really , just a nice-looking movie with good digital effects and a cute kid .
An adventure story about a boy and a creature he raises who just might be the Loch Ness monster .
Etel ... has a wonderful face for the movies - it 's as shiny as a kid 's could be , yet also somehow tinged with darkness , as if he 's busy processing adult concerns .
The story is clever and heartwarming enough for the film to work on some level for adults and children -LRB- although it skews younger -RRB- . Plus , the CGI work is competently done .
It all plays out as you know it must , right down to -LSB- Brian -RSB- Cox 's narrative revelation at the end , but that does n't diminish the sense of satisfaction this gratifying family entertainment delivers .
It 's a mess of a movie , too frightening for the wee ones and a sleeping pill for adults . It 's childlike wonder blared at top volume and there 's no need for such disorder to steal free time from your holiday season .
Spends too much time on dull shenanigans by military men and sound effects of the screech-knock-bang variety .
an intriguing if incomplete experience
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't the child-friendly romp you might think .
An endearing kids ' adventure like the kind of movies Disney used to make in the '70s and Amblin made in the '80s .
This film is n't for everyone , but its refreshing honesty and emotional depth will make it a much-loved favourite for some .
Snug and amiable , this is a comfy easy chair of a movie ... one easy to let yourself sink into and enjoy in spite of yourself ...
a small , personal film spruced up with a touch of the marketable . ` Lovely ' is the best word to describe it .
Nessie lays an egg literally and figuratively in this inoffensive , visually attractive but highly derivative family movie about a boy and his beastie .
The most wondrous film of it 's kind since E.T. . The Extra Terrestrial touched down .
It declines to take itself seriously , yet manages , sometimes simultaneously , to be exciting , instructive , cheerfully absurd and genuinely affecting .
By the end of the `` The Water Horse '' Russell 's film has pretty much morphed into `` Free Willy IV : Lassie Go Home . ''
Kids could go with the dino-pet theme pretty easily , and adults wo n't hate it , but the few E.T. moments do not excuse the predictability and choppiness found throughout the entire picture .
It 's a movie for kids , and I suppose they will like it well enough , its pedestrian story notwithstanding .
The best kiddie picture of the season -- and , along with Ratatouille , of the year .
The Water Horse 's framing device lends just the right measure of nostalgia and fairy-tale wonder .
Alex Etel 's adorable acting makes this one of the most charming of the year 's kids ' movies .
Family films that wo n't make adults gag are always in short supply , so a pleasing British fantasy , The Water Horse : Legend of the Deep , is a welcome addition to the holiday season .
Though it strikes some predictable coming-of-age notes , this moving , well-wrought adventure should appeal to fans of E.T. and Carroll Ballard .
Despite the occasionally charming or amusing moment , an air of familiarity hangs over the proceedings .
The star of this Scottish fable , about the mythical Loch Ness monster , looks like a raw chicken breast with teeth when he hatches .
While it might not be the best present ever , it 's also one that its recipients are unlikely to return .







@highlight

The Water Horse is a fine family film . It takes a classic tale and infuses it with extra imagination , sly humor , heart , and inventive special effects .