If the team behind Piranha is planning a sequel they will need to recast as many of the key players were eaten during the craziest 88 minutes I 've ever spent in the cinema .
Unapologetically gleeful about doling out the cinematic junk food that you 're looking for when you sit down to devour something called , well , Piranha .
The joy of Alexandre Aja 's Piranha is that he is accomplishing nothing but a bloody entertaining good time .
Filled with recognisable faces , packed with excessive blood and gore and jokes as corny as they are hilarious , Piranha 3D is , if nothing else , the most honest and unpretentious piece of filmmaking of 2010 .
`` Piranha 3D , '' although cliched , embraces its genre and is a highly-enjoyable fun B-movie .
I understand what the filmmakers were trying to do and they almost pulled it off , but there 's no sense in making the audience slog through a dreary 40 + minutes before the fun actually begins .
The best example of the level of art that Piranha 3D aspires to comes when a guy gets his dick chomped off and it gracefully floats down towards you in 3D .
Piranha 3D is more funny than disgusting , even when screen fills with half-nude swimmers , bobbing like human dumplings in a roiling vat of borscht . This is n't just sick , it 's clas-sick !
This action-thriller will eat you alive . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Aja once again proves that no one understands the aesthetic of ample arterial spray better than the foreign horror geek .
... a mildly watchable B-movie effort that could have -LRB- and should have -RRB- been so much better .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Fails in being an entertaining satire and a competent horror film ...
There?s a dull predictability to the set pieces ; when you see a topless para-skier bob in-and-out of the water , it?s inevitable that she?ll rise into the air without any legs .
Piranha 3D gets honestly earned points for the creative energy it sustains in the arena of creatively gory dispatches , non-torture porn division .
Neither gore enthusiasts nor boobie fans will be disappointed . Piranha 3D knows what it is and embraces it , from stupid disobedience to kids in peril to sexy exploitative silliness , with a remarkable level of humor and competence .
Coarse , crass and mind-boggling shameless ? Hell , yeah ! Alexandre Aja 's remake of the Joe Dante/John Sayles ' killer-fish movie flies its trash flag high .
... this is one of the few flicks this summer that actually delivered what it promised .
A movie fueled by the wet dreams and rage fantasies of a thousand pubescent boys . Perfectly attuned to its audience -- 3D boobs , gore and dodgy science abound .
a wickedly effective cinematic union of suspense and irony , topped with an invigorating dash of dry wit
Even if the rest is immediately forgettable , the massacre scene is n't .
Its only saving grace , if the film can really be said to have one , is that the filmmakers were fully aware that they were n't making anything that could be taken seriously .
For most of Piranha 3D , Aja skates along the line separating satire/camp from horror without straying into the realm of outright parody .
Seen with a group of friends and in a packed theatre it is doubtful that if this is your cup of tea you 're not going to walk away ecstatic afterwards .
Many new 3D films are n't designed for the medium , but Piranha 3D is ideal : an exploitation movie with lashings of blood , bouncing bare breasts , and masticated body parts being thrown around , all fake as hell and often funny .
Crasser than even a movie with Eli Roth as the host of a wet T-shirt contest needs to be , yet there 's no denying that director Alexandre Aja stages the flesh-eating , comin ' - at-ya chaos with bloodthirsty glee .
Let 's get this over with : ` Piranha 3D ' is softcore exploitation .
Too unbelievably crass to live , and wonderful because of it .
If you 're looking for signs of intelligent life -- well , did you really expect to find them in a remake of a Seventies B-movie anyway ?
Gratuitous in every sense of the word .
This moderately entertaining popcorn thriller recaptures the B-movie spirit of such vintage schlockmeisters as Samuel Z. Arkoff and Roger Corman .
Piranha 3D ends the summer on a note of shamelessly entertaining B movie bottomfeeding .
There 's a degree of gruff integrity at work for at least two-thirds of Alexandre Aja 's grindhouse piranhapalooza Piranha 3D .
Horny horror-movie revelers tend to deserve what 's coming to them , a sentiment French-born director Alexandre Aja embraces with maniacal glee in a third-act massacre that 's downright ruthless .
While most horror movies attempt to draw sympathy for its victims , Piranha revels in sadistic glee as thousands of teens are torn apart with unparalleled ferocity , turning crystal waters blood red for the adulation of the audience .
An awe-inspiring , stomach-churning journey into blood , gore , and boobs directed by one of France 's most talented horror auteurs , Alexandre Aja .
While stretches of the movie are terrible , there 's enough gory goodness to put it over the top .
Occasionally a reviewer has no choice but to dismount from his high horse , set aside minor considerations such as intelligence and good taste , and evaluate a film strictly on the basis of whether or not it delivers to its targeted audience .
Not for the squeamish or faint-hearted , it 's sicko scary , spewing gallons-upon-gallons of R-rated graphic bloody gore . Not surprisingly , a succulent sequel is in the works .
Insultingly the filmmakers thought that modern audiences want lots of nudity and lots of gore , but would not appreciate decent writing or interesting characters .
There comes a point where you ca n't decide whether you 're bored or nauseous , or a little bit of both .
Pretty limbs are torn rudely off , a girl being carried out of the water splits in two , and Lake Victoria turns blood red with the carnage .
Can we ask anything more of a popcorn horror flick ? No , we can not .
Aja rejects the victim mentality of horror for the past ten years and crafts a legit throwback to the classic slasher doubling as Morality Play . Well done .
Hell hath no fury like a school of hungry , teen-eating piranhas !
As far as cheesy , sexist and violent B-movies go , Piranha 3D is a blast .
Just because a film knows its trash , does n't mean it should be forgiven of being so .
The carnage is incredible , with each death more imaginative and bad-taste funny than the last .
Has just the right tone of playfulness .
Like most movies seeking instant cult-film status , something is missing -- authentic exploitation madness maybe .
That most unlikely of remakes -- an improvement .
Packed with enough nudity to make Russ Meyer proud -LRB- if it was my movie I would have named it `` Piranha 3DD '' -RRB-
Once the mayhem begins in earnest , you 'll get more or less what you wanted . Or , rather , more or less what you were expecting to settle for .
Relying on gross-out and shock in place of smarts or suspense , it 's a film that reeks of talented people deliberately miring themselves in low-rent schlock .
Silliness reigns in Alexandre Aja 's agreeably cartoonish remake of the '70s exploitation picture .
Take a look at the Piranha 3D poster or watch the trailer online . You 'll know by the end if you want to see it and if you do , then you 'll have a blast .
The violence is gory , gratuitous and convincingly staged , a credit to effects duo Howard Berger and Greg Nicotero , whose carnage looks impressively -LRB- or nauseatingly -RRB- real , even if the boobs are not .
They not only embraced the When Animals Attack genre , they dry humped it .
What is disturbing is the talent and distinction of much of the cast , whose mere presence seems to signify an element of smart , self-conscious fun that the movie does not really supply .
There is , it turns out , a clear demarcation point past which ravaged flesh and floating body parts become a bit boring .
The film delivers exactly what horror fans like and what the rest of us loftily dismiss as low-rent rubbish .
Boobs are back on the big screen . And lots of blood . Plus , this film has more awareness of campy fun then Stallone 's ` The Expendables . '
This is a film that has nothing more on its mind than providing viewers with a slick 'n' sleazy exploitation item that crams more blood and body parts -LRB- attached and otherwise -RRB- into a 90-minute time frame than any other movie in history .
Aja 's ability to spoof an easy target gives ` Piranha 3-D ' its primary thrill factor . All those scenes of wriggling naked bodies torn to shreds have obvious cathartic potential .
A movie this adolescently dirty-minded could hardly pass up a chance to go to Lake Titicaca .
Lacks the fear and emotion of The Hills Have Eyes , is n't half as witty as Sorority Row and almost entirely consists of the same kill over and over .
funny and gross and tasteless as it is , it frequently feels like too much , as if Aja is swinging for the fences of cult moviedom at every moment
If you 're in the mood for such schlock , you could do worse . That 's what 's called faint praise .
A gory , self-aware joyride that is insane in all the right ways .
delivers truly imaginative levels of gore and mayhem
Making a great B movie requires more than just fake blood and breasts , something the minds behind Piranha 3D already know .
Parents keep your annoying kids out of my R Rated Movies ! Has a bit of build up but once the carnage finally hits , it 's 20 - 30 minutes of absolute , beautiful , mayhem .
Those who go in craving blood , gore , breasts , and Ving Rhames going medieval on a school of prehistoric , flesh-eating piranha are going to leave the theater with big , silly grins on their faces . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
A blast of black humour , much of it referring to other films , makes this riotously violent remake rather a lot of fun .
-LSB- Proves -RSB- yet again that there 's no concept so foolproof filmmakers ca n't screw it up .
It 's hard to imagine how scenes of mass dismemberment set during a wet T-shirt contest could be staged any better .
Piranha 3D is nothing less than the Avatar of B movie schlockfests .
The film more closely evokes the B-movie spirit that gave birth to stereoscopic cinema than any of its contemporaries .
Like a Troma production with a bigger budget and a better-known cast , but just as much gore , gratuitous nudity and disregard for good taste .
Exactly the kind of cheese I love !
... because `` Piranha 3D '' unabashedly embraces exploitation , I would like to cut it some slack ... The problem is that it is n't even good exploitation .
Piranha 3D proves a worthy heir to its brazen exploitation-cinema forefathers .
The new Piranha 3D lived down to my absolute lowest expectations and I say that with nothing but gleeful affection .
Though it 's campy and gory , but for all its hype , it 's best to save your money rather than spring the dough for special effects that are n't that spectacular -- or even eye-popping .
Delivers exactly what you 'd expect : gushers of blood , ripped flesh by the kilo , and acres of bare booty and boobs -LRB- some of them real -RRB- .
A ridiculous gore-fest that falls completely flat in terms of character , dialogue , and logic but pops off the screen in the areas in which it really counts for a movie about prehistoric man-eating fish .
Too much Jersey Shore , not enough piranhas .
Guilty pleasures belong to August , 3D belongs in the grindhouse ... and when the authorities tell you to get the hell out of the water , you really , really should .
As for the gore , well , if Aja could n't deliver that , it would be like Al Gore being at a loss for words .
Nothing more than a fun summer popcorn movie .
These bros and bimbos are jerk tartare . Go , fish , go !
A non-stop buzz machine that runs on boobs and blood , offering everything you 'd ever want to see in a movie whose logline is ` Thousands of prehistoric piranha attack Spring Breakers .
The definitive film for this latest 3-D era : It exploits sex and gore the same way studios are exploiting moviegoers with 3-D ticket prices .
Forget about ` Avatar ' ... Kelly Brook is the reason 3D was created .
Hands down and body parts floating , the most irresistibly sick movie in years is Piranha 3D , which should be retitled Piranha 3D , Double-D and C for all the topless cuties director Alexandre Aja feeds the fish and audience .
Delivering all sorts of bloody goodness , Piranha is Alex Aja 's best film since High Tension ... It 's damn fun , and off the hook bloody .
... packs in exposed boobies and dismembered bodies like a 50-gallon aquarium stuffed with maraschino cherries .
May actually surpass its 80 's Velveeta inspirations - a film so absurdly gratuitous that it somehow becomes weirdly pure . It knows precisely what it is .
Piranha 3D goes for the jugular . And generally misses , but generally in an amusing way .
The softcore cynicism wore me down a bit .
I must confess that I have a sneaking admiration for knowingly humorous movies that exploit the worst instincts of their target audience .
A very gory but equally funny guilty pleasure with a keen sense of its own ridiculousness .
80,000 gallons of fake blood , extreme violence , gore , terribly cheesy dialogue , legit scares , high tension , porn stars and a wet T-shirt contest all in 3D . Are you sold yet ?
Makes a Gwar concert look like a Jane Austen book club meeting...good-natured fun , not for every taste , but a specified , sun-soaked ride of debauchery , marvelously executed .
Remember the film you hoped Snakes On A Plane would be -- this is it !
It 's silly but not unwatchable , and has the nous not to take itself too seriously ...
The suspense is as skimpy as the swimwear ...
Brilliantly cast , gleefully gory and featuring more nudity than is probably strictly necessary , this is a hugely enjoyable creature feature with terrific 3D effects .
Had Christopher Lloyd ended his scene with a `` great scott ! '' utterance , it might have simply been too much to handle at one time .
So good-natured in its approach to trashy entertainment that it 's hard to resist the ride . Provided you 're not too busy vomiting in the aisles .
The Citizen Kane of killer piranha movies .
Has plenty of good , old-fashioned blood & guts and the kind of full frontal nudity that 's guaranteed to send young boys into puberty .
It 's Elisabeth Shue and Ving Rhames to the rescue in this low-tech drive-in throwback , complete with corny jokes , unnecessary gore , stunt casting and plenty of skin .
A bloody entertaining blast of a flesh-eating fish-out-of-water story .
-LSB- Tries -RSB- so hard for the laughs and the allusions amid all the gore , and endless bloodbath of bare naked ladies , that it completely forgets to frighten anyone .
Mere words can not describe how awesomely gnarly Piranha 3D is , how hugely entertaining , and how urgently you must get yourself to the theatre to see it . Like , now .
The 32-year-old carnivorous fish franchise has lost none of its bite , serving up a fresh batch of spring-break revelers for the fearsome creatures to attack .
Aja serves up the tongue-in-cheek thrills , CGI-enhanced gore and gratuitous nudity with such unabashed relish that this may prove to be the summer 's break-out horror hit .
Keep a protective hand poised above the 3D specs .
Piranha 3D is not for everyone . But if you 're thinking about seeing a film called Piranha 3D , chances are you 'll be delighted with it . Watch this sick filth now .
Aside from the 3D gimmick , there 's not much on offer here that the low-budget original did n't include , with plenty of comical gore , snappy thrills and in-joke references .



@highlight

Playing exactly to expectations for a movie about killer fish run amok , Piranha 3-D dishes out gore , guffaws and gratuitous nudity with equal glee .