The troubling fact is that the whole shiny edifice of Mary Sue indulgence here is built to cover up one of the most disturbing fantasies that pop culture has concocted in quite some time .
Fans of Twilight will undoubtedly be thrilled with the franchise 's victory lap , just as the uninitiated will be confused from start to finish .
As much fun as I had watching this piece of trash , I have to admit that this was one of the top five worst movies I 've ever seen , and I say this as a person who has read all of the books .
Like its heroes and heroines , it 's a cold-blooded creature , and the little life it does possess is heading in a single direction -- towards a frozen existence .
This movie is funny .
Director Bill Condon -LRB- `` Gods and Monsters , '' `` Dreamgirls '' -RRB- and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg -LRB- she wrote the last one , too -RRB- finally get the joke and have crafted a movie that possesses an iota of entertainment value .
Winking , self-aware camp that eventually explodes into a craptacular of the highest order .
If you 're looking for a review that will tell you the movie is terrible and its fans are idiots , I 'm afraid I must disappoint you .
The film 's long middle is still a slog , but the beginning and ending are loud and weird enough to supply solid entertainment .
In `` The Twilight Saga-Breaking Dawn , Part 2 , '' Bella gets a much-needed fire in her belly . Her wimpy former self is suddenly a badass .
I may not be a doctor but believe me there is no way that Stewart and Pattinson would ever produce a baby this ugly .
The Twilight series comes to a close with this uneven yet satisfying finale that effectively wraps up the saga of these vivid , almost iconic characters ...
It 's been a sappy and largely uneventful ride , and I welcome The Hunger Games taking its place in girls ' hearts , but let 's not pretend there have n't been far worse film series .
I rolled my eyes , laughed at , and laughed with this film . I was entertained . It 's a sloppy enjoyable mess , and the most fun I had watching a ` Twilight ' movie .
Taylor Lautner 's abs .
Hopelessly dumb and often unintentionally funny . As with everything about this nutty series , I could n't shake the feeling that Stephenie Meyer 's creation is just kooky in all the wrong ways .
if you have n't seen any of them - why not see this one ? It 's crazy fun for less than two hours ... It 's all very tonally specific , and the tone is bonkers . But it 's so intriguing , and everyone looks so good ... the guiltiest pleasure of the year .
A feast of ripe dialogue and bloodsucking action .
In one of Stephenie Meyer 's weirder conceits , Jacob ` imprints ' on Bella 's daughter : This may be the most awkward way to resolve a love triangle since Luke discovered Leia was his sister .
Condon , the cast , and the crew of The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 2 have made something they can be proud of .
`` Breaking Dawn Part 2 '' offers readers and moviegoers the ending they hoped for . Only problem is most will be asking for more and wishing it was not the final chapter .
If only the other films in the series featured such surprises -LRB- as in this film 's climactic battle -RRB- instead of being so by-the-numbers in adaptation and crafting , the saga might have proven more significant .
This franchise ends with a fitting finale that neither proves the series worth , nor does it disappoint the faithful .
The big payoff to the Twilight saga is a solidly mounted , carefully directed exercise in franchise box-ticking ... Even the decapitations are done tastefully .
I 'm afraid there will be more of these , since these particular kinds of films provide a way for studios to make tons of money using very little effort or creative resources .
The perfect ending of the series for those who are fans of the books , but for the rest it is a little overdone and confusing .
At a key point , coven leader Aro -LRB- Michael Sheen -RRB- lets out a spectacular laugh - which nearly drowned out my own .
Not nearly enough shots of Taylor 's abs .
Even for a franchise that is horribly light on drama , nothing at all happens here .
And so it ends -- better than it started , but still a few brain cells shy of lucid thought .
Oh , my , what a cheat is in store for viewers of ` The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 2 . '
A reminder that the journey has been a murmur rather than a saga , and the final plod is no exception
From bottom of my heart thank you . And thank you to Bella , Edward and Jacob for letting us laugh , cry , debate , and pick sides while you three bastards stare at each other .
Even by Twilight standards , this one 's a snoozer .
Bloodier , funnier and even more ridiculous , but the final chapter of this saga is better paced than the Potterthon .
The fifth and final entry in the historically successful `` Twilight '' franchise is the most self-aware and in some ways the most entertaining .
Well , thank god that 's over .
If anything , this series has gotten dumber and more inert as it has progressed , with this last one finally reaching over into an extended wallow in camp .
The world 's most insipid vampires are back in inaction ! Twilight has never been more about people standing around waiting for stuff to happen to them ...
There are better ways to spend your evening . Perhaps there 's some laundry to be done ?
I 'll probably never understand the popularity of the Twilight movies . They 're haphazardly assembled adaptations of awful books .
As for the millions that have had to suffer through this series , we celebrate the end of one of the worst franchises in cinematic history and are thankful that we no longer have to dread more of this soap opera that should have been cancelled long ago .
Ah yes , the Volturi , who come dressed for battle like they 're being photographed for a Dutch Masters cigar box .
Let 's forget that any of this ever happened .
The Twilight films can hardly be considered masterpieces , but neither do they deserve the fear and loathing from male moviegoers threatened by the very existence of any franchise aimed at women . Still , this one fares the worst in practically every regard .
Twihards , do n't rip my head off for saying this , but I enjoyed your reaction to the final Twilight movie than the actual movie , although it was better than the awful Part I.
Syrupy , suspensful and surreal , proclaiming this final segment as the best of the ` Twilight ' saga is damning with faint praise .
If you removed the endless soulful gazes , this whole series could 've been delivered as a two-night SyFy Channel exclusive and wrapped up before the next airing of Sharktopus .
It is over . You say nothing is over until we say it is over ? The long national nightmare ends not with a bang or a thud but with one of the biggest FUs in Cinematic history
The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn Part 2 wo n't win any converts to either Team Edward or Team Jacob , but it has enough appeal to extend beyond the hardcore fans who attend ritualistically as a form of tribal identifier ...
Twilight Breaking Dawn Part 2 is an unredeemable waste of time and money . Like the vampire characters it 's utterly lifeless and yet by that monstrous twist of fate - it exists .
The Twilight Saga has finally ended , not with a triumphant roar but with the self-satisfied mumble of an inconsiderate lover rolling over and breaking wind as they fall asleep
The ultimate catharsis , giving the series ' detractors exactly what they 've wanted to see all these many years -LSB- and -RSB- telling the story that Twihards wanted to see too .
It 's a mess
Much like The Human Centipede 2 , Breaking Dawn : Part 2 completely fails as a serious film , but it makes one heck of an entertaining comedy .
` Breaking Dawn - Part 2 ' is the best of the series , despite the terrible CGI , mediocre dialogue and constant reminder of this is nothing but a love triangle between two guys and girl .
... Inept and self-congratulatory . It 's an eyeliner-and-bad-special-effects face off , with the Cullen family and their runway model pals voguing against Aro and his heavily robed , superpowered minions .
Breaking Dawn - Part 2 is n't the best Twilight Saga movie , but it does contain the best Twilight battle .
Wow , is it fun .
Final Twilight focuses on Edward and Bella 's legacy .
Unintentionally humorous exchanges and awkward visuals undercut the quality of the filmmaking - but the final movie delivers a solid conclusion for its intended audience .
Fans will find a lot to love with Breaking Dawn Part 2 , both expected and unexpected , and critics will find a non-stop checklist of laughable dialogue , poor acting and sub-par special effects .
Whew ! That was close : something almost happened there for a minute .
You 're going to hear a lot about Breaking Dawn Part 2 being the best of the Twilight movies . That 's like saying a simple head cold is preferable to swine flu .
The Twilight Saga signs off on something of a whimper with Breaking Dawn - Part 2 , despite the best intentions of those involved to bring some extra punch and spectacle to Stephenie Meyer 's source novel .
-LRB- It all -RRB- adds up to a movie of limited pleasures and lengthy miseries ... and when combined with Part 1 , it 's an endurance test that few outside the faithful could even pass .
There 's a lot in this vampire saga 's swan song for fans to sink their teeth into .
Bye Bye Bella : Farewell Edward
The prologue picks up where the nutty `` Part I '' left off , but that 's about it for the next hour and a half .
A tepid end to a tepid saga . The CGI is bad enough that you 'd think this came from the mid-nineties .
The ` Twilight Saga ' has no upmarket aspirations . Seeking neither critical applause or peer-review awards , these movies , like those of Tyler Perry , seek only to provide unabashed satisfaction to those who believe in their characters .
With a flurry of bonkers action and cross-species bonding , The Twilight Saga surges to a howling conclusion that has more attitude in it than all four previous films put together .
Will Chris Hansen and the Dateline NBC team burst out of the woods to catch that predator Jacob ?
The fifth and final instalment of the Twilight saga has the best climax of any blockbuster this year .
The finale is a doozy , almost certain to be satisfying to fans and impressive even to the casual `` Twilight '' viewer . But so much of what comes before that payoff ... is mundane , dull , all talk and no action .
A riotous showdown ... finds an absurdly ingenious way both to preserve and subvert the contentiously passive climax of Meyer 's novel .
With the bar set low , I am legitimately delighted when something like this actually delivers entertainment value beyond what its core fan base has come to pant over . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Finally , there is something we can all agree on : Twilight is awesome . Trust me , I 'm shrieking on the inside .
I know this movie was n't made for me ; if you 're not a hardcore fan , it probably was n't made for you either . Unless you 're a stoner . Because in that case , I suspect it totally was .
I 'm not sure why I even bother to review these movies . TWILIGHT fans are going to see these regardless of what I think . They 're going to like BREAKING DAWN part 2 , just because it 's TWILIGHT . They 're blinded .
The opening section of the movie has the air of a 1980s shampoo commercial as the two newlyweds ... make passionate love to a nonstop music track .
A tortura chegou ao fim .
Ironically , Kristen Stewart shows more life and spark dead than she did alive in four previous movies as the vapid Bella .
-LSB- The end credits are -RSB- a chance for `` Twilight '' fans to say goodbye to their favorites , and a chance for everyone else to delight in the knowledge that this consistently underwhelming saga is at long last over .
A finale that both rewards longtime fans with the most satisfying conclusion possible while providing a spectacular main event style brawl for action junkies .
-LSB- Bill Condon -RSB- makes a better case for the iconography of the series than anyone else has so far , and if you 're a fan , you 're going to feel incredibly well-served by what you see .
It 's a movie so dull you might start yanking on your own head after about an hour .
The series as a whole has steadily lowered the level of expectations to the point where ` less bad ' has become ` good . '
Other than the Bram Stoker meets `` Braveheart '' battle , this vessel offers very little to make our collective blood race .
After the laborious exposition of `` Part 1 , '' `` Part 2 '' is able to reap the benefits , tying together some disparate threads and providing real action at the end .
Unequivocally the worst of the lot ... The final instalment of a five-film franchise has all the emotional weight and impact of an episode of Entourage .
The very title Breaking Dawn , Part 2 hints at what the movie , sadly , reveals to be the case : The Twilight franchise has overstayed its welcome .
Breaking Dawn - Part 2 offers a very efficient , mildly touching , morally unimpeachable conclusion to a chronicle that has left an indelible impact on contemporary popular culture .
It took Bella dying for Kristen Stewart to some have life to her performance .
The first `` Twilight '' film that could get non-fans ' hearts pumping turns out to be the last .
Fans of the series , which has made more than $ 2 billion worldwide , will no doubt find it all terribly romantic and deeply meaningful . The rest of humanity will remain unmoved .
This one is for the fans .
Easily the best of the franchise 's five episodes but still none too good .
The filmmakers smartly let slip that this film would hold surprises not found in the book and the climatic battle between Cullens and Volturi must be seen to be believed .
Despite the slow start Mr. Condon closes the series in fine , smooth style . He gives fans all the lovely flowers , conditioned hair and lightly erotic , dreamy kisses they deserve .
It 's an ending to a four-book and five-movie series that will keep those who have read the books on their toes but still satisfy as one of the more action-packed and exciting of the Twilight movies .
Breaking Dawn Part 2 is the best Twilight movie ever made . That does n't mean it 's good .
While parting involved no sorrow , it was sweeter than expected .
As billion-dollar Hollywood franchises go , this is one of the drawn-out dumbest . The stake through the heart comes not a moment too soon .
Good riddance .
`` Breaking Dawn , Part 2 '' does n't end the series on an especially strong note , but it ends it . Let 's count our blessings .
Full of pauses and intense looks and vague standing around ...
It 's about as exciting as watching David Blaine play Stratego and makes you miss the power of the first four films all the more : the uncontainable yearning of the Bella-Edward-Jacob triangle .
-LSB- Condon and Rosenberg -RSB- deviate from the original story created by Stephenie Meyer in a way that feels like a dance in the end zone .
Breaking Dawn - Part 2 will elicit laughs aplenty - but thankfully , they 're all on purpose .
Leave your intelligence at the door and you might enjoy ` Breaking Dawn , Part 2 . ' Side note : Why were the two Black vampires Amazon savages with not even one line of dialogue ?
When the climactic battle finally arrives , it 's a big letdown , full of bloodless decapitations -LRB- thanks , PG-13 rating -RRB- and awkward face-offs .
No rocket 's red glare or bombs bursting in air for this Twilight 's last gleaming .
Plays more like a bloated final hour of a better movie than an actually satisfying experience on its own terms .
The catering-ad backdrops , pouty nonperformances and cheap-looking effects still dominate .
With so many scenes of well-dressed vampires sitting or standing , stiffly , while Taylor Lautner or Robert Pattinson or Kristen Stewart passes another micro-slab of dialogue like a kidney stone , -LSB- Sheen 's -RSB- overacting 's greatly appreciated , thanks .
A satisfying and gratifying ending to the journey of Edward and Bella that summarizes all the lessons we 've learned from them .
Director Bill Condon makes up for his rather lacklustre adaptation of the first half of Stephenie Meyer 's concluding novel Breaking Dawn with a full-throated Part 2 .
The final Twilight movie , bizarrely actionless for much of its length , may be the longest whimper in Rom-Goth history . Even the title weakens the will to live .
It made me realize that , as narratively lumpy as they can be , I like the Twilight films because they 're really about the eternal movie romance of vampires at play .
It 's not a good film , but viewed from a cockeyed angle , it 's a great guilty pleasure , and director Bill Condon is in on the joke .
There 's one final trick in Condon and Rosenberg 's bag , and it 's such a colossal letdown , solidifying Part 2 as the worst Twilight effort of them all and a production worthy of genuine contempt .
Bill Condon can not , for all his skill and effort , overcome the essentially s ** t nature of the source material .
While `` Breaking Dawn - Part 1 '' was zany enough ... to almost work as a stand-alone , `` Part 2 '' relies on mad rushes of exposition to explain exactly what 's at stake here .
Easily the trippiest and goofiest of the five addled adolescent vampire romances based on the Stephenie Meyer books ...
Immortality becomes Bella . After moping and mewing throughout the first four film adaptations of Stephenie Meyer 's `` Twilight '' paranormal romance series , the heroine takes charge .
A messy , unwieldy slab of film product that 's targeted directly at fans of the book series , with little regard for anyone else .
It 's a fairly satisfying wrap-up to a not-very-satisfying series .
The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn Part 2 is easily the best film in the series , thanks to stylish direction , a good sense of tone , and decent acting . It also has an infuriating ending that reinforces the worst of this series .
Director Bill Condon infuses the final entry with a refreshing balance of fun , vibrancy , action , humor and genuine emotion , making Part 2 the best of the bunch , by far .
As for you , dear reader , the symptoms of our long national nightmare should begin to fade as you 're heading out of the theater , dissipating by the time you clear the concession stand .
Breaking Dawn - Part 2 , the fifth and concluding chapter of the young vampire romance franchise , manages to find a pulse as it profitably clicks the turnstiles one last time .
Good riddance `` Twilight , '' may it be an eternity before you 're relaunched or rebooted .
A mainstream film designed for mass consumption that is quirky and personal and deeply felt .
Heavenly shades of night are falling : it 's Twilight time ... -LSB- for a series which -RSB- has always been borderline comical in its moments of greatest sincerity ...
This is still a silly , unapologetically melodramatic - and at times unintentionally funny - teen soap opera , and one that is made for fans and only fans . Which I still am not .
It 's not a terribly satisfactory capper to the Twilight franchise because it sets aside the strange undercurrents of desire and danger that defined the series and made it such a hair-tearing conundrum for feminists ...
This fifth and mercifully final installment features so much idle anticipation that it 's unclear whether we 're watching a movie or an Apple product launch .
Characters are better employed ; emotions are , for once , palpable ; and the selfishness of Bella , author Stephenie Meyer 's avatar , is finally somewhat squelched .
The final shrug .
Rather than repeat past mistakes by handling author Stephenie Meyer 's supernatural love story with kid gloves , this `` Twilight '' cuts loose and is as playful as a puppy .
So why does Hollywood forget the female audience when we need more heroines like Katniss Everdeen and Bella Swan ? Is it simply that boys like the cinema more than girls ? Well , Twilight blew the cobwebs off that movie myth .
The dialogue remains spotty and sappy , the effects still have n't caught up to modern-day standards , but `` Twilight 's '' popularity is such that even when it falls short , it does n't seem to matter .
Bella 's still a bit of a blank , but at least now she 's a bit of a blank with superpowers .
This is a rousing climax to the series . But , if you hated it from the beginning , there is no reason here to change your mind .
The changes make for a visceral , satisfying climax . After the ups and downs of previous `` Twilight '' films , it 's good to have the series quit while it 's ahead .
Finally , someone took the source material at its terribly written word and stopped treating the whole affair so seriously .
Condon and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg are n't afraid to play fast and loose with Meyer 's story , and that 's a good thing . You just wish they 'd done it more often .
Everyone 's tying up loose ends , and demonstrating no particular enthusiasm about doing so .
Between its farcical script , soulless relationships and waxwork performances , this is a final chapter that will please only the most devout fans .
A lot more fun than the last few films and it does at least deliver a genuinely thrilling finale . Sort of .
Twilight fans will certainly enjoy BD2 's faithful approach to the tricky-to-film source material and celebrate a triumphant ending to their beloved saga .
`` Breaking Dawn , Part 2 '' expands with a full intensity of force , stronger and more epic than the films that led to this impactful finale .
I must admit if you 're going to bring the series to a close , `` Part 2 '' does it about as well as it can be done .
In the climactic sequence things finally start happening , as if they wanted to show the movie they could have made if they were n't stuck with such lifeless material .
The central question of this `` saga '' ... having been answered in the final seconds of the previous movie ... there simply is no longer any tension left .
On final assessment , `` The Twilight Saga '' has been one pop-cultural fad difficult to figure out the appeal of , but one thing is for sure : all involved saved the best for last .
After a ridiculous five-film run , seeing the main characters at each other 's throats is twistedly blissful .
a thrill ride that will resonate with fans , and remarkably , connect even with non-fans - and it leaves behind a legacy that deserves to be remembered by both .
The final film restores order and balance , with a firm grasp of what made the series exceptional in the first place .
After nearly two hours of padding , there 's a laughable climactic battle sequence with heads shattering bloodlessly .
Aside from the impressive final showdown , Breaking Dawn - Part 2 feels like the dying breaths of a cash cow being milked dry .
Surprise : Twilight has discovered a fresh sense of danger and energy .
Bigger , better and bloodier than its predecessors ...
... ends on a surprising and admirably audacious note , given the more routine closer that may have been anticipated .
Tellingly , it 's when Condon and screenwriter Melissa Rosenberg veer away from Stephenie Meyer 's turgid text that Breaking Dawn , Part 2 actually comes to life and turns into something bold and outrageous .
Various character arcs are brought to a satisfying conclusion and there 's a fun twist .
In terms of providing plenty of bang for one 's buck , Breaking Dawn Part 2 definitely ends the franchise on a high note .
Finally -- finally ! -- the Twilight franchise embraces its own innate absurdity with the gleefully over-the-top conclusion , The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn - Part 2 .
Heads roll , sparks fly , wolves howl and the cinema audience collapses , weak with laughter .
The plot moves at a glacial pace and just when you think it 's starting to get interesting , you discover that it 's going nowhere .
Fans will be left on a high ; other viewers will be confused but generally entertained by a saga whose romance is matched only by its weirdness .
Far superior to the penultimate film , which should have been titled Breaking Yawn .
Despite all those fierce confrontations and tribal divisions , exhaustively rehearsed and mythologised , nobody 's really a bad guy and nothing 's really at stake .
There are welcome funny moments and those who have faithfully followed the taboo love triangle between vampire , wolf and human since Edward 's blood ran cold for Bella in the biology lab , will be satisfied by the way the story strands are neatly concluded .
Bill Condon 's final segment , is relatively speaking , the most eventful and engaging in a blockbuster series whose previous chapters were either below mediocre or really disappointing .
Three fingers of supernatural teen romance served neat in a dirty glass with a sparkler and cocktail umbrella , and not a single concession is made to newcomers , or sanity .
Directed by Bill Condon , who helmed the last instalment , the film 's an adequate end to the story but not much else .
Twilight Breaking Dawn : Part 2 really does stand up to be the epic conclusion that we were all waiting and hoping for
The final installment of the immortal Bella/Edward romance will give its breathlessly awaiting international audience just what it wants .
Every frame of silent , lip-biting , pent-up tension in the series has been holding its breath for this -- a 600-minute soap opera suddenly exploding into a Grindhouse slasher .
Somehow the final film has stuff to say about love , friendship and loyalty that works .
After a rather sluggish opening half , director Bill Condon delivers a rousing finale that will work fans into a tizzy .
This second of two Bill Condon-directed installments clears a low bar to stand easily as the franchise 's most eventful and exciting entry .
Never mistake this for a Good Film . But like going to see a horror film or a low-end action movie ... it was that kind of good time .

@highlight

It 's the most entertaining Twilight , but that 's not enough to make Breaking Dawn Part 2 worth watching for filmgoers who do n't already count themselves among the franchise converts .