This is explicitly not a film about young love , or being torn between boyfriends ... It 's about being brave , and being alone , and having to grow up too soon .
It 's too derivative to feel really special ... but it approached some of the material boldly enough to at least feel like an interesting view of familiar ground .
We 've been telling this story for a while now in different forms and modes ... But The Hunger Games , the books and now the film , have inspired a frenzy in the pre-teen set . I 'm not exactly sure why .
It adds up to an intelligent , reasonably well-made first installment that leaves us primed for Katniss ' future adventures .
A refreshingly gritty and adventurous affair that packs plenty of thematic depth , it does n't let the ambitious source material down .
Has all the technical ingredients of a great -LRB- and even important -RRB- film , but sideswipes them in order to leave the audience feeling like that they have been abandoned in the wilderness of extreme cruelty .
Though not at all innovative or original , is at least a worthwhile action fantasy .
Director Gary Ross does a great job in bringing the thrilling novel to life in this uncompromising drama .
The movie is oddly blithe about its central premise . How can this movie set up this monstrous society and this brutal game of genocide and expect us to not only cheer for someone to `` win , '' but also hope she finds someone to kiss in the end ?
The film shows precious little hunger and no sense of game .
Lawrence makes Katniss a heroine every bit as strong , fearless and compelling as the patron saint of badass females , Lisbeth Salander .
The filmmakers ' devotion to Collins ' page-turner will please the book 's fans and anyone who likes action , sci-fi , social commentary or a female protagonist with smarts , compassion and survival skills .
An exhilarating debut from the bestselling series about teenagers engaged in a deadly bloodsport .
Given the recent failure of so many big-budget films , the odds were n't in The Hunger Games favor , either . Thankfully , Hollywood got this one right .
The supporting cast is excellent -LRB- most notably Stanley Tucci as flamboyant television host Caesar Flickerman , and Woody Harrelson as Haymitch Abernathy , Katniss and Peeta 's troubled mentor -RRB- .
Some plot threads are underserved but The Hunger Games is a fascinating and disturbing character drama that successfully captures the core themes of the book .
Sure this entry is a ripoff of `` Battle Royale , '' but it 's still an entertaining ride with great casting that will more than likely please fans of the book and those who 've never even heard of it .
Despite a few minor problems , The Hunger Games proves to be a promising start to what will no doubt become the next beloved Hollywood mega-series .
While the 12A rating renders any serious violence a tad impotent , there is much more going on here than the fawning and frowning of its soppy vampire peer .
A retread of a tale that 's The Running Man meets Lord of the Flies with a dash of Twilight for tween-adoring measure .
I never thought I 'd describe a film by Pleasantville and Seabiscuit director Gary Ross as ` whackadoodle , ' but if the shoe fits .
The Hunger Games may be a flawed beast , to be sure , but there 's plenty of subtext to glean from the narrative , and a slew of wonderfully rich characters worth investing in .
While a great ride of a movie , it is also one wrapped around an oddly disquieting message .
The first genuine ca n't miss film of the year that you 'll want to go back to the theater to see over and over again .
Katniss embodies all that 's better than her Hunger Games opponents , being aptly appalled at what she sees while also learning to manipulate her audience .
The Hunger Games stomps the Twilight saga flat , and though I found those films somewhat amusing , this one is the real deal ...
... Does a more-than-adequate job of introducing a future world and characters I wo n't mind revisiting . And it gives you a little to think about while you 're waiting .
A blockbuster that has something to say about the world we could be living in . Unlike Twilight , this film actually has a deeper and more important philosophical meaning .
The phenomenal cast with great chemistry and sincere authentic performances from the older actors empowers the material .
Here 's the movie for which millions of fans have been starving .
If ` The Hunger Games ' represents the latest book-turned-film blockbuster franchise built on the backs of fanatical adolescents then this is progress indeed .
-LSB- Ross ' -RSB- version of The Hunger Games , while not perfect , is probably as magnificent I ever my wildest dreams could have hoped for it to be .
For those unacquainted with the novel , it 's a narratively unsatisfying - not to mention visually static - affair , regardless of how much Jennifer Lawrence holds her own .
What works on the page may not translate to the screen . That 's always been the challenge of bringing a writer 's vision to the movies . It all comes back to `` suspension of disbelief . ''
Whatever rough patches and shortcomings this first film has , that by the end I was indeed interested in seeing what happens next speaks to how Ross got it mostly right .
If you 've never read Collins ' novels , the odds that you 'll enjoy the film are not in your favor .
This movie rules .
If the setup behind ` The Hunger Games ' upsets you , that 's a good thing .
Lawrence is a strong role model for young girls with her character 's sacrifice , courage , moral grounding in a world that 's lost its own , and will to fight for what 's right , even if it means sacrificing her own life or sparking a revolution .
I did n't read the book . While the film is entertaining enough , I never felt drawn in to this new world .
An entertaining adventure , but while director Gary Ross gets terrific performances from Tucci , Banks , Harrelson , and Lawrence , he drags it out far longer than the story requires .
Lawrence is terrific in the lead role and gives us someone to root for to survive this horrible ordeal . The supporting players carve out memorable characters . The musical score , costumes and makeup are the other strengths .
I found the sardonic satire of the movie 's first half in the Capitol -LRB- a city that suggests a meeting of L. Frank Baum and Albert Speer -RRB- more intriguing than the insufficiently suspenseful depiction of the Hunger Games competition itself ...
Lawrence proved her ability to carry a character 's heavy burden in Winter 's Bone . As Katniss Everdeen , a teenage girl who is both physically and morally strong , she has gravitas , rarely breaking into a smile , but reveals no sign of self-seriousness .
Smarter and tougher than Twilight - and with a heroine who could n't be further removed from drooping , love-struck Bella Swann .
Solid enough , but for a non-fan fairly unremarkable .
A cheap looking , drab film .
A triumph of restraint - but had the film been more visceral and less sanitised it might have better implicated viewers in the voyeuristic bloodlust of its entertainment .
It is better than any of the Twilight movies , which is n't saying much , but it is n't bad . It is just barely O.K. and it badly needed more Steadicams .
The battle that informs this adaptation is between the filmmakers ' intent to create a moneymaking franchise ... and the efforts of star Jennifer Lawrence to create a compelling movie .
It has the slightly grubby , cobbled-together look of a futuristic flick from the '70s , but that is part of its charm .
Jennifer Lawrence brings to the pulpy material a sense of weight and gravity that few young actresses could muster ; she has a flinty strength that enhances , rather than belies , her soft features , and it makes Katniss a completely believable protagonist .
The movie on its own terms is an entirely likable thriller , if a bit light on intelligence and personality .
Jennifer Lawrence 's shining talent makes it all come together .
The film is aided immeasurably by Judianna Makovsky 's costume design . Clothes are an intentional method of deciphering The Hunger Games ' politics .
This tension-filled action-adventure delivers a pulse-pounding , pop culture message of female empowerment .
The Hunger Games is much more than a game . It is a memorable human experience . Thank the gods for the wonder of literature and the vision of movies . Some of us still hunger for eloquence on the screen .
Comparisons have been made to Battle Royale - and they 're not entirely undeserved - but this is a different film , and never feels like a watered down version of anything else .
Even when two people are just talking calmly , Ross jerks the camera around . Why ? As the sense of danger increases , he has nothing to build toward .
As if it were a survival reality TV show with a real pulse .
Finally we have a female lead character who is strong without being brutal , appealing without being objectified , and confident without being female-chauvinistic .
While the ending is a bit of a mess , the rest is n't terrible -LRB- and nobody sparkles in the sunlight -RRB- .
Gary Ross ' first foray into action filmmaking is occasionally hampered by wobbly camera-work , but is successful in the way it communicates the horror of violence without threatening the teen-friendly rating .
For those who have not read the book , this film is a movie without a cause .
Lawrence lends Katniss the kind of gravitas that , initially at least , makes the film 's bleak vision of the future seem credible .
Does it really matter that this is not an entirely new idea ? Nope .
It 's far too long and much inferior to the ferocious Japanese Battle Royale .
The Hunger Games features names that are like color palette rejects at the Dior counter .
Pulls its punches , content to be a glossy entertainment .
The cinematic visualisation of the upper class of Pinem - is painted with a surrealist brush that Salvador Dali might have dropped -LRB- but -RRB- . . falls short of expectations , registering a low emotional score despite all that is at stake
Gary Ross has a minimalist style that enhanced dialogue-dependent and character-driven efforts like Seabiscuit and Pleasantville , and it 's precisely why the first half works so well -- and why the second half needed a stronger presence behind the camera .
... a Junior Scholastic spin on Lord of the Flies , Logan 's Run and other post-apocalyptic allegories ... Lawrence scores a bull 's eye as the flinty , maddeningly tenacious Katniss ...
Gary Ross clearly does not have enough faith in the material or the world he created to simply let the audience enjoy the ride . The constant shaky cam , out of focus zooms and other unnecessary camera gimmicks literally made me sick .
A high attrition-rate , splatter flick designed to satiate the bloodlust of kids weaned on gory computer games . The Most Dangerous Game meets Lord of the Flies !
full review at Movies for the Masses
It is when the games begin that the potential and mythical quality of the characters is effectively conveyed despite a nagging feeling that Ross is holding back .
There 's not a shred of cynicism anywhere in it .
The positives to The Hunger Games are largely thanks to Lawrence in the lead .
Any gripes that I have with it stem from the fact that it could n't be four hours long and that it ca n't be in first person like the books .
The bottom line is , go watch Jennifer Lawrence , who played the life-hardened girl in Winter 's Bone and now makes this 150-minute adventure a cool-headed , engaging trip into the dystopia of future America .
People regularly complain that films ca n't be both entertaining and clever . The Hunger Games exists to prove them wrong . Please go and see it .
Maintains the novel 's romance to satisfy faithful fans while supplying plenty of action to keep the whole audience entertained . I 'll take The Hunger Games over the Twilight series any day , but it 's still no Battle Royale .
There 's a whole bunch of really nice subtle things that they do that they do n't feel the need to Broadcast .
... while Battle Royale is good bloody dystopian fun , The Hunger Games has a better , more completely drawn story and interweaving of theme . And it has Katniss Everdeen , who 's a completely kick-ass female protagonist .
Uma experiência eficaz graças a um universo interessante e a personagens carismáticos .
It is the shock of recognition coupled with a plot that constantly engages , and even surprises from time to time , that propels an intriguing premise both dynamically and sensitively realized .
A slick , functional adaptation that seems oddly disengaged from the potential richness of its conceit ; more inquisitive minds will find its cinematic adaptation lacking in some crucial respects .
Katniss Everdeen is motion pictures ' most fully realized and compelling female action hero since Sigourney Weaver 's Ripley from the Alien franchise .
The Hunger Games has as much to say about oppressive politics and the bloodthirsty , heartless media as it does about the internal struggle among the combatants .
The basic problems stem from the lackluster direction and the witless , bare-bones screenplay . This is sort of a BookRags.com take on a classic . You get the characters and the plot basics , but the art is missing .
`` Hunger Games '' should kick an audience directly in the groin with its presentation of the butchery foisted upon a society under the tyrannical thumb of a chosen few .
In book form , The Hunger Games was smart , provocative , exciting , and fun . The movie is all those things too . Everything comes together to bring a terrific story to life in a different format .
Katniss is the girl hero we 've been waiting for .
Gary Ross , who directed Seabiscuit , manages to get this nag out of the starting gate and across the finish line with no major blunders , but without much in the way of inspiration , either .
More in the league of the HARRY POTTER films than TWILIGHT . It 's nice to see a film aimed at kids that has such a strong , resiliant , heroic - yet human main character . A star-making part for Jennifer Lawrence .
That -LSB- `` The Hunger Games '' -RSB- is rated PG-13 while the soon-to-be released documentary `` Bully '' received an `` R , '' says some rather unflattering things about our culture .
The similar films , books and myths that went before do n't matter . The Hunger Games succeeds on the strength of its fresh , clearheaded narrative and depiction of a brave young woman who rejects the monstrous rules of the game .
Gary Ross made a real movie . Not dumbed down and not just pandering to a PG-13 teenage audience . By visually telling the story entirely through Katniss ' point of view he cleverly gets around many of the potential obstacles and objections one might have .
Ross manages to keep the pacing remarkably swift , given that the games themselves do n't start until halfway through the 144-minute running time .
The Hunger Games lacks a compelling raison d'être -- it 's not much of a class critique , and even less successful as an inter-generational study of how the young struggle against the old .
-LSB- Katniss is -RSB- perhaps the most engaging action-movie protagonist in recent years ... Am I glad I saw The Hunger Games ? Yes . But I 'm not eager to see it again .
Viewers can hope future installments retain this same thoughtful approach that works on multiple levels .
And how old is Lenny Kravitz -LRB- Cinna -RRB- ? He must bathe in the blood of young Hendrix knockoffs .
A dark and engaging action/drama laced with social critique and dystopian sci-fi . But most of all , it 's the story of a girl and crushed innocence .
The first film of the trilogy should have fans craving for more and under the skillful direction of Gary Ross , they will enjoy his well balanced adaptation .
Fans of the books and those new to the story should both be pleased and entertained .
The Hunger Games is a mess .
More satisfying than Twilight and a stronger kickoff than the first Harry Potter movie . But ... -LSB- it -RSB- fails to explore the ethical dilemmas it presents .
Even the most stalwart viewers , prior fans or not , will be squirming in their seats .
Older youngsters will , of course , love the thrill of the chase and some of the action sequences will , I dare say , have them perched right on the edges of their seats .
-LSB- Overcomes -RSB- the occasional rough spot to deliver a faithful and interesting sci-fi adventure .
May the Dramamine be ever in your favor .
Even if it was n't propelled by a compelling narrative , and even if Ross ' film did n't strike a nice balance between honoring the book and slavishly adhering to it , Katniss would be a fascinating character . That both of those are true only helps .
Lawrence is terrific , but the film is a sleek , competent example of a big-budget , sure-fire commercial hit without much soul or style .
It does n't help , either , that star Lawrence delivers a consistently competent yet wholly uncharismatic performance ...
While the hype may be overstating how good it is , I think both adults and kids will find it entertaining . And hopefully it 's a gateway drug to sci-fi for pre-teen readers .
By the time the satisfyingly bold , next-chapter-generating cliffhanger comes along , insisting on a tone of distinct unease , you 'll be hungry for more .
For a PG-13 movie , it gave me all the intensity of an R-rated one , making me feel like our little kid 's movies are all grow 'd up .
The wide net cast by Games may water down its message and dull the edge a bit , but I was impressed by how much more the movie shares with a film like The Truman Show than with something like Rollerball or The Running Man .
`` The Hunger Games '' is a smart cross between `` The Running Man '' and `` The Truman Show , '' with a little `` Romeo and Juliet '' thrown in for good measure .
The Hunger Games absolutely delivers for its target audience : younger teenagers . To them , it can be highly recommended .
Take away the hullabaloo surrounding the film adaptation of Suzanne Collins ' best-selling young adult book and what you have is an absorbing film with a dire premise that stands pretty much on its own .
The movie is exciting and solid , as intently focused on its goals as its protagonist is on hers .
Maybe ` The Hunger Games ' series will deepen with further adaptations , but the series is off to a pretty pedestrian start .
Not ... a bad film , it 's just that the predictability does lessen some of the impact in this violent teen-aimed franchise-starter .
Surprisingly tolerable .
The Hunger Games is odd , though , in that it wants its outrage at the system while , like the movie 's characters , buying into it .
Not as good as the book , but The Hunger Games has lots to recommend it
This is only the third movie that Gary Ross has ever directed . That is just all sorts of wrong .
Lawrence and the character she plays are excellent . But the movie 's story is told poorly , too slowly and with little momentum
So yes , Lawrence is terrific . The movie itself , unfortunately , is a disappointment .
I have to admit , I rushed home after the movie to find out what happens in the next couple of books -LRB- thank you , internet -RRB- .
At more than two hours , the film takes its time in getting to the action but is all the better for it .
The Hunger Games just about manages to remain within the family enclosure . Little blood is spilt , but seasoned action fiends will not feel themselves overly short-changed .
It 's a science-fiction action-adventure for girls , faithful to its source novel , with a fiery teenage huntress battling to overcome a corrupt , male-dominated system .
Like the select participants of its savage sport , The Hunger Games stands triumphant , if scarred and a bit wobbly from the contest .
I know we 're supposed to tut-tut about levels of cinematic violence , but this seems to me one of the rare occasions when the film needed to be bolder , and nastier .
It features a functioning creative imagination and lots of honest-to-goodness acting by its star , Jennifer Lawrence , who brings her usual toughness and emotional transparency to the archer-heroine Katniss .
Watching The Hunger Games , I was struck both by how slickly Ross hit his marks and how many opportunities he was missing to take the film to the next level -- to make it more shocking , lyrical , crazy , daring .
The Hunger Games is first and foremost an adventure/survival story , and director Ross keeps things moving with nary a moment of downtime .
One could ask for want more of Collins ' story to be in the film : some key characters and social conventions of the new order are ill explained or not explained at all . But there are the books for that .
It 's Judy Blume with more dead children .
Jennifer Lawrence is an actor of subtle command , a gray-eyed beauty who can project star presence simply by being present .
The Hunger Games ' pacing is brisk , its stakes as high as stakes get , and its leading lady engaging enough that the odds - at the box office at least - will be ever in its favor .
The movie is undeniably a rich fantasy adventure , with plenty of narrative wiggle-room for the two books/movies to follow .
Measured against its downright subversive subtext , you have to come away impressed by the level of achievement .
The first book of Suzanne Collins 's prodigiously popular trilogy has been brought to the screen with a Jumbotron sensibility , a shaky camera to emphasize the action and a shakier grip on the subject 's emotional core .
Lawrence , a rock on which to build a franchise , sells all of this beautifully . Her empathy roots the sci-fi extravaganza in an emotional reality that becomes crucial as the games unfold .
In a grim future , kids fight to the death for televised games . Efficient adaptation of the Suzanne Collins bestseller wo n't disappoint fans .
The sheer spectacle , horror and ghoulishness of the scenario holds the attention and the story moves fast as we journey with Katniss from her impoverished mining town to the glittering , futuristic capital city where the contest is staged .
An intelligent , thrill-quenching blend of sci-fi and satire introducing a welcome addition to the woefully small canon of admirable action heroines . Bring on round two !
Well-paced , well-directed and extremely well acted entertainment .
Director Gary Ross ' adaptation , co-scripted by Collins herself , is n't quite as crackingly paced as the novel , but it will more than satisfy existing fans of the trilogy and likely create many new ones .
So terrible it might , with antiquity , become a camp masterpiece .
Has all the imagination and youthful exuberance to become the next franchise to catch fire .
A palatable mix of riveting adventure , high-stakes drama , a compelling heroine , engaging visuals and plenty of flavor from a talented ensemble , The Hunger Games leaves you hungry for the sequel .
Director Muddles Games .
Viewers who like a side order of political allegory with their science fiction will find much to savor here . So will romantics , fans of feminist heroines and action enthusiasts . `` The Hunger Games '' is that rare creation , an event movie of real significance .
I can recommend The Hunger Games with an asterisk . It is an intriguing - and maybe even close to original - story weighed down by a plot that is starving for tension .
While missing a bit of emotional heft , The Hunger Games ends up being an excellent dystopian fable .
It 's rare that a film based on a Young Adult novel is able to juggle so many powerful issues so profoundly .
Where Collins ' book paid careful attention to detail , Ross pays far too little . Characters never become exhausted or desperate or gaunt ; they do n't even get chapped lips or broken nails .
Director Gary Ross generally avoids the elaborate exterior shots and special effects that dominate high-concept blockbusters .
If The Hunger Games on screen does n't exactly catch fire -LRB- as does its hero Katniss Everdeen -RRB- , its savvy pop culture mash-up and the charge of teens in life-and-death peril remain intact .
It 's difficult to picture a more faithful adaptation that still works as a film and does n't push the running time over three hours .
... the first of what is bound to spawn a lucrative franchise .
The Hunger Games is a very enjoyable futurist adventure , presented with a compelling , beady-eyed intensity .
Ross keeps the sci-fi themes vivid and relevant , the camerawork jittery and involving and the action speedy and thrilling .
Lawrence puts in a performance that will rank as one of the best of the year .
` The Most Dangerous Game ' meets ` Dawson 's Creek . '
Without stinting on the action , Ross ' film shows us a sick , brutal society and then introduces us to a few characters who might be ready to start doing something about it .
It 's a streamlined fable with enough zing to keep the franchise flying until the next round .
The Hunger Games completely transcends the teenage genre by presenting a film with a strong emotional core mixed with an epically bad-a ** central character ! I loved this movie !
While it misses the insights from the first-person narrative in the book , the film remains a generally effective adaptation of Collins 's novel .
Again and again Katniss rescues herself with resourcefulness , guts and true aim , a combination that makes her insistently watchable , despite Mr. Ross 's soft touch and Ms. Lawrence 's bland performance .
Ross moves between action and human drama with nimble awareness of the weight of the issues coursing through the story of fascism , propaganda , and , yes , adolescence under the weight of the world .
There are some sappy moments , but overall it 's exciting , with a good story and a credible , charismatic performance by Lawrence that makes the whole thing work .
It 's rare to see a blockbuster with such a sharp political sensibility . And the actors are terrific in complex roles .
Director Gary Ross ' solid adaptation aims to please fans and a mass audience alike , which is a double-edged sword . And a surprisingly blunt , bloodless one .
-LSB- It -RSB- smells very much like a movie with money on its mind - not altogether successfully balancing its loftier ideas with a sense of superficial whimsy and Vegas-meets-Wizard of Oz production design .
It carefully walks a difficult line : How do you tell an essentially violent story without glorifying that violence ?
I 'm already hungry for more .
Efficient if not electric , `` The Hunger Games '' is still epic in intent .
Displaying a sturdy professionalism throughout that stops just short of artistry , director Gary Ross , who co-scripted with Collins and Billy Ray , does his strongest work in the early scenes , which set up the stakes with chilling efficiency .
Pertinent to the times , the year 's first blockbuster is a grand , beautiful film .
The Hunger Games is a smart satire and a tragic thriller , but above all it 's a movie marvel ; particularly in this age when big-budget blockbusters are as vapid as the churned-out faux-reality programming we so cheerfully but thoughtlessly consume .
A clever film that manages to combine Orwellian themes with light adolescent drama and stabby teenagers .
A lot has been lost in the translation , which is a shame because there is the potential there for this intrepid young woman and Jennifer Lawrence has an amazing screen presence .
One of the problems , I think , is that given that the books were aimed at young women , I think the filmmakers have been terrified at making anything too violent .
... a disturbing dose of science-fiction doom .
If , as the ads suggest , the whole world will be watching this , viewers will likely be satisfied with what they see .
It 's rare to take such a distasteful subject matter and make it into a powerhouse film .
As the heroine in this futuristic saga , Jennifer Lawrence will surely attain the rarified status of a Hollywood star who 's a household name .
The overall combination of smart social commentary , compelling narrative , clever yet unobtrusive film style and the integrity to not be what it is critiquing , results in a very impressive film .
Like the book , `` The Hunger Games '' does n't end so much as open the door to the next installment ; it 's frustrating , but you 'll probably feel you 've gotten your money 's worth .
Does the obvious well enough , but except for Lawrence 's stirring turn never goes beyond that ... -LSB- has -RSB- dedication and taste , if not much imagination .
From the décor in the luxurious apartments to the little curls at the end of Wes Bentley 's beard , this is a film with a strong visual footprint .
The Hunger Games expertly toes the PG-13 line , suggesting more than showing , but not shying away from brutality as an integral part of the film 's and novels ' grim message .
The filmmakers owe a lot to their star , Jennifer Lawrence , whose commitment and intensity as Katniss Everdeen carries the film through its many weaknesses , dead spots and cheesy visuals .
Can The Hunger Games , in the movie version directed by Gary Ross , successfully navigate the crossing from page to screen ? Our answer : Eh .
The Hunger Games largely transcends its teen-fiction origins to prove itself more than a money spinner .
Once we 're in the arena , the bones of Collins 's story ensure an enthralling time .
It 's rightly one of the big-ticket cinematic events of the year - do n't miss it .
Led by a superb cast and deftly directed , this is a compelling and thrilling trip , which unsettlingly pulls you into the mix .
This adrenaline-pumping drama of survival is the most exciting and engaging action adventure since Avatar .
An incredibly engaging story , told impeccably , with a moral backbone for good measure .
If the series 's legions of fans miss a detail here or a sub-plot there , they 'll still recognize its bones and sinew , especially in Jennifer Lawrence 's eagle-eyed heroine Katniss Everdeen .
This futuristic tale of teenage violence is so not my kind of movie that I approached it grudgingly , so imagine my surprise when I ended up being totally exhilarated and enjoying it immensely .
The idea of a future society where the state controls the population through lethal games is familiar from films like Rollerball , The Running Man and even Doctor Who , but retooled in the era of Simon Cowell gives it some fresh purpose .
Stunningly designed and superbly written , this is an exciting , enjoyable and intelligent blockbuster with a terrific central performance from Jennifer Lawrence .
-LSB- S -RSB- omehow , some way , the core of what makes -LSB- the -RSB- books such sharp satire and such enthralling adventure was retained ... -LSB- I -RSB- s n't better than or worse than the novel -- it 's the perfect accompaniment to it .
Just as brave and loyal Katniss Everdeen is the heart of the wildly popular series of `` Hunger Games '' novels , Jennifer Lawrence is the heart of this faithful adaptation .
It 's a theme which feels old - think Battle Royale , The Running Man - but Ross delivers it with such commitment and imagination that it feels fresh .
The Hunger Games has epic spectacle , yearning romance , suspense that wo n't quit and a shining star in Jennifer Lawrence .
Ross avoids the hyperbole of gore and mayhem to keep the emotions of what is happening so near the bone it hurts .
A YA adaptation elevated by a talented cast , skilled direction , and a tone and story that feel vibrant and applicable beyond just this single film .
`` The Hunger Games '' may be derivative , but it is engrossing and at times exciting .
Why is the movie like eating the white of a hard boiled egg with no salt , pepper , or any other flavor except `` white ? ''
Ross has successfully dissected and expanded the book and produced something that works as a film -- so long as you 're not too precious about its origins .
The Hunger Games looks poised to usher in a brand new hit franchise and deserves all the credit it gets for its confrontational subject matter and dystopian sensibilities .
Although I was n't always blown away by the film and/or its various elements , for the most part I was engaged by the tale . And much of that is due to the presence of and performance by Jennifer Lawrence . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
Jennifer Lawrence commands the screen in smart , thrilling , dystopian sci-fi adventure .
Should please fans , but leave them wondering what an alternate version might have looked like that was n't afraid to get its hands dirty .
Courage and sacrifice are the themes of this futuristic thriller , fantasy and video game that are mashed up into one hell of a tasty package . . . exciting , edgy and unpredictable and leaves its audience well satisfied as it waits for the next instalment
While The Hunger Games stops shy of truly transgressive sci-fi , it succeeds as mildly thought-provoking entertainment that presses all the right buttons on its way to box office supremacy .
`` The Hunger Games '' never really holds together or makes any sense , except as an elementary fairy tale about a young girl 's coming of age and an incipient romantic triangle -LRB- which is the focus of the film , far more than the book -RRB- .
It 's a promising pilot for a franchise with potential to be something more than mere entertainment .
Ross delivers the dystopian excitement in high style , mixing naturalistic action with retro-futuristic production design that is sure to draw Oscar honors .
ADD auds wo n't mind that there 's no time to get to know anybody , or watch a relationship unfold , or ride the dramatic rise and swell of a compelling narrative .
Like the pacing of the novel , the film , even at almost two and a half hours , moves briskly , continuously drawing us in .
This is a movie about an independent-minded girl who just is n't sure she can trust a boy , as true to the spirit of the Shirelles as it is to Greek myth .
Lawrence , who came to notice in the art house hit ` Winter 's Bone , ' is sensational as Katniss , ably carrying the weight of the film on her shoulders .
The Hunger Games is an effective entertainment , and Jennifer Lawrence is strong and convincing in the central role .
Lawrence was nominated for an Oscar as a backwoods girl in the independent film `` Winter 's Bone , '' and she gives this character a similar feral quality . This is a movie about killing .
Derivative and overlong for sure , The Hunger Games still has just enough bite for teens likely to find Battle Royale a little too unwieldy .
Fans will be delighted . Non-fans should give this movie a chance .
Forced to finally show us what Collins mostly left to our imaginations , it often falters .
Was it wrong to expect something more from `` The Hunger Games '' other than pajama-party fodder ?
Ross offers something in his film adaptation of the novel that Collins , writing with Katniss 's voice , never could : the experience of watching the Hunger Games , rather than being a contestant in them .
The Hunger Games ' strength is not its social critique - rather , it 's an exhilarating sense of a character learning to control her own destiny .
Whatever The Hunger Games lacks in originality , it makes up for with verve and relentless forward motion .
-LSB- Lawrence 's -RSB- performance and the lead character almost make up for watching a 12-year old girl take a spear through the heart and die . But not quite .
The games have begun , and so far they 're pretty gripping .
The Hunger Games is largely a triumph of smart , brave , timely , heady science fiction that recalls the 60s and 70s era of big idea scifi .
Overall , a solid and sometimes spectacular effort that promises even better things to come .
The Hunger Games has a rich sense of history that bobs on the surface of its culture of grim amusement .
The futuristic film is just as gripping and moving as the best-seller on which it 's based .
Even if you know nothing of Panem , mockingjays and Katniss Everdeen -LRB- silly names , ahoy -RRB- , skip this darkly suggestive first chapter of a soon-to-be-major sci-fi franchise at your own risk .
Intense adaptation is violent , thought-provoking for teens .
Fatally emasculated by the need to appease young fans . The premise alone carries it so far , but cinematically speaking , it 's a non-event .
... turns out to be a pleasing mix of throwback sci-fi and modern cultural critique .
This Hunger Games is a muscular , honorable , unflinching translation of Collins ' vision . It 's brutal where it needs to be , particularly when children fight and bleed .
A gut-wrenching , mature , young adult fiction adaptation , diffused by occasional meandering , but with enough unexpected choices to keep audiences on their toes .
Lawrence is a tremendous talent , and she is what makes `` The Hunger Games '' ultimately worth spending time with . She does n't elevate the film to the heights to which one might have wanted , but she takes it a lot higher than it would have otherwise risen .
An often riveting , occasionally underwhelming chronicle of a competition forcing teenagers to kill each other , and the brave resilience of the world 's best big sister .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Everything about `` The Hunger Games '' is a rehash . If not for Jennifer Lawrence 's ever-commanding performance , there would be no redeeming value for a movie that goes on two-and-a-half hours too long .
More than just a Battle Royale with cheese ...
Leaner than Harry Potter 's adventures , meaner than the Twilight saga , The Hunger Games lives up to its source if not entirely the hype .
As tough-spirited as fans would hope for - and exciting and thought-provoking in a way few adventure dramas ever are .
Solid sci-fi drama filled with a mature resonance about the inhumanity of classism , the corruptive nature of exploitative violence and the audacity of hope in a world which tries to rob the last remnants of spirit from a deprived people
It is a work of art on multiple levels with fantastic technical elements and some of the best performances in a work of science fiction in years .
Highly entertaining material with the power to tap into your deepest sentiments . Do we have the next big film franchise here ? Undoubtedly . And , best of all , it deserves it .
I think it manages to walk that tightrope between faithful-for-the-fans and mainstream-for-the-new-blood as well as could be expected .
Twilight this is not , and Jennifer Lawrence 's Katniss Everdeen ai n't Bella lusting after Edward . Instead , you would imagine the flinty Katniss driving a stake through Edward 's pale , sentimental ass .
The Hunger Games is more notable for the holes it does n't fall into than the great heights it reaches .
-LSB- It -RSB- arrives in theatres ... not only intact , but in command of the essentials of storytelling and characterization . The film deserves the massive success it will surely enjoy .
A film that transforms a popular work of teen fiction not just by faithfully exploring its themes but , more important , by proving those themes have a very grown-up resonance .
`` The Hunger Games '' runs nearly two and a half hours in length but is the rare film that never drags and does n't overstay its welcome . It could keep running as long as Katniss does , and we 'd want to be right there every heart-pounding step of the way .
Gary Ross has generally done a decent job , although you 'll certainly get more out of the movie if you 've read the book and can fill in the blanks .
The Hunger Games paints a vivid picture of stark contrast -- poverty and wealth , oppression and freedom , fear and hope . It 's these opposing forces that make Collins 's world such a tantalising one .
THE HUNGER GAMES is an exciting and sometimes intuitive take on class wars and the struggle for survival .
Both fans of the books and those brand new to the story of Katniss Everdeen will find The Hunger Games compelling . With the first film proving the series is in good hands , I 'm excited to see the next chapters play out onscreen .
Ross and crew succeed in converting Collins ' best-selling text to the screen , and fans should reward their efforts . When it comes to The Hunger Games , the odds are ever in this film 's favor .
Great idea to cast Jennifer Lawrence in the lead and involve Collins as co-scribe : Ross has made a timely , thematically provocative , emotionally engaging tale -- as of today , 2012 's most intriguing American film .
A thrilling , intelligent , deeply-felt movie that does not play by the typical rules of franchise building in modern Hollywood .
As thrilling and smart as it is terrifying . There have been a number of big-gun literary series brought to screen over the past decade . This slays them all .
Rarely does a blockbuster live up to its overheated hype , but The Hunger Games proved to be an exception . Lawrence and this franchise will go far .
As action , as allegory , as cinema , The Hunger Games is the best American science-fiction film since The Matrix .
the first film in a long time that deserves Hollywood 's instant-franchise ambitions because it appeals to genre fans regardless of gender by crafting a story that 's both epic and intimate , spectacular and subtle .
The Hunger Games is that rarest of beasts : a Hollywood action blockbuster that is smart , taut and knotty .
Overall , this is a solid take on the material , but it could have done with a little less narrative incident and a little more cinematic sparkle .
Ross has done more than churn out a faithful adaptation of the book . His vision of the world of The Hunger Games is bigger , scarier , darker , and more political than the books ever dared to be .
What viewers are left with is a watchable enough picture that feels content to realize someone else 's vision rather than claim it as its own .
The Hunger Games certainly does n't lack for ambition , and although it 's mostly successful , one ca n't help wishing the film could have better integrated its different tones and agendas .
Like its source , this is both credible science fiction and a teen tale that does n't patronise or pander to its audience .
Hunger Games has such a strong narrative structure , built-in forward movement and compelling central character that it ca n't go far wrong .
Despite its well-worn ideas and themes , Gary Ross 's provocative , pulse-surgingly tense adaptation could n't feel fresher , or timelier .

@highlight

Thrilling and superbly acted , The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence , raw emotion , and ambitious scope of its source novel .