If you 're a die hard Jason fan like myself , check out the movie with popcorn and a group of friends . If not , sit this one out .
I 'd say they did a solid enough job of resurrecting a simple scary tale for a new generation .
Worth noting : The title card of Friday The 13th does n't show up until about 45 minutes into the film , which , all told , has to be a record .
Five nauseating 20-somethings head out to Camp Crystal Lake to guzzle Pabst Blue Ribbon and have loud tent sex , but Jason roasts one of them like a weenie and says howdy to everyone else with his trusty machete . And that 's just the intro !
Friday The 13th is essentially critic-proof - it 's been cynically designed from the ground up as a fun but forgettable slasher flick with a one-week expiry date .
Friday the 13th is n't great cinema by any means , and you probably know better than I whether you 'll enjoy the movie .
Useless remake
Unfortunately , no matter how clever-clever the all-new screenplay might -LRB- occasionally -RRB- be at acknowledging the faults of the original , this does not make them magically go away .
It 's a case of ` he 's behind you ! ' repeated ad nauseum , where sudden bursts of sound stand in for real scares .
The first Friday the 13th is not a masterwork by any stretch of the imagination , but it has one crucial thing the 2009 edition lacks completely : the element of surprise .
A boring retread that downgrades one of our great masked men to being a hillbilly with mommy issues and no sense for decorating . And if I wanted that , I 'd rent Nell .
Be assured that the acting is passable , the effects are impressively convincing , and the suspense is real . It 's not a great film , but it is a frightening one , and what more do you need to know ?
Friday the 13th Part 12 will not sell at the box office , so they toss the word ` remake ' out there to dupe its audience into another installment of this crappy horror flick .
An old lady 's dog produces the biggest scare in the film .
... Made with more care and keeps a much firmer grip on reality than most of the sequels churned out throughout the '80s .
me aksiozileyti matia kai tehniki artiotita , mia splateria poy den trabaei tis tromompoynies tis ki ehei ton Jason tis na deihnei ap ' to dekalepto kiolas , ti zohada poy eheis na perimeneis
A key revelation halfway through the movie lumps Jason into a long , tired tradition of deformed backwoods boys whose motivations weather down to a scorned sense of isolation .
The year is young and we already have a contender for worst film .
This Friday the 13th commits the worst sin a horror movie can be guilty of - it was boring .
Somewhere around the middle , Nispel ca n't raise the bar any higher . His brutal set pieces become predictable , his interesting character sketches reveal their limitations , and the film runs out of fuel .
It 's almost pantomime in its `` He 's behind you ! '' stupidity , but for all its goofiness , there 's still an all-encompassing enjoyment in watching a bunch of reckless , hedonistic morons being axed to death .
Thinly disguised as a movie , Friday the 13th is a series of overused genre conventions glued together by the flimsiest of stories
Chewie knows his place in this determinedly un-new Friday the 13th : Asian Nerd About to Die .
Call this go-round `` Friday the Umpteenth '' and be done with it .
Not exactly good , as it follows the archetypal , plot - and character-free old school '80s slasher rubric to the letter .
Same old killer , same old garbage .
As movies about killing sprees go , Friday the 13th is OK .
Though certainly not Wajda 's strongest film , Katyn is perhaps his most affecting since his 1970s to '80s heyday
This is a desperately anodyne horror movie with all the flavour of soggy lettuce .
One thing this latest rehash - No 11 , by my count - does achieve , is make the original look like a frickin ' masterpiece .
Unlucky for almost everyone . It 's a sad day when a Friday the 13th remake is shown up by a My Bloody Valentine remake - could n't they at least have sprung for 3-D ?
This `` reimagining '' , by the director Marcus Nispel , of the 1980 slasher movie is one hell of a bore .
The film , an endless succession of strippings , slashings and skewerings , looks as if the production team had learnt their art doing work experience under the influence of drugs at an abattoir next door to a nudist camp .
Such is the one-dimensional nature of the slabs of meat masquerading as characters that it 's hard to care for their fates , and a painfully contrived romantic intrigue between two of them hardly helps the cause .
One for horror fans that everyone else can happily avoid .
The acting is always good , but when it 's not , you can always expect that character to flash her boobs , so who 's complaining ?
Somewhere inside Jason Voorhees ' latest escapade is a hilarious comedy yearning to break free from the stifling clutches of its over-serious guardians .
More of the same doled out in such a way that it somehow feels like less of the same .
Como parte de uma série descerebrada cuja maior virtude é exibir os seios gigantescos de suas atrizes e mortes sangrentas provocadas por todo tipo de instrumento , o filme é até razoável . Como terror que deveria provocar tensão ou sustos , nem tanto .
Blood , gore and not much more
The fact that Travis Van Winkle 's smarmy rich kid is a dead ringer for Michael Bay has got to be some sort of inside joke , right ?
I got extremely bored .
We 've seen it all before .
You really have to screw it up to dishonor the memory of a movie as s **** y as the original Friday the 13th . Heads should roll .
Entertained me by giving me the Jason I know and love ...
... incites prickly gasps and roller coaster laughs .
Though it seems no more or less effective than what 's come before when it comes to generating moments that make people jump in their theater seats , -LSB- it -RSB- becomes harder to take pleasure in due to its callousness .
A knockoff of a knockoff , with fresh young stars to take the movie money out of the pockets of fresh young moviegoers .
Noisy neighbor revenge , a robotic kill for mom masked maniac chopaholic wielding sharp implements , and horny cookie cutter party animal bare breasted babes and boozers who frolic through these ho hum sex 'n slaughter pathological proceedings .
Sometimes you just want a pizza . But what if you 're served a pizza with no cheese and half the slices gone ? This Friday the 13th fails at being even fun trash .
Angry , grisly , gory - and totally predictable in the creepy slaughter genre .
a new version of incredibly stale material , with a modern shine , a little more gore , and pretty much nothing else
Argh ! No ! After successful remakes with Halloween and even My Bloody Valentine , why would you reboot Friday the 13th with a non Jason-centric story ? Fools !
There is absolutely no % u2014dare I say % u2014creativity here . It 's so boring and so badly done that you do n't even see the first guy die .
The big flaw is , the fun , creative killings -LRB- yes , that 's possible -RRB- happen in the very strong beginning . After that we are left with someone wandering off , Jason killing , blood , and repeat .
There have been worse Jason films , if that 's any consolation .
Only just about as good as it absolutely has to be . Which is admittedly better than most of the densest sequels in the original run of films could claim .
Slasher movies are not my cup of tea . At the same time , honesty requires me to acknowledge that Friday the 13th is a really well-made and effective example of something that I do n't like .
it is striking at its slasher roots , delivering exactly what the world has come to expect from a Friday the 13th film
The same dumb character decisions stick around to facilitate the murder .
There will be blood and there will be boobs ... so yes , for better and mostly worse , this is the same old Friday .
In addition to being awesome , it all just feels kind of celebratory , even reverent , like a tribute to what teen slasher films are all about .
Bland and uninspired .
Did anyone expect anything but generic slasher thrills from a Friday the 13th reboot ?
This film is so last-century .
The series reboot is much the same , but it 's easily the most effective -- and scary -- entrant in the franchise .
It 's been done to death . And brought back to life . And redone to death .
Friday the 13th has a sexy cast , lots of blood 'n guts and nudity , but lacks the palpable thrills and chills of the original .
It 's business as usual at Camp Crystal Lake , with very little in the way of fresh jolts or an innovative visual style that would have really revitalized the hokey franchise .
The formula goes like this : Teens + sex = gruesome death at the hands of a loony in a hockey mask .
Quibbles aside , Jason Voorhees has become almost a modern-day Dracula or Frankenstein 's monster -- a figurehead of horror , despite some of his regrettable screen incarnations . It 's refreshing to see a movie take him seriously again .
For all its attempted jolts , it 's not all that scary . The genre is reduced to ` Who gets it next and how ? ' and never for a second makes us care .
The original handful of Friday films had a certain low-rent elegance about them , and this slickly done , dimly lighted , whiplash-edited update loses that too .
The story has been pulled from its shallow grave , but not at all reinvigorated . Rather , it 's been dusted off and repackaged for the sole purpose of raking in millions from foolish audiences .
Soul-deadening homage , thy name is Jason .
Not to second-guess our law-enforcement authorities but ... is the Crystal Lake PD really doing such a good job ?
Go rent the one where Jason takes Manhattan , or something .
Hopefully , there 's something in President Obama 's stimulus package that will help the ailing slasher-movie industry .
Muscular but pretty unimaginative .
Nispel 's Friday is terrific looking , capably acted and it has a sense of humor , three things that separate it from the original .
Faithfully adhering to the precepts of the slasher flick , it might even seem honourable if it were n't so disreputable .
While the latest installment feels more like a really dark and vicious sequel , it is still a welcome return for America 's favorite hockey mask donning slasher killer .
The undying Friday the 13th franchise gets a surprisingly decent reboot in this stylish , playful example of the decapitated hottie genre .
The franchise needed this . A 21st century FRIDAY THE 13th with the best Jason ever .
The scariest thing in the movie is the threat of yet another sequel at the end .
After drowning in so many putridly awful Saw sequels -LRB- and they 're imitators -RRB- it 's actually kind of nice to watch a horror movie that 's more concerned with the slicing and dicing than it is with the torture and the pain .
Horror remake is n't for anyone , let alone teens .
... a technically superior and artistically credible slasher movie that 's destined to be a genre benchmark % u2014on any day of the week .
An SUV of dramatically varied teens -LRB- sluts , nerdy sluts , one black guy , other sluts -RRB- visit Camp Crystal Lake . Pot is smoked . Sex is had by all . Also , topless water skiing .
Friday the 13th makes no secret about its purpose , and there 's no use pretending it should be anything else .
Like its 11 predecessors , it 's a primal experience , all sex and jolts and violence and blood , and forget any kind of connecting thread .
Nispel , Shannon and Swift had all the tools at their disposal to create death scenes that are both unique and shocking , but there is really only one slaying that is remotely notable , and that involves a topless woman hiding underneath a boat pier .
The ` Friday ' movies are about the fear of death -- especially violent , untimely death , the type that is most scary to the teenagers who flock to the films . Jason is the car that runs a red light and kills a kid on the way to the prom ...
Maybe I am just desensitized , but this movie should have been a lot scarier , a lot more brutal and not the same old slasher movie we have seen a billion times .
Parental Content Review
If you really want to see this movie just go home and rent Friday the 13th parts 1-3 and if you want to see the best film in the series rent part 6 .
As far as re-imaginings go , this was a good relaunch . Fans of the series wo n't be disappointed , if you do n't like horror or Jason then this movie is n't for you . It knows it 's audience and plays to it .
Less like a remake than just another tired sequel , the new film puts Jason through the same old moves with all the finese of a blind choreographer directing an arthritic dancer .
This ` Friday ' is simply a pointless exercise beyond paying off Michael Bay 's seventh mortgage
There is n't much of a plot to speak of unless `` blade wielding psychopath slaughters one teenager after another '' counts as a plot synopsis .
To say the new film is better shot and cut than those barebones gorefests of the Reagan era is to say nothing much , as even series fans would agree .
This film is -LRB- be -RRB- head and shoulders above the recently reanimated likes of Prom Night and My Bloody Valentine .
Unlucky for one and all . This dismal horror franchise-remake returns us to Camp Crystal Lake .
He runs , he stumbles ... Jason 's newest beginning is satisfyingly sick but far too slick , Nispel jettisoning grubby , home-movie visuals - and with them all tension - in favour of really lustrous leaves . Disappointing .
There 's no need to look beyond Friday The 13th as the year 's most rancid remake .
The return of mask-wearing maniac Jason contains zero imagination .
This remake of the `` classic '' Eighties slasher serves only to highlight its timeless banality .
Suspense-free , humour-free , flavour-free yet scarily consumable cinema wherein a cheap-meat cast are skewered with the same dispiriting efficiency as a platter of cold tofu canapés .
The remake of Friday the 13th makes the remake of Halloween look like the remake of Psycho .
I have no idea what appeal anyone can find in this tired formula , especially when it 's used so poorly here , 13 years after Scream parodied it so brilliantly .
Nothing says Valentine 's Day like a machete wielding , hockey mask wearing psycho killer ! Go for the laughs , not for the shocks or the screams .
A miserable failure that maintains no attempt to reimagine the villain , the cliches , or the bloody kills and it becomes a depressing experience that offers zero enjoyment and even less fright .
This fresh take on the original Friday the 13th actually works .
Another slasher flick that will ultimately be as influential or memorable as the mediocre sequels that followed one of the most influential horror movies of all time .
As impossible as such a thing would seem to be , this new version of `` Friday the 13th '' -- whether you call it a remake , a reimagining , a reboot or a continuation is a flat-out atrocity that does n't even clear the absurdly low bar set by the lesser sequels .
This Friday the 13th is glossy , good-looking garbage , acted out by a cast of big-chested androids -LRB- male and female alike -RRB- and with the original series ' rough edges smooved over .
While the original Friday the 13th was goofy fun , it was certainly no classic . This remake is .
This is awfully tired stuff , right down to the last-minute gotcha . But at least Friday the 13th is n't Saw VI .
True to form , the folks at Platinum Dunes have once again worked their signature brand of ultra-stylish , faux-gritty mediocrity , thus stripping Friday the 13th of its low-budget charm .
Friday 's jolting scare tactics barely make a dent .
It is a shame the material lets -LSB- the cast -RSB- -- and the audience -- down at the very end .
Everyone 's working with a much bigger budget this time , but the end result is just as stupid and not as scary as the original .
Friday the 13th may be the only film I can think of that could roll the credits after the first twenty minutes and have most people leave happy .
A critic could argue that this movie is nothing but an excuse for gratuitous violence and nudity . Said critic would be entirely correct , and completely missing the point .
This new Friday the 13th is infinitely better than Jason X or Freddy vs. Jason , but it 's still schlock .
As Jason sequels go , this is one of the best , though that 's not saying much .
Even by slasher standards , the bar for a satisfying Friday the 13th entry is unabashedly low : Take teens , kill .
The major selling point is , as ever , the creativity and gruesomeness of the idiot teenagers ' deaths .
It 's The Hills , Bromance , The Real World , and Rock of Love with a body count .
To acquire a new generation of fans , it should be either horrifying or hilarious , and this Friday the 13th is ultimately neither .
The movie knows it 's a slasher flick made solely for commerce , it knows we know what it is , and yet it insists on feigning the song and dance .
It takes more than a machete and hockey mask to remake a classic like Friday the 13th .
It 's almost charming in its sheer lack of ambition , but the lack of creativity in its by-the-numbers shocks is harder to excuse .
Surprisingly , the first twenty-five minutes of 2009 's `` Friday the 13th '' features five new interesting campers in a pretty classic predicament given tweaky twists . Then the title credit comes up .
Most of the space between sex scenes and bloody murders is padded , condescendingly , with 110-decibel phony shock effects .
It 's not a spoiler to reveal that the film ends in a sequel-friendly manner . So I guess it 's a testament to this new Friday the 13th that I did n't leave the theater dreading such a prospect .
Despite an evident appetite for mayhem , however , Bay is not the right guy to produce slasher movies . Horror requires intimacy .
It 's made by the folks at Platinum Dunes , the Michael Bay outfit that takes defunct horror brands and turns them into Michael Bay movies -- which is to say slick , soulless entertainment .
What , you were expecting some kind of artistic masterpiece ? The Friday the 13th remake is an unapologetically brutal and boneheaded slasher picture . It 's also an effective revival of a dormant franchise .
The problem with this remake is that it 's a remake in the first place .
Remaking Friday is not exactly dabbing a mustache on the Mona Lisa , and if embraced on a lowered scale of expectation and artistic requirement , this new spin on an iffy `` classic '' feels pretty nifty in miniature doses .
For one ticket price , you get three shoddy Friday the 13th movies packed into one , which might constitute entertainment value if any one of them constituted entertainment .
Friday the 13th is about the best Friday the 13th movie you could hope for . Its technical credits are excellent . It has a lot of scary and gruesome killings . Not a whole lot of acting is required . If that 's what you want to find out , you can stop reading .
F13 does n't have that goofy , making-it-up-as-we-go-along , halfway apologetic feel of the original batch . Even though there are the obligatory bong hits , tits and half-wits , this Friday feels the most mature of any in the series .
This is dull , unimaginative stuff .
Bloody awful ... is n't really either a remake or a re-imagining ; it 's just another crappy sequel in a long line of them .
Among exceedingly stiff competition , this may well be the worst Friday ever . Hear that squelching noise ? It 's little Jason spinning in his watery grave .
This is less a reimagining than a reanimation of the long dead corpse of an idea .
It 's good , at best , for a drunken DVD night , with a script that 's amazingly witless when it is n't lazy , and a climax that criminally wastes the gory possibilities of a large shredding machine .
This suspense vacuum has all the momentum of a Jason victim post-filleting .
Technically rather better than its predecessors , to whose storyline it refers , but the moral thrust remains the same .
The beast of high-budget horror can be vanquished only if we starve it of cash . Stay out of the cinemas , my friends , and Jason and his kind will finally be able to rest in peace .
Entertaining slasher remake that 's well acted and delivers the requisite amount of gruesome deaths , but it 's nowhere near as scary as the original .
Completely misses the point of what worked ... a relatively unsatisfying rehash of what 's come before while barely moving the franchise past the overused cliches .
Nispel 's problem is that we have seen it all before - Jason 's butcherings are well set up , yet films like those in the Saw series have hardened our tums .
Proudly wears its genre formula on its sleeve , and really , who could ask for anything more ? Walking into a Friday the 13th movie , one should know what to expect . On those grounds , the film delivers .
Jason Voorhees is resurrected once again , this time as a cranky and violent marijuana farmer .
Remake , reboot , re-envisioning -- whatever you call it , it amounts to the same thing : a cynical money grab .
The acting is . . well , let 's just say there are n't any budding Kevin Bacons in this Friday the 13th .
While there is plenty of gore and gratuitous sex , the movie acknowledges the ridiculousness of it all , trusting that the audience -- one hopes -- is in on the joke .
The new film does a fine job of capturing the terror of the original while distancing itself just enough to stand alone .
A classic is a classic and attempts to remake are usually ridiculed . This is no exception .








@highlight

Though technically well-constructed , Friday the 13th is a series rehash that features little to distinguish it from its predecessors .