It uses its strengths to keep you guessing , but it also ensures emotive heft . The movie could have easily been unbalanced , but instead it 's uniquely engaging .
Strip away the head-trauma hero , and you 're left with a white-trash heist film .
A professional script professionally shot , rather than a personal story burning to be told
Frank has cooked up an interesting moral dilemma for a character ill-equipped to deal with one . Chris has made one big mistake . Is he up for another ?
First-time director Scott Frank , who penned Out of Sight and Minority Report , shapes some sharp noirish notes .
The best young actor in movies today may well be Joseph Gordon-Levitt .
The vast majority of his veteran contemporaries should be so lucky as to have their best dramas be as engrossing as Frank 's first .
Lookout for this one and grab it .
Maybe in 10 more years we 'll be saying how weird it is that Gordon-Levitt used to play all those parts requiring him to crouch in corners taking other people 's abuse . We should cross our fingers and put in a request for romantic comedy now .
Most noirs are coming of age stories where an innocent learns how vicious and cruel the world can be . Only he usually learns it while a hunk of hot lead burns in his gut .
Strong performances fill this terrific crime drama .
epibebaionei tin ypopsia poy eihes ligo meta tin arhi , oti tha parabei ton basiko kanona poy tosin ora soy promotare : den mporeis na peis mia istoria , an den ksereis poy thes na tin pas
A perfect little movie about flawed characters .
Solid , if somewhat derivative filmmaking . A quiet thriller with some great performances .
The straightforward routine story has plot holes you can drive a tractor through and a screenplay that 's too clean for the messy story it 's spinning .
Certain scenes feel too glib and stagey , as though they 've been doused with pop video gloss - particularly the snow , which surely had its own assistant , make-up artist and trailer .
Engaging , smartly directed thriller with fantastic performances from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Jeff Daniels , though the script commits a couple of glaring errors along the way .
The Lookout is a well made psychological thriller which only disappoints with its ending .
Full of memorable dialogue and sharp performances , it 's let down only by its perfunctory climax .
It 's a pity Frank is too busy laying on the wintry atmospherics to make the story grip as it should .
A cracking armed-robbery thriller .
Imagine going to see a film which you wo n't remember by the time you are at the bar for a post cinema pint - that is The Lookout .
The film describes emotional and moral rehabilitation in the face of extreme danger .
The Lookout drags itself into four star territory thanks to the startling turn from Gordon-Levitt - a name to , ahem , look out for .
An ingenious heist drama that views its familiar noir elements from an unexpected angle .
Retooling Memento with a hip young cast , Frank 's debut feature steeps its familiar elements in graveyard humour and indie cool . Plot quibbles aside , the result both grips and moves ; it 'll be your lookout if you miss it ...
Forgettable fun .
It 's a refreshing departure from formula and a thriller you wo n't easily forget .
Plot holes and a mixed tone lessen the impact but Gordon-Levitt holds it together with a strong lead performance .
The idea is intriguing , and the performances excellent , although lead Gordon-Levitt -LRB- Brick -RRB- is for once outshone by his co-stars .
Nowadays it is actually refreshing to get a crime thriller that does n't try to be Pulp Fiction ...
Refreshingly stripped-down .
Frank does n't just set up clichés , he breaks them in two and spits in our face for buying into them ...
Until it shifts into a thriller , this film is a provocatively involving drama
A satisfying movie , even if it does n't all quite come together -- the heist-related portions feel almost perfunctory in a movie about a character who 's anything but .
The credibility of its characters helps get through some rather large plausibility issues , succeeding both as a thriller and as a story of redemption and self-forgiveness .
... benefits substantially from Gordon-Levitt 's absolutely stunning performance ...
... a small-town noir that is more gripping for its subtlety than for its action .
My interest waxed and waned . The set up for the film seemed to take eons . Frank overstuffed the script with exposition , multiple subplots and some seemingly unnecessary sequences . Just as I was ready to dismiss the movie , he switched gears .
One thing 's for sure , Mr. Gordon-Levitt has a fine career ahead of him . That 's something to lookout for .
The Lookout makes it a solid and entertaining throwback to the crime thrillers of yesteryear .
Frank relies on spare atmosphere and robust performances to keep The Lookout intriguing .
Still feels like a freshman effort , even if the freshman is an A student
Here 's a heist movie you can bank on .
One of the most enjoyable films of the year to date , Scott Frank 's The Lookout has all the good points and none of the bad of a screenwriter-turned-director labor of love .
This unlikely heist movie is really another showcase for rising star Joseph Gordon-Levitt .
A dramatic thriller stripped of the modern trappings that detract from other films like it .
A character-driven crime thriller ... The Lookout is definitely worth a look .
In an Oscar worthy performance , Gordon-Levitt makes his character a completely believable and genuine one who earns our sympathy without any guile or artifice .
-LSB- Gordon-Levitt 's -RSB- performance is flawless in a film that is mildly flawed , a film whose twists and turns really do n't amount to more than slight bends in the road .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt is shaping up to be the real deal .
One of the few truly intelligent movies to have hit screens in 2007 thus far .
What makes The Lookout such a surprise - and such a joy - is that it runs wild across multiple genres .
Thanks to an able cast and freshman director Scott Frank 's expert storytelling , ` The Lookout ' is one of those rare thrillers that offers believable jolts and never talks down to its audience .
A satisfying thriller that shows the handicapped as people who can survive in a non-handicapped world ... terrific performances by Gordon-Levitt and Matthew Goode .
First-time director Scott Frank blends nail-biting action with heartbreaking human insight in ` The Lookout . '
Scott Frank tips his hat to the noir genre and then , like all great genre storytellers , transcends it .
The Lookout is a little difficult to classify , as it is an exciting thriller that involves an elaborate bank heist , but it is also a mesmerizing character drama piece that draws us in with interesting , complex characters .
A combination ` Memento ' - like tale of a brain-damanged young man and taut , suspenseful bank-heist actioner .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt makes Chris ' erratic efforts to look at himself honestly seem quite complicated , a series of steps both typical and original .
As a director , Frank may occasionally tip his hand too far , but he knows how to create sinister tension ...
You 've got to acknowledge Memento though ... Perhaps this is more accurate about a real condition and its symptoms but it 's still a mystery about unreliable memories , only here the protagonist uses them for good and not evil .
as good as Frank 's script is . . it 's Gordon-Levitt who takes a tautly plotted noir and elevates it with a perceptive and intelligent performance into a classic
The Lookout has its share of dramatic trickery and often strays into the gimmick boundaries . Nevertheless , Frank 's nifty narrative is keenly smart , perceptive and edgy .
This is a taut , well-crafted film , with which even thought there 's some gratuitous foreshadowing , keeps the views in suspense the entire time .
Not nearly as much of a mind-bender as Memento , yet The Lookout is , nonetheless , a praiseworthy homage to that inscrutable brain teaser .
With Gordon-Levitt 's eerily self-possessed , pitiful but never bathetic dupe as our conduit , the heist tropes take over without letting you to slip into plot auto-pilot .
The Lookout 's thriller elements could stand to be more surprising , but they 're ultimately in service of a better understanding of the characters . Usually , it 's the other way around .
There 's nothing here you have n't seen before , and even the pleasant hum of a well-tuned engine begins to drone a little .
In a season ruled by lowbrow comedies and dull action flicks , it 's nice to see a film come along that displays even the smallest hint of intelligence
A skillful and compelling character study under the guise of a heist movie .
engaging , tightly scripted drama ... generates considerable suspense as Chris ' situation becomes more and more uneasy .
I think what I like most about The Lookout is that it arrives as a single vision from conception to what we see on screen .
A straight-ahead drama , perfectly accessible though psychologically intricate , coupled shrewdly to a crime thriller .
The movie is sometimes deliberately paced , then intensifies at unlikely moments , artfully blending pulse-stopping , nerve-jangling suspense with sharp dialogue and nuanced portrayals .
A smart , engrossing thriller in which you care as much about the characters as the crime .
This is Scott Frank 's first feature as a director , and it speaks of more good things to come .
Gordon-Levitt finds something heartbreaking behind Chris ' blankness ; you can almost watch , on his face , memory quietly draining away . Quietly flavored with sad resignation , it 's a performance that 's remarkable for what is n't there .
Although filmmaker Scott Frank is unable to sustain the initial intensity , he does a credible job of not signaling where the story is heading and ramps up excitement with a number of unexpected twists and turns .
Tends to bubble along as a plot-boiler . Chris ' guilty fantasy about the past girlfriend , just as he works up nerve for some major action , is the kind of twist that one studies screenwriting to learn and then surpass .
Filmmaker Scott Frank develops characters and layers detail so well that his absorbing , well-acted crime thriller The Lookout sometimes does n't seem like a crime thriller at all . It plays more as a study of a young man coping with life .
An original , intriguing thriller with two excellent performances by a pair of the best young actors working today
Marks the impressive directorial debut of writer Scott Frank , who grabs hold of viewers as we follow along on the planning and execution of the bank robbery , inspiring an interest in Chris , as he struggles with the rights and wrongs of it all .
The Lookout may not be as startling or controversial , but it 's a memorable and stirring effort .
A fine , slow-building affair .
We know what 's coming , -LSB- writer-director -RSB- Frank knows we know . His challenge is to make us care regardless . I confess that I did n't .
If you enjoyed any of -LSB- writer-director Scott -RSB- Frank 's previous work , or thought Brick was the bomb , you 'll love this .
-LSB- Writer-director Scott -RSB- Frank is n't afraid to kill off one sympathetic character , or have another simply disappear . And unlike other writers-turned-directors , he 's not afraid of his own camera , either .
Instead of a funny heist flick or a comedy with thrills , -LSB- writer Scott Frank -RSB- sketches out a gentle sine wave of a movie . It oscillates from not very funny to not very thrilling without ever being in a hurry to get where it 's going .
Though The Lookout is eventually a genre film , with a tense , bang-up ending , it is also a thoughtful study of a young man trying to make sense of a world that he is having to learn all over again .
The Lookout is without the noose-tightening suspense or moral complexities of similarly themed thrillers . And the rare bits of business or color are too familiar and derivative to be diverting , and point to a conclusion that is ultimately the same .
Credit for the moody and brilliantly inventive caper `` The Lookout '' goes to director Scott Frank for his sober and edgy script and Joseph Gordon-Levitt for his compelling and star-turning performance
Debuting director and award winning writer Scott Frank unlocks the combination for a highly suspenseful and terrific entertainment .
The reason why -LSB- The Lookout -RSB- took so long to get produced is readily apparent : The people in this movie may be entertaining , morally complicated , even fascinating -- but persuasive they just are n't .
What makes The Lookout really memorable is Gordon-Levitt 's nuanced portrayal of Chris .
As much a moving , mesmerizing exploration of loss and unrequited yearning as it is a nerve-rattling crime yarn .
An entertaining heist flick with some real emotional heft at its center and a series of plot curves that mix the unique and familiar . The Lookout is a must-see .
A smart , tense small-town film noir that manages to be suspenseful and poignant .
The film really hinges on the friendship between Chris and Lewis , which adds a needed emotional component . It 's the convincing onscreen relationship between Gordon-Levitt and Daniels that makes the film work .
Scott 's script feels as economical and focused as an entry in Chris ' diary , and it provides the framework for a thriller that , for the most part , has been hard-boiled to near perfection .
A solid debut . -LSB- Writer-director Scott -RSB- Frank never overpowers this at-times familiar material . Aiming for a film that 's character-driven , he gets sharp performances that hold promise for the nascent director .
A pulse-quickening thriller , but what makes it such an interesting and memorable movie is that it is also a thought piece about what happens when personal brilliance vanishes forever .
From that opening sequence to an ending that 's satisfying without being overly sentimental , The Lookout is utterly engrossing . I loved this movie .
One senses the screenplay was repeatedly worked over in a seminar or honed using a software program . With stock characters , salty language , caper tension and heartfelt drama , it 's calculated to please .
A sure-footed , restrained picture , in which the characters are allowed to drive the action -- not the other way around .
A modestly effective thriller about a lost boy who falls in with a nasty pack of bank robbers , The Lookout promises minor pleasures and delivers them .
For all the thrills and chills of the robbery , the best part of The Lookout is Gordon-Levitt 's touching portrayal of a disabled man fighting to win back his old life .
The Lookout delivers a fine contemporary noir tale with a lead character that 's more richly drawn than most . Plus it boasts yet another wonderfully nuanced performance by Joseph Gordon-Levitt .
I enjoyed the realization of how someone with special needs is treated & sometimes abused . It is the reality of the world we live in .
The beauty of Scott Frank 's The Lookout is not found in the thrill of criminal stimulation , but the way the filmmaker uses the promise of dread to build characterization
Gordon-Levitt is superb as the damaged boy . It 's an acutely observed and genuine-feeling performance , free of the usual tics and winces actors supply when called on to play the thwarted and lame . Chris ' larger problem has less to do with what he ca n't do
Its relatively modest reach conceals a memorable crime story that refuses to be limited to genre alone .
Most impressive of all is Mr. Gordon-Levitt , who is convincing as one of cinema 's most difficult archetypes : the reactive protagonist whose complex emotions are visible to the viewer but invisible to his fellow characters .
Gordon-Levitt commands sympathy , affection , and understanding , perfectly executing the role without resorting to maudlin or sentimental tactics .
Levitt is quickly establishing himself as an actor with serious range and a keen eye for great roles in smaller films .
When no one was looking , Gordon-Levitt left behind his child-star sitcom past on 3rd Rock From the Sun , took his money and went off to become the broodiest brooder that ever brooded in mostly independent films .
-LSB- Frank -RSB- has come up with a perfectly entertaining film , a decent diversion , without uncovering anything truly extraordinary .
But this is Gordon-Levitt 's show , make no doubt , and he is absolutely incredible .
There are no gratuitous plot twists , no distracting trick shots and no over-the-top performances -- just a good story , told well .
has all the right elements of tension , story , a little comic relief , and solid acting that makes it one of those movies you will tell your friends to see .
Call it townie noir .
Gordon-Levitt continues to cement his claim as the best young actor of his generation .
Gordon-Levitt is the real deal , a fascinating performer who creates the pre-crash Chris so compellingly in a few brief moments that we can miss him -- and glimpse him under the slightly scrambled version he becomes .
An effective homage to the kind of small-scale thrillers we never forget . We ca n't avoid knowing where The Lookout is headed , but we are so deep inside its characters ' heads that we would n't want to go anywhere else .
Sleekly tooled but eminently forgettable .
Writer/director -LSB- Scott -RSB- Frank deflects any moral judgment with the fiendishly clever argument that any action taken in the name of your own independence and emotional solace ca n't be all bad .
The plot swings are surprising , the characters are interesting and multidimensional , and the performers are riveting .
`` The Lookout '' as that rare character-driven movie that screenwriters dream of creating , and then rush to copy after seeing it . It is a gem of a movie that beckons repeated viewing .
-LSB- Director Scott -RSB- Frank wrote the film adaptations of Elmore Leonard 's Out of Sight and Get Shorty , and at times he seems to be trying for a similar tough-tender tone . But the material here is more fragile than Leonard 's , more touchy-feely .
Cinematographer Alar Kivilo supplies a mundane winter-gray look that underscores the story 's chilling tone . The Lookout begs to be seen by anyone who enjoys falling under the spell of a good thriller .
Sadder than most crime sagas , The Lookout is less about the crime than a guy trying to keep his wits when his brain only slows him down .
-LSB- Gordon-Levitt -RSB- is poised to blow away thinking moviegoers with his hugely appealing combination of Keanu Reeves ' quirky good looks , Tobey Maguire 's engaging mopiness , and a Johnny Depp-esque hunger for offbeat , demanding roles .
The dour , downbeat story eventually spirals into grisly Grand Guignol and contrivance .
Small but satisfying , and you 're pleased to find yourself in the company of a writer who knows what he 's doing , does n't showboat yet does n't turn to stone , and plays straight into the tangy strengths of his script .
Funny , tender and littered with elegantly written characters played by actors cast for goodness of fit rather than star wattage .
Screenwriter Scott Frank makes a sure-handed directorial debut with one of the rare caper films in recent memory that cares more about its characters than tricking its audience .
Character nuance and sly wit trump plot novelty in this immensely satisfying suspense drama .
The sort of thing all movie lovers should be on the lookout for -- an early-spring sleeper , deftly played and smartly written .
Tight , taut noirish thriller also creates some memorable characters .
This film leaves you hoping for a project truly worthy of Gordon-Levitt 's gifts .
An edgy , darkly engaging crime caper that 's also a taut psychological thriller .
... far more thrilling before it turns into a thriller .
Throwing a mentally impaired dude into a heist drama does n't really add much . There are times when the audience will forget that Chris is disabled , partially because Gordon-Levitt is n't very persuasive .
It 's the characters and what they say and think that matter . The job is only an afterthought .
A lean , to-the-bone , expertly acted small-town noir that takes unusual care to cast the moral compass of its characters in various shades of gray . There 's just no fat on it .
Joseph Gordon-Levitt , as a fellow who has suffered serious head trauma , comes up with such a moody Method assemblage of twitches , tics , and guilty Memento mannerisms that he 's not much fun to watch .
I left the theater entertained but not fully satisfied .
-LSB- Scott -RSB- Frank 's writing is right on , the dialogue rings true , and the film 's populated by characters you can easily imagine existing in every town .
Gordon-Levitt 's worth the admission all by his lonesome . He 's that good - the proverbial young man with an old soul who brings unexpected depth , complexity , and sincerity to what could have been just another damaged-guy role . He 's the one to look out for .
An impressive directorial debut by a screenwriter who understands the importance of strong characters and hiring the right actors to pull them off .
Scott Frank offers up a haunting neo-noir backdrop that simmers with angst .
The Lookout may look like just another bank heist caper , but it 's actually a beautifully drawn character drama , and the rare film that manages to balance subtlety with suspense .
That The Lookout is n't stronger as a whole is due to its effort to fit a character piece into thriller conventions .
Frank 's writing is razor-sharp , his filmmaking whistle-clean .
Nifty in construction and savvy in execution , this is a twisty thriller that 's both cannily suspenseful and honestly moving .
The Lookout becomes something of a standard-issue , sub-Elmore Leonard caper in which double-crosses and inconvenient surprises lead to murder
In a knockout directing debut , Frank cooks up his own mischief . The web he spins will pull you in . Guaranteed .
Stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt , the most promising young American actor since Marlon Brando .
Every once in a while it 's my great privilege to see a small film that strikes me as an instant masterpiece .
Out of Sight scribes slides nicely into director 's chair with darker crime tale .
Fueled by yet another terrific performance from Joseph Gordon-Levitt , it 's a curiously satisfying genre picture , with all the tight plotting and meticulous character building you 'd expect from the writer of Out of Sight .
If you can put aside your short-attention span and allow yourself to believe that the end will be worth it , then you 'll probably walk away with a positive vibe for The Lookout .
It is as if -LSB- Frank -RSB- trashes the entire mechanism altogether , resulting in a spoonfed conclusion , rewarding facile expectations and violating the integrity of his film 's well-established structure .
A stealthy neo-noir drama that is n't afraid to take its time developing characters on the way to the payoff of a neatly designed caper scenario .
In his auspicious directorial debut , bright writer Scott Frank -LRB- Out of Sight -RRB- has made a taut , character-driven thriller , boasting sharp dialogue and superlative turns from Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Jeff Daniels .
In the middle of a hectic festival day , it made time stop , and sent me into a contemplative haze ... It 's one of my favorite films of the year .
A brilliant , edge-of-your seat , completely engrossing thriller .
I have n't raved so much over a film 's ability to stop my pulse , as this one did , since `` Maria Full of Grace . ''

@highlight

The Lookout is a genuinely suspenseful and affecting noir due to the great ensemble cast and their complex , realistic characters .