Mobile and its still-segregated Mardi Gras tradition seem to be world unto themselves , presented without reference to the wider world 's pressing issues -- the failing economy , environmental concerns , war in Iraq . The documentary 's impressive compilation of
Reveals ceremonies that are exotic , unexpected , colorful and incredibly ritualized , layered with vast amounts of denial , submerged agendas and hypocrisy .
Separate but equal is alive and well in America ; see how it works at Mardi Gras in Mobile
A good time is had by all even in light of public displays of racial segregation in the Mobile , Alabama 's Mardi Gras celebration .
An informative behind-the-scenes look at America 's oldest Mardi Gras .
-LSB- An -RSB- affectingly insightful and well-informed documentary . Myths taps into a special kind of Southern tradition % u2014with underlying racial overtones as a societal hovering factor .
A revealing anthropological portrait and reminder of American places where young people grow up surrounded by tradition , both positive and negative , and stay to carry it on .
A well-constructed documentary about a surprising remnant of segregation in the new South , The Order of Myths gracefully explores Mobile 's Mardi Gras celebrations and profiles the young people playing at royalty at these ceremonies ' hearts .
Trapped under the weight of hundreds of years of racial animosity and mistrust , with few clues as to how to work themselves free , the celebrants of the oldest Mardi Gras in the country take refuge in their traditions .
-LSB- A -RSB- beautifully restrained , intelligent documentary about how complicated race relations can be in the modern South .
An invaluable portrait of us-and-them America , a smart , generous , poignant , quietly disturbing movie about secrecy and hospitality .
Entertaining and provocative .
Brown presents a complex , provocative view ...
Less a vitriolic critique than a considerate , despairing depiction of the intractable sway exerted by long-held , unpleasant traditions .
On both sides of the Mobile Mardi Gras divide , people seem to be edging toward a desire for reconciliation , but there remain significant differences about what that might entail .
Ostensibly about Mobile , Alabama 's annual Mardi Gras tradition , which dates back to 1703 , Margaret Brown 's documentary is actually an examination of the racial divide in a city that claims there is none .
The cast of characters trailed by the crew is a compelling batch .
Engrossing if discomfiting .
Wise and soberly affecting documentary about the separate but unequal Mardi Gras festivities that take place each year in Mobile , Ala. .
To say each group takes this tradition seriously can in no way convey the absolute nuttiness and frenzy that filmmaker Margaret Brown has captured .
Quietly shocking , The Order of Myths is a deft , engrossing cross-section of Mobile life , heavy on local color and insight .
A nice gesture , but in the sequel I 'd like to see these refined rednecks really shaken out of their comfort zone . How about taking these folks north of the Mason-Dixon Line to see how the other half of the country lives before they miss out on the 21st C .
The camera effectively pictures the two separate but equal Mardi Gras and contrasts the faux-baroque finery with some urban scruffiness .
Entertaining , mind-opening docs open every month , but none has broken through to a wide audience . Now comes the latest winner , Margaret Brown 's penetrating The Order of Myths .
In The Order of Myths , just as in Manderlay , the legacy of slavery lingers on far past its historical moment .
Provides a good feel for the fun and exciting parts of Mobile 's Mardi Gras as well as the undercurrent of `` traditional '' racial segregation that still exists today .
Revolutionary advances have been made in racial equality , but in Mobile segregation - the most interpretable symptom of racism - has its last stronghold in Mardi Gras .
Finds an unusual tonal sweet spot somewhere in between absurdist comedy and melancholy in considering two groups at a socio-historical impasse .
Smartly edited , utterly engrossing , and as intelligent an examination of American race relations as I 've seen .
Editors Michael Taylor , Geoffrey Richman and -LSB- director Margaret Brown -RSB- have stitched the material together to make a lively and revealing portrait of life in the New South .
Order of Myths looks good , and its characters are memorable .


@highlight

More than a documentary about the oldest Mardi Gras celebration in the south , Order of Myths encompasses the eccentric characters of Mobile and the still-lingering racial tensions that surround them .