-LSB- Rob -RSB- Zombie 's most chilling movie so far , if not his most horrific .
Lords of Salem may be a misfire , but it 's an interesting one from an auteur with much to offer a genre that has devolved into a sodden mass of jump scares .
Tries desperately to shock and offend , and succeeds only in being brutally boring .
While not forgetting the cinematic value of a coven of naked witches dancing around a bonfire , Zombie shows that he has matured as a filmmaker .
Featuring some playfully deranged fantasy and flashback sequences to compliment what is overall sober , superior horror , this budding auteur of the macabre is hitting his groove .
I saw The Lords of Salem ... I did n't really like it !
Rob Zombie 's tale of DJs unwittingly waking the dead in modern-day Salem is frighteningly good .
`` The Lords of Salem '' presents an even bigger mess than usual . As the film progresses , you get inklings of a plot here and there , but one never wholly materializes , making for an incoherent and extraordinarily dull affair .
Zombie loves taking his beloved spouse and turning her into a demonic witch-Madonna while The Velvet Underground drones `` All Tomorrow 's Parties . '' As horror it 's not horrifying , but as a valentine to creepshow romance it 's almost heartwarming
Rob Zombie has matured as a filmmaker , as witnessed by this well-structured horror shocker , which plays with both historical events and familiar movie imagery to keep us unnerved even if it 's ultimately rather silly .
-LSB- Rob Zombie -RSB- makes good on the promise of being one of America 's most distinctive horror directors to securely become one of its best .
Zombie fails to fully wrestle to the ground any of the movie 's themes in an engaging or meaningful way ... so its swan-dive into arbitrariness from the second act on is fairly complete .
Polished and calculated , this is a nerve-shattering fright fest bolstered by immaculate technique .
Lords of Acid more like , in this finely crafted retro Satanic-panic freakout channeling Polanski , Kubrick , Anger and death metal videos .
Despite being based on the fascinating events of the 1692 Salem witch trials , The Lords of Salem sadly fails to offer anything exciting , thanks to a weak script , lack of scares and dreadful sound quality .
The Lords Of Salem starts as a magnificent slow-burn satanic thriller , but goes up in flames quicker than a witch in Salem after a horrendous third act .
Having the adorable Dee Wallace teamed with Judy Geeson and Patricia Quinn as the revived coven of witches was great . If the film had been about them , the film might have been good .
The Lords of Salem suffers far too much for its shortcomings ; sadly , the audience suffers even more .
Zombie 's moody shocker finds the part-time singer still floundering to find his voice as a filmmaker while offering clear-cut evidence that it takes more than a deep love of the horror genre to become a great horror director .
With its visual wonders and mindbending narrative , The Lords of Salem is unlike anything Rob Zombie has ever done before .
Shock rocker turned filmmaker Rob Zombie pits an emotionally fragile radio personality against a coven of undead witches in his fifth feature . The result is genuinely creepy if not jump-out-of-your-seat scary .
Witches gone wild , then and now . Zombie plays around with history as to whether or not witches have really existed . A reality rewrite regarding women historically persecuted for rebellious minds of their own , likely to leave especially feminists fuming .
It 's a credit to Zombie 's interest in growing as an artist that he 's drawing from more mature inspirations here , but it 's also part of why the movie does n't work .
An original take on screen torment , and while Salem contains considerable flaws , its ambition is frequently hypnotizing , attempting to trigger a different kind of disquiet in a genre that could use the challenge .
It 's all meant to be monstrous , unspeakable , blasphemous horror but it comes across more like a slightly dirty drawing , passed in seventh-grade religion class .
Movies by Rob Zombie , the goth rocker turned cult filmmaker , are n't for everybody . But he could n't care less .
It 's brave , bold , ambitious ... . and not very good .
Dull and incompetent . And I 'm not just talking about his wife .
Overlook the abysmal acting , unattractive nudity , awful dialogue , laughable effects and diabolical direction , and there are a few memorable shocks and images .
It 's a head trip , to be sure , but it 's Zombie 's electric , haunted head , so my advice is just sit back and goggle .
Where The Lords of Salem excels is in its depiction of art , even seemingly innocuous Production Code cinema , as a vessel for unexpected malevolence .
Considerable care goes into establishing the premise , but the film eventually abandons psychological subtlety for hallucinatory garishness , which is too bad .
`` The Lords of Salem '' will make you feel bad . But it 's supposed to .
Rob Zombie , film scholar ? I 'm convinced . Rob Zombie , filmmaker ? Mmmyeah , not so much .
A more restrained kind of grungy horror throwback than the rocker-turned-filmmaker has offered to date , at least marking a step in a different direction , if not necessarily the right one .
Atmosphere is three-fourths of the game in a horror film , and `` The Lords of Salem '' has it in spades .
A portrait of vengeful occult torment that pushes hard to redefine the meaning of `` witch trials . ''
Although it eventually descends into silliness , this creepily atmospheric effort delivers some effective scares along the way .
Though admirable for moving away from director Rob Zombie 's comfort zone by focusing on mood and atmosphere over jump scares and a body count , the viewer walks away feeling the one thing horror should never elicit : indifference .
You get the idea that `` The Lords of Salem '' would be a lot scarier if you could tell what was going on .
Zombie proves once again that he understands how many different ways there are to give an audience the creeps .
Instead of retreating into his manic , hyper-allusive style of psychedelic , grindhouse-friendly pastiche , Zombie tested his considerable skills and made something different .
If Rob Zombie is going to continue to evolve and pursue original visions moving forward , then he may well become the sort of filmmaker whose work is so important to him ...
Some of this looks cool enough , but most of it 's just silly satanic mumbo jumbo that 's not particularly scary .
So bad it 's hilarious .
Occasionally potent but mostly risible , this tale of the occult sees Rob Zombie cast a weak spell . Disappointing .
Even as a coven assembles , the movie forgets to scare .
The movie is eerily photographed , but never suspenseful or scary , and eventually , events descend into goat-sacrificing silliness .
It 's ambitious but , ultimately , a failure .
This is probably Rob Zombie 's best film , though it does often prove that the cinephile writer/director is a gifted tyro . At the same time , as his most formally mannered and tonally tempered film , Zombie 's latest also proves his versatility .
Zombie 's witches are n't as scary as the credible psychopaths he has portrayed before , but The Lords of Salem contains enough frenzied imagery in its climactic moments to make the spell linger .
Less inferno than slow burn , Rob Zombie 's retro witch thriller The Lords of Salem has plenty of portent but not much payoff .
Rob Zombie understands horror as an aural-visual experience that should gnaw at the nerves , seep into the subconscious , and beget unshakeable nightmares .
... imbued with ambiance .
A decent homage to Dario Argento that 's gradually undone by some plainly sloppy storytelling .
A surreal experience that will no doubt polarize , The Lords of Salem feels more like a bad LSD trip than a cohesive horror movie .
One alluring thing about Zombie is that it 's hard to know how much of all this is a put-on . I spent a lot of time squinting at it , which is more fun than being bored .
Zombie has a vision and you assume in his mind it all adds up to something very dark , deep and meaningful , but that meaning been lost in translation and the film comes across as vague and confused .
Bug nuts insane . If you 're into some weird shit , this is one you ca n't miss .
` The Lords of Salem ' could only be recommended as background visuals as your jamming to old school White Zombie .

@highlight

The Lords of Salem has lots of atmospheric portent , but it 's unfortunately short on scares .