The movie is a whole is passable , it 's watchable . But when I watch that third act , it makes me wonder `` What if the entire movie was like this ? '' It would have been a risk ... but in this day and age it 's better to take a risk than feel like a carbon copy .
There 's this great balance of scary and funny and creepy , and it was paced really well .
The one reason Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children works wonders is Tim Burton 's direction and some well crafted CGI .
Miss Peregrine is a return to form for Burton .
Essentially , this is everything - absolutely typical and more - that you 'd expect from a Tim Burton-helmed film .
Burton 's fantastical magical adventure dips into quirk and gothic horror where it can in order to make it unique - only it lacks any sort of identity in its beauty .
My goodness , this is tired old fantasy hat . It may be based on a novel , but it seems to have been cobbled together from elements we 've seen in films many times before .
In Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children , the master of the peculiar hits his stride once more , and its magic is something to behold .
Despite its stated obsession with all things `` peculiar , '' there 's little about this movie that is actually surprising . It comes across like a movie going through the motions of setting up a franchise , not a movie eager to bring you on a wild adventure .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is certainly a movie I 'd recommend if only so we get to see more of this world in the future . All it needs is a bit more focus .
Sadly , it will have to be chalked up as another failure .
Miss Peregrine 's could have been a thoughtful and bold metatextual thesis on Burton 's entire career . Instead , like its partially-formed villainous apparitions , it comes frustratingly close to achieving substance .
It could be said that the film is nothing else than X-Men combined with Back to the Future and Groundhog Day seen under the Burtonian magnifying glass . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film that successfully undertakes the doctrinal appropriation of the ultimate ends of humanity , both the finitude and the finality of life , its death and final judgment and its immediate resurrection . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A date with Tim Burton is n't what it used to be ; it has n't been for a long time .
Burton 's gothic whimsy crackles and cackles gleefully to life with writhing flourishes of the macabre .
At a time when most computer-generated blockbusters are aimed at audiences with attention-span deficiencies , it 's heartening to come across the work of an auteur like Tim Burton who continues to give free rein to his imagination .
The tone is mass-market whimsy , with a hodgepodge of influences .
On paper , it might be just another damp Young Adult squib . In execution , it 's a lovely , fun thing .
Well-mounted juvenile spookiness .
Entertaining and clever , Tim Burton is right at home with his latest film .
... described in a single word : ` rushed . ' ... a lot of good and creepy here , but much of it is undermined with little or no development .
Burton 's latest finds the distinctive visual stylist chasing his own tail out of duty instead of inspiration , like an aging black cat bored with the same old appendage on its hindquarters .
While the film follows a very familiar path and ponders recognisable themes , it does so with an ideal dose of Burton 's distinctive sensibilities .
Not the sort of excursion that is alien to the eccentric Tim Burton , but unlike a plethora of the director 's recent output it sticks to you with a certain romanticized clarity , as if plucked from some untapped corner of his exhausted imagination
It 's fun to watch Burton max out the capabilities of computer generated-imagery . But it would be even more enjoyable if the characters were equally imaginative .
The plotting of his new film is so convoluted that cinema-goers will need flow charts to stop them being utterly baffled .
Tim Burton hits rock bottom with this thoroughly misbegotten adaptation of Ransom Riggs ' eponymous novel ...
Miss Peregrine is akin to catching up with an old friend and finding you still enjoy their company .
It does not have the same sort of delights as THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS , but it has its own charm .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a middle-of-the-road Tim Burton movie , with enough `` good '' regarding visuals and subtext to counteract the overly complicated narrative , thinly developed supporting characters and often arbitrary plot beats .
The story 's anti-fascism exoskeleton is heavier than Burton 's dark fantasy and its capering evil creatures can bear .
A book built around found photographs becomes a movie built around a visual effects wish list , and the story becomes even more involved and confusing on the screen than it was on the page .
A film full of amazing visuals but loses a little bit of soul because of the plot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Another gloom-laden fantasy film intended for kids , this one featuring drab direction from Tim Burton and a time-travel storyline that will have you scratching your head .
Tim Burton has found the best material in years to match his quirky and endearing cinematic style .
Style trumps substance in Burton 's latest movie , even as he does n't quite go full-bore peculiar as the title suggests .
Standard issue Tim Burton . That 's both a good and a bad thing , but mostly good .
Whilst there are a few hiccups in the film , it 's still engaging and engaging enough to look past the cracks .
A sequel does n't bother me at all because fantasy and adventure are injected in sufficient doses , but something tells me it 's better not expect that to happen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has a sufficient amount of genre pleasures , with gorgeously detailed locations and scary monsters , but the narrative is confused , at times impersonal , and does not justify its 127-minute running time .
A Timothy Walter Burton greatest hits movie : a few moments of ethereal genius , some swings toward narrative ruin , and a whole lot of tedium .
Showing restraint is unusual for him , and letting the inherent weirdness of the story do the work , Burton has turned out his best film since Sweeney Todd .
I wish I could tell you Miss Peregrine is good , except it is n't . It 's not bad , either . It is , you might say , a movie that exists .
In its own weird way , Miss Peregrine might be one of the most personal movies Tim Burton has made in his career .
Another muddled , over-long Burton fantasia ... The last half hour is a rather excellent extended action sequence . The beginning and middle , however , are laborious .
A proof that Burton has a personal visual design but his narrative has been damaged . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that could have been a lot better , with characters that could have been better instead of leaving them as flat and stereotyped . -LSB- Full review in Spanish
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children remains memorable not for what it does well , but for what it might have been .
Even if we never again see a filmmaker as great as he was in Batman and Scissorhands , we need Tim Burton to keep on working on films as good as this for as long as he wants to .
... the film only leaves you with a few great moments , but they 're hard to cling to when surrounded by a story that lacks the proper substance .
The best that can be said for this film is that its third act diverges so significantly from the source material that it could easily get away with not becoming a series , a small mercy for us all .
This movie is so within Tim Burton 's wheelhouse the screenplay was probably delivered to him by Johnny Depp riding a claymation dinosaur .
The young peculiars have names , but they do n't get much by way of backstory or personality . Despite the movie 's insistence that they are special , Miss Peregrine ultimately reduces them to the very thing the world rejected them for : their peculiarities .
A by-the-books YA affair that resembles X-Men : First Class retrofitted for the tween Hot Topic set .
Some movies are great . Some movies become great over time . And some movies contain moments of such greatness that you forget the rubbish bits . Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is one such movie .
How far into `` Miss Peregrine 's School '' did Tim Burton get before he realized he 'd split up with the one woman who could play the title role -- Helena Bonham Carter ?
Another of the many adaptations by Burton that shows that every story has a dark side . It 's like it was written for him . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting and captivating film and leaves you wanting more thanks to its bad execution . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Butterfield is dimmed by such bright lights in the cast around him . Some CGI-heavy scenes in the finale are wearisome but the madcap register of calmer moments makes for enchanting fun .
Burton . . is at home in the mustiness that makes up Miss Peregrine 's charm . He sinks his teeth into the Second World War period design and unleashes Eva Green , typically cast on the sinister side , into a world of sexy subversive heroines .
Too often , it turns into an exercise in style over substance that tries to conform to expectations rather than stand out .
The 2011 Ransom Riggs novel on which -LSB- the movie -RSB- is based is clearly a complex world ... However , some worlds are n't best captured on film ...
... , the material is right up Burton 's dark corridor , surreal and nostalgically scary . This time , Burton 's manner is changed , not drastically or consistently but more controlled , making strangeness the story 's accessory rather than its purpose .
We forget sometimes what kind of wonders Burton can still produce : wonders that come from no other director and which are no less amazing for the flawed material that sometimes accompanies them .
Burton is so deft at creating these bizarro and outlandish settings that you forgive the overcooked script .
Firmly branded with Tim Burton 's magnetic and distinctive stamp , this wondrous time-travel fantasy adventure is propelled by imagination and superb execution . I felt like a kid in a candy store who gets to sample everything
It 's just an empty fun house - no corners to turn , no surprises to uncover , nothing lurking in the corners or waiting to leap down from above . It 's just smoke , mirrors , and 3D glasses . Sit back , relax , and feel nothing about the show .
The plotholes are plentiful at Miss Peregrine 's Home , but so is the razzle dazzle .
Some darkness , but the kids will still love it .
While the individual story components might not be entirely original , Burton certainly claims them as his own . Whether he makes them cohere is another matter .
Eva Green is typically enchanting as the pipe-smoking , crossbow-wielding , shape-shifting Miss Peregrine -LRB- her name 's the clue -RRB- and her strangely gifted young charges are equally eye-catching .
Tim Burton 's adaptation of this macabre fantasy is strangely spooky , yet stylish , stumbling where it should soar .
There are clashes both small and spectacular throughout this fantasy adventure but the crucial one is between the film 's director , Tim Burton , and the bland demands of the modern blockbuster .
Who in their right mind ever believed that Tim Burton would make a great social conformist ?
Relentlessly dull . A tour of a strange world and ` characters ' little more than their ` peculiar ' abilities is n't enough to whip up fantastical excitement .
For much of the film 's length we find him in his element , taking advantage of what was clearly a generous budget to indulge his fantasies .
Burton has successfully crafted some interesting characters and memorable images , but fails to place them into the coherent , concise narrative they deserve .
Burton returns to his essence with this film , especially in visuals but still lacks on narrative . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A visually striking movie with great performances but Burton fans longing for a new proposal on the big screen might be disappointed with this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Miss Peregrine 's Home For Peculiar Children is n't his masterpiece but it will give audiences exactly what they expect from a Burton movie .
The film is n't as involving as it could be , but it 's still a lot of fun .
Director Burton 's own peculiarities and playfulness , on the other hand , do not disappoint .
Miss Peregrine is not completely satisfying . But it 's still well worth seeing for Burton completists , and those teenagers who feel they do n't quite fit in will find kindred spirits among the peculiars .
Tim Burton 's been killing his movies for a long time now ... by failing to understand , if he ever knew it , how important the right dramatic register is .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children should provide moviegoers with an entertaining and emotional ride as well as nightmarish visuals to savor .
The film feels overstuffed , with Tim Burton repeating tricks from his greatest hits -LRB- think Beetlejuice and Edward Scissorhands -RRB- . But stick with it just for those times when Burton flies high on his own peculiar genius .
Had I been shown Miss Peregrine without being told it was a Tim Burton film , I would n't have guessed it .
Asa Butterfield is flat , vacant , unappealing , with less energy that a sloth during its morning nap . He murders the film with every blandly spoken utterance .
The fantasy is delirious , even if the blueprint for it is so worn you can practically see daylight through it .
Even at 127 minutes , Miss Peregrine feels rushed and truncated , but there 's plenty to enjoy , starting with Green as the titular guardian .
I 'm not sure how Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children will be received by the masses , but for my part , even with a handful of strong reservations , Burton 's interpretation of Riggs ' source material kept me suitably intrigued .
The offering pretty much works as a whole , taking familiar elements and mixing them into something that feels somewhat fresh . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Scary Scenes , etc. - also Available -RRB-
The wonderment factor is all here . As the children 's home is revealed and each one shows off his or her power in an inevitable montage , the effect is charming and , yes , magical .
Tim Burton is on macabre message in his latest offering - `` Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children '' - an adaptation of Ransom Riggs ' popular trilogy .
The result feels less like a thoughtfully-conceived franchise-starter than a picture that was rushed out of the editing suite prematurely .
Many images in `` Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children '' are firmly of Burton 's wondrous cinematic universe .
If you can ignore a plot hole or two , and grasp the time travel , you 'll find a film filled with delightful and slightly macabre ... well , peculiarity .
Completely derivative but Green has wistful majesty ; young cast is excellent , and Burton 's visuals dazzle .
To me , Burton 's movies always seem a full grade too grotesque for the whimsical stories he is trying to tell ... At least in Miss Peregrine , his ghastliness fits the fable , although , even at its best , it 's fairly generic Burton .
Burton leaves his juvenile actors on their own , adrift , or more appropriately , orphaned .
Lurches in directions at once too juvenile for grownup tastes and too gruesome for kids . Maybe there 's a sweet spot around 10 to 13 where it might feel gleefully transgressive .
It feels like a curio -- not an eerie , unexplained one , like the vintage photographs that inspired Riggs ' Miss Peregrine trilogy , but a dated and familiar one , yanked out of the dusty old boxes piled up in the Burton archive .
While the ending falls resoundingly flat , Burton 's latest outing is opulently entertaining , and provides decently enjoyable escapism .
Tim Burton 's mind is as peculiar as can be and usually that works . This time it does n't . He packs this movie with superb effects but in the end it 's Harry Potter light .
Creepy but exciting Burton fantasy based on best-seller .
Burton tries to pack it all in , but his heart does n't seem invested in the production . Early promise for a throwback adventure highlighting mischief and wonder is eventually ruined by the needs of a burgeoning franchise .
Popular children 's book Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children gets the Tim Burton treatment , with strong imagery but an overly complicated narrative .
Little more than a carnival of oddities , and as we have come to expect from Burton in recent years , a further example of style over substance .
Will you settle for two-thirds of a great Tim Burton movie ?
It 's supremely silly and filled with crater-sized plot holes , but it 's a profoundly moving film , too - about trauma , about loneliness , about aging and family .
Besides being overlong and having a slapdash ending , ` Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children ' is a sensory treat .
In the past , Burton has shown he does peculiar better than anybody . This time around , his touch is as useless as a mouth in the back of your head .
Burton 's macabre sensibility and a delicious performance from Eva Green as shape-shifting Miss Peregrine -LRB- a Burton heroine if ever there was one -RRB- enlivens the tortuous plotting and dreary world building .
The climax comes somewhat too late and the final result suffers from a lopsided structure , this nevertheless offers nice playing -LRB- from Green and Stamp especially -RRB- , some fanciful FX and a few Burton-esque film-buff references .
This is one of Burton 's minor dreams but its yukky-yummy fragments are still doing cartwheels in my head .
There are probably more reasons to see the film than not . Just do n't expect to understand it .
The movie fan in me loves Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children . The movie critic in me found a few flaws , but forgivable ones .
It features a standout performance from a surging actress with a big future , and actually does some interesting things in its first hour . However , despite its strengths , the film falls flat as a pancake in its incomprehensible , bumbling third act .
I fear Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is too uneven , too self-consciously cool to succeed either as art or as mass spectacle .
There are some lovely visual moments , and Burton renders the kids ' powers with wit and verve and a little bit of grace . But the performances and plotting vary wildly .
Despite the film 's flaws , the peculiarity of it all holds interests and carries through , until that rushed third act -- as if Burton simply lost focus and wanted it all to be over .
For many Burton fans , it will feel like a welcome return to form .
The movie finds a good balance between the light and the macabre . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
It 's too bad the movie never quite sweeps us up - it 's slow in spots , and there 's an awful lot of exposition .
Goes through the motions rather than allows itself , and its audience , to genuinely feel .
A film where Burton recovers the peculiar touch that he had lost a few years ago . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if you 're willing to forgive the film 's tendency to retread well-known paths , Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children falls apart in its final act .
For all its candy-covered monsters and eye-opening talents , Miss Peregrine 's world is peculiarly familiar .
There are elements of Harry Potter , X-Men and The Addams Family in a film that makes up for any lack of originality with large helpings of high spirits , visual flair and fizzy energy .
It 's another flick through a familiar and by-now bulging scrapbook , but it leaves you craving less - and more .
Mr. Burton 's attention to detail and to the ebb and flow of tone -LRB- scary , funny , eerie -RRB- , as well as his sensitive , gentle work particularly with the child actors , make each new turn another occasion for unfettered imagination .
It rattles amiably along , although it 's a little overextended and loses something of its control and focus by the end .
At least Burton seems more in tune with the material than the director has in years . And when things get dull , there 's Eva Green making it all worthwhile . When she 's off screen , you 're on your own .
The performers get lost in the special-effects hoopla at times , and it takes an inordinately long time to build up to the meat of the story . Once it gets rolling , though , the movie serves up some oddball delights .
A magical headmistress -LRB- Eva Green -RRB- , endangered kids with special powers , time loops and an over-the-top villain -LRB- Samuel L. Jackson -RRB- add up to a fun trip . Not for small children , but this odd Tim Burton film works just fine for the older crowd .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is worth a visit . Just do n't stay too long . It could be dangerous for your health .
Yes , Hollywood seems to be searching for a new Harry Potter franchise ...
Overall , despite feeling a little long and suffering from a rushed ending , Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a fresh and engaging storybook adventure that should appeal to viewers both inside and out of the core demographic .
The need for a strict plot , unfortunately , trumps the simple but engaging wonder of spending time with these characters .
The only thing that could save the movie is Stephen Hawking stopping by to diagram the thing out on a blackboard while ushers freely distribute Tylenol .
any fun oddities or fresh takeaways are buried under a customary 21st century YA sheen that combines Harry Potter with X-Men
Tim Burton 's latest is pretty much par for the course : two hours of great art direction in search of a movie .
I 'm thrilled Burton is trying to get back some of the sweetness that his recent exercises in garish fairytale-telling lacked -LRB- `` Dark Shadows , '' the `` Alice in Wonderland '' films -RRB- but he seems to have lost the knack .
Although the story becomes increasingly complex as it goes along , the emotional payoff is more than worth it .
With Burton calling the shots , there 's certainly magic in some of the visuals . But overall , Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children takes its cue from its monsters . It 's ultimately hollow .
Children plays a cruel trick .
Easily the director 's finest work since his masterful 2007 screen adaptation of `` Sweeney Todd , '' and a striking reminder of what an unfettered gothic imagination can achieve with the right focus and an infusion of discipline .
This is an easy film to like . It 's just a shame that it merits such an ordinary sentiment as ` likeable ' .
I know stories of misfits are meant to be inclusive and empowering . It 's an admirable goal . But maybe there 's some way to tell the now-familiar story anew -- or at least value what makes us different without pretending it makes it easier .
He did much the same slapdash job five years ago when he adapted Alice in Wonderland , and it pulled in big audiences back then . This may repeat the trick , but it 's still distinctly minor Burton .
Tim Burton 's adaptation of the kids ' fantasy novel boasts some spectacular set-pieces but should have been less morose and more entertaining .
An uneven adaptation of the Ransom Riggs book , with creepy-funny characters but an extremely muddled story .
Burton has covered similar ground already , but fans will relish this spooky return to form .
This is a messy , confusing , uninvolving mishmash of old-school practical effects and CGI battles that feels ... off nearly every misstep of the way .
Burton reins in his worst impulses , bad habits that he 's been cultivating for over a decade , to make a wickedly dark children 's movie that is , finally , blessedly , fun to look at .
Tim Burton 's adaptation nearly ignores the dull business of storytelling altogether via expository plot dumps crumpled in between ever more fantastical evocations of ghoulish Victoriana .
After a long run of dystopian YA movies for teen crowds , Burton is just the right guy to make cinema weird again .
There 's a warmth to the performances here that gives this a life beyond his usual collection of impressive imagery .
The very idea of this - at once gruesome and darkly funny - is perfectly suited to Burton 's sensibility , which also reveals itself in the casting of Butterfield , who has the quality of a young , slightly less freaky Johnny Depp .
It is for the most part a wonderfully inventive , supremely weird YA fairy tale but also unavoidably the product of a talented filmmaker stuck in a holding pattern .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is simply too much of a good thing crammed into a single movie . It 's a phantasmagorical chase movie that rarely takes a breather long enough for you to enjoy the sights along the way .
Like his recent film version of `` Dark Shadows , '' Burton 's `` Miss Peregrine '' may end up in a sort of No Teen 's Land of audience perplexity . The ick factor 's pretty high , and the verbal wit is scarce .
Burton works up some small , charming wonders with this heartfelt piece of spectacle .
The latest from Tim Burton would seem tailor-made for his tastes but it 's a convoluted slog , dense in mythology and explanatory dialogue but woefully lacking in thrills .
Outsiders , outcasts and oddballs everywhere , of all ages , let your freak flag fly -- courtesy of Miss Peregrine , and Tim Burton !
`` Miss Peregrine '' proves to be a fantasy that generally favors throwback drama and mystery over contemporary fireworks , bringing to mind the melancholy anachronisms of `` Benjamin Button '' and the period-set creepiness of `` Pan 's Labyrinth . ''
The pace of Miss Peregrine 's Home For Peculiar Children is methodical and slow , though there 's plenty of unusual visual treats to linger on as Burton sets up this irregular world .
It may not be the next Hunger Games-esque blockbuster franchise , but it 's an enjoyable ride through time and peculiarity .
What 's happened to Burton 's gift for storytelling ? In the movie 's second half , it 's impossible to follow the story 's gnarled-vine logic .
Feels like it was directed by a marketing spreadsheet .
Burton is a past master at illustrating tall tales and he has finally returned to form with this mesmerising and deliciously eccentric film .
Burton 's storytelling skills -- which have always been a bit iffy -- are seriously on the wane at this late stage of his career .
The top-billed Green is utterly wasted , given nothing to do but deliver exposition and wear ridiculous outfits . Sure , she 's good at both , but what 's the point ?
The story combines wickedly wry humor with enchanting steampunk spookiness . Green , with her flashing eyes and menacing grin , is perfect for this quintessentially Burtonian role .
As peculiar as Peregrine and her charges , but ... the peculiarity , if it falls short of enchanting , will be agreeable , especially to the director 's fans .
It 's a well-composed and stylish but also confounding film , with sinister edges and a bloated plot to match the marquee-filler of a title .
For all of Burton 's twisted touches , the film adheres to the storytelling template of the worst YA : the endless mythology , the tired boy-meets-girl romance , the boring self-actualization arc .
Maybe no the best from Burton and probably little children will have difficulties to connect with it but is a very entertaining and highly recommendable film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Asa Butterfield shines in particular as the kind-hearted hero but it 's Green who really steals the show .
Although the story falters its way to the end , Miss Peregrine 's technical aspects manage to intrigue you enough to make it worthwhile .
Burton fans will come away from this feeling utterly spoiled .
Burton 's artistry has been so misplaced for so long that it 's just really nice to thoroughly enjoy a movie of his again .
Burton 's best since Sweeney Todd . Part X-Men , part Harry Potter and part Adam 's Family , the filmmaker 's tone and style combine perfectly with the material at hand . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In a generous mood you could view Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children as a director nostalgically looking back on all the adventures he 's had as a filmmaker , but the result is mostly lacklustre , like a recycled shambles .
Brimming with magic , mystery and monsters , Tim Burton 's family fantasy nevertheless manages to feel lethargic and discernibly lacking in any of the director 's trademark visual style .
The problem ... is the director 's almost flagrant disregard for the story ...
In `` Miss Peregrine 's School for Peculiar Children , '' not only does Tim Burton save the YA genre , but the YA genre saves Tim Burton .
Burton , though his output lately has been bumpy -LRB- let 's all agree to forget about `` Dark Shadows , '' shall we ? -RRB- , is one of those rare filmmakers with a clear , distinctive style , and it 's well suited to this material .
There 's a fullness of imagination and artistry here that 's become increasingly rare in Burton 's work .
Tim Burton 's new film gives us a wonderful world with good performances , but the story fails to connect as it should .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children has all the making of a super franchise -- the call of destiny , the making of heroes and the embrace of kinship . Plus , of course , coming to terms with your inner freak .
With his peculiars , Burton has summoned up some very memorable screen characters and images . It 's too bad the rest of this flat action film is n't peculiar enough .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children plays like American Horror Story for the kindergarten set .
Tim Burton 's best -LRB- non-musical -RRB- live-action movie for 20 years .
While it 's neither as dark , funny nor peculiar as you 'd expect from Tim Burton , there 's still much here to admire .
To compete with Burton 's best , his heroic weirdos need a little more heart-and the monsters need sharper teeth .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is a wildly imaginative , but uneven film . Some parts are fantastically dark , then it loses steam in stretches .
Burton seems uninterested in the live-action component that Burton seems uninterested in what comes between the bouts of CGI , gifting it with lackluster pacing as his protagonists fumble easy shots and make several questionable decisions
Lesser Tim Burton , but worth seeing for Eva Green .
With Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children , Tim Burton focuses all his energy on a dusty , far-too-droll buildup that 's far from worth whatever short-lived excitement his finale brings .
It 's easy to see why Burton was drawn to material developed from freaky pictures , but this is simply the worst thing he 's ever committed to celluloid -LRB- or hard drive -RRB- ... Burton only excels here at what he 's always done best , making the weird cool looking .
Peculiarity has been a speciality of Tim Burton 's films for a while now -- but so has an overly gimmicky , cutesy approach to his characters ' fantastical worlds .
Like four or five Harry Potter books squeezed into a single movie .
It 's all worth it for the ingenious and wildly imaginative seaside battle finale ... Part and parcel of the films sweeter , lighter feel , it proves that Burton can shape shift his talents just as deftly as his Peculiar posse .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is n't a passion project for Burton -- it 's another adaptation , based on the young-adult novels by Ransom Riggs , but it 's perfectly aligned with the director 's theory of outsider exceptionalism .
Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children is thoroughly enjoyable for the bulk of its run time , and Burton proves once again that he can do great things given the proper parameters .
Goldman 's frequently amusing script is the secret ingredient that makes Miss Peregrine such an appropriate fit for Burton 's peculiar sensibility , allowing the director to revisit and expand motifs and themes from his earlier work .
The script feels like it 's been rewritten too many times -LRB- or perhaps not enough -- it never can make a central time-travel angle really work -RRB- . And the direction is hit-or-miss .
Miss Peregrine is a breathless , rollercoaster ride of an action adventure that makes full use of today 's special effects wizardry and the costuming genius of Colleen Atwood .
The heightened , fantastical elements of the story , coupled with the British wartime setting , put one in mind of Michel Powell , and one knows that , with him , the focus would have remained intently on the young lovers to the end .
Offers far too many scenes of characters explaining the plot -- or worse , very deliberately not explaining it , simply to set up some unsurprising late-in-the-game reveals .
It features the villains eating the eyeballs of children like they 're escargot . These days , that has to count for something .
Burton 's beautiful visuals are unfortunately undermined by a messy plot , a weak villain and a hopelessly boring protagonist .
Tim Burton 's latest may look and sound just like another YA fantasy film but it 's as potent an allegory for our contemporary -LRB- and age-old -RRB- refugee crisis as one could have reasonably hoped for
Burton does n't reinvent -LRB- or even reanimate -RRB- YA movies so much as he layers a Tim Burton Snapchat filter over them , as though a surplus of big eyes might compensate for a lack of big ideas .
Miss Peregrine only really works as a meta-commentary on the director and his worldview . It 's disposable entertainment at best .
Tim Burton 's direction reminds us of the distinct , peculiar coyness that was always at the heart of his best films .

@highlight

Miss Peregrine 's Home for Peculiar Children proves a suitable match for Tim Burton 's distinctive style , even if it 's on stronger footing as a visual experience than a narrative one .