This is a heartfelt and smart-tongued micro sci-fi with a tone and voice entirely its own , faltering only in its half-hearted attempts to become an ensemble piece .
Plaza and Duplass do great , believable work , and it 's a debut that both writer -LRB- Connolly -RRB- and director -LRB- Trevorrow -RRB- can proudly hang their hats on .
What garbage cinematography ! I 'd gladly donate $ 10 to buy them an -LSB- expletive -RSB- tripod .
It 's just about everything you 'd want in a summer movie , combining elements of romance , science fiction and comedy juiced with an element of frat-boy attitude .
SAFETY NOT GUARANTEED sticks the landing .
Bouncing back and forth between belief and incredulity , the film weaves an engaging story about love , time travel and the importance of looking beyond the obvious .
Time travel and unexpected love combine for one of the best films of the year .
If you like your science-fiction lo-fi , and your coming of age parables with a handy technological metaphor at their core , Colin Trevorrow 's Safety Not Guaranteed is the movie you 've been waiting for .
The film is obviously low-budget but has a smart script and a real feeling for those who would like to turn back the clock . Its modesty on the whole becomes it , and Plaza is a real find .
A human drama with some good laughs , winningly performed , and never predictable .
-LSB- It -RSB- can be comic , tragic , mundane or something weirdly transcendental .
Shows you do n't need much more than a good script to make a decent film - even if said script involves time travel .
The finale may raise eyebrows , but this is an experience you 'll want to relive .
The problem is that your safety is guaranteed - everyone is too likeable for there to be any sense of danger .
his time-travel romcom wastes lead Aubrey Plaza and dithers until its geek-pandering finale .
The independent sector of American cinema , you would think , would do better .
Few films so gloriously live up to their potential .
See it ... then travel back in time and see it again .
An endearingly oddball indie sci-fi .
A low-concept film about time travel might n't sound like much of a trip , but first-time director Colin Trevorrow offers good-natured fun and real substance in place of shiny surfaces and whizz-bang effects .
With a low budget but a lot of imagination and talent , director Trevorrow and writer Connolly create a deceptively simple comedy that 's one of the most entertaining films of the year .
It may not make you walk out , but it certainly left me unsatisfied .
With another rewrite and some more focused direction , Trevorrow could have exploited the potential in his story and provided a worthy platform for Plaza , whose deadpan lead performance is excellent .
Plaza and Duplass are enormously watchable , and there 's a sweet sadness in the movie 's focus on lost dreams and missed chances , and the truism that we all long for a time machine every once in a while .
Safety Not Guaranteed is an original worth seeking out .
The past has never seemed so inviting as it does in Colin Trevorrow 's DIY time-travel romance .
From its shoestring budget to its familiar tropes , this could have been independent filmmaking at its most generic . But with its off-the-wall premise , snarky wit and heartfelt performances , it 's quite the opposite : an inspired original .
A lighthearted tale that deftly mixes absurdist humor with touching moments and a real feeling of loneliness .
How do you incorporate a science-fiction element in a low-budget indie production ? For answers , see the engaging new comedy Safety Not Guaranteed ...
A small , richly nuanced , engaging piece of romantic fluff with a decent sci-fi tinge that does n't overplay its quirkiness .
It is a strange and strangely appealing journey that this film takes .
This is one of those films where the filmmaker takes you on an audacious journey and makes you believe every moment of it . A nice debut from Trevorrow and Connolly .
The film balances the extraordinary and ordinary with great aplomb , and Duplass and Plaza give beautifully judged performances .
It is one of those nicely-made efforts where every element sits perfectly in place , but the director is too tentative to shift them around too much . So they just sit there . The choice is yours : enjoy the stillness , or move on .
It 's a slight and modest flick that occasionally lapses into sentimentality , but it 's original and nicely carried by the actors .
Safety Not Guaranteed has real pathos which is always a lovely counterbalance to comedy .
Content to charm our pants off rather than set our imagination on fire .
It will keep you smiling and keep you guessing . It 's far from the safe , formulaic comedies that usually emanate from the big studios in Hollywood .
It 's a warm , fuzzy indie and a covert sci fi triumph .
Comedy , romance , sci-fi ... and wonderful whimsy , come together in this surprising film . We love surprises in our cinema , especially ones made with such heart
Each of the four central characters is quirky and flawed ; what is supremely interesting is how we change our minds about them all . What begins as an oddball idea is fleshed out by way of a myriad branches , leading into different but credible directions
If a group of your witty , talented and absolutely committed friends made a movie , this is the kind of truly ` indie ' film to which they would aspire .
This is one of those movies that gives independent cinema a good reputation . It 's one of those little gems that is n't seen in most of the country , but should be .
This hugely enjoyable comedy shows that you do n't need massive budgets or stars for success : likeable characters and smart ideas are more than enough .
When a crew is given constraints like a miniscule budget , more emphasis rightly goes into tightening up things like scripting and performance . It 's the ` Chasing Amy ' phenomenon at work .
Safety Not Guaranteed is an excellent comedy , one with tons of heart , great characters , and tremendous performances from Aubrey Plaza and Mark Duplass .
Trevorrow keeps the film moving with the crackerjack skill of a screwball comedy - almost nobody in the film is allowed to be uninteresting or unfunny .
A zany indie sci-fi/comedy , that has a promising innovative premise about time travel .
An entertaining seriocomic bauble that richly mines for laughs the pained regret and fumbling desires of its characters in much the same manner as Alexander Payne .
Probably not the best movie you 'll see all year , but it might just be the most special one .
The only thing that saddens me about this little gem of a movie is that it may not be seen by anyone .
`` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is charming , laugh-out-loud funny , and unpredictable ; basically all the things a unique indie comedy like this should be . `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is just fantastically enjoyable from all sides .
The characters are off-kilter and even weird , but watching them one senses their strange behavior occurs because of who they are , not because they 're putting on a performance .
It 's the film 's attempt at a conventional , big budget finale , with a big prop -LRB- Think H.G. Wells -RRB- ... that trips it up .
So good you 're not going to care whether his time machine works or not .
... fairly bulges with quirky hangdog charm ...
` Safety Not Guaranteed ' is a little comedy that makes the world safe for personal ads .
Safety Not Guaranteed is an indie flight of fancy . It 's fresh and imaginative . Its best moments are when it is grounded in the absurdity and whimsy of the human condition .
The superbly-balanced tone of this sweet and sour outsider-romance is the real star of -LSB- Trevorrow 's -RSB- feature debut , though breakout turns by on-the-cusp players Audrey Plaza and Jake M Johnson add to the film 's warm and wondrous sense of discovery .
It is an offbeat charmer that is fun and engaging from a storytelling standpoint , but one that also brings a surprisingly rich emotional payoff .
Safety Not Guaranteed is droll and hilarious , but there is n't a cheap laugh in it , and the ending is so perfect it sends you soaring .
`` Safety '' ca n't sustain its own offbeat energy . By the end , even Aubrey Plaza would roll her eyes at it .
Unlike time travel or jet-setting , `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' shows that making movies can still be more about the journey than the destination . Whether or not you have first-class tickets .
`` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is eccentric enough to get mistaken for an uplifting fantasy , but it 's Plaza who belongs in the penthouse .
Hope is a powerful thing and Safety Not Guaranteed delivers in its tale of longing , deliverance and connection during the here and now .
An intriguing yet erratic effort ...
Less of a philosophical argument and more of a character piece driven deep into the heart by Duplass and Plaza .
Have you ever wondered what mumblecore sci-fi would look like ? Wonder no more .
Rather than trying to beat Hollywood at its own game of high-tech gadgets and weaponry , director Colin Trevorrow and writer Derek Connolly achieve a sly mix of the insane and the mundane .
A character-driven piece about regret and true partnership - our basic , primal need for someone to take the journey with us even if safety is not guaranteed .
Aubrey Plaza is the best thing about this iffy mock-sci-fi doohickey .
As a hipster rom-com about people trying to shake off their pasts to make present-day connections , it 's pretty satisfying .
A strange , light-hearted bit of quasi-sci-fi , with no small amount of heart .
Neatly , the script embarks on one journey while dangling the possibility of another : the prospect of taking a sudden leap from comic reality into the realm of pure imagination .
`` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is most vibrant and vital at its edges , in the way that the characters interact with each other while waiting for something to happen .
The material is played mostly for laughs and succeeds in that regard . The undercurrent of lament in Safety Not Guaranteed , though , is what holds the film together .
It 's brisk and assured and never begs the audience 's indulgence . No time is wasted . The movie is , at every moment , either funny or pushing the story forward , or both .
The film is modest but skillful and heartfelt , spiced just so by Plaza and company .
Safety Not Guaranteed casts an enchanting spell from its opening scene .
If safety is n't guaranteed by the film 's title , a viewer 's satisfaction with this genial , warm-hearted movie pretty much can be .
One central recasting and brutal editorial session away from being a lovely little short film , where its mystery and sentiment is more easily controlled and considered .
With its well-constructed screenplay , sharp dialogue and unapologetic sincerity , this first feature from former SNL interns Colin Trevorrow and Derek Connolly is its own act of nostalgia ...
Expectedly funny but unexpectedly touching , too .
A confident , quick-witted romantic comedy that is a giddy joy from start to finish .
A pleasantly ramshackle affair balanced uniquely between the crass and the sweet .
The film almost spirals out of control when some overtly conceptual elements are introduced to the plot , but there 's enough conviction in the performances to keep them tolerable .
It should work for either fans of quirky romcoms or Aubrey Plaza .
A charming movie that blends comedy , romance and science fiction -- not necessarily the most obvious combination of genres , but one that director Colin Trevorrow and writer Derek Connolly manage with assured ease .
Around every corner is a scene we do n't expect , a joke we have n't heard -LRB- plus some inspired visual gags -RRB- .
For the right kind of romantic , Safety Not Guaranteed offers pure outsider catharsis .
Safety Not Guaranteed rewards those willing to ditch cynicism for a playful world where anything is possible .
`` Safety Not Guaranteed '' not only has dialogue that 's about something , but characters who have some depth and dimension .
`` Charming '' and `` sweet '' are two words that can be applied to this movie , which is considerably gentler than the R-rating might imply .
... aspires mostly to nonchalance .
A tame indie with sci-fi leanings that nearly gets by on Aubrey Plaza 's unique charms .
A slight , wistful comedy that , at least up to the ambitious but unsatisfying final scenes , combines sci-fi and rom-com to pleasing effect .
If you like low-key , offbeat comedies , consider it a must-see . ` Safety Not Guaranteed ' covers interesting ground , literally speaking , in Washington state , which gives it a fresh look and feel . It 's also extremely well cast .
Uses a target of modern day cynicism to tell a story about the importance of rejecting modern day cynicism .
Though Safety Not Guaranteed is comfortable and pleasing , it 's also amazingly fresh , concentrating on its characters and emotions rather than on a collection of visual effects , genre staples , or gratuitous thrills .
Make no mistake -- Plaza is a real talent . Talented enough to deserve better material than Safety Not Guaranteed .
Big Bang Theory fans -LSB- should -RSB- transport ... to a similarly charming story of endearing nerds and the practical companions drawn into their skewed orbit .
... a quirky yet heartfelt time-travel comedy with plenty of low-budget charm .
Not a sci-fi movie but a droll , totally charming , un-hokey romantic comedy about two misfits . The film belongs to Aubrey Plaza 's deadpan , touching , understated performance .
Connolly ... goes beyond indie clichés to understand these characters , find their humanity and make us feel for them .
Because nothing plays out as anticipated , this off-balance project comes fully alive on screen in a way a written summary ca n't capture .
`` Safety Not Guaranteed '' won the Waldo Salt screenwriting award at the Sundance Film Festival , and it is a small-scale winner .
Part road movie , part romance , part coming-of-age comedy and part something entirely its own , `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is an unexpected pleasure .
The clever but confused `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is loosely inspired by a classified ad , ostensibly seeking a partner for a trip back in time , which became a minor Internet sensation a few years back .
Sometimes a movie comes out of nowhere and wins you over . Safety Not Guaranteed is that kind of unexpected gift .
By tying it back to characters that do n't seem popped from any too-familiar mold , the film allows its sense of regret , its alarm at time passing , to feel earned .
Touching , generous , sweet , this little slip of a movie puts you under some kind of spell .
Delightful proof that money and fame have nothing on ingenuity and wit , `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' is worth a million meaningless blockbusters . Even if it cost millions less than any one of them .
Movies with a voice as strong , strange , smart and yes , sincere as `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' deserve to be heard .
Substituting charm , and sometimes quirk , for special effects , the no-budget time-travel caper Safety Not Guaranteed squeaks by on goodwill and guarded expectations .
Safety Not Guaranteed is a fable of `` redemption , '' and it 's too tidy by half , but it is also very sweetly told .
You have to admire the fact that , rather than turning to the safety of snark , this little movie sticks to its big idea : All you got ta do is believe .
Quirky sci-fi comedy wears its heart on its sleeve as it plays tricks with time .
Alas , a sophisticated trajectory is cut short for an outcome that 's cringingly earnest .
As indie-film nerd-mances go , this one is genuinely sweet .
Cocooned in so-hip-it-hurts smugness , these faux-fairy tales perpetuate the sophomoric notion that deadpan quirk and snark are just cover for all that 's really warm and cuddly and true .
Celebrates the idea of taking a chance and accepting the unexpected , in ways that are quietly funny .
The film sadly turns cloying and queasy .
Magic realism takes hold in newbie director Colin Trevorrow 's confident romantic comedy .
More focused on emotion than adventure , it teases out the possibilities and perils of time travel without embroiling itself in the confusion inherent to the subject .
A fun-filled , feel-good journey ...
Has a terrific cast and laughs throughout .
A wonder-inducing combo of time travel and romantic comedy that tickles the funny bone and provokes thought about the different dimensions of time .
Most remarkable is the way the entire film seems so effortless , carrying us off on an adventure we never want to end .
A hugely enjoyable , frequently hilarious comedy with a brilliant script , an inspired premise , likeable characters and a star-making central performance from Aubrey Plaza .
A character-driven dramedy with equal parts humor and heart , Safety Not Guaranteed is a magical film about the human spirit whose charm is impossible to ignore .
It 's like this film almost sneaks up on you as you 're watching it . At first it 's just quirky/cute , but it becomes much more . Mark Duplass gives his best performance .
Wonderful performances across the board ; fantastic chemistry between Plaza and Duplass .
Safety Not Guaranteed succeeds on its own merits by adapting our expectations towards more basic ideas of human nature rather than the fantastical sci-fi notions of the mind .
A big win for everyone involved , Safety Not Guaranteed is especially exciting for fans of Aubrey Plaza , who proves she 's good for more than snarky scene-stealing and can actually carry a film .
Totally charming . Aubrey Plaza and Mark Duplass make a wonderful pair . This has real sleeper potential .
... addresses the current generation of maturing adults who are all but emotionally homeless . Despite the story zipping forward with its sillier intentions , the underlying angst effectively resonates .
Duplass and Plaza have lovely chemistry that 's quite nice to watch unfold and they put in a pair of great performances
There 's a charge in watching a filmmaker take the kind of chances Trevorrow does , and pull it off ... ` Safety Not Guaranteed ' is a genuine original .
An oddly effective little charmer , `` Safety Not Guaranteed '' ekes out a victory over so much of its indie-darling competition simply by following through on the ideas it introduces .
A small movie with a big heart , Safety Not Guaranteed is a sci-fi-tinged oddball comedy about love as the ultimate risky adventure .


@highlight

Safety Not Guaranteed 's ostensibly modest ambitions are outmatched by the movie 's strong performances , beguiling charm , and heartfelt story .