You 've heard about geeks who collect all sorts of weird things , but frozen TV dinners ?
The jokes are all the same joke , and it wears thin over the course of 80 minutes .
This is an often hilarious and painfully on-target mockumentary about people who are pulled into special interest cults like `` Star Trek '' or , in this case , frozen entree fandom .
What we 're left with is a movie filled with cultural gags that mock without achieving the level of good satire . Sometimes , alas , being funny just is n't enough .
Never Been Thawed displays moments of cleverness but not enough to sustain its feature-length running time .
When the film works , it works well , and there should be enough novel material to satisfy fans of the mockumentary subgenre .
It 's just hilarious enough to overcome its limitations -- and even , occasionally , make them part of its unforgiving worldview .
Wickedly funny and subversive .
The Hungry Man deluxe of frozen entree mocumentaries , Anders and LeVinus break the seal on freshness with the sleeper slacker comedy of the year .
Never Been Thawed has no stylistic flair and little forward momentum , yet nearly every scene contains an amusing bit of business , much of it off to the side of the main action .
Painfully unfunny .
Satire requires a lighter touch and less reliance on vulgar language for shock effect .
Essentially an exercise in the humor of hypocrisy and sketch comedy woven into a coherent whole .
Think twice before sampling this lukewarm fare .
Propelled by astute , straight-faced performances , this deadpan fake documentary about a group of dorky frozen-food collectors succeeds in stirring up some maniacal laughs .
Comes off as lame and unfocused as its draggy dramatis personae .
Passably offbeat .
Like a torturously long , slapdash joke delivered by a snarky Sunday school student determined to piss off his devout elders .
NBT : Never Been Thawed works your funny bone like a speed bag for its entire 87-minute running time .
Essentially one long goof , but it 's a well-executed goof and a pretty fearless one at that .
Never Been Thawed is a fantastic little mockumentary , and a movie it was an absolute joy to discover .




@highlight

Pokes fun at the obsessive personalities that make up peculiar American subcultures , but misses its targets too often to be more than merely passable .