Unsane , at its core , is truly one of the finest thrillers out there in the market today .
The plot does n't hold up to a ton of scrutiny ? Fine . But while it 's moving , it 's a heck of a ride .
Soderbergh has taken some potentially very taboo subject matters and given them a formally inventive twist and provocative narrative shell .
The fact is feels so real makes the scenario even more ominous .
Offering up a very different persona from The Crown 's Elizabeth Windsor , Foy is a revelation as Sawyer struggles to stay sane and alive in a Kafka-esque nightmare .
-LSB- Steven Soderbergh -RSB- has a knack for making tired genres feel fresh and he brings that magic here .
It 's a nightmarish trip into a mental hospital that has echoes of One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest but is never as high-minded about where it goes .
Unsane is not much more than potentially dangerous boilerplate designed to make people fear the mental health profession .
It 's hard to know why Steven Soderbergh made Unsane , which is not to say it 's not worth seeing .
Its stalker logic feels real and converges its form with its content : medical industry connivances conspire with the perversion of romantic love
Real or fabrication ? Plaiting themes of obsession and control into an intriguing package of psychological mind games , this electric thriller from Steven Soderbergh is a ripper.http : / / www.urbancinefile.com.au/home/view.asp?a=23163&s=Reviews
At times the film is a darkly comedic glimpse into the treatment of the mentally ill , including Juno Temple as Sawyer 's vicious and crude bunkmate , Violet , and Jay Pharaoh as Nate , the only patient sympathetic to her argument .
It 's a clever film . And for all Soderbergh 's reservations about Hollywood , it 's also confirmation of his mastery of its assorted genres , although he does suffer from an urge to see if he can juggle them all at the same time .
The nightmare scenario of being wrongly locked up in prison or , worse still , a mental asylum gets a good going over by writer/director/cinematographer Stephen Soderbergh in a nifty little shocker that plays like an extended episode of The Twilight Zone .
The rustic , stressfully up-close shooting style of director Steven Soderbergh -LRB- Logan Lucky -RRB- does work over the viewer good and proper .
For a movie touted as a psychological thriller , Unsane is hardly scary or thrilling .
Gripping , successfully suspenseful , it 'll keep you on the edge of your seat , but it 'll also probably be remembered in a few years as `` That iPhone movie that Steven Sod knocked together for fun between productions after un-retiring . ''
Not since Michael Powell 's Peeping Tom has the camera felt like an actual weapon , with us sitting on the incriminating side .
Yes , Unsane is rather silly - but thriller lovers can have fun with it .
Once it becomes a more standard thriller , its sickening jolts have a queasily programmatic aftertaste .
Unsane gets a little goofy in parts and the film would have reaped many more chills if it remained fettered to the realism inherent in the lo-fi filmmaking conceit , but overall , Soderbergh has another minor masterpiece on his hands .
Unsane 's biggest shock does n't spring from anything in its narrative , even when the film toys with reality . Instead , what 's truly astonishing about the picture is how effectively it relays its perspective .
Experimental and absurdly contrived , it evokes a creepy kind of claustrophobic suspense .
Unsane has other things going for it , among them a terrific performance by Claire Foy as Sawyer Valentini ... And like the best genre movies , Unsane is topical .
Soderbergh 's iPhone opus is a worthy addition to the longstanding but problematic mental health thriller subgenre .
Despite some storytelling flaws , Unsane is ultimately suspenseful , terrifying , and rather haunting .
It seems only right that the artist who came to fame with `` sex , lies , and videotape '' 30 years ago would make this particular act of cinematic revolution .
There were times when I thought it was bizarre or a little crazy ... but overall I enjoyed watching this movie . It 's a fun experience and not too long .
There is a dark undertone that is fascinating ... the cast that surrounds Foy is great in this movie ... I like when movies affect me emotionally .
Devilish fun that comes with a welcome side-order of B-movie ridiculousness .
Like too many of his looser films , Unsane could have profited from a bit more polishing . The film about the false imprisonment is terrific . The other film is really not very good at all . That will have to do for now . That will have to do for now .
A timeless story about how the whole world is a potential threat to women , and even the smallest interactions can be loaded with unbearable consequences .
Confident and creepy and agreeably sleazy , Steven Soderbergh 's businesswoman-in-peril Unsane is his `` Schlock Corridor , '' getting feisty and trashy and brazen ...
An interesting plot plus a sharp performance by Claire Foy elevates this movie above the average .
Narrative improbabilities abound in Unsane , but these mostly work in the interest of the is-she-or-isn ` t-she game the movie plays with its harried , suspected-mad main character .
So instead of a scintillating psychological study , Unsane becomes a tawdry , all-too-predictable woman-in-peril story .
Hung up on a cinematography gimmick that never comes within a mile of justifying itself , and too ramshackle as a script to work in spite of that gimmick .
Intense Foy salvages `` Unsane ''
The formal playfulness may occasionally undermine Unsane 's narrative tension , but it keeps the movie engaging on a visual level .
With equal splashes of wit and gore , this cool , nasty little thriller fearlessly exploits up-to-date strains of social and sexual paranoia .
A deliciously nasty little thriller with a ragged , low-budget edge .
Above all , he revels , with palpable joy , in his repertory of distorted , disturbing , lurid yet lucid images , making a furious movie that signifies nothing but the irrepressible vitality of the cinema itself . Soderbergh 's experiment is a success .
Visually , the results are n't pretty , but they 're interesting . On the level of narrative and tone , the movie is a mess .
Steven Soderbergh 's Unsane is a down and dirty psychological horror-thriller that 's as grungy and as unhinged as it is focused and intelligent .
The best one can say about Soderbergh 's failed experiment is it 's probably the most attractive film ever shot with a phone .
Shrewd , exasperating psychological thriller ... Has some heft to it but does n't live up to its full potential .
Steven Soderbergh 's iPhone horror picture is a throwback to the angry 16 mm exploitation cinema of old .
A serious movie about mental disorder and the insurance business would be ten times clammier and more disturbing than `` Unsane . ''
When you first start watching , you 'll think it all looks a bit grungy . But the fuzzy feel is deliberate , and greatly enhances the paranoia of a thriller that has the sleazy power of Alfred Hitchcock 's later films .
A dark , constantly shifting production that even Hitchcock would enjoy .
It gets under your skin , thanks to its spidery cinematography and Foy 's performance , with its alternating gusts of fury and fragility , its freakouts and breakdowns .
Foy , herself , does remain in control of a role that quickly - and believably - gets her committed to a mental unit , yet somehow easily rides the tricky line that keeps the audience guessing about her sanity .
Soderbergh was so enamoured by the core set up that he did n't really give a **** whether it made sense or not .
Just because some of the characters struggle with basic logic , it does n't mean the film should .
... the movie has thin sinews of comedy running through that bloody thriller flesh : There 's something absurd and out-of-place about the whole experience . Whether you like it or not , you 're the captive of Soderbergh , and the many disordered personalities .
Unsane is not quite unsettling enough to get under the skin nor is it pulpy enough to elicit so-bad-it 's - good glee , but it 's a fast-paced and well-acted thriller .
It 's an incredibly stressful watch and articulates the daily fear and scepticism many women have to endure in a way I 'd never seen before , or at the very least not fully appreciated .
And when I mean dumb , I mean ' A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 : Dream Warriors ' - level dumb .
Most Soderbergh films are worth seeing , and this one is no exception .
Knowing that some of cinema 's greatest performances are in B-movies , Soderbergh turns Unsane into a vehicle for Foy 's ferocious presence .
Entertaining grand guignol nonsense that is not to be taken seriously .
Unsane concocts too much that distracts from legitimate fears .
In 2018 , the questions women are asking of art like this are : What exactly are we being asked to consume , and why do we need to sit through it ? The answer is , we do n't .
It 's not going to change the way films are made , as perhaps Soderbergh thinks , but it 's an interesting movie ... he is always an engaging director .
Foy is excellent in a demanding role , and she brings viewers with her on a complex , emotionally knotty journey .
Although the ending is generic and needlessly protracted , the production as a whole is suspenseful - full of diabolical little twists as it ventures deep into an uncomfortable territory using the trail blazed by Misery .
Regardless of how I might have tinkered with the script to keep the uncertainty going as long as possible , what 's present works well enough . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , Sexual Content , etc. - also Available -RRB-
Through it all , Claire Foy kills . In more ways than one .
Unsane just feels unsatisfying .
... turns into a mediocre saga about mental illness and female empowerment that lacks sufficient depth and context to resonate beyond a few surface thrills .
With Unsane , Soderbergh continues to explore the limitations and capabilities of digital images but this time the underlying anxiety has decidedly shifted .
Unsane is easy to treat like a parlor trick , a movie more interesting for how Soderbergh is trying to disrupt the Hollywood system than for how entertaining it is . But it 's Unsane 's allergy to bigness that liberates it .
Foy sells her character 's unsteady combination of anger and fragility . You 're never sure if she 's going to break , but you know that if it happens the shrapnel will be dangerous .
You could summarize `` Unsane '' as Steven Soderbergh screwing around , and you would n't be wrong .
Unsane may not be as vibrant or formally impressive as Logan Lucky , but it 's all the more invigorated by the passions that put this filmmaker on our radar in the first place .
If it is n't a major Soderbergh opus by any means , it will certain do until the next one eventually does come along .
Narrative issues aside , -LSB- Claire -RSB- Foy 's brilliance and the strength of -LSB- Steven -RSB- Soderbergh 's vision make Unsane a worthy take on the psychothriller subgenre .
Is Unsane the Get Out of the #MeToo movement ? It just might be . Steven Soderbergh 's neo-Snake Pit/Shock Corridor is a cinema resonant film for our times .
I accidentally put the title of this on my calendar as Unseen . Turns out to be prophetic . Love Soderbergh but wish I could follow my mistaken title and unsee this one .
Soderbergh phones it in .
Disturbing violence , swearing in Soderbergh thriller .
Foy owns this intimate , claustrophobic film , which at its heart is about the universal fear -LRB- especially for women , doubly so for ones seeking protection from manipulative men -RRB- of telling your story and not being believed .
A Hitchcockian stunt , more interesting for its gimmick than any suspense it provides .
Steven Soderbergh again splits a difference between genre mess-around and meaningfully mining modern anxieties . And while he 's hardly the first to make a film on an iPhone , his visuals feel dangerous - familiar yet foreign , like smuggled contraband .
Steven Soderbergh 's most entertaining movie in ages ...
Visually , it 's not as ravishing as Tangerine ; Soderbergh prefers enervating interiors , oblique angles and drab colours to accentuate the hellish predicament of Foy 's character , Sawyer Valentini .
Ultimately , Unsane takes on the gleeful pace of a slasher pic , and even provides a meaty role , as Sawyer 's concerned mom , for Amy Irving , an Oscar-nominated actress well-acquainted with cinematic suspense .
By churning out a secret , no-stakes genre thriller with dirt-cheap equipment and malnourished production design , the director is living a reverse Ocean 's Eleven : He thought he was out of the game , until the world 's tiniest score showed up at his door .
If you think Steven Soderbergh is talented with a movie camera , you should see what he does with a cellphone in Unsane .
Soderbergh is one of the most dexterous directors working in the American mainstream , and he has a sly talent for lacing even a seemingly disposable genre offering with smart , incisive ideas .
I do n't imagine that Unsane will be a major box-office performer , but it serves as a clear announcement that Foy is more than a regal presence .
Claire Foy is superb in Steven Soderbergh 's timely and frightening stalker thriller . Plus it was all impressively shot on an iphone !
` Unsane ' is so skilled and so confident in its look and its performances and its story , and so much twisted , wicked fun , that I ca n't fault it too much .
-LSB- T -RSB- he underlying concerns of Unsane are far more engrossing than the story 's ways of touching upon them .
Apart from one dubious scene in a padded cell , Unsane is hugely entertaining and crazy good , one of the best psycho-thrillers I 've seen in years .
A succession of misadventures and misunderstandings , without which there would be no plot , land Sawyer in a psychiatric hospital , which is just as clearly the worst possible place for someone who keeps insisting on her sanity .
Unsane is a creepy little thriller , with a concept that could terrify just about anybody , and a plot that wobbles but ultimately stays on the rails .
Unsane is a decent thrill ride that messes with your head just enough to make you question your own sanity for a moment or two .
Soderbergh ... revels in the digital challenge of exploiting new technology to craft a social horror film that examines how that very technology can be both beneficial and catastrophic to our wellbeing .
Unsane starts out as a psychological thriller and then moves into the B-movie physical realm with gusto .
As written by Jonathan Bernstein and James Greer , the film can feel like 98 minutes of mansplaining , and it is thematically messy , as it throws so much else into the pot , like the American private healthcare racket .
Unsane ingeniously maps out fresh territory in a well-trodden field .
Even at a mere 97 minutes , Unsane feels long , though it 's never less than compelling thanks to Foy . Things do get murder-y , which is somewhat of a surprise at first but eventually feels like a natural progression .
Soderbergh - operating as his own cinematographer and editor - keeps it watchable and interesting throughout , shooting on an iPhone for a flattened , slightly unrealistic look and letting Foy play the entire range of Sawyer 's experience .
Despite some teasing it 's obvious who 's who and what 's what ; but if the story holds next to no surprises , it does unload some brutally ugly shocks .
Despite all those curiosity-piquing tags , the result 's a muddled mix of great performances , edgy atmosphere and infuriating `` is this really happening '' plot twists .
This boilerplate thriller will never be mistaken for a minor Alfred Hitchcock project , but Soderbergh joyously knocks out this cheesy quickie .
In a grimy , rather ugly way , ` Unsane ' is effective , but it 's also unpleasant and shrill . It settles for coarse , obvious thriller clichés , with narrative twists that turn out to be remarkably unsurprising .
It 's all a bit bonkers , though nothing if not timely .
Soderbergh 's less interested in her diagnoses - may I suggest `` pogonophobia , '' the fear of facial hair - then her plummet down the rabbit hole from office cubicle to basement padded cell .
It all adds up to yet another low-key winner for Soderbergh ... Do n't let Unsane go unseen .
This is a relentless anxiety-drencher that is effective to a deeply disturbing degree . It 's not just gripping . It 's strangulating .
The story is n't going to keep you up nights the way a truly good horror movie should , but it 's more than just an interesting experiment . Not a lot more , but more .
It 's not Soderbergh 's best work , but there is a well executed cat and mouse game between Sawyer and her stalker that will get pulses pounding , and Foy is so awfully good in the role that she makes the film much better than expected .
Unsane begins as a compelling psychological thriller before descending into pantomime drama , at times brilliant but overall lacking .
When a movie 's written one way and filmed an entirely different way , and there 's a distinct , stubborn sensibility behind the smartphone lens , at least you get a whatzit that is n't like anything else currently on offer .
Worth seeing for its craftsmanship alone .
Director Steven Soderbergh returns to the cinema of anxiety he explored in 2013 's Side Effects . Here , he wraps a lump of toxic masculinity in a thick layer of mental distress and deep fries it in rancid insurance malfeasance ... Nasty and spot-on .
Soderbergh uses , to great effect , techniques any fan of ghost-hunting TV shows will recognize - and all on an iPhone 7 Plus ! He also stays close to the actors , ratcheting up the tension even more .
Steven Soderbergh likes to try a lot of new things as a filmmaker , and working with the iPhone is another innovative step . But his stylistic choices do n't pay off when the script is utterly nonsensical tripe .
Claire Foy is beyond amazing in Unsane ...
Looking for a good , weird little thriller ? Go ahead , give `` Unsane '' a try . You 'd be crazy not to .
The lack of any traditional Hollywood glamour , in any aspect of the filming , from the make-up , to the clothing , to the casting , to the sets , gives everything a good feeling of reality , which is countered by our uncertainty over Sawyer 's grasp of it .
-LSB- Claire -RSB- Foy does a remarkable job keeping us focused on her plight , even as she remains an almost entirely unreliable and unlikable protagonist .
Schlocky and hard to look at , `` Unsane '' will be divisive . Hampered by a hackneyed conclusion , there 's still much to like , but you never forget you 're watching a movie shot on a phone , and that 's a problem .
Steven Soderbergh 's latest stealth release is a high quality refresh of drive-in B pictures set in psych wards -LRB- think `` Do n't Look in the Basement '' or `` Disturbed '' -RRB- and it is a lot of depraved fun .
A pulpy thrill ride that made me audibly gasp .
Soderbergh 's thriller may be going for something allegorical , but the absurdity of the plot stands in the way of a persuasive narrative .
`` Unsane '' is a game , and a nasty one at that , but you can tell Soderbergh and his players are having fun with it .
Transcends its genre , using horror as a skin-crawling vehicle of social criticism that roundly damns sexism , racism , capitalism , and , for good measure , the mis-pronunciation of high-end coffee drinks .
Unsane is rarely the vote of confidence that Apple hoped their iPhones would get as filmmaking tools , even if cinematography is n't always to blame in this predictable case of disturbed paranoia .
A suspenseful and well-acted win for Soderbergh that successfully captures the auteur 's dry tone inside of a twisty psychological thriller .
The film does fly off the rails in its last 20 or so minutes , but it 's Foy and Soderbergh that carry it down to the finish line with the kind of artful director/actress partnership that 's all too rare these days .
`` Unsane '' captures much of the pain , confusion and self-doubt that can follow sexual abuse - and the potentially dire consequences of not heeding a victim 's warnings .
Most of the thrills here come from watching one of our canniest directors perform rattling wheelchair dollies on a waxed hospital floor while over-punctuating video-noisy close-ups and cheesy music cues .
With nods to Samuel Fuller 's classic madhouse thriller Shock Corridor and a low-budget feel that gives the film an added sense of grit , Unsane qualifies as a minor masterpiece .
Very , very bad .
It benefits from a wonderfully fiery performance from Claire Foy in a role a very long way removed from the regal trappings of The Crown .
Watching Stephen Soderbergh 's Unsane is like being locked in a circus cage with a tiger .
An effective Steven Soderbergh psychological thriller with urgent present-day significance .
iPhones for cameras ! It 's a perfect storm of deprivation on themes of deprivation and dysfunctionalism .
Entirely shot on an iPhone , this is a neatly constructed psychiatric ward thriller that bears all the hallmarks of Polanski and Hitchcock at their most playful .
As a piece of craft , this is a smack in the face to Hollywood 's bloated blockbusters . As a piece of pulp , it brings a sharp , smart feminist twist to familiar tropes of cinematic paranoia .
Steven Soderbergh 's B-movie Is a thriller for the #MeToo generation . Claire Foy 's image-shattering performance is something you do n't want to miss . Prepare to be wowed .
`` Unsane '' zooms past its expiration date , resulting in an uneven and unadventurous chiller that only really works when it stabilizes the cinematography and concentrates on the possible unraveling of the lead character .
Unsane is an immediate and timely indictment of the voices we choose to listen to and which ones we ignore .
On the surface , Unsane is a potboiler , a routine stalker thriller . But it works because of how much there is going on within that familiar structure .
Unfolds like a series of furtive , conspiracy-theory videos that have been secretly posted on the internet-a missive from a dark corner of reality .
... has an eerie familiarity that is at once banal and claustrophobic .
`` Unsane '' is shrewdly paced , with quiet interludes that allow the audience to breathe , followed by stretches that escalate right to the edge of a viewer 's endurance .
A nerve-wracking , remarkably timely movie about the unwanted attention women receive from men , and the often-unpleasant consequences of trying to speak up about it .
There 's an intimacy to Soderbergh 's camera that makes so many of the shots feel positively voyeuristic , a la The Conversation .
But the movie denies her any subtext , any personality beyond the boundaries of her trauma . She 's a rat in a maze , and while we 're rooting for her to escape , we do n't have any idea what 's outside it .
Though it bites off more than it can chew , Unsane makes for an effectively creepy and visually experimental B movie psycho-thriller .
Shot on an iPhone 7 Plus and supplemented by drone cameras , this psychological thriller brandishes its slightly warped , fisheye-lensed aesthetic , plunging the viewer into a queasy , disorienting mindset from the start .
Feels like a bit of a lark , but still entertaining and useful in that it pushes low-budget technology further and further .
Gently sliding each piece into place like a carpenter blandly assembling a guillotine , Soderbergh creates something close to the perfect horror movie for our time .
In spite of the somewhat-cheesy climax , I came away admiring Unsane .
This journey into a snake pit , all photographed with an iPhone , teaches a good lesson . If anyone in the `` helping professions '' asks whether you ever contemplated suicide , answer : `` Never . ''
Unsane has a weak script that gives up the goods too soon . That 's a bummer because British actress Claire Foy delivers a dynamite performance .
With a deliberately off-putting aesthetic and a questionable narrative with very little satisfying return , this is an experiment that implodes before the resolve .
Well-made and entertaining , Unsane is the kind of unpretentious fare that almost gives lurid , grand guignol B-movies a good name .
A short , sharp shock of a thriller that demonstrates the versatility and range of both Soderbergh and Foy .
Unsane is sometimes plodding for a movie that has so much going on , but it also has plenty of shocks and as a whole is deeply engrossing .
A raw , lean and abrasively effective thriller from Steven Soderbergh , which features Claire Foy as we 've never seen her before .
Unsane is ridiculously entertaining stuff , chock-full of schlock and fully committed to the atmosphere readily splattered into life by its bravura camerawork .
Unsane traverses the corridors of corrupt policies and paperwork that threaten to cut up and disembowel democracy .
Unsane is funny and wholly disconcerting , not alternately but in tandem , a tension of clashing moods that exaggerate the paranoia and surreality of the plot .
Unsane - which is essentially a b-movie in many respects - is arguably the first psychological horror of the #MeToo era .
That the biggest surprise of the film is not a plot point at all but the appearance of someone famous in a cameo role , speaks volumes .
Made on a budget of only $ 1.2 million , it is technologically startling , classically composed , with rich still frames , wide shots and close-ups , more formally precise than many big-budget studio efforts .
It 's rough , to say the least , and that 's not just a matter of hasty visuals : the whole thing feels provisional and half-hearted , like a scrunched-up charcoal sketch .
... Steven Soderbergh 's genre movie , filmed using the camera on a fruity smartphone , which after a promising beginning is too demented for its own good .
It 's been shot on an iPhone , and it looks like it 's been shot on an iPhone - and that , sadly , is n't a compliment .
An adroit , if occasionally glib study of American paranoia and of some reasonable justifications for feeling paranoid .
In short , it could never be anything but a Soderbergh film , and a particularly delicious one at that .
We 're in schlock corridor here and Soderbergh runs with it , cellphone in hand ; under the buzzing suspense mechanics , however , a cautionary note on the perils of disbelieving women is just audible .
The film has a ragbag of themes including stalking , mental illness and the private medical insurance racket ; these competing ideas cancel each other out and are n't scary .
It 's good to see - now that Soderbergh has returned to movies - that he 's no less experimentally inclined than he was , even on a mainstream project like this .
The hack screenplay by Jonathan Bernstein and James Greer gives the game away far too early , squandering the main thing the movie has going for it .
Even Unsane 's most ridiculous moments coast on the sheer energy of Steven Soderbergh 's aesthetic gamesmanship .
If you 're looking forward to the next inquisitorial , curious Soderbergh joint , once you get past the `` Cool ! He can shoot on an iPhone ! '' thing , there 's not a lot to grab on to .

@highlight

Unsane unleashes Steven Soderbergh 's inner B-movie maestro , wading into timeless psychological thriller territory and giving it a high-tech filmmaking spin .