While this section of the movie can be both moving and powerful , a second storytelling timeline tracking the difficult life facing Jake 's daughter -LRB- played by Amanda Seyfried -RRB- a few decades later is not so successful .
Fathers And Daughters is a mawkish melodrama that , despite a starry cast , has little to recommend it .
I 've always thought Russell Crowe would make a rather crazy but loving dad .
There are no car chases , super heroes or explosions in ` Fathers & Daughters . ' Just lots of bravery , tenderness and tears .
Might as well have been titled `` Daddy Issues : The Movie . ''
Well-acted drama about emotional trauma has sex , drinking .
If it did n't so obviously want to be a Serious Adult Drama , leaned into its own melodrama with zest , it could have been pretty good .
Even as I knew I was being manipulated - and what art does n't manipulate ? - I was moved .
As the movie jounces along on florid pronouncements that overstate the obvious , `` Fathers and Daughters '' defies credibility and insults the intelligence .
Before excess suffocates the movie , there 's a sharp sense of loss that carries significant power , almost able to buttress the entire effort .
`` Fathers and Daughters '' juggles too many plotlines ...
A cloying , on-the-nose family drama that fails to pack an emotional punch .
It 's extremely saccharine and obvious in its progression .
Fathers And Daughters attacks the base urge for sentimental gratification as though it were on a suicide mission .
The word for Fathers and Daughters is anguish-for everyone on the screen and in the audience , too .
Fathers and Daughters would be a far more intriguing film if it painted Katie as something more than a quick psychological study and did n't rely on sexist platitudes .
The film 's weird reformulation of the Electra complex is nothing short of a sexist fantasy of salvation .
A sensitive drama about cutting loose a cumbersome emotional ball and chain .
Sad and soapy .
Despite a starry cast it 's just another cloying sap fest .
Anyone wishing to experience two hours of misery should buy a ticket for Fathers and Daughters .
It 's nice to see Mr. Crowe back , his character is really believable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It wo n't win and Oscar or any awards , but it works if you 're not too picky . The best part is the cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There are so many subplots the narrative gets lost and the characters become uninteresting . A wasted cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
We are facing a manipulator and dramatic film that is saved by its very good cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Good performances that will make you cry , go ahead , it 's healthy once in a while . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gabriele Muccino continues to explore his favorite themes but not with the genuine interest of his early work , now it feels like emotional blackmailing to get the audience crying . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film might be a little corny for some , but it 's a well executed family drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Some nice acting moments trapped in a maudlin , misshapen mess of a movie .
Audiences who well-up at the first sound of a single violin note will find enough to moisten a hankie or two in this lushly packaged , star-heavy soap opera ; cynics , stop reading now .
The spine of this drama is Jake 's relationship with his daughter , but even that seems a bit contrived and saccharine , and overall the film is mired in bathos and cliché .
No matter , as big , gloopy melodramas go , this is a perfectly good time-passer with lashings of actors and acting .
Fathers and Daughters fails to deliver considering the caliber of it 's main cast . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
CLEARLY everyone involved in this OTT drama from Seven Pounds director Gabriele Muccino thinks they 're in something profound , but not even its starry cast can overcome the soap opera levels of cheese .
It 's all laughingly implausible , with Crowe 's character coming across more like Nicholas Sparks than the sort of wordsmith able to craft prose that could compete with the Donna Tarts and Michael Chabons of the world .
Crowe , Rogers and Wallis somehow maintain their dignity throughout this piffle . The same ca n't be said for Seyfried .
The only real pleasure is in the performance of young Kylie Rogers , who acts up a storm . And it 's always nice to see Fonda , looking fabulous at 77 . But this is not a worthy vehicle for any of them .
Fathers And Daughters is a strongly acted but unconvincing drama starring Russell Crowe as a widower struggling to raise his five-year-old daughter Katie in 1989 .
`` I do n't do a movie unless I 'm physically affected by the script , '' says Crowe . Does wanting to throw up count ?
It 's all rather implausible and hugely melodramatic as it milks ham-fisted histrionics from high soap opera . A pitiable excuse for a movie .
It is lines such as `` Men can survive without love but not us women '' that make this film such a stinker .
Fathers and Daughters is a sentimental pile of tosh
If they handed out awards for commitment in the face of screenwriting adversity , this laughably unconvincing wannabe tearjerker would sweep the board .
Both leads give committed performances , but soon drown in overdramatic subplots and platitudes about love .
Muddled , overwrought ...
Russell Crowe `` fell apart '' when reading it , the story goes . He 's not holding it together on screen too well , either .
Russell Crowe as a troubled Pulitzer Prize-winning author is just one of a long list of unconvincing things about this corny , old-fashioned drama .
An A-list guilty pleasure .
Russell Crowe heads a starry , largely overqualified cast in Gabriele Muccino 's treacly , time-hopping family soap opera .
The starry cast convinces amid much melodrama .

@highlight

Fathers and Daughters ' name-brand cast ca n't cover for a screenplay that makes a half-hearted effort at delving into family dynamics but falls back on melodrama .