Yes , Crude talks about the environmental impact of oil exploitation , but it is not just another documentary about this subject ... it is the human perspective that prevails , showing the human cost of each drop of oil we consume . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Well shows how a canny public relations campaign is a key part of legal strategy to even up the odds in the court of world opinion ... But does not get below the surface .
Another interesting film from Joe Berlinger
In a welcome change from many recent documentaries with an activist bent , the director is never seen on camera , never heard on the soundtrack , and does precious little overt editorializing .
This intense documentary tells a hugely important story that 's packed with compelling characters and situations . Although a repetitive structure and a sense of agonising futility conspire to undermine the vital lessons it has to teach us .
Not exactly genre-bending innovation or anything but a decent documentary about an important episode in history of oil company exploitation .
A bleak , necessarily incomplete tale , and suffers from a late intrusion by celebrity eco-botherer Trudi Styler . But with this gripping , angry film , Berlinger has put himself back on the side of the angels .
Although the real-life outcome may be known to some , Crude still , at its best , unfolds like a courtroom thriller .
The Ecuadorians ' fight continues , and their courage is n't to be doubted . Even the much-mocked , much-maligned campaigner Trudie Styler emerges with credit for supporting them .
Structurally a little jumbled , it 's still a worthy addition to the angry eco-doc subgenre .
Gripping and powerful , Crude is documentary journalism as it needs to be . Blissful ignorance stirred with bland apathy is no longer an option .
There 's much speechifying , with no high-octane finale - but that 's near-unavoidable for a case still dragging on amid corrupt politicking .
Berlinger 's purpose is not to cheerlead or show Fajardo rubbing shoulders with celebrity activists like Trudie Styler and Sting , but to highlight how easily money can tilt the scales of justice .
While the current trend in documentaries is to take stories and wrap them into neat little packages , Crude runs merrily against the grain .
Few of these films ever take solid , substantive slices of truth or attestation from both sides . They are always partial , which vitiates the eagerness with which we would , if we could , espouse the cause of downtrodden .
Joe Berlinger 's film is a suitably forensic dissection of an ecological disaster and much less of a crusading piece of polemic than documentaries such as An Inconvenient Truth .
The arguments are batted back and forth , and one 's sympathy for the Ecuadorean side takes only a slight wobble when Trudi Styler gets behind the cause .
A well-balanced documentary all the more incisive for its decision to eschew editorialising and let the evidence speak for itself .
A sturdy , hard-hitting account .
A powerfully emotional documentary that grips like an expert legal thriller - by turns uplifting , suspenseful and utterly devastating , this is likely to be one of the best documentaries of the year .
Crude unfolds like a pretty good legal thriller . Which , when you really think about it , is what this documentary feature is .
` Crude , ' thankfully , brings insight and urgency to an issue that has until recently been ignored
An engrossing case for justice .
A gripping , multifaceted thriller about media politics , global economics , and legal infighting . Wherever your sympathies fall , this may teach you a lot about the way the modern world works .
One has to wonder if oil industry executives are concerned about the release of Joe Berlinger 's damning documentary .
What Crude does best is take us behind the scenes and show in often candid detail how campaigns are waged , tactics decided on and strategies prioritized .
As the film very eloquently implies , when the greater good is defined as profits , and a lack of culpability is proportionate to your number of shareholders , well ... a lot of petroleum-soaked chickens will be coming home to roost .
An elegantly structured , horrifying film that shows the vanishing rainforest may be the least of the Amazon 's worries .
While the audience may see smoking guns in every oily soil sample and every sick kid , Crude is only a progress report of a case that might last until well into the decade , the sordid details of which are still , pardon the pun , spilling out .
At first Crude looks like one more environmental agit-doc intended to outrage and inspire . Director Joe Berlinger is no doctrinaire hack , though .
If you ever had doubts about the impact that celebrities can have on such a David-and-Goliath struggle , Berlinger methodically removes them .
... good documentary filmmaking and an interesting , thought-provoking , subject .
It 's a David-and-Goliath tale , full of anger and disturbing accusation , but it 's also inspiring .
... a better balance of the human element against that of politics and courtrooms would have given the film a stronger emotional hook .
This is n't just a story of right and wrong , it 's a story of money and media and , most of all , spin .
Looking for another reason to leave your car at home ? Go see Crude .
A legal thriller , it 's a three-year investigation into the disaster environmentalists call the `` Amazonian Chernobyl '' that offers both sides of the story and leaves the viewer in the position of jury .
It will certainly remain in your mind the next time you stop for gas .
Crude has all the hallmarks of a John Grisham story - sharp lawyers , raw greed , Big Business behaving badly . The difference is that this David-vs . - Goliath story is no work of fiction .
Berlinger provides a bracing and intelligent look at how such battles are -LRB- and perhaps must be -RRB- fought in a world that 's hardly lacking when it comes to tales of injustice .
Powerful and powerfully upsetting .
No film could convey all the complexities of the case -- what Crude does is air the plaintiffs ' claims and show the lawyers at work .
A heart-wrenching , alarming and brilliantly crafted documentary about Chevron 's desecration of the Ecuadorian Amazon , and the 27-billion dollar law suit in which indigenous peoples seek remediation and justice .
Embedded in the story are enough intriguing characters and moments of high human drama for it to function more like a piece of effective fiction than a work of overwrought agitprop .
A provocative , well-balanced , illuminating and thoroughly engrossing documentary .
A dynamic and dramatic documentary about the David vs. Goliath dimensions of the `` Amazon Chernobyl '' case where indigenous tribal groups are fighting the multinational corporation Chevron .
Here 's a powerhouse of a documentary that makes you feel mad as hell and unwilling to take it anymore .
Berlinger gives a good amount of time to the big oil representatives , but it 's clear that he 's on the side of the people . Aside from that , Crude is a fine work of journalism .
Crude is remarkably clear-eyed in the way it shows how even people on the right side of a cause only succeed if they 're willing to play a little dirty .
The film is fair -LRB- which is different from being objective -RRB- and works hard at representing both points of view . That it 's already been denounced in some quarters is only proof he has the oil companies worried .
Keeps a tight focus on a sprawling topic , condensing three years of production into a narrative that neatly lays out the history of the controversy , the opposing viewpoints and key players
Involving doc about the devastating impact of oil exploration on Ecuador 's rainforest community .
When well-meaning Trudie Styler , founder of Rainforest Foundation -LRB- and Sting 's wife -RRB- , comes on , even Farjardo 's convictions and Berlinger 's early scenes about native culture and ancestry get swept up amidst hubristic hubbub .
Mr. Berlinger has both a strong narrative instinct and a keen eye for incongruous , evocative and powerful images .
Joe Berlinger 's remarkable documentary , Crude , recounts an infuriating litany of South American exploitation , backroom glad-handing , and bureaucratic dead ends .
Crude is both a tribute to human-rights tenacity and a sobering account of the multinational-Moloch greed that can keep justice in limbo .
while Berlinger allows the film to get a little too star-struck , spending less time with the winningly humble patchwork alliance doing the lawsuit 's hard work , Crude at least acknowledges the reason behind this shift
Berlinger does n't counter Chevron 's counter charges with facts and figures . With footage of petrochemical-sludge swamps and babies covered with flaming sores , he does n't especially need to .
A stinging indictment of the huge Chevron corporation , which has been sued for despoiling the Ecuadorian Amazon to the severe detriment of the indigenous population .
It 's impossible to watch this film and not come away with a personal vow never to patronize the Chevron corporation again .
Like `` The Cove '' , this is inspiring and dramatically involving documentary film at its best .
A good cause does not necessarily a fully satisfying movie make .
`` Crude '' is a knock-your-socks-off documentary that will leave you speechless . It 's the best documentary of the year .
A well-balanced and thought-provoking documentary that does n't forget the cinema-going experience needs to entertain as well as educate .


@highlight

Dynamic , tightly arranged , and deliberately provocative , Joe Berlinger 's Crude is a sobering , enraging wake-up call .