But ultimately it 's -LSB- Bruce -RSB- Willis who makes this loopy action movie so endearing ... Nobody dies it better .
It 's an over-the-top spectacle of action violence , and I loved it .
Provided you do n't put too much thought into it and just enjoy the ride , you 'll have a blast .
Ultimately , a passable new Die Hard movie is more than anyone of us ever really expected , and that in itself is worth a jolly old Yippee-Ki-Ay .
Brainless ? Sure . Entertaining ? Yup .
Though it 's mostly entertaining -LRB- if overlong -RRB- , there is a sense that the whole thing has become somewhat rote .
Len Wiseman handles many of the set-pieces with flair and tension .
Live Free or Die Hard needs a sense of joy , a sense that despite the harrowing nature of the situation , there is something entertaining - even to the participants - about the absurdity of the situation ... it does n't have that .
Fred Flinstone in the land of the Jetsons
Pulled off with just the right spatial élan
The Die Hard series was about as animated as Rocky 's face until director Len Wiseman restored it to its kinetic essence ...
Live Free or Die Hard is an over-the-top , fun rampage .
It 's not remotely plausible , but with Willis ' McClane leaping onto the tailfins of passing jet fighters and bringing down helicopters by launching police cars at them , there 's enough stuff blowing up that action fans wo n't mind much .
Live Free or Die Hard is as close as we are going to get to reliving the good old action films of the '80s .
I was actually nervous with all the gunfire and near misses . But then it kept happening over and over again . So instead of being involved , I studied the action sequences .
As more and more movies rely on massive CGI enhancement and Hong Kong choreographed wire-rigged fights , Die Hard revels in good , old-fashioned fist fights and real , immaculately executed stunts .
Its hyperactive 80 's chic action crap and I had a blast just the same ...
The bad guys ' omnipotence at nearly every turn dilutes the film 's suspense .
An enjoyable pop projection of post-9 / 11 anxiety . That said , it also makes you nostalgic for the days when irresponsible action movies did n't have to deal with it .
It is is about as realistic as a Tom & Jerry cartoon , but then again , this is a Die Hard movie ...
Yipee-ki-ay your way past the plot flaws and enjoy the ride .
Overall , given the long interval between films , `` Live Free or Die Hard '' is a pleasant surprise . This may be a `` digital age , '' but `` Die Hard '' is a series that keeps on ticking .
An extremely proud throwback that has the basic decency to steal from the very best .
Esta cuarta entrega de la saga entrega todo lo que promete : acción , acción , sentido del humor y más acción , con un Bruce Willis ideal en el papel que lo lanzó al estrellato .
With an infectious laugh when he blows up the bad guys and the power to stay alive no matter what , Bruce Willis ' John McClane is a welcome sight back in theaters .
One of the surprises of the fourth instalment , apart from how good it is -LRB- who expected that ? -RRB- is that the threat is internal .
With a concept that matches its budget in terms of size and scale , the threat of virtual terrorism is the focus of Die Hard 4.0 , a kick-ass action thriller with electrifying stunts that are as inventive as they are huge
What 's the fourth `` Die Hard '' called ? I keep forgetting . `` Die Hard : With a Pension '' ? `` Die Hardened Arteries '' ? `` Die Laughing '' ?
Pure escapist fiction and has no relation to anything , which if you think about it , and you should n't , is perfectly fine .
Now that this film is here , I 'm going to need to see another `` Die Hard '' flick every three years or so until Willis dies . Hopefully by then they 'll have perfected the art of replicating Willis as a Virtual Actotron 3001 .
Turns out to be that odd sequel that works more often than it does n't .
As clueless about the original 's appeal as the previous two follow-ups .
God must love summer movies , since He designed my nervous system so the frontal lobes could be left idle while the core delights in bursts of pulsing orange fireballs set against an otherwise gun-metal palette . But we must evolve !
Hugely enjoyable action flick that delivers likeable characters , a decent plot , plenty of wisecracks and more breathtakingly ridiculous stunts than you 'll know what to do with .
An over-the-top , fantastically funny action extravaganza that is guaranteed to have you sauntering out of the cinema with a mile-wide grin plastered on your face .
Outside of the numerous action set pieces , what makes Live Free or Die Hard essentially enjoyable is the odd-couple pairing of the immature hacker and the tough cop , who will ... bond and learn to respect each other .
Pesky , durable John McClane manages to show up everywhere and anywhere a key criminal exercise is taking place .
Movie characters like McClane are the Paul Bunyans and John Henrys and Pecos Bills of our age , the stuff of tall tales spun with the technology of an age whose campfires are found in multiplexes with stadium seating .
Everything goes from bad to worse . But McClane keeps coming ... and joking . I had a great time .
The rookie mistakes are legion .
Willis should not be the victim of facile stereotyping . He brings more heart and humor to apocalyptic pulp fiction than any other actor I can think of offhand .
To call this the best Die Hard movie ever made merely acknowledges that Director Len Wiseman simplifies the franchise to its basic elements : Predicament , Villain , Hero , Action .
It might now be time to retire John McClane , but this one last gig is a blast .
The fourth entry in the John McClane series finds Bruce Willis battling a group of high-tech cyber-terrorists who clearly have n't watched an action movie in two decades .
You know how this is going to turn out , you just do n't know what all is going to get blown up in the process ... and it 's still entertaining .
It finds the defining spirit of these films and maintains it about half the time .
Action-packed , ridiculous and fun , here 's another appearance by Bruce Willis as cop John McClane .
... Wiseman proves himself a master of on-screen excitement
Duro de Matar 4.0 cumple con lo que promete : grandes dosis de acción , un héroe del pasado al que siempre es emocionante mirar y un argumento prácticamente inexistente que sirve sólo como sostén de las secuencias cargadas de adrenalina .
More fireworks than any other film this summer . Bruce is back in the one role that fits him like a glove .
Celebrating John 's residual renegadeness , his blue-collar-guy 's irritation at what the state invariably gets wrong , the has it all ways , railing against hi-tech threats , soft bodies , fuzzy thinking , and `` Asian chicks who like to kick people . ''
It 's peppered with thrilling computer-generated action , but there 's still something endearingly old-fashioned about McClane and his bare-knuckled way of dealing with bad guys .
This fourth episode of the Die Hard series , with its plot that seems to have come straight out of Marvel Comics and its preposterous if dynamic action sequences , has only a battered 52-year-old Bruce Willis as John McClane to commend it as a drama .
At least I hope it 's the last . Willis does OK for a middle-aged guy , but as another famous die-hard once said , a man 's got to know his limitations .
The most important thing is that director Len Wiseman stays true to the original formula . He could have gone for showy CGI or tried to be too self-referential . Instead , we get an uncomplicated plot , real stunts and a script which makes the most of Willis .
For the most part , it 's an enjoyable rollercoaster ride featuring lots and lots of explosions and some great special effects . Alas , it 's not up there with the first three movies .
Older , balder . Better
Given Wiseman 's lack of style or guile , Die Hard 4.0 is pining for the freshness JJ Abrams pumped into M : I : 3 . Dopey story , so-so script and mostly ordinary action . It 's the ever-enjoyable Willis that makes it worth your while .
You know where you are with Bruce Willis . Unlike Schwarzenegger , he wo n't be moving into namby-pamby politics any time soon . He differs from Stallone these days in managing not to resemble an aborted experiment at Madame Tussaud 's
Willis was entitled to one more kick-ass action outing . But please , let this be the last . Anything more would be dying soft .
The aesthetic point might be elusive , but that 's Bruce . Like this film , he has little time for detail .
Chasing the ghosts of past glories in the name of product allegiance , Die Hard 4.0 clatters noisily down the lift shaft into oblivion .
It 's less yippe-kay-yay , more yippee-kay-maybe .
Yippee-ki-yay ! Willis still has the goods . Credit to Wiseman , who keeps the thrills coming , and pass the popcorn .
At last ! A real summer movie , the first real satisfying action blockbuster since 28 Weeks Later . -LRB- That was two months ago , for anyone keeping score . -RRB- It recaptures the gruff wit of the first , classic installment , while expanding upon the destructive insa
This attempt to resuscitate the Die Hard franchise , after the passage of 12 years and the remainder of Mr. Willis ' hairline , is surprisingly effective .
the dialogue and one-liners of Die Hard 4 are cheeky and clever , and it proves Bruce Willis still has his game against younger , faster kung-fu maniacs like Maggie Q
The type of ridiculously excessive adventure that summer moviegoing should be about .
Bugs Bunny and the Looney Tunes gang can only wish they could do some of the things John McClane executes so effortlessly here .
Live Free or Die Hard is surprisingly satisfying , largely because it is such an unapologetic throwback to pre-CGI mayhem .
The summer 's best blockbuster , bar none .
As a summer popcorn flick , Live Free or Die Hard delivers the goods .
The rest of the movie ca n't keep up with its truly cracker-jack premise , turning it into a series of action sequences that might sound imaginative but play just as ludicrously as they sound .
He 's commenting on his own indestructibility , for sure , but he 's commenting , too , on the burden of the convention that he be indestructible .
Summer 2007 so far has been one disappointing tent pole sequel after another , but suddenly one comes out of mothballs and really delivers ... entertaining as hell .
Far from the crass , just-for-the-money sequel it appeared to be on paper . It 's a genuine blast .
When Willis whoops his signature ` Yippe-ki-yay ' line , you know McClane 's back with a vengeance .
The kind of funny , exciting , entertaining action film that ` Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End ' was supposed to be .
Action movies do n't get any more mindless than this , but sometimes mindlessness is fun too .
Even when Live Free or Die Hard is at its most outlandish , Willis gives the enterprise a humanist grounding .
No pun intended , but I had a blast watching this film .
`` Did I really just see that ? Did someone really have the balls to do something as utterly stupid as that ?!?!? ''
Willis ' working-class hero gives the mayhem spunky soul and the human touch .
Bruce Willis is back in action to remind moviegoers that spandex-clad superheroes and swashbuckling pirates are no more heroic than a hardened cop .
Disappointingly generic ... slips into last place in the series .
Send John McClane to Iraq . Even the title of ` Live Free or Die Hard ' suggests that Bruce Willis ' supercop is just the one-man troop surge the President needs to restore order to the world 's No. 2 failed state .
If you only see one film this summer , you need to get out more . But make this the one you choose .
a pretty crummy comeback ... -LRB- the -RRB- ridiculous stunts might have been dreamed up by a group of hyperactive 12-year-olds in the midst of a Red Bull binge ; they should not have been staged by filmmakers old enough to know better .
For a summer blockbuster , it delivers the goods . Just , please , no more Die Hard movies , okay ?
The film moved at a clip , never bored me , offered an ` interesting ' enough story-line for me to follow , and again , slam-dunked about half a dozen fun action sequences around the great McLane .
Something about it feels cheap and programmatic compared with the earlier entries in the series .
The superlative action makes up for the glaring plot holes and limp dialogue .
Terrific entertainment , and startlingly shrewd in the bargain , a combination of minimalist performances -- interestingly minimalist -- and maximalist stunts that make you laugh , as you gape , at their thunderous extravagance .
Live Free is an homage to itself -- unpretentious , yet not campy -- a nostalgic and enjoyable thrill ride .
Feels like a throwback to the days of movies before computers , with actual cars blowing up and actual stunt men falling down shafts .
Easily the best in the series since the first one .
I can safely say I 've never seen anything as ridiculous as Live Free or Die Hard .
It is what it is , a slick thriller loaded with over-the-top superhero action .
... it delivers on its promise : explosions , chases , crashes and plenty of thrills .
It will blow the popcorn box out of your hand .
click for full review
Like hooking up with an old girlfriend late one slurry night and realizing all the things that were right about the relationship .
Bruce Willis is still a bada ** and this series might not be dead yet ... I 'm just sayin ' .
Len Wiseman 's movie charges hard and crunches bones with an old-school ethos of hellacious stunts and thrills . John McClane does n't verbalize it as he has , but the yippie-ki-yay is alive in what will be hard to beat as 2007 's best action film .
For an action spectacle movie held together by five or six over-the-top sequences , `` Live Free or Die Hard '' pays off handsomely albeit with a surplus of downtime in between .
At 52 , Mr. Willis may have lost his hair but not his ability to convincingly play an action hero .
Live Free or Die Hard is positively entertaining .
The film 's action does n't disappoint ; if anything , it ups the adrenaline ante considerably .
Four films in the franchise , all of them good . McClane has plenty of life left in him .
I 'd call it a guilty pleasure only I do n't feel any guilt about having enjoyed it so much . It 's a big dumb lug of a film but it has no pretenses about being anything else .
Live Free or Die Hard may be overblown and cartoonish , but it 's also a helluva lot of fun and may become the surprise hit of the summer .
Live Free or Die Hard 's goofy generation-gap gambit pays off decently and proves , again , that nattily dressed terrorists are no match for Willis , the once and future Patron Saint of Bang .
Makes the same sort of fool out of Bruce Willis today as 1960s and '70s old-style flag-waving did of John Wayne decades ago .
None of the scrapes and bruises -LSB- Willis -RSB- sustains are as wince-inducing as the image of his younger self in the first film , padding across broken glass with bare feet . He was human back in 1988 ; now he 's the Terminator .
A lot like the fireworks of the holiday that it 's set on - nothing more than loud , mindless , and , only when the biggest explosions go off , the kind of fun you were hoping for .
An agreeably retro kick ... the main virtue is Willis , who continues to refine his grumpy , balding , blessedly un-Matrix-y mojo . He 's still not too old for this $ % , thank god .
Could a fifty-two year old guy like Willis still have that old magic ? The answer is a resounding ` Yes ! ' ... Hey , sign me up . I 'm ready for Die Hard 5 , and the sooner , the better .
The real intrigue has to do with whether McClane -- ` a Timex watch in a digital age , ' per the lead baddie -LRB- Timothy Olyphant -RRB- -- can log in to 2007 .
Willis ' John McClane , with that sly , sideways smile , is like an old acquaintance you do n't mind running into . He may be older and balder , but he 's none the worse for the wear . And he can still take a punch .
Three movies later , his indestructibility has become something of a joke , and McLane has morphed into a de facto superhero , sure to survive every chopper crash and five-vehicle pile-up .
timely , terrifying , and terrifically entertaining
For 80 minutes or so , Live Free or Die Hard ... shapes up as a spiffy popcorn movie with at least as much emphasis on brains as on muscle .
This is action at its most entertaining and proof that there is a lot of life left in this franchise .
Live Free or Die Hard may work better for an audience that does n't know much about the series than it will for Die Hard die hards , who will be wondering who that impersonator is and what he did with the real John McClane .
Willis ' star power and willingness to mix it up , along with thrilling action sequences , keep Live Free from collapsing into B-movie silliness .
As spectacle goes , this is , ah , spectacular .
This paradox comes with an attendant fallacy : that the best way to solve the static problem is to make the stunts even larger , the bangs even bigger . Wrong : More action just stops the film longer .
It is a movie born to be forgotten-except as something that against your better judgment , you had a pretty good time watching back in the summer of ' 07 .
Like Willis , this franchise is obviously aging , and like Willis , it 's doing so with an oddly brutish grace .
Live Free or Die Hard is indeed a worthy successor to the original -- not perhaps quite as good , but close .
The post-9 / 11 techno-terrorist stuff works , the fights are creative and funny , and Willis is in top form in his career-defining role .
All high octane action and no dialogue . But where 's Hans Gruber ?
If you think you 've seen it all , you have n't . And what 's best is that McClane/Willis enjoys it as much as we do . Yippee ki yay .
Sorry , boys . After two decades , the first film still does more with one skyscraper than Live Free or Die Hard does with an entire country .
It 's a total blast , an exercise in excess that defies logic and plausibility in a fearless effort to entertain .
You can stop cringing at the idea of another Die Hard installment . Bruce Willis nails it in this fourth go-around ...
Like McClane himself , this is an analog movie in a digital world -- proudly outdated , yet guaranteed to get the job done .
Thematically `` Live Free or Die Hard '' is as heavy on high-octave action -LRB- a McTiernan specialty -RRB- as it is on technological mumbo-jumbo , which Wiseman is comfortably at home with .
The film rescues the franchise from irrelevance by returning to what made the original a hit : spectacular set-pieces , brutal action and crisp acting .
Welcome to the new millennium John McClane , where the portions are huge but the quality is n't what it used to be .
First , the good : it 's f*cking Die Hard . John McClane is back and killing improbably large numbers of bad guys while causing extraordinary amounts of property damage .
Wisely , Live Free does n't try to replicate the paranoia or intimidation of the first film ... This time , it 's his unflappable calm that intimidates his brash young opponent , not the other way around .
Willis may be beyond what some consider an action star 's prime . Yet like Clint Eastwood in the drama arena , he just keeps going out there and getting it done at a high level .
We know McClane is going to save the day , but it should n't be a forgone conclusion the minute Olyphant shows up looking like a Starbucks manager on a particularly itchy morning shift .
What I love most about this , and movies that steal from it , is that plausibility is dispensed with early on , and there 's never such thing as Too Much when it comes to piling on the threat or destroying property .
-LSB- Willis -RSB- can handle it ; he 's in great shape for his age , plus he 's been through this sort of thing many millions of dollars before .
There is more carnage in this movie than in any R-rated film I can remember . Really , PG-13 is the new R . They play a sound effect over the MF but you know what he 's saying .
It 's been a while since we 've had something as enjoyably bombastic and explosive as this . It feels like a summer blockbuster : A little dumb , a little smart , and a lot loud .
Willis lumbers through the movie like an angry dinosaur , while Wiseman panders to a generation that was n't even born when the first flick was released . ` Yippie-kay-yay , motherfu - ' -- whoops , ca n't say that one anymore either .
Give director Len Wiseman credit for making the ridiculous -LRB- some might say ` imaginative ' -RRB- retain some semblance of gravity .
Was Die Hard 4 taken ? I know that there are better minds in Hollywood than this that come up with a more appropriate and not so annoying title .
The third weak sequel in a creaky franchise that should have remained dormant .
Suspenseful and rousing and rarely stopping long enough to wear out its welcome . As crowd-pleasing spectacle , Live Free or Die Hard fits the bill .
That 's more than enough for me , and I 'll certainly live free in the knowledge this cinematic everyman still had one more ecstatically exhilarating adventure left in him . Yippee-ki-yay indeed .
Luckily it 's not long before the not so technologically savvy McClane picks up a laptop and uses it to bash someone over the head .
Live Free or Die Hard is everything a fan of the franchise can expect , and more .
Live Free or Die Hard is like the anti-Die Hard , a big , dumb cartoon that makes Bad Boys II seem restrained and realistic .
Provides aficionados of empty-headed action with a surfeit of it . -LSB- But -RSB- this long-gestating third sequel has a lot to live up to , and unfortunately it does n't quite manage .
Like every movie where they blow stuff up , just with some nostalgia thrown in . And so over the top and silly the movie borders on campy . Then , it blows right through the campy border with an 18-wheel semi truck .
In this fourth film , John McClane becomes a retrofitted icon ; unadorned and simple , brutally back-to-basic , he 's an action hero for an America uncomfortable with the rapid changes of the new millennium .
... a pointless and thoroughly misguided sequel that tarnishes the series ' overall effectiveness .
It feels like a Die Hard movie , and that in itself is a tremendous compliment .
Hoorah ! John McClane is back ! Yippee-kai-ay ! Right ? Eh , not so much ... . Live Free does n't feel particularly , you know , Die Hardy ... .
More unpleasant than the notion that Matt 's nationalism and manhood can only be validated with a gun , though , is the misogyny that creeps into Mark Bomback 's script .
This year 's honorary It Could Have Been Worse Award goes to Bruce Willis , who proves nearly as durable as his signature hero , John McClane .
Some originality still exists in action-adventure movies : how about the way an airborne chopper is brought down by colliding with a car ? Great stunts , some wit and humor .
That this implausible stew works as well as it does is in part a tribute to the unlikely but enjoyable rapport that forms between old school McClane and his youthful computer-savvy companion .
-LSB- McClane -RSB- still has the same knack for trouble , the adrenaline-pumping , cheerfully anarchic kind that causes cars to ignite , bodies to fly , eardrums to pop and hearts to race and gladden .
It 's brainlessly exhilarating until the fighter-jet scene , at which point the high-octane idiocy becomes too preposterous to bear ... and there 's still a solid half hour to go .
It has enough mind-blowing stunts to leave audience members walking out and inventing obscenity-laced catchphrases of their own .
There 's still some ` Yippe-ki-yay ' left in this franchise .
If your sense of the credible is n't awfully flexible , you 're the wrong audience for movies like this . The nonsense bounces along at such a breathless clip that most viewers should willingly give the improbabilities a free pass .
Ultimately , Live Free or Die Hard so completely slacks our jaw and so successfully suspends our disbelief that the highest praise goes to the crew of first-class technicians who pulled it off .
As implausible and over-the-top as certain elements are , this is the one big summer movie that 's actually fun . It does n't take itself too seriously , and it features so much action that you do n't really have time to think about plot inconsistencies .
Live Free or Die Hard is the most creative and exciting Die Hard film since the original , though it 's hardly the original 's equal .
The action in this fast-paced , hysterically overproduced and surprisingly entertaining film is as realistic as a Road Runner cartoon .
This time the hype is real . The latest Die Hard film , the first in a dozen years , is the best in the series , an invigorating return to the style of blockbuster that dominated summers back in the early 1990s .
Bruce , Justin , and the screenwriter 's well-worked banter between the two , make all that action add up to a cohesive production that commandingly entertains .
Willis has a firm grip on what has made his character popular for nearly two decades , and maintains a firm hand on the wheel . Like almost everything he drives , he keeps the movie airborne . Yippee-ki-yay .
Step aside Captain Jack . Swing that web the other way , Spidey . You let us down , Silver Surfer . Yes , John McClane just kicked the $ # % # out of all of ya 'll . `` Yippee Ki Yay Mo. . . ! ''
Goofy fun .
Live Free or Die Hard gets the action job done and you better believe that Bruce is still the man .
It 's the movie equivalent of a cop on the eve of retirement : he knows what he has to do , and he gets it done . But his heart is n't really in it anymore .
It 's a pulse-pounding , bad-guy-pummeling exercise in action excess , peppered with bad , bad dialogue .
The most perfect protagonist is always the imperfect protagonist . Leave it to John McClane to bring back the action hero .
If this is living free , you might consider pulling the plug .
Mostly , the flick relies on old-school stunt work rather than computer generated effects .
This fourth installment in the franchise delivers when it comes to kick-butt , action-packed mayhem but bogs down focusing on key characters staring at computer screens , typing madly on keyboards or spouting techno-babble .
At a time when the action genre has come to be dominated by sleek , matte surfaces and set - 'em - and-forget - 'em computerized effects , Live Free or Die Hard seeks to remind viewers of the simple , nostalgic pleasures of watching stuff get blown up .
There 's no point in whining that Die Hard is mindless . That 's like complaining about the sound of people eating popcorn in the theater .
The usual pyrotechnics are intact , the corpses pile up and McClane even gets to spit out his signature battle cry .
It 's loud , yippee-ki-yay explosive , mostly watchable and , unfortunately , almost entirely forgettable after its final bang .
Director Len Wiseman never lets the movie slow down enough for us to think about what 's happening . And he gives us some amusing things to keep us occupied , including one particularly fitting cameo .
Just what we want from this franchise : social commentary !
A solid popcorn picture - primarily because the stunts are spectacular .
Marrying punishing action set-pieces to an unnerving disaster movie scenario , it grips the viewer with vice-like intensity , while never forgetting to revel in its own amiable absurdity .
... a throwback to a time when action movies were measured by the number of cars they crashed .
... there 's still something cinematically satisfying in seeing the veteran street cop McClane plugging along like a dogged boxer against a younger and stronger opponent ...
A solid summer popcorn flick ... it successfully captures the feel of the Die Hard movies with a few cool modern-day twists .
In this fourth film , there 's a zip to the dialogue and a lift to the storytelling that recalls the spark of the original '88 Die Hard .
Tone careens madly from serious peril to action camp and everything in between , but the sheer quantity of often outrageous stunts should help overcome franchise mustiness .
For a pure summer power trip , it 's a decent throwback to the pure-brawn heyday of Willis and Arnold Schwarzenegger , an agreeable respite from today 's cartoonlike ballets of computer-generated action .
As long as you understand that -LSB- LFODH -RSB- is nothing more or less than a three-ring festival of intricate stunts and pyrotechnic effects , punctuated with clown routines , you may not mind that it 's about a half-hour longer than it needs to be .
Stunt work is among the best ever committed to film . There is something very satisfying in this digital age about an action film where CGI does n't overwhelm , actors are in great physical shape and huge spaces are actual sets .
It 's efficient and entertaining , but even more preposterous than the first three films .
The delete button has never been so dangerous , and in such a delightfully daring doomsday software versus pistol packing hardware thriller .
Bring . Back . McTiernan .



@highlight

Live Free or Die Hard may be preposterous , but it 's an efficient , action-packed summer popcorn flick with thrilling stunts and a commanding performance by Bruce Willis . Fans of the previous Die Hard films will not be disappointed .