It 's not a bad story as far as it goes , and says a lot about the strange culture war journalism ... -LSB- but -RSB- no story , no matter how interesting , ca n't do without a little bit of the Hollywood treatment , and `` The Hunting Party '' suffers that in spades .
Features some truly outrageous events ... . But filmmaker Shepard struggles to avoid action and comedy cliches
Adorns its bankrupt inanity in the robes of Importance
There are a lot of movies that do n't deliver on their promise . The Hunting Party is one of them . It 's a disheartening disappointment .
Tense , funny , disturbing and touching from moment one .
The most intriguing parts of this film are contained in the voice-over montage in the beginning and a surprise ending , leaving a lot of filler in the middle .
Ludicrous , bewildering , and largely true -LRB- at least the `` most ridiculous parts '' according to the film 's preface -RRB- , it plays like an adventure story written by Kafka
Gere has so much fun in his role it 's almost unfair that he was paid for his efforts .
The movie is more concerned with mounting big screen infotainment and sidebar issues like the lure of ` that adrenalin rush and nonstop erection of fear and war , ' than making sense of the confounding stage of world history .
a very poor man 's Three Kings , minus the deft mixture of witty satire/raw emotion and solid chemistry amongst the three leads .
The action plot is lousy with cliched suspense scenes of back-road executions halted at the last possible instant .
The magazine piece was convoluted at best , and writer-director Richard Shepard does n't make things much clearer .
Although the film initially plays like breezy fun , it begins to crumble under the weight of lofty ambitions and a scattershot tone .
... the cinematic equivalent of a loud and goofy garage band that has n't quite mastered the art of staying in tune but sometimes hits you right in the happy zone .
Whenever the film threatens to get bogged down in self-seriousness , Shepard quickly retreats to satiric cynicism .
Gere is almost unmatched at portraying wacky characters like Hunt . He is so charismatic that you believe he can charm , manipulate and/or con just about anyone .
True to its word , there are plenty of ludicrous moments in ` The Hunting Party ' , which plays like a buddy adventure film .
By the time the end credits roll , you 're still not sure what kind of movie The Hunting Party is supposed to be , other than just queasy .
It 's a funny , horrible story -LRB- with black humor of the sort many war correspondents write about -RRB- , shot mostly in Croatia and nicely paced .
Writer-director Richard Shepard 's humor is tempered by a deadly serious undercurrent .
Hopefully , The Hunting Party will find the success it needs to keep Shepard making off-center movies because Hollywood does n't always reward hard-to-categorize films like this one .
... The Hunting Party still is a movie worth chasing down .
It has the feel of a bold idea that has been watered down .
The Hunting Party is a complete bust , but the ways in which it fails are interesting .
Set in postwar Bosnia , The Hunting Party is all over the place in tone and seeming intent .
... the subject matter of fugitive war criminals in the former Yugoslavia does n't mix well .
The performances are solid , the settings authentic and the film 's vein of bleak humor refreshing .
... it does make room for the latest , loose-screw character part in the reinvention of Gere 's career .
The Hunting Party has good aim , but just misses .
It 's easy to get lost in the movie 's zingy blend of the serious and the ironic .
When something seems too bizarre to be true , that 's generally how it plays onscreen .
As they say , the difference between movies and real life is that real life does not have to make sense . And that is what it takes to make crazy times real to us in a way that the truth can not convey .
... The Hunting Party derives much of its tension from watching seemingly ` normal ' people doing seriously insane stuff .
On paper , there 's no way that The Hunting Party should work . But onscreen , it defies the odds .
Gere is convincing as a self-destructive has-been desperate for a comeback ; and Howard 's long-suffering but comfortable presence wonderfully balances him . You actually believe these guys could be pals .
A great yarn in the spirit of cynical war pictures like ` Three Kings . '
A spry , surprising and intelligent comedy .
If the director traffics in the realm of black comedy , any attempts to win us over or encourage sympathy or empathy with the rollicking hell-raisers on screen tend to give off a bad odor .
A forgettable contribution to all those movies about tormented , gonzo newsmen , stranded in some hellish outpost -LRB- in this case , Bosnia -RRB- , who drink to drown those terrible memories but are committed to news , news , news .
The movie , based on an Esquire article about a group of reporters who sneaked into Bosnia to catch the nation 's most notorious war criminal , goes so overboard with printing the legend that barely a note of it is feasible .
It 's a testament to the convictions of Gere and Howard that the movie succeeds at all ; without them , The Hunting Party would continually be shooting itself in the foot .
Immersed in cynicism and dark humour , this movie wins us over early on and then holds our attention with a compelling story and a trio of interesting central characters .
wants to cover a lot of ground , but shortchanges most of it .
It 's likely you 've heard that `` war has its bright side , '' but in The Hunting Party , Duck -LRB- Terrence Howard -RRB- speaks with the sort of authority that comes with experience , as if he 's telling you something you do n't know .
A cynical political thriller about reckless TV journalists-turned-bounty hunters , highlighting the absurdity of war .
Politics aside , The Hunting Party is a breezy , occasionally bumpy ride that ultimately becomes a satisfying journey .
All you need to know about The Hunting Party is the film 's opening disclaimer : `` Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true . ''
-LSB- Director -RSB- Shepard strikes just the right absurd , satirical tone until near the end , when he allows the film to wrap up a bit too conveniently .
The Hunting Party combines just the right amount of dark humor and war-is-hell mentality to show what happens when war journalists take matters into their own hands .
... plays like the gonzo journalism version of Hotel Rwanda , with genocide and jokes sharing equal screen time .
A sour , disenchanted war comedy that affects a breezy style , The Hunting Party was originally called Spring Break in Bosnia .
A political statement cloaked in the animal skin of satire , Party is more easily digested as a highly effective acting exercise than a brutal karate-chop to geopolitical-soft minds .
Has a few moments of Hunter Thompsonish comic inspiration , but its vibe feels more untethered by the minute .
-LSB- A -RSB- bitterly funny pill of a flick ...
The Hunting Party is a not dark enough , not comic enough dark comedy about the aftermath of the Serbo-Bosnian War .
The Hunting Party , a misguided espionage spoof directed by Richard Shepard , needlessly insists on the veracity of its plot - -- and that tactic leads to its undoing .
`` The Hunting Party '' is a would-be political satire that paints itself into a corner before leaving a trail of unsightly footprints .
A Wild Hog dumps the motorcycle and goes hunting for a war criminal .
The whole is reasonably diverting , but on the other hand not very special .
Gere and Howard elevate a reality-based thriller into a dynamic character study .
The strength of The Hunting Party is its shaggy-dog quality .
A dismal misfire that attempts to make black comedy out of the adventures of war correspondents and the dirty business of international politics .
The quest might be ridiculous with a different cast of characters , but with these three , it is a delight following them on their impossible journey .
Although Gere and Howard 's characters are invented , they feel the truest of all . They are often more foolhardy than courageous , less brave than simply stubborn . They are not real heroes , in the classic sense . But they are simply real .
The film comes off more like a drunken recollection by a war correspondent than something that might actually have happened .
The opening credit disclaimer for writer-director Richard Shepard 's The Hunting Party -- ` Only the most ridiculous parts of this story are true ' -- did n't help me much . Everything about this political thriller is ridiculous .
The biggest problem with the movie is the tone , which is by turns preachy , silly , mawkish and dark .
The Hunting Party looks chillingly authentic . But it also feels too much like it 's all over the map .
The Hunting Party is a misfired , misguided would-be satire set in postwar Bosnia .
A fast-paced , smart and exciting black comedy that is a wild trip , a nifty mixture of acerbic wit and suspense that would totally absurd if its most incredible parts did n't happen to be true .
Shepard insists that we feel Simon 's pain and empathize with his righteous indignation , as though The Hunting Party were a morality tale or revenge play . It 's not , and there 's the rub .
Tons of fun and definitely worth the price of admission .
The Hunting Party is not a serious film but it handles serious material deftly .
Compared to a great war zone movie about reporters such as Under Fire , The Hunting Party is thin stuff .
A smart and tense diversion , albeit in a vaguely irresponsible way .
A mixture of seriousness and humor that does n't quite gel ... easier to respect for its ambition than to praise for its achievement .
I left feeling a bit uncomfortable , but the fact that Shepard gets away with it at all is a testament to his talent .
Lacking any dramatic credibility or historical authenticity , Shepard 's thriller about the Bosnian wars is a silly , presposterous fantasy that ca n't decide whether it 's about journalism , politics , male camaraderie , or coming-of-age .
Like many of the best movies about war and its lingering echo , The Hunting Party is full of dark humor .
Just brilliant .
Harder to adjust to the humor within the country 's tragedy , but Shepard 's talent and sensibilities as a filmmaker keeps things light and entertaining .
Richard Shepard brings the same obnoxious , flashy style and go-nowhere satirical instincts to The Hunting Party that he applied to The Matador and the pilot episode of ABC 's Ugly Betty .
Unfortunately , Shepard 's approach takes the movie into Jason Bourne territory and away from the black comedy he seemingly wants to make , making the film fall between the cracks in terms of boxoffice appeal .
Alternately glib , superficial and amusing , pic vainly attempts to absorb some degree of Serbian irony into a story that 's unavoidably lessened by its privileged American vantage point .
Shepherd and company have found a way to cast the issues of justice and politics into a minor role , the better to keep us absorbed in the agile Gere/Howard action satire .
He 's telling the story of a post-war Bosnia so ignored by the international community , war criminals are free to list their names in the phone book . You ca n't make stuff like that up . But Shepard makes us think he did .





@highlight

The Hunting Party is tonally awkward : its shifts from dark satire to serious political thriller create an uneven film , despite best efforts from its game leads .