Special offers a unique spin on the superhero template but rarely soars beyond its sly premise .
The quiet-yet-hip tone of the film reminded me a lot of Roger Dodger , another indie film that let 's its script and acting do the talking .
Eccentric , depressing thriller wo n't grab teens ' attention .
Special works as an honest portrait of little people with big dreams even if it remains itself a little movie without a big impact .
I just thought it was a cool indie film with a great leading performance from an actor we do n't usually get to see in a lead .
The premise is intriguing , and the film is occasionally amusing , but it feels stuck between a completely satirical farce and an aching drama .
The sight of him , bloodied but eternally unbowed , in his ridiculous , homemade superhero costume may indeed be totally iconic for true pulp believers .
Take -LSB- s -RSB- a page from the cartoonist Bill Watterson , who noted of the tiger protagonist in his great Calvin & Hobbes , ` The nature of -LSB- the character 's -RSB- reality does n't interest me , and each story goes out of its way to avoid resolving the issue . '
Rappaport does a yeoman 's job in this tonally confused oddity .
It may not be perfect , but this under-the-radar indie from Hal Haberman and Jeremy Passmore is smart enough to leave you glad you found it .
Ultimately it adds little to our understanding of the curious return of the superhero as our paradigmatic pop archetype .
Shot for pennies -- a cash limitation that benefits the production 's creativity and credibility -- this haunting film keeps shifting the ground under our feet
A beautiful metaphor for the desperate need to be important in a world where we rarely make personal connections any more , Special deserves to be seen .
What begins as a mildly amusing indie lark descends into a depressingly unappealing exercise in mico-budget filmmaking .
Its ambitions are limited -- though at 81 minutes , wisely proportioned -- but its heart is in the right place .
A great genre film dissects authentic problems without attempting to supplant them . Reasonably enough , Special belongs to that category with the rest of Magnet 's Six Shooter Series .
Special is an inexplicable downer that favors pathos over satire .
Thanks to Rapaport 's brio in embracing the hero 's drug-induced delusions , the movie is less a failure than a noble experiment gone awry .
Rappaport 's befuddled sincerity has never registered so poignantly , but given its singular premise , for the film to waste an easy opportunity to satirize vigilante do-goodery and pharmaceutical dependence is , well , villainous .
This fantasy battle between good and evil is merely a cute , minor idea with little depth and even less conscious purpose , fit for a 15-minute short rather than a feature-length narrative .
Prankster moviemaking about a superhero duel with p-harm-aceutical barons , certain to make the deadly warnings whispered in all those gleeful drug commercials flooding TV sets across America , to never sound quite the same again .
Special enjoyably toys with some knockabout comedy until it begins to take itself too seriously .
Genuinely original in parts but this works as a comedy only in places .
A good narrative feature with elements of comedy and drama , giving character actor Michael Rapaport a chance to really shine in a complex lead role .
It 's a tonally uncertain , unsatisfying muddle .
Enjoyable comedy drama with a clever premise , some hilarious gags and a great performance from Rapaport .
A surprisingly engaging , provocative little film that 's hard to get out of your head .
Those who call themselves fans of the Rapaport are in for a huge treat , because the veteran character actor delivers one of the strongest performances of his career .
With the often uproarious and always poignant comedy Special , co-screenwriters and directors Jeremy Passmore and Hal Haberman have created a moving and pertinent parable for our medicated times .


@highlight

This quirky indie comedy 's low budget is readily apparent , but it 's elevated by Michael Rapaport 's dedicated performance .