it really tries too hard and has too many jokes that just fall flat
... has been infused with an increasingly desperate sensibility that 's reflected in the film 's almost total lack of genuine laughs ...
for those who would rather step on a tack than sit through another Miracle , this film is a long overdue revival to the spoof genre .
Someone should tell these guys you ca n't score a touchdown throwing lateral passes .
Saying the makers of this film did a half ass job is giving them half of an ass more credit than they deserve .
Throwing one sex joke after another does not a funny movie make.Just look at `` The Comebacks , '' which is supposed to be a spoof of inspirational sports movies but instead is a parade of mostly lame sexual humor .
-LSB- A -RSB- pretty much wit-free utterly uninspired takedown of the spunky-underdogs-beat-the-odds genre .
The fact that The Comebacks makes fun of another sports parody , Dodgeball : A True Underdog Story , does n't make it a good movie , but it does say something about the pilfering , postmodern , post-ironic age of cinema we live in .
... desperately unfunny ...
The Comebacks is probably the worst movie that 's sludged across my professional eyeballs -- worse than Daddy Day Camp , Baby Geniuses 2 , and BloodRayne .
Crude sports spoof too dumbed-down to be funny .
I would n't be surprised if the football player Tom Brady is actually a better filmmaker than the filmmaker Tom Brady .
May not change your life , but it will be funny .
There is no I in `` team , '' but there are three in `` idiotic . '' And idiotic more or less describes the appeal of The Comebacks , a so-stupid-it 's - funny spoof of inspirational sports dramas .
Sports fans -LRB- including those with old head injuries -RRB- are likely to cheer . The rest of us may just go for the long pass .
The dialogue in The Comebacks is bereft of lines that trigger even a snicker .
A resoundingly unfunny sports-movie spoof that should have gone straight to DVD .
So egregiously awful that it not only gives a bad name to parody movies , it gives bad names to each of the individual letters used to form the words `` parody movies . ''
As painful as it sounds .
One of those parody movies that presume that merely making reference to another film constitutes a joke .
The Comebacks displays nothing remotely clever or effective ; rather , it will make you question whether in fact you ever found David Koechner funny in all those Will Ferrell comedies .
As dumb spoofs go , The Comebacks is n't bad . It takes almost every sports movie of the last five years -LRB- Field of Dreams , too -RRB- and blends them into a single slapdash comedy .
Let 's face it , folks ... we need another repetitive spoof movie like a piglet needs dirty fingernails ... never registers beyond aping its lazy connect-the-dots jocularity .
An exceptionally lame genre parody that plumbs depths of ineptitude heretofore charted only by the marginally less abysmal Date Movie .
Keep your head down , your expectations low and , maybe , good things will happen . We repeat : Maybe .
Each scene exists solely to check a sports-movie cliche off the list ; nothing builds .
Composed entirely of gags you might have come up with your friends on a lazy Saturday afternoon drinking beer in a basement .
One of the worst excuses for a mainstream comedy to be found this year ... a loathsome filmgoing experience , created by the brain-dead for the brain-dead .
It 's just embarrassing that this made it into theaters .
Does it surprise anyone in America that a film like The Comebacks sucks ?
There are a few fleeting moments where you may find yourself chuckling , but it 's more out of pity than pleasure .




@highlight

Full of groin-centric humor and tired sports clichés , The Comebacks is poor even by parody movie standards .