Instead of trying to provide insight into this genius 's debilitating madness , Davis prefers to wallow in incoherent and clichéd misery , punctuated by poetically oblique imagery .
Just another artistic sacrifice to life 's ironies , cruelties , and bad filmmakers .
A film of vitality , with imagery as haunting and romantic as it is intense .
No one expected a documentary , but serious art-history students may feel let down .
The real-life Modigliani did indeed live a short , tragic life , but this factually inaccurate , plodding film makes it feel twice as long .
Modigliani is slow , shamefully cliched and disjointed as a cubist portrait .
Thanks to writer-director Mick Davis , the film , like its subject , dies young .
It 's hard to take this oddball movie seriously , right down to the undisguised streetwise-American accent of Andy Garcia as the Italian Jew Amedeo Modigliani .
The best and maybe the only use to be made of the catastrophic screen biography Modigliani is to serve as a textbook outline of how not to film the life of a legendary artist .
It ai n't pretty but you have a choisa : See Modigliani or rent Derek Jarman 's Caravaggio instead .
Sadly , instead of situating the l'amour fou in the artistic ferment of the period -LRB- 1917-1920 -RRB- , Davis twists the period to fit the story .
It is a tidy stack of snapshots , unencumbered by a point of view .
Director Mick Davis shows little if any imagination in presenting the troubled genius or the remarkable Montparnasse art scene of the World War I era , and that 's the real bummer .
Modigliani may have been noted for his drunken volatility and arrogance , but once you get a dozen years or so of Behind the Musics and E! True Hollywood Stories behind you , it 's hard to get worked up about that sort of thing anymore .
Mick Davis ' prosaic art biopic Modigliani is a tiresome , hammy and ultimately annoying portrait of the artist as a young drunk .
Modigliani 's problems lie in its contentment with superficial clichés
A third of it is an episodically disordered string of scenes that coalesce into a narrative . The remaining two thirds is melodrama .
Zylberstein aside , the film rarely comes to life .
Despite some nice shots of scenes converting into well-known art , Modigliani is plainly , badly directed .
A fantastic reminder that the only thing worse than a bad movie is a bad , pretentious movie .
The material is just too familiar and we are given know reason to care if Modigliani lives or dies .
... devoid of emotional resonance , despite a full-bodied performance by Andy Garcia .
Failing to invest famous characters with the depth to break free of a made-for-TV feel , earnest misfire does make one want to read up on the real Modigliani .
Both Modi and Jeanne are genuinely tragic figures . But the movie so trivializes them as adolescents , lacking control of their own emotions , that their tragedy never takes hold .

@highlight

Nearly everyone is miscast in this disjointed and slow-moving portrait of Italian artist Amedeo Modigliani .