It 's about a contest between intelligence strength , leveraged by sleight of hand . The fight is fixed . So is the movie . Deal with it .
It 's a bit disappointing that Redbelt does n't go much beyond a redux of the same-old .
It 's always fun to watch the Mamet stock company springing a trap on an unwary victim .
What threatened to be David Mamet 's most vainglorious misfire since perpetually casting his wife instead turned into samurai noir - an eloquently profane , profanely eloquent eulogy for the purity of martial arts discipline in the face of profit .
A Kickboxer installment that got too big for its breeches
Redbelt seems like a rush job that relies too much on the quick fix . I 'm very willing to suspend my disbelief , but Redbelt becomes outlandish .
This Mametian thriller is worth watching for a terrific performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor , but it 's hard to engage with the story and it loses its way in the final act .
The detail and clear devotion he has for the sport may actually have the effect of distancing the rest of audience from his film .
Redbelt , his latest , is a curious one , a movie that hints at greatness only to retreat , unpardonably , into genre convention .
The Mamet rhythms are pleasingly in place : the repetition-rich dialogue , the head-butting close-ups as men go ego to ego .
Exuding inner calm , Ejiofor is great . But he 's badly let down by director David Mamet , whose contrived script goes to unbelievable lengths to weaken Mike 's resolve .
Not prime , grade-A Mamet , but this meaty martial-arts movie offers heavyweight performances and a deliciously juicy set-up . Things get scrappy in the last act , but you 'll want to see how it all unravels .
David Mamet sets him on the path to righteousness in a collection of contrivances masquerading as a meaningful plot .
Emily Mortimer is impressive as a jittery , unlikable attorney whose impulsive actions trigger Mike 's descent . But it 's Ejiofor 's film all the way .
Ejiofor remains a supremely assured , charismatic presence , though he has his work cut out here . He is pitted against a film with a black belt in pomposity and a gold medal in preening self-regard .
The discipline is remarkable . But this constipated drama , set in a blue-collar corner of Los Angeles , imparts none of the sweat-shop magic .
By no means a classic from David Mamet , Redbelt is authentic enough but fails to dazzle . The casting of Tim Allen is imaginative but too much of the film is underwhelming .
The plotting is contrived , the supporting characters two-dimensional , and the ending slides from predictable to absurd to maudlin .
Not vintage Mamet - the dialogue is n't up to quotable snuff - but it still packs a decent punch thanks to Ejiofor 's solid performance .
Like his other films and plays , Redbelt takes place in the Mamet universe , which only sometimes resembles the world the rest of us live in .
Muscular filmmaking and a riveting central performance make this film worth seeing . Even if the plot itself becomes far too messy to really engage with us , the characters are edgy and enthralling .
Mamet 's dialogue is crisp , invigorated by supporting players -LRB- particularly Mantegna and Jay -RRB- who relish his acerbic wordplay . But for a movie that aims to do for jujitsu what ` Rocky ' did for boxing , ` Redbelt ' taps out before the final bell .
It 's not the characteristically sharp Mamet dialogue that makes Ejiofor effective so much as what he does between the lines : Moments of powerful contemplation and silence .
Although dedicated Mamet fans will recognize many of his usual familiar faces , Redbelt is anything but standard Mamet fare .
Aside from the fact that it 's never a good sign when a keen interest in a particular sport dominating a movie is a must , we 've seen this tale of the virtuous gladiator encircled by ruthless , greedy wolves in countless such sports movies before .
Buoyed by Chiwetel Ejiofor 's terrific lead performance , this drama has more than enough smarts and philosophical underpinnings to compensate for familiarity in other regards .
O filme conta com sua parcela de momentos inspirados , mas Mamet aposta demais em suas reviravoltas habituais sem se preocupar com a lógica da trama ou com os personagens , investindo ainda num final terrivelmente maniqueísta e artificial .
The plot is intriguing enough to keep the audience guessing until the end .
All of the tropes that make Redbelt comfortable and efficient also make it a little too familiar .
So Redbelt poses as an action film but delivers what I would call an anti-action action picture . And by not delivering on expectations , Mamet satisfied me with something else , something much more clever .
Despite the serpentine plot , Ejiofor is so compelling at the center , you root for him to maintain his integrity as nearly everyone around him sells out for a quick buck .
From the very first scene I was completely enthralled by this complex character study .
More Mamet than martial arts
Ghost Dog without the jokes .
What does it profit a man to be the last honorable person in a corrupt world ? That 's the question at the heart of David Mamet 's Redbelt , a meditation on honor and loyalty set against the backdrop of the world of Mixed Martial Arts and Hollywood .
Con builds up on con in David Mamet 's `` Redbelt , '' a story about betrayal , greed , and the fight circuit .
Writer-director David Mamet 's wheel turns , spinning a dense texture of concise characters and deviously effective manipulation .
Mamet dialogue is so cool that it makes even his silly movies worth watching .
David Mamet must have gotten roundhouse kicked in the head to think there was a story worth telling in his latest macho faceoff .
The coincidental plot twists are implausible , as are some of the performances . Sometimes being enigmatic just ins n't as interesting as it should be .
A pretty good picture turned into something like a really good picture by virtue of Chiwetel Ejiofor 's performance .
A David Mamet film to its bones , and that means everything is stripped down as far as it can be , to the point of being casually and unremarkably flawless .
David Mamet combines his famous rat-a-tat dialogue rhythms with a story that he describes as ` American samurai ' . This collaboration of Mamet , Chiwetel Ejiofor and the purity of martial arts join forces for a captivating and one-of-a-kind film experience .
It is not Mamet 's style to tie up all the loose ends . You have to work at earning the enjoyment of his stories .
Not top Mamet , but close enough .
It 's the great performance from Ejiofor that makes this an interesting take on the martial arts genre .
An unnecessarily confusing and convoluted cross of Rocky and The Karate Kid that 's a tad too smart for its own good , given the simple message it is trying to deliver .
It was that kind of a dubious movie , where there is just no escape from its excesses despite its credo being there 's always a way to escape .
If you try to piece the story together , the logic wo n't hold . But trademark Mamet magic happens : requisite razor sharp dialogue , a complicated turn of events , and terrific cast of characters whose performances pop .
What is memorable is the film 's portrait of a man of honor in a sleazy world , possibly a metaphor for the struggle of the artist to stay honorable in a world of backbiting , betrayal and hunger for easy money .
The glue that holds it together is Ejiofor 's muscular performance as a man whose principles may be about to feel the brass knuckles of reality .
Watching Redbelt is like watching a chess game . As Mamet manipulates his characters , it 's involving and occasionally thrilling , but it never makes you feel much .
David Mamet 's take on the trendy new world of mixed martial arts is a gem not quite like anything I 've seen before â '' a smart , absorbing , anti-Hollywood , hypermacho look at what it is to be a true martial artist and a man .
Mamet 's love for the sport comes through in every frame .
It 's neither uninteresting nor unentertaining , but the plot is as threadbare as an old carpet and Mamet 's narrative contortions will leave many viewers scratching their heads .
Ejiofor , a marvelously focused actor whose range and intensity are given a faintly inscrutable edge here , holds the center of the screen .
A fascinating , beautifully acted study in philosophical tension .
Redbelt ranks as one of Mamet 's lesser efforts as writer and director .
Redbelt offers front-row tickets to the fixed cage match between currency and purity , and Mamet lets the audience feel every punch .
In Redbelt , David Mamet enters the realm of sports drama and Rocky-underdog clichÃ -LRB- C -RRB- s and discovers it 's a surprisingly good fit .
Redbelt is screaming for the guidance of someone with enough distance from the subject to mold it into satisfying drama .
Redbelt , David Mamet 's characteristically sinister take on the mixed-martial arts craze , is like a noir , grownup version of The Karate Kid or of the recent featherweight teen MMA drama Never Back Down .
It may be predictable but at least you see it 's trying .
Incompetently made and covered in corn , this is a martial arts movie that makes you yearn for The Karate Kid . Yes , that movie was corny , as well , but at least it was fun . Redbelt is n't fun , just laughable .
So gifted is Mamet as a writer and director that he can fascinate us even when he 's pulling rabbits out of an empty hat .
A sour little 70s-style David Mamet play about the lies , calculations , and ice-cold politics of Hollywood .
While Redbelt may be a character study in search of a movie , that character feels fresh and real .
In the end , Redbelt prevails , just as Terry teaches his students to prevail , but getting there is n't always pretty .
In David Mamet 's universe , the fight is always the issue .
-LSB- David -RSB- Mamet 's latest movie , and one of his more accessible ones ...
Among its other virtues , the film reminds us that Chiwetel Ejiofor is one of the most comfortable , consistently convincing and undervalued actors in movies today .
The combat , even the obligatory big fight , bruises bodies just as painfully as Mamet 's killer words attack the soul .
Ejiofor gives one of the most well-rounded and intriguing turns of the year and carries the entire film to the winner 's circle .
... a mash-up of Mamet 's familiar stylized stories of victims and con men with a conventional sports underdog movie set in the relatively novel world of mixed martial arts fighting
Teeters precariously between Mamet 's typically noirish realm and the kick-ass commercial galaxy , looking not quite at home in either .
Reasonably worthy MMA successor to classic downbeat boxing movies like The Set-up , and tells the same kind of truth - you do what you 're told , or you 're met in the alley by thugs who smash your hand with a brick .
Redbelt 's ultimate Ultimate Fight moment feels sorely lacking .
`` Redbelt '' is a smart and stirring drama in which the intellectual conflicts turn out to be almost as exciting as the more visceral physical ones .
Just when you think -LRB- Mamet -RRB- ca n't plow more storylines into his situations , the slightly bloated script finds room for five or six more .
... a sporadically uneven yet consistently engaging effort that 'll undoubtedly please Mamet 's devoted fans .
A low-key , compact genre film without much showing off .
The thing is , up until the final act the talented filmmaker with the signature rat-a-tat-tat dialogue style almost pulls it off .
By the end of its serpentine even-a-sports-flick-can-house-a-con plot , you may be too busy rolling your eyes to buy into the rabid-fan axiom that even minor Mamet is a treat .
I sounds crazy when you say it - David Mamet writes and directs a martial arts drama - but it 's a superb match of sensibility and genre .
Like everything Mamet touches , whether predominantly comic or dramatic , this stern cautionary tale concerns whom we can trust -LRB- ourselves , if we live by a few simple , honorable rules of conduct -RRB- and whom we can not -LRB- others , especially if they 're in the film
Before it sort of punches itself out in the final few minutes , it 's a surprisingly compelling story about honor and betrayal .
Okay , so it 's only minor Mamet , but , for loyal devotees of the master , like me , it is still sublime . Rich in Mamet 's signature staccato cadence , the dialog is pure poetry .
What holds this rickety contraption together is Ejiofor , who proves himself a genuine , grade-A movie star .
Stripped-down and mean , it honors its character and his artistry .
The only thing that truly gets bloodied is Mamet 's resume .
-LSB- A -RSB- very strong film .
A cornball martial arts movie in Mametspeak ... like a Chuck Norris picture played with the solemnity of a Shakespearean tragedy .
The journey has its charms , but the destination calls to mind Peggy Lee 's `` Is That All There Is ? ''
The longer you trust ... Mamet ... the more you 'll be crushed when the film , which is always teetering on the edge of preposterousness , finally tumbles over that edge .
It 's still basically a boxing picture , not essentially different from dozens of other movies about life in and around what the old time sportswriters used to call ` the squared circle ' . Mamet 's circle is , alas , just a little too square .
Mr. Ejiofor gives a commanding performance , perfectly calibrated in what 's withheld just as much as what 's revealed .
Anchored by a powerful and nuanced performance by Chiwetel Ejiofor , Mamet 's latest writing and directing effort is a compelling drama about the world of martial arts fighting .
The only person bruised by the end of the competition is the audience .
This is n't Mamet at his finest , though , which leaves us with a script that is merely three times as smart as the average feature .
This does seem to be a world Mamet knows well , and every so often we see flashes of the great movie he might have made .
-LSB- A -RSB- contemporary noir with a samurai movie interior , as sincere , plaintive and strangely optimistic a movie as he 's made .
Cerebral as it often may get , Redbelt is the work of a true fan . It 's brought out some of the best in him , and he 's returned the favor to the genre .
Mamet toys with this existential dilemma but his heart -- or fist -- is n't in it .
The movie starts out in muscular , typically Mametian fashion but ca n't sustain that punch due to his less-than-firm handling of the storyline .
... entertaining until the ending that lacks crediblity , which mars what came before but epitomizes a Mamet film .
Even minor Mamet can be a source of major satisfaction , especially with an actor as compelling as Ejiofor in the lead .
Only excels when it treads on familiar Mamet territory ; ultimately suffers from the ridiculous amount of characters and a convoluted plot .
The digression of the film 's setup into an expedited version of The Spanish Prisoner would be less unnerving if what followed did n't turn out to be so irreversibly ridiculous .
-LSB- T -RSB- he film 's intricate plot begins to collapse the moment the lights come up and you begin thinking about the story .
good , smart , manly entertainment .
Redbelt strikes amazing notes of drama and character composition that could only come from the labyrinthine , puckered mind of Mamet .
The director knows this world and the actor makes us care about it . Redbelt requires little more to make good on its promises .
Redbelt , is a satisfying , unexpectedly involving B-movie that owes as much to old Hollywood as to Greek tragedy .
A riveting drama where the ethics and rigorous idealism of a gifted Jiu-Jitsu teacher are challenged .
A superior , sophisticated , and unusually gentle character study where the point is n't the twists , so much as watching how one man 's belief system holds up through them .
Inspired by his interest in mixed martial arts , Mamet 's ode to the samurai spirit quickly bogs down in coincidence-driven plotting that 's only partially offset by a colorful cast of supporting characters .
Compels as a story of the struggles and consequences of being a good , honest man in a world that rarely rewards either attribute .
This scores high on the ass-kickery meter , and what could have been another generic fight film is elevated into a thinking-man 's Rocky by writer-director David Mamet .
Redbelt fails on nearly every level , from its incoherent story line to its threadbare action sequences .
Ill-conceived morality play set in the world of mixed martial arts is clearly a labor of love for writer-director David Mamet . It 's just a labor for the audience .
The final moment , which was probably intended to be poignant , instead feels laughable .
Twists and turns with the best of them , with a story line that comprises so many elements it 's impossible to guess which direction it 's going to head next .
That thing Mamet does he does again with feverish effing commitment in Redbelt , his effing Rocky .
Mamet 's self-seriousness stifles Redbelt 's cinematic potential . It 's so tightly structured it offers no surprises -- especially not the satisfaction of watching action-movie conventions reward a shared sense of morality .
It may be just another Mamet experiment in the limits of dramaturgy , but `` Redbelt '' keeps the audience guessing .
A Gandhi-like martial arts teacher gets hoodwinked by Hollywood .
Solemn and high-handed even when its characters are beating each other to a pulp .
With his 10th feature -- an entertaining tale of high-stakes martial arts -- Mamet has infused the sleight of hand with a measure of two-fisted action .
In the story of a purist-minded jiu-jitsu instructor trying to keep his distance from the vulgar commercialism of arena-style martial arts competition , David Mamet may have found the ideal metaphor for his own relationship with mainstream Hollywood .
So how 's the Mamet Rocky ? Fast . Lively . In your face . Very watchable . And , like its predecessors , so bizarrely convoluted it barely holds together on a narrative level .
Does n't add up to a perfect film , but Mamet 's taste for character integrity keeps you cheering for the moral figure who leads us to redemption , despite the coincidences and the cliche ' - avoidance maneuvers that get him there .
An allegory of what 's wrong with our country ... Mamet has spent the last decade layering popular entertainments with subversive ideas about social politics .
David Mamet may not be the visual stylist that Jean-Pierre Melville was , but in most other respects , his Redbelt is faithfully cast in the tradition of the great French auteur 's Le Samouraï .
Mamet takes up jiu-jitsu with honorable results .
Even allowing for a few slips in pacing and judgment , Mamet is on his game , and that is a sight to see . No con .
Chiwetel Ejiofor 's powerful performance as a jiu-jitsu instructor steeped in the virtues of honor anchors David Mamet 's intriguing film
Mamet has a specific direction mapped out for his main character , but seems to have no idea of how to get there .






@highlight

Mamet 's mixed marital arts morality play weaves between action and intellect but does n't always hit its target .