What could have been a charming and original endeavor becomes tacky and silly .
The songs are bright and beautifully sung , the cast 's naturalism works against the surreality of the concept , and ultimately , the pieces fit together like a dream .
All teen comedies would be this divine were the world Gustafson 's .
This high school reworking of A Midsummer Night 's Dream never really takes flight , but neither is it the preening misfire the first half promises .
Were the World Mine is a charming picture with a very simple message : be who you are , let others be who they are , and we can all be happy . In fact , we might even be fabulous .
Were the World Mine gets by on sheer charm -- and on Gustafson 's inventive direction , Kira Kelly 's elegant cinematography and co-screenwriter Cory James Krueckeberg 's whimsical production design , which works wonders on a limited budget .
Were the World Mine is an independent film that succeeds through the excellent work of a cast and crew whose imagination compensates for budgetary constraints .
Tom Gustafson 's musical fantasia is the gay indie of the year .
Were the World Mine is seriously uneven . If it displays considerable imagination and creativity , it also lapses too often into smug , campy silliness .
Editorial Review Writer-producer-director Tom Gustafson 's musical fantasy Were the World Mine , based on Shakespeare 's A Midsummer Night 's Dream , is mostly delightful .
A diverting Chicago-made export , director and co-writer Tom Gustafson 's gay fantasia on Shakespearean themes is set in a socially stratified private school ruled by the rugby jocks but about to be sent into a tizzy thanks to the magic of Shakespeare .
When the film narrows its focus from big questions addressed through overly broad strokes and instead zooms in on one-on-one interactions and the emotional power of a well-made musical sequence , it taps into a winning sweetness and poignancy .
There are times when it is safe to say that a labor of love is love 's labor lost , and , reader , this is one of them .
So sincere , so earnest in it 's desire that everything work out for the best for everyone , that one can not help but give in to its earnestness and decide to like it , if not love it , despite its few failings .
Were the World Mine follows the teen musical formula but renders its material with admirable lushness and intelligence .
An ambitious gay musical fantasy inspired by A Midsummer Night 's Dream , Tom Gustafson 's Were the World Mine is far better in concept than execution . The shoestring budget hurts .
Were the World Mine , an indie alternative to Disney 's High School Musical franchise , is a small , endearing film .
The material has been playfully updated , made into a parable of gay desire and wish fulfillment , but its significance remains the same , right down to Timothy 's understanding that free will must ultimately be restored .
This picture dares to summon the spirit of the Bard as well as the ghost of Arthur Freed and succeeds as a rousing , warm-hearted spectacle .
The clunky script keeps pulling everything to an earthbound level well below the desired airy realm .
The movie takes the familiar scenarios of high school angst and adolescent crushes and gives them a wonderful musical spin , complete with elaborate sets and choreography .




@highlight

Charming , endearing , and a little clunky , Were the World Mine is an entertaining , if somewhat unnecessary , musical adaptation .