This is a film that 's simultaneously trying too hard and aiming too low .
This movie is action PACKED .
Star Trek Into Darkness finally gives the talented Cumberbatch the chance to show Hollywood what he can do on the big screen , and , boy , does he seize it with both hands .
Darkness never really works as anything because it does n't have any purpose .
Pulling off the trick of being both irreverent and Trekkie-pleasing , JJ Abrams effortlessly orchestrates massive action set pieces , a galaxy of ` cor look at that ' CGI effects and well-modulated character scenes .
Even with his superior technology and an established commitment to innovative storytelling , Abrams might have been overly ambitious when deciding to halfway alter a classic .
Star Trek Into Darkness is a high octane but messily plotted romp , with solid performances papering over plot holes you could pilot a galaxy-class starship through .
The socio-political commentary of ` Star Trek Into Darkness ' is about as sophisticated as you 'd expect from scribes Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtman , who also wrote the first two ` Transformers ' movies .
The film is pretty spectacular , with enthralling action sequences and stellar special effects -LRB- when you can make them out through director J.J. Abrams ' omnipresent lens flares -RRB- .
A well-made , somewhat serious-minded adventure flick is a rare thing , even one that does not seem quite as deliciously new as J.J. Abrams 's 2009 reinvention -- which is merely to say that it is not my new favourite popcorn flick of all time .
At the core of Abrams ' brilliant rebranding , beyond the astute and well-measured use of high-powered special FX , is the inspired casting of Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto as the younger Kirk and Spock .
An exhilarating and often moving addition to the franchise .
Its greatest embarrassment is in trying to steal classic Star Trek moments without having a clue as to why those moments had meaning .
Whilst it arguably lacks the fresh energy of the first outing , Abrams here seems content to make minor tweaks to a winning formula , all the while keeping his sci-fi space opera accessible to all .
Into Darkness is an enjoyably solid effort , but it suffers from a lack of the innovation and inspiration of its predecessor -LRB- or indeed of Abrams 's best work on TV -RRB- .
Apart from the grand set designs , which are stunning and seen through the blue hue of lens flare , the characters are the strongest asset here and are brought to life by the stellar cast .
The film will grab you from the opening shot and not let go .
What Abrams has given us is the gravy without the meat and potatoes .
Ultimately , `` Into Darkness '' is prophetic and profound , vying for a place in the sci-fi Hall of Fame that houses `` Blade Runner '' and , well , the original `` Star Trek . ''
The geeky , bookish old days of Trekkies deciphering every single clue and riddle may remain , but the new Star Trek is more interested in spectacle and digital pageantry , and no one could deny that that is Abrams ' strength .
It 's an agreeable ride and the fact that it treads so little new ground does n't much detract from its pleasures .
Star Trek has always worn its sins on its sleeve , and it 's no different here , delivering pure , self-aware escapism .
The poor movie . It just wears itself right out .
This sorry sequel feels rote and hopelessly derivative , timidly going where we all have already gone before .
J.J. Abrams once again successfully creates a fast-paced summer adventure that audiences should love .
The 9/11-style attack on London at the film 's beginning is followed by backstory upon cover story and bright rhetoric soars and false flags are planted . They darkly wave . Political opportunity is not wasted on ready opportunists .
Star Trek Into Darkness still manages to be an even more enjoyable film than its precursor .
In terms of sheer spectacle , there 's no denying that it delivers . For all the build-up , hype , and hope leading up to the film , it 's just a shame there is n't a whole lot more .
The effects are exhilarating , even in these jaded post-3D days , and there are enough action set-pieces , humour and character development to distract from a plot that is n't exactly sci-fi 's final frontier .
J.J. Abrams ' Star Trek Into Darkness is a bigger and much louder sequel , which sacrifices brains and character building for expensive spectacle .
Cumberbatch , with his otherworldly aura of menace and basso profundo rumble of voice , makes a worthy and memorable Big Bad in the annals of Trek lore .
It 's generally a lot of fun , but it 's exhausting , and the busyness only somewhat disguises the fact that the story does n't entirely make sense .
Suggests someone painting by numbers with Herculian intensity , and the effect is hollow and dispassionate .
Not as audacious or exciting as its predecessor but this sequel is still a fun summer ride .
... a terminally perfunctory followup that just barely gets the job done ...
Far from going where no one has gone before , this Star Trek is only interested in retreating along its old tracks .
Either reinvent or stick to the source material , do n't try to have your fun both ways . It does n't work .
... a summer film that dimly reminds viewers of what it used to be - and could be again - while still being little more than a rollercoaster ride .
There 's really very little to complain about in this warp-speed sequel .
so enjoyable that it becomes easy to forget that virtually everything in the film is a riff or spin on something we -LRB- including only casual Star Trek fans -RRB- have already seen
Thrilling if not exactly groundbreaking fun ... yet something is missing this time around .
Moment to moment , it 's as entertaining , rousing and visually impressive as any recent science-fiction action epic , but the script is cratered with illogical motivations and plot holes large enough to swallow Classic Trek 's Doomsday Machine .
Even old-school Trekkers will enjoy this voyage .
J.J. Abrams ' sequel is smart , fun , witty , essential sci-fi .
It feels a little `` been there , done that '' but it still entertains .
` Star Trek ' safely does its job and is easily the first must-see action flick of the year .
Maintaining its reverence for the source material while employing an exuberant and clever script with one heck of a plot twist , Star Trek : Into Darkness is great fun and a more than worthy successor to the excellent first film .
Set phasers for fun with this blockbuster .
Sets its phasers on fun
One of the attributes this sequel to the prequel has going for it is a villain whose threat to mankind requires no prosthetics and/or makeup to freeze you in your seat .
Very well-made and exciting . Kirk 's / Pine 's bromance with Spock/out actor Zachary Quinto is further and nicely developed here , and the film 's 3D effects are truly special .
I like this movie a lot , but the part with the tribble was totally stupid .
. . the epic scale of the action and amazing quality of the visuals , plus the sheer fun of hanging with trusted friends , puts this entry light years ahead of most competing blockbusters , even if intellectually it never leaves space dock .
Do we boldly go where no man has gone before ? From a plot standpoint , the answer is a resounding no , but that does n't mean that its is a boring retread of past storylines . It 's an energetic , thrilling mash-up of past storylines .
The sequel lacks the consistent creative vision of the 2009 outing . Nevertheless , Star Trek Into Darkness should satisfy the hardcore Trekkers while reaching out to audiences unfamiliar with the -LSB- series ' -RSB- mythology .
Action set pieces interrupt with sonic booms , like clockwork , whenever the character development lasts more than a few minutes .
a complex plot that manages to balance character writing with slam-bang action sequences
You do n't have to be totally immersed in Trekkie lore to follow `` Into Darkness , '' but a bit of basic Trek 101 would at least shed a little guiding light .
It 's definitely a fun action movie , but I 'm ready for these films to boldly go in their own direction , instead of hanging on to the originals .
A tribute to excess , but in a good way , sort of .
Most of the logic has leached away from this movie , and with it half of the fun .
Shiny all over : the explosions -LRB- MANY -RRB- , the destruction -LRB- MUCH -RRB- and the death toll -LRB- HIGH -RRB- feel like someone demanded this sequel `` take it up a notch . ''
Abrams works in scenes of friendship , honour , loss and loyalty , but the drama coasts on the emotional legacy of the series rather than creating any of its own heart or warmth .
I was comforted to see a warp drive spacecraft could be kickstarted like a 1912 Buick , and we were treated to not one but two desperate uses of the fabled `` manual override . ''
At its best , Star Trek Into Darkness is Cumberbatch ; at its worst , it 's cumbersome .
A safe sequel which , while certainly engaging and entertaining enough to recommend , fails to live up to the franchise 's daring , appointed mission ` to boldly go where no man has gone before . '
Like the Vulcan IDIC , it is infinite diversity in infinite combinations , allowing for surprise as tropes regroup and characters react in accordance with what we 've come to expect from them , but with refreshing twists .
Happily , there 's a good deal of fun if you like things crashing violently into each other and out of warp-drive at regular intervals .
Pine and Quinto have grown into their roles and seem much more assured than four years ago . Quinto is especially impressive . This could be the best Star Trek movie of them all .
While it does n't quite reach the giddy heights of its 2009 predecessor , this new picture is terrific popcorn entertainment , the sort of bright , brawny blockbuster that used to define the summer movie season .
Action-packed Star Trek sequel has good story , characters .
For the most part , the film is a carbon copy of the last one , in both its strengths and weaknesses .
The set up for future sequels is not done subtly but with an assurance that this puppy is going to be around for a long while .
The new Star Trek film by wunderkind director JJ Abrams is much , much better than his much-lauded 2009 Trek reboot . It had to be ... Abrams has packed together a ripping , morally complex , highly intelligent story with some truly awe-striking visuals .
The best tear-pumpers are the simplest : the passing mention of a starship called the USS Bradbury , or Kirk helplessly extending his arm to a crewman falling past him to his death .
More business than artful execution . Director J.J. Abrams just is n't a natural born storyteller , all high notes and no rhythm .
It is a fine movie , but I could n't help but be a little disappointed . There was something missing that did n't make this film bad but also did n't make the film great .
For all its chasing and falling and fighting-and the movie supplies a great deal of each-Star Trek Into Darkness is at its best when the Enterprise crew are merely bickering and bantering among themselves : less space opera than soap opera .
Let the summer movie sweepstakes begin ! Funny , reverent , suspenseful , heartfelt , chock-full of dazzling effects . Easily one of the best in the durable franchise !
There 's a palpable new comfort level among the performers in their iconic roles for the second time and working from a script that has moved beyond introductions and reacquaintances for audiences .
The conceptual sci-fi of the original series is nowhere to be found , though you might enjoy watching the skinny young actors approximate their counterparts from the 60s ; Chris Pine is especially good as Captain Kirk .
The humor in the dialogue , always droll and sometimes laugh-out-loud funny , relies mostly on Quinto 's ability to give deadpan line readings .
For Trekkies , Abrams ' film is part two of an extended , mostly pleasurable exercise in alternate reality resonance -- it 's like film fan fiction , minus the slash-fic component .
A popcorn sci-fi movie .
Entertaining , smartly written , and well-paced , Star Trek Into Darkness is actually a better film overall than 2009 's Star Trek .
Yet , wherever `` Into Darkness '' goes , it is looking over its shoulder , giving its audience knowing nods and winks , encouraging viewers to recall its past instead of concentrating on its here and now .
It may have taken me two films , but I 'm finally on board with this Star Trek reboot .
A beautiful film with an ugly third act .
From the opening thrills to the explosive end you will find yourself immersed by everything Star Trek .
Most of Star Trek Into Darkness will have its audience cheering , the rest feels like a slap across the face .
Techno overkill is a big part of the movie 's fun , and nothing overkills quite like IMAX .
All hail director J.J. Abrams ! He hit gold again .
Though purists may disagree , Abrams ' two Star Trek features rank atop their predecessors , eclipsing ... all but the best of the classic Star Trek films .
` Evil Benedict Cumberbatch . ' It 's almost as much fun to say it as it is to watch it happen on the screen .
Great visuals , but hurt by storytelling cheats in the first and third acts
`` Darkness '' a Worthy Addition to `` Trek '' Canon
J.J. Abrams is n't only resuscitating the franchise . He 's improved it .
-LSB- Abrams -RSB- might as well have made Fast and Furious 7 : In Space No One Can Hear You Drift .
Star Trek Into Darkness goes exactly where I thought it would -- and still feels completely satisfying .
Star Trek Into Darkness does a nice job of providing all the excitement and explosive moments one expects from a blockbuster of this sort , but it might try a little too hard to hit the obligatory beats for fans of the franchise .
`` Star Trek Into Darkness '' handily breaks the curse of every other `` Trek '' film being lackluster , with Abrams offering at least as much action , humor , and small character moments as he did the first time around .
Hey , if you 're a huge Star Trek fan , you will probably love this film . I get that -- but for those of us who prefer the repartee between William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy -- well , this is n't that !
Call me old-fashioned -- or any other name that comes to mind -- but give me the old TV `` Star Trek '' any time .
While the action is often electric , it 's the relationships that matter . That , and a lippy regard for a cultural legacy .
The film is , for whatever else it might be , one of the funniest of the Star Trek entries .
I 'm sure this movie will upset a few fanboys here and there , but I thought this was a terrific , crowd pleaser of a film . Loaded with action and humor , this is summer blockbuster escapism at it 's best . Better than the first !
Abrams and company have followed a Hollywood truism in the comic-book movie field : if you want to have a really good villain , hire a Brit ...
The post-conversion 3D is disappointing , but the newest Star Trek adventure remains exciting summer entertainment with a most appealing ensemble cast .
A simple , character-based story with some well-timed scenes of excitement is what made the first installment great . Star Trek Into Darkness is just good .
Paramount to the success of this series is the perfection of its regular cast , who have made these iconic roles their own .
A good movie but unlike Abrams first effort , it does n't boldly go where no one has gone before .
Much like Kirk and his crew , Abrams and his team still manage to get the job done despite the criticisms that they 've drifted from the Enterprise 's original mission .
Star Trek Into Darkness is a step forward from Abrams ' initial foray into this universe in the 2009 movie .
Another bold and exciting voyage for the Starship Enterprise - one that will likely wow most moviegoers -LRB- even if it irks a few die-hard Trekkies -RRB- .
an amazing experience , both giddy in its dedication to the beginnings and arrogant in its desire to mess with everything the previous franchise worshiped
Loaded with wall-to-wall action , STAR TREK INTO DARKNESS is a blast of summer movie fun . While it 's probably geared to a more mainstream audience , if Trekkies go in with an open mind , they 'll probably love it .
For two movies in a row now -- and possibly even more in the second than the first -- -LSB- Abrams has -RSB- caught some of the spark of the first Star Trek without either mimicking or desecrating the original .
The real revelation is Cumberbatch , who steals the show as the film 's alluring yet evil antagonist .
Yes , this one is even better : funnier , brawnier and ingeniously constructed for appeal to both devoted fans and reluctant converts .
Overall , it 's fun popcorn entertainment , but nowhere as enjoyable and/or brilliant as the 2009 reboot of the franchise . -LRB- Complete Content Details for Parents also available -RRB-
Through Abrams ' beautiful use of Giacchino 's epic film score , 35 mm anamorphic lens flares , and his incredible detail in character , I found myself weeping nerd tears ! See it in IMAX !
The result is a wild piece of entertainment that manages to be about something . Beam yourself up for this one .
J.J. Abrams 's Star Trek Into Darkness , the sequel to his prequel , delivers the goods , even if some of the goods are less than fresh .
Rip-roaring set-pieces aside , the biggest pleasure here is still the yin-yang chemistry between Kirk and Spock , even as the writers sand down the barbed edges of the characters ' interactions .
If anything , Into Darkness shoves a Klingon dagger right between hard-core Trekkers shoulder blades . But those folks were never Abrams ' target market , obviously . Everyone else may very well have a warp-speed blast .
Abrams ' space is n't the final frontier : The landscape reads more like , `` Have n't we been here before ? '' Well , yes , but a whirligig does n't go anywhere , either , and it 's still fun to watch it spin .
Star Trek : Into Darkness does not quite reach the heights of the first film , but it does pass muster as a terrific summer popcorn movie .
Abrams proves he can more than back up the smack , so series fans just need to cower as he backhands them upside the head .
`` Star Trek Into Darkness '' is one of the most aggressively self-conscious summer blockbusters ever made .
The weaknesses covered up by the fan-boy thoroughness of the last Enterprise outing are more glaring this time . It 's not enough to present caricatures of the original cast
Abrams boldly goes into Star Trek Into Darkness , and crushes it again . It 's more fun and more intense , without giving less to the characters .
The qualitative gap between narrative mechanics and character work is about as stark as it could be , but the latter is so effective , and the cast so tremendously effective in their roles , that Star Trek Into Darkness works well , all things considered .
It leaves fans wondering what 's next in the franchise , which will surely make Paramount happy , but does n't stand on its own like the truly great part twos .
Nearly as exciting and engaging as its predecessor , and just as supremely well crafted .
Action , action and more action defines J.J. Abrams ' latest Star Trek . Benedict Cumberbatch makes an excellent bad guy . Did I mention the action ?
I could n't help feeling let down . Not because J.J. Abrams and his writers have ignored what `` Star Trek '' fans want . It 's that they 've pandered to it to such a degree that it feels less like fan appreciation and more like base-covering pragmatism .
While not marking as significant a step to boldly go where few science fiction sequels have gone before , Abrams makes a very entertaining one .
Into Darkness repeatedly and unapologetically sacrifices science-fiction thoughtfulness on the altar of blockbuster `` Wow . ''
This story is in the most literal sense , close to home .
... this is one voyage that Enterprise fans will be happy to take .
A spirited and ripping sci-fi yarn that works every bit as well as that first one -- and , at least on one level , even better .
The day may come when they stumble as their predecessors did . That day is not today .
This is sufficiently rousing and entertaining that it should please a majority of movie-goers whether they 're confessed Trek fans or not .
By film 's end it 's clear that Abrams really needed two films to fully complete his reboot .
This is an exciting entry -- one of the best entries , really -- in the series .
Abrams and his team have shown tremendous care for -LSB- the franchise -RSB- and have discovered exactly what it is that makes the fans love it as much as they do .
Giving all impending summer 2013 tentpoles a reason to be intimidated , `` Star Trek Into Darkness '' should safely reintroduce audiences to just how much fun moviegoing can be .
I thought it was really fun , an inventive , surprising rethinking of some of `` Star Trek 's '' most hallowed inventions , but I 'm not wedded to the source material as gospel . Trekkies will think it 's a desecration . So , pick your side .
Star Trek Into Darkness offers -LSB- a -RSB- qualified satisfaction , which , especially after the second half , is akin to the relief of surviving a long beating .
Into Darkness is a sleek , thrilling epic that 's also a triumphantly witty popcorn morality play . It 's everything you could want in a Star Trek movie .
I 'd say it 's a good thing I went into Star Trek Into Darkness with lowered expectations , because I ended up liked it way more than I expected to .
Instead of reminding us why we love the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise , Into Darkness floods the screen with spectacle and relies on memories of the past to fill in the blanks .
Without missing a beat , Abrams continues with his reimagined Star Trek universe , offering satisfying nods to the past and a fresh surge forward .
What this movie does with a not-unfamiliar-to-some story is pretty clever , and the incarnation of a classic villain by British cheekbone virtuoso Benedict Cumberbatch is vivid and engaging .
It 's a great deal of brash fun , and it should satisfy all those basic Trekkie cravings .
If the action scenes are n't up to par , and the passion is n't in evidence , then what is there ? This movie is fine , and dull .
For all its reckoning with mass destruction , this franchise 's vision of a future Earth remains optimistic . The film mixes the iconically familiar with the futuristic .
Star Trek Into Darkness still has the explosive power of high-end entertainment . And it features some crafty allusions to other movies in the genre , but it 's as artful as a shotgun blast . It hits the mark , but shreds the entire target .
Star Trek Into Darkness banishes , at least for the moment , the lugubrious mood and sepulchral look that too many comic-book movies mistake for sophistication . All hail an action film that is n't ashamed to have fun and to be seen doing it .
Like its entertaining predecessor , `` Star Trek Into Darkness '' offers much of what the fans expect and not much of what they do n't . This character-driven vehicle is a supercharged example of cinematic craftsmanship .
It 's hyper-competent and technically slick , yet made with affection , and emotional and textual understanding of the old TV show .
Trek lite . Perhaps in the next film Abrams and company may set their sights on something more ambitious : finding consequential new stories to tell in their rebooted universe .
There 's absolutely nothing wrong with `` Star Trek Into Darkness '' -- once you understand it as a generic comic-book-style summer flick faintly inspired by some half-forgotten boomer culture thing .
J.J. Abrams ' second Star Trek movie is chock-full of goodies , but by the last quarter the action is so inflated and relentless that it 's like an anvil chorus played on your head .
Abrams stays true to the main virtues of the series : The camaraderie of the Enterprise crew , the bond of friendship among Kirk , Spock and Dr. McCoy , and the way the old series created science-fiction allegories to explore current dilemmas .
Into darkness it should go , where no one can see it .
Maybe it is too late to lament the militarization of Star Trek , but in his pursuit of blockbuster currency , Mr. Abrams has sacrificed a lot of its idiosyncrasy and , worse , the large-spirited humanism that sustained it .
This is the same Enterprise crew we 've known for 40-plus years , but they 're just different enough to pop a few surprises on you .
An immensely engaging sci-fi thriller about friendship , leadership , and loss in a tense and war-mongering intergalactic world .
This latest movie has a formula that 's rare for summer blockbusters : smart and engrossing plot + a barrage of big-budget special effects = an overwhelmingly good time .
You barely get a chance to catch a breath as this saga takes off like a starship and just keeps going , from its Indiana Jones-style opening to its cosmos-rattling finale . And all in 3D , no less .
Even more entertaining than Abrams ' first one ... the first real blockbuster hit of the summer .
Star Trek Into Darkness is a first class ticket into outer space . If you feel the urge , rocket yourself into blockbuster happiness .
Abrams ' sophomore effort picks its references well , builds on the relationships established in the original series -LRB- and tweaked in the last movie -RRB- and keeps the quips and battles coming . Warp speed , Captain .
`` Star Trek Into Darkness '' is ridiculously exciting . Which is to say it 's so exciting it 's ridiculous . But in a good way .
Smart or ... dumb ? Yes , and ... fun to hang around with for a couple of hours .
Convoluted , sure . But compare it to `` The Great Gatsby '' for a quick -LRB- or not -RRB- lesson in the difference between exhilarating and exhausting .
This ill-named sequel plays more like a transitional story than its own film .
`` Star Trek '' is still boldly going ... But somewhere along the way , Abrams got lost in the Galaxy of Not Much Fun .
It 's fantastic to watch the Enterprise rev up to light speed , leaving twin trails behind its nacelles , like an intergalactic hotrod burning celestial rubber . But as with the film 's predecessor , simple emotion is what grounds the story .
Jettisoning the franchise 's optimistic , socially aware sci-fi , not to mention character development or a logical plot , Darkness turns out to be any Vulcan 's worst nightmare : Team America : World Police with Tribbles .
Darkness is a cheery combo of classic catchphrases and young Hollywood heat ...
It is n't as effective as the first overall , but there are so many exceptional set pieces that it packs more than enough momentum to pull through and deliver a riveting experience .
Star Trek Into Darkness may not go boldly back to the archives , but it serves up an exhilarating spectacle , with noteworthy moments of intimacy .
As long as Abrams is in charge , the new Star Trek movies will live long and prosper .
Abrams gets considerable help from a cast who go after their roles with great zest .
The new film works . It 's rousing . The human element , and the Vulcan element , to say nothing of various other species , are present , accounted for and taken seriously enough to matter .
A solid but unspectacular effort that sets the stage for the next chapters .
The movie delivers the goods on both narrative and razzle-dazzle action levels .
It 's not the knockout the last `` Star Trek '' movie was , but it moves things along efficiently .
There 's something especially disconcerting about Into Darkness 's hollowness , given the visibly provocative content that , in true Trek fashion , is meant to put us in mind of our precarious present .
An excessively derivative what-if rehash of themes and interactions that came before , most of the characters lesser copies and even caricatures of the originals .
The movie presses forward with a high-spirited wit and sense of purpose that makes other action extravaganzas look backward .
Adrenaline-fueled and highly entertaining , filled with feverish , fast-paced excitement and suspense . Live long and prosper !
A note-perfect blend of escapist fun and thought-provoking commentary , ensemble drama , comic relief , daredevil action and senses-shattering spectacle .
The action is exhilarating , the visual effects spectacular - and spectacularly realized .
And down goes Iron Man 3 . ... Every blockbuster should be this hefty , with the fleetness of warp .
Cast has chemistry and sparkle , but ` Star Trek Into Darkness ' just okay .
`` Into Darkness '' is a warp-speed ride of intense suspense , lens flares , mystery and thrills , dipping in and out of `` Star Trek '' lore and ultimately creating a fresh new direction .
One of the general strengths of Star Trek Into Darkness , in fact , is the feeling of high stakes and genuine threat , which is exceedingly hard to pull off in any long-running franchise .
`` Into Darkness '' is fast and fun , zipping along on all thrusters while everyone on the bridge settles comfortably into an agreeably lighthearted vibe -LRB- and into ever-slimmer outfits -RRB- .
The film is densely plotted , occasionally bordering on the convoluted , but the clarity and inventiveness of the direction keeps the drama and the action constantly percolating .
-LSB- Provides -RSB- bustling fun equal to its modest ambitions ...
A stunningly nervy sequel that vaporizes any worries that Abrams ' terrific 2009 reboot was a fluke .
The only darkness here - besides the dingy-looking images dimmed by 3-D glasses - is the murky plot , which is as silly as it is arbitrary .
You could spend the rest of the summer waiting for a better popcorn movie . But that would be highly illogical .
A totally stupid movie , STAR TREK INTO DARKNESS falls apart as it goes , raining debris as it implodes like a building being demolished .
A glorious nostalgia trip , continuing the Star Trek reboot in style through a cunning meld of the best of 1980s action sci-fi with high-end 2013 glossiness .
Remember , this is the summer movie season , where spectacle trumps all , and boy does this movie know how to show off its more spectacular moments . Trust me , you 'll have a good time .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- The `` Star Trek '' franchise has its weaknesses , but it 's still the best thing going in the sci-fi genre .
Abrams has a gift for making us feel as if Star Trek Into Darkness vaulted from our own Trek-ish daydreams .
Massive in scale yet also capable of intimacy , JJ Abrams ' latest movie is another blockbuster hit .
Handsomely directed , often beautiful , full of impressive action , what it is in desperate search of is a good story - something it never finds .
A straightforward , blessedly unencumbered popcorn flick brimming with excitement and slickly rendered spectacle .
A brilliant , bromantic blockbuster .
Abrams might not have improved on his original . But he leaves Star Trek in shape to warrant a 50th anniversary blockbuster ... in 2016 !
Star Trek Into Darkness gets the job done without ever threatening to raise one 's pulse . It 's a thoroughly professional entertainment .
In short , it 's utterly familiar and absolutely original . We could n't have asked for more .
J.J Abrams keeps the engaging human drama bubbling along nicely , aided by his outstanding cast , and he maintains a fierce pace . He ensures that both Trekkies and newcomers to the Star Trek universe should be boldly entertained .
JJ Abrams hits warp speed right from the start of Star Trek Into Darkness , kicking off the movie with a breathtaking sequence that combines breakneck thrills , deadpan comedy and deft use of Star Trek lore .
The screen explodes with all the colours of the universe in Star Trek Into Darkness .
In its quieter moments , between the frustrating amount of lens flares and deliberate CG camera wobbles , there is a graceful intelligence to the film .
A bad cover of your favourite song .
No shortage of large scale action on offer both on land and in space .
`` Star Trek Into Darkness '' kind of slumps back into the franchise 's own canon , which is why it feels a bit less fun , fresh and funky than its predecessor ; It 's still a good time .
Like its predecessor , it 's not just a great Star Trek movie ; it 's a great movie , period .
Ultimately , it 's a blockbuster that pretty much follows the story-telling arc of its compadres in the superhero world ... yet Star Trek 's not just living well . It 's prospering .
Entertaining , flashy , and action-packed , if rather lacking in substance , Into Darkness represents a continuing improvement on the franchise , with interesting implications as to the direction of future films .
A solid but infrequently spectacular addition to a rejuvenated franchise .
Above all , Quinto is enduringly great : his Spock is vulnerable , sensitive , emotionally constricted , but idealistic and heroic as well . The franchise will always have life with him on board .
Star Trek Into Darkness is the most visually spectacular film in the franchise ... Narratively , however , it 's more problematic - its incessant references and cribs from predecessors are a disappointment .
As in the first film , Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto are an inspired pairing as Kirk and Spock , and their squabbling bromance provides Into Darkness 's breathlessly-paced adventure with a heart .
The spectacle remains in this sequel but the IQ of the franchise takes a massive nose dive
English actor Cumberbatch is strikingly malevolent as the villain here , but he 's matched by Quinto -LRB- who again almost out-Spocks Spock -RRB- , Zoë Saldana 's Uhura , Simon Pegg 's near-OTT Scotty and even Pine , whose Kirk is tougher here than in the first flick .
Set your phaser to awesome . Star Trek Into Darkness is a thrilling , joyride of a film that will have diehard trekkies and neophytes alike beaming .
Manages to appease lifelong Star Trek fans without alienating newcomers .
J.J. Abrams ' ability to smash set pieces and whip together high octane action sequences is up there with the best of them .
Into Darkness is in large part designed to make Trek fans nudge one another in the ribs and emit excited fanboy yelps of recognition . How much you enjoy the film will depend on your appetite for homage .
The Force is strong with this one .
Some of the Kirk vs. Spock scenes I felt were a retread of the first film , but it 's a minor bone to pick with an otherwise tremendous sci-fi movie .
I 'd say it ranks slightly below the 2009 reboot - it 's good , not great .
I enjoyed Into Darkness immensely , and I ca n't wait to see it again ... but I 'm not sure I could call this a summery popcorny sort of film . It 's too grim for that .
Hugely enjoyable , pacily directed sequel with a witty script , superb special effects and terrific performances , though some of the nods to the previous films and TV shows badly backfire .
Star Trek Into Darkness is bolted together with clinical precision by Abrams , who orchestrates each daredevil chase and skirmish with breathless abandon .
Abrams approaches the subject-matter with the zest , imagination and humour of Steven Spielberg on top form .
This is a pleasingly constructed story and any telegraphed plot points only add to the anticipation of some big moments .
Take-flight moments of blockbuster bliss are frequent and consistently spectacular , as Abrams continues to prove his rare gift of combining character , plot , comedy and action into setpiece after setpiece
While there 's plenty of nods to the series keep Star Trek fans happy , Abrams has once again managed to make the franchise accessible for those new to the series .
Except for the occasional 3D indulgence of things flying at your face , making you wince and duck , Star Trek Into Darkness is , for me , a pleasant surprise ; thrilling and engaging , sometimes harrowing and always cinematically satisfying
It is with grand scale , good storytelling & a real spirit of adventure that J.J. Abrams ' second film torpedoes onto the screen in 3D , bringing the kind of special effects fantasies are made of .
As brash , spectacular and energetic as its immediate predecessor , but without novelty on its side
I had begun to wonder if any of these big budget monstrosities could deliver something special ; something that did n't feel like a facsimile of previous successes , totally devoid of heart and humanity . Star Trek Into Darkness is ... almost that .
Star Trek Into Darkness remains great fun for non-fans , but especially the faithful , with nods to some of their favourite tropes ...
In some sense , the title is misleading . Into Darkness is a blast , fun , funny , spectacular and exhilarating .
A perfectly functional sequel that nevertheless falls rather short of 2009 ′ s water-tight reboot .
It goes quickly , it goes loudly and it goes spectacularly . The only problem is that it never seems to live up to the franchise 's original mission statement and go boldly
Star Trek Into Darkness is a long , long way from a disaster , but it 's hard not to feel that Abrams ' mystery box turned out to be a bit empty this time out .
`` Into Darkness '' may not boldly go where no `` Trek '' adventure has gone before , but getting there is such a well-crafted , immensely pleasurable ride that it would be positively Vulcan to nitpick .
The production gives the impression of a massive machine cranked up for two hours of full output ; it efficiently delivers what it 's built to do , but without style or personality .
A pretty relentless piece of summer entertainment , anchored by what I consider one of the most exciting movie star performances in recent memory .
Open yourself up to the Star Trek universe and enjoy the thrill of the ride .
It still has that urgency that made the first film so appealing , those big , optimistic messages of right vs wrong in a world at war .
The Enterprise and all the people on it are gorgeous . It 's just that by front-loading so much on the visceral thrills and our affection for these characters , there 's just no room for the rather tangled storyline .
A blaze of thrilling sci-fi adventure , stunning special effects and - most importantly - further subtle development of a series of characters who are familiar and yet fresh at the same time .
This latest Star Trek wavers entertainingly between the silly and the Shakespearean . After a shaky , old-school start , the comedy comes at warp speed .
That pioneer spirit ? It 's gone .
Star Trek Into Darkness is a big film , building on the foundations of its predecessor and holding true to the nature of the franchise .
People are unlikely to charge out of the cinema with quite the same level of glee as they did in 2009 ; but this is certainly an astute , exhilarating concoction .
An exhilarating , emotionally rich and utterly pleasurable journey that wears its love for Trek fans old and new on its sleeve .
Star Trek Into Darkness will send Trekkers into paroxysms of delight .
A stop-gap tale that 's modest , fun and briefly amusing rather than one that breaks new ground or offers hugely memorable set pieces .
After a confident take-off , Abrams keeps the franchise flying with a faster , faster , FASTER sequel that makes for the most thrilling Star Trek since First Contact .
It 's a rousing adventure and Abrams has laid the platform for a healthy and long lasting franchise .

@highlight

Visually spectacular and suitably action packed , Star Trek Into Darkness is a rock-solid installment in the venerable sci-fi franchise , even if it 's not as fresh as its predecessor .