Queen Latifah is convincing as Bessie .
Gritty biopic has sex , violence , drinking , great music .
Bessie shows us an assortment of moments from that life but does n't really make us feel it , despite Queen Latifah 's best efforts .
It fleshes out Bessie Smith to a degree but certainly not in full measure . Latifah and Rainey can sure sing out , though . It 's a pleasure to watch and hear them wail in a film that otherwise does n't quite cut it .
Well-made biopic absent a whole lot of music and -- as a result -- much emotional resonance .
Bessie is n't a perfect movie . But for HBO 's purposes , it 's a big-time noisemaker - one with the kind of show-stopping work that , when they start handing out trophies , is n't likely to leave its star singin ' the blues .
Bessie boasts powerful performances and a chance to hear the early blues popularized by Smith and her mentor , Ma Rainey .
A thoughtful and at times stirring example of how a film can add texture to a legendary figure .
Bessie Smith , who earned the title `` Empress of the Blues '' back in the 1920s , remains a voice that should be heard today .
A beautifully affecting biopic .
It takes just the first few raunchy and emotionally searing minutes of `` Bessie '' to grasp why Queen Latifah-its star and one of its producers-viewed this story of Bessie Smith 's life and career as a labor of love , or more precisely , passion .
Queen Latifah delivers a rich , full-throated performance as the Empress of the Blues .
Despite its complicated central figure , Rees ' film feels all too typical in the end . The small moments are there for anyone who wants to find them , but they 're not enough to make `` Bessie '' as great as the woman herself .
Presents the powerhouse vocalist as a blues belter in more ways than one -- a pugnacious scrapper with a fierce streak of racial pride , a sexual appetite that crossed gender lines and a hair-trigger temper that sometimes served her well ...
... give Bessie a try ... to see Queen Latifah 's performance and learn a bit about Bessie Smith 's life and times , and turn in off if and when it starts to drag .
Best of all are Latifah 's scenes with Mo'Nique because their energies fit and because they have the most to do with music and performance and the reasons these women are worth remembering , and re-creating .
At nearly two hours , Bessie feels a lot like any other TV biopic , with unspectacular production values and a mostly chronological story structure . But it 's hard not to be moved by the woman it portrays , and by the point of view it shares with her .
Latifah does n't just make us believe in Bessie Smith 's claim to fame . She makes us feel for every gifted African-American singer and actor , from Smith to Latifah herself , who has n't been given the roles and nurturing his or her talents deserve .
In a cast full of strong performances , Queen Latifah stuns . Quite simply , it 's the finest performance she 's ever given .
Viewers of Bessie will love her and want to shake her , to beg her not to squander her talent .
A flawed drama that nonetheless warrants a look simply because of the bright spotlight it gives the underrated talents of star Queen Latifah , who does quite easily the best work of her career here .
The story is so intent on covering the title character 's life almost in its entirety that character motivations suffer .
There are three good reasons to watch HBO 's Bessie : Queen Latifah , Mo'Nique , and Khandi Alexander .
`` Bessie '' captures what it 's like to be the exception that proves the rule , as well as to `` know '' people well enough to provide them with comfort and uplift from hundreds of feet away with just the sound of her voice - but never to be one of the masses
`` Bessie '' knows all the right words , but has n't quite learned how to sing them just yet .
This is a smartly observed , understated biographical drama that sidesteps hagiography and treats its complex subject with integrity .
Bessie is remarkably poignant , even if that resonance is somewhat disreputable .

@highlight

Strong performances , led by Queen Latifah , overpower a middling script in the entertaining and informative Bessie .