With very good performances ... Ghost Story is a remarkable film that I recommend as a heartfelt experience of cinema-art . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... proposes new concepts from a more meditative and profound perspective , seeking to alter conventions to generate something more than a fright , something that lasts . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's the kind of strange , unique and arty film with a slow camera that reminds one of the great filmmaker Apichatpong Weerasethakul .
Contemplative , profound and moving . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a subtle but powerful reflection . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Even if I found the script , itself , lacking , there is genuine power in the mise-en-scène , and strong visuals that remain with me days after watching the film .
The star of this show is David Lowery , whose shot compositions and storytelling creativity are on full display .
This movie makes you question what you would do if something this tragic happened to you , and how you would cope being this invisible , disembodied entity who can do nothing except watch life pass you by , and that rationalization is scary to imagine .
An ode to simplicity . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
If you have ever loved and lost , you will relate to this film about the emotional turmoil faced by a couple whose bliss is shattered by a fatal accident .
Employs a symbol so simple a child recognizes it to probe issues of life , death , time and rebirth .
... the film seems like the classic story of love after death , but -LSB- director David -RSB- Lowery builds an allegory of life and to the possibilities we no longer inhabit . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ghost story is more uncomfortable than disconcerting , more challenging than complacent , more a journey between times and spaces than an improbable puzzle ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's an offbeat narrative , and it demands patience , but it 's so worth the wait in the final moments of the film , proving to be a graceful examination of love found and lost .
This is a low-budget art film that is very thought-provoking , with big ideas about the nature of existence , death and time . It is wistful , imaginative , and unexpectedly emotional in its depiction of the transience of life .
It stars a white cotton sheet , and it might make you cry .
A gut wrenching and hypnotic meditation of being and love .
Just like one of those talked about Beethoven symphonies , David Lowery 's A Ghost Story will be discussed among film group circles until the end of time
David Lowery 's A Ghost Story is a unique movie-going experience that will haunt you long after the credits finish rolling .
This is a nightmare that revolves around a ghost - not because he 's a threat , but rather because he experiences the worst kind of pain : watching your loved one go away while your remain stuck in what you 've built together . -LSB- Full review in Portuguese . -RSB-
Slow and baffling at times , A Ghost Story follows you , not unlike the undead spirit within its frame .
... the film ends up looking like a launch of undeveloped ideas , to see if the hodgepodge deceives the viewer and makes the film look deep . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This might ultimately be not much more than an exercise in visual montage , but with the help of a powerful score from Daniel Hart , the effect is mesmerising and , yes , haunting .
Lowery 's film shows an exquisite taste for framing . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A philosophical and very poetic melodrama . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the hardest , sad and implacable stories about oblivion . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The film stubbornly refuses to connect with its deeper themes because of a vague , self-consciously arty structure and a pace so deliberate it approaches a stand-still .
Films like A Ghost Story-so odd and outside the typical cinematic experience-don ' t happen often these days , but when they do they can remind us of the power of the cinematic image .
One of the most audaciously original narratives I have seen this decade .
Neither it 's slow pace nor its commitment to a sad , but warm and consoling message , are for all palates . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A beautiful film with a cosmic power that creeps up on you , A Ghost Story is one of the most interesting American films of the year .
A Ghost Story turns out to be too arty for its own commercial good . Anyone hoping for another Truly Madly Deeply or Ghost is likely to be bitterly disappointed .
... A Ghost Story feels like one of the most intimate pieces of moviemaking in years .
David Lowery 's A Ghost Story is an ambitious tale filled with gorgeous imagery and pieces of an intriguing narrative , but the film is ultimately let down by its lack of substance , which leaves you with a beautiful , yet somewhat forgettable , experience .
In A Ghost Story , Lowery pulls off the neatest trick of all with this haunting image . He teases us with the idea that humanity survives into the afterlife .
If a movie refuses to make linear sense , we expect to be affected on some deeper level that makes it all worthwhile . But -LSB- David -RSB- Lowery 's narrative obscurity fails to make you feel anything .
I 'm going to simply say that I loved this movie , even if I do n't quite know what it was about .
-LSB- Director -RSB- David Lowery 's inventive film is a deeply affecting and unforgettable exploration of life , of love , and of grief , driven by a quite brilliant performance by Casey Affleck .
This is a film not so much about spooks as about deadly loss and the disorientation it brings .
A Ghost Story morphs into a cosmic tragedy , a requiem not for one lost soul , but for every one of us fragile beings .
A Ghost Story offers a new take on old themes of death and life and comes full circle .
A film worthy of admiration that requires a lot of patience from the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The true beauty of the film lies in the simple act of observation .
A simultaneously tragic and comic exploration of the people , places and loves that we hold on to .
A breathtakingly good exploration of different forms of existential loneliness .
... a sumptuous study in atmosphere that lulls you into a hypnotic trance ; a gently profound essay on time and its human limits .
If patient , you 'll be rewarded with a beautiful and haunting film that meditates on love , loss and legacy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While A Ghost Story is certainly worth a watch , the music might be the most beautiful part of the film .
A beautiful meditation about the place we occupy in time and space , as well as the `` ghosts '' we leave behind . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
David Lowery 's latest explores existential anxieties through a spiritual , phantasmal and wholly original approach . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A meditation on loss but also on legacy - on our enduring need to endure .
A Ghost Story is an atmospheric and thoughtful contribution to the ghost story genre and at first glance , it will have more appeal to the art-house crowd who might not otherwise take in a supernatural ghost story .
We end up with a film that , for all its playfulness , connects plainly with the emotions .
The work of a filmmaker conflating his biggest strengths and biggest weaknesses .
This will infuriate some viewers , but the director is making a point , about time , how quickly it passes , and how casually and mindlessly we squander it .
In short , I enjoyed a beguiling bittersweet wallow .
It is beautifully shot , as if through a filter . There is minimal dialogue and Lowery plays with the ghost and haunted house tropes . It lit only fires of irritation for me and the stars ' dowdy low-key love felt hardly worth a haunting .
After a while , the things that irritated me about the film - the long takes , the boxy frame , the ironic costume - began to hit home .
Completely unlike anything else you 'll see this year .
Pensive , precise and with an elegant , looping structure , this is a first-rate piece of direction from Lowery , who also wrote the screenplay .
Casey Affleck and Rooney Mara star , but director David Lowery lets the sheet do the talking .
It 's a little inaccessible , perhaps , with long sequences of reflective silence , but A Ghost Story has a real emotional power that is sincerely haunting .
So while -LSB- A Ghost Story -RSB- feels rather gimmicky and slow , at least its fiendishly original touches get our minds churning .
-LSB- Casey -RSB- Affleck does an amazing job , managing to be hangdog while buried under a bedsheet for most of the film ; how different would -LSB- A Ghost Story -RSB- be if he just hung around moping , without the linen ?
In my book it 's one of the most brilliant , original films you will see this year .
Soulfully scored and every bit as powerful in moments of discomforting silence , it 's haunting indeed .
It 's such an original conceit , perfectly matched by the execution : the alternately plaintive and strange soundtrack , cinematography that places the stock spectral image into one gorgeously surreal frame after another , the performances .
A perfect example of a good idea , half-baked .
A haunting , beautiful film that is quite unlike anything else you 'll see this year .
Brilliantly shot and sound tracked mostly by sombre cello music , this is an aching and muted 92 minutes .
A genuinely gorgeous and quietly upsetting fantasy drama .
A bold experiment of a film that can only be called haunting .
Essentially a metaphysical horror movie , it 's low on traditional scares , but big on atmosphere , something intensified by how weird it all is .
The movie is an utterly unique masterpiece , freighted with inchoate meaning and glimpses of eternity .
I feel real love for this film and its lost wandering creature .
A Ghost Story does n't provide answers , but its simplicity and dignity is affecting and quite beautiful .
This is a film with its own gentle logic . It 's a quiet meditation on life , love , bereavement and the difficulty of letting go .
You ca n't chase it from your mind . You ca n't exorcise it . The film stands there white-sheeted and eyeholed , staring into your soul and depths ...
Lowery 's film has the same deadpan , unreadable quality as that white-masked face . But the shroud is worn as elegantly as the film 's own ambition and audacious simplicity .
The film wo n't be for everyone , but it 's a unique take on the ubiquitous cinematic theme of death and what happens after it , and deserves to be seen .
A melancholy love story and a rumination on the passage of time ... . Has a great beauty to it , notwithstanding some patience-trying stretches .
It is both quietly brilliant and brilliantly quiet ; imagine a recent Terrence Malick film with less cinematography and more plot .
Extraordinary . One of the year 's most original and best films .
Like an arthouse Ghost , this is bold , original filmmaking with a pervasive sense of amused detachment .
For the most part , Lowery has crafted a captivating reflection on the enormity of mankind 's existence and the tiny part we each play in it .
This is a story that sticks .
A Ghost Story is about more than love , grief and frenzied pie eating . It 's about whether any of us has a reason to exist , pre - or post-decease .
David Lowery 's A Ghost Story is a thought experiment that requires viewers to meet it halfway - with the reward being a powerful musing on the pull of love over time .
... a different sort of haunting , a quiet reverie of never letting go of people , places , anything . Some viewers may think it silly , others profound , but there 's no other movie quite like it .
It demands patience and an open mind , but Lowery 's return to his indie roots after Pete 's Dragon is a highly unusual and , at times , emotionally shattering fable .
The living and the dead share a space but little else , and Mara captures the flickering needle of grieving . The effect is not pretentious but more often sadly sweet ; the separation makes their longing swell .
Thus far , A Ghost Story is the most thoughtful cinematic depiction of what happens when we die .
An art-house Rorschach test that demands a specific type of moviegoer in a precise mood for cosmic puzzling .
Imbues the horror genre with a rare degree of poetic elegance while ruminating on the nature of time , memory and grief ... Lowery 's mournful , strangely moving film is likely to haunt you .
Moving at the speed of molasses trying to drip UP a wall , the movie clocks in at just over 90 minutes , yet many fidgety viewers will swear it runs at least four hours . Yet for those who can get attuned to its leisurely approach , it 's a fascinating watch .
A stunning philosophical film without compromise . Lowery 's A GHOST STORY is so original , daring and slow that it returns the medium of film into the hands of the director .
Much , much more than just the human equivalent of a ghost emoji standing in an Instagram snap ... one of the most astute depictions of grief to reach cinemas in a long time .
If you go with him into the grief and the loneliness , he will deliver something elegiac , poetic and emotional . If you do not , he is the man from pseud 's corner , playing with the camera like a child .
A wounded , wondrous poem of a picture about many things , not limited to the needfulness of coupledom , loss , lingering , the parsing of love , the passing of language .
A hypnotic , almost meditative look at love , loss and legacy .
The title of director David Lowery 's A Ghost Story is about as concise a description as you 're going to find for a surreal and beautiful film that explores a kaleidoscope of themes and issues .
Daniel Hart 's lush score alternates between almost ethereal heights of violins to the sombre , heavier cellos as we witness the couple 's physical versus spiritual connections .
Some movies are valuable because they provide answers . This one works because it asks tough questions , then leaves it up to the audience to do the heavy lifting .
Lowery finds power in the image 's very absurdity ... -LSB- The ghost -RSB- is so silent , so slow and so often still , that it becomes first arresting , then poignant , and finally unbearably sad .
Somehow it works , even though Lowery does n't make it terribly easy for the audience .
A meditative and even spiritual experience .
An adventure in mundanity that makes excellent use of the tension between those two words .
Lowery 's low-budget reimagining of a haunted house film is strange and lovely , creepy and sad , and there are moments when you ca n't quite believe you 're sitting in a theater watching it .
How the titular ghost reveals its timelessly intriguing `` story '' is a little weird to be sure . Still , even if you do n't believe in ghosts , just see it to consider how really haunting life can be .
`` A Ghost Story '' is an oddly haunting , wholly original trip .
It 's hard to quantify the audacity it took for David Lowery to make this film . It 's a ghost story , a haunting meditation on life , loss , and mankind 's place in the universe , that features a man under a sheet with the eye holes poked out .
A Ghost Story is a minor movie miracle . It does something utterly ridiculous and it not only gets away with it but it builds on it to make the movie one of the most conceptually audacious of the past few years .
It remains a failure , though a fascinating one because it 's so unusual and borne of the filmmaker 's ambition .
Some credit is due for artistic courage and craftiness on Lowery 's part for this low-budget wonder , but ultimately A Ghost Story does n't hang together in any substantive way .
A Ghost Story rewards viewers who are willing to engage with it , to accept its evolving premise and experience the expressionless specter 's afterlife as it reveals itself .
There 's supposed to be something there in A Ghost Story , but I ca n't see it . I see dread , people .
Though the name implies it , A Ghost Story is not a fright fest . Still , it does provide some scares , albeit subtle ones , by showing what life after death could entail , both for a lost soul and the one -LRB- s -RRB- it left behind .
You may not understand `` A Ghost Story . '' But you wo n't forget it .
Stick with it and you will be treated to what very well may be the year 's most unique cinematic vision .
Lowery delivers a layered and moving meditation on grief and the passage of time , all while his lead actor is mute under a white shroud -LRB- with eyeholes -RRB- .
is n't completely fulfilling , but that 's never the point of the film
I did n't expect that Lowery -- or anyone -- would come close to the touching inventiveness of my favorite film from the beyond , Hirokazu Kore-eda 's After Life .
Lowry has a well-developed eye for inventive storytelling thanks to his background in micro-budget shorts . His vision is on full display here , and the result is one of 2017 's most powerful films .
While a steady flow of utter helplessness and heartbreak cascades through this unusually affecting movie , so too do warm currents of humour and hope .
Lowery never loses control of the tone of his film , which leaves a profound sense of the fleetingness of life that you 'll find hard to shake .
Of the many reasons to treasure David Lowery 's new film A Ghost Story , one of the biggest is the way it outlines the shape not just of one human life , but of human life in general .
-LRB- The film -RRB- is about insubstantiality . As a character ... explains , nothing lasts - not books , not art , not culture , not people and not relationships . Everything is a slave to time that keeps its own pace and cares nothing for manmade or natural creations .
A Ghost Story longs to be a commentary on human legacy , loss and existence . It never fully achieves that goal , but it is nevertheless worth enduring aesthetically to reach what it 's positing philosophically .
It is a film of big ideas and questions rather than one built around formulas for cheap scares , which is an important distinction to consider before seeing it .
Those who tune into the strange frequency of A Ghost Story will be grandly rewarded . Just know , first and foremost , in this ghost story , all the haunting is conducted by linen .
The `` story '' of the movie is barely there , but the feelings it evokes are as haunting as its parade of lost spirits .
Most impressively , this Story is good at capturing that sense of ineffable connection with what has come before us and what persists when we are gone . The living part 's a little weak , though .
Such a meditative movie certainly is n't for everyone , but it is what an indie movie should be : bold , original , quirky , genre-defying , and boundary pushing .
Lowery 's story never what it looks like it is going to be , all of it building to a revelation where the answer to a question is n't nearly as important as the effect it has upon the entity who has spent incalculable lifetimes searching for it .
Such a simple , wonderful idea , executed perfectly
A Ghost Story is the most unusual and loneliest phantasm saga ever to give you the shivers .
An often jaw-droppingly audacious and singular piece of work ...
It 's definitely an actual ghost story , but , while it 's haunting , it 's certainly not a horror . Instead , as its rather perfect tagline posits , it 's all about time .
A hypnotic , melancholic low-budget meditation on love , heartbreak and memory .
As meditations on the banality and helplessness of grieving go , the movie makes a powerful statement .
No , A Ghost Story is n't a horror movie -- unless you connect to the horror of the world moving on without you . In which case , yeah .
It is profound , peculiar , frustrating , frightening , transfixing , maddening , and , mostly , beautiful .
While light on traditional narrative , there is a fulfilling journey here , and if you do n't start hating the film as soon as it begins , it 'll likely leave you shaken .
Like a tough crossword puzzle , it challenges the mind , stimulates the brain and conjures a strong feeling of satisfaction when you think you 've finally got a handle on it . Surprise ! You probably do n't .
With little use for the cinematic conventions that humans have relied upon for over a century , it makes every romantic comedy , superhero flick , or Oscar-bait tearjerker feel like a relic from an ancient past , and boy , has it arrived just in time .
Cinematographer Andrew Droz PalermoIt 's camera immerses you in extended minutes of muted color and light , the space between objects in any given frame more resonant than any action .
This very special movie casts a fine , delicate spell ; many may resist it , but those who go along with it may find themselves profoundly moved , transported to a soul-stirring , poetically cosmic place .
You have got to be kidding me . The Ghost and Mrs. Mara ? Casey the Friendly Ghost ? This Emperor has no sheets ?
Lowery 's greatest success is in keeping this intentionally spare story from feeling like a gimmick .
A moving and minimalist ghost story that delivers food for thought about travels through time and the art of letting go .
As years rush by the ambitions grow increasingly more cosmic and grand . This little low-budget film begins to contain multitudes .
As pretentious as it sounds , A Ghost Story is more about a feeling , an emotional response to a singular cinematic experience .
A Ghost Story demands thorough and , at times , frightening introspection on the nature of existence .
Might result in you first fidgeting , then checking your watch , and ultimately grasping at your hair while screaming `` For the love of Patrick Swayze , get to the point already ! '' -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
A wondrous , delicate shell of a movie
The premise and the framework of the story and the photography are much more memorable than the performances , and that feels mostly by design .
A Ghost Story fairly pulses with a tender regard for the precious fragility of any domestic shelter , from the frontier to the high-rise .
I was still knuckling my forehead in skepticism through to the last few minutes . But that 's when the film 's mournful ache abruptly feels earned , and its mysteries become tangible . Days later I was still thinking of Lowery 's inspired imagery
Lowery pushes the tropes of the haunted house film past the breaking point , creating something that is entirely original - and oddly , if not profoundly unsettling .
Cryptic enough to spark a conversation , cut-and-dried enough to ensure that 's short one .
A Ghost Story may be thinly plotted , but it 's thick with introspection , dodging any easy interpretation . It may well be all about time , but as C learns , time is n't as useful as we might have thought .
This film squanders nothing and rushes very little .
Like a wild , sonorous piano chord struck by someone or something in the middle of the night -- where did that come from ? -- the contemplative aura of A Ghost Story sticks with you .
A Ghost Story can seem more like a creative exercise than a fully formed narrative construct .
A beautiful , haunting ode to the impermanence of everything-and the precious , mundane , sometimes mysterious moments that make up the music of life .
A Ghost Story seems to be telling us that time is cyclical , and that the sphere of existence most easily seen by the living is an illusion . Other , more coherent films have put forth that concept more gracefully .
The enigmatic view of the afterlife is mingled with sadness and loneliness , making you root for the ghost who is waiting for `` something '' but that something becomes a lost memory .
It 's doubtful we 'll see a more beautifully-shot feature this year , if not for longer .
A surreal , hypnotic and ethereal meditation on life , love , loss , and the questions we keep asking . Casey Affleck is covered in a white sheet and Rooney Mara eats a whole pie in one shot . Not to be missed .
... inverts most ghost stories by giving us a specter who is haunted by the living .
Bewitching , romantic , lyrical , and unquestionably original , A Ghost Story is a convoluting watch that leaves you feeling satisfied , even if you do n't understand why .
although his new low budget indie echoes the works of others , particularly Hirokazu Kore-eda 's ruminations on time and the after life , the film 's style is unique , its most startling aspect how moving Affleck is beneath a sheet .
At its heart , A Ghost Story is a universally relatable story about grief on an intimate scale , transplanted onto a more epic canvas than you would have ever imagined possible .
A Ghost Story leads you down a path that allows for personal reflection , which will either sooth lost souls or scare them away .
Even at its most self-conscious , there 's something lovable about A Ghost Story .
If you have the patience it 's a rewarding , frequently poignant film that evokes the loneliness of the human experience ... After all , each of us will be under that white sheet one day .
It 's an honest-to-goodness experimental movie , a story that starts going in one direction and unexpectedly veers into unexplored territory , rewriting its rules as it goes .
Though Casey is earnest in his attempt to convey a range of emotions from under the sheet , ultimately , it 's the cinematic equivalent of watching a little kid try to fight his way out of a paper bag .
A Ghost Story is a poetic statement on the passage of time and on eternity that thoughtfully ponders the spiritual , circular history of places and objects .
Even when it 's difficult to grasp exactly what it 's trying to say in some of its more head-scratching segments , the film commands appreciation for its vision and audacity . You might not see ghosts the same way again .
An interesting , if obtuse exploration of existentialism ... it 's a film that is sure to divide audiences : some may marvel at the aesthetic notions while others may dismiss it as bunkum , weird stuff . I lean towards the latter . .
I loved everything about it , including the scenes I was n't sure how to take .
Opening in domestic contentment , moving through personal anguish and ending with a cosmic lament , it 's a simple , wrenching story of love and loss that pries open a window onto eternity .
If you 're patient ... C 's wordless vigil will send you away with a shivery melancholy that defies easy explanation .
Their missed connection , divided by the void of human existence , is also a beautifully sad and poignant representation for the ways in which we all strive or fail to connect in the present .
Alternately child-like and artful , A Ghost Story holds you in thrall - get into Lowery 's rhythms and the movie will touch you deeply . The minimalist performances of Affleck and Mara are mesmerizing
There are mysteries here , not the least of them being how such a modest little movie can evoke such profound feelings .
A Ghost Story is n't coherent or profound , but it 's pretty and strange-sad in its quirky way , and blessedly short .
Though it possesses a mournful beauty , A Ghost Story is sullied by -LRB- Casey -RRB- Affleck 's presence .
It wo n't scare you ; it does n't even say `` boo . '' But glowing light and ghostly soulfulness linger on like a quiet , scratching presence that wo n't leave you .
Tlthough the spirit here is willing , I 'm sorry . This film is just weak .
In its brief sojourn on the screen , A Ghost Story moves through centuries of geologic time and into the deepest recesses of the human heart .
For its first hour , `` A Ghost Story '' is a top-notch contribution to the grief genre . It 's right up there with `` Truly Madly Deeply . ''
Just when you think you 've cracked the film 's circumscribed logic , it opens up and goes wild in ways at once too wondrous and too preposterous to spoil .
A cosmically connected masterpiece , deceptively simple in design yet awe-inspiring in its philosophical vastness .
A wrenching , remarkable masterpiece about love and loss , life and death , from one of America 's great directors .
The questions that Lowery raises hang in the air , like motes of dust , long after the movie is done .
Beautiful and deeply affecting , A Ghost Story is easily the greatest movie ever made with an Oscar winner standing around in a white bedsheet for most of its 87-minute runtime .
An empty exercise in imitative long-take aestheticism , A Ghost Story fills its distractingly round-cornered frame with endless repetitions on a visual gag .
Maddening , inscrutable , and alienating .
I found it difficult to continue suspending my disbelief .
This is really about the quiet life of a ghost , haunting a house where contentment once lived . Bring patience - and a fondness for Malick-ish stillness - and perhaps find reward .
A Ghost Story , the work of a filmmaker in creative effervescence , is the organicity with which the minimalism of its internal elements causes a maximalism of existential discourses . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A Ghost Story is an exquisite , thoughtful , moving and truly wonderful piece of cinema
Lowery 's film haunts with its highly localised perspective on human history , as it goes/stays on a quest for a scrap of deferred meaning .
After seeing this film , I have determined that I want to live inside the mind of David Lowery . He is one of the most inventive directors of this generation and is capable of making great films no matter how big or small .
A beautiful film in total control of the cinematic medium .
It 's fabulous movie-making , but would perhaps not make for the best date-night flick , if you had any designs .
A Ghost Story is a bit of a downer in its execution and functionality , but I appreciate the way Lowery was n't afraid to try and do something wholly against the grain by giving us a new perspective on the realm of the supernatural .
The collision of aesthetics -- a cartoonish , Halloween-costume-grade specter haunting a quiet indie -- is the point where A Ghost Story asks the most of us . But how thrilling it is to be jostled .
Lowery clearly has a great deal of passion for this material and he throws everything he has into each frame .
For A Ghost Story , both life and afterlife is also bound up somehow with the story of the cosmos . It manages to share DNA with Ghost , Personal Shopper , and , implausibly , 2001 : A Space Odyssey , all at the same time .
Experimental and utterly compelling .
The film does , with great artistry and sincerity , the kind work of saying what so many of us have been thinking . It 's our common late-night worries made manifest , then carried beyond our imagination .
A Ghost Story is a deliberate abstraction , and as such , it 's easy to appreciate its conceptual audacity and its visual beauty .
It 's a quiet , delicate film , one aching with regret and loss , an impressionistic approach to death that eventually reveals itself as a touching elegy for the passage of time .
Lowery 's film may take an eternity getting there , but by the end it transforms into a powerful , sobering work of contemplation and grief .
A film that I can guarantee you people will revisit and discuss for years to come . It 's daring , strange , and unforgettable .
A Ghost Story is n't simply an artistic exercise to be enjoyed by daring cinephiles . It 's a beautiful and , quite literally , haunting portrait of our frail humanity .
The film has a good shot at burrowing into the brain of the viewer , where it will haunt them for much longer than its runtime .
One of the most original , narratively audacious films I 've ever seen .
It began tedious and became beautiful . Few things are so impressive as art that trains you how to experience it .
I found A Ghost Story mostly alienating , at times even annoying .
It 's a lovely , meaningful poem of a film , one that encompasses life , love , loss and time itself .
Has Casey Affleck found a new way to make inexpressiveness expressive , to scrawl emotion across a blank slate ?
The interminable pace and crushing desolation will be enough to make anyone want to pass on to the afterlife .
A totally new kind of haunted house movie .
` A Ghost Story ' is inventive , tragic , moving , and told with a deft touch . It will haunt you .
`` Absolutely mesmerizing , with an anything-goes quality that 's endlessly fascinating . ''
A poetic meditation on time , memory and spiritual connection that is utterly true to its title .
While Lowery 's actual method of delivery may not be scary , it 's sure to haunt those who open themselves up to the experience .

@highlight

A Ghost Story deftly manages its ambitious themes through an inventive , artful , and ultimately poignant exploration of love and loss .