If you 're anything like me , you 'll leave the theatre trembling to the rhythm of jazz drums . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... intoxicating movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Whiplash is cinema as a duel , fought not in an army
barracks or an athletic training camp but in the room where the orchestra rehearses its jazz numbers .
Whiplash is must-see cinema filled with explosive performances from Miles Teller and J.K Simmons
Chazelle has a winning conceit in the bond between the self-annihilating hero and his psychopathic mentor , wringing surprising tension out of an improbable magic-realist finale that sees the men hashing out their demonic teacher-student relationship .
The taut editing -LRB- Tom Cross -RRB- is outstanding and Simmons outdoes himself .
Like a classic jazz tune , this movie takes a simple theme -- what is an acceptable price for artistic greatness ? -- and with the application of craftsmanship and imagination , that slim starting idea is built into something approaching greatness .
Without guns , knives or fistfights , Whiplash manages to be explosive and yes , dramatically violent - it 's just that the violence is largely emotional , and often self-inflicted .
-LSB- Chazelle -RSB- concocts a finale that contains an unlikely plot twist and which arguably counters everything the rest of the film has warned us about . But it includes a musical performance so dazzling and exhilarating that it 's hard to complain .
The film has potential , but ultimately there 's more bark than bite .
Whiplash is a well made film , expertly edited and performed with aplomb , but it 's a little bit ridiculous .
-LSB- Miles -RSB- Teller and -LSB- J.K -RSB- Simmons give stellar performances , making this twisted relationship between teacher and student always compelling , even as the plot strains believability more than once .
The movie is bursting with grand jazz sets , some classic , some not . All of them pure pleasure , especially if you love jazz .
Simply outstanding .
Revealing both the dangers and payoffs of artistic ambition , Whiplash is sure to establish Chazelle as a directorial force to be reckoned with .
This is not a music movie-the numbers are dense and joyless-it 's a sports movie , and a very assured one for a guy clearly reaching for the stars himself .
It 's about the social utility of sociopathy , about the refusal to fret over self-esteem or hurt feelings or mental or physical pain in the pursuit of greatness .
It 's a thorny , thoughtful movie that asks provocative questions and is n't cocky enough to boast of knowing the answers .
It 's a riveting , thrilling film that gets away with an ending that 's perhaps just a little too keen to cleanly resolve the jagged drama . But if you ever thought Glee or Fame would be better rendered as a one-on-one psycho-thriller , here 's your film .
Fast-paced , intelligent and highly entertaining . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Writer-director Damien -RSB- Chazelle has turned an overwrought , often tasteless musical cliche - the drum solo - into something ferocious and alive .
Exciting , nerve-racking and emotionally pungent all at once .
Whiplash feels dynamic and fresh because it capitalizes on every tonal shift and detail .
Whiplash is the most exciting thing that has happened to us in 2015 . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
At only 29 , writer/director Damien Chazelle is already a huge talent , allowing both his leads to shine as the film builds to its powerful and beautifully conducted finale . Whether you 're a fan of drumming-based cinema or not you need to see it .
Writer-director Damien Chazelle , who previously co-scripted `` The Last Exorcism Part II , '' ascribes horror characteristics to a naturalistic story masterfully so that they are effective but never intrusive or gratuitous .
The film offers up a breathless battle of wills that inspire a whirlwind of emotions before leaving you on an exhilarated high .
It 's a musical , a sports movie and an ` inspirational teacher ' movie rolled into one -- and it subverts the clichés of all those genres .
Awash with buckets of blood , sweat and tears , Whiplash is a visceral vision of the quest for artistic perfection .
Go and see Whiplash . It 's as simple as that . Whiplash is incredible . I really ca n't believe how good Whiplash is . I ca n't stop telling people about Whiplash .
Could have easily been a sports film .
There 's an energy that 's undeniably spellbinding , but it feels too hollow .
The movie is a sleek machine . It 's viscerally thrilling , and distressingly hollow .
Whiplash finds the perfect amount of discomfort between emotional abuse and artistic glory .
This is as much psychological thriller as musical drama and it turns on the increasingly toxic chemistry between two clearly damaged people , to the exclusion of pretty much anyone else in the film .
Whiplash rises on the strengths of a brilliant , Oscar-winning performance from J.K. Simmons and a great soundtrack to complement it , turning what could have been a rather bland story of a determined drummer into something a little more memorable .
` Whiplash ' is whip-smart .
full of skill and technique and fury , but hollow at the core .
Utterly brilliant and intense .
This is a movie you can not forget . No wonder the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences nominated the film for Oscars in five categories .
J.K. Simmons excels in ` Whiplash 's ' hand-to-the throat storytelling .
The acting is what drums up the interest here . J.K. Simmons proves -- as most of us already know -- he 's a great actor and deserves more than acting for an insurance company .
Whiplash delivers a dark and dazzling jive into the hidden world of competitive playing . This is what happens when the kids from Fame meet the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket .
As close to a perfect film as you 're likely to see .
A more distasteful rendering of character and story I ca n't begin to imagine . I must be missing something .
Miles Teller 's Andrew pounds the drum skins as if his life depended on it . With J K Simmons ' chair chucker Fletcher around , it very nearly might .
For all its overripe contrivance , you 'll leave the cinema with a spring in your step and a thump in your chest , eager to bang the drum for what deserves to be one of the year 's real word-of-mouth hits .
Chazelle , training a keen eye on the proceedings , seems to delight in the spectacle of relentless punishment .
What gives the film such a kick , in spite of its improbabilities , is its raw and brutal but also very subtle portrayal of the shifting , attritional relations between teacher and student , sorcerer and apprentice .
I suggest you take a defibrillator to Whiplash , since the chances of a heart attack or spontaneous combustion during viewing are high .
Whiplash moves at a whipcrack pace that takes its rhythmic cues from drumming -LRB- some of the cuts are as fast as the beats in a Buddy Rich solo -RRB- .
Few relationships in recent cinema have been quite so compelling . Bring a welder 's mask to ward off sparks .
If you did n't think music could involve actual blood , sweat , and tears , this breathtakingly visceral coming-of-artistic-age drama will set you straight .
Simmons is unnervingly good as a teacher who rules by fear and the final showdown provides as gripping a climax as you will see all year .
Compelling , compulsive and excruciatingly funny , you ca n't take your eyes off the screen .
Whiplash is an extraordinarily taut , accomplished piece of work for a debut feature . It 's also unusual in having such a definite point to make - albeit perhaps a pretty objectionable one .
A hugely entertaining , refreshingly subversive take on the well-worn `` inspirational teacher '' theme .
Come the last beat , you 'll probably be exhausted . But you 'll also feel entertained , inspired and wonderfully alive . The ovation starts here .
In a nutshell : Judged on its own merits , Whiplash is superb : slick , authentic and infectious .
The film offers dark , ripsnorting fun if not , necessarily , an accurate portrait of life and times at premium music colleges .
It 's hard to think of another film that leaves us quite so out of breath .
If Facebook 's Marc Zuckerberg took jazz drumming lessons from Dr Hannibal Lecter , the result might look like this .
Whiplash is razor-sharp filmmaking about personal sacrifice and how far you 're willing to go in pursuit of a dream . It 's absolutely essential viewing .
Builds to a finale that 's somehow fist-pumpingly fantastic and utterly tragic at the same time . You 'll want back for more as soon as it 's over .
Not many films can capture electricity and bottle it , but Damien Chazelle is a conductor par excellence . If the final scene does n't move you in every sense , you 're a corpse .
Tense , hilarious , harrowing , brilliantly performed and masterfully directed .
Whiplash works incredibly well as a kind of psychological , academic scare , and it plays its way to a gigantic , emotionally powerful close .
As an ode to jazz , to the single-minded pursuit of greatness , and to the agony and exultation of jamming to one 's inner drummer , Whiplash hardly misses a beat .
Whiplash clefts music from dance , love and spirituality . What 's left is muscle , red and raw , beating faster and faster against a drum .
The race for the Academy Award for best supporting actor is probably over , with J.K. Simmons nearly guaranteed to take home this year 's crown with a performance that is both electric and unforgettable .
It 's the work of an accomplished talent .
-LSB- An -RSB- intense , brutal , and often comical tale of mentorship gone amok .
A bit of a letdown in terms of actual characterization and music appreciation , writer-director Damien Chazelle 's film is at least a thrilling litany of mind games and physical punishments .
Simmons is daunting and extraordinary from the moment Chazelle introduces the black-clad monster , but it is Teller , a former drummer , who carries the film .
`` I push people beyond what 's expected of them , '' Simmons tells Teller . `` I believe that 's an absolute necessity . '' You might say the same about the film .
Though Simmons gnaws through the screen with every glance , Teller 's a suitably brutal canvas .
I 've been bullied and I 've been a bully , and I do n't enjoy watching it onscreen . I loved Whiplash , though .
Chazelle 's plot twists grow increasingly ridiculous , prizing intensity over credibility , and the final act has the feel of a fever dream . I just could n't go with it .
The riveting tale of a power-tripping music teacher who pushes his star pupil to - and beyond - the brink .
If Chazelle 's primary objective was simply to present two grossly exaggerated and unsympathetic characters , then he 's succeeded in some style .
The movie swings - physically , musically , psychologically , racially .
Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are both phenomenal in their parts , playing off each other as brilliantly as one horn to another in a jazz ensemble .
It would be an insult to call Chazelle a `` promising '' filmmaker , as this movie does n't indicate mere potential - it is evidence of authentic , sometimes blazing talent .
A gorgeous ode to drumming , as art , as mastery and invention , as utterly thrilling experience .
While `` Whiplash '' easily ranks as one of the most riveting feature films about drumming and jazz in memory -LRB- an admittedly short list -RRB- , you do n't need to know a thing about either to relish this vibrant , timeless tale ...
Such a cooked-up piece of claptrap that I half expected Darth Vader to pick up the baton .
` Whiplash ' is electric from beginning to end , a musical story of obsession , frustration and outright cruelty built on two knockout performances .
Director Damien Chazelle , who based the story on his own experience as a student jazz drummer in the thrall of an Alpha task-master , has created a remarkably economical and claustrophobic piece of storytelling .
Make no mistake : It 's Simmons ' explosive , career-defining performance that really brings Whiplash to life .
Riveting
Writer-director Damien Chazelle has created a masterpiece , aided by superb acting by J.K. Simmons and Miles Teller .
This is about how we push ourselves , how others push us , and if any of that ends up mattering at all .
A simple plot synopsis might make Whiplash seem ordinary -- there 's even a little romantic subplot -- but that sort of reductive reporting misses the point of this beautifully crafted , nuanced and wonderfully energetic film .
`` Whiplash '' Follows the Beat of its own Drum .
Once it hits its stride , Whiplash gets so many things so right it starts to feel like the perfect-ten Ellington rendition its elite big bands play in the big competition .
Sharp , powerful , and engaging from the first frame on , Whiplash is as intense and satisfying as any movie in years .
Unyielding , unrelenting and unforgettable , this is a movie about music that never hits a sour note .
Even though the film is laser-focused , both Teller and Simmons reveal a remarkable amount of character depth and shading , elevating the clever screenplay to a challenging statement about modern culture .
The ferocious lead performances create a mesmerizing power struggle between teacher and pupil that 's both unsettling and thrilling .
Not since Black Swan has there been a movie that so successfully mined its own myopic intensity
Teller and Simmons play their parts as if possessed by demons .
`` Whiplash '' is intense , brutal and really bloody . Oh , and it 's a music drama . An engrossing , piercing force with which to be reckoned , barreling over reality into operatic theatrics so deliciously over-the-top they border on the surreal .
Smart , funny , and electrifying in its storytelling . Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons are nothing short of magical .
An enjoyable potboiler with just enough insight into alpha male desire to feel like something slightly deeper .
Incredible movie .
One of my year 's top picks . -LRB- Full Content Review -- Sex , Profanity , etc. -- for Parents also available -RRB-
The movie struck me as unreal and vaguely ridiculous ; I found it easy to imagine Will Ferrell in the role of Fletcher , a switch that would require no decrease in tantrums and no change in dialogue .
There was n't this much blood in Gladiator .
Abusive yet electrifying , defining the parameters of artistic sacrifice ...
Whiplash is a tense -LRB- but somewhat hollow -RRB- psycho-thriller that features a ferocious performance to remember from J.K. Simmons .
Movies set in a Juilliard-like music school are n't supposed to make your heart race in nervous anticipation . Yet that 's exactly why this taut drama rates as one of the year 's best .
A love poem to big band jazz and the dubious pleasures of sadistic mentoring , Whiplash is a movie version of a steel cage death match .
Teller is a great conduit for the sort of drive it takes to thrive in such circumstances .
Its climax is the most exhilarating stretch of film you 'll see all year .
Following a few compelling turns and sly plot twists , the final confrontation between gifted student and tyrannical teacher comes quickly , then ends on an equally sudden if just about perfect note .
Chazelle relies on contrivance and coincidence too often in the early going - music sheets that vanish without explanation , a pair of drumsticks improbably left behind - yet the movie 's forcefulness conceals its flaws much of the way .
A riveting confluence of energy , passion and broken blisters that serves as a tribute to the obsessive pursuit of excellence at any cost .
Whiplash is musical drama with a Hitchcock heart , a minor-key thriller set to a double time swing beat .
Whiplash is a powerful film headlined by two passionate performances .
A compelling , coming-of-age tale about a lifelong dream-turned-neverending nightmare , all because of a sadistic studio bandleader from Hell !
WHIPLASH offers Simmons a truly grand opportunity to be the vilest character of the year .
One of the most impactful student-teacher yarns in many moons .
Intense musical jolts with Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons .
Whiplash should `` wow '' its audiences .
Propulsive and persistent .
Primarily two actors and a jazz score , but the result is a crackling good drama that feels almost like a thriller . Smart , stylish and intense .
Packs enough energy to stock 10 movies
Whiplash smartly shows the sacrifices required to achieve greatness .
If audiences are n't wrapped up in the pulse-pounding swing of things from the start , they will be by the end .
Words fail to adequately describe just how everything down to the most minute detail converge into a climax that is at once exciting , scary , intense , joyous , heartbreaking , exhilarating , and altogether powerfully cathartic .
An indie Amadeus ... it 's the career-best performances by Simmons and Teller ... that make Whiplash unforgettable .
Whiplash is a gripping look at the complicated dynamic between talented students and the abusive teachers who make them thrive -LRB- or prey on them , depending on your feelings about this sort of thing -RRB- .
The film works , often wonderfully , as a remarkable visualization of jazz music - you feel it and breathe it , just like the musicians - and as a showcase for the two actors at its center .
Despite some electric moments between the leads , it may have been more compelling at 18 minutes than 107 .
The leads ' prolonged , puffed-feathers sparring is entertaining while it lasts , but the sensation of something sizable is only fleeting .
Drum boogie like crazy . Teller bleeds and sweats . J.K. Simmons is Oscar caliber .
Ultimately , `` Whiplash '' is n't just about jazz - and it 's not necessary to be a fan of the music to enjoy the film - but about life .
The film 's true subject is innate talent - for music , writing , painting , sculpture , plumbing , whatever - and the superhuman lengths we sometimes have to go to in order to wring it out of ourselves .
There is a `` Raging Bull '' physicality to Teller 's performance , along with a touch of Asperger syndrome , and Simmons brings a `` The Great Santini '' psychological intensity unlike anything in his nice-guy insurance commercials .
Specific as its world is , the questions it raises have application all over our culture . Thrilling as hell and ends on a perfect note
You have to take Whiplash 's tunnel vision for what it 's worth , the idea that there 's only one sort of perfection , only one school worth attending ... This kind of acting is to acting what a drum solo is to music .
At times , it evidences the qualities of a ca n't - turn-away car wreck : brutal and horrific yet compelling . At other times , it has the rhythms of a sports drama with all the ups and downs inherent in that genre .
The meanest , nastiest and most entertaining flick to ever pick up a set of drumsticks .
Writer-director Damien Chazelle has made a powerhouse drama about the level of dedication it takes to be great at something .
Horrifyingly hypnotic .
An intense , unmelodious , highly amped and probably unrealistic drama set in the fictionalized Schaefer Conservatory in New York .
Quite simply , Whiplash is one of the year 's best films .
It 's as much a horror movie as it is a keenly realized indie about jazz , about art , about what it takes to claim greatness .
The music is gorgeous , the way Chazelle photographs the musicians is improbably exciting , and every scene crackles with the intensity of fully engaged actors .
Student-teacher relations do n't get much more combative than what we see in Whiplash . And firebrand acting does n't get much better .
Chazelle may have given us a convenient bad guy with a cold heart , but he still leaves room for debate through the portrait of a protagonist who feels the weight of potential on his shoulders , but needs help lifting it heavenward .
J.K. Simmonds is amazing .
The searing performance of J. K. Simmonds as this Machiavellian maestro is the key to this film .
-LSB- Simmons gives -RSB- a crisp and nasty performance . The bullied submit , eyes cast down , relieved when they 're not the target of his hectoring . His insults are torn from the misogynistic , homophobic playbook .
An extremely confident , stylish , brash and superbly crafted melodrama that manages , in its contained story , to examine ambition , elitism , bullying , musicianship , scholarship and many other underlying themes . It is taut , rigorous and menacing .
Whiplash darts along at an urgent bebop pace and asks questions applicable to most fields : How much are you willing to endure for the chance to be great ? And what if cruelty is n't a better motivator than kindness ?
Oh , yes . It 's that good .
Whiplash is , at best , heightened realism . There 's no way that Fletcher could have gotten away with his teaching methods without serious legal - or physical - pushback long before Andrew comes along . But , as drama , it 's a crackling good time .
Damien Chazelle begins his film with a black screen , the sound of a drumbeat escalating into a frenzy , before we see Andrew isolated with his kit at the end of a hall . Tunnel vision . In one brief moment , Chazelle 's set his primary theme .
A richly dichotomous film that forges a rousing crowd-pleasing denouement from an act of complex immoral defiance .
A bruising , anger-scarred music academy drama not to be missed .
Its strength lies in the teaming of Teller and Simmons , who play their scenes together like an inspired jazz duet .
Nagging questions of genuine reaction to the malice at hand remain , it 's a dynamic piece of work , always on the verge of explosion as it surveys an unusually punishing creative skill .
Simmons is always good . Here , he is great . His brilliant performance is , if not the single best of the year , certainly among them .
Whiplash is an emotionally draining and spiritually challenging watch . But , in the end , it 's one that 's well worth every beating .
Whiplash has one of the best and most inspirational endings I 've ever seen that also works as a defence of fascism .
The film is based on Chazelle 's life but is fiction because reality is realising not everything is possible if we 're willing to try .
Whiplash is a ` jazz thriller ' and it 's exceptional , engrossing cinema .
... a consideration of the potential , value and cost of perfection .
It eventually subverts expectations in its final third to become truly special .
Whiplash is everything its snappy title suggests , and comes complete with a thunderous ending that leaves the entire film reverberating in your consciousness .
The ... great thing about `` Whiplash '' is the terrific use of music , particularly jazz , that had me tapping my toe through the whole film .
Teller grabs you with his commitment and drags you along through all the agony .
Frankly , I would urge viewers to see this film , if for no other reason , than for the final scene . It 's the kind of scene that involuntarily quickens your heart , makes your jaw fall open , and catches your breath .
The insightful writing and direction of filmmaker Damien Chazelle shines an unflattering light on the playing of mind games as a motivational tool .
There will be much talk about many aspects of this film come Oscar season , and editing had better be on that list .
It 's a mesmerizing and seductive presentation , with Oscar-caliber performances by its two leads .
The greatest testament to Chazelle 's accomplishment with these characters is that we dread what 's still to come for them .
Uplifting , heartbreaking , electrifying and terrifying , it 's a highly personal film but one with universal themes that we can all connect to .
As a stress-inducing exercise in cinematic asphyxiation , Whiplash is this year 's Gravity .
The explosive , ingeniously constructed mentor-from-hell drama Whiplash gives durable character actor J.K. Simmons the meatiest and mightiest role of his career .
Chazelle finds the cinematic equivalent of the white hat/black hat showdown in a classic Western but imbues it with equal parts physicality and intellectual grit .
At its best , `` Whiplash '' conveys with pungent detail the striving of young people eager to make their bones in a Manhattan that 's as foul and forbidding as it is seductive .
This is just a sports drama with a brass section .
As for the strangely exhilarating ending , it makes clear that what we have been watching is less a statement about art than a love story : a twisted one , but romantic in every sense .
To watch J.K. Simmons in `` Whiplash '' is always to be wondering what it is you 're seeing and what is going on in this man 's mind .
Simmons gives an indelible , Oscar-worthy performance here , yet he 's matched in every step by Teller , who shows us an intense young man who finds in music an order and sense that the world around him lacks .
In a bracing , complex turn that better earn a best supporting actor nomination , Simmons makes a terrifying jazz drill sergeant and one of the year 's best villains .
`` Whiplash '' is true to its title . It throws you around with impunity , yet Chazelle exerts tight , exacting control over his increasingly feverish and often weirdly comic melodrama .
Even with its flaws , `` Whiplash '' is very much worth seeing . With its shotgun acting , fierce direction and galvanizing music , it nails the most important notes .
It 's one of the most disturbing entertaining movies I 've seen in a long while .
Mixed martial charts : Damien Chazelle 's astonishing second feature is a musical ... a bold and bracing memento mori of the will to greatness , male ego , control , arrogance , talent , douchiness , selfishness , desire , hope , transcendence .
Think of Simmons ' verbal tirades as extended riffs , virtuoso variations on the theme of trial by ordeal .
An intensely exciting , unforgettably dramatic ride . J.K. Simmons reaches new heights with his ferociously manipulative , borderline bipolar performance .
`` Whiplash '' could become the first film to be picketed by the soccer moms of America . Let battle commence .
An intense , emotionally-charged and captivating triumph brimming with powerhouse performances by Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons . They both deserve an Oscar nomination .
Whiplash flows freely ; it 's literally full of improvisations in at least two art forms , but like all good jazz , it always knows where it is , and where it 's going .
Thrilling and disturbing in equal parts , Damien Chazelle 's magnificent film Whiplash , about a young jazz drummer obsessed with greatness and the sadistic teacher who pushes him to the brink , is a showcase in which fear , not harmony reigns .
Writer-director Damien Chazelle grabs us with his dynamic story and holds us in the palm of his hand from beginning to end .
Exhilarating and awful , Whiplash raises tough questions about ambition , sacrifice and what it takes to turn raw talent into legend .
Whiplash is a must see and will contend for the best film of 2014 . Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons deliver magnetic performances .
Compelling drama about relentless pursuit of perfection .
The editing -LRB- by Tom Cross -RRB- matches the film 's jazz rhythms , up to and including a climactic drum solo that 's more hold-your-breath suspenseful than a dozen superhero rooftop battles .
If the story is simple , Chazelle spins off on it , the way jazz players reinterpret old standards . His camera comes in close on instruments , fingers , blisters . Shots are cut together in clear but furious flurries .
A movie you feel as much as you see , and what you see is both exquisite and excruciating .
There 's a reason why the intensity of Whiplash is drawing comparisons to Full Metal Jacket .
Damien Chazelle stages S&M drum duels with strafing mastery . And Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons will blow you away . Beat the drums for a Simmons Oscar , and add a cymbal crash for Whiplash . It 's electrifying .
The title Whiplash is dead-on . That 's what it is ; that 's what it gives you .
Combustible performances and an admirable clarity in its focus on complex music .
Directing with a cool , steady hand that renounces shaky-cam the way Fletcher would denounce rock 'n roll , and getting strong performances from his two leads , Chazelle provides a potent metaphor for artistic ambition as both a religion and an addiction .
Some viewers of Whiplash may find it morally suspect , but after a final act that grips you by the throat and does n't let go , it 's doubtful they 'll mind .
Music instruction and combat are rarely linked in movies , and particularly not in the singularly riveting way they come together in Whiplash .
Whiplash is one of the most affecting and enjoyable movies of the year . Young director Damien Chazelle turns out to be a natural-born filmmaker with impressive chops .
Ultimately , what keeps Whiplash from becoming a joyride whose effects last only as long as its adrenaline rush are Simmons and Teller 's performances and Chazelle 's insight into Andrew 's personality .
`` Whiplash '' will instill not just respect but awe . It also happens to feature a pair of performances that eclipse all else around them .
This is a student film in rampant overdrive and it will attract attention and offers . So I just hope Mr. Chazelle does n't believe too much in his film 's dumb message .
Just like the music that drives this film , Teller and Simmons are in perfect rhythm .
The film is a stunning work that explores the price of great artistry , all the while demonstrating precisely what that looks like .
You may not even notice the flaws , since we get so many compelling layers to sift through .
It may get a few things wrong , but it aims at , and finally achieves , an authenticity at once more exalted and more primal than mere verisimilitude .
A spellbinding make-or-break movie aimed at those who have ever wanted to be good at something . At anything . It 's one of the year 's best films .
It 's an intense , blood-curdling , debatably cynical portrait of geniuses as sociopaths , or at least the ones who have to work at it .
Even if you could n't care less about jazz drumming ... Whiplash is a thrill to watch .
More Full Metal Jacket than Dead Poet 's Society , the film is an epic battle of wills between two fanatical artists , one doing everything in his power to painfully make a master out of the other .
Fletcher 's contention - and , by extension , that of the film - is n't the most defensible , but the fact that Chazelle is willing to make it at all certainly requires chutzpah .
Rarely has a movie shown so viscerally the utter pain that can accompany the bliss of creating good music .
You do n't have to be a jazz fan for Whiplash to zap you with its thrumming live-wire beat -LRB- although it does n't hurt -RRB- . If you can appreciate the sight of two totally dialed-in performers simmering until they boil over , that 's enough .
The two stars are fully committed to the concept that the pursuit of perfection does n't always triumph , and the film pounds in the temples with the feverish tempo of a jazz riff .
A mesmerizing drama about the toxic fallout from perfectionism and unbridled ambition .
The film 's aversion toward clichés and hitting expected beats lends it a rare , welcome edge of danger .
Absolutely harrowing ... one of the best pictures of the year .
Just keeps charging forward , forcing you to stay plugged in and get charged up by what this energizing film has to offer .
If Whiplash does n't quite hang together , Chazelle has still managed to pack it with some wonderful ideas ...
Chazelle 's terrific film takes us into the minds of two men searching for perfection .
Whiplash is the second feature written and directed by Damien Chazelle , who expanded it out of a short that played at Sundance last year , and he 's a true discovery .
In this intense music-themed drama , director-writer Damien Chazelle constructs a fearsome duet between his lead characters .
Surprising , intoxicating , euphoric and will undoubtedly be the greatest jazz drumming movie you see all year .
Director Damien Chazelle beautifully executes a film that puts the nature of the artist into dialogue .
In a performance that 's simultaneously incredibly entertaining and horrifying to watch , Simmons delivers every insult with such punctuating tenacity the audience could feel every seething syllable .
Imagine a cross between a David Mamet play and a violent UFC bout restaged in a music conservatory . You 're halfway there .
It 's best to throw logic out the door and give in to the riveting performances and compelling underdog story .
By far , the best part of the film is the last twenty minutes or so , and it 's so good that it almost makes up for some of the missteps along the way .
Andrew 's story breathes and moves like a song -- a jazz number , naturally -- which renders every turn , reveal , and twist of perspective a tremendous showstopper .
Whiplash is somewhat of a revelation in both its lead actors and in its ability to overcome a troublesome second act , and like many of the best films it also leaves audiences talking and debating the merits of its conclusion .
The movie has two mesmerizing performances by actors playing characters locked in near mortal combat .
Whiplash is a somewhat rare example of a heavily hyped film that lives up to said hype .
The year 's best pic to date is anchored by a bold performance from J.K. Simmons as a sadistic teacher of jazz .
A story that rarely breaks tempo , and it 's incredible performances will no doubt be marching into award ceremonies in the coming months .
A story that is engaging throughout , and the music is perfectly employed ... but it 's Teller and especially Simmons who make this one of the must-see films of 2014 .
Few movies can achieve the highest benchmark of ` perfection , ' and movies like Whiplash only come along once in a blue moon .
Yes , there have been many movies about abusive mentor relationships . Here , though , we 've got two artists at the top of their game plumbing the depths of defining artistic sacrifice . Pithy stuff .
`` Whiplash '' features some of the best minutes of film seen in 2014 . An ending that will bring tears to your eyes , dual performances that will have you applaud , and an experience that you surely will not forget .
Whiplash demands a physical and emotional reaction . It sucks us right into this battle of wills , and the fleeting triumphs and emotional scarring that is a result of it .
In the days since my rousing screening of the film I 've grown increasingly mystified by it ...
The thrill of watching Fletcher and Neyman 's fray unfold is intensified by Damien Chazelle 's attention to the craft and challenge of musicianship .
Featuring a remarkably hypnotic performance by J.K. Simmons ...
When an ambitious young musician -LRB- Miles Teller -RRB- strives to be a Buddy Rich class drummer , he nearly dies trying in a charged battle of wills with his thorny professor -LRB- J. K. Simmons -RRB- . The buzzy Sundance hit vibrates with life lived at fever pitch .
A riveting portrait of two people working out the theory that pressure turns coal into a diamond .
Think John Houseman in `` The Paper Chase '' with a touch of Jack Webb 's Marine drill sergeant in ` The D.I. , ' and you 'll get an idea of the extreme hazing and mind games from Simmons that push Teller toward the breaking point .
Savagely funny , gripping and exhilarating , Whiplash is a spectacularly accomplished sophomore feature from Chazelle , a taut psychological drama without an ounce of spare flesh on it .
This is a muscular and accomplished work of kinetic cinema built around two tremendous acting performances ...
Whiplash scrapes the far edge of crazy passion . It never apologizes .
Guaranteed to send you out of the theater on an adrenaline high .
Whiplash delivers an energy you 're lucky to feel once or twice on the big screen each year
Chazelle 's film has a sharp and gripping rhythm , with shots , beautifully edited by Tom Cross -LRB- Crazy Heart , Wrong Turn -RRB- , often cutting to the crash of Andrew 's drums .
The entire cast is impressive , but unfortunately , Whiplash rarely raises itself above amiably decent .
Whiplash is ... full of bravado and swagger , uncompromising where it needs to be , informed by great performances and patient with both its characters and the things that matter to them .
Even if Whiplash falters from time to time , the performances never do .
The film is gripping , funny and inspiring : Imagine `` The Karate Kid '' with Mr. Miyagi played by R. Lee Armey .
Award-worthy performances by J.K. Simmons and Miles Teller .
Demolishes the cliches of the musical-prodigy genre , investing the traditionally polite stages and rehearsal studios of a topnotch conservatory with all the psychological intensity of a battlefield or sports arena .
Miles Teller and J.K. Simmons go toe-to-toe in a potent drama about an ambitious young drummer and his abusive teacher .
It 's rare to see a film about music that professes its love for the music and its characters equally .
A triumphant coming of age tale , and an inverse , perverse , modern Amadeus .
Will have audiences cheering and begging for an encore .

@highlight

Intense , inspiring , and well-acted , Whiplash is a brilliant sophomore effort from director Damien Chazelle and a riveting vehicle for stars J.K. Simmons and Miles Teller .