An American comedy for the other America .
Subtitled heist movie for teens and up scores .
However derivative the film may be , director Menendez and writer Henrickson infuse a zippy energy and a fair amount of personality into this tale .
While it 's easy to lambaste a film that 's obviously derived from an inspirational predecessor , props go to successfully advancing a U.S.-created plotline and uniquely delivering a story that stands on its own .
Mostly it 's silly caper stuff that works moderately well .
Painfully didactic storytelling .
Ladron leans far too heavily on a lifeless script and sluggish pacing to get its well-worn point across . The film 's been-theres and done-thats are widespread .
Ladr % uFFFDn is slight and silly , and plays happily within its limitations .
Comic touches are obvious and broad , while helmer Joe Menendez lacks the essential energy for a vital heist entertainment .
This film is like Ocean 's Eleven if directed by Robin Hood and financed by Telemundo .
The con they carefully plan is perilous and close to impossible , but the outcome is surprisingly heart-warming and satisfying .
This good-natured genre piece gets the job done while sneaking in a couple of pointed observations about contemporary Latino immigrant life .
Needlessly complicated and kind of silly .
The movie is primarily about fantasy , and everything is exaggerated to such a degree that you play along .
If you want dangerous schemes to be light-hearted entertainment , you 've got to make allowances . Besides , the payoffs are worth it - in any language .
While the caper attempts to ape the Ocean 's style ... it proves to be a pale immitation when it comes to sparkling repartee and crisp pacing .
International talents converge for an entertaining genre exercise .
Easygoing heist flick .
Grand Hollywood entertainment for and about a long-ignored culture that 's just now starting to sense the potential vastness of its own economic and political influence .
It 's good vs. evil on a plain , flat playing field , but this welcoming minimalism only seems to embolden the entertainment factor of the film , instead of simplifying its appeal .
It 's refreshing to see a bit of escapism that takes place in contemporary Southern California as seen , and lived , by those uninterested in aping the Ocean 's 13 vibe of ice-coolness .
A long overdue Hollywood overture to America 's Latino immigrant community .
Such a Spanish-translated mash-up of Ocean 's Eleven and Out of Sight that George Clooney may want to call his attorney .
Ladrón 's earnest tone works against the film 's hoped-for irreverent stance , and Menendez 's slack pacing undercuts the project 's attempt to offer a viable alternative to Hollywood fare .
Ocean 's Seven at best ... a puny heist comedy that 's nowhere near as clever or amusing as it thinks it is .
Elegant , gentle and often quite hilarious .




@highlight

The light and comic Ladron que roba a Ladron is n't deep or hugely substantial , but it 's still a very fun heist flick nonetheless .