... a disappointingly generic offering that contains few elements designed to capture and sustain one 's interest ...
The movie was mostly boring , and the ending could have been better ... it 's pretty forgettable .
The horrors we get from 47 Meters Down are admirably raw .
But on its own B-movie terms 47 Meters Down works just fine , not wearing out its welcome thanks to its quick set-up , rapid pacing and brief running time .
All of this is pretty gripping overall , but this sort of thing relies on character .
It 's summer , and if seeing a kinda-dumb shark-freak-out movie sounds good , then book this 90-minute cheapie cruise .
For those of you that do end up surrounded by sharks for whatever reason , take great notice of what these characters do so you can do the exact opposite
It 's not the smartest terror film under water , but it serves to kill time if you do not take it too seriously . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
47 Meters Down : A Shark-Thrilling Tale of Survival
... there are many other countless cliches . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a cheap attempt with disastrous results ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
That is Roberts ' biggest problem because in spite of managing to keep the obviously slight narrative ticking over such that it never gets excruciatingly dull , we never really get to care either - and thus the killer twist at the end is totally wasted .
The sharks , who intimidate more when their presence is sensed than when they actually appear on the scene , are just an excuse to justify the impossibility of the protagonists to escape from that hell . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Shark wise the film is well done . The computer sharks move smoothly and there is no `` super-shark '' that shows up like in last summer 's disappointing `` The Shallows . ''
Once it gets past the ho-hum introduction , 47 Metres Down becomes a tense thriller that makes the most of its claustrophobic setting .
... has a terrible cheat ending that ruins whatever mojo it manages to work up .
-LRB- Roberts -RRB- does a first-class job of exploiting that near-universal fear of `` what lies beneath '' . If you do n't have it already , you will after this .
To put it bluntly , this movie celebrates sheer stupidity .
British director Johannes Roberts , with good work from cinematographer Mark Silk , allows the undersea action to unfold like a procedural , so that the details ratchet up the tension .
It 's not a great film but , once the preliminary scenes on terra firma are over and we descend to a place we do n't belong , it delivers an hour or so of sustained physical and psychological terror .
On paper , the elements for suspense - sharks , rapidly depleting oxygen , a cage , risk of the bends - are all there , but on screen they add up to a whole lot of visual blah .
By the standards of cheap shark thrillers , the film is perfectly serviceable , but it 's certainly no more than that .
Though the heroines make some terribly dumb moves in their bid to survive the ordeal , the script 's clever reminders about deep-sea dos and do n'ts will keep viewers invested in ascertaining the final outcome .
It 's tense , edge-of-your-seat stuff ... for a while .
British director Johannes Roberts handles the escape-room mechanics with competence , but without much flair .
British director Johannes Roberts makes decent use of the murk -LRB- the film was largely shot in a tank in London -RRB- and the sisterhood theme gives the film a broader appeal than , say , The Shallows .
Despite being weighed down by its own silly logic and overwhelming fondness of clunky exposition , 47 Meters Down is not completely void of flavour or merit .
It 's a solid summer thriller .
This low-budget shark attack film reminds one of the straight-to-video B-movies of the 1980s .
The stars do what they can with the script and scuba tanks , and all in all it 's two stars but oddly viewable .
Johannes Roberts 's popcorn movie is compulsive viewing for those of us who will happily watch any film with sharks in it : the predators are soon circling . Under closer analysis , though , it does n't stand up too well .
As diverting , if slightly naff , entertainment , 47 Meters Down has just enough bite to sustain itself .
A movie to be laughed at , not with , but there 's pure popcorn pleasure to be found in its unapologetic schlock .
It 's a simple idea , but an effective one , and Mr Roberts strings it out for 85 minutes with some clever twists and turns .
47 Metres Down attempts and mostly succeeds to scare and chill .
This is a cheerfully superficial film that orchestrates effective , and sometimes surprisingly nasty , thrills with unpretentious efficiency .
Pleasingly less prurient and more female-empowered than many `` women in peril '' creature features .
After the success last year of The Shallows , here 's another schlocky but brazenly entertaining thriller pitting American woman against homicidal shark in Mexico .
47 Metres Down should n't be sniffed at , its plum supply of nerve-wracking scenarios capably playing to our phobias of deep sea depths and hungry sharks .
-LSB- it 's not -RSB- a rip-off of last year 's The Shallows ... 47 Meters Down was completed before The Shallows was released . While comparatively not quite as good , if watching 20-foot great white sharks stalk young women is your thing , then here you have it .
This film is as daft as a brush but has enough laughs and scares to pull it out of Sharknado territory .
The result is not fin-tastic . It ai n't Jawsome . But , this dumb monster fun swims along nicely , waving , not drowning .
An ill-advised twist in the tale leaves you feeling foolish for ever taking it seriously .
A fiendishly effective holiday-gone-wrong thriller that 's better at cranking up the agoraphobic action than fleshing out its characters .
A silly but intensely terrifying addition to the wave of shark thrillers out there .
An unpretentious film whose destiny it is to toil in the shadow of Steven Spielberg 's Jaws .
If you are a fan of Jaws or The Shallows you will be disappointed as 47 Metres Down is nowhere near the same depth .
47 Metres Down is competently enough made but suffers from a plot almost as rickety as the ancient cage in which the two sisters descend into the deep to view the sharks .
In an age where we are inundated with countless CG shark features , even though they are unapologetically shoddy , most have a great deal more imagination than this limp , insipid , killer fish thriller .
This tale of two sisters trapped in a shark cage on the ocean floor serves up some undeniably tense moments ...
As the bloodthirsty sharks surround the women , Roberts creates a suffocating and terrifying atmosphere .
47 Metres Down is great fun -- despite a slightly dodgy twist ending clunkily telegraphed halfway through the film -- and Moore and Holt carry the drama well .
Clever , claustrophobic premise elevates mediocre shark thriller .
The most frustrating thing is , there 's the bones of a decent film here .
By the end you 'll be cheering for the surprisingly under-utilised sharks and marvel even more at just how good The Shallows really was in comparison .
The script is a particular disaster area . `` Emotional '' beats between the sisters , dismally mistimed , prompt guffaws .
It is a slightly terrifying , slightly maddening shark movie . We will likely need a week or so before swimming in the ocean again , which is all we ever want from a shark movie !
This low budget but highly-effective horror film is exactly the kind of movie that legendary Hollywood D-movie producer Roger Corman would have knocked out in the '70s : plenty of writhing female limbs , no surprises .
does exactly what it needs to do in setting up a precarious situation , trapping its protagonists , and then forcing us to endure their panic , fear , resilience , and hope , the latter of which is more often than not dashed at just the wrong moment
If `` 47 '' did nothing more than be less predictable , it still would n't match `` The Shallows . '' And if `` The Shallows '' had been less predictable , it still would n't match `` Jaws . ''
47 Meters Down is a film that gets completely lost in the depths of its miniature ocean and ultimately becomes beholden to its shallow , Sisyphean script .
Those seeking the heart-pumping adrenaline of a summer shark flick wo n't be disappointed .
A shark chomping on a discarded typewriter could n't have come up with something so unintelligible .
... completely packed to the brim with tension .
Any incremental gains civilization may have made have been wiped out , obliterated without a trace by the fact of this film 's existence . It 's an affront . An atrocity .
The scenario is terrifying . Yet , this movie is n't as scary as it probably should be . And it certainly is n't as scary as it probably wanted to be given how many times we see shark teeth graze human skin .
Even at 89 minutes , you can feel the oxygen running out of this movie .
The film contrives to fill its thin 85 minutes with dicey escape attempts and a fake-out that horror buffs will recall from a better film best left unnamed .
For an hour or so it 's a reasonably entertaining B movie . I just wish it had sustained that entertainment all the way to the end .
Just consider it shark weak .
The conflict , like the central plot element , is just deep enough to work .
It 's gratifying to see a summer popcorn movie where a simple idea goes a long way .
In many ways , 47 Meters Down completes a successful narrative dive , but in other ways it gets stuck in the shallows .
This nifty little B-movie is surprisingly satisfying .
An extremely simple idea unfolds into a no-frills thriller that 's so insidiously gripping that it verges on throttling ; shark fans should n't miss seeing this on the big screen .
While the movie is not perfect ... 47 Meters Down should please folks who want to see a suspenseful , simple story about survival against all odds .
Teases a conclusion punctuated with blood or salvation , but manages to contrive both via a screenplay that would impress professional contortionists .
Starlet vs. Shark . It 's a sure sign of summer .
The dialogue is so flaccid it would even be trite if it were only a home movie .
This underwatater thriller is suspenseful and scary - until a third act twist turns out to be ridiculous .
Originally slated for a VOD release , and it feels like it : the few moments of simple tension quickly dissipate in the murky and not very shark-infested depths .
Blame it on the nitrogen narcosis , but this is what summer flicks used to be all about -- small , quick , a little scary and very silly , even if it 's not intentional .
It has its exciting moments . Both Ms. Moore and Ms. Holt are beautiful , dangling and kicking their lovely long white legs - the shark-bait equivalent of a matador 's red cape to the bull .
47 Meters Down is a cheap summer thriller with a bite , B-movie fare that 's heavy on empty calories but engrossing enough to consume as a one-time only guilty pleasure .
A moviegoer may find 47 Meters Down too shallow to be worth sticking to the final reel .
The underwater thriller 47 Meters Down works so well as a nail-biting example of nonstop tension for one reason : its matter-of-fact credibility .
47 Meters Down is a fun kind of bad .
This is , as such things go , a first-rate summer scare throwaway . You plunk down your money to get a few jolts , to curl your toes during the suspense and laugh at the stupidity of the calamity procession the script gets away with .
It 's taut and suspenseful , and there 's a jittery vibe to the whole thing .
The movie 's saving grace is the visceral response that sharks produce , even more than four decades after Jaws first had audiences screaming .
Johannes Roberts films of the ocean like it was the ultimate hell dimension , and each set piece jangles your nerves and tingles your spine .
This film is hardly purporting to be a rich character study ... rather , it 's a study in anxious fear , and to that end , it 's brutishly effective .
While the plot is a bit shaky in parts , the overall effect of creating needed tension and some outright , out-of-your-seat jumps of fright is quite effective .
The dialogue is terrible . Moore and Holt are likable enough actresses , but they sound like Romy and Michelle on a deep-diving expedition .
47 Meters Down is a decent , yet unremarkable , survival thriller that 's little more than disposable summer entertainment .
Such depth is lacking in this shallow thriller .
The screenplay by Johannes Roberts and Ernest Riera is a weirdly clunky work that never seems to know what it 's doing .
Sustains an admirable tension and claustrophobia , even when the movie sometimes veers into silliness . Still , surprisingly effective .
We 'll have to wait for another attempt to dethrone 42-year-old Bruce the Shark from his role as king of the cinematic seas . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
47 Meters Down is an impressive picture from a technical perspective . It 's a shame the dialogue is n't given the same consideration .
It more or less gets the job done -LRB- especially if you 're handing out bonus points for a title that traffics in the metric system -RRB- .
47 Meters Down is one of the more flawed and forgettable shark movies in recent years .
This flick is a summer diversion , pure and simple , so do n't expect a deep message . Except , that is , when you go on vacation next , leave your scuba diving equipment at home .
Intensity gives way to silliness , especially in a final act that tries to shock viscerally and then psychologically , failing at both
47 Meters Down practically writes itself as far as tension goes , but that does n't mean a few killer screams ca n't go above and beyond .
A formulaic but effective thriller about two sisters trapped beneath the waves in shark-infested waters .
47 Meters Down may not be a `` perfect movie , '' but it 's a perfectly fun cinematic experience all the same . I highly recommend seeing this one on the big screen to really get the impact of what Roberts accomplishes here visually .
47 Meters Down sinks rather than swims , even if there are a few buoyant moments along the way .
Dumb-dumb . Dumb-dumb . Dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb-dumb ...
... a jump scare movie that frequently defies logic . The camera closes tightly on the faces of Moore and Holt , darkness obscuring what 's lying in wait , flashlights and flares suddenly illuminating gaping , toothy maws mere feet away .
`` 47 Meters Down '' - despite a clever final section - struggles to extract tension from clamor and agitation .
Most of the movie is tense and well-crafted , making great use of the murky depths surrounding the characters .
-LSB- T -RSB- he problems arise in the movie 's inconsistency with its established rules ... and the invention of more complications than are really necessary .
A lean and mean little B-movie that skillfully plays on our fear of what lies beneath the waves . Director Johannes Roberts ratchets up the tension with precision .
47 Meters Down is uniquely terrifying , offering an authentic exploration of a nightmare scenario , treating sharks as keen predators , but not evil villains .
47 Meters Down is a shark movie light on sharks . It is a weak entry in the genre with laughably foolish characters .
The only thing this so-called thriller has going for it is widescreen cinematography by Mark Silk .
The film functions less as a great thriller than as a good pitch to shift vacation travelers away from ocean trips toward ski holidays .
The movie 's third act takes an abrupt swerve in a less plausible , more heightened direction , serving up the conventional heroics that acts one and two had studiously avoided .
What unfolds is a smart , tense nail-biter that 's bound to leave some clinging to the shoreline this summer .
`` 47 Meters Down '' creates moments of genuine dread and terror-driven giggles -LRB- at least for this shark-phobic critic -RRB- , but its script is dumber than a bucket of chum .
A nifty little summer scare movie that looks great on the big screen and delivers a timely warning that it 's never safe to go back in the water .
In an era that has descended to ` Sharknado ' -LSB- this is -RSB- a fairly toothless entry in the ` Jaws ' - inspired genre .
The luckiest DTV production of all time , ready to cash in on summer expectations for aquatic mayhem , but it only offers a few select thrills and even less shark-based violence .
A tight , concise little water web of peril , tension and excitement that builds to something you totally wo n't see coming , unless someone spoils it for you , at the end .
A movie that 's meant to fill this summer 's smart-low-budget-thriller slot . Except it 's not very smart and it 's not very thrilling .
An effectively disorienting undersea aesthetic and some inspired late jolts and chills ca n't fully counterbalance the schlock that keeps dragging this one down .
If you 're looking for the most unexpected surprise of the summer movie season , it 's probably going to be 47 Meters Down .
We 're going to need a bigger cage . The `` Jaws '' jokes write themselves with `` 47 Meters Down , '' a surprisingly effective shark-in-the-dark thriller that makes for frighteningly fun summer escapism .
A pretty basic survival thriller , but it 's definitely helped by the very good performance by Mandy Moore .
Has a hint of `` Wait for Netflix '' about it , but that denies you the fun of sitting in the dark , hooting , shrieking and talking back to the screen with a hundred other fans of shark cinema cheese
Like Lisa and Kate 's pendular swings between hope and despair , Johannes Roberts 's film ca n't help alternating between the genuinely terrifying and the just plain dumb .
If you are a fan of shark flicks , this is a must see and one that will leave you gasping for air .
-LSB- It -RSB- In the Deep is one of the most surprising releases in quite some time .
It never gets as stupid or boring as ` Worry Dolls ' , but it does n't have enough virtues to go beyond that . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In the Deep overcomes the suspense of The Shallows but with the special effects of a very commercial action movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

47 Meters Down does n't take its terrifying premise quite as far as it should , but its toothy antagonists still offer a few thrills for less demanding genre enthusiasts .