A self-important , stock indie that finds a way to hit every superficial cliche possible and still has the audacity to flaunt itself as a thoughtful look at teenage romance .
Pathetic . Nothing but an over-privileged filmmaker mining his prep school diaries for narcissistic roleplay .
Excellent performances by Freddie Highmore and Emma Roberts make this one an enjoyable watch .
Gets by . Barely .
An easygoing film that 's not as quirky as it wants to be and does just enough to make you glad you watched .
This film tries to be a rallying cry for the disenfranchised youth of today . Not being a disenfranchised youth of today , it was mostly lost on me .
None of this first feature from writer-director Gavin Wiesen rings true , and most of it is preposterous and self-conscious .
It 's a story that 's been told numerous times and with more élan .
It 's a glib , smug movie , its smart , upper-middle-class Manhattan attractively photographed , and George 's problems are painlessly solved .
How much you enjoy The Art of Getting By will probably rest on whether you 'd like to give its loafer hero a hug or a slap .
Even by the standards of mopey teen rebels , this one really is a dreadful little prat .
The Art Of Getting By is not the horror show some US critics might have you believe ; there are a lot of problems , but it 's more than possible to look beyond them and find the still plentiful moments of quality and endearment beneath .
A glossy fudge .
There may be worse films showing right now , but there sure is n't one quite this forgettable .
Writer-director Gavin Wiesen piles on the coming-of-age clichés , and it does n't help that his leading character has oddly middle-aged tastes .
A big yawn , bereft of drama , surprise or any discernible point .
You 'll feel like swatting Freddie Highmore with a rolled-up newspaper the size of a railway carriage while watching this supremely annoying film , a teen drama populated by vulnerable indie moppets .
Ultimately it 's just hard to warm to George or care a jot about his teenage angst .
The bright cast holds our interest , but the corny , too-cute plot will only be of interest to pre-teen girls .
Watchable indie-by-numbers , enlivened by likeable performances from Emma Roberts and Michael Angarano ...
Not funny , quirky , or particularly insightful .
Wiesen 's gossamer-thin tale asks a lot of Highmore , who could unkindly be referred to as the missing link between child stars Nicholas Boult and Haley Joel Osmont .
A likeable debut from director Gavin Wiesen that will appeal to teens . And , my , has n't that Freddie Highmore grown up .
Though woozily shot and well acted , embracing Gavin Wiesen 's low-key coming-of-ager depends on whether you find its hero a self-important prick .
Feels a little far-fetched that this hip chick would have oddball George round to party on Manhattan 's rooftops with her ultra cool friends , let alone grow to fancy him .
A flat and pretentious teen drama that rings false at every turn .
One tedious slog of a movie .
Teenage angst tales have been told better than in `` The Art of Getting By , '' a story that 's easily predictable if you have seen many coming-of-age movies .
It revels in coming of age genre clichés while at the same time subverting them , first-time writer/director Gavin Wiesen showing equal part talent and equal part mediocrity in his handling of the picture and its themes .
I did n't laugh a lot and there were numerous bad music cues prompting me to feel something .
Every pointless moment is visually dull , too , shot like a bland TV update of Some Kind of Wonderful .
Another sad-sack ode to the allure that cigarettes and Albert Camus have to a very near-sighted kind of young American males .
An appealing small fry in such films as Finding Neverland and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , Highmore now turns up in his first significant role in years . To quote Fred Willard in A Mighty Wind , `` Hey , wha ' happened ? ''
Despite good performances by the leads , the action proceeds in dutiful lockstep , touching predictable dramatic bases to the accompaniment of predictable pop songs .
the story is filmed beautifully , but the spark of savage passions that should run through the experience like the gash of a bleeding wound is not there
Freddie Highmore became famous as a child actor in films like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory , but he 's thoroughly unprepared for the challenges of an adult leading role .
This affected Wes Anderson clone -LSB- is -RSB- sheer drudgery to watch .
Inconsistent coming-of-age film includes teen drinking .
Not all motion pictures are worth a thousand words . `` The Art of Getting By '' is n't even worth the price of a movie ticket .
A fairly typical coming-of-age drama ...
The Art of Getting By is a coming-of-age story about a geeky misfit who wo n't do any school work . It 's not as riveting as it sounds .
The vapidity of The Art of Getting By goes beyond the anthill-sized dramatic stakes . The dialogue , while occasionally epigrammatic , is tone-deaf to individual speech rhythms .
The Art of Getting By wants to be sweet and insightful , but ends up scattered and slight .
When a film covers familiar ground , as this coming-of-age story does , it had better offer an original point of view or , at the very least , interesting characters . The Art of Getting By has both , and while it loses its footing now and then , its ...
A New York City boy-meets-girl story may be something we 've seen many times before and often better , but Wiesen brings something unique to the mix .
The beginnings of a very good coming-of-age movie are in here , waiting to ripen .
It 's a funny coincidence that `` The Art of Getting By '' is about a struggling teenage artist , since the writing is so paint by numbers .
The best thing I can say is , it 's not that bad .
Adds absolutely nothing new to the chronic mopery and unattractive self-regard that have come to characterize an increasingly tiresome genre .
This is anything but a Sundance sensation . It 's just a grungy-dressed Tinseltown rom-com . And it 's light on the `` rom '' and the only `` com '' is Yours Truly yelling , `` AW , COM ON ! '' to the screen . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
In writer-director Gavin Wiesen 's debut feature , nothing that ever happens in real life happens ...
There was not much to like from this film . The dialogue was bland ; the story was lame and felt nothing like what real life is all about .
A dull yet extremely self-important drama about rich , badly parented kids who feel sorry for themselves .
-LSB- George 's -RSB- nihilism is dull from the offset . It establishes him as the ultimate kind of passive protagonist .
The Art of Getting By , while not original in any sense , represents a calling card for filmmaker Wiesen that could open a door or two for the director -LRB- but not the writer -RRB- .
So many scenes are just duds , especially the ones that try to get two plot points across in one scene , one interrupting another .
An utterly fraudulent coming-of-age story .
The most real love story of its time
For anyone not in a similar state of age-related solipsism - i.e. , anyone outside the 16 - to 25-year-old age bracket - this is more than a little annoying .
There 's little art in it , and it does n't get by .
There are several lessons to be learned in `` The Art of Getting By , '' though all arrive too late to save this well-meaning but dreadfully executed movie .
Though Highmore and Roberts are appealing performers , Wiesen never gives us much reason to care about them .
You would n't surf past `` Say Anything '' to find it , but `` Art '' is a decent-enough entry in an overcrowded genre .
A half-baked little movie that proves indies can be every bit as boringly formulaic and artistically bankrupt as their big-budget brethren .
Smart and sweet enough to become the favorite film of some Midwestern adolescent who wrongly believes he 's already seen the dark side .
Has what it takes to move the viewer , at least sporadically . Boy , though . The rest of it sure is pedestrian .
Though it does n't fully resonate as a romance , it is effective as a character study .
nauseatingly contrived
A charm-free wisp of a movie about that most annoying of recent archetypes : the mopey , privileged adolescent .
The Art of Getting By premiered at Sundance in January as Homework , a title that more accurately reflects the arduousness of sitting still through this flaccid , endlessly irksome coming-of-age drama .
Feels like a movie written for older characters then tweaked with Jesse Eisenberg or knockoff Michael Cera in mind . It settles for Highmore , still looking ready to visit Willy Wonka 's candy factory despite the cigarettes and slacker-chic overcoat .
Even slumped over Camus , Highmore 's a charmer -- and he carries the movie well on his slim shoulders .
Hollow and pretentious .
Someday every overprivileged , misunderstood high school boy who has ever come of age in New York will have his own movie , and one good thing about `` The Art of Getting By '' is that it brings that day , the day we can move on to other matters , a little closer .
To paraphrase Tolstoy -LRB- or , really , to mash up Tolstoy with J.D. Salinger -RRB- , all unhappy adolescences are alike - or at least they look that way when condensed into 90-odd minutes of privileged self-pity .
If the film is at all autobiographical , maybe writer/director Gavin Wiesen is remembering seeing 2008 's `` The Wackness , '' ... or 2006 's `` Art School Confidential , '' ...
Memo to Gavin Wiesen : If 35-year-old actors could deliver the same dialogue as your teenage protagonists without the audience noticing the difference , you need a rewrite .
Basically a collection of subplots for its lead character to look upon with smug insights while never having the stones to actually resolve any of them until a third act when we are long past the point of caring .
In his writing/directing debut , Gavin Wiesen is both shamelessly derivative and inept .
There are pieces of The Art of Getting By that are interesting or entertaining , but the whole is far less than the sum of its parts thanks to the lopsided romance at its center .
For all his reliance on teen-movie formula , writer-director Gavin Wiesen is surprisingly adept at depicting messy emotions and capturing the spontaneity of adolescence .
At the end , I was wondering , what is the point ?
Like Highmore 's character , The Art Of Getting By takes a frustratingly long time to commit to any choices .
Every scene , and nearly every moment , makes you wonder if Wiesen has talent .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- In spite of its many clichéd flaws `` The Art of Getting By '' does nail the aloof quality of entitled teens who posture at maturity without doing the dirty work of growing up .
The insipid quality of the writing strands both characters in narrative limbo ; trapped in the airtight mold of their coming-of-age avatars , they release no light and they take none in .
The blend of melancholy , whimsy and emotional honesty in the performances by its young stars make this film more tolerable and affecting than it deserves to be .
If it 's ultimately a failure then it 's a well-meaning one - the kind made by people who care about storytelling and do n't just want to blow things up for a living . We 've already got one Michael Bay , and that 's enough .
If not for its lack of self-awareness , The Art of Getting By would seem to be a spoof of ennui-inflicted teen dramas .
George spends a lot of time in his own head , but we 're not in there with him .
A by-the-book `` quirky '' indie romance .
George is n't always the most appealing guy , and that complexity is welcome , with Highmore sharing credible chemistry with Roberts , also submitting pleasing work as the object of desire .
Even at 85 minutes , -LSB- it -RSB- feels longer than it should , enough so to feel much more like its original title : Homework .
The players are not so much teens as miniature adults , dissecting their own natures with insightfulness that typically comes through decades of reflection , if it comes at all .
Old Holden would call the whole movie phony , and I agree , if you want to know the truth .
Unlike most recent coming-of-age movies , this one gets by on more than capricious eccentricity and sentimentality . It has something called heart .
While Roberts glows , she deserves more than this flimsy , underwritten part . The humdrum romance flunks out .
... a limp , lifeless and rote retread , utterly unconvincing in most of its New York details and so overly familiar it might as well have been titled ` Tadpole Goes Down an Infinite Playlist '
A spunky coming-of-age drama that reveals that this transitional stage of life is not a solo act but a communal one requiring the encouragement and support of many different people .
It 's another wan tale of an anti-social teen who finds himself irresistible to the sweetest , prettiest girl in school .
Ugh ! For a movie devoted to an alleged geek-rebel underdog , this coming-of-age flick could n't be more conformist ...
Gavin Wiesen 's first film , as passive and vanilla as its title , continues the numbing trendlet begun in 2008 with Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist : dramatizing the stupefying dullness of privileged white teenagers in New York City .
The chief function of this trite debut feature appears to be as a job application for its writer-director to join the Hollywood rom-com assembly line .
Gavin Wiesen is cooking with a recipe in his screenplay , and it 's a bland reheated one .
This would be a good film to watch if you were cramming for your Indie Films of the 2000s final and did n't have time to see everything on the syllabus .
Somewhat vanilla JUNO-clone . Not an awful film , but nothing that sticks out , especially at Sundance .
There 's an inherent lack of dramatic thrust here . If George ca n't even admit he 's in love , I 'm not going to wait around for him to figure it out .
Homework is an epitome of the quirky , coming of age trend at Sundance , a hollow but likable enough comedy headed for modest box office .
Facile , formulaic and utterly charm-free .


@highlight

A sitcom-level twee mess that bakes in the typical manic pixie dream girl and boring , withdrawn boy hero .