The story is n't particularly sophisticated -- everything whips together more conveniently than a Sunday-night drama -- but the film itself is gripping .
... in the end it is clear that , beyond the human capital of those involved -LRB- which ends up being translated into economic capital -RRB- , the commitment to this humanity is lost . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Glossy and engrossing , Human Capital unfolds like a variation on one of those films that spend two hours showing how a handful of seemingly unrelated characters are connected .
the film is so gripping , so mounting in its suspense that even as you struggle to keep together all its intertwining stories , you ca n't look away .
Virzì 's execution of Human Capital is like a fine tightrope balancing act in which slight changes in balance or center of gravity reveal different aspects of human nature .
Riveting in an insidious way , this Italian drama continues the long-standing European filmmaking tradition of excoriating the bourgeoisie .
Mark Osborne brings the innocence of the story and characters created by Saint-Exupéry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An accurate portrait of human greed with a wide range of emotions that go from comedy to thriller . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Human Capital treads similar structural and thematic ground as Crash and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu 's first three films , coming away with some of the advantages of the latter films and the weaknesses of all .
An elegant thriller , a portrayal of pain , vanity and social inequity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It feels like an overproduced soap opera with good acting . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film is further undone by an overwrought ending and toneless conclusion that proves too soft to energize the movie 's implied though underdeveloped social critique .
Valeria Bruni Tedeschi contributes an affecting performance as the rich boy 's spiritually bereft mother , whose self-worth has been smothered by luxury .
Italian film weaves three lives from different social strata into a complex whole
`` Human Capital '' manages to be deeply affecting , while also being sharply cynical .
This sharp Italian drama exposes social injustice without neglecting the humanity of its characters .
Paolo Virzi 's electrifying film is a murder mystery . The main question is , Who killed Italian society ?
It holds attention through Virzi 's storytelling skill and an excellent cast , who portray the often devastating turns of fate presented here with a welcome sense of restraint , allowing internalization to do most of the heavy lifting .
With its stylish lines and creamy production values , `` Human Capital '' combines the luxurious look of a classic wish-fulfillment fantasy with a stinging critique of capitalism 's excesses and psychic costs .
In `` Human Capital , '' the destinies of two Italian families become intertwined after a hit-and-run accident in which the victim is a waiter .
Human Capital transplants the action from Connecticut to a wealthy suburb of Milan , but the theme remains the same : In our rush to attain supposed happiness through money and power , we often overlook the things that really matter and make us truly happy .
Though it initially shows signs of overcoming its creakiness , `` Capital '' loses value when its screenwriters try too hard to be clever .
Virzì clearly intends the resolution of his thriller as shocking socioeconomic commentary , but his tendency towards soapy drama ... make for far less impact than his simple statement on Italian wrongful death compensation .
-LSB- A -RSB- fine , damning drama .
Troubled young romance gives shape , flavor and hope to the story of downfall .
La Dolce Vita - never actually all that sweet - gone properly sour .
Virzì 's touch is light in Human Capital , as it was in Caterina in the Big City , and his attitude toward his female characters is clearheaded but warm .
The haves and the wanna-haves mingle , anxious and wary , in Paolo Virzi 's sharply observed Human Capital .
Nobody gets away clean , as the saying goes , but having money sure helps , especially if you know how much a human life is worth .
The presence of another tremendous Italian actress , Valeria Golina , in a supporting role shows Human Capital 's acting wealth .
Human Capital 's principled outrage against the wealthy is overwhelming . But it 's not particularly useful ...
Melding a morality play with a glossy soap , Italy 's `` Human Capital '' is a fairly successful balance of entertainment and ideas .
The deft editing makes all this easy to follow , and the strong ensemble cast , not to mention the unpredictable story , keeps us engaged .
Part of the problem with this particular mode of storytelling , which has become quite fashionable in recent years , is that it imposes a clunky guessing game on the viewer : What 's My Theme ?
This ensemble drama about troubled upper-middle class strivers is slick , confident , and rather empty , and structurally more self-defeating than clever .
An unremarkable thriller elevated by a few excellent performances and Paolo Virzì 's direction .
It 's all handsomely managed , polished and professional , but the pieces are too neatly manufactured to feel as if anything is truly at stake .
At first you 'll seethe - then your heart will ache .
The moral ends up muddier as a result , but the film 's diversity ends up making it more of a muse-worthy thinkpiece than a conventional melodrama might have been .
A vivid portrait of the decadence of the wealthy .
In Human Capital , we have a stinging snapshot of a contemporary Italy where those doing well know the price of everything , and the value of nothing .
Human Capital works quite well as a conventional , if unconventionally structured , narrative , which may be why it 's done so well in Europe .
The film is extremely well written and intricately constructed , with fine performances from a talented cast . It 's quite an achievement to make a story of financial mismanagement as gripping as any thriller , but Virzi succeeds .
It would be easy to right of Human Capital , as ` first world problems : the movie ' , but when the ripples in the ponds of the rich crash life tsunamis on those in lower social brackets it 's riveting .
With its social commentary , multiple character narrative , and thriller framework , Virzi 's film will appeal to local audiences who embraced Lantana , arguably Australia 's last modern classic .
Towards the end , the solution of the mystery takes up a little too much of the film 's energies , but the resolution is not entirely predictable , and deftly explored .
-LSB- S -RSB- omewhat involving , but mostly contrived , drama ...
Told from different perspectives , it adds up to a remarkable portrait of greed in the suburbs ; accomplished , well-acted and only occasionally hamfisted .
Human Capital works hard to keep things ticking evenly in each chapter but does n't quite manage it .
It 's fun puzzling through the different strands to get at the truth , but the sum total does n't come near the profound statement that Virzi seems to be going for .
Paolo Virzì 's classy recession-set melodrama gives spiritual anguish a topical makeover .
It 's an elegant Chinese puzzle of a movie , deftly constructed by director Virzì , and boosted by an array of strong performances .
Sharply well-made and powerfully performed , this Italian drama weaves together three perspectives to explore a mystery that 's so involving that it pushes the central theme about the value of a human life into the background .
It 's not hard to imagine Crash director Paul Haggis snapping up the remake rights to this slick , decently acted maelstrom of contrivances and superficial class commentary .
Human Capital , whose title is drawn from the world of insurance , is sickened and dizzied by the inequality and recklessness that characterises modern commerce .
Not just a chic thriller , but an engrossing study of Italian society and a downward-spiralling economy .
An engrossing , stinging look at aspirational parvenus and the super-rich they emulate .
A wonderfully involving story of greed , privilege and betrayal .
Superbly played , designed and photographed , this is a worthy companion to Paolo Sorrentino 's The Great Beauty .
It 's a shrewd portrait of a rapacious , unhappy society .
An elegant , effective thriller which shows the impact we have on the lives of others ; how , with so much else in play , our futures may not be ours to decide .
An inventively structured , compelling study of two families irrevocably brought together . A string of impressive performances and a unique approach to storytelling ensures this is a film worth catching .
Just when you thought Italian arthouse cinema was on a roll , it comes under the malign influence of Paul Haggis 's ` Crash ' .
A well-balanced feat of straightaway storytelling that ends with enough ambiguity for some post-screening detective work
It gives the tired trope of cutting between overlapping stories a welcome shot of adrenaline .

@highlight

Part character study , part socioeconomic fable , Human Capital offers trenchant commentary as well as absorbing drama .