It 's clear from the very beginning that Demme admires Carter . But the filmmaker 's skepticism for authority manages to pop out occasionally .
Follows the former President in heartfelt contemplation
Jimmy Carter Man From Plains is a genuinely inspiring , well-made documentary that is well worth seeking out .
This is a man it is impossible not to like , even if you think he was a weakish one-term commander-in-chief . At least he was not Nixon or Bush Jr. .
This portrait of former US President Jimmy Carter could come across as propaganda . Director Jonathan Demme clearly has an admiration for his subject .
A heartening example of a reputation deservedly rehabilitated .
Not ground-breaking cinema , but a reminder that Christians can be tolerant and politicians principled .
Jimmy Carter may not be the most memorable ex-White House resident , but his post-presidency record as a battler for humanitarian causes takes some beating .
Carter is more energetic than Demme 's film that fires on all cylinders only when Carter calmly but persuasively faces down his critics or recounts his time as the most powerful man on Earth .
Essentially a soap opera .
Only belatedly , with the arrival of Alan Dershowitz , does Demme happen across anybody who might disrupt the air of non-confrontational niceness , but Carter ducks the challenge , and the film heads ever onwards into hagiography . A disappointment .
Demme 's fascinating documentary shows Carter on a US tour to promote the book . Perhaps Carter - and Demme himself - imagined this would be as trouble-free as Al Gore promoting environmentalism .
Jimmy Carter Man from Plains is an affectionate and admiring portrait of a politician who , like Al Gore , became more idealistic and effective on the world stage once he left office .
A great , misunderstood man forms the basis of a fine , easily misinterpreted documentary .
Demme is clearly a Carter enthusiast , and his film paints a vivid , involving picture of an informed and passionate man whose impact is still being felt worldwide .
allows us into Carter 's life intimately enough to discern his character
Demme 's scrutiny leaves us with the picture of a very respectable and admirable man .
You want to learn how to compose yourself in public ? Watch this movie .
Bio-Pic basically defends President Carter 's controversial stance on Israel .
While there 's little doubt that Man From Plains amounts to hagiography on Demme 's part , it 's also surprisingly gripping viewing for over two hours .
An intriguing historical document , not attempting a completist portrait of Carter but rather a series of candids .
a reasonably benign picture of Carter begins to develop - he 's more likable for his moments of pettiness and pique .
Demme says he entered the project expecting ` fireworks , ' and he gets them time and again ...
It wo n't utterly rewrite Carter 's history , and it wo n't convert anybody in this divided country , but Man from Plains will remind us that principle , humility and intelligence have a place in image-is-everything American politics .
Jonathan Demme 's inspiring documentary portrait of Carter , touches on many of the kaleidoscopic variations of the Carter character by observing him in both casual and formal wear .
Few presidents bow out with as much grace and class
The talk may be a little wonkish for some , but for political junkies , the chance to listen to Carter 's still-relevant thoughts is something to savor .
You 're better off reading his books .
It 's entirely estimable moviemaking about an entirely estimable man who just so happened to have been president once upon a time .
Man From Plains is ho-hum and uninvolving , which is a surprise , considering the seeming wealth of material .
Regardless of what you think of the man 's tenure in the White House , this portrait of Carter 's endless crusade for justice and an end to global conflict is inspiring ...
Whether you 're of the opinion that Carter is a misguided meddler or a worthy Nobel Peace Prize-winner -LRB- he won the award in 2002 -RRB- , Jonathan Demme 's new documentary about the 39th president will provide you with plenty of ammunition .
Jimmy Carter/Man From Plains ... is a smug , self-righteous monologue from a professional politician .
Moviegoers might initially find the inside peek into a media book tour fascinating . But the tedium of trekking from hotel to car to interview and back to a waiting limo can wear down one 's resolve .
Jimmy Carter Man From Plains offers a measured , thoughtful and ultimately admiring portrait of our former president .
From the open-air stroll he took down Pennsylvania Ave. on his inauguration day , to the sunny-coloured cardigans he wore when addressing the nation , president James T. Carter always seemed like a guy who wanted people to remember he was one of them .
The story of Jimmy Carter Man From Plains begins with Miss Lillian .
A sympathetic but rounded portrait ... that 's both inspiring and revealing about a man praised by some and unconscionably reviled by others .
These sometimes draggy two hours feel like time well-spent with a gentleman , and Lord knows there are n't many Presidents you can say that about these days .
Insightful - exploring the kind of impact a former President can have after leaving the Oval Office .
Jimmy Carter Man From Plains shows a relatively unvarnished portrait of a man who 's not afraid to take on his critics .
Regardless of your feelings about Carter 's presidency or his 21st century views , you have to be amazed and impressed by his energy and his spirit and his commitment to the world .
Buried in this messy tribute is a neat story of a man who even in his advanced years remains socially and geo-politically relevant .
An intriguing document of a man 's public and private life and has yet further value as the first significant film ever made about a former U.S. president .
Demme does n't insert himself , there 's no structured interview format , we never see him or even hear his voice . He simply , easily immerses us . It 's the opposite of Fahrenheit 9/11 . And that 's refreshing .
One reason to see this film might be to learn more about -LSB- Carter 's -RSB- views on the Middle East , but a better reason might be to observe how he attends to the privilege and responsibility of doing what he believes is the right thing .
The portrait of Carter has been described as hagiography , but it is n't a stretch to view his quiet integrity as saintly next to the track records of his successors .
The movie 's best material is archival . It looks like old home movie stuff , but you can still feel its monumentality .
Carter comes off as compassionate and intelligent . But the complex issues brought up in his book do n't get much more than a superficial debate .
For the uninitiated , Demme 's film provides an absorbing , if largely hagiographic , portrait of a man who has redefined the idea of post-presidential retirement .
An inspiring documentary about former President Jimmy Carter 's book tour for ` Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid ' where he puts on display his political wisdom , his Christian faith-based service , and his emotional literacy .
-LSB- Carter -RSB- makes a case comparing the current situation in Israel with the white-ruled apartied of South Africa before Nelson Mandela and is more than willing to face his detractors .
While it is probably apocryphal that Carter was the model for the role of the delusional Lars in the film `` Lars and the Real Girl , '' the resemblance is astonishing .
Intriguing examination of a complex and dedicated public servant .
The minutiae of Carter 's book tour is n't always enthralling , but his personality drives the film : pious , stubborn , devoted to his wife , curious , professional , warm and yet slightly removed from the fray , conciliatory , meticulous , self-effacing , funny .
Every so often , though , Demme decides to make a documentary about something he not only knows but admires . And the results are admittedly intimate , but so uncritical that they amount to two-dimensional portraits , all shadows bleached away .
Demme is clearly awed by his subject , and his film is a stirring document about how one man 's steadfast sense of justice can make a difference in the world .
There is n't enough revealing material in the tedious documentary Jimmy Carter Man From Plains to sustain an 800-word magazine profile , let alone a two-hour film .
The documentary does bring plenty nuance and passion to a public persona .
Leaves too much time for Demme as he turns an interesting character study into a full-blown tribute .
Narrrowly cast documentary focuses so exclusively on a publicity tour the former president took in the closing months of 2006 that a more accurate title might be Jimmy Carter How I Sold My Book .
Jimmy Carter is n't a real saint , but he plays one in Jimmy Carter Man From Plains .
It 's downright invigorating to spend time with an American President who has a clear grasp of international issues .
The documentary proves to be an uncomfortably admiring advertisement for its subject , and a narrowly focused one at that .
Jonathan Demme 's fly-on-the-wall documentary Man From Plains follows Carter on a three-month book tour from late 2006 to early 2007 .
As much a pungent dissection of American media malaise as it is a towering tribute to a deceptively low-burning leader .
Carter 's life and work deserve a fuller accounting and analysis than Demme is finally able to provide .
If Jimmy Carter Man From Plains sometimes feels like the portrait of a saint , it also reminds us that saints are strange and private people pursuing a personal compact with an invisible deity , in solitude and often in sadness .
Though Carter 's controversial reference to past injustices is meant to spark conversation about an ongoing problem in the West Bank , the director 's decision to focus solely on the minutiae of a press tour seems too narrow .
Is the general benevolence the film conveys convincing ? Well , yes , and there 's little in Carter 's public record to contradict it .
Director Jonathan Demme creates a gripping meditation on the very hot-button-ness of the Israeli-Palestinian question .
The film starts as a character study but finds its purpose in the middle of a political storm .
A book tour is n't even a political campaign , and traveling with Jimmy Carter is n't exactly going backstage with the Rolling Stones .
Anyone interested in politics and the conflict in the Mid-East should be able to enjoy this fascinating and informative portrait of a former president .
Jonathan Demme 's Jimmy Carter Man From Plains , like Neil Young : Heart of Gold and The Agronomist , is a poignant portrait of a great man .
It 's to Jonathan Demme 's credit that he creates an angelic view of Jimmy Carter despite the former president 's reprehensible view that Israel practices a South-African style of segregation .
Does for Carter what An Inconvenient Truth did for fellow Nobel Peace Prize winner Al Gore .
Though nominally a docu bout former president Jimmy Carter 's book tour , Jonathan Demme 's film is actually a distinguished examination of the difficulties of positing provocative and thoughtful ideas in our increasingly media-saturated age .
He -LSB- Carter -RSB- may not have been the most dynamic or effective president in recent history but in Demme 's snapshot he certainly appears to be the most decent .
The story that emerges , illustrated with footage from the time , delivers a surprising lesson in the importance of small details and the ultimate power of negotiation .
Demme subtly portrays Carter 's love affair with wife Rosalynn , and succeeds where Carter 's book failed -- expertly and objectively making a movie that is provocative without being divisive .





@highlight

Man From Plains is a fascinating look at the former president 's recent endeavors .