This movie punches you in the eyeballs with some stunning visuals .
Chris Pine and company are shedding the baggage of previous iterations and putting their own modest stamp on the franchise .
Chris Pine and Zachary Quinto have an amazing chemistry on screen .
... a sound adventure film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Realistically , Justin Lin was not selected to take over directorial duties from Abrams because of his storytelling techniques , but because he is gifted at staging action , and that is something that definitely shows when watching Star Trek Beyond
Star Trek : Beyond is a film worth marvelling at .
There is still fun to be had here with Pine , Zachary Quinto as Spock and a particularly impressive Karl Urban as Dr McCoy . The weak spot continues to be Simon Pegg who , perhaps aware of his limitations in the role of Scotty , is co-writer .
The pay-off pairing is Scotty -LRB- Simon Pegg -RRB- and Jaylah , both engineers-the way Scotty instantly recognizes and respects Jaylah 's mechanical gift is incredibly refreshing .
... straight forward , thrilling action adventure featuring gorgeous visuals and very little of what made original fans of the Trek series geek out .
It blandly goes where it 's been before .
If Star Trek Beyond were an episode of the original show , it probably would n't rank up there with the best of them . But it would still have you coming back the next week , wanting more .
A fun popcorn movie that highlights the value of teamwork and a good playlist -LRB- priceless core values in life -RRB- .
A film that does n't take a single risk and is kept in safe zone , but the script of Pegg and Jung and the direction of Lin are able to bring freshness to such comfort . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Star Trek Beyond continues in the same modernized line of its two predecessors and for the fans , will be than fulfilling . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While the details played out on screen are barely diverting - albeit often visually stunning - the energy they 're packaged with helps the film surge more than its lags .
It 's a really , really fun movie .
The Trek series is now like any other superhero series , with a wobbly range between the realistic and the ridiculous . The movie is sworn to fun . And it delivers amusement .
Star Trek Beyond definitely delivers on the heart . But the explosions are pretty great , too .
Easily the most enjoyable and pacy of the new Star Trek films .
After a summer of disappointing and lackluster franchise movies -- not to mention depressing real-world news -- Star Trek Beyond is a welcome respite .
The appeal of the movie is exactly the appeal of hanging out with the main characters and watching them do their thing .
Much of the fun simply comes from watching the old crew conform to our expectations , giving new spins to old routines . Familiarity breeds content
The result is a taut piece of filmmaking , with perfectly choreographed action scenes and a rapid-fire pace that only leaves time to gasp for air
... a warp-speed adventure that makes good use of the youth of the cast while leaning on a chemistry that Abrams ' films never fully achieved .
More agile and less grim than Into Darkness , gets to the point of the story right away . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If it 's innocuous popcorn fodder you want , Star Trek Beyond is perfectly serviceable .
A film with a closer approach to the tv series , respecting the essence but now aided by a technological audacity in order to give greater visual impact , giving it a friendly and exuberant intergalactic journey . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The sci-fi saga reboots itself and , even though it has a few retouches , its essence remains intact . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great blockbuster full of amazing visual effects , tense action sequences and much humor . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An adventure film with well-made science fiction . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A well-intentioned film that promised much but like his starship , instead of reaching their destination were left adrift , lost in space . Despite that , is an entertaining film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The new space adventure returned to familiar territory , studied them and exploded again . Maybe without deep messages but equally necessary . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a place-holder installment ... Let this be a lesson to JJ Abrams and Paramount : wait until you have new terrain to plow , something to say , before you summon Kirk and gang from dry dock .
Star Trek returns to its original essence which is great for devoted fans but not so much for the ones that know the franchise thanks to J. J. Abrams ' remakes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is where the Star Trek franchise officially shifts from thoughtful drama into thunderous action .
A very entertaining movie that you ca n't miss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Not as good as the previous films but manages to succeed because of its cast chemistry . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film to have a good time with , where its humor , special effects and action scenes stand out . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Star Trek : Beyond is a film that new and old fans will enjoy . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The filmmakers capture and nurture the warm spirit of throwback sci-fi adventure . `` Star Trek Beyond '' has no more ambition than that , nor does it need any .
A movie that can be a little slow at the beginning but has very entertaining action sequences that intensifies at the end . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Star Trek Beyond is an entertaining manifestation of a very special affection for the original TV series . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The crew spout a bunch of scientific words and come up with solutions that feel too easy . There 's not much in the way of character progression either .
The script is funny , the film is tauter , but less uptight , than Into Darkness and it charms you along in old-school Star Trek fashion with its emphasis on teamwork .
We are given a lot of action , as we might expect with Lin , but the story has is an old MacGuffin plot , search for a super-special thingamajig .
The models of the spaceships lack of innovation as much as the action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Enterprise 's humblest journey it 's also the most fun and enjoyable . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It has what it takes to be one of the best blockbusters and more . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It breaks the mold created by the first two films in a good way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Star Trek Beyond trivializes social issues like militarism and race by downplaying moral seriousness , and replacing it with `` action '' and genre familiarity . It 's cinema as comfort food .
` Star Trek Beyond ' is an outer-space thrill ride .
The best thing about Beyond is that it remembers that the core strength of Star Trek is the camaraderie and friendship of the Enterprise 's leadership unit .
Like a jigsaw puzzle where the pieces do n't fit , `` Star Trek Beyond '' jumps between giant action set pieces lacking in context , nuance , and expositional background . The narrative is a sloppy mess .
It 's an okay enough Star Trek movie , but nothing to get too excited about .
A combination of smarts and sparks make Beyond a brisk , exciting ride with a classically Star Trek positivity .
The summer 's most contra-Trumpian blockbuster , as the stalwarts of the starship Enterprise again demonstrate that teamwork beats ego-driven strongman aggression .
nifty and imaginative CGI , clever twists and turns , plus what science fiction can do so well , comment on the present from another perspective , not to mention taking stock of what it means to live an authentic life
The story is solid and the execution even more so with Lin taking successfully taking the franchise the exciting new direction that Star Trek into Darkness scratched the surface of .
Star Trek Beyond may stick to the series ' standard decorum , but by Spock 's ears it does it well .
Star Trek Beyond ' Thrills Former and New Fans
With the same level of heroism and determination exhibited by Enterprise crew members as they overcame Klingons , Romulans and William Shatner 's stint in the director 's chair , this overcomes a troubled history to emerge as another winner in the franchise .
There is never a dull moment .
Maybe if Star Trek Beyond were stupider it would n't feel like such a chore .
-LSB- Blends -RSB- playful spectacle with a sense of bonding among a chosen family .
After 50 years , Star Trek continues to live long and prosper .
Star Trek Beyond is instead happy to rest on the laurels of simple , sublime familiarity .
The first big action sequence seemed very chaotic and poorly lit . The story is also pretty convoluted and not very convincing as far as why the characters behave the way they do , particularly the villains and their minions .
Beyond is totally engrossing . Travelling along at warp speed , and thanks to writers Simon Pegg and Doug Jung , Beyond is the funniest , and most poignant entry into the rebooted timeline .
... the crew dynamic glosses over plenty of story shortcomings ... if you enjoyed the first Abrams Star Trek and felt the sequel came up short , this is the best of the three ...
By constantly reminding us of previous Treks , the new Star Trek can never fully claim triumph of its own accord . It 's a mimicry of the original , lost in its own nebula .
Roughly as adventurous as a stop at a theme park information center .
Beyond questions nothing , which is another big reason why it 's such a colossal disappointment as it cruises through one franchise trope after another without a good reason to leave space port in the first place .
Star Trek Beyond successfully straddles the fine line between Star Wars ' high tech toy merchandising and the serious ideas fostered by concept creator , Gene Roddenberry . It 's also a stone cold blast .
Though riddled with problems , Star Trek Beyond nevertheless stands as a very mild improvement over its immediate predecessor , 2013 's Star Trek Into Darkness ...
a more modest film than its immediate predecessors , with ambitions that do n't go much farther than using familiar characters and situations to show the audience a rollicking good time
`` Beyond '' is undoubtedly messy , like a Starfleet ship that 's taken its fair share of beatings , but it is frequently a reminder of how good the series can be when all its engines are in working order .
A traditional but energetic ride .
For a film so focused on acceleration , it 's ironic that Star Trek Beyond spends much of its time coasting on charm .
Star Trek beyond is light , full thrilling and lots of fun . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For all its high-velocity fun and the charm of that cast , your gut tells you that Lin 's formulaic contribution to Star Trek could be the perfect way to sign-off before the law of diminishing returns really kicks into gear .
Nothing ingenious about that plot , but Star Trek is always more about characters than the hoops they 're jumping through .
The new Star Trek movies are trying to pay homage to a philosophy at odds with Hollywood 's current obsessions .
What happens when you let a comedy screenwriter and a director of bonehead car action movies get together and steer a Star Trek movie ? Something pretty amazing , actually .
Things simply gel in this film in a way we always hoped they would in this new Star Trek universe .
Lin , taking the reins from JJ Abrams , keeps everything moving at an entertainingly fast clip .
It does seem strange that a franchise whose original appeal was futuristic should now be treasured entirely as faithfully retrospective . But there it is .
A couple of hours of proper sci-fi fun .
Time to beam up .
A breezy , action-packed and affectionate addition to the long-running series .
The key to the film 's success is knowing what to change - the scale of the special effects is worlds away from that of the original - and what to cling to .
It 's a disappointment for sure , especially when it comes to the weak storyline , but there are still a few things here to like , including the cast , some of the action , and the humor .
I simply wish director Justin Lin and his crew had done the franchise justice .
At the risk of inciting a riot , I found the movie to be a crashing bore .
50 years after its creation , Star Trek is alive and well .
Star Trek Beyond represents a key factor that separates the great genre films from the mediocre , and that is the stakes at play in a battle between good -LRB- no matter how flawed -RRB- and evil -LRB- no matter how created -RRB- .
Beyond could have been more interesting and memorable if it was n't weighed down so heavily by its combat moves .
Safe plays well enough , but did n't Jean-Luc Picard once remind us that the sky 's the limit ?
` Star Trek Beyond ' is at its best - separating itself from not only an ugly pack of ostensibly enjoyable summer popcorn flicks , but ` Into Darkness ' - when it 's having fun , and at its worst when bogged down in the generic action/villain stuff .
In this exciting , explosive shoot 'em up , unfortunately , character complexity has become secondary to continual conflict - too much hardware , too little heart .
Overall , `` Star Trek Beyond '' is an exciting and fun movie ; a sturdy feature that is the first step in hopefully a refreshing direction for the vaunted franchise .
This is something that has been missing from Star Trek for a while : an arresting picture of a shiny , hopeful future worth dreaming of .
Sure , TREK BEYOND is an entertaining ride ... But that ... is at the center of why the J.J. Abrams-produced reboot runs afoul of the spirit of what STAR TREK was always about : Tackling complex social issues with inventive and diplomatic workarounds .
A decent film in the long-standing series .
This third installment in the millennial Star Trek reboot races along without an idea in its head , often recalling the silly , monster-driven final season of the 60s TV show .
Star Trek Beyond is a highly entertaining summer blockbuster for fans and casual moviegoers that pays respect to the franchise legacy .
The movie bounces along , hurtling its heroes over colliding wreckage and into currents of artificial gravity , pausing just long enough for a punchline or a knowing exchange of looks .
A few logical fallacies aside , this one 's really enjoyable .
Though the film glides merrily through its paces , it has no more urgency than a mid-season episode of a Trek TV show .
This well-paced outer space adventure is a glowing tribute to the iconic television series .
Works best as a rousing adventure story that celebrates the power of capable , dedicated people working together .
Siphoning out the fistfights and exploding spaceships from its two-hour running time would leave about 30 minutes of plot , a sign that this story is essentially an overcomplicated TV episode rather than a movie .
Come to ` Star Trek Beyond ' for the pow ; stay for the emotional wipeout .
Lin and his cast 's clear affection for the material helps temper the familiarity . The Enterprise 's mission was to explore strange new worlds . This movie 's is to give us a smooth ride .
It 's not just a blast but , at moments , a thing of beauty , alive to the comic awesomeness of being lost in space .
When the film is on the move , it really moves .
If you 're a fan , you should offer thanks to the prophets of Bajor , because Star Trek is back on form .
The issue is that Beyond tries to be a `` hip '' Star Trek story . Star Trek can be many things ; hip is not one of them .
Star Trek Beyond is a Star Trek movie , although not an especially good one .
Does n't boldly go where other Star Treks have gone , but hey , it 's Star Trek so what 's not to love ? Fun film and the second best of the now three reboots .
Another successful and engaging episode in this long-running sci-fi saga .
Star Trek Beyond lives up to its title : It goes above and beyond what was expected , and , like its predecessors , turns out to be the best blockbuster of summer 2016 .
The actors work so well together that they reinforce the series ' central appeal : This crew is like family .
This is the sort of reboot I like because it 's there for everyone . Star Trek devotees will have their specialised views on its place in the 13-film universe , but average viewers will not feel marooned .
The movie never delivers on its considerable promise because it 's always in such a hurry to get to the next action scene .
It 's exactly the kind of fun , steeped in effervescent goodwill that Hollywood should be delivering right now .
-LSB- Director Justin Lin 's -RSB- sweeping vision emblematizes the galactic scope of the setting and the dramatic stakes of the story .
That combination of action and humor is enough to make `` Star Trek Beyond '' a cosmic summer blast of fun of which -- despite a couple of illogical moves -- the late Anton Yelchin , our new Chekov , and Leonard Nimoy , would have been proud .
Generic plot , meaningless action , overdone CGI , forgettable villain . The camaraderie of the first of the three in short supply . Only Karl Urban scores .
In a summer top-heavy with ... depressing underachievers , Star Trek Beyond is a breath of fresh air -- not a clever or innovative movie , but one with at least an idea in its head and the dose of optimism we all need right about now .
If that 's what you 're looking for -- basically a shoot 'em up set amongst the stars -- then it 's fun and fits the bill . But true Star Trek fans will not really be satisfied , as the higher , thought provoking ideas are missing .
It 's a surprisingly joyful throwback to everything that makes the Star Trek universe great .
Until a richer villain and more thought-out story come along , we at least have this chapter , which offers fans of the original Trek world some of the things they 've most wanted : space to enjoy all their old heroes , and reasons to respect them again .
Star Trek Beyond is a mea culpa to fans who felt the new film series abandoned the franchise 's network TV roots .
Hope , unity and growth all lay the groundwork for the thematic emotional pull of the film as our characters strive to be the best they can be .
All the best parts of a summer movie , all the worst parts of a Star Trek film .
A return to form for the franchise , thanks to note-perfect performances , thrilling action and a script that strikes exactly the right balance between homage and reboot .
Beyond is , above all else , fun to watch ; it 's a proper Star Trek experience . And it feels profoundly good to say that .
It 's actually refreshing for a big-screen Star Trek to have a ` regular episode ' feel .
The crew has been well cast , and although this may not be their most memorable adventure , it 's still a cut above your average action blockbuster .
The balance between wit , irreverence , philosophy , blockbuster tropes and action is deft , but if only the plot had been more convincing .
Is Beyond better than the previous two versions ? Not at all . Is Beyond a solid action film with the franchise 's signature wit and social relevance ? Absolutely . Is Beyond terribly predictable ? Without a doubt . Will anyone care ? Nope !
The nostalgia may be absent , but so , too , are the two most vital elements of the franchise : character and ideas .
It 's a safe entry into the Star Trek canon . But what lies Beyond is going to require a little more depth if the Enterprise is boldly continue .
A back-to-basics Trek that puts the franchise back on solid ground .
Lin 's flashy sense of stylized grit is lost in a sea of sci-fi noise as `` Beyond '' becomes a monotonous blur of space babble and battles .
The relentless overload of CGI , dazzling at first , grows tedious after awhile , and sometimes exhaustingly incoherent .
Stop all the CGI action pieces ! We just wan na watch Spock and Bones bicker .
It 's an entertaining diversion featuring characters we like to watch , all of which helps distract one from the pic 's various issues . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - Available -RRB-
To boldly go where no man has gone before is not for a property so culturally and economically exploitable .
Beyond does n't have the tactile crash-smash thrill of Vin Diesel gunning a Charger . It 's more like that dumb gag in Furious 7 when cars skydive from a plane .
Star Trek , in its many permutations and generations , is supposed to be about optimism , inclusiveness and faith in the future . That 's something this picture gets right , and it 's no small thing .
Star Trek Beyond takes the series to a louder , hollow and more explosive frontier . Yes , it 's still fun , but it comes by it in a cheaper , eager to please fashion .
Justin Lin 's take on the iconic series is not your father 's Star Trek .
Longtime fans will remember that there used to be a rule of thumb about the movies : the `` even ones '' were the good ones . Now it looks like it will be look for the `` odd ones . ''
Everything you want a post-modern `` Trek '' movie to be : funny , poppy , self-referential -- and with Captain Kirk punching bad guys in rubber masks .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a really satisfying adventure that comes closest to recapturing the spirit of the original series - and is perhaps the first film in the rebooted series that truly stands on its own .
From action to aliens , Star Trek Beyond combines the legacy of the franchise with contemporary visual effects to create a production that should live long and prosper .
An enjoyable if unexceptional episode in the ongoing series , more place-holder than game-changer , not the culmination of a trilogy but a solid springboard for further adventures .
It trades a nice line in the ` big dumb fun ' brand of stupidity , instead of the ` hound Damon Lindelof off Twitter ' variety .
The thirteenth Star Trek movie adventure pleasingly and emphatically returns the latest reboot and its replacement cast to the vibe and spirit of the classic TV series .
Beyond , which sees the previous two Trek films ' director , J.J. Abrams , handing the reins to Fast and Furious franchise favorite Justin Lin -LRB- do n't worry , there are still lens flares -RRB- , has a plucky , engaging panache .
The 13th overall movie in the Star Trek franchise turns out to be good luck for everyone . It 's a fresh , satisfying return to the beloved characters of the 1966-1969 TV series and to a rousing sense of teamwork .
The critics ' Prime Directive demands that I not reveal any of Beyond 's surprise plot twists , but they are often so random that I could probably sneak in one or two without even calling attention to them as spoilers .
It delivers a satisfying and amusing dollop of sci-fi comfort food .
something of interest for any generation of Trekkie
The fact that the result is serviceable , delivering enough value to be worth a fan 's time , is about as good as one could reasonably expect .
A good old-fashioned Star Trek romp through space . Simon Pegg has worked wonders with the script and generously given the best lines to Spock and Bones , whose pairing here is a delight .
`` Star Trek Beyond '' is better than not-bad . By any earthly standard it 's good .
Sci-fi fans will surely see beyond any shortcomings and appreciate a film full of visual dazzle , action and suspense .
Justin Lin has taken over the helm from J.J. Abrams , but he 's not about to change course , at least as far as reusing old material goes .
Star Trek Beyond offers a simple , but much-need message of strength in unity and power in diversity .
In the barren desert of summer 2016 blockbusters , this is a lovely oasis .
There is plenty in Star Trek Beyond for diehard Trekkers to enjoy , and director Justin Lin guns the action sequences - even if that motocross machine that Kirk is ostensibly riding looks totally fake and video-game-ish .
It 's brightly coloured eye-bait , Jim , exactly as we know it .
After spending two movies getting back on its feet again , `` Star Trek '' has rediscovered its heart .
Granted , with all the galaxies at its disposal , and yet another TV series in dry dock , one might hope for a Star Trek movie with a bit more narrative heft . But in terms of delivering solid entertainment for its devoted base ? Mission accomplished .
The pattern for these pictures has been set for decades , and this latest entry in the series breaks little new ground .
The latest in the rebooted franchise , dedicated to the late Leonard Nimoy and Anton Yelchin -LRB- appearing as Chekov for the last time here -RRB- , is like an oversized episode of the original television series , and that happens to be a good thing .
It might even feel like you 're back in your rec room , circa 1967 , drinking Tang and waiting for the Tribbles .
`` Star Trek Beyond '' is not a stale rehash ... But it is another case of an aging franchise running short of good individual films , even when it pursues an alternate timeline .
It may not boldly go where no `` Star Trek '' film has gone before , but it gets there at warp speed , and with a full tank of fresh ideas .
Star Trek Beyond may not go where no Trek has gone before , but -LSB- its -RSB- fidelity to the show 's original values that will keep fans trekking to the box office .
`` Star Trek Beyond '' works , first and foremost , as a crowd-pleasing science-fiction adventure , but it is equally notable as a thoughtful rumination on embracing one 's larger purpose and coming to terms with the temporariness of life .
This is the third of the rebooted new generation Star Treks , and ultimately leaves you with the feeling that the intrepid crew of the starship Enterprise continue to boldly go , but still have n't quite arrived .
Beyond injects some much-needed fun into the ongoing series that is sure to make hard-core Trekkies and casual fans desperate to boldly go alongside them as they continue to make more .
The actors had their roles down by the end of the first film , and it 's a pleasure watching them play the familiar crew with just enough of a twist to fit the new timeline .
` Star Trek Beyond ' is not a grand return to form , nor is it a stellar life-affirming entertainment . But it is a modest step in the right direction .
Star Trek Beyond is a vast improvement from the sloppy Into Darkness , bringing it on par with the excellent '09 reboot in terms of sheer quality and chemistry .
What a load of fun .
Feels more like an elaborate TV episode than a cinematic event . But it 's a comfortable film ... in which the familiar faces do n't go anywhere no man has gone before - boldly or otherwise - but they seem to be having a rousing good time anyway .
Stark Trek Beyond emphasizes the inter-personal dynamics of the USS Enterprise , and functions best as an extended team-building exercise .
If it does n't offer anything particularly groundbreaking , Star Trek Beyond is nonetheless an exciting , well-crafted actioner .
Strives to be a traditional adventure to help realign creative chi , while still allowing Lin to play around with widescreen action , giving the 13th `` Trek '' movie some real velocity .
A necessary and welcome course correction ; a Star Trek back into the light .
The reason why ` Beyond ' works better than the previous two Trek films is because there 's an emphasis on exploration and discovery . ` Beyond ' feels rooted in the TOS episodes where the crew would find themselves on an alien planet .
Fairly forgettable , but as entertaining summer fare it will more than engage blockbuster-friendly audiences .
Pegg has story and narrative structure down , although where he really wins is how he gives Star Trek back that philosophical side .
Intense action ; smart , funny nods to its roots while moving in a new direction ; and explicit confrontation of a problem always at the heart of Star Trek .
They should have called it `` Star Trek Into Drowsiness . ''
You could ask for more , but Star Trek Beyond is more than enough to be contented with .
Lin seems most concerned with keeping things moving , and on that score he succeeds .
While there might not be much going on beneath the surface of Star Trek Beyond , it 's certainly fun to go along for the ride , whether or not you 'll remember it in two weeks ' time .
In a time ... when people are being pitted against one another by virtue of their place of birth or their faith , it 's the reminder we need of how the collective can work together for something bigger and better than their own immediate self-interest .
There 's nothing new in Star Trek Beyond , the latest installment in the venerable 13-film series , but its least inspired stretches still manage to play like a crowd-pleasing and exceptionally well-acted Star Trek clip show .
There 's little sense of a larger purpose or of any movement forward for any of these beloved characters .
Lin knows how to shoot his fights from unexpected angles and with enough spatial-temporal variables to keep us jolt-addicts rocking in our seat , happy to be dizzy .
The Justin Lin-directed sequel quickly gets the crew back on track by delivering a very entertaining and often kind-hearted summer movie .
... has the feel of an obligatory installment , an effort aimed mostly at meeting a summer release date and fulfilling cast contracts .
Though its sense of peril would barely raise a sweat in a kindergarten , the film has surprising vim for the third part in a franchise inspired by a 50-year-old TV show .
Star Trek Beyond is basically fast and furious in space . It will entertain the majority , but leave Trekkies nostalgic . Alas , Gene Roddenberry 's vision of Star Trek is no more .
When it works , Beyond is great ... but predominantly this is so-so Star Trek that feels like a small episode of one of the series , enlarged for the big screen .
There are bright , busy `` Star Trek '' movies , full of wit and interest , and then there are `` Star Trek '' movies like this one , that are subdued and dark , as if imbued with the monotony of being stuck on a space ship for five long years .
Lin keeps this tense adventure ... from stumbling over its own excess : he knows that any good Star Trek needs wit as well as spectacle .
It 's witty , spectacular and expertly paced by action specialist Linn who has managed to recapture the spirit of The Original Series .
The most explosive , intense Star Trek yet , and it 's so relentless you do n't have time to worry about what 's missing .
To reinvigorate the franchise 's sense of purpose , new recruit Justin Lin takes things back to their roots and core values , while also injects some of the dynamic action that he has honed on multiple Fast and Furious sequels .
What works -LRB- marginally -RRB- in this instantly forgettable entry : a few diverting character moments...fan-serving fairy dust ... action , action , action .
Pandering ? Yes . But pandering with polish .
Whatever is done to recalibrate the sequel , here 's hoping a better balance of humour , meditative contemplation and thrilling , big-screen spills is struck . Still , there are worse crews to be shipwrecked with for two hours .
It 's just like watching a big budget version of The Original Series .
Star Trek Beyond is much more than a mere refresh . Thanks to Lin 's steady directorial hand and knack for visualizing improbable set-pieces , the new film is bold , breathless and propulsive , a distillation of the action movie to its purest elements .
Justin Lin 's take on J.J. Abrams ' reboot of the franchise , while taking it back to basics , fails to do little else but give you the faint promise of excitement , but never fully delivering .
I hope , I truly do , that Star Trek Beyond marks a return to a real golden age of big-screen cinema , with Star Wars and now Star Trek now both seemingly back on track and delivering exactly what we hope for .
It would be optimistic to expect the franchise to venture into new conceptual territory at this point . As in the Abrams films , a vague pacifist message is undercut by the frenetic , bloodlessly violent action obligatory in modern Hollywood blockbusters .
If anything , a little more Enterprise was needed in the creative stakes to make this a more memorable experience . As things stand , it merely does what you 'd expect .
Not every wheel needs reinventing , and one of the abiding pleasures of `` Star Trek , '' in its old and newer iterations , lies in its balance of stubborn consistency and canny inventiveness .
This third film of the rebooted series is all slick spectacle , created for 3D cinema .
While Star Trek Beyond absolutely delivers as a pure , pulse-raising spectacle , it is also none too shabby as a rollicking adventure yarn .
This is clearly not the greatest film ever made by any means , but it is eminently palatable summer fare . If you are planning a trip to the cinema this weekend , it is the film to see .
It 's freewheeling enough to entertain a casual moviegoer - and faithful enough to satisfy a Comic-Con nerd .
Lin , a mastermind of car chases , brings his imaginative sense of spectacle to space , and the result is something truly sensational , and befitting a summer blockbuster .
It 's big and loud , but also has a heart , which is all we could have asked for .
Star Trek Beyond is a snappy , diverting affair that nevertheless leaves a lingering feeling , like Kirk , that something 's missing .
If you wrote a list of what you wanted from a Star Trek film , from action and humor to strong characters -LRB- both male and female -RRB- and a solid storyline , this delivers and it deserves your dollars .
Following the ponderous and leaden Star Trek Into Darkness , Fast and Furious director Justin Lin puts real zip back into the space-going franchise .
Star Trek Beyond , like most of the rebooted properties flying around our movie theaters , delights in nostalgically resurrecting iconic characters and tweaking them anew .
Though the action-packed trailers might suggest he simply launched that manic vibe into space , Lin and scriptwriters Simon Pegg and Doug Jung made a clever plot move that gives Beyond the most breathing room for its characters in years .
Lin 's movie works best when approached as a relaxed , somewhat playful two-hour expansion of one of the old '60s episodes .
A grand scale sci-fi adventure with eye-popping visuals
... a bold , entertaining spectacle ...
What 's most notable about the new film is how closely it hews to Gene Roddenberry 's original TV series , at least in spirit .
Beyond goes from being a fun action movie to a great Star Trek movie , and one that 's the closest of the reboots to capturing the spirit of the original series .
The kind of movie the bloated second one should have been : a one-off romp - a super-sized version of an old episode , just with more hot-dogging motorcycle stunts and stuff going boom .
A hugely enjoyable romp . Alien hordes , Enterprise annihilation , ass-kicking females , emotional goodbyes ... this one has it all .
The galactic adventure might be an uneven one , but the combination of gravitas , a little mirth and old-school Trek themes makes Beyond a decently entertaining trip to the final frontier .
Star Trek Beyond may not be the perfect Star Trek film , but it is unashamedly , entertainingly and enthusiastically a true one -- and that 's more than enough for this Starfleet lifer .
If you 're even remotely interested in a new Star Trek film , this feels like everything you could have asked for . Here 's hoping the great adventure continues for another 50 years from here .
Star Trek Beyond should appeal both to older audiences who remember the glory day days of William Shatner and Leonard Nimoy and to younger ones looking for a placebo while they wait for the next Star Wars .
I can think of no better way to celebrate Star Trek 's 50th anniversary than with this film , which embraces everything that 's great about the series .
A film that preaches the notion of togetherness as a means of triumphing in the face of adversity , is a rather important one to indulge in right about now .
An enjoyably old-fashioned entry in the new series . Short on back story , long on action , loads of fun .
It makes very few promises it ca n't keep , but also goes halfway out on every limb it can find , risking next to nothing , sights permalocked on par .
When Beyond soars , it hits a sweet spot of perfectly balanced stakes , momentum , character development , callbacks , music , and action , blasting at full power in particular in one memorable space-battle set piece that punches in just the right moments .
Ultimately , Beyond is a movie about characters - and character . But that 's half the battle . The other half of the battle is ... battle . And Lin , who has such a strong track record with vehicular mayhem , does n't bring his `` A '' game .
It 's not hyperbole in the least bit to say that Star Trek Beyond perfectly celebrates 50 years of the franchise , while taking these stories into a bold new future where anything is possible for Captain Kirk and the fearless crew of the USS Enterprise .
Justin Lin has given fans an impressive sequel .
While Lin 's success with big battles and explosions are hardly a surprise given his background in the Fast & Furious franchise , that in no way undercuts how jaw-dropping and thrilling Star Trek Beyond 's biggest set pieces are .
Michael Bay has won . Every movie has now become a music video , even a legendary science fiction franchise .
The drama never swamps the film 's humour , and it combines a glossy Hollywood sense of wonder with that classic Star Trek optimism . In the uncertain world we live in , it could n't feel more timely .
While he may have seemed like a counterintuitive choice to take over a Star Trek movie , Lin is absolutely in his element whenever the film becomes about bodies and vehicles moving swiftly through space - which is often .
The third instalment of the re-booted Star Trek franchise gets safely through its voyage , offering a strong returning cast and a familiar , if slightly tweaked mix of effects-heavy space action , cheeky humour and philosophical musing .
`` Star Trek Beyond '' is a somewhat diverting place holder , but one hopes that the next `` Star Trek '' movie will have what it takes to boldly go where no `` Star Trek '' movie has gone before .
Powered by a spirited sense of adventure and a nice teamwork dynamic , it 's fun , but not essential , summer viewing .
A return to fun , and a return to form for the new version of the old Trek .
Finally recaptures the spirit of the original , and it 's beyond entertaining .
While this is not your father 's `` Star Trek , '' it still feels like a fan 's - and just the kind of warm , inclusive , feel-good entertainment this summer needs .
An entertaining adventure .
The script injects a welcome strain of humor that 's true to the original Gene Roddenberry creation , delivering nostalgia without stiff veneration .
It starts and ends exceptionally well , but it gets bogged down in the middle .
This episode cuts right to the core of the series 's original appeal , giving the terrific cast a chance to play against one another in a straightforward story . It 's not exactly bold , but `` Beyond '' does satisfy .
While `` Star Trek Beyond '' lacks a center , it compensates with an endless parade of distractions . When the movie moves along at a breezy clip , it 's partly because it feels so purposeless .
Not since the original crew stepped down have we felt such a vivid sense of adventure and comradeship .

@highlight

Star Trek Beyond continues the franchise 's post-reboot hot streak with an epic sci-fi adventure that honors the series ' sci-fi roots without skimping on the blockbuster action .