Julie Taymor has a theatre director 's idea of how movies work . That 's not a compliment .
Dispensing with tableau compositions , this adaptation feels liberated from static theatrical and , to a lesser degree , cinematic convention by the overall openness of its staging and camerawork that 's somewhere between handheld and Steadicam .
There are two reasons to watch The Tempest : if you 're a fan of Shakespeare , or a fan of Helen Mirren .
Hundreds of years ago , Shakespeare would have never imagined this story could look like Taymor 's vision .
Taymor tries a little too hard , neither breaking nor broken by the play , but ultimately losing the wrestling match . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Taymor excels at creating visuals that are so beautiful you want to hang every frame on your wall , but content-wise this film falls really flat .
The film has plenty of detractors who see Taymor 's approach as strained and overwrought , but Mirren finds some grace notes that no Prospero could ever have sounded .
While this had the potential to be a stirring cinematic experience , director Julie Taymor 's trademark innovation and visual flair never soars .
Shakespeare is spinning in his grave .
As a re-imagining , particularly by a director so well renowned , The Tempest is depressingly pedestrian .
-LSB- M -RSB- essy but thrilling ... -LSB- B -RSB- rings a new perspective on the play , and a new appreciation for it , which is the best we can ask for the umpteenth adaptation of a centuries-old work ...
A noble stab at the Bard but ultimately an unsatisfactory film .
The special effects are intrusive and anything but magical and the text is rather curiously edited . But it 's worth seeing for Mirren .
Despite the best efforts of an impressive cast , Taymor 's adaptation ends up a curious mix of arse-achingly dull , and clangingly misjudged .
Lost for a *** holes .
Mirren is a powerful presence : maybe gender-bending Shakespeare is the only way to give Mirren the movie roles she deserves .
A game cast including Helen Mirren , Russell Brand , Ben Whishaw and Tom Conti ca n't save this listing interpretation of the Shakespeare play .
Misjudged , un-poetic and tedious - like a pompous production of Mamma Mia , without the Abba songs .
An inspired , but sometimes irksome take on 400 year old material .
Certainly good enough to leave us once more astonished by Shakespeare 's invention , yet it ultimately lacks the interpretative authority that might have made it something special .
`` I can do real rocks and seas , '' cries cinema . To which the right response is : `` We do n't want real rocks and seas . We want the ones in our head , put there by Shakespeare . ''
You expect Nicolas Cage to pop up from behind a sand dune on a Harley brandishing a rocket launcher .
Taymor 's Tempest may whip up a special effect storm yet never engages as a compelling narrative : the characters remain vague and distant .
Has a striking setting and a handful of good moments but is ultimately let down by uneven performances , poor pacing and some truly atrocious special effects .
It 's left to the actors to lend gravitas and depth , with varying levels of success .
Full of crazy spectacle and huge over-elaborate costumes that make look Mirren like a raven constructed out of obsidian shards , and it 's all bent towards absolutely no coherent end .
In the end , I wanted this tempest back in its teapot and off the screen . -LRB- Parental Review also available -RRB-
Taymor , by turning Prospero into a woman while retaining an `` imperialist '' view of Caliban , will no doubt simultaneously please and enrage left-wing critics . The rest of us can enjoy the movie 's strengths ...
Primarily an exercise in eccentric -LRB- and , I would argue , empty -RRB- spectacle .
Normally I 'd watch Helen Mirren in anything , even if she was just putting out the laundry or reading the phone book . But , given the roteness of her line readings here , it might have been better if the phone book rather than Shakespeare was her text .
The costumes designed by Sandy Powell - leather gowns and military uniforms , Renaissance in silhouette and detailed with zippers - are the film 's most arresting element .
`` To go or not to go ? '' is not the question . `` Why ? '' is the question .
Most plays-turned-movies try to open things up . Taymor still thinks like a theater director , ending up with a `` Tempest '' that takes place in a teapot .
-LSB- A -RSB- fragmented and almost incomprehensible mess , garishly over-scored , full of embarrassingly bad special effects and a great tragic-comedy romance never given the chance to simply stretch its cumbersome limbs .
A pretty frustrating adaptation of Shakespeare 's play , one that dog-paddles around in ever-more-frenetic circles , searching for a way inside the material .
Julie Taymor 's The Tempest adapts Shakespeare to the screen with boldness and imagination . Bard buffs are likely to love it , despite the liberties it takes .
Although there is some gimmickry , this is one of the most straightforward versions of the `` Tempest '' ever filmed , making it edifying as well as -- when Taymor hits a groove -- dazzling .
The effects are dazzling , the cast is stellar , the play is timeless , the movie is wretched .
An idiosyncratic but oddly pedestrian take on one of the Bard 's more elusive yet entrancing works .
A movie that veers from ethereal beauty -LRB- its closing credit sequence , as a book of magic softly drowns in a dark sea , is a stunner -RRB- to mystifying cheesiness .
The best sequences in `` Tempest '' are all quiet , not that there are many of them .
One can see splashes of Taymor 's visual style ... , but unless one is familiar with Shakespeare 's play beforehand , `` The Tempest '' will be a confusing muddle , at times downright tedious .
Shakepeare 's premise was leveraged more cleverly and thoughtfully on `` Lost . ''
Would thou dost remain unslumbered , a pity whilst befall thine eyes .
With so much going for it , why does The Tempest become a mere storm in a teacup ? The reasons are many .
These gifted actors sometimes seem to be saying the words as someone with a chain-saw cuts firewood in the next room .
Overall , even if it does n't completely mesh , there 's still much to like in this TEMPEST .
The Tempest is like a Shakespearean version of the 1980 Flash Gordon movie , with some zany Baz Luhrmann-esque touches thrown in . Unfortunately , it 's not as good as that might make it sound .
-LSB- Mirren -RSB- is powerfully vibrant as a female Prospero : she commands the screen whenever she is on , which unfortunately is not all the time . . interweaving of three disparate groups becomes disjointed and tiring , never comes together in a meaningful way .
Although it falls off precipitously , it 's better to have Julie Taymor 's The Tempest than not : The first half-hour is nearly as unfettered as Shakespeare 's language .
While there are problems and inconsistencies galore , in the end I was completely captivated by this colorful and ravishing tale of romance and revenge , this robust and ribald adventure one I could n't help but enjoy .
Bold and ambitious , like all of Taymor 's movies , this Tempest is a failure on any level , especially a kitschy visual style that detracts attention from Shakespeare 's poignant text .
I found myself wishing that Taymor would turn off the sound and fury and let The Tempest speak for itself . My wish was n't granted .
What Taymor , Mirren et al have given us is not exactly a Tempest for the ages . But in the balance struck between talent , traditional casting , technology and the tale at hand , it manages to stand firmly on its own two feet as a Tempest for today .
A singular disappointment from Julie Taymor , who has failed to make this play sing on the screen .
This gender-switched Tempest lacks energy and thunder -LRB- not to mention quality CGI -RRB- , and fizzles to a disappointing drizzle .
Mirren , of course , is wonderful - in those few scenes when the CGI stops . But those rare moments are separated by tedious songs and far too many close-ups of Ariel laughing , laughing , laughing .
Slow and grinding , Taymor 's version of The Tempest would be dwarfed by any teapot she might decide to set it in .
Taymor 's visual pyrotechnics -LRB- used better in her 1999 Shakespeare adaptation `` Titus '' -RRB- come across as forced , dampening any warmth in Shakespeare 's final play .
A surprisingly unengaging and charmless fantasy from a director whose previous films -LRB- `` Across the Universe , '' `` Titus , '' `` Frida '' -RRB- were , despite their other issues , never boring .
The words still provide the most magic .
It 's unimaginatively staged and poorly acted by everyone involved , especially Russell Brand , who has never seemed so lost .
Visuals evoke the themes of order and chaos , with steps vertiginously reaching up and Prospera 's mixture of natural material and tight , civilizing straps and stays .
Ms. Taymor 's overscaled sense of stage spectacle can be impressive and effective , even moving , but her three-dimensional , high-volume compositions translate awkwardly into the cosmos of cinema .
In contrast to Shakespeare 's gift for weaving words into enchanted worlds , Taymor 's Tempest leeches most of the magic out of his language ...
Masque , retirement speech , valediction , celebration of youth and of age , ` The Tempest ' is art and it is life . And now it is well served as cinema .
One is reminded of the `` Mystery Science Theater 3000 '' joke about one of the robots staging `` an all-furniture ` Hamlet ' '' -- it 's the sort of switcheroo that smacks more of desperation than of creativity and redefinition .
Smaller parts are n't on par with the lead role , and special effects are overdone and cheesy . At times , the essence of Shakespeare 's poetry is drowned out .
Taymor seems to have assembled an interesting cast and colorful costumes and chosen a fitting locale-some scenic , forbidding corners of Hawaii-and hoped for the best . Occasionally she gets it .
No amount of gimmicky effects , splendid Hawaiian locations , bombastic music or high-caliber actors can distract from how consistently dull this Tempest is .
Everything that makes Shakespeare 's final play a great expression of the dangers and risks of ambition in Western civilization is lost in this sex change .
This is no Titus ... and no Forbidden Planet either .
Too often the visual effects in The Tempest ' look like something that would have seemed high-tech during the early days of MTV .
Theatrically ambitious , musically busy , and in the end cinematically inert ...
A tiresome mess that 's completely bereft of a quiet moment in speech or manner , The Tempest aches for the wisdom of discipline .
There 's sound and fury , but the result is more drizzle than tempest .
The role of Ariel -LRB- Whishaw -RRB- is always a bit difficult . The camera spent an excruciatingly long time making sure we noticed those breasts . After a while , I wanted to yell , ` I get it . Unisex . Move on . '
Just another example of middling , muddled Shakespeare .
The result is cacophonous .
Julie Taymor 's new film version of The Tempest is n't as disastrous as it could have been , though it does fundamentally fail Shakespeare 's play .
Lacks some of the magical qualities that lifts its story into the realms of classic fantasy . But it has two performances , apart from Mirren 's , exempt from that criticism .
Far less daring than her 1999 Titus , which took an electrifying , stylized approach of a lesser-known play , The Tempest in comparison looks disappointingly middle-of-the-road .
So kitschy , yet curiously drab and banal .






@highlight

Director Julie Taymor 's gender-swapping of roles and some frenzied special effects ca n't quite disguise an otherwise stagey , uninspired take on Shakespeare 's classic .