Do not miss it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Rarely in a documentary does every shot matter as a bearer of emotion and information . Lixin Fan 's nonfiction debut , Last Train Home -LRB- 2009 -RRB- , is just such an exceptional movie .
Rivaling China 's finest documentarians , first-time director Lixin Fan begins his Last Train Home with a handful of unshakable images .
Epic in scale and global in outlook yet devastatingly intimate and extraordinarily personal in focus ...
Lixin Fan 's amazingly intimate account could only be made with almost unlimited and unrestrained access -- a privilege that is n't abused and one that pays dividends for us in many ways .
A moving film that succeeds both on a macro level and as a portrait of a single family struggling with problems both universal and specific to their time and place .
A startling and absolutely superb masterpiece of a documentary ...
Chinese-Canadian director Lixin Fan considers the social upheavals wrought by China 's economic miracle .
This extraordinary Chinese-Canadian documentary illuminates the human price involved in China 's ascent into a global economic power : every year over 130 million migrant workers take an arduous journey back home .
Despite being ruled by the Communist Party , the China depicted in this powerful documentary evokes Karl Marx : `` The bourgeoisie has torn away from the family its sentimental veil , and has reduced the family relation to a mere money relation . ''
Lixin captures the messy tragedy of their lives with dignity and intimacy , and there are some scenes , such as a violent confrontation between father and daughter , that carry the sting of reality .
Last Train Home is a harrowing experience . Do n't expect to come out smiling .
Director Lixin Fan gives a heartbreaking human voice to the downside of China 's economic upside -- causing us to question the intrinsic worth of ambition , be it individual , societal or national .
Last Train Home finds a kind of desperate poetry in the hardships of the annual trip home ...
Last Train Home will tug at your heartstrings as it opens your eyes , but it also will make you feel incredibly lucky and more than a little spoiled .
Heartbreaking and humanistic in the best sense .
It is a sometimes shocking , oftentimes heartbreaking look at what it takes to raise children in a culture where grueling factory work can take parents away from their young for months at a time .
This small masterpiece of documentary filmmaking offers a human-scale look at the impact of China 's industrial growth .
An extraordinary debut film ... uncomfortably powerful and direct in its indictment of an entire way of living that the wealthier parts of the world take for granted .
It 's vivid and revealing , but it 's also tough to watch .
Lixin Fan , handling his own cinematography , shoots with such a painterly eye that he almost undermines the social critique he 's making .
Chinese-Canadian director Lixin Fan presents the human cost of China 's economic rise in terms any parent or child can understand .
It 's a fascinating , heartbreaking attempt to capture the overwhelming hugeness , and harsh growing pains of China 's exploding economy , by focusing on one family .
Last Train Home suggests that the times they are a-changin ' . The rulers of China may someday regret that they distributed the works of Marx so generously .
Fan 's fly-on-the-wall perspective enables the viewer to empathize with all the players in the family drama , unlikely to have a happy ending .
Labor Day weekend at the Bourne Bridge has nothing on New Year 's in China .
Absolutely fascinating for fans of cultural anthropology .
I used to hate traveling and all the hassles it entails but after watching the arduous plight of so many millions who just want to go home to be with family , I feel as if I walked a mile in their shoes .
Directed by Lixin Fan , who also served as cinematographer and co-editor , `` The Last Train Home '' is a timely and important documentary without being particularly great .
What else do you want ? The question echoes down every frame of this haunting film , and Fan does n't pretend to have an answer .
As in the recent Sweetgrass and Alamar , Fan constructs a narrative from carefully observed reality that discerns individual pathos within the sweep of history .
Lixin Fan 's Last Train Home is a remarkable documentary that , by following a family of factory workers during a three-year period , says a lot about China and its difficult transition to economic powerhouse .
The Zhangs ' story is only one among millions , and Fan 's portrait serves equally as an indictment of a social and industrial system .
It 's depressing enough to watch this family 's struggles with life . But their pain really hits home when you think that the pants you might be wearing could have contributed to it .
An expert , unobtrusive observer , Fan disappears inside his own film and allows us to get completely inside his subjects ' lives .
Fan 's camera moves sinuously through these people 's lives and gives a human face to a national panorama .
This is essential viewing for understanding our world .
A riveting and big picture look at the social phenomenon unique to modern-day China and its rise as a capitalist power .
Tells the story of a family caught , and possibly crushed , between the past and the future -- a story that , on its own , is moving , even heartbreaking . Multiplied by 130 million , it becomes a terrifying and sobering panorama of the present .
Sobering documentary examines the plight of migrant workers in China , as seen through the problems of the Zhang family .
Last Train Home is a startling look at the devastating human cost of China 's newfound embrace of capitalism .
stunning , hypnotic
Lixin plays up the atmospheric underclass misery in service of a beautifully shot , heartbreaking vérité narrative about generation gaps and culture clashes .
Doing double duty as the film 's cinematographer , Fan demonstrates a pitch-perfect photojournalistic eye .
Last Train Home is an intimate portrait of an unfathomable immensity , focusing on a single family caught up in the world 's largest mass migration .
A raw compassionate spotlight on the ways in which public policy can impact on the personal lives of people . But what may have provided more clarity is what we do n't see , the factory owners who curiously escape the otherwise uncompromising camera 's eye .
An impressively photographed doc using one family to stand in for what each year forms the greatest migration in history .
A poignant documentary that puts a human face on the plight of 130 million migrant workers in China who are pawns in the global marketplace .
Helmed by Fan Lixin , who also takes credits as d.p. and co-editor , the pic laudably adopts an intimate , personal approach to a subject -- hardworking Chinese garment workers -- that 's been covered in more hectoring fashion elsewhere .
On the one hand this is a very personal tale of one family 's struggle to make the best of trying circumstances , on the other it is a stinging indictment on a political and economic structure that is stretching families to breaking point .
Lixin 's approach in the film has been to withhold direct commentary , either in the form of narration or on-screen interviews with her subjects .
Last Train Home stands as an impressive feature debut from the thirtysomething Lixin Fan and a harbinger of more great documentary cinema .
Contained in the simple story about one family 's progress in the new China is a larger message about globalization and the rapid dismantling of an entire culture .


@highlight

Last Train Home is a haunting , vivid documentary exploring the human toll of China 's economic boom in intimate , unforgettable detail .