She 's brought an ardent screenplay , a soaring score , and unapologetically gauzy sunlight to bear on the story of the man , his wife , and their lover who created the most iconic female superhero of all time .
Maybe a bit too long in places , but there 's no denying that Angela Robinson has made what is an excellent , yet ballsy movie .
Although its generally well told , the beginning is much better than the end , where it loses some strength . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... -LSB- an -RSB- extraordinary performance from Rebecca Hall . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
What 's so surprising is how -LSB- Angela -RSB- Robinson , who scripts as well as directs , makes this into a mature love story between three consenting adults pushing past their emotional comfort zones .
The breezy first half gives way to a more cumbersome second part , but the film never loses altitude in either its open-minded approach or in its pointed criticism of conservative prudery and anti-intellectualism .
Without giving too much away , this trio 's relationship goes on for decades , but it is the act of watching it evolve and usurp puritanical attitudes to triumph in so many ways that makes this fascinating biopic work as well as it does .
The drama also shows that Wonder Woman has come a long way , baby . Gone is her whole weakness to submission , being rendered harmless every time a man tied her up .
It 's an interesting story with a good cast that is marred by the awkward framing and a tendency to fall into the generic tropes of filmed biographies .
This is a powerful depiction of how society fears outsiders who bring big ideas that can change the world .
This is a film about eroticism and passion that is neither erotic nor passionate .
The presentation of the relationship between William , Elizabeth , and Olive has a purity and beauty that was captured and shines throughout the film .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women presents a fascinating backstory for a beloved superhuman heroine . And , it 's underlying themes of freedom and feminism are timely .
This enjoyable film by Angela Robinson ... emphasizes that sexuality is not a tumor that must be removed from the character , but rather , a vital organ . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Professor Marston and the Wonder Woman is a thoughtful story , woven with care and working to challenge both cinematic convention and social understandings .
The best superhero origin story yet to be put on film .
Despite the lame score , the often leaden direction and the comic sex scenes , the story of Professor William Marston ... is utterly fascinating .
At times the movie veers into sentimentality and the pacing slacks off in the final 30 minutes , but it never loses its magnetic focus on those three strong , central performances .
the film does not attempt to be cantankerous or scandalous , on the contrary , it emphasize the extreme feminism of Professor Marston who fervently believed in the intellectual and creative superiority of women . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The second Wonder Woman origin story to hit cinemas this year might not have the same action chops as Patty Jenkins ' blockbuster , but it certainly delivers on thought-provoking adult entertainment .
Such is the traffic jam of incredible facts that the film , told in classic biopic form , turns into one huge anecdote -- a story to tell friends about , rather than necessarily to watch .
All very interesting , no doubt , but this film tells its story in stilted fits and starts , and is oddly tasteful and decorous in its treatment of what one presumes was a human triangle born of deep passion .
All the performances are good but Hall 's is outstanding , in a film that fudges a few issues but always remains highly watchable , albeit in a rather superior 50 Shades Of Grey sort of way .
As well dressed as any traditional period drama , Professor Marston offers a romanticised version of events ... But beneath that glossy exterior lies a warm enduring love story that challenges rigid gender roles and the social orthodoxy .
-LSB- A -RSB- deliciously provocative film ...
An obvious labour of love , this is a film with extremely deep affection for its characters , which you will certainly share by the end .
Professor Marston and The Wonder Women is an eye-opening look at the life of comic book creator William Moulton Marston .
Sweet , funny , and sexy .
The picture has just enough odd class to keep indulgent audiences intrigued .
It is precisely this sincerity that makes the film rise above the schematic and rudimentary films based on real life stories ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A dry biopic with clunky dialogue and actors who are far more glamorous than their real-life counterparts .
... is ultimately undone by its corny conventionality .
A little dull to watch .
All three ... leads are sensational , although their performances are so supply intertwined , it 's hard to put a finger on exactly what each one is individually up to that 's so good .
... a playful , poignant and always surprising account of the birth of Wonder Woman .
The Moulton Martsen 's were pioneers in every aspect of their lives , but there is a TV movie feel about proceedings that does n't do them justice , as watchable as it is .
There 's ample complexity and nuance written into these issues and characters , but it only intermittently coalesces to truly satisfying ends .
It 's Hall who keeps us riveted ; she and the story 's reality underpinning .
-LSB- An -RSB- entertaining and empowering ode to the freedom that comes with living an unconventional life .
One of the pleasures of this surprising film is the way it sidles up to its subject , establishing a veneer of normalcy , then flipping it so that we begin to challenge that idea .
A timely and astute exploration of gender power .
In exploring the genesis of iconic female superhero Wonder Woman , writer-director Angela Robinson has crafted a film that is as empowering as it is entertaining .
Whether or not you 're a fan of Wonder Woman , this tale of her creation is rich , evocative and enlightening .
The lesser of 2017 's two Wonder Woman movies , this attempt to explore a complex three-sided relationship is let down by bland storytelling .
Professor Marston and the Women Women is a seemless blend of biography , history , and cultural scrutiny , blended together with a necessarily queer eye for an audience that might be surprised to know how the great icon came into being .
It 's a fascinating tale and the cast-Luke Evans , Rebecca Hall , and Bella Heathcote-is uniformly excellent ,
Much more enjoyable than some of DC Comics other productions . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... an invitation to take and exercise our freedoms and our right to the joy ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is n't quite subversive and it is n't quite illuminating . Ultimately , it is n't quite anything .
It 's quite a story and a cinematic task writer-director Angela Robinson is not always up to . But I was n't bored , and in this anemic year that 's saying a mouthful .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women may not be completely accurate , but that does n't dampen the message it sends . Trying to embrace your fluid sexuality in a conservative society is as relevant today as it was over 100 years ago .
A beautifully-affecting rarity in many ways , from its content to its themes , and it 's every bit one of this year 's best superhero movies .
It 's the story of how the character was created - a superhero-origins-origins movie - subverting the traditional biopic formula with affection , humor , and an irresistible `` love is love '' philosophy .
A fascinating cultural history in the guise of a sweeping period romance , despite the nontraditional relationship at its core , with empowering female leads .
If anything , Professor Marston demonstrates the need for more portrayals of a diverse range of relationships and romances , because then the stories we tell will be as unconventional and original as each relationship we tell them about .
Thought-provoking comic origin story has lots of sex .
Of all the superhero origin tales - real or fictional - this one may be the most extraordinary .
Hall and Heathcoate both do strong work .
-LSB- Director Angela Robinson 's -RSB- movie is as improbable and magical as any edition of the `` Wonder Woman '' comic .
The scenes of the trio together , feeling their way through this new approach to sex and relationships , border on thrilling .
... this film is an entrancing glimpse of the odd forms that love can take .
This film suffers from too much attention to period detail and costume fetishism and not enough courage to eschew conventional narration for something more daring .
The visual style and narrative safeness Director Angela Robinson employs feels all too conventional for a story this pertinently unconventional .
The attention paid to Elizabeth and Olive 's roles in every aspect of Marston 's crazy life is enough to brighten this film .
A sweet , romantic story about the polyamorous triad that created a beloved superhero ... and about the power of comic books to speak to our inner lives .
Propelled by an intriguing , unconventional feminist superpower , this is , undoubtedly , the most kinky , provocative comic-book superhero ` origin ' story - and it 's true !
There 's no denying that this is fascinating material , the kind you could n't and would n't make up -- Writer-director Angela Robinson has taken on a formidable challenge in telling this story
Robinson 's feature is one of those films that will make you view Wonder Woman differently and muse how she would be presented today if Marston 's vision had been fully realized .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is about a lot of things , but what it is best at is being about smart people who are n't any better at figuring out their lives than we are but are still gon na drive themselves nuts trying .
Writer-director Angela Robinson is interested in both her subjects and their ideas , and that counts for something .
An immensely powerful and fascinating film which makes you profoundly respect the foremost female superhero in the world .
... you 'll never think of Wonder Woman 's lasso of truth the same way again .
Professor Marston is a sharp and satisfying mix of film genres - biopic , character study and the sorely missed rom-com - that advance sex positivity in a way rarely seen in mainstream cinema .
The period drama seems overall too polished and safe , considering the scandalous and provocative subject matter .
A fast-paced , entertaining exploration of a rarely explored corner of pop culture history
Incomparably witty as they are impressively smart and achingly vulnerable , Luke Evans , Rebecca Hall and Bella Heathcote create a perfect menage-a-everything .
Wonder Woman 's genesis in bondage play and a willfully naughty attempt to subvert the mainstream deserves a more courageous film than this one , gauzy and overscored .
-LSB- The -RSB- defects are largely offset by fine production values and director Angela Robinson 's choice of subtle vs. graphic sexuality , treating the three-way lovemaking respectfully as natural , not salaciously as aberrant .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women aims to shake you up , make you think and maybe even squirm a little .
To be sure , the strange story behind the character is fascinating , but even given the racy possibilities , and the interesting psychological underpinnings , the film is oddly turgid .
It is Elizabeth Marston , the most doubtful , who emerges as the strongest character , Hall 's ability to express often conflicting emotions creating a mesmerizing performance .
A timely reminder how artists bend cultural norms then ... and now .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women offers a wealth of context about Wonder Woman 's iconography and presents a different kind of love story , but also cuts too many corners .
With so much covered in under two hours , it might have been more effective to concentrate on a specific era or aspect of each character 's story .
It rather clumsily explores the kinky roots of the female superhero and the thinly veiled bondage overtones at her story 's core .
This is arguably the phoniest film you 'll see all year , marred by clumsy direction , over-obvious acting and a wooden script that skews what was so radical about the thruple 's arrangement into something tame and downright boring .
-LSB- T -RSB- he real William Moulton Marston ... probably would be grateful that his presence ... is almost completely overshadowed by the two most significant women in his life .
In `` Professor Marston and the Wonder Women , '' you 'll discover the surprising psychology behind Wonder Woman , and perhaps a newfound appreciation for her powers to crumble social norms with sensuality . Truly , it is a wonder of a movie .
It may not be a great film , but it sure has one hell of a story to tell .
The most exceptional element of Professor Marston and the Wonder Women might actually be its comforting , radical normalcy .
... uses the template of the traditional biopic to put forward `` non-traditional '' gender roles ...
If you want to be downright floored by Wonder Woman , check out `` Professor Marston and The Wonder Women , '' a decidedly different origin tale .
Evans gives a dynamic performance as the crusading Marston , and Heathcote is endearing as the smart but slightly naive student drawn into this unusual romance . But the linchpin is Hall 's flinty , full-blooded performance as Elizabeth .
I prefer when it 's witty and funny to when it 's being melodramatic .
Sweet and rather silly , the movie is entertaining . It 's rarely persuasive , however , and generally seems like a missed opportunity .
Professor Marston & the Wonder Women stands head , shoulders , boots , tiara and lasso above many independent films of the moment . See it and you 'll come away with a new appreciation for the polywonder of creativity .
Turns an edgy , quite radical tale ... into a rather blandly conventional crowd-pleaser , but in its glossy , unthreatening way it 's still reasonably engaging .
Celebrates the bravery and creativity of Diana Prince 's mastermind and his muses , but with a tepidness toward the complications of their lives . The result is a gauzy , sexy ode to unconventionality that feels distinctly and disappointingly conventional .
A stranger-than-fiction story told with respect , sympathy and a touch of humor .
You may long for a more disreputable , less buttoned-up telling , but there is something about this one 's sleek , streamlined conventionality that feels both appropriate and pleasing .
A movie like this lives and dies on the chemistry of its leads and Luke Evans , Rebecca Hall , and Bella Heathcote are perfect together .
All three of the principals are terrific , but it 's Hall who most stands out .
A sly and thoroughly charming Trojan horse of a movie , `` Professor Marston '' tells the story of the man who created Wonder Woman and the women who inspired him , both in and out of bed .
Rebecca Hall gives a standout performance - something so good that it 's worth remembering when end-of-the-year citations are issued .
This amazingly tasteful movie , written/directed by Chicago native Angela Robinson , explores this real-life superhero origin story with sharp intelligence , arresting technical grace and affectionate empathy for the character 's nonconformist creator .
-LSB- A -RSB- fascinating and admirably adult true-life drama about the creation of the feisty Amazon we think we know so well .
A firecracker first half eventually fizzles , as things take a melodramatic turn in the film 's final act , but this is a clever and provocative look at love , sexuality , and the lies that preserve our fragile happiness .
What makes Professor Marston so impressive and sexy and sweet is how everyday it all seems . Robinson builds a case -LRB- a few times a little too directly -RRB- that Marston was , more than anything else , paying tribute to the women he adored .
As Marston once put it , ` Frankly , Wonder Woman is psychological propaganda for the new type of woman who , I believe , should rule the world . ' This reviewer concurs .
As it probes the hidden roots of the world 's most famous superhero , we learn remarkable things about her maker 's eccentric private life .
The story of the polyamorous trio who created D.C. 's iconic Amazonian hero does n't skimp on the kinky sex - or the sense of female empowerment . You 'll never look at Wonder Woman in the same way again .
-LSB- Marston -RSB- was a man of confounding contradictions , and the job of presenting them eventually proves too big a job for the movie .
A rich , expressive and intelligent character study about three people who constantly wrestle between their emotions and their intellects .
It 's a lively and absorbing picture - intelligently sexy , tastefully salacious but serious enough to stick .
A tasteful , surprisingly sedate biopic slathered in the traditional signposts of heavy exposition , gold-toned cinematography , and note-perfect period detail .
The `` Wonder Woman '' movie James Cameron needs to see .
Robinson tells this very unusual love story with nostalgic charm , never hitting any of her notes too hard .
In the playing , `` Professor Marston '' is both a breakthrough and fairly stodgy .
A nice companion piece to one of the biggest movies of the year , and a good movie in its own right .
Robinson uses a conventional structure to tell an unconventional story , making her subject both radical and relatable in the process .
`` Professor Marston and the Wonder Women '' is a story of courage and sacrifice , as well as a moving love story that 's really three love stories in one .
Professor Marston makes the persuasive case that Wonder Woman has the greatest origin story of them all .
Professor Marston & The Wonder Women makes for a perfect double bill with the Gal Gadot blockbuster . In fact , it would be a shame for an adult to see one without the other .
Unlike most non-fiction period pieces , Professor Marston 's subject matter is still dangerous , which is why Angela Robinson brilliantly presents it in prestige biopic packaging .
Wonder Woman gets a real-life origin story in the bold , compassionate , sexy Professor Marston and the Wonder Women .
Professor Marston is escapist entertainment of the highest , most nourishing order . And all somehow without summoning a single fiery god of War .
In the end , it 's a nice tribute not only to one of the comics ' greatest characters -LRB- and this year 's favorite movie hero -RRB- but the sort of truly unhindered , uncensored imagination that makes all fiction possible -- and all love real .
Thanks to these more enlightened , LBGTQ-embracing times , William Moulton Marston can finally be fully appreciated , polygynous relationship and all .
The writer and director Angela Robinson illuminates an extraordinary corner of pop-culture history with a bland and textureless drama .
Professor Marston is a sweet , saucy biopic about unconventional love and iconic origins -LRB- plus bondage ! -RRB- .
More than a featurette or biography , it 's a companion piece that shows precisely how real people can be heroes right alongside the fictional ones they create , just by learning how to be themselves and living that truth .
Robinson gives us a proudly queer romance that 's an absolute crowd pleaser , and easily one of the best films of the year .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is too confused to score any coherent political points .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women explores the origins of the character with empathy and emotion , and worth the journey .
The period style in Professor Marston And The Wonder Women is impeccable , particularly in the costuming , and the cast is as compelling to watch as the actors ' reputations might suggest .
An odd yet enjoyable film .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women deftly blends a beautiful tale of romance with the story of Wonder Woman 's origin and her feminist ideals .
Timely insight into the mind of Wonder Woman 's creator !
Director/writer Angela Robinson , with a very accomplished technical crew , takes viewers into the world of academia , comic books and bondage in the most nonchalant and romantic way .
It 's almost as if director Angela Robinson and co. did n't want to take the story out of its protective mylar bag , when a little bit of grit would 've done wonders .
Professor Marston is as traditional in structure as it is divergent in content . And , arguably , that is in itself subversive .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is a terrific story of finding acceptance , challenging the norm , and debating ideas in an intelligent instead of belligerent manner .
An overly entertaining experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Professor -RSB- Marston -LSB- & the Wonder Women -RSB- is simply a love letter to the amazing people who inhabit it .
Fascinating and tender .
Professor Marston & The Wonder Women is sexy , bold , and surprising from start to finish .
-LSB- Robinson -RSB- shines a light onto the identity struggles so many face today and presents an unconventional life as healthy and , dare I say , normal .
-LSB- Professor Marston -RSB- pays off in a genuinely moving story with great performances from all three leads .
It 's hard to ignore the power of a story that can package unorthodox concepts in such readymade trappings .
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women does n't reinvent the biopic - but it expands our ideas about the kinds of stories that biopics can tell .
Whether you 're in it for the Wonder Woman history , the representation , or simply an intriguing true story told well , Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is worth your time and your hard-earned bucks .
Professor Marston and The Wonder Women will forever change the way that you look at Wonder Woman .
Its non-stop feminist message can get a little heavy-handed at times , but the story pushes all the right buttons for women viewers and hopefully for a good number of little boys , too .
This movie spreads an odd pall of sentimentality and period-glow nostalgia over a fascinating real-life story .

@highlight

Professor Marston & The Wonder Women winds a lasso of cinematic truth around a fascinating fact-based tale with strong performances from its three stars .