With such titles as 2001 : A Space Odyssey and Planet of the Apes , the 1960s proved to be a particularly rich decade for science fiction cinema , and Fantastic Voyage stands as one of the period 's most imaginative efforts .
`` Fantastic Voyage '' is a fun adventure with some incredible sets representing the inside of the human body . What it lacks in reality is made up by beauty and skill .
Not be as suspenseful as it once was , because we 've seen many shots of the body 's interior and we no longer have the undercurrents of the Cold War that made life itself an edge-of-the-seat affair . But it 's still a fun sci-fi excursion .
Despite the film being nearly 50 years old , it 's still pretty impressive what they were able to accomplish using practical photography . Sure it 's campy , but it 's the kitschy design that makes it so much fun to watch .
That it carries the viewer along is thanks largely to its kitsch charm , its energetic pace and the stunning sets designed by Harper Goff .
Half planetarium , half lava lamp
Fascinating still , but suffers from lack of more sophisticated special effects . Still ... imagine Raquel Welch moving around inside .
Their voyage through the body 's bloodstream past assorted organs was created by inventive special effects that make this one of the more visually interesting science fiction films of its era .
The lavish production , boasting some brilliant special effects and superior creative efforts , is an entertaining , enlightening excursion through inner space -- the body of a man .
This special effects extravaganza from 1966 has proved surprisingly enduring , despite a technical quality crude by contemporary standards ; perhaps it 's the screwball poetry of the plot .
... our own human interior was revealed , like a Jacques Cousteau travelogue , in screen-filling vistas of surreal canals and chambers filled with floating psychedelia and the amorphous Jell-O colors of a Jimi Hendrix concert .
An opportunity missed , therefore -- especially as the imaginative sets are slightly tackily realised -- but fun all the same .
Well directed science fiction
All I can tell you is it is quite a trip .
Call this one big-time guilty pleasure . Special effects are dynamite , concept just as good .
A landmark of 1960s sci-fi ... remains compelling entertainment despite dated special effects , deliberate pacing , and indifferent dialogue and acting , thanks in part to the genuine wonder it brings to its premise .
`` Fantastic Voyage is an absurd but entertaining trip into inner space . ''
Irresistibly goofy ; you wo n't forget it
Great effects , great premise , not very exciting movie
A great old family-time adventure ... and it 's educational !
Adventure movies that get bogged down in talk are doomed , even if their premise is wonderful and parts of the film exciting or even inspiring .
The once revolutionary special effects not merely pales in comparison to many of today 's offerings , but looks downright silly .









@highlight

The special effects may be a bit dated today , but Fantastic Voyage still holds up well as an imaginative journey into the human body .