In spite of using the standard elements of a high school drama -LRB- read : Mean Girls-meets-The Princess Diaries -RRB- , Vampire Academy does n't suck -LRB- pun intended -RRB- ! It 's about friendship , high-school crushes , romance and much more .
-LSB- Vampire Academy -RSB- is cheesy , derivative and filled with simply drawn characters .
Another young-adult adaptation bites the dust .
Vampire Academy is often more fun than many brainless supernatural tween films .
What 's saddest of all is that the Gen Y audience this is meant for will be so busy texting during the film they wo n't notice how poor it is , they 'll love it -- and there will be a sequel .
... I hoped for better but am not displeased with slightly messy , campy but funny and entertaining vamp dramedy I got .
It 's too transparently a ploy to hook teenage girls by combining vampires , Hogwarts , and princesses , three things that teenage girls presumably adore .
A film that attempts to satire the popular love triangle romances of the current day , yet falls into the same tired cliches of said films .
The action is underwhelming and the plot muddled , taking so long to explain the saga 's complex mythology that there 's no time left to flesh out the characters . Which is a shame , as Deutch 's heroine has a sassy spark .
Rarely have I felt such disconnect between material and the actors tasked with performing it as I did with Mark Waters ' Vampire Academy .
I died a little bit inside .
Richelle Mead 's sharp series of young-adult novels might have been better off being adapted for longform TV , rather than the big-screen blunting they cop here .
Joining the painful list of Goth-drenched Twilight franchise wannabes - Mortal Instruments , Beautiful Creatures , Dark Shadows - comes a half-baked , yappy stab at blending sexy Undead girls into a teen high school comedy . . Even hardcore Goths will be bored .
I thought it was a complete mess . I thought the teenage dialogue was puerile and that was a shame because Daniel Waters wrote the screenplay for HEATHERS , which is one of the really nice films about school but that was a long time ago .
It is so silly , so convoluted in terms of plot , but so insouciant that it almost gets away with it . Almost .
Despite an all star team behind the camera this is probably the first occasion where the film is literally impossible to understand without reading the novel first .
I really did try to channel the 17 year old high school girl within , byzantine , bitchy scheming an ' all , but it 's a stretch too far , and had to be content with enjoying the performances
The screenplay by Daniel Waters , the director 's brother , is stuffed with puerile dialogue , all the more disappointing given that , back in 1988 , he wrote one of the best school movies , Heathers .
Previous teen films from brothers Daniel and Mark Waters had a lot of bite , so it 's sad their first collaboration is a toothless horror-adventure-comedy-romance motivated by The Weinstein Company 's eagerness for a Harry Potter-meets-Twilight franchise .
It was almost touching to reach the end of Vampire Academy and find that it not only left itself open for a sequel , but seemed so certain of that eventuality that it set one up .
Vampire Academy occasionally plays as if it 's on fast-forward , rushing from one moment to the next without providing much reason to care about what 's happening -LSB- . -RSB-
I ca n't speak for Richelle Mead 's novels , but I 'm assuming they read like the instruction manuals for a role playing game : there are both too many , and not enough , rules .
This is a garbage heap of weak quips , delivered by an assortment of pretty boys and girls and amped up with some cheesy moments of animal cruelty .
It 's not a complete disaster , but even the appearance of Gabriel Byrne , as Lissa 's uncle Victor , fails to make much of a dent in the slapdash proceedings .
Not only plays like the crassest possible mashup of `` Harry Potter '' and `` Twilight '' elements , but seems designed to make those franchises look like eternal monuments of world culture by comparison .
A fast-paced yet foolishly fanged fable ...
When the dream sequence killing off the cast is better than everything afterward , you MIGHT have a script problem ... This is why we ca n't have good vampire movies .
I 'm happy to report that Vampire Academy is actually a pretty fun little flick that shoots for flip and actually lands there .
This attempt to capture the magic of the `` Twilight '' and `` Harry Potter '' franchises tries too hard to pack all the backstory and borrowings into one film .
-LSB- Mr. Waters -RSB- does n't seem especially interested in the supernatural parts of `` Vampire Academy , '' and he clearly did n't have the budget to make what little hocus-pocus there is magical .
Toothless genre mash-up , which should finally put a stake into the heart of these teen vampire movies .
Makes TWILIGHT look good - something I never thought I would say about any movie ever - now please excuse me while I go wash my mouth out with soap .
Had this been played tongue in cheek , and taken to the logical extreme , this could have been a blast . Unfortunately , it 's played straight . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Ultimately more `` Meaningless '' than `` Mean Girls , '' `` Vampire Academy '' is a busy , overcomplicated empowerment fantasy with more hormones than brain cells .
Vampire Academy is just another failure in a long line of similarly structured experiences and quite frankly , the fact that there are six of these books blows my mind .
Put Robert Pattinson in Grade 12 and outfit his classmates with cleavage that would make Hermione blush , and you have a notion of the joys in store here .
Most of the time , the actors are working so hard to keep us up on developments in the plot that they do n't have time to fill in character details .
The only thing that distinguishes this teen-magnet wannabe from its predecessors is how lazily it appears to have been slapped together .
For smart , strong girls , and the guys who like them , Vampire Academy will hit a vein .
It 's `` Twilight '' as directed by Mark Waters , of `` Mean Girls . '' It 's an idea that might have been intriguing 15 years ago , before those movies existed .
If a supernatural teen film ever required CliffsNotes , it would be this one .
Vampire Academy will likely only satisfy fans of the books . To most everyone else , it 's another disposable addition to the growing pile of cheap YA movie adaptations .
One idea , mixed with lame jokes , and stretched beyond coherence . Vampire Academy does n't need a review . It needs a stake in the heart .
For the target audience - teen girls likely to spend as much time gossiping in the theater lobby as they are to actually watch the movie - `` Vampire Academy '' is pure catnip .
If I laughed once more , I would have laughed once .
Vampire Academy ultimately does n't have much bite , but that does n't stop it from trying to continually show its teeth .
Exposition : The Movie .
Only a fraction of the scores of attempted jokes work , but it 's still funnier than it has any right to be .
Mark Waters ' ` Vampire Academy ' is a tedium of heavy exposition , tired pop culture humor and some of the lamest vampires ever ...
It does n't build its world as deftly as ` Hunger Games ' and ca n't compete with ` Mean Girls '' smart wit , but ` Vampire Academy ' does manage to find a place for itself as a silly yet enjoyable variant .
Hard to believe the same Daniel Waters who wrote HEATHERS wrote this . The mythology here is hilariously convoluted . Also - the subtext about the Dhampirs being content servants -LRB- slaves even -RRB- is more than a little odd .
a stink bomb like this requires the devotion of a true fan to not only figure out what 's going on , but why we should care in the first place

@highlight

Though it may appeal to its built-in fanbase , Vampire Academy 's Twilight - meets - Mean Girls conceit borrows lazily from its predecessors and offers few laughs or thrills to complement its overstuffed backstory .