Mustang immediately stands out amidst the largely male-dominated efforts of contemporary cinema , its concerns distinctly feminine in constitution , its context specific in circumstance yet universal in scope .
With this film , Ergüven creates a moving leap forward in the evolution of female self-determination .
-LSB- Deniz Gamze -RSB- Ergüven , with her first feature film , has given voice to many young girls struggling to enjoy basic freedoms .
As action-adventure movies go , Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's debut , which made this year 's Oscar short list for foreign-language film , is as unlikely as they come , but little Lale makes for one hell of a kick-ass heroine
The film is never self-consciously stylized or manipulative ; even the hauntingly lovely score by Warren Ellis does not overburden the action . This story feels plausible and intimate .
For all its tragedy , Mustang is an uplifting , ethereal movie , which captures the magical inner world the sisters create despite and because of their confinement .
Gamze Ergüven 's multiple filters allow her to create a film with universal appeal and one with which cross-cultural audiences can identify .
Girls forced to marry in powerful Turkish drama ; some sex .
Mustang is an utterly arresting coming-of-age story - and most importantly , one that vitally needs to be told .
The plot pacing never falters , and at a running length of only ninety minutes , its ability to pull the audience into the world and align them with the characters with such immediacy and poignancy is impressive .
he tension between oppression and youth is so beautifully played -LRB- Günes Sensoy stands out -RRB- and poised -- dodgy voiceover aside -- the final glimmer of hope makes you want to punch the air .
Ergüven 's luckiest break was finding the five charismatic young women to portray these powerful and truly individual characters .
Erguven 's is a limber , vigorous style of filmmaking .
I wo n't tell you how it ends . I will say you should see for yourself .
An appealing young cast gives the movie a sense of sustained and authentic life , even as Erguven explores the necessary defiance of young women who refuse to be shackled by the rules of a culture that demands submission .
Although it invites comparisons to The Virgin Suicides , Mustang 's rebellious spirit benefits from a point of view that 's intimately female , thanks to a great script by Ergüven and Alice Winocour .
Ergüven has delivered a debut for the ages , her film a chilling , emotionally shattering marvel I 'm unlikely to forget anytime soon .
Mustang is a strikingly original , if disturbing film , which certainly deserves to be seen by us all .
There 's nothing surprising in the film 's aesthetic , but it 's executed with admirable skill and vitality .
While a highly realistic film because of its naturalistic actors , it 's equally stylised by providing space for the actors through formal decisions that amplify their emotions .
Mustang is astonishing ; staying with you long after viewing .
Very solid and well-constructed film that is eye-opening without being heavy-handed .
There are so many remarkable things about this wonderful movie .
Erguven has said the film was inspired from memories of her own childhood , and much of it certainly presents a seemingly authentic reality .
Erguven 's assured direction seals the deal . There 's a mythical quality to this tale of burgeoning female sexuality that transcends the more hackneyed elements of the plot and marks her out as a director to watch .
Mustang is not your predictable ` girls in rebellion ' movie ; it is much more than a simplistic feminist essay .
Unbridled like wild horses and revved up like the car built for exhilaration , the five young girls at the film 's centre exude a contagious enthusiasm for life .
A near-masterpiece from first-time writer-director Deniz Gamze Erguven .
Erguven has a naturalistic style and does n't seem too concerned with flash or wizardry , preferring to let the story and characters take centre stage .
Erguven is wisely determined to avoid any hint of melodrama .
This is accomplished debut film making with an important message with the promise of more great works to come .
Sexual abuse is visually implied , rather than witnessed ; the skilful cultivation of emotional intensity acts as a proxy for violence in provoking anxiety and fear .
Full of spirit , energy and a contagious intimacy , Turkish-born French director Deniz Gamze Erguven 's debut is a beautifully tender portrait of five young sisters not only coming of age , but trying to come into power .
The filmmakers approach their characters not as political objects but as rare humans grappling with that unique moment when childhood gives way-painfully but sometimes beautifully-to brutal realities .
This is lovely comedy , but the mood turns harrowing when it becomes clear most of the sisters will be forced to become the servile wives of older men .
Even in its darker moments -LRB- death , domestic abuse , a humiliating hymeneal exam -RRB- , Ergüven contrives to make her subject-matter uplifting .
A superbly acted study of suppression that 's more intent on provocation than plausibility .
I loved it , but it made me mad .
A compelling drama that is deserving of the acclaim so far received .
As bleak as things get , debut director Deniz Gamze Ergüven revels in the exuberance of her principal protagonists , ensuring this remains a hopeful celebration of life lived under trying circumstances .
With its rooted sense of place and community , and rebellious spirit , this is an accomplished and engaging debut .
It 's a wonderful film , beautifully made and a compelling argument against the perversions of puritanism .
Mustang is incendiary and intimate , enraging and sweet .
The story of lives restricted by conservative beliefs is a human tragedy that unfolds with the pace and momentum of a thriller .
Truthful , touching and , ultimately , uplifting .
Mustang never quite conforms to expectation , and some of the tonal shifts from comic to tragic jar , but it 's a confident , illuminating debut .
Too bad Mustang did n't screen sooner , because it is certainly one of the best films of 2015 .
Raw , funny and incredibly moving .
Masterfully balances its personal and political concerns .
The giddy abandon of youthful pleasures are writ large across blissed-out faces and fast mouths . The story moves at speed , with Ergüven constantly resisting the temptation to pause and wring sentiment from a dramatic development .
Mustang is a beautiful film , that 's by turns funny , distressing and redemptive .
Sharp , tender , topical take on female empowerment .
The story of five orphaned sisters as they teeter on the brink of adulthood , Mustang is a tale pregnant with conflict and one that , despite its languid , naturalistic style , bristles with tension .
Forget Little Women , this has more in common with The Great Escape .
Mustang is full of social critisism but it does it in a very subtle and justified way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A necessary fable that redeems the position of women in Turkish society and in similar countries . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is film is a beauty -LRB- just like its protagonists -RRB- because they have magnificent resolve in their performances and captivate us with their great naturality and interactions , exploring their relationships as sisters . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A great debut coming-of-age film by the woman French-born writer-director Deniz Gamze Ergüven .
The film 's in-your-face allegories and occasional condescension towards its side characters can leave the local viewer with mixed feelings . But credit where credit is due , Ergüven proves with her debut that she is a promising director .
Mustang is a wilful act of political aggression as much as a study of female subordination .
Smart , perceptive , keenly observant , heartbreaking : how the world crushes girls and turns lively people into automatons merely because they are female .
Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's brilliant , affecting Academy Award-nominated drama , loosely based on her own upbringing , initially resembles The Virgin Suicides only to swerve into nail-biting thriller terrain .
... the best part is how Erguven watches these creatures , these lithe little animals who lounge and roughhouse with one another ... . as they mourn the lost world beyond the gates , and real steel in their determination to get themselves free .
The story is n't particularly original , but Mustang 's achievement is to criticize a society that sexualizes everything women do while still celebrating the girls ' sexuality .
An excellent film that shows us not everyone lives in the 21st Century . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Through these five Turkish girls ' story , the film makes a shocking portrait about the role of women in modern societies still governed by sexism . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie is an interesting examination about the mores and perceptions on women 's roles . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Mustang has successfully rowdy comedic moments , an earthy non-exploitive sensuality , often clever visual framing , and even a hard-won scrappy optimism to balance out its tough reality checks . In short : it 's excellent .
It 's a beautiful , quietly devastating and ultimately hopeful film that deserves to be seen .
The movie , loaded with good intentions , and some good results , is hampered by a weak narrative construction . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Mustang is concerned to portray a situation to Western eyes that is a deep-rooted problem , and does so in an interesting way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For everything the film nails -LRB- and it 's quite a lot -RRB- the main joy of Mustang is how emotionally evocative it is .
Ergüven is n't peddling blind optimism so much as a realism animated by the belief that freedom-far from being inevitable-must be fought for . That it will be fought for .
If it was Erguven 's intent to anger as much as educate , she fully succeeds . Her film rips you to bits . But it also makes you laugh , as well as think .
A femenist statement that denounces issues with secularity and religion in Turkey . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
`` Mustang '' wants to send a message about old world patriarchal cultures , and it stumbles over itself to get there .
Youth is so often sacrificed in the pursuit of some kind of warped purity . Mustang is an impassioned reaction to such dogma , a gorgeous , heartfelt assertion that it 's your right to live however the hell you want .
As infuriating and destructive as this scenario is , there is something undeniably joyous in the fight ...
That there are five sisters allows Erguven to explore the scenario 's several possible outcomes , be it happy ending or tragedy or the bittersweet fates in between .
Ergüven 's film , beautifully shot and beautifully performed , cuts its storybook tone with starker , more brutal truths .
Erguven , an actress as well as a writer and director , presents a quiet , keenly observed drama that gently unfolds at its proper pace .
Part of a welcome international wave of films made by women directors that focus on girls growing up in worlds of men - and on what they look like when no one 's looking .
`` Mustang '' could have been relentlessly grim but Ergüven finds just as many joys to go along with the pains of fighting for female independence .
Forget the term `` slow burn '' - Mustang is a cold burn : From start to finish , the film crackles with gelid fury .
Ergüven and cowriter Alice Winocour have a keen understanding of teenage impetuosity and adult cruelty .
Mustang is a wonderfully shot and beautifully acted -LRB- by mostly non-actors -RRB- film that spits in the face of oppressive forces while only mildly stumbling over rookie errors .
Ergüven and Winocour hold education up as the solution ; only when girls get schooling can they figure out how to change male-dominated behavior , at least as far as their society will allow .
Among Erguven 's finest achievements with `` Mustang '' is casting such mesmerizing actresses to play characters who would be just as at home in a Chekhov production or an Instagram-worthy fashion shoot .
The issues at play in `` Mustang '' are gravely serious but the tone and rhythm is brisk , headlong and intelligently lively , like the women at the center .
A wonderfully refreshing experience .
A provocative yet joyous celebration of the power of female agency . A self-conscious fairytale , it 's one of 2015 's smoothest , most confident directorial debuts , superficially a Turkish Virgin Suicides , but very much -LSB- its -RSB- own wild creature ,
The abuse and oppression in `` Mustang '' are infuriating , but the film is fueled by girl power .
Ergüven makes no attempt to portray Turkish society as two-dimensional with women as the victims and men as the monsters . The resulting film feels imbued with an undeniable authenticity and potent immediacy .
`` Mustang '' puts its cultural stamp on a story gripping in its ageless universality and gutting in its modern urgency .
Marred by its failure to make up its mind whether to tell a tale of victimology or resistance , it is redeemed by its performances and general panache .
It is surprisingly nuanced and even something of an adventure tale about a fight for freedom and identity .
It 's a moving portrait of sisterhood , a celebration of a fierce femininity and a damning indictment of patriarchal systems that seek to destroy and control this spirit .
-LSB- A -RSB- beautiful , harrowing film .
You root for these characters all the way .
Drawing convincing performances from a mostly nonprofessional cast , Erguven has created heroines who are not mere imprisoned Disney princesses .
It speaks a touching international language of frustrated youth that anyone can understand .
The impressive film not only underscores the clash between traditional and modern values , but also provides inspiration for deciding your own fate , even when the world seemingly does n't give you a choice .
Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's debut film Mustang is an often-harrowing look at the subjugation of girls in present-day Turkey as they 're groomed to become `` proper '' women .
In many regions of the globe , Ergüven reminds us , this is how young women are still being treated as chattel .
It may seem like medicine , but the feature has important ideas to share about the ways of the world , winding its way through surprises and heartbreak with fresh energy .
The director and her co-writer Alice Winocour side with their young protagonists , drawing on their boundless energy to tell their story in the spirit of a fable and in a way that makes it accessible to younger audiences .
A timely and powerful tale of female empowerment set in present-day Turkey .
Mustang offers some nearly surreal looks into a culture fixated on virginity and women as spoilable objects .
Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's exuberantly defiant debut film follows five sisters who fight sexist traditions in a remote Turkish village .
It 's both a playful portrait of sisterhood and a powerful examination of burgeoning feminism .
An astonishing Turkish drama about the oppression of five spirited young women whose sexuality frightens the Muslim elders in the community .
`` Mustang '' is the début feature of Deniz Gamze Ergüven , and it 's quite something : a coming-of-age fable mapped onto a prison break , at once dream-hazed and sharp-edged with suspense .
A coming-of-age feminist fairy tale and just the film we need right now .
`` Mustang '' grabs you with its own sense of haunting melancholy , as well as an increasing feeling of urgency and outrage .
Ergüven 's intimate treatment of the material and the complexity with which she portrays the young girls ' growth and liberation make this one of the most compelling feminist films of recent years .
Full of life even as it depicts lives in lockdown , `` Mustang '' is a stunning debut feature by Deniz Gamze Ergüven about five sisters in rural Turkey .
A gripping mix of comedy , tragedy , political anger and , despite everything , hope .
Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's confident debut introduces five stellar first-time actors and Ergüven as an essential , universal voice in contemporary , female-driven cinema .
This sneaky shocker of a debut feature -- sneaky because it 's so good at depicting the sisters ' joyousness before , and even after , darkness descends -- was directed by Deniz Gamze Ergüven from a script she wrote with Alice Winocour .
Like the teen angst classic ` Over the Edge , ' ` Mustang ' manages to be both stirring and weirdly fun , righteous and light -LRB- or light-ish -RRB- .
Pulls off a very tricky balancing act between bemoaning its characters ' fate and celebrating their resilience .
It hurts to see those bars erected around the house . It hurts worse to see them mounted in the girls ' minds .
Focuses in feverish close-up on the adolescent awakening of five restless , radiant sisters-and the ruin that follows when their family tries to contain it .
The film punctuates the sisters ' confinement with various episodes united by their contrivance .
-LSB- Ergüven -RSB- gets appealing and fiercely committed performances from the five young actresses at the story 's center , but above all she effectively stokes righteous anger at a situation that admits no clear remedy other than mere escape .
Ergüven 's insistence that girls just want to have fun makes for grand entertainment , yet somehow lends the film 's darker moments more credibility and impact as well .
An energetic band of sisters become sexually repressed by their grandmother and uncle with tragic results , as the film shifts easily from comedy to serious , satirical drama .
A powerful story for any family to see .
Ergüven films their blossoming bodies with the same unyielding energy and liberates her narrative-a skillful blend of tragedy and fable-from genre constraints , crafting her own brand of magical realism instead .
Her story becomes that of millions of women who have looked at the world around them and found they needed more .
Deniz Gamze Ergüven 's debut is n't just Turkey 's answer to ` The Virgin Suicides , ' but also a near-flawless portrait of how girls cope with , act out against , and escape from repressive circumstances that threaten to reduce them to solely their gender .
-LSB- Erguven -RSB- proves especially skilled with her cast of newcomers , whose powerful individualism as well as their vibrant bond together are perfect vessels for the script 's message .
What makes the transfixing film so effective is that the director refuses to portray them simplistically , as misunderstood angels , and she has enough trust in her audience to leave the drama 's implicit feminism unstated .
Mustang is a gripping film , and one that ought to stir up a bit of controversy in Turkey .
What begins as a playful look at five young women 's rebellion against their strict upbringing soon becomes something far more stirring and emotional .
The exuberant life and liveliness that spills off the screen and the effortless sororal chemistry between these young actresses are compelling reasons to seek out Mustang .
-LSB- Ergüven has -RSB- made a fiercely feminist statement into a work of art .

@highlight

Mustang delivers a bracing -- and thoroughly timely -- message whose power is further bolstered by the efforts of a stellar ensemble cast .