Walk the Line -- although conspicuously well acted -- is really no different from previous efforts , and that 's a good thing . It shares the charm of the -LRB- musical biopic -RRB- genre .
Not only does the film show just how hungry Cash was to sing his songs , it understands how hungry society was for the cataclysmic changes such music brought .
It 's a tidy Hollywood arc imposed on a messy real life , but it gets the job done .
the acting compensates for the weaknesses in the script
What made this film work , and what ultimately won it most of its acclaim , were the performances of the actors .
Reverently reductive
A fun , well acted , and well directed piece of filmmaking ...
Walk the Line is n't as great a biopic as Ray , but it 's still a fine tribute to the Man in Black and his muse .
a very solid piece of filmmaking ... but as a biopic it walks the line between conservative and bland .
A sturdily conventional biopic .
Witherspoon delivers a full-bodied , note-perfect performance as sassy , no-nonsense June , and proves herself an able singer in the process .
Reese Witherspoon is a marvel .
A sorry excuse for a musical biopic .
... an endearing tribute to a justly popular country singer .
Walk the line es la vivencia de un hombre , entregándose al baile de sus demonios , para después enfrentarlos y salir avante de ellos .
Phoenix makes himself an immediate Oscar contender by capturing Cash with more than just facial expressions and body language .
Una biografía más bien convencional y algo superficial , que vale la pena más que nada por la labor de sus protagonistas y por la música de Johnny Cash .
In spite of all it does right , Walk the Line leaves one with the nagging sense of a story unfinished -- or rather , with something left out .
Divide com Ray praticamente todos os seus erros e acertos , ambos revelando-se obras medianas que são elevadas graças às atuações impecáveis de seus protagonistas .
If the idea of sitting though a two-and-almost-a-half-hour long biographical movie about a Country singer does n't exactly appeal , then think again .
Walk the Line is unusually moving without ever becoming mawkish , in the usual biopic way . It 's a virtual reincarnation of a peerless American artist .
It may not completely satisfy as a musical tribute to the great Johnny Cash , but it leaves you with a strong sense of the man , his rebellion and the tangible bond he shared with the woman he loved .
I advise you catch up with Walk the Line , if only for Ms. Witherspoon 's transcendent joyousness as a still-growing legend within a legend .
It 's a crowd-pleaser , one you ca n't walk out of feeling cheated .
Luckily , at the heart of this movie is the tender , ever rocky relationship between soul-mates Johnny Cash and June Carter .
A stirring , straightforward musical masterpiece .
Remove the screenplay issues and one will discover that Walk the Line is an enjoyable and often entertaining picture about the life of a musical legend .
-LSB- Y -RSB- ou 'd be foolish to miss it because it does boast moments of true perfection and genius .
Walk does more than tip toe to the legendary aura of Johnny Cash -- it stomps its feet more pleasingly than an overactive Baptist preacher during Sunday services .
Director James Mangold , who co-wrote the screenplay , connects the dots with enough swagger and enjoyable details ...
Reese Witherspoon really takes her acting to another level with this film , bringing an electricity to the part of June Carter that deserves more than a little Oscar buzz .
-LSB- A -RSB- n old-fashioned C&W standard .
Joaquin Phoenix and especially Reese Witherspoon prove themselves very talented , but Cash 's life simply did not supply them with any sort of unique or even engaging material .
-LSB- The mesmerizingly instinctual -RSB- Phoenix ca n't make lyric art of Cash 's songs , but he can make performance art of the moment in which he sings them .
... tedious and repetitive ...
Biopics are among my least favorite genres because of the almost inevitable problems , but this was a pretty good biopic .
Walk the Line is buoyed by such sharp writing and strong performances that it floats above the tired conventions of the movie biography .
When it ended , I thought `` Huh ? But the story was just getting going ! ''
A mighty fine piece of work .
Conforming to every rule in the book , it 's a square old-fashioned musical about a rebel who never played by anybody 's rules except his own . But still , somehow it works .
Phoenix as Cash in Walk the Line is the next best thing to having been there , I suppose .
Coming just a year after Taylor Hackford 's Ray , comparisons between this and that Oscar-winning Jamie Foxx biopic are inevitable . On most levels , those comparisons are unfair .
Cash 's story may be interesting , but you would n't know it by this plodding paint-by-numbers script , which not only presages every plot point in the first scene , but offers not a scintilla of insight .
Swap this music-legend biopic with any other . It 's the same old song .
A worthwhile tribute to two country music legends , featuring two talented young actors at the peak of their powers .
Mangold was wisely generous with the amount of musical performance he included in the film , and the later scenes -- showing Cash and Carter as partners -- are so well shot and edited , they defy you to sit still .
The best sequence in the film comes when Cash entertains the inmates at Folsom Prison .
You would be hard pressed to find finer performances this year .
Impressive start , strong acting , but goes long . A bit tedious to watch Joaquin Cash stumble all over his personal life . Maybe that 's because we saw Ray not so long ago .
I can no longer ask , `` why does n't some daring soul do a bio of a country singer ? '' For the moment , I 'm satisfied , and relieved .
Great performances by Joaquin Phoenix , as Johnny Cash , and Reese Witherspoon , as June Carter , drive the movie .
Phoenix may provide the movie with its voice , but it 's Witherspoon who delivers its soul .
From a technical perspective , Walk the Line was a lovely , moving , and interesting film , but Cash remains an enigma only to be guessed at in his music .
It aint easy walkin ' into a force like Cash 's life-shoes . But , Phoenix , Witherspoon and Mangold done did good ...
We 've walked this line before , so it 's good news for Mangold that his excellent cast makes us forget it .
Walk the Line is n't the great musical biopic Ray is , but it has golden moments .
With such a workman-like construction , the romance loses a lot of its potential emotional impact , and by pushing it into the background , the exploration of Cash 's extraordinary career comes out lacking as well .
It 's last year 's overrated Ray with an all-white cast -- and it 's ultimately about as dramatically inert .
The performances are perfect . Phoenix , who was hand picked by Cash , captures the man in every way , down to the way he cradles his guitar when playing . Witherspoon is equally good , giving depth to what could have been a very one-dimensional role .
Reese Witherspoon ca n't save Phoenix from going down , down , down in a burning ring of fire . He is not reborn in his own ashes .
If Phoenix makes Cash look like he made a deal with the devil , then Witherspoon convinces you that Carter received training from angels .
Phoenix explores the dark , gravelly depths of his voice to find Cash 's haunted tones .
The line might be a bit long but it is well worth the journey .
He may not be the only daddy to walk the Oscar line , but right now Joaquin Phoenix is ahead of the rest of the pack .
Phoenix 's performance has flaws , to be sure , but his approach is the right one .
Powered by two brilliant performances and the endlessly fascinating ` Man in Black , ' it is a masterful film on every level .
The most dead on portrayal of a country music star since Sissy played Loretta
Director Mangold avoids most traps of the biopic thanks to Joaquin and Reese , but some obvious mistakes makes Line only good . It 's just not great .
With its lead stars up to the task of lifting up a rather old formula , Walk the Line manages to do just that .
Mangold understands how to deliver romance without the moon eyes or saccharine coating , and his careful , intimately close camera gets us under the skin of his chosen couple .
Sure , Phoenix and Witherspoon rock . But imagine the Life of Bono without Jesus or Africa , or the Tom Cruise Story without Scientology . Mangold ignores Cash 's deepest passion .
These two characters - who seem like polar opposites on the surface - come together to create a great American love story .
Phoenix 's Cash is less an uncanny reproduction of the man and his style than an embodiment that looks and sounds just enough like the real man to pull it off .
It is Cash 's flaws that make him such a colorful and interesting character .
The likable star is painted in too simple a way to ever approach knowing his self-invented character .
John R. Cash -LRB- Joaquin Phoenix -RRB- is a hard-drinking , drug-abusing , soul-searching , all-black-wearing , June-Carter-loving man .
Despite strong performances , this is just another standard bio-pic , the plot of which you could probably recite without ever even seeing it .
Witherspoon and Phoenix are brilliant . Their chemistry is undeniable . The way they play off of each other is masterful . They make Walk the Line unforgettable .
A surefire crowd pleaser .
You do n't have to like this kind of music -LRB- I do n't -RRB- to appreciate the movie , especially for Reese Witherspoon 's mature performance .
If you like country music , you 'll like the film . Even if you do n't , you 'll still like it .
Johnny Cash could n't walk the line , but his bio never wavers .
The powerhouse performances from Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon sell even the mustier of moments .
`` Walk the Line '' is n't a bad movie , just an uninspiring one . Cash is a legend , and deserving of a more thoughtful portrayal than what we 're offered here .
A dash more authentic -- or , at least , more subtle -- than its Hollywood spawning and Taylor Hackford 's come-on-strong take on -LSB- Ray -RSB- Charles would seem to predict .
A simply stellar , electric , musical biopic that joins the best ever made .
... when -LSB- Phoenix and Witherspoon -RSB- are not together , the movie suffers .
Phoenix nails Cash 's little-boy charm and pantherlike intensity , while Witherspoon reflects June 's show-biz savvy , maternal sensibility and world-weariness . Together , they make one of the most combustible screen couples in recent memory .
While the narrative toes the biopic genre line - - tragedy , addiction , redemption - - too closely to be dramatically gripping , the performances are electrifying .
If Walk the Line is n't the full story of Johnny Cash , it 's at least a crucial corner of it , a way of coaxing a legend down to a human scale , without shrinking that legend away to nothingness .
Phoenix is terrific in Walk the Line - - the actor 's taciturn , brooding persona dovetails beautifully with the role - - but it 's his scenes opposite Witherspoon that give the movie its real spark .
Walk the Line may not be the most innovative musical biopic , but they sure ai n't makin ' love stories like this one anymore .
A Johnny Cash biopic equally packed with music and frustrated love , Walk the Line goes from compelling to enthralling .
The draw is Phoenix and Witherspoon . Together the two are hotter than a pepper sprout .
Phoenix 's performance is more of an interior journey that slowly grows on us .
-LSB- Director -RSB- James Mangold 's mostly excellent Walk the Line is designed as a Christian epic .
-LSB- `` Walk the Line '' -RSB- is more a series of episodes strung together , interspersed with stage performances of Cash in concert .
Joaquin Phoenix is n't Johnny Cash . But with the clip-clop of rhythms behind him , aiming his guitar like a gun , he puts on one sensational show .
A person 's life story is also the story of the people around him . Recognizing that is the secret to the greatness of Walk the Line .
Walk the Line is less music history than love story , and it comes down to the performances of the two people at its center , both of which are splendid .
The problem is that the movie plays down almost everything that made Cash great : the train rumble of a voice , the direct , poetic truth of his best lyrics , the invention of his outlaw image and his constant creativity .
A passionate , warts-and-all chronicle of an extraordinary American artist , not to mention a love story that ca n't be beat .
Hard-core Cash fans might have trouble with a couple of plot leaps , but this is a more than worthy recap of a time in a man 's life that is simply too large for any single movie .
Walk the Line comes alive intermittently .
Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon will likely be nominated for Oscars for their phenomenal performances as Johnny Cash and June Carter in Walk the Line .
Walk the Line in nearly every way equals the engrossing power of Ray .
Walk the Line is absolute standard biopic stuff , so familiar that it blatantly echoes last year 's Ray , which similarly failed to do justice to the legendary Ray Charles .
The acting and the music are the main attractions here , so if you keep a close watch on your creativity meter , you should have a pretty decent time with Walk the Line .
A sort of stealth musical that tells its story of heartache , longing , passion and fated love more effectively through song than script .
It 's a celebration of the good times and bad times shared by a man and woman who found each other in the middle of some historic craziness , and it rocks .
Walk the Line is n't a bad movie . It 's just a shallow and superficial one .
What really sells Walk the Line is the believable chemistry between the two leads .
Phoenix is a little gloomy for my taste , but his approximation of Cash 's singing is strangely good -- not an imitation , but a musically acceptable re-creation that comes organically from his performance . And Witherspoon is simply terrific .
Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon should go on tour .
Walk the Line leaves you feeling an unusual sensation , at least as far as current movies go : You feel as if you 've gotten your money 's worth when it comes to entertainment and drama .
... demotes one of the most fascinating figures in rock history to ` Behind the Music ' cliches .
The heart and soul of Walk the Line lies in its powder-keg performance by Joaquin Phoenix .
Mangold 's direction is excellent , and the script - - by Mangold and Gil Davis - - captures the complex characters without relying on biopic cliché .
Walk the Line is a spirited and winning reminder of the man before he became the legend , of the giant shadow he cast , and of the remarkable woman who cast her shadow over him .
Unfortunately , the movie falls short of an `` A '' grade because director James Mangold and his co-writer Gil Dennis do n't make you understand what Carter sees in Cash .
It should be called Ring of Fire , because it tells of people united by destiny in spite of failed marriages , drug addiction and a decade of unconsummated desire .
At its most basic levels , Walk the Line does what it 's supposed to .
Walk the Line is the only movie I 've seen three times this year -- and I 'd happily watch it again and again .
Mangold cleverly frames the story with Cash 's historic 1968 concert in Folsom Prison , but he does little to illuminate its significance to the Man in Black .
The film sends you home moved and in a tuneful mood .
While Cash and Carter 's music gives the movie its undeniable soundtrack , it 's their thwarted yet constant tale of friendship and love that makes Walk the Line a big-movie pleasure .
... tremendously enjoyable , a story of genuine true-life redemption that does n't cheat its subject or its audience . In that regard , it 's not unlike the Johnny Cash we all knew .
A boot-stomping biography that 's as infectious as the tunes Cash penned over the course of a lifetime .
While the impersonations are hardly perfect , the chemistry is , and the duo impressively owns their roles without fear
Walk The Line through The Ring of Fire and Cry , Cry , Cry , Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon Give Oscar Caliber Performances .
Top-shelf , middle-brow Hollywood .
If Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon ever got bored of the Hollywood high life , they could make a killing in Vegas with their dead-on act .
Reese Witherspoon ... without trying to upstage Phoenix ... has such a dynamic onscreen presence that you almost wish the film was about her .
I. . . grovel at the feet of Joaquin Phoenix , with whom I 've always been a little in love and to whom I now must pledge myself completely .
Walk the Line is flawed , but , nevertheless , entertaining and exhilarating . It 's more than a biography , it 's a love story ... .
Walk the Line walks the line , and with frequently moving grace and balance .
.
One of the best biopics of recent years .
Cringingly , Walk the Line is as formulaic a biographical picture as can be made .
Goodwin shows us the fallout , which could and should lead to her own Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actress .
Phoenix and Witherspoon and the conviction they bring to the connection between Johnny and June makes the movie work and takes us into their burning ring of fire .
The film is visualized in such a straightforward manner that it feels as if it could have been made in 1950 . There 's not a moment of freshly imaginative or unconventional footage .
This little epic will keep your toes tapping , your eyes crying , and your heart pounding .
The movie itself is little more than a `` Phoenix delivery device ''
The movie is entertaining , reasonably true to the facts of its subject 's life and full of music .
I do n't know if non-Cash fans will be converted , but people already in his camp will find that it walks the line quite nicely .
Years from now , cinema-studies teachers will refer to Walk the Line as a textbook example of what a biopic looks like when it gets everything right .
occasionally lapses into an overly familiar rhythm of hits , heartbreaks and breakdowns . The charisma and conviction in Phoenix and Witherspoon 's performances keep the movie on track , however .
Who would n't want to see a movie about how Johnny Cash became Johnny Cash ?
Johnny Cash gets the musical biopic treatment in this moderately entertaining , never quite convincing chronicle of his early years .
In Walk the Line , Joaquin Phoenix does n't look exactly like Johnny Cash . He does n't sound exactly like Cash , either . But he is Johnny Cash .
The musical sequences are the best thing about Walk the Line , and luckily they are plentiful .
Walk the Line will send you out of the theater eager to download the entire Johnny Cash collection .
The movie is less an uncharted journey than a 2 p.m. bus tour of a music industry legend . But like an expert guide , Mangold shepherds the story with enough grace , energy and skill to make it worthwhile .
As much a love story as a loving musical tribute to the mysterious man in black ; a fine achievement in cinematic storytelling
There 's no mistaking the sound of Johnny Cash , and Walk the Line gets it just right .
Walk the Line has plenty of chemicals , but very little chemistry between its stars .
As a love story complete with beautifully heartrending moments and rollicking musical performances , Walk the Line is a lot closer to great than to mediocre .
Johnny Cash sang like he meant business ... Walk the Line , with its dead-on performances by Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon , helps you understand that quality .
True to its better-late-than-never romance , Walk the Line is a swooning musical Valentine 's Day card just in time for Thanksgiving .
In summary , it sounds like Ray revisited . But Walk the Line has its own provocative style and a group of outstanding performances .
Mangold falls prey to the old biopic formula . He stretches and dilutes the core story until it resembles less a great man 's life than a TV movie of the week .
In spite of its standard biopic gaps and simplifications , Walk the Line gets the big things right .
Walk the Line is an engaging biopic that would totally lack surprise were it not for Reese Witherspoon , and a healthy touch of ambivalence about the populist myth that bound The Man in Black to his adoring public .
You wo n't go out humming the filmmaking , but Walk the Line showcases two of this year 's most vivid screen performances .
It 's engaging , involving stuff , walking a fine line between reality and art .
The movie pays homage to musical giants by portraying them as anything but . It 's more about searching for the man in the Man in Black and the June in June Carter .
Though you 'll probably leave the theatre swinging to the music , this highly conventional movie really does n't do its subject justice .
Pardon Johnny when he utters an all-too-telling line late in the film : `` Ray is my daddy . ''
Walk the Line will no doubt appeal to Cash 's legion of fans . As for the rest of us , there 's not much here to chew on .
Walk the Line is n't a bad film , but rather a frustratingly standard one .
It 's the curious fact that for a man so revered , a movie about his life should be so unexceptional .
One of the best films of the year with its special attention to the important role that our primal emotions play in life , love , and creativity .
It 's a thrill to see that some movie stars can still do it all ... exhausting , exhilerating stuff .
Cash devotees may have a different reaction to this picture . In fact , although I liked it , my bet is that they will love it .
A big , juicy , enjoyable wide-canvas biography with a handful of indelible moments , but it 's just compelling enough to make you wish that it had attained the level of artistry of those other films .
A biography of an iconoclast whose life is an exact simulacrum of every other iconoclast 's life .
Worse than stupid , the definitive biopic of Johnny Cash does n't use his singularly unique voice , one as distinctive as Jolson 's . Despite the mediocre , truncated music , Witherspoon makes the film come alive .
It does n't leave you with much to think about , except maybe the empty vibrato of effective ventriloquism .
It 's a terrific , toe-tappin ' life-and-love story , a must-see ! Both Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon should receive Oscar nominations .
Walk the Line missteps by routinely forgoing credible biographical grittiness in favor of glossy Hollywood mythologizing .
As sure as night is dark and day is light ; Joaquin will be on voters ' minds both day and night .
Joaquin 's trademark stiff shoulders morph into those of country music legend Johnny Cash even if Cash never carried himself with such defensiveness .
This movie is a lot less interesting than it might be . Though it 's not bad -- in fact , it 's rather sweet -- it 's too simple a portrait of a very complicated and calculating entertainer .
There 's no denying the biopic cliches , but Phoenix and Witherspoon jump even those hurdles . It 's going to be hard for audiences and the Academy not to show them some love .
A definitive portrait of one of most influential figures in modern American music .
Even all the generic biopic stuff ca n't take away from the joy of watching Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon singing together .
Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon -LSB- are -RSB- almost certain to get Academy Award nominations .
You 'll clap , you 'll cheer , you 'll cry , and then you 'll run out and buy every scrap of Johnny Cash music you can find .
Although the straightforward story feels virtually the same as every other musician of the period , it comes to life in two awards-worthy performances
Reese Witherspoon is adorable throughout and there 's genuine chemistry between her and Phoenix , particularly when they 're on stage together .
Outstanding performances by Joaquin Phoenix and Reese Witherspoon help make it the strongest country-music film in years .
Walk the Line has us clapping along to Cash 's rhythms and applauding during the triumphant finale which is about two people finding the music they can make together .
James Mangold 's movie , too , has its rewards as it manages to skirt many of the usual dangers of any truthful look at a legend , especially a musical one .
Most Johnny Cash fans probably do n't care that much about how their hero ended up with June Carter . Therein resides the main problem with Walk the Line 's devotion to simple truth over cherished fable .
Walk the Line is a strongly acted , musically vibrant , conventionally satisfying biopic .
Though conventional and burdened with showbiz cliches , this is Mangold 's most commercial and enjoyable film , with good Phoenix as Cash and brilliant Witherspoon as June Carter












@highlight

Superior acting and authentic crooning capture the emotional subtleties of the legend of Johnny Cash with a freshness that is a pleasure to watch .