It 's not a crime to be silly , although the cast of The Pink Panther 2 dance perilously close to committing at the very least a misdemeanor .
Offers more of what was in the 2006 remake , which became a hit in spite of the chorus of film critics who pointed out that the movie was awful and then were roundly ignored by the public , which knows what it likes , thank you very much .
It 's unlikely that anyone over 10 will find much to cheer in this film , and adults will just be depressed by seeing a once-cutting-edge wit like Mr. Martin debasing himself .
... more of the film 's jokes fall flat than hit their mark ...
Not funny , and certainly should n't be rated a kid-friendly PG either .
I was not a fan of the first of these new Pink Panther films , but I must admit this time around Martin nails the puffed-up twittery of the character and performs the physical gags well .
It 's not only a pointless resurrection of Blake Edwards ' classic comic franchise , but a formulaic photocopy of its predecessor -- Steve Martin 's 2006 remake .
There are some beautifully constructed , elaborately inventive sequences of mayhem involving sight gags ; then there are the scenes in between , when people talk . These are mostly disappointing .
Steve Martin reprises his role as the bumbling Inspector Clouseau in this hideous sequel to a boring remake .
Nothing in this sequel of the remake makes us groan with embarrassment , as several scenes in the first one did
To sooy einai olo stimeno pano ston Steve Martin poy den dinei edo mia ap ' tis ermineies gia tis opoies tha einai gia poly perifanos , sterontas ap ' to starato boithitiko cast poy plaisionei tin omada ereyniton toy , stigmes apogeiosis
Much of the `` comedy '' in The Pink Panther 2 is a rehashing of the jokes from the first film .
Wasteful , unneeded sequel to Shawn Levy 's already unnecessary 2006 remake/series reboot .
It 's been a long time -LRB- the 1980s , maybe ? -RRB- since either Cleese or Martin was actually funny , but the director , Harald Zwart , compounds this by displaying zero sense of comedy , employing laboured visual gags and routines with no punch lines .
The producers appear to believe that farce -LRB- that most delicate of genres -RRB- is humour played with the utmost crudity .
Comedy crime caper is more miss than hit .
This revisiting of Peter Sellers ' Inspector Clouseau catapults Martin so far beyond the pale of authentic comedy that there can be no hope of return .
There is something depressingly old hat about the slapstick in The Pink Panther 2 , a movie whose target audience appears to be tiny tots and those with a high tolerance for jokes about people falling over .
Not so much bad as it is unnecessary .
Well , they got the Number 2 right .
Someone , please make it stop !
Lots of visual gags , lame slapstick humour and hopefully no more sequels .
Steve Martin is back doing the fur-nay ack-saynt -LRB- now increasingly eun-fur-nay -RRB- ; and with this film he 's very much channelling the spirit of the final Panther movies from the original series , when Peter Sellers had nothing to offer but despair .
I laughed more times than I thought I would so that is a big improvement on the previous film which almost made my toes curl . It will keep the kids quiet over half term and it wo n't be the worst film you see this year .
The most casually catastrophic addition yet to the 45-year-old franchise .
Steve Martin again steps into Peter Sellers 's long-vacated shoes and finds his feet are so small he ca n't stand up to original bungling French cop Inspector Clouseau .
Like an -LRB- even -RRB- less amusing Mr Bean , Martin now looks just that bit too old and creepy to be gurning through this predictable gamut of feeble slapstick .
A mirthless shot in the dark that misses the target by some distance .
Martin fumbles it from the off . And that , in a nutshell , is reason enough to avoid this as one might any other calamity .
Moronic , but even moronic humour can be passingly entertaining , in parts .
The entire film is a tedious string of pratfalls .
Cheap-looking , and peddling a humour that charitable folks will call broad and the rest of us will call unfunny , Pink Panther 2 may still appeal to audiences in non-English-speaking countries where physical comedy in the Mr Bean mould prospers .
2009 will struggle to produce another comedy quite as bad as The Pink Panther 2 .
The animated title sequence is fun . Besides one set-piece involving a burning restaurant , the rest of the movie is n't .
In the interests of full disclosure , the 2006 version of The Pink Panther ranks amongst my three most excruciating cinema experiences of all time . This sequel is no better .
A predictably woeful affair that achieves the not inconsiderable feat of being even more unbearable than its 2006 predecessor .
A comedy with no redeeming features that may be , in what is now a depressingly competitive field , Martin 's worst film to date .
Possibly the most excruciating comedy of the year .
Lazy , poorly written and badly directed comedy that completely wastes its talented cast and does n't have a single laugh in it .
There are a few inspired lines of dialog and a couple of moments where the slapstick actually works , but this sequel to the surprisingly not-awful remake is strictly for kids .
feel free to sing along here : `` It 's a stinker , Pink Panther , your heart 'll sinky-dink panther . And it 's as plain as your noooose ... You could n't make a weaker , truly aby-si-mal , ranker Pink Panther from heeead-to-toooooes . ''
This sequel to Martin 's dire 2006 not-a-remake requires an autopsy , not a review , to establish cause of death . To start with , Steve Martin simply does not understand Jacques Clouseau .
More of the gags work than do n't work , but there are decent stretches of the movie where not much funny is going on despite the desperate efforts to make something happen .
The Pink Panther 2 is like the meat that Jeff Goldblum sent through the teleporter in The Fly : looks familiar , tastes weird .
Not a very good film , but at least it 's a painless one . It 's not irritating -- which , believe me , is a step up .
Martin has a few inspired moments but in order to get to them you have to wade through a mosh pit of unfunny gags .
Yes I know it 's only February but I feel pretty confident in declaring this farce a solid lock for Worst Film of 2009 .
No movie is produced to lose money , but the new ` Pink Panther ' films have no apparent reason to exist except to wring more dollars from an already throttled franchise ...
Has a few chuckles that would make a younger audience laugh but to experienced movie veterans , laughs are lacking .
Well , it 's a step above the last one . I guess that 's faint praise , but it 's true .
Please do n't give Martin any more of your money .
... after a long week of financial worries , children worries , job worries , The Pink Panther 2 hits all the right notes and is an excellent 90-minute escape .
The second take featuring Steve Martin as the bumbling Inspector Clouseau occasionally -- only occasionally -- gets a clue , thanks to The Pink Panther 2 's strong cast and the intermittent cute line .
While The Pink Panther 2 certainly has moments of hilarity , they are fewer and farther between this time .
While Martin 's all purpose good cop/bad cop excels at flaunting his dark side when beating up children , burning down ritzy restaurants more than once , and ogling every woman in the vicinity , it 's a tad too polite for audiences weaned on grossout .
If you thought the first film was funny , you might get a kick out of this . If it was barely watchable to you , you 'll want to run screaming from the theater on this one .
Martin dons silly costumes and then lets them do the work for him . An emerald green toreador costume can only do so much , however , even with the tassels
It wo n't blow you away , but it 's worth a few laughs .
Clouseau 's sleuthing practices are so unbelievably absurd it 's hard not to laugh .
If The Pink Panther 2 can keep our kids laughing while giving them the same warm memories we associate with the best installments of the series , then it 's still a success no matter how well it measures up to the original .
They are joined by other typically good actors such as Jean Reno , Jeremy Irons , Lily Tomlin and Alfred Molina . Unfortunately , they 're underused .
Remember when Martin was funny ?
What is our reward for the collective effort of this prestigious assembly ? One of the most dreadfully unnecessary movies in recent memory .
The soundtrack makes generous use of trombones to indicate humor .
Kids will love it , but this ` Panther ' has drifted far from the smart farce it once was .
One can only hope that something good is coming from all the bad movies that Steve Martin has been appearing in .
Only little kids will find it somewhat amusing , but everyone else will find it to be tedious , low on laughs and ultimately forgettable .
Perhaps it 's finally time to let Clouseau retire . If the movies ca n't generate laughs , there 's really no point to them at all .
Was n't it bad enough the first time ?
There 's a difference between kid-friendly and just regular old dumb .
None of it is memorable , though the audience it 's aimed at will giggle at the adults gone goofy .
Recycling bins have fresher content than this listless exercise in check-the-boxes moviemaking .
There 's a sort of desperation at work here .
The film 's director , Harald Zwart , has little grasp of timing , which is crucial in slapstick . The result is frantic activity with few payoffs .
Here 's hoping Martin now moves on , perhaps to revive some other defunct franchise .
For all the obvious cribbing , the filmmakers still seem ill-at-ease with Clouseau 's simplistic world view and frank buffoonery .
Another Steve Martin comedy , the same old question -- what happened ?
Serves up enough goofy pranks and fractured wordplay to keep the series purring along .
Bottom line : Any laugh 's a good laugh these days .
As for Martin , he 's never been less funny than he is here .
Not content with having trashed the memory of Peter Sellers and Blake Edwards once ... Steve Martin takes up the task again , with results that are equally bad .
It 's an everything-including-the kitchen-sink comedy -- and the sink has rusty pipes .
Silly sequel elicits more eyerolling than laughs .
Hoary slapstick routines , invariably rushed , are all there is in The Pink Panther 2 .
-LSB- I -RSB- f half-hearted remakes of fondly remembered films -LRB- and their still more lifeless sequels -RRB- are one of the most acute ills currently plaguing Hollywood , -LSB- Steve -RSB- Martin is arguably the primary vector by which the malady is transmitted .
When The Pink Panther 2 repeats the `` ham-bur-gare '' gag from the first film , you know you 're in for a long 90 minutes .
It 's pretty dumb , and it 's predictable , and , a year from now , not many people will remember it .
I laughed once , at an unexpected gag , involving a ricocheting bullet , that was a nice play on an old gunfighting cliche . The rest of the film was a slow-bleeding gut shot .
Parental Content Review
For those looking for something for the kids in a Mr. Bean vein , there are worse things than Pink Panther 2 . But the overall experience remains dispiriting to those of us who remember Peter Sellers .
Much of the `` comedy '' in The Pink Panther 2 is a rehashing of the jokes from the first film .
This movie is so bad that I feel awful taking up Rotten Tomatoes ' space with this quote . I will stop now . What a waste of great talent !
Mr. Martin , it 's perfectly all right to be serious and distinguished and write plays about Picasso , Einstein and bunny rabbits . You do n't have to always be the wild and crazy guy !
It 's all about Martin 's commitment . He knows the rules , the limits and he 's an expert at performing it . Even the stunt doubles do some awesome work .
Be warned , The Pink Panther 2 will activate your gag reflex rather than tickle your funny bone .
I would not recommend this film and hope the case of Pink Panther is closed for good .
A film in which nothing particularly amusing happens unless the sight of a group of well-known performers squandering their talents in exchange for presumably hefty paychecks strikes you as the apex of contemporary comedy .
It woulda been less insulting for Martin to dig up Peter Sellars ' corpse , build a bone xylophone out of the skeletal remains , and bang out Henry Mancini 's `` Pink Panther '' theme during the Super Bowl halftime show . Opie & Anthony were right ...
The Pink Panther 2 is an improvement over The Pink Panther , but that 's kind of like saying your new boyfriend Bernie Madoff is an improvement over your last boyfriend , Jeffrey Dahmer
There is nothing remotely funny in this idiotic film . It 's not a coincidence that MGM and Columbia waited until the dead of winter to release this bomb .
I have seen taxidermy livelier than this moribund mess which further sullies the reputation of everyone associated with this unwelcome sequel .
Devoid of laughs or suspense ...
The only good side effect here is that it can remind audiences of Peter Seller 's truly inspired comic films . If you want to see a `` Pink Panther '' movie , you 've still got to watch the originals .
Pathetic ... The lack of imagination and inspiration is stunning .
Although comic mayhem follows Martin 's Clouseau everywhere , none of it is particularly funny .
Alas , the second time proves no charm for The Pink Panther 2 , Steve Martin 's latest flimsy attempt to resurrect Sellers ' bumbling Inspector Clouseau for the 21st century .
Despite all the supporting star power , it 's Martin 's physical comedy that makes the movie .
Plays like a series of disconnected , hit-or-miss skits in a cut-rate Saturday Night Live .
The Pink Panther 2 plays like an undeserved victory lap for a series that only limped to the finish line the last time .
At no point in Pink Panther 2 does credible screenwriting or apparent direction allow for the sensation of spontaneity .
In The Pink Panther 2 the cast sprints way , way out ahead of the material , and miles ahead of the director , Harald Zwart .
Martin 's first Pink Panther actually tickled me . Sadly , this time , flat gags & off-color innuendoes double in quantity , while sincerely funny bits wane to a mere handful .
A work of slapsticky , accent-y gar-bage , The Pink Panther 2 is so brainlessly uninventive that it actually seems determined to sully the legacy of Blake Edwards and Peter Sellers 's original series .
Desperate and dreary , The Pink Panther 2 is an empty-souled star vehicle that has n't a clue what actual wit and comic timing entail .
Even when Martin plays the fool , he commands respect ; damned if he is n't committed to his dense detectivery , sneering French accent , and prim four-button suit jacket
Successor to the 2006 revival of the farcical franchise has inspired individual scenes , but a once-sublime subversion of French policiers has devolved into kiddie movies with all the cosmopolitan cachét of Garfield : A Tail of Two Kitties .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- admittedly funnier than the 2006 original . But that movie was so dispiritingly , soul-suckingly bad , there was nowhere left to go but up .
Costars John Cleese , Jean Reno , Alfred Molina , Andy Garcia , and Jeremy Irons look either bored or desperate , gasping for laughs in an airless screenplay .
Sporadic laughs ca n't keep ze cat out of ze doghouse .
The actors are let down by the screenplay and direction , which do n't really pop the supporting characters out into strong comic focus .
Flat , trashy and unfunny , this one-weekend-movie wastes the talents of many good actors , and the onscreen reunion of Martin and Lily Tomlin is just a sad reminder of better , happier comedies .
Until that storied team comes together , the film is a dreary checklist of pratfalls , wan double entendres , and frantic , unfunny set pieces .
It 's just depressing to find the picture unwilling to deviate from the broad comedy spectrum , preferring the warm comfort of mediocrity and halfhearted response over a steamrolling comedic contraption that would genuinely surprise .
There are chuckles , maybe even a belly laugh or two if you 're in a charitable mood . But the movie 's mostly a waste of time and talent .
... somewhat less of a desecration of the memory of Peter Sellers than Martin 's first outing as the bumbling French detective .
The Pink Panther 2 provides genial chuckles , but it 's never excitingly rude .
Martin is such a likable personality it 's tempting to say he makes the movie worthwhile . Sorry , that 's too tall an order for anyone .
Vapid , low-grade slapstick , hopelessly dull yet innocuous , designed more for marketability than entertainment .
I 'd still rather watch the one with Roberto Benigni as Clouseau 's son than endure another go-round with Steve Martin lazily hamming it up .
A hit-and-miss family entertainment which relies heavily on the audience 's affection for the bumbling policeman to make up for a paper-thin storyline and a drab visual palette .
Apparently Martin and Zwart really did want to make a movie this aimless and derivative , aware that their target audience of children wo n't know what they 're missing .



@highlight

Underutilizing its talented cast , The Pink Panther 2 is little more than a series of lame slapstick gags .