`` All Is Bright '' is reminiscent of those utterly forgettable Canadian movies bankrolled on the government dime in the name of cultural preservation .
Phil Morrison 's direction and choices are n't as bold or as inventive as his styles in Junebug . The story does n't lend itself to those traits that made him a quiet sensation in the mid-2000s .
An amoral dark comedy set during the Christmas season .
Morrison films this redemptive story - which has some hard-to-swallow moments - with a dusty gray palette that suits its characters and masquerades the story 's more obvious sentimentality .
`` All is Bright is nothing more than empty threats and bottomless desires haphazardly thrown together around a more interesting event that you never get to see .
Overall , it 's truly as exciting as you 'd think watching two people sell Christmas trees would be , even if those two people are Paul Giamatti and Paul Rudd .
This is of the `` nice '' variety of movies and makes for an off beat Christmas flick .
a dark comedy that 's not often funny , but this quirky character piece has real heart .
There 's the backbone of a better film here , it just needs some ornaments .
a relatively lackluster dark comedy that is elevated several notches by Giamatti 's cantankerous presence
The entire enterprise feels as phony as a fake Yule tree
You might think you can see where Almost Christmas is heading but it never quite loses its acerbic edge or goes emotionally blooey .
This engaging if somewhat underwhelming tale of unlikely redemption builds a funny-sad web of intersecting interactions around its strong central perfs .
The film is happy to observe wryly as boredom and failure threaten to overwhelm the men .
All is Bright is unsugary , a small out-of-season miracle .
For people who like their Christmas movies set under slate-grey skies .
It 's certainly missing some holiday cheer .
The film has an accomplished mood of cantankerous despair , but it 's still little more than downbeat fluff .
I wish I could give four stars to Giamatti 's big , sad eyes and outrageous Civil War beard .
Oddly touching Christmas tale about ex-con , jilted love .
The story is low-key and quiet , performed by big-time actors acting for the sake of their craft , not a major paycheck or a higher profile .
All Is Bright proves that two Pauls are better than one , as Giamatti and Rudd turn a holiday story with little cheer into a buddy dramedy with an entertaining Canadian twist .
Worth enduring only for a rare lead performance by Paul Giamatti , whose expert delineation of rage and frustration lends form to Morrison 's otherwise shapeless script .
`` All Is Bright '' is n't - and was never meant to be - a major cinematic gift to audiences . But as a little stocking stuffer , and nostalgic recollection of how movies used to be , it often has its own small and quite welcome delights .
In its own strange way , `` All Is Bright '' pulls you in even as it frustrates .
With its affection for downscale characters who dart in and out of the men 's lives , `` All Is Bright '' has an openheartedness reminiscent of a Preston Sturges film .
This strangely dark comedy is a wistful , joyless , forgettable interlude .
It 's difficult to be a Grinch about such a harmless endeavor , yet without a pulse , the movie ca n't offer a beating heart .
Giamatti merely offers another variation on the irascible persona he 's been cultivating since Sideways , while Rudd is ultimately defeated by his character 's shapelessness .
-LSB- Its -RSB- flaws pretty much disappear against the powerful and pervasive mood of working-class sadness , and the sense that the holiday season for grown-ups is almost always about loss and sacrifice .
Does anybody connected with this cinematic Valium know what they 're supposed to be doing ? The alleged `` comedy '' is too lame to make you laugh , and the poignancy is nonexistent .
Has it 's moments , and Giamatti & Rudd are always worth watching . Overall though , it 's uneven and draggy .
A small but thoroughly engaging dramatic comedy ... Paul Giamatti is one of our great screen actors , a poet of frustration and regret with a wide range .
The cinematic equivalent of a half-baked fruitcake .
A holiday tale that sabotages its seriousness with humor that 's both dire and out of place .
You laugh neither with nor at these people -- you just hang on and hope their depression does n't bring you down with them .
A film that veers between caustic comedy , melodrama , and heartstring-tugging , without finding the spark of sympathy that would hold the film together .
Like the advent calendar Rene gives to Michi to count down the days to Christmas , the film holds a surprising number of sweet treats , despite its austere veneer .
The film remains engaging , for the most part , but most of the big narrative turns feel both predictable and forced , and at odds with the natural charms of the cast .
I almost recommend seeing `` Almost Christmas . ''
Impassively paced , lacking a forward narrative engine and nowhere near as fun or comical as it should be , the picture even lacks dynamic chemistry between the otherwise usually effervescent Paul Rudd and Paul Giamatti .

@highlight

Well-acted but uneven , All Is Bright strands a pair of strong performances from Paul Giamatti and Paul Rudd in a meandering script .