A bloated 86 minutes of overzealous spookiness .
A thinly plotted clothesline of shock effects .
full review in Greek
This film does cause shivers , creeps , scares , and jumps .
Few films benefited that much from being so short .
For a good , healthy PG-13 scare , Boogeyman is fun for the whole family -- just do n't bring kids who are too young .
So boring , derivative and patently inane that hate is entirely too strong an emotion to attribute to it . You 're either in the target demographic or you 're not .
Teenagers will probably have a blast with the cheap scares and simplistic story , but for horror veterans or those looking for something new , this is not the film to see .
Director Kay provides the trappings , but if you want horror , you 'll need to bring your own .
Boogeyman is that bull 's eye example which begins its immediate downfall once Barry Watson of `` 7th Heaven '' misfortune appears on screen .
Fright fans expecting anything more than the occasional jolt will be sorely disappointed .
I spent most of the movie struggling not to throw something at the screen or disrupt the other patrons by screaming in frustration .
O título brasileiro desta produção -LRB- O Pesadelo -RRB- sintetiza perfeitamente o que significa a experiência de ser obrigado a assisti-la .
It opens with one of the most effective scare sequences in recent memory , one that recalls us to the fears of childhood and sets the tone for the rest of the picture .
A bland affair with none of the imagination that distinguishes the best horror movies .
Confusing , badly written , poorly acted horror film that trots out a few clichés and eventually throws some semi-decent effects at them , in the mistaken belief that the audience wo n't be bored to tears .
There is not a scare to be found .
A humourless trudge through haunted house cliches , it 's unlikely to scare anyone old enough to get past the box office .
It uses every canted angle and cartoonish zoom from Sam Raimi 's Evil Dead handbook , but the comatose screenplay just makes the stylish gymnastics look desperate .
There is nothing going on during these 86 minutes except a studio gunning for quick kill at the opening weekend box office .
winningly combines the creaking ambiguities and psychological chills of They with terrain more familiar from a haunted house movie .
A vaporous and vacuous horror film .
One could look at this as an exercise in building dread , but the only problem is there 's no sense of dread accompanying it .
Every jolt in this film involves crash editing and deafening noises , while nothing is made of the premise or the characters .
The problem is that Watson 's performance is never interesting . It often seems as if he 's not yet had his morning cup of coffee .
None of this makes any sense whatsoever .
Even the should-have-been-triumphant revelation of the Boogeyman arrives as a CGI letdown of epic proportions .
Boogeyman is just a hyperactive horror flick aimed at teens , with a built-in propensity for lightning-quick edits , piercing sound effects , and a whole lotta s -- gettin ' tossed around .
The movie 's worth a look for cheap thrills , but it 's no classic .
The only thing scary about Boogeyman is the sheer ineptitude of the ` filmmaking ' on display .
Compared to recent movies like Alone in the Dark , Hide and Seek , White Noise and The Grudge , this film is freakin ' Gone With the Wind .
Boogeyman , shot in Auckland , lives and induces giggles instead of fear in yuckland .
Find two friends and laugh your way out of the local movie theater .
A welcome throwback to the glory days of scary movies .
This is strictly substandard stuff , with imitative creepy noises , vertiginous camera angles , and long pauses during which Tim considers whether to open doors .
the entire cast seems to be on autopilot , and the behind-the-camera crew does n't try any harder .
Spends the majority of its running time jerking the audience 's chain before coming to an abrupt ending .
It suffers from a lack of genuine chills or suspense .
A thriller that is so generic it can only be dispensed if your doctor checked the ` generic OK ' box on the prescription .
It 's difficult to remember a recent movie with less regard for spatial or temporal coherence .
It brings to the big screen that corner of the talent pool where ` who 's your agent ? ' means ` where will you be patrolling Sunset in your ` actor for hire ' sandwich-board ? '
Watson goes from `` 7th Heaven '' to `` two hour hell '' in this scary but senseless movie
Boogeyman manages to make you do what films like Jeepers Creepers and Darkness Falls would n't let you do : believe .
Will 2005 be remembered as the Year of the Awful Horror Movies ?
Ca n't even give in to the spooky delight of its rich clichés like hundreds of other trashy-derivative horror thrill rides ...
The perfect specimen of style over substance .
Some fascinatingly original twists that play with time and space keep the tension ratcheting up till the ending .
In the end , even the most expert scary-button-pushing ca n't save a movie this empty of ideas .
Basically . it 's 86 minutes of one man having a staring contest with a door .
Unoriginal and lame .
Only glimpses of the monster are seen in Stephen Kay 's supernatural thriller . Unfortunately , the same is true of the movie 's plot and character .
Because the movie never establishes its internal logic , the action can seem arbitrary and random .
It 's coherent , consistent and should prove popular with the kids its intended for .
It 's awful , but even worse it 's a waste , because for a while there Boogeyman was getting under my skin . Granted , by the time the end credits started to roll it still was . Luckily , a little lotion and that pesky irritation should go away nicely .
so beneath this venerable creature
... expose the skeletons in Boogeyman 's closet-you will certainly come across the bare bones because there 's no real meat to this thrill-seeking thud
Is it over ? Watson is asked . Yeah , it 's over , he says , possibly aware that he 's commenting on his acting career .
boogey oogey awful
When did young girls rollerblading backward become the universal symbol for spooky ?
Frankly , watching dark closets for 90 minutes may not have been the best idea for a film . Watson unfortunately does n't have the screen presence to carry it off .
Once Emily Deschanel , older sister of Elf 's Zooey , steps on screen to provide Tim with a formidable female co-star , the film finds its rhythm .
Instead of heightening one 's fear of closets , it simply creates an overwhelming urge to head straight for the nearest theater door .
A generic spook-fest on par with its generic title .
There is little time spent on plot and character and way more emphasis on jarring sound effects and fast-paced camera trickery .
Boogeyman represents flat-out suckage . It is a haphazard assemblage of horror clichés , punctuated by the occasional so-loud-it-makes-you-jump noise on the soundtrack .
If you ca n't spell ` bogeyman , ' you should n't make movies about him .
It squanders a promising plot about child abduction , preferring to go the literal route of chasing a spectral troublemaker with a bad case of claustrophobia .
Yeah , it 's dumb , and it takes a long time to get to scenes that amount to anything other than cheap scares . But Boogeyman is not entirely artless .
If Boogeyman signals more films like this to follow , there are far worse nightmares out there to come than whatever is lurking in your closet .
The not-too-frightening , plodding Boogeyman proves that major Hollywood studios like to dump all their stinkers at the beginning of the year .
Makes you yearn for the days when they got a few things down on paper before they started shooting a movie .
Bereft of even the slightest hint of style , creativity or originality , Boogeyman is endlessly boring , blatantly nonsensical and , frankly , absolutely worthless .
They did n't even rip off the classics , for crying out loud !
The celluloid equivalent of Jokey Smurf .
With all the movies out there , this is the last one you should pick .
They do a competent job of creating a spooky mood , unfortunately other than ambiance this film has nothing . The script is as empty as the closet .
The tooth fairy in a tutu is scarier than the ill-conceived Boogeyman .
A chill-free , suspense-deficient thriller that is not only an enormous waste of time and film stock , but also insanely empty and heavy-handed .
Edited too spastically to be of any use ... a slow-leaking tire which goes flat before we reach a destination .
Director Stephen Kaye does a good job creating a spooky atmosphere but the script is short on dialogue , while running out of steam towards the end .
An incoherent grab-bag of disconnected shock effects -- stylishly mounted but ultimately empty and pointless .
If you 're 12 years old , or if you scare easily , Boogeyman is not a bad way to spend an hour and a half .








@highlight

The plot is been-there done-that generic , and none of the shock effects can do anything to build up suspense .