As provocative as it is defiantly stylised -LRB- no music score , dialogue is both spare and unsparing -RRB- , this is not your typical costume drama in any shape or form .
But the film escapes the mere denunciation of patriarchy and is transformed into a tragedy that honors its Shakespearian roots . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The solid performances and the perturbing lack of sound manage to elevate the film . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Certainly an interesting option if you 're into so-called art cinema . Give it a try . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is an oppressive and suffocating atmosphere for women , created with sober , star scenes , allowing director William Oldroyd to make an accurate portait of Katherin 's psychological evolution without justifying or judging her . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... Lady Macbeth 's minimal point of view is magnified and serves as a framework for a canvas that depicts impulses and passions ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Excellent and complex British film in which revenge and passion emanate from the same source . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... a character study of a ruthless and wily soul .
Owing more to Brontë and Highsmith than to Shakespeare , this grim moor noir presents its catalog of parricide , mariticide and equine-cide as the consequences of a class and caste system that dehumanizes even those who materially benefit from its design .
-LSB- Lady Macbeth -RSB- is modern at the same time in the way it addresses femininity - more importantly , the power women have no matter how they 're viewed by society or expected to behave by their male counterparts .
Lady MacBeth is a costume drama that moves with the anxiety-inducing momentum of a thriller .
The film begins as a domestic melodrama - the pretty bird trapped in a dark cage - and transforms into an ice-cold femme fatale noir ...
... opera and theater director William Oldroy 's first film can not only appear with dignity on any best of the year list , but it is also a perverse accompaniment / contrast piece to the first film Jordan Peele directed -LSB- Get Out -RSB- . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lady Macbeth translates Russian history into the muddy English countryside ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
In Lady Macbeth , elements of both sexism and feminism are at play in the British drama .
Director William Oldroyd 's adaptation is an oxymoron of sorts , burning with rage and desire , yet so bone-chilling it gives frostbite .
For all the murder and mayhem that ultimately ensue , Lady Macbeth is a quiet , measured film .
The story of female oppression from William Oldroyd ... walks a careful line as the beauty who had been kept cooped up by her husband begins to show her strength .
It 's a tough old watch with performances that are good rather than great and with what , at first , appears to be fashionable ethnically blind casting eventually giving way to racist undercurrents that stir the already murky moral waters .
Director William Oldroyd has breathed some fresh air to the staid old period drama , comfortably ratcheting mood and tension without any musical score .
Utterly gripping .
-LSB- Florence Pugh -RSB- delivers one of the truly mesmerising and memorable performances of the year as the compelling , conniving and at times chilling Katherine .
... Lady Macbeth , under its Victorian petticoats , cuts savagely close to the bone .
Like a Charlotte Bronte adaptation directed by Nicolas Winding Refn . Utterly brilliant .
This is not a movie to take to your heart , but as a psychological character study , it 's both grueling and profound .
To say that the film left me cold is n't a criticism , as that 's clearly the intent . And Florence Pugh , who was only 20 when the film was shot , holds your attention as firmly as all the great women of film noir were able to .
-LSB- William -RSB- Oldroyd asks a lot of the relatively inexperienced -LSB- Florence -RSB- Pugh , and she nails it , a box of steely reserve constantly threatened with toppling .
Unusual , uncomfortable , austere , and tragic , this drama film will likely give you the bitterest taste you 've had this year in the movie theaters .
Some have called this a nice change from the suffering female victim , but the other side of the coin shows a sociopath at work , not a great recommendation though Florence Pugh delivers a flawless , strong performance .
Lady Macbeth pokes at the romanticized perspective of Victorian-set films , becoming more akin to a macabre neo-noir .
... about as dark as films get .
The cinematography rivets our attention with every frame , not just in the shocking murder scenes but also in the details .
Lady Macbeth is an odd jumble of Gothic romance conventions , a storyline transplanted from a bleak Russian novella , and an attempt to address racial inequity that 's too shallow to go beyond tokenism .
Lady Macbeth 's positive attributes are ultimately cancelled out by a middle that just does n't , for the most part , work at all .
This startling debut feature by British director William Oldroyd is a beautiful examination of passion , cruelty , manipulation , and downright nastiness .
-LSB- Florence -RSB- Pugh is mesmerizing .
The result is cold and unconvincing , by turns dull and repellent .
Another delicious repressed femme fatale . Erotically exploits the young woman archetype who only wants to satisfy her desires - the hell with the consequences .
Dark , difficult and morally slippy , Lady Macbeth looks a little like Downton Abbey but plays more like Double Indemnity .
What 's ironic is that this darkest of tales is told in a uniquely beautiful manner .
Like Downton Abbey , except more violent and totally deranged , featuring a star-making performance by Florence Pugh
It 's certainly `` mean , mean , mean , '' as little kids might say , but its brief running time and that wicked performance from Florence Pugh make it mostly delectable , too .
-LSB- Florence Pugh -RSB- makes Katherine a fascinating , unsettling character and gives Lady Macbeth an edge that will leave audiences breathless .
Lady Macbeth -- an adaptation of a novella written by Nikolai Leskov -- offers lots of juicy , unexpected twists as Katherine 's mental state spirals downward .
Oldroyd 's direction and Pugh 's performance encourage the ambiguity , even as Katherine remains fierce and mesmerizing .
The film industry better be warned : Hell hath no fury like Florence Pugh .
Masterfully engrosses and disturbs in equal measure in its portrayal of a soul destroyed during the pursuit of freedom .
A cross between a Jane Austen period piece and a Quentin Tarantino drama , Lady Macbeth is decidedly different .
It 's not my cup of bile .
Katherine is played by Florence Pugh , another almost-newcomer , with a few slight credits to her name . But you 'll be seeing more of her , no doubt , such a force is she in Lady Macbeth .
Lady Macbeth strikes hard and digs deep .
Oldroyd deserves praise for some ingenious sailing with the prevailing winds . The British describe Jane Austen-mania as `` Bonnet tradition films . '' At a quick glance Lady Macbeth looks like such a film , but it 's colder , trickier and bloodier .
If it sounds a little like a film noir transplanted to an English country house - Double Indemnity with whalebone corsets - that 's not far off .
The brazenness of her actions and opacity of her emotions suggest a tragic heroine in the grand tradition ... but the film lacks the propulsive drive to make her fate moving .
Pugh is a wrecking crew , communicating pure malevolence with a simple glance , but always keeping her composure . She may be evil , but she 's first and foremost a lady .
It is a completely original adaptation of Leskov set in England -- never predictable in any way and , in its final inevitable scene , icily brilliant .
Director William Oldroyd delivers a taut and well-paced period drama elevated by Pugh 's riveting performance .
Each scene is shot with intensity and precision by cinematographer Ari Wegner , and the dynamic editing helps to build tension in this dank environment .
A fascinating portrait of empowerment gone awry .
There 's an intriguing story to be told here , but there 's a better way to tell it . To borrow from the Bard , the spots in Lady Macbeth simply wo n't wash away .
It is to die for .
Attention to behavioral detail is extraordinary , led by a thunderous performance from Florence Pugh , who makes a mighty leap to industry visibility with her brave , dark , and thrillingly commanding work .
Lady Macbeth is an acquired taste , but once you get it there 's no denying you want more .
A leak and brutally excellent new film -- echoing similar lessons from the equally savage , but less complex period piece The Beguiled .
Despite director William Oldroyd 's vengeful flair and admirable exploration of the tale 's racial fissures , Lady Macbeth is memorable mainly for attempting to drown its audience in misery .
It 's impossible to root for Katherine . She fights back , for sure , but then she behaves more appallingly than her oppressors .
Pugh , a young newcomer with just a tiny handful of film credits , gives a performance of rare ferocity .
Much of the credit goes to Pugh , who 's an obvious talent , with the kind of readable and expressive face the camera adores .
If you do find yourself watching it for whatever reason , -LSB- Pugh 's performance -RSB- is good enough to make you think , at least for a while , that the film as a whole , is better than it actually is .
It is so calculated that you can see every shock from 3 miles out , and if it were n't for cold cruelty , Lady Macbeth would have no life at all .
Pugh is terrifically fearless here ; it will likely be her breakout role .
It 's smart about evil , especially about the way it tends to radiate .
A corrosive , intelligent costume drama from first-time director William Oldroyd .
... well done with some fine twists ... could even be considered as a unique film noir , because it has most of the characteristics .
Oldroyd never allows us to look away from the horror , focusing , in long , intense shots , on the faces of his characters as they suffer .
Throughout `` Lady Macbeth '' we see Pugh 's eyes , full of possibility and optimism at the outset , gradually darken . Even her breathing changes . It 's a wonderful performance in a very fine film .
There 's a twisted sense of logic to it , and that makes this story ... engaging -- even as the story follows that cruel logic to its inevitable result .
The endless scenes of women being barked at , beaten , and dehumanized make this an unlikely date movie , but they lay the ground for a mighty revenge that earns the heroine her Shakespearean nickname .
Oldroyd 's approach to `` Lady Macbeth '' guarantees some longueurs as the film wears on . But the clarity with which Pugh and Oldroyd communicate Katherine 's thoughts and motives maintains a sold interest throughout .
Pugh and the film around her hold an audience transfixed and conflicted to the end .
A bold , unsettling transposition of Leskov 's grim take on a Shakespearean motif-a promising debut for its director and a stunning breakthrough for its star .
Shot with unsparing coldness , `` Lady Macbeth '' is a disturbing character study and dark moral meditation . And like the blood on its namesake 's hands , it 's not easily washed out .
Disturbing as it may be to audiences accustomed to genteel costumed dramas , Pugh 's play-acting is an achievement to remember . And this Lady Macbeth , a nasty little piece of work , is a must-see .
The leads are n't dazzling , but the story is cruelly efficient and chilling
Pugh 's and Ackie 's performances here are electric and expressive , the former portraying ultimate power , the latter ultimate fear .
Few movies this year will be more likely to molest your sleep .
It is deeply disturbing and brilliantly acted . Not for the faint of heart -- it 's a killer !
Unleashes a brilliant young actress to the world of cinema .
... an uneven exploration of gender politics and socioeconomic class , but Pugh is a powerhouse .
One of the best , and most surprising , films of the year .
You ca n't stop watching its beauty , even as you long to look away from its cruelty .
Scene for increasingly horrifying scene , Lady Macbeth is about the making of a psychopath for whom bullying and betrayal have become learned behavior .
Katherine Lester is a complex character , something of a cross between `` Leave Her to Heaven 's '' Gene Tierney and `` Wuthering Height 's '' Catherine ... Florence Pugh is mesmerizing as the defiant young woman who uses her wiles to get what she wants .
As a reflection of the sick past in the cruel present , it glowers warningly -- an instant classic .
The utter lack of tragic affect in its ostensibly disturbing final shot of Katherine sitting on a couch with an unrepentantly blank expression on her face exposes Lady Macbeth for the emptily portentous fraud it is .
Katherine grows less plausible , and her motivations seem murkier as her cruelty escalates . She stars out as an avenging angel and then devolves into almost campy serial-killer criminality , the mixed tones leaving us insufficiently moved .
Mr. Oldroyd boxes Katherine in his attractive visuals , imprisoning her as her male relatives do . Yet his intellectual distance also turns her into a specimen , a pinned butterfly turned taxidermy beast .
Those expecting another date with Banquo , Macduff , and the gang are sure to be disappointed .
Focused , precise and pitiless , just like its hero .
The strength of the performances and the audacity of the subject matter are enough to keep Lady Macbeth riveting , with increasingly claustrophobic mise en scène and a breathlessly still soundtrack ...
Exact and exacting , made with formidable skill and unwavering focus , `` Lady Macbeth '' is a film that demands to be admired and cares little if you actually like it .
Newcomer Florence Pugh , in a performance that will soon be legendary , dives deep into this terrifically twisted , erotic thriller and makes it matter .
I 'm not sure if I actually like this film but that just means it 's filling its purpose .
Lady Macbeth is a riveting 19th Century bodice-ripper that also manages to canvas issues of power , class , race and gender politics without labouring any of the aforementioned points .
It eats into the mind with its vision of evil as a contagion that transforms victims into oppressors .
A haunting , angry vision of feminine rebellion .
Questions of her methods surely arise as the body count piles up . But as in a slave rebellion , her righteousness is never in doubt . Team Katherine forever .
-LSB- A -RSB- striking directorial debut .
Katherine feels disorientingly more modern than anyone around her , and the cold-blooded finale feels less like a true reckoning with moral character than the filmmakers seem to intend .
There is an emptiness to Lady Macbeth , part of it on purpose and part of it not .
Vengeance is served by a woman wronged .
At the center of this tranquil nightmare stands Pugh , whose central performance is a thing of beautiful monstrousness .
A stunning character study , an unnerving portrait of the female experience in the 19th century , and a tense psychodrama .
Richly atmospheric and sometimes discomfittingly dark .
Despite a questionable revision of the Leskov novella upon which the film is based , a most compelling work that prioritizes mis-en-scene over dialog .
Lady Macbeth will not end up being seen by many - a period film based on a Russian novel based on Shakespeare is n't a box office draw - which is a shame because it 's just such a hauntingly confronting film .
Every stitch of every bloomer and ruff feels authentic but the energy feels current , even though the cinematography and editing is formal and precise . Crisp , thrilling , sometimes very funny , and sharp as milk thistle .
It 's a very grown-up film .
Florence Pugh 's performance and the film 's unexpected approach to freewill and combating repression should suffice for an audience wanting their period dramas to be tougher and grittier than they expected .
Theatre director William Oldroyd distinguishes himself with this feature debut , demonstrating a strong cinematic instinct , letting images work ; they speak volumes .
Shocking , powerful , raw ... this is a film you will not forget .
Lady Macbeth was clearly made on a very modest budget , but that very fact enhances its coldly beautiful austerity . It does n't need all the trappings of the usual romantic melodrama set in this period of history . It 's a fine piece of work .
Bathed though it is in rough behavior and raw sexuality , Lady Macbeth maintains a minimalist discipline that chills the bone even while the action onscreen boils the blood .
... the whole adds up to rather less than the sum of its parts .
A film of genuine force , it strikes you in the gut with a clenched fist , simultaneously seduced by its beauty while recoiling at the moral abyss .
Insinuating and bold , the film quickly worms its way under the skin , unnerving us to the core with its shocking story , clever camerawork and razor-sharp acting .
Lady Macbeth is a deftly assured cinematic debut from theatre director William Oldroyd : a film of unnerving , accumulating tension , punctuated by moments of violence that leave you reeling .
There are lots of moral issues raised : control vs freedom , freedom vs power , the crossing of moral boundaries and the notion that lust in women is akin to evil . I really liked it .
Sometimes a glorious film appears like a cold dart out of an open sky .
Directed with spare intensity by William Oldroyd , it 's a picture as icily controlled as its heroine is wild and unpredictable .
This may be a low-budget affair -LRB- reportedly less than 500,000 -RRB- , but it 's as richly textured as any more expensive period piece .
If there 's a chillier Lady Macbeth than Florence Pugh 's callous , scheming madam then we 'll pass on the resultant heating bill .
Pugh is outstandingly good as the spirited but ruthless young bride , who starts out as a seething victim before seizing control of her life in spectacular fashion .
Pugh , aged 19 during Lady Macbeth 's shoot , powerfully conjures a woman who , having escaped her trap , pulses with heedless , consuming sex and violence , and underlying , unrelenting desperation .
An astonishing tale of privilege and power : stark , searing , and brutal , almost a Victorian companion to Get Out . Florence Pugh is a force of nature .
Dark and disturbing , it 's a tale that benefits from the simplicity of its telling and the frigid economy of the narrative .
There 's enough intrigue , tragedy , vaulting ambition and murderous intent to justify the implications of the title - and breakout star Florence Pugh really is transfixing in the lead .
Lady Macbeth is daring cinema that will chill you to the bone and leave you rooting for its understandably immoral heroine .
What a stunningly accomplished debut feature this is by William Oldroyd , with a remarkably compelling lead performance from Florence Pugh as a young Victorian woman trapped in a dreary and desperately unhappy arranged marriage .
An impressive film debut from theatre director William Oldroyd with a chilling performance from Pugh .
A British , period-set chamber thriller with a star-making turn on one side of the camera , and one hell of a directing debut on the other .
Pugh is superb in the role : a powerful potion of rebellion , determination and lust .
This circumvents all our expectations , plays like a thriller , ditches bonnets for more murderous pursuits , and is plain terrific .
The film is a bleak offering ... that begins dark and continues to get darker . As a result , it might not play to all tastes . But it remains a fiercely compelling and often shocking piece of work that lingers , if not haunts , for some time afterwards .
This is a delightfully seditious film that hands patriarchy a right good kicking , and deservedly so .
It could well open up a dark new avenue in the bonnets-and-bows world of classic literary adaptation .
Exploring complex themes of oppression , morality and sexuality , this gripping costume drama has provocative modern day resonance .
A deeply modern thriller borne from the 19th century , one whose traces of Hitchcock , Hardy and Haneke never obscure its huge originality .
Lady Macbeth outclasses many of its peers in British period cinema , not because of its bold use of sex and violence , but because of its dramatic intelligence and its skill at filleting contemporary relevance from a classic literary source .
William Oldroyd 's riveting debut feature Lady Macbeth plays like a cross between Wuthering Heights and The Postman Always Rings Twice .
Madame Bovary meets Thérèse Raquin with a splash of Lady Chatterley in a pared-down drama that packs a real punch .
This brilliantly feminist British indie film plunges a cold , sharp knife into the back of bonnet dramas .
The performance from Pugh allows for this to remain an absorbing endeavour , and she 's been gifted with a multi-faceted character to get her teeth into , so nuanced and intriguing .
This intelligently scripted and imposingly played costume noir revisits the conventions of Victorian melodrama to comment on modern attitudes to oppression , prejudice and morality .
The actors are good enough to convince even when the plot does n't . A larger problem is that Lady Macbeth grows less psychologically plausible the higher the body count rises .
Pugh is remarkable , exuding sensuality , determination and venom .
A film that reconstructs an oppressive environment to break down its stiffness with increasingly refreshing spontaneity . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lady Macbeth eventually turns into a meaningless , mean-spirited , and proudly irredeemable non-character study .
A fine showcase for the hypnotising Florence Pugh to veer from endearing puckishness to dangerously disturbed .
The remarkable thing about Lady Macbeth ... is that it refuses to allow the audience to have the emotional reactions we want to have .
William Oldroyd directs a sexy , riveting thriller with audacity and a sure hand .
Lady Macbeth begins as a biting tale of female empowerment but slowly reveals itself to be something much crueler . Period pieces rarely feel this contemporary .
Screenwriter Alice Birch has cannily relocated the story from Russia to 19th-century Somerset , where the idyllic rural setting soon becomes more stifling than relaxing .
`` Lady Macbeth '' reveals the essence of its plot in the title , but the dark twists of the thrilling narrative still manage to surprise .
A quietly and compulsively watchable debut that 's sure to send shivers down your spine .
Just when you think you know this story , Oldroyd and Birch begin to show you that you do n't .
Despite William Oldroyd 's formidable direction , his perspective on the material , as well as his point of empathy , wavers .
Oldroyd 's film ... provides a darkly humorous investigation into the Lady Macbeth archetype , though ultimately fails to sustain the initial nuance of its premise .
A story about a woman like Cinderella that turns into something very close to Cersei Lannister after 90 minutes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is an auspicious and striking debut film that spells the start of a genuinely talented filmmaker .
Florence Pugh announces herself as a major talent to watch in William Oldroyd 's impressively tough-minded Victorian tragedy .
Lady Macbeth mostly operates within established period conventions , but draws fresh blood from antique material thanks to a sparky cast , subtle nods to contemporary race and gender issues , and a hefty shot of gothic melodrama .
A powerfully austere nineteenth-century drama , and an uncompromising attempt to make that rare thing , a genuine British art film .

@highlight

Lady Macbeth flashes some surprising toughness beneath its period exterior , bolstered by a mesmerizing -- and unforgiving -- central performance by Florence Pugh .