James White will break you , leaving you sobbing your eyes out
Humble and unpretentious , James White is a frank portrayal of a young man -LRB- Christopher Abbott -RRB- who , shortly after his estranged father dies , learns that his mother 's -LRB- Cynthia Nixon -RRB- cancer has returned with a vengeance .
Josh Mond 's movie is an unwavering gaze into an abyss , provided by absolutely stirring performances from his lead performers .
One of the year 's most unfairly invisible successes .
A film that criticizes society and the way it focuses on vanity and other superfluous things . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Josh Mond 's film feels like a careful curation of western cinephilia 's most overdone narrative arcs and exhausted character clichés .
One will never wish to go through precisely what White does , but losing one 's parents is inevitable , and the film is a searingly authentic portrait of the process .
It 's not easy viewing by any means . But it is strangely refreshing for a movie to show us that terminal illness involves agony and vomit and terror , despite what Beaches might have told us .
This courageous film gets right up in the face of suffering and it does n't flinch .
A low-key but devastating drama with more raw authenticity than a hundred examples of Sundance landfill .
Death does not become him
The movie ... is so engaging there are times when it becomes almost overwhelming . But that is a glowing sign of how well the movie is acted and put together .
`` James White '' can be a chore to sit through , but it 's never completely without merit .
Whether you want to spend time with `` James White '' depends on your tolerance for yet another film about how hard it is for guys who just feel too much .
Most films dealing with illness and carer relationships follow the same emotional paths and miss the same points . This film , by contrast , feels fresh and real even to those of us who have been there .
Abbott 's performance is serious and committed ; James White is constantly fuming in an interior dispute with the rest of the world .
The experience of watching `` James White '' is like being shut up in a small , dark , airless room ... a sickroom .
Veteran producer Josh Mond makes his feature-directing debut here . It elides as much as it shows , but his sketches are mostly deft and always deeply physical .
It 's Abbott who 's the revelation , showing off all sorts of previously unseen leading-man potential .
The acting is good in this film , but watching it is like a depressing , exhausting journey to nowhere .
Wisely , James White leaves the unresolved troubles and feelings of its eponymous character unresolved .
An accomplished and compelling film by writer/director Josh Mond , James White is also pretty much a bummer .
Both Nixon and Mond invest James White ... with a raw honesty that makes James White a compelling drama about the demands and rewards of family .
Abbott contributes a smart , soulful performance , but Nixon keeps threatening to walk away with the movie as the mother , who ca n't get enough of life and whose physical decay is colored by rage , defiance , and terror .
Filmmaker Josh Mond is as interested in his hero 's valleys as his ... well , not peaks , but the moments when he 's less agitated , even peaceful .
`` James White '' gets up close and personal in often discomfiting ways , but it 's never exploitative or glib . It hits the highs , and the rock bottoms , and all the damnable stuff in between .
`` James White '' starts well , descends into cliche and ends in ambiguity , but for about 30 of its 80 minutes , writer-director Josh Mond is on to something .
The rare movie that refuses to go easy on the experience of having a serious illness or what it takes to take care of someone who does .
Gripping cancer drama .
With an intimacy caught in tight close-ups , Abbott and Nixon hold the pared-down script and each other gently . Like grief itself , this film might knock the wind right out of you .
Abbott 's feral depiction of such fierce loyalty is something close to brilliant .
... an intense , ultimately uplifting character study ... ` Sex in the City 's ' Nixon is so good as the title character 's stricken mother she should be remembered come Oscar nomination time .
A poignant drama that will leave you yearning for the kind of transformation that takes place near the end .
The picture is gut-wrenching in its study of stress , illness , and love
... director Josh Mond 's marching orders to the viewer are clear : watch Abbott 's face for it is the mise-en-scène .
A knockout lead performance by Christopher Abbott and a superb supporting turn by Cynthia Nixon make the propulsive and deeply felt `` James White '' worth experiencing despite a difficult , at times elliptical story .
Was he always this way ? Or is it just a reaction to so much sickness and death ? The film does n't say .
A well-acted , powerful , deep film spotlighted by commanding performances .
Strong performances help bring a powerful authenticity to this low-budget drama of guilt , grief and arrested development .
Writer-director Josh Mond 's feature debut is a devastating portrait of the stress of being a caregiver , particularly one so young , that 's remarkably free of sentimentality or a typical tearjerker 's cues .
Mond , making his feature directing debut after producing a slew of intriguing indies , brings intensity to an intimate domestic drama about a feckless New York City slacker who appears to have a fight-or-flight approach to a familial crisis .
Josh Mond 's debut film is the indie find of the year , filled with scenes that hit like a shot in the heart . Cynthia Nixon digs so deep into her character that you can feel her nerve endings .
Built out of strongly acted moments of unflinching honesty , Josh Mond 's UWS-set feature debut redeems the indie grief movie -- take that as an endorsement and a warning .
One of the strengths of James White is its subtlety . It has things to say about modern life and especially the twentysomething male experience , but they are never said as much as pictured .
Alas for James , sadness is not a jerk license and his bid to seem dark and complicated merely comes across as tiresome self-pity .
James White is a deeply moving debut for Mond , a gorgeously made , beautifully acted stunner that is especially painful because it 's so obvious that it comes from a deep personal place . But the movie 's worth every moment you give it .
`` James White '' does n't soften its message : You can only avoid facing reality for so long , until it catches up with you . Then it grabs you by the throat .
With the camera close on his expressive face , Abbott finds power in explosions of self-destruction and glimpses of vulnerable soul within the character .
An honest , moving , and occasionally even funny portrait of what happens when a cripplingly immature young man gets hit with one reality check after another .
There 's a foggy , drifting quality to Mond 's storytelling style that befits this portrait of a young man who is himself adrift in the adult world .
It confronts the hard realities of a world in which few make it to maturity without their share of scars , and no one makes it out of adulthood alive .
Like no movie in recent memory , the feature debut of writer-director Josh Mond is a small marvel of evenhanded empathy .
When James White really digs in , it 's an affecting portrait of grief and of feeling lost in life . So often the two go hand in hand .
As scripted , James has so few distinguishing traits that this potential bourgeois Everyman comes off as nobody in particular .
Counter-balanced with Christopher Abbott 's enormous and raw performance -LRB- one of the best of the year -RRB- , every scene is like a balloon inflating for the actor to pop .
Another reliable performance by Cynthia Nixon .
It 's hard to imagine a scenario where James White ca n't be pointed to as among the best of this year 's American debuts .
The script is lean , cliché-free and enigmatic , especially an extended , poetic scene set in an Upper West Side bathroom that will terrify you , then break your heart .
... it ultimately does seem as though the writer/director simply did n't have enough material to justify a full-length feature .
James White is an unflinching portrait of the would-be artist as a flailing and spoiled 20-something , gripping from its sensory overload of a first scene all the way to its emotional final act .
Josh Mond 's debut feature is a refreshingly authentic and profitably low-key drama .
James White is at times so bleak and bracing that many will find it tough to endure .
A devastating dissection of a man who 's forced out of his arrested development and into adulthood by extreme tragedy and the responsibility that comes with it .
The world it presents seems at times so slippery and uncertain that being lost seems like the only natural response .
One of the best movies to hit Sundance this year , with an awards-worthy performance by Cynthia Nixon .
Other actors would have milked the dramatic opportunities here for all they were worth , but Nixon and Abbott - the latter glimpsed briefly in A Most Violent Year - keep their sights on the heartbreaking inevitability of the situation .
`` James White '' is about broken people barely holding on while trying to cope with unbearable pain , and the experience can be bruising . But without ever feeling the need to show you hope or redemption , a recognizably real humanity still bleeds through .
A viscerally acted drama whose rich visual and sonic textures intensify the plunge into the title character 's messy life .
There would n't be much reason for us to care about what happens to the character at all were it not for the fugitive soulfulness that flickers in his eyes like a light at the end of some cavernous tunnel .

@highlight

Led by powerfully complementary performances from Christopher Abbott and Cynthia Nixon , James White offers an affecting calling card for debuting writer-director Josh Mond .