As it closes in on an unavoidably bleak ending , Cargo fails to generate much suspense , choosing mood and ambiance over bullet-ridden shootouts and violent beheadings .
The conceptual contribution of Cargo is rewarding , almost always well matched by its on-screen images . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film 's best feature is a fundamental respect for humanity in all its gross forms .
Cargo injects bracing , subtle layers into long-established flesh-munching lore while not completely reinventing anything .
It takes some time for Cargo to find its heart , but once it does it grips you .
Proficiently directed by Yolanda Ramke and Ben Howling , with some haunting cinematography and great editing , the story really moves across the jagged , threatening landscape .
Cargo 's big drawcard is its sheer humanity . There 's a lot of tragedy on show here , and you 'll have to be made of stern stuff indeed to make it through this outback odyssey without a few tears .
Amidst nearly relentless peril , directors Ben Howling and Yolanda Ramke manage to carve out some deeply tender moments , putting an intriguing spin on the zombie genre at the same time .
Sinks its teeth into the undead basics , and yet still manages to carve out its own territory rather than mindlessly following the masses .
Metaphors aside , Cargo has an exceptional contribution from the director of photography Geoffrey Simpson -LRB- Oscar and Lucinda -RRB- , who knows how to capture the nature and desolation of the Australian open horizon . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Original zombie movie with heart ; violence , language .
`` Cargo '' also uses the zombie genre to comment on the human condition , in particular the exploitation of native populations .
It 's like the film-makers have deliberately not embraced the ludicrous potential of the subject matter and there is thus an awkward tension between its sombre tone , the absurdity of its premise , and the flatness of its cliched narrative .
You know what ? It 's brilliant .
A pretty nifty little psychological drama in genre film clothes .
But somewhat inevitably for a zombie story , Cargo becomes a movie about found family , and how it can be harmful or crucial , depending on the people involved and their willingness to help each other .
Reminding one of 1970s Australian horrors and Kiwi man-alone movies , Cargo ... is an evocative , provocative tale .
Achieves what was once thought impossible : a unique and original zombie movie , filled with humanity and depth to go along with plenty of terrific scares .
An apocalypse film of unusual subtlety and suspense .
It ca n't entirely shake the familiarity of what is being explored , but there 's more than enough storytelling ingenuity on display to warrant your attention .
Cargo does n't often satisfy on the genre 's more sensational vectors . There are no hordes , few gouts of creative gore and a limited sense of danger .
While its Australian setting is a bit of a deviation , Cargo adds little more to the formula concocted by Romero back in the '60s and '70s .
Beyond a nod to fracking and the clash between aborigines and Westerners , Yolanda Ramke and Ben Howling hardly bring anything new to the genre . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Adds absolutely nothing to the over-exposed `` escape from zombies '' quest genre -- save for the Australian setting .
Cargo successfully portrays the conflict sparked by a sinister change in the body and the resistance of the human mind that is aware of the endgame .
It 's an interesting , sometimes moving post-apocalyptic thriller . It 's just not quite thrilling enough to get away with all of its ambitions .
Cargo is an effective horror-drama that takes a more cerebral approach to the zombie apocalypse .
The horror of the film comes from its all-encompassing dread , but the journey toward that inevitable end still has room for beauty and triumph and pain and heartbreak .
I loved it mainly for its often riveting drama , rich characterization , and stunning turn by Martin Freeman .
The film 's greatest move , outside of casting Freeman , was narrowing the story 's scale down to essentially one man and one baby and their struggle . There 's real heart in that story , which makes this movie feel alive .
There 's more than enough new here to prove that there 's always room for more exploration of the genre .
Cargo , in common with the best zombie films , is not really about voracious bloodsuckers ; it 's about the degradation of the environment , racism and the importance of family .
An elevated zombie thriller with a killer hook .
Perhaps the highest compliment I can pay it is that I think George A. Romero himself would have liked it .
Cargo is proof , if it were needed , that Freeman can carry his own movies .
Cargo is a slow burn zombpocalypse drama that hits some familiar beats , yet there 's a rich humanism at its core that makes the journey meaningful .
While Cargo is not quite in the same refined league as those works , this eerily effective hybrid of zombie thriller and apocalyptic odyssey deserves to be seen and appreciated by as wide an audience as possible .
It tries just a touch too hard to make the point ... but Freeman and Landers are so strong and Geoffrey Simpson 's cinematography so sumptuous that it hardly matters .
Plenty to admire in `` Cargo , '' which does a different zombie stomp , finding a fresh approach to a customary story of survival , giving the norm some genuine heart and moments of futility .
Cargo is a zombie movie made for viewers who do n't like zombie movies .
Been there , undead that .
Co-directors Ben Howling and Yolanda Ramke -LRB- the latter of whom wrote the screenplay -RRB- sacrifice some tension with their more character-based approach , but the cumulative effect is emotionally powerful .
The Australian setting brings a fresh , and epic , quality to this now done-to-death genre , and the directors introduce a few nice new kinks to the zombie mythology .
I do n't mean to keep throwing The Walking Dead under the spike-tired dystopian bus ... -LSB- but -RSB- Cargo just does it better .
From Romero 's original zombie series to the films it inspired , this type of horror succeeds when it laces its scares with biting social commentary , and Cargo utilizes this formula to great success .
In Cargo , love knows no bounds , and that 's a pretty powerful message no matter how you spin it .
There 's a tension that 's undeniable , and you 're rooting for their survival , but you are n't necessarily expecting it .
Ramke and Howling have created a distinctive vision of the zombie genre that 's true to its Romero-cemented history of subversion , yet resists his thirst for onscreen carnage .
Thoomi and Andy become important to each other , but neither really understands or connects with the other in any but the shallowest ways , and the way she feels like a plot device more than an integral part of the story is a significant flaw .
This familiar saga eschews jolting scares for survival-esque -LRB- and dark-heart-of-man -RRB- thrills , relying largely on Freeman 's compelling lead turn to set it apart from the genre .
Cargo makes the mistake of benching its menace , banishing the undead to blurred shots on the horizon , while doggedly pursuing its theme .
Who 'd have thought that the secret to new life would be to inject a little humanity into the old shambling corpse ?
Through the apocalyptic grit , Cargo avoids the pit of cynicism .
Cargo is a dramatic horror picture for people who do n't like horror movies , so for the younger audiences expecting a jump scare marathon lubricated by a heavy dosage of gore may have to seek out other fare .
Cargo is a very strong , at times stirring achievement : a zombie film with soul and pathos .
Takes a bite out of a teeming genre , with heart , smarts and some weighty matters on its mind .

@highlight

Cargo takes a refreshingly character-driven approach to the zombie genre that 's further distinguished by its Australian setting and Martin Freeman 's terrific lead performance .