Because the overly ambitious storyline lacks clarity , the film lacks the pulse-pounding energy of the original . What heart there is comes from the family drama among Jake , Winnie , and Gordon .
It 's a perfectly fine movie that could have been above-average good but was wrecked by too much story clutter and messy editing .
Often , the film feels more like a lecture than a narrative-minus the one thing that makes a lecture useful : actual information .
Money Never Sleeps shows the black ice that our prosperity as a nation travels on . It 's a warning straight out of Dickens but without a happy ending for the poor and comeuppance for the perpetrators .
Lazy directing on the behalf of Oliver Stone , the miscasting of Shia LaBeouf and an often incomprehensible plot turn this film into a total mess .
The bottom line on `` Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps '' is that it is sprinkled with inspired scenes , but is never able to fully engage the viewer because of its meandering and unfocused storylines .
As a comment on the recession it 's a spineless failure , but as a piece of entertaining fluff it does its job well .
Maybe Stone 's growth as a filmmaker mirrors that of Gordon 's as a person ; having had time to calm down a bit over the years , he seems to have settled into a more relaxed state .
In the midst of all the incomprehensible money-babble , there are still pit stops of entertainment .
There really is a lot to like about Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps but ultimately , like the trader 's they 're chronicling , the filmmakers are unable to resist the impulse to have their cake and eat it too .
Those who see -LSB- Gordon Gekko -RSB- as an antihero worthy of redemption might find this kinder , gentler Wall Street worth sitting through .
Stone has missed the moment with his belated sequel ... Instead of being ahead of the game , he 's now lagging behind -LSB- and -RSB- he 's made a movie that already seems out of date .
A decidedly inferior sequel .
Though the carpe diem theme comes as something of a surprise , Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps makes its political points , with ` moral hazard ' -- the dark side of second chances -- the film 's punny refrain .
Maybe `` Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps '' does n't pack the punch of the original because there 's no revelation .
-LSB- Oliver -RSB- Stone uses a lot of visual effects to give some energy to a very conventional story ...
Lacks the sting of recent documentaries on Wall Street 's sanguine hands
Gordon Gekko is back , but he 's not as powerful a force as he once was .
While the film looks as sharp as a three piece pinstripe from Bloomingdales , featuring some nice character-driven moments , its bubble bursts in an ending that feels compromised .
... lest you miss the sledgehammer subtext of Stone 's sequel , there are plenty of shots of bubbles blowing through the sky .
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is a flashy , timely , and mostly engaging drama , but it 's really nothing without Michael Douglas , who drags Gordon Gekko out of the ` Eighties Villains Hall of Fame ' for a victory lap .
Michael Douglas does what he can .
A lumbering beast that 's stately where it should be nimble . Best stick with the original film .
Gekko 's resurrection is disappointing . This is n't a savage satire on corrupt business practices . No . It 's a relationship drama .
Somebody obviously likes David Byrne and Brian Eno , but to have every song of the movie sung by them felt like a bad 80 ? s comedy starring Dudley Moore , not a contemporary movie about the financial crash that had such a great impact on all of our lives .
There is nostalgia value in revisiting the character but , unfortunately , the picture plays like a faint echo of the original , inferior in every way . Greed just ai n't good anymore .
The old Gordon Gekko would have torn this movie apart with his gleaming teeth , while today?s Gekko seems content just to nibble on the edges .
It 's Douglas ' continuing commitment to his iconic role that sporadically gooses the proceedings , at least until a mawkish conclusion that resembles nothing so much as a Wall Street crash .
Advances the interesting proposition that Wall Street has become so corrupt that Gordon Gekko now seems like a hero compared to the rest of these slime balls .
The imagery could hardly be more heavy-handed or banal -- dominoes topple and bubbles burst but , paradoxically , the plot is hard to follow in any detail .
Money never sleeps , but you might .
It may be more than two decades since Michael Douglas won an Oscar as scheming Wall Street trader Gordon Gekko , but the character 's mantra of `` Greed is good '' rings as loud as ever .
We 're left with a solid if predictable drama and a whole lot of very sharp suits and New York loft apartments to envy .
The recent economic collapse would seem to offer a goldmine of opportunities for a sequel , but Stone concentrates on a dull retread of the earlier movie 's deal-with-the-devil scenario ...
A complete mish-mash , less bonfire than oven-lighter , a wasted opportunity ...
Stone swaps fury for fun . But it sure beats another Fidel Castro interview .
Overweening showman that he is , Stone tries to give the financial mess a dramatic arc . But the sequel tries to do too many things , and a lot of them just aren?t that interesting .
After about three scenes it just sounds like blah-blah-blah , and yet the screenwriters actually create a sense of drama from this impenetrable gobbledygook .
There is a lot of good material , but LaBeouf nearly sinks it and we could use much more of the old Gekko brimstone .
This is a pulp novelisation of the banking crisis and its pleas for relevance ring hollow .
But whatever its critical frailties , Money Never Sleeps is again so relevant to current economics that you simply ca n't ignore it .
Stone assembles a competent , affectionate homage to the 1987 incarnation .
Older , wiser , and as slippery as ever , Douglas does n't miss a trick in completing the resurrection of one of cinema 's most glorious bastards .
Watchable drama enlivened by strong direction and superb performances from an excellent cast , but it 's often predictable and struggles under the weight of too much plot , which ultimately drags it out to about 20 minutes longer than it ought to be .
Stone frequently trips the film up on idiosyncratic visual devices and shifting tones that make one wonder if he is making a serious drama or a slightly veiled satire
The lot of it is pure melodrama , but as any fan of melodrama knows , if you have a talented cast willing to throw themselves headfirst into the cinematic blender , that melodrama can be as captivating as it is cheap .
An unfocused mess teetering between revenge tale , family drama , coming-of-age story , morality tale , pointed satire and nostalgic remake .
Interest rates may vary .
Money Never Sleeps never fails to entertain , yet there 's an undercurrent of desperation inherent in the idea of even making this film .
In hindsight , Stone should have left Gekko behind bars , a casualty of his own hubris and shark-like appetites , but here he is , back on the New York streets he once owned , in ` Money Never Sleeps . ' And to what end ?
This is a film made for people who 've lived life and lost something they 've loved . It 's for adults rather than just young quick buck artists .
Oliver Stone waited 23 years to make the sequel to his landmark social drama about unbridled avarice , Wall Street . Why ?
Money may never sleep , but Oliver Stone 's return to the setting of his 1987 hit ` Wall Street ' gets soporific pretty quickly .
This being Oliver Stone 's long-gestating , self-important sequel to Wall Street , Jake will be learning some harsh life lessons .
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is a potent critique of American corporate culture in the aftermath of the global financial crisis . But as a human story , it falls flat .
In trying to dramatise the causes and consequences of the 2008 collapse , Stone slightly misses the boat .
Stone directs with his usual propulsive efficiency , provides a moderately gripping storyline with a ripped-from-the-headlines feel and draws effective performances from his cast , particularly La Beouf and Mulligan .
There is a fine irony to the economic meltdown being explained by the fictional patron saint of corporate shenanigans . If anyone can follow the money through this global maze of shady deals and alphabet soup loopholes , it 's Gordon Gekko .
-LSB- As part of -RSB- Stone 's rant on the financial mess foisted on us , he shoots the boardroom scenes as if the bankers are mafia dons ordering a hit on the American people .
I have absolutely no idea what message Stone thinks he 's sending , but I 'm pretty sure he still thinks greed is a bad thing .
... the characters are simply talking points so it 's hard to get worked up about what happens to them .
In some ways Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is a modern western -- The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly on Wall Street . But in Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps , the only thing left hanging is the plot .
A little too long but the relationship plots and the strong acting of Douglas and Langella make this a worthy sequel
The immortal Gordon Gekko is back .
-LSB- The film -RSB- is clearly anti- `` destroying the economy '' , but is n't terrible coherent otherwise .
While the movie is nothing to rave about , the cast makes it a worthwhile viewing experience .
The rarest of Hollywood sequels , in that it seemingly has an artistic rather than financial motivation for its birth . And its story hinges on believable turns born of personality , not wildly fluctuating narrative convenience .
Crime might not pay , but greed is still good !
Transformers alum Shia is the protege of Decepticon Megatron Douglas - who is looking rather Megatranny these days .
It 's as though Stone is pulling his punches , angry at the economic state of the union but at the same time anxious to provide cinema audiences with a superior popcorn movie .
It 's not a convincing family drama or rise-and-fall story , the redemption is forced , the plot twists are painfully obvious , its sluggish and preachy , offers no real insight into the current financial collapse , and worst of all -- it 's dreadfully boring .
Heavy-themed remake not as edgy as original .
The money may not be sleeping , but much of the audience will be following this poor investment of a film .
Presents a timely update on how Wall Street does business .
When the ending feels more like ` Dan in Real Life ' you know Oliver Stone and Michael Douglas went wrong somewhere in this sequel .
Wall Street 2 : Take it to the Bank .
In the '80s , lighting a cigar with a $ 100 bill was sexy . In 2010 , it 's damn near porn .
This sequel -- like its iconic character -- is every bit as slick , relevant and , yes , mature as you 'd want it to be .
Good thing for Stone that Michael Douglas slips so easily into his hair gel and Armani suit as Gordon Gekko and manages to make this warmed-over soap opera bearably entertaining .
A story that should have been told with more fire .
Michael Douglas returns as an older , possibly mellower Gekko , but one with the same confident smile , the arrogant assurance , and lethal charm , played with a palpable pleasure that makes the character repugnant but infinitely fascinating
If anything , Stone has more grist for his muckraking mill now than he did 23 years ago . So why does the result feel so bland ?
Stone loses his grasp of the overall narrative , minimizing the intimate authenticity and the broader themes of friendship , loyalty and betrayal that the material requires .
There are times when iconic characters should be left alone to bask in the glory of a single appearance and , unfortunately , that 's the case with Gordon Gekko .
Here 's a shocker , Oliver Stone 's Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is both better than the original film that inspired it and the best thing the idiosyncratic outspoken director has made in almost two decades .
Neither knowledgeable nor intelligent about the financial mess it tries to describe , it 's still entertaining because of the individual performances of Douglas , Brolin , and Culligan .
Great to see Douglas back in the role that won him an Oscar . But even when he 's offscreen , he 's a bigger presence than LaBeouf .
This well-oiled and flawlessly executed cinematic event lives up to all lofty expectations . It deserves one of the 10 slots as best picture of the year . For what it 's worth , my advice is to ...
It starts out as a big-stakes film attempting a grand statement about the rift lines in the machine of American capitalism . It ends up going small-time , as a miserly story about people we do not understand behaving in ways we do n't believe .
For me , the basic problem with Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is simple : Oliver Stone 's rage is missing this time .
Stone used to know in his gut that a sermon belongs in the pulpit , not the multiplex . No more .
Michael Douglas is tremendously-serpentine ; Oliver Stone 's direction is energetic and acute ; and this sequel to their 1987 Oscar-winning original purrs with snark and style . Then the bubble bursts .
Stone 's latest film Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps proves he 's become a toothless old fart ready for the retirement home .
The kind of pointed critique of the American financial system this film might have made ends up without teeth , while the troubled personal relationships at its core are steered , without reason , towards an inexplicably treacly Hollywood ending .
This was an impressive undertaking that took on too much to be truly effective .
The film is easy enough to watch and fairly engaging , although it pales in comparison to the original . But when Douglas is in the camera 's focus and his aged Gekko does his thing , it 's like magic once more . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
Every bit as glam , entertaining , punchy and timely as the original .
Stone handles the financial stuff quite well .
If -LSB- Stone -RSB- had cut the bull and focused on the bullishness , he might have had a sequel worthy of its original .
Money Never Sleeps does n't get inside the sociopathology of the money culture . In a sense , it is a product , an expression , of that culture . Maybe that 's why it 's so disagreeably agreeable .
-LSB- A -RSB- gainst all probability , ` Money Never Sleeps ' is a watchable enough movie for its first hour or so ... . But as the financial bubble pops , so too does the cinematic one .
The story of Jake , Winnie and Gordon makes us wonder if there is any other bedtime story so lulling , so disarming , as moviedom 's falsely wrought `` happily ever after . ''
In a perverse but amusing way , Money Never Sleeps sometimes seems like film noir for CNBC junkies .
I think Stone should have left Gordon Gekko where he was -- in jail !
Stone has never been a filmmaker to mince words , although `` Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps '' seems to lack the fierce edge of some of his previous works , like `` JFK '' or `` Platoon '' , or certainly `` Natural Born Killers '' . Still it is fun to watch .
The flick is a worthy sequel that contains phenomenal performances but falls short of the first one . Some of the editing felt like a Powerpoint presentation .
Some welcome skulduggery ensues , but the movie 's ultimate agenda of rehabilitating a classic bad guy is a big disappointment .
Not enough Gordan Gekko ! ` Money Never Sleeps ' is like watching two hours straight of CNBC , which is great if that is your channel of choice , but not a triumph for a feature-length film .
This is not a great film , but if you can accept Stone 's submission to the dictates of the popcorn movie romance , I think there 's a lot to like .
An enlivening and rather wickedly entertaining take on the occasional angels -- but mostly demons -- that ran the country into financial ruin .
It should be an electrifying tale of love and loss set against the turbulent economic crash of 2008 , but instead there 's a whole lot of smoke without real fire , and while it 's entertaining enough , you 'll undoubtedly still leave the cinema disappointed .
... it 's Douglas who makes Stone 's sequel worth a watch ...
Stone is to be commended for showing the high-stakes world of Wall Street without glamorizing it , even if his approach is at times heavy-handed .
A great vehicle for Shia LaBeouf , Josh Brolin and Michael Douglas that occasionally disappoints but crackles more often than it fizzles .
Gekko has lost a step or two in the 23-year span between the original and now . He 's still an untrustworthy slime ball , but one that is too predictable .
It 's sort of adorable and sort of terrifying to ... see the ultimate 80s icon of sharky , sociopathic greed -- Gordon Gekko -- reduced to an object of quaint amusement ...
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is the kind of movie Stone could set-up in his sleep ... and a lot of the time , it looks like he did .
Oliver Stone bathes his boardrooms in the glossy sheen of deceit . Strong performances by Michael Douglas and Shia LaBeouf make this fun , if not quite riveting .
Plot heavy follow-up delivers enough to satisfy sequel-eager fans .
While Douglas continues to be enough to make the entire movie worth watching , there is little chemistry with LeBoeuf or between LeBoeuf and Mulligan .
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps feels like a genuine continuation of the original story , rather than the parodic spoof some might assume . It is also one of the best directed films of the year .
Saddled with this hollow script , Stone pads with elaborate set pieces .
Stone is n't a details guy ; he 's all about grand pronouncements , and his opinion here is that the collapse of 2008 cost everyday Americans their innocence as well as their homes and pensions .
This movie is by turns brilliant and dumb , naive and wise , nowhere near good enough and something close to great .
Subtlety has never been Stone 's strong suit , but few filmmakers pick at our rawest societal scabs with quite as much brio and determination .
LaBeouf seems unclear as to how to play all this .
The movie fails because we do n't get enough Gekko . I feel like I was promised a steak , and ended up getting a salad !
It 's a wholly successful sequel -- audacious , entertaining and bracingly pertinent .
Give Stone credit for great timing , sparkling dialogue and vivid characters , but debit him for pouring it on too thick .
Stone and the script shortchange the characters , forcing them to do things that seem phony and having them recite lines that sound stilted and overly didactic .
I liked Gordon Gekko better before he turned into Paul Krugman , but in Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps he is still at his core a seductive high priest of the money-changers ' temples .
Stone has a knack for pacing , detail and atmosphere that manages to feel authentic and fancifully allegorical at the same time .
It 's like a sweater that 's been pulled at from the top and bottom - it 's so spread out that you ca n't see anything any more but the holes , even if you really wanted to admire the design .
full review at Movies for the Masses
The only thing worse than a movie that resorts to painful cliches is one that resorts to painful cliches that are also wildly inappropriate .
-LSB- Stone -RSB- 's mantra is more ! more ! more ! , and he mounts crazy -LRB- and silly -RRB- visuals , such as red neon stock prices that dance across the screen against a backdrop of the Big Apple 's most expensive toys .
-LSB- Gordon Gekko -RSB- turns out to be more human ... than that unapologetic , greedy , egoistic , quick-tempered , sociopathic thief we once loved to hate .
a sequel that pales in comparison to its predecessor
Wider in scope than its predecessor and technically more ambitious . It 's a lot of other things , too , including clumsy , obvious and safe .
This return to the financial world 's most famous address is a bit like talking to a bad financial adviser - mostly boring , overly complicated , and in the end you feel a little ripped off .
There 's lots of talk and very little true wisdom which , come to think of it , is also a defining characteristic of the overinflated bubble world the movie is so desperately trying to puncture .
The story certainly holds your attention , but it 's a dramatic bubble about a financial bubble .
If you 're not looking for anything particularly profound , it 's entertaining , thanks to the zest of the cast and the stylish look of the film .
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is a nice return to form by one of our best socially-minded filmmakers , and it works as both entertainment and polemic , no easy trick .
Douglas is fun to watch . Little else in this movie is .
This may work against `` Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps . '' The film , Oliver Stone 's revisit to his innovative , Academy Award-winning 1987 film `` Wall Street , '' is classy and entertaining to be sure . But its time has passed .
Douglas gives Money Never Sleeps what it needs most : a defiant face to the corruption . Greed may be good , but Douglas is better .
It 's nothing more than a series of extended HuffPo rants strung together by alternately sappy and preachy plot points that could have been as foretelling as the original film if it had come two years earlier ...
The essential ingredient in movies is timing , so the return of Gordon Gekko in this compelling , if cynical sequel could n't be more welcome .
Stone 's new film expresses a more personal , intimate sense of moral hazard , which more broadly indicates the possibility that one or more parties to a contract may lie , cheat , steal or otherwise behave badly .
Moving as fast and recklessly as a trillion-dollar fat-finger stock-market transaction , the film has the drive , luxe and sarcastic wit of the snazziest Hollywood movies for most of its two-hours-plus running time .
Everyone involved with Oliver Stone 's sterling sequel to his '87 classic brings their A-game .
The movie provides entertainment and catharsis in lavish dollops .
The film has more moving parts than a pricey Rolex , and they are not all in sync .
A very good movie , even if its impact falls short of its predecessor .
Eventually , Stone allows the squishy love story between Jacob and Winnie to take center stage . It 's a mistake .
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps tells a story that we can all relate to , God help us .
Gekko 's still a wolf in wolf 's clothing . The question is : How big is his hunger ?
The movie is short on outrage , long on character , even longer on anticlimax -- it 's like heading out to a heavyweight prizefight and ending up at the avant-garde theater .
Stone ... overreaches and ends up with a story that feels scattershot .
Money Never Sleeps is diverting enough . But as a cautionary tale of personal and business ethics , the film has all the urgency of snail mail .
The film 's lack of focus is almost criminal , but schadenfreude energizes Stone . Everyone here is dancing on a bubble , and no one has the guts to admit the bubble is about to pop .
`` A topic as sexy as money should never , ever be boring . ''
Another edifying movie by Oliver Stone on the ethical disarray , selfishness , and cynicism of those who worship at the altar of capitalism .
The first time around , Wall Street felt like a warning about the perils of excess just as excess started to exact its toll . This one 's little more than a reminder that we all got , and remain , screwed . Noted .
Not on par with the first film , but still worth seeing . Douglas is incredible .
The rare sequel that feels not only relevant but necessary .
I do n't know about you , but I like my Oliver Stone straight-up , with all the lunatic delusions writhing in my face . Oddly , though , he has n't done a full Ollie this time out .
Trading coke , hookers , hair gel , cigarettes , and limos for moral fiber and a worldwide warning shot seems like natural angle for this sequel to take , yet in Stone 's beefy hands , the aim is as crooked as the stockbrokers .
It gleams and glistens but it has no substance . It is , in the end , a missed opportunity .
The ending is a cop-out , but by then it hardly matters . You 've already had much more than your money 's worth .
A competent drama with topical themes and a repeat performance for one of Hollywood 's most memorable characters of recent times . Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps becomes Gekko 's ironic victory lap .
Simplistic , perfunctory , lurid and schmaltzy , Oliver Stone 's sequel to his 1987 event movie , is an artistic disappointment on many levels , including the acting .
Great , thoughtful drama it 's not , but it 's sleek , fast and amusing enough to serve as the sort of high-gloss , dumb-fun melodrama that holds your interest without overtaxing your brain .
While it could have been a big movie on every level , Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps ultimately is small .
... bloated , obvious and - most damningly - immediately irrelevant .
People should care as much about Gordon Gekko 's family life as they should about Hannibal Lecter 's favorite vacation spots .
-LSB- It -RSB- has its satisfactions , thanks mainly to a cast skillful enough to finesse what is effectively two films sharing the same screen .
It 's an entertaining story about ambition , romance and predatory trading practices , but it seems more fascinated than angry . Is Stone suggesting this new reality has become embedded , and we 're stuck with it ?
Oliver Stone 's grandiose and sprawling sequel to Wall Street - a much anticipated film that glitters with the spoils of greed but - perhaps like money itself - does n't really satisfy .
A swift and engaging financial thriller -LRB- is that a thing ? -RRB- that addresses matters of morality without too much moralizing .
LaBeouf 's intimate scenes with Mulligan are convincing and affecting - if you do n't cry when the banks collapse you will when the lovebirds fight .
By making Wall Street Money Never Sleeps a nice romance/patriarchal drama set against the bulls - & - bears world of high-finance , Stone has let the GFC off far too lightly and largely ignored the legacy of Gordon Gekko .
Stone is a great technical director , and he uses his skill to excellent effect here . He loads the screen with information - montages of cable-news reports , stock listings , more , more , more .
Stone loves to throw himself into the macho bloodiness of a cinematic fray . That 's his strength . But here he also wants to murmur a trite and pious lullaby about how children-are-our-real-wealth , la la la .
Money Never Sleeps is n't an epic masterpiece like Stone 's World Trade Center , but it 's often amazingly vivid .
Very enjoyable but maybe less fun than its predecessor .
A dizzying , jargon-strewn tangle of plotlines each of which are forced forward with an unmodulated , cadence-free abandon that often looks as though Michael Bay was directing .
An honourable failure as escapist entertainment .
Money Never Sleeps is never boring , even as its plot descends into cheap melodrama and the script runs out of banter about the `` the NINJA generation -- no income , no job , no assets . ''
Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps is a movie only a hedge fund manager could love .
Stone jazzes up the dry proceedings with fancy filmic footwork , but even he is no match for derivatives .
The undeniably polished and professional work of a once-iconoclastic filmmaker who appears to be mellowing with age . I liked him better when he was ruthless .
Douglas is having a ball in his signature role , and Stone gets many of the details right . Yet the movie , lazy to begin with , slackens once all the daddy issues come into play .
The time is right for the return of Gordon Gekko , but making him a sidekick in a convoluted revenge plot , loaded with GFC history and allusions , stifles his totemic comeback . Less might well have been more , Mr Stone .
there 's no revelation to these blunt , garish , perfunctory proceedings , only `` timely '' moralizing
Oliver Stone wages a valiant attempt to stay true to his original `` Wall Street 's '' streamlined storytelling about the warped mentality at the center of the capitalist world .
A spectacularly well made film without any real answers , and a lot of questions which have already been asked .
Just like the Stock Market , this movie suffers from some pretty scary highs and lows .
-LSB- An -RSB- unwieldy mixed bag .
Overstays its welcome at 133 minutes . All four lead actors play their parts admirably , but the story lacks the zing of the original .
Stone is never content to just make one movie ; he always makes several , then squeezes them all together into one engorged package .
Unfortunately , whether Stone admits it or not , the 1987 original is not a good movie -- Michael Douglas ' iconic Oscar-winning performance notwithstanding -- and this sequel , timely as it is , suffers from similar issues .
While a rock solid piece of entertainment , this may have been something special if the focus had been shifted to Gordon Gekko .
As with many recent Stone projects , it 's hard to tell what the focus is supposed to be .
A compelling drama and a convincing vehicle to return Douglas to the screen as the infamous Gordon Gekko .
Where Wall Street blistered , Money Never Sleeps blusters ... laid on with a heavy hand and a big trowel
An opportunity squandered , this highly anticipated sequel revels in its grand scale , but falls down where it matters most - the story
Tom Hanks said it best : `` There 's no crying on Wall Street . '' LaBeouf and Mulligan are terrible . LaBeouf has no `` killer instinct '' . Douglas makes love to the camera .
Softer it may be , but these further adventures of Corporate raider Gordon Gecko - complete with new opponents - still climax in a biting , exceedingly entertaining game of Hungry , Hungry Hippo .
This could have been a gritty , realistic drama but the writers have gone with a safer , more commercial option . The unsatisfying ending is proof of that .
-LRB- ... -RRB- a crisp and engaging though extremely conventional follow-up that updates themes explored in the so-so original with a fair amount of savvy .
A new generation wrestle with the same ol' sins in Wall St : Money Never Sleeps .
Like the 1987 film , this Wall Street installment is Oliver Stone in mainstream studio mode . Sure , his political slant on the financial crisis comes through loud and clear % u2014the son of a Wall Street broker is preaching to the choir at this point % u2014an
Beneath the information overload there are some great performances , and Douglas is still terrific , though increasingly raddled .
For those interested in bubbles and the speed at which a few dedicated souls can cripple an economy , there 's much to admire here .
Stone 's surprisingly vital revisit to his hit 1987 movie only really falters right at the end , when it appears to succumb more to old Hollywood conventions than to Wall Street 's . But like the key characters in the film it still leaves us wanting more .
Stone , who has always expressed surprise that Gekko became a cult hero , here underlines the fact that his creation has the same old instincts .
After his attempts to branch out slightly with World Trade Center and W. , Money Never Sleeps finds Stone at ease in a way he has n't been in years .
One of the better sequels in a long time .
It 's loud , preachy , simple-minded , completely lacking in anything even approaching sophistication or control . But , for these very same reasons , it can also be tremendously entertaining .
It may have taken 23 years , but it was well worth the wait . Wall Street 2 is a proper return to form for Stone and Douglas , and comes just at the right time to tell its story . Gordon Gekko is back .
Money looks like it 's dozing a little here : my advice is `` sell . ''




@highlight

It 's more entertaining than many sequels , but with Oliver Stone directing , a terrific cast , and a timely storyline that picks up where the original left off , Wall Street : Money Never Sleeps should be better .