Kaur is dark-eyed and engaging and it would have been nice to see her storyline get equal time . Nevertheless , it 's a funny , big-hearted film .
To sum it up , The Lunchbox is one of the best films to come out from Hindi film industry . It takes us a notch higher .
The film refuses the old adage that all you need is love , rooting both their stories in harsher socio-economic realities . The film is slight , but there 's enough there to pique interest in what Barta does next .
A surprising film of depth , warmth , sorrow and romance , `` The Lunchbox '' deserves to be seen by a wide audience .
Nitpicking aside , The Lunchbox is a thoroughly charming film , brought alive by some great writing .
This is a thoughtful little movie , one that benefits from its main performances and a nicely slow building romance .
This is not a comedy that delivers its humour broadly or a romance that seeks to induce a swoon ; it has a restrained , even melancholic tone that dilutes its essential sentimentalism . There 's a lot to be said for that .
Melancholic wit - and a tone of restrained melodrama - is what makes Ritesh Batra 's The Lunchbox a small gem .
The perfect date film , guaranteed .
Batra allows Ila and Sajaan 's relationship to develop slowly and subtly , like an old photograph , and the tender humor adds exactly the right amount of spice to what is already a delicious mix of melancholy and hope .
It dragged for me a tiny bit towards the end but , generally , I really enjoyed it .
Somewhere in -LSB- its -RSB- moments of joy , lies the film 's optimistic message about life , and how it should be lived . Which sounds syrupy , but it 's far from it . It 's magical .
Though this much-touted , cuter-than-cute , try-hard romantic film from India has been showered with festival glory and glowing reviews from across the world , it unspools as a likeable but pretty unexceptional little confection .
The subtle performances of the leads , the remarkable Irrfan Khan and the engaging Nimrat Kaur , make ` The Lunchbox ' a pleasure to watch .
The Lunchbox is either a piquant romance or a wise comedy . The director 's confidence with such a delicate story makes it successful as both .
The Lunchbox is the kind of picture that envelopes you like a warm blanket , charming you with its slow-building affection and life-altering curries .
A charming portrait of two lonely hearts who connect across a city of more than 20 million people .
Ritesh Batra in his debut feature , stirs his flavours gently , allowing the delicate aromas of human interaction to blossom unexpectedly in a heart-warming romance
At best , your heart goes out to the two isolated characters . At worst , you may go to sleep .
Khan 's performance is in itself a tasty buffet , filled with a simmering anger , desperate loneliness , and a biting sense of humour .
A Romantic 's Delight .
First-time writer-director Batra nearly overplays his hand at a couple of moments , but all in all this is a film of finely judged reserve , and acutely anti-sentimental .
The themes are universal , even trite , but the details are authentic and specific .
A moving piece of cinema .
Writer-director Ritesh Batra 's `` The Lunchbox , '' a romantic-comedy about two strangers in Mumbai who develop an unlikely connection , may well be the start of a distinguished cinema career .
There are no big scenes or intense dramatic moments ; it 's filled with observational details about character and place , adding up to a subtle but memorable look at desperate lives in transition .
Leaves you hungry for Indian food and friendship over loneliness
This is a charming crowd-pleaser that is made with love -- just like the food in the titular lunchbox . Better yet , it 's just as delectable .
As convincing a story about aging and compromise as it is a romance .
Seek out this beautifully made and acted little gem of a movie . You will not regret it , and I think I 've just found one more 2014 release that will be on my Ten Best list .
The Lunchbox is honest and touching , and features a pitch-perfect performance by Khan , whom American audiences might remember from Life of Pi and Slumdog Millionaire .
Who cares if the conceit feels a shade schematic ? The Lunchbox is perfectly handled and beautifully acted ; a quiet storm of banked emotions .
This could be cloying in a `` Lake House '' sort of way , but instead `` Lunchbox '' is warm and sweet-tempered , as these two private people are able to reveal their inner selves in a way they ca n't to those closest to them .
This is a real charmer of a film : a wry and gently comic Mumbai-set drama with a level of quiet observation that rekindles memories of Bill Forsyth in his prime .
Batra clearly adores his characters . We get a taste for them , too .
A Rolls Royce romantic comedy set in Mumbai that rides on a delectable , bittersweet central turn by Irrfan Khan .
One of those films that gives words like `` tender '' and `` touching '' a good name . You would need to be some sort of monster to resist its charms .
Delicately judged , handsomely photographed and beautifully acted The Lunchbox marks an impressive debut from Ritesh Batra that is recommended to romantics of all ages .
By its final act , pressing home the most un-Bollywood message that life 's often more complicated than the movies , it 's assumed the feel and weight of a well-observed short story .
There 's nothing wildly original here , but it 's carried off with charm and wit , and a pair of very enjoyable central performances .
First-time writer/director Ritesh Batra deserves credit for mining gently captivating drama from a pitch that could have just ended with passive-aggressive Post-its left on the office fridge .
Charming and whimsical , it 's a feast for the eyes .
In a hamburger world , `` The Lunchbox '' is comfort food .
A lovely little film from a place where the little things linger .
a sweet and savory epistolary romance
`` The Lunchbox '' does n't offer easy solutions , but it is filled with keen observations . All meals should be this satisfying .
Subtly savory romance , providing nourishment for the soul .
A pleasure , from the fascinating intricacies of Mumbai-style interlocking lunch containers to the quietly masterful performance of Khan .
Warm , and warmly predictable .
`` The Lunchbox '' is a feast of delights , one of the best stories about the connection between food and love the movies have ever seen .
Do not attempt to see The Lunchbox on an empty stomach . To do so is simply torture .
The Lunchbox offers us a naturalistic glimpse of middle-class life in modern Mumbai .
Palatable , but not very spicy or exotic
It 's sublime .
`` What do we live for ? '' is the question that pops up in The Lunchbox , a romance set in Mumbai . The film , a first feature from Ritesh Batra , aims to offer a meaningful answer : We live , ideally , for love .
If co-writer and director Ritesh Batra occasionally takes his sweet time getting from point A to point B , it 's equally true that he gives the audience a nice , comfortable ride .
A humanist fable from India , the film is actually a romance in the classic tradition , a `` Brief Encounter '' transposed to the rhythms and flavors of modern-day Mumbai .
It 's a slight film , but director Ritesh Batra , making his first feature , encompasses the film 's gentle performances into the chaos of Mumbai .
A romantic comedy based on the most trifling and sentimental of conceits , while deftly avoiding a descent into schmaltz .
Ritesh Batra 's charming , melancholic debut , The Lunchbox , is a sign that Indian cinema 's renaissance -LRB- chafing against the gaudy excess of Bollywood -RRB- has matured . We should all start paying attention to what India 's cooking up .
The picture belongs to world-class actor Khan . I 'll wager right now that there wo n't be a better performance all year , though it 's not the type to win awards .
The Lunchbox , sweet and bitter , full of heartache and hope , asks its audience to accept the possibility that something `` new '' can happen , and then revel in the possibilities .
Atouching and credible story that easily draws the viewer into the lives of its characters .
From the start , the movie mingles savory realism with elements of magic .
As in an old Nora Ephron comedy , each of the prospective lovers is supplied with an irritating comic foil .
The quality of the story and -LSB- Ritesh -RSB- Batra 's deft skill at telling that story makes this a special film .
The Lunchbox resonates with bittersweet realism , and the bold recognition that if some things are meant to be , then others are meant to be for only a moment .
Like a lot of movies , but especially foreign films , `` The Lunchbox '' has a central idea and winning characters , and it builds a compelling situation .
This warm and funny Indian film takes a set-up worthy of the great romantic comedies of Hollywood 's golden era and develops it into a touching story of connection , with echoes of Lost in Translation in its tone and characterisation .
This gentle romantic drama , by the Indian director Ritesh Batra , packs twenty minutes of action into its hour-and-three-quarters running time .
a lovely romance of the correspondent genre -LRB- `` I Sent a Letter to My Love , '' `` 84 Charing Cross Road '' -RRB- which at once feels very nostalgic yet also modern with its two lonely protagonists finding expanded horizons beyond their enclaves in a sprawling Mumbai .
A charming , bittersweet , utterly chaste love affair forged over food and cemented by kindred spirits .
Batra deftly finesses the will-they-or-won ` t-they potholes in the plot . If he never quite moves the story into Chekhovian terrain , he does at least manage to make it into something more than an Indian O. Henry knockoff .
The Lunchbox 's combination of well-drawn characters , thoughtful storytelling and vividly-realized setting makes it an easy recommendation for quality-starved moviegoers .
It 's a sweet , gentle movie comprised of long takes and thoughtful observations .
It 's a slight idea for a film , but director Ritesh Batra -LRB- who also cowrote -RRB- nicely expands it ...
This warm and affectionate human comedy from India is charming in a delicate and unforced way .
Batra 's directorial debut is no monumental step forward in the medium , but it does belong to a rare breed of movies that embraces the prospect of new and unforeseen love wholeheartedly , without cynicism or superficiality .
The Lunchbox is a first feature for director Ritesh Batra , but it nicely captures the almost overwhelming crush and noise of contemporary India , and it plays cleverly and delicately with the tension of whether its two correspondents might eventually meet .
The Lunchbox comes across as a crafty crowd-pleaser , but with a clever structure -LSB- . -RSB-
An extraordinary Indian movie about love , loss , and yearning .
For the acting alone , `` The Lunchbox '' is a sumptuous treat .
A widowed Mumbai office worker begins a correspondence with a lonely housewife in this slow but rewarding drama , a cousin to the epistolary near-romance `` 84 Charing Cross Road . ''
We will be hearing more from this exciting young filmmaker .
The comedy is more wry than uproarious , the melodrama gently poignant rather than operatic , and the sentimentality just sweet enough to be satisfying rather than bothersome .
The Lunchbox ultimately registers as a too-hesitant portrayal of hesitancy , and its pleasures are largely incidental .
A poignant tale of an unlikely romance in India .
A clever setup that harkens back to `` You 've Got Mail '' and `` The Shop Around the Corner '' does n't quite pay off in India 's warm-hearted comedy-drama `` The Lunchbox . ''
The patience in mercurially presenting the characters ' backstories and desires is matched by the film 's genuine curiosity about the healing power of sharing stories .
A slow-building , pleasingly low-key romantic dramedy set in Mumbai .
A very special film that transcends its origins ; despite its simple premise , it 's a story that could really only take place in Mumbai .
The film is a marvel of understatement and intelligence , exploring the loneliness and regret two people are able to express to each other , perhaps because they are strangers .
Like pineapple raita , The Lunchbox is sweet and savory , although its ending invites anxiety , like a too-spicy curry .
A minor classic that remembers it 's not sizzling sex scenes that make movie love stories work , it 's the longing .
First-time feature writer-director Ritesh Batra has come up with a wonderful new approach to the epistolary story .
We 're barely into the new year and one of the top ten films of 2014 has already arrived ... Experiencing Lunchbox is like being exposed to your first Truffaut . You know here 's an artist you 're going to have a long , prosperous relationship with .
A charming and restrained romantic drama as intoxicating as the most savory masala .
While films with this subject matter are often gooey at their core , The Lunchbox offers fully realized , tough-minded characters who just happen to be spicing up their lives with touches of humor and hints of mystery .
This long-distance love story is comfort food in any language , perfectly agreeable and unlikely to surprise .
... an immensely appealing premise ...
By time credits roll on The Lunchbox , to call it at a rom-com trivializes what is a far more textured picture .
A wistful , elegant love story played out across the streets of Mumbai , The Lunchbox is an unexpectedly aromatic charmer from first-time film-maker Ritesh Batra .

@highlight

Warm , affectionate , and sweet but not cloying , The Lunchbox is a clever crowd-pleaser from first-time director Ritesh Batra .