How weird and riveting and creepily fantastic a new documentary about an eccentric and lavishly haired family living in New York is .
The Wolfpack works best when the subjects are being let out into the world to experience things for the first time , displaying how their massive knowledge of cinema has drilled unbelievable visions of the outside world into their heads
The result is a multi-layered narrative , slightly tricky and elusive in form , but with subjects who are refreshingly , touchingly frank .
It 's cute , funny , and sad .
Like the boys , -LSB- The Wolfpack -RSB- is a powerful force to be reckoned with-and one that should be seen by all .
Under the guise of cinéma vérité , Moselle has stitched together a dreamy reverie that , if not a put-on , fetishizes a dangerously dysfunctional situation . Clearly I 'm in the minority ... but this feels like the worst kind of `` noble savage '' filmmaking .
The collaboration between the boys and the filmmaker delivers The Wolfpack with a palpable degree of honesty and compassion .
What The Wolfpack makes very clear is the way the movies , and the imagination and empathy involved in watching and making movies , helped these boys survive their difficult , claustrophobic childhood , make some sense of their bizarre history .
Moselle presents a narrative that deftly avoids judgment and analysis . Her own footage , which spans five years , is supplemented by extensive home videos recorded by the family , which lends the story both a discomfiting intimacy and a cool objectivity .
These questions are subsumed in The Wolfpack 's stunning testament to the redemptive power of cinema .
-LSB- A -RSB- moving , troubling saga .
A documentary that goes beyond the old stranger-than-fiction cliché into the realm of the genuinely perplexing .
As a modern update on Grey Gardens with an added tribute to the love for filmmaking , The Wolfpack is an endlessly fascinating documentary , but it 's not quite a great one .
It 's the brothers ' singular sibling bond that comes across most vividly as they channel their joyful creativity and exuberance into their home movies .
What would happen if you raised seven children in isolation from the rest of society with only movies to show them what the rest of the world is like ? This movie gives some answers to that question .
As if to air out any whiff of freakshow exploitation , Moselle tends to observe and not to impose . She 's touchingly receptive to the boys ' stories , and evidently aware that in her presentation they can become indistinguishable
It is , of course , a tale with all sorts of sorry implications for the kids but what 's so wonderful about The Wolfpack is the attention it devotes to the resilience and imaginative ingenuity the Angulo offspring developed as they were growing up .
Why should it feel so curiously stretched and padded at 80 minutes ?
Hopefully , The Wolfpack will also remind some parents that you ca n't hold onto your kids forever . Their desire to see and do everything is too strong . Sometimes , you just got ta let those little bastards roam .
Disturbing documentary chronicling the abusive childhood of seven siblings imprisoned 24/7 in a modest Manhattan apartment by their monster father with the help of their weak mother .
The Wolfpack is the record of a bizarre and abusive social experiment ... of what happens when six normal young men are raised in isolation .
While plenty of questions permeate the air as the end credits roll , The Wolfpack is a compulsively watchable , borderline hypnotic experience .
It should have been a more observant film about living out a radical lifestyle .
A portrait of an utterly distinctive family that raises endless , unanswerable questions about art , responsibility , freedom , creativity and so on . -LRB- Plus , you get a guy in a Batman costume made from cereal boxes and yoga mats , and the costume looks great . -RRB-
The compelling quality of Moselle 's exploration get a great boost from the motion-creating editing and frenetic metal score , not to mention her caring touch .
A frustrating display of missed opportunities . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Wolfpack walks a perilous line in documentary ethics , but there 's no question it is one of the most confronting and confounding true stories in a long time .
The sheer singularity of the world we enter here should be more than satisfactory for intrigued viewers .
Wolfpack falls short in various aspects : in the formal way because it feels like a reality show and in its chronology . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An invaluable experiment , that creates more questions than it answers ... in a good way . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A fun journey to discover how the moral , social education and values of this group of people was formed through an ample selection of world cinema . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie cinema lovers ca n't miss . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A subject so atractive and interesting that this documentary never stops generating footage worthy of being discussed and analized . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that sheds new light in the way cinema takes place in our lives . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting work about the limits of sanity , acceptance , society and personality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Six brothers and a sister locked in a New York apartment ... turn to the movies as their main means of connecting to the outside world ... An admittedly bizarre documentary , chiefly because of how normal and unaffected they all now seem .
The Wolfpack is the kind of documentary that creeps into your heart and shatters it .
Crystal Moselle treats the life of these boys with a lot of respect . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
There is a sense of the freshness of freedom but this a film that mainly deals in big emotions as though worried about getting down to specifics .
It does , in the end , offer a remarkable testament to that most enduring of all movie clichés : the power of the human spirit .
Filmmaker Crystal Moselle , who stumbled across the family , has crafted an unusual and thought-provoking film with unexpected charm .
Named after Hindu deities , the six boys -LRB- their sister is barely glimpsed on camera -RRB- prove easy company - attractive , articulate , and engagingly enthusiastic .
The Wolfpack ends up being a rare work that deserves the most sentimental of recommendations : it is a hymn to the resilience of the human spirit .
It comes across as a life-affirming story of how people can not just survive but thrive even through such a bizarre upbringing , above all though the life-enhancement of film .
Weird as these boys are , and as their story is , Moselle 's film is nothing but affectionate , and I found myself falling for their rather sweet unworldliness just as she obviously did .
The film remains a testament to movie love , and how acculturated , against all odds , you could become on a steady diet of Hollywood product .
Moselle has crafted the cinematic equivalent of a pencil sketch , but the boys make compelling viewing as her thoughtful , engaging subjects .
The brothers have an effortless charisma and any time spent in their company can not help but be fascinating .
The story that emerged , when she won their confidence , is the kind of once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that every factual filmmaker dreams of and very rarely stumbles across .
Too many questions are ultimately left unanswered , but it 's a real kick ...
A profoundly compelling yet far-from-unimpeachable piece of doc making .
A compelling glimpse into a bizarre , hermetically sealed life . The brothers are easy to warm to , and the family 's slow introduction into the outside world is quietly moving .
Moselle 's affection for these tough-talking whelps brings you gradually , optimistically , inside their world of gritty make-believe , and you root for them to take their lives conclusively into their own hands .
A remarkable New York story , one made with a pinch of tabloid exposé and another of sociological experiment .
What 's next , The Wolfpack Meets The Kardashians ?
The Wolfpack ultimately feels like less than the sum of its , admittedly fascinating , parts .
Despite the faintest of narrative progressions intended to emphasise the healing power of art and the strength of the human spirit , the majority of the film embodies some strange , nameless sinking feeling .
The subject matter means The Wolfpack is inherently compelling for a while , but as a documentary it 's an increasingly frustrating shambles .
Captures the minutia of what builds a personality in an extreme situation
The Wolfpack is what happens when a filmmaker of limited talent gets the scoop of a lifetime .
A harrowing , liberating documentary .
Everything about The Wolfpack is extraordinary , beginning with the subjects of Crystal Moselle 's mesmerizing documentary .
Crystal Moselle 's unsettling debut documentary feature .
An engrossing portrait of a decidedly peculiar family , but one in which significant pieces of the puzzle are lacking -- or summarily ignored .
The boys are bright and funny , and when they do go out together - shades on , long hair flowing down rail-thin bodies - they look like a somewhat awkward but cool rock band you 'd like to get to know . Moselle 's documentary is the next best thing .
Whether they are dancing exuberantly to the cheesy 1980s pop hit Tarzan Boy or celebrating Halloween in their tiny living room , these kids figured out how to not only survive , but thrive . Sometimes , with a little luck and a lot of love , joy finds a way .
It all adds up to a story of the human spirit 's ability to survive and even thrive despite twisted circumstance .
The film has a collage-like mix of fly-on-the-wall footage , on-camera interviews and old home movies , past and present swirling together within the same four walls .
Anyone who doubts fact can be way stranger than fiction will see otherwise after catching Moselle 's debut documentary feature , The Wolfpack .
It 's a fascinating story however you present it , but a tighter structure and a little more context would n't have hurt .
It 's stunning -LRB- and amazingly well done -RRB- and hard to believe . Yet it 's all true , as far as we know .
To Moselle 's credit , she avoids turning The Wolfpack into a freak show -LRB- just barely -RRB- . And yet , as you sit there gaping , you long for more insight , about the people you 're watching but also about how Moselle made this film .
A strange , fascinating documentary ...
All cooped up with nowhere to go ... luckily there are movies
Moselle has some great footage and a potentially compelling story , but like the brothers , it 's kept confined and devoid of fresh air .
It 's a fascinating in-the-moment experience .
Undeniably fascinating .
The Wolfpack reminds us , in extreme terms , that watching movies might be a way of learning how to live .
Takes a surprisingly tender approach to the material , never casting blame or making comments .
In the Truth is Stranger than Fiction file : The Wolfpack , a documentary about six teen brothers home-schooled to the point of imprisonment . In Manhattan , of all places .
That this is a documentary , this family lived in New York for decades in almost complete separation from its neighbors , is astonishing .
Even in the context of Tolstoy 's famous dictum that every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way , the story of the Angulo brothers stands out .
A strange and fascinating experience ; you feel like you 've been given entry into a mysterious world , where no one else is permitted .
`` The Wolfpack '' is n't a perfect movie , by any means , but it 's often a fascinating one , and it 's less about the power of film than it is a story so strange that it 's hard to look away .
An eye-popping portrait of six brothers virtually imprisoned for most of their lives inside a 16th-floor flat in a New York housing project .
Among the more unique , one-of-a-kind movies of the year . And I 'd love to see a where-are-they-now sequel in a few years .
More than a testament to the power of cinematic storytelling as food for the human spirit , `` The Wolfpack '' also is a portrait of a family that has had to rely on each other to survive .
The sheer idea that a New York family of nine could not only survive , but thrive while being sealed inside a Lower East Side Manhattan apartment most of their lives makes for fascinating viewing that no reality TV show can touch .
We are presented with something peculiar , that 's noteworthy mainly for it 's just being weird . Frankly , it 's not weird enough to completely engage viewers for more than 90 minutes .
... even the tonal missteps ca n't detract from an otherwise engrossing documentary-quite possibly the most curious I have seen all year .
It 's clear that there are second acts , and more , in American lives , even ones so borderline freakish as the ones presented here .
This is a fascinating story that deserves a much different film .
If the events depicted here are true , it 's a horrifying record of abuse that should trigger an investigation , not observation .
Some films take hundreds of hours of tedious work and countless exhausted nights of ulcerous brooding . Some simply make themselves .
More than anything , The Wolfpack is a true New York City story , reminding us that the heart and soul of this metropolis can be found in the diverse journeys of those who call it home .
... raises more questions than it answers , yet the remarkable access to its subjects makes the result both heartbreaking and hopeful .
Director Crystal Moselle stands back from her subjects , allowing them to do most of the talking . Her camera is remarkably non-judgmental , especially given how easily it could have become a `` look at the freak show '' sort of film .
Their virtual imprisonment has shaped but not ruined them , and we slowly see them venture into the wilds of regular existence .
... an ode to the miraculous power of cinema .
Filmmaker Crystal Moselle has seized onto terrifically compelling material , and while she hangs back with admirable distance , Grey Gardens-like , you wonder how she earned the Angulos ' trust .
If the film is patchy , it shows promise . Thankfully , so do the boys themselves .
Much of `` The Wolfpack '' is undeniably moving , especially as the boys come out into the real world , frightened and unsure of themselves .
Sometimes , all you need is a great subject to make a great documentary - or a willingness to chase after total strangers .
Moselle is also a patient observer who , without judgment or superfluous underlining , gradually teases out the pathos and the riveting dramas -- some dark and disturbing , some bizarrely entertaining and heartening -- of the parents .
The result is still a gripping documentary , but frustrating in that it seems to have gone for eight of the whole nine yards .
The Wolfpack is part spectacle -- witness an odd family struggling to function -- and part manifestation of a unique perspective on the world .
Moselle appears to have assimilated herself a bit too deeply into this family , observing her wolfpack from the inside out when an outsider 's perspective would have achieved more balance .
Their Reservoir Dogs-a multi-character story ideal for brothers-is a lovely homage , the ` Stuck in the Middle With You ' torture scene a standout .
This stranger-than-fiction documentary -LSB- ... -RSB- leaves too many stones unturned .
In its gentle , intimate , sometimes goofy way , ` The Wolfpack ' is a grueling experience .
What starts as a nonfiction mood piece grows frustratingly opaque as the brothers begin to venture out into the real world , meet girls , and get jobs .
There is a train-wreck quality to this film . The story is so astounding , you ca n't look away .
What if all you knew of the world came from Hollywood movies ? That 's a loaded question - and Crystal Moselle 's gripping doc runs with it . You wo n't be able to pull your eyes off the screen .
A Manhattan fable about fear
The dysfunctional Duggars of Arkansas have nothing on the Angulos of New York 's Lower East Side .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- You ca n't help but root for these highly articulate and reserved kids to make good in the real world . You just might be hearing more from the `` Wolfpack '' as filmmakers in their own right .
The Wolfpack is a reminder that much of the `` crap '' we decry has the potential to liberate , offering a bridge off the island of terror we call the nuclear family .
It 's a deeply strange success story , but it 's self-aware and humorous , and full of frankly amazing revelations .
What a sad , strange , intoxicating movie .
The sheltered world of the Angulos , informed by cinema more than the teeming city right outside their apartment windows , is a haunting and utterly unique one .
-LSB- It -RSB- has to be seen to be believed .
At its best , The Wolfpack helps us to see the cinema in the world , and not the other way around .
Tender , funny , heartbreaking and gloriously gritty , The Wolfpack is a must for any movie connoisseur , while it 's also a reminder of just how powerful the medium can be .
It 's partially a story of the role cinema can play in helping connect viewers to the world , of helping people get find and hold hope , but it 's also a capturing and catalyst for developing hope .
Scratching the surface of a story one suspects is a good deal thornier than what 's explicitly shown here , Crystal Moselle 's The Wolfpack introduces a gang of siblings who have been raised in near-complete isolation in downtown Manhattan .
The Wolfpack explores its scenario exclusively through the voices of its subjects , and all the cryptic limitations that entails .
Crystal Moselle aims her cinematic arrow at the hearts of the same choir that Andrew Jarecki 's stunted aesthetics preach to .
It 's difficult to become involved with losers who are either uninteresting or downright irritating .
A hauntingly exuberant documentary ...
As interesting as its central family is , The Wolfpack is too meandering to get at some of the tougher questions audiences will have .
This is a film less about gawking than about watching-the power of movies as escapism , and , quite literally , escape .
The Wolfpack is a great scoop , a high-caliber personal-interest story with designs on the humanistic power of mainstream cinema .
The reason The Wolfpack is so fascinating , and at times so disturbing , is because it keeps us teetering uneasily between empathy for a remarkable human drama and the suspicion that we 're not getting the whole truth , let alone nothing but the truth .
Although it 's not essential for a filmmaker to insert their own experiences and opinions into a documentary that chronicles the lives of other people , Crystal Moselle 's `` The Wolfpack '' proves to be a confounding exception .
There is much to enjoy in director Crystal Moselle 's debut documentary feature , which if nothing else begs a where-are-they-now sequel a few years down the road .
Not since Grey Gardens has a film invited us into such a strange , barely-functioning home and allowed us to gawk without reservation .

@highlight

Offering a unique look at modern fears and our fascination with film , The Wolfpack is a fascinating -- and ultimately haunting -- urban fable .