This is not entirely your average greasy teen movie , and frequently manages to be quite funny , and ambivalent , about vicious competitiveness at US high schools and sickly , sex-saturated modern life .
Stunningly bad teen sex comedy .
The writing team of `` National Lampoon 's Van Wilder '' crafted it as a satire about conflicting levels of sexual experience among teens , but fail to connect the significance of erotic pleasure to the emotional demands of budding adults .
The few saving graces are the gorgeous Elisha Cuthbert and the fun bad guy turn by Timothy Olyphant .
If it had been a porn film , at least it would 've been made by people with some insight into the adult-film milieu , as opposed to people with insight into nothing .
It is a movie full of contradictions that plays like a bad The Sure Thing melded uncomfortably together with an exploitative Risky Business .
What sets the film apart from the competition is its willingness to confront its own subject matter in an honest way .
Essentially Risky Business for the 21st century , and I do n't mean that as a compliment .
... an innocuous romp for teenagers .
Esforça-se para parecer ` picante ' , mas não tem coragem sequer de exibir o corpo de sua protagonista .
... it wants to show us how corrupt and abasing the porn industry is , while at the same time using an abundance of sex and nudity to sell its own product .
The best teen-comedy since American Pie .
`` The Girl Next Door '' is an adolescent fantasy for bookish boys who must also contend with their hormones . This is their outlet . Let the boy next door dream .
Think of it as a cute little movie about porn , if that 's possible .
Una relación amor-odio incisiva en un inicio , que inevitablemente recuerda a la vivida en la inolvidable Risky Business .
What seems to be another wishy-washy teen movie is actually a surprising little number that grabs the attention at the least expected moments .
Rich in cynicism and morally loose , it is nevertheless a fun film if you do n't take it seriously .
It is well-acted throughout and the script displays a fair amount of wit , all things considering .
Beautifully sprawling and terrifically funny ... it encapsulates the raw , careening energy and mirth of adolescence .
The Girl Next Door might have been another slice of American Pie if it was n't quite so unsavoury .
The American male hypocrisy toward sexually active women in general -- and porn in particular -- is at the center of the new comedy The Girl Next Door . Unfortunately , instead of being the movie 's target , it 's the subtext .
It 's not awful by any means , but it 's no great shakes either .
You can almost hear this movie ticking off its predecessor 's ingredients .
Yet , Greenfield and company finally won me over with a final so paradoxically smarmy and enchanting I almost could n't believe my eyes .
Hollywood used to be called the dream factory . A better name now would be the wet dream factory .
Elisha Cuthbert makes a huge big-screen splash worthy of Clara Bow or Brigitte Bardot -- almost .
... for the most part bounces along just fine on a shrewd combination of sweetness and danger .
The comparisons to Risky Business are inevitable , but like the song says , Today 's music ai n't got the same soul .
More daring than Risky Business and sweeter than American Pie .
An epic lurcher of a teen comedy , this is one homely girl next door you 'd be best to stand-up .
This is a teen comedy , not a weighty contribution to culture . In that light , it 's a good deal funnier , more clever and better done than most such offerings .
The formula is so conspicuous it 's practically written up on the screen as the movie is playing , and little else compensates for that .
Relies too heavily on a story usually reserved for the letters section of an adult magazine .
With a more focused plotline , The Girl Next Door might have surpassed its genre . Still , as far as teen sex films go , this one scores .
This film is a Risky Business for the new millennium .
Goes through more contortions than a Tijuana pole dancer as it tries to be all things to all people , and yet it works ...
Risky Business , while cynical and salacious , also had style , charm and heart . The Girl Next Door is just nasty , loud and empty .
A pleasant , disposable movie that you might secretly watch every now and again for years before realizing everyone else does it too .
The movie never provides any groundbreaking answers -LSB- about teenage sexuality -RSB- , but I give it credit for at least posing the questions .
The Girl Next Door wants to be more than a teen sex comedy - it wants to say something , but the narrative is so loose that it has no idea how to make its point .
It 's as funny as Elisha Cuthbert is sexy , and that 's saying a lot !
A fun flick with enough eye candy and laughs to keep us coming back for more .
Just another thoughtless teen film .
Paul Brickman deserves a writing credit . He was the writer-director of the 1983 Tom Cruise hit Risky Business and , for all intents and purposes , this film as well .
Nothing in this film makes any sense , and Stuart Blumberg , David T. Wagner and Brent Goldberg 's script merely gets more preposterous as it elaborates on its implausible premise .
I used to think that there was nothing worse than a bran muffin , but then I saw The Girl Next Door and really found out what ` dry ' and ` tasteless ' mean .
The picture feels fresh and audacious thanks to its smart script and sassy cast .
This funny , surprising gem joins the ranks of Risky Business and Say Anything .
Seems mainly about ripping off 1983 's Risky Business without attribution .
An entertaining affair whose wild-card creativity never ceases to surprise .
The film has a certain easygoing charm , choppiness notwithstanding , and delivers several big laughs .
The movie captures , on the most basic level of tone and attitude , what it feels like to be a teenager , a teenage boy in particular .
One of the tawdriest silly jokers of the year , or one of the few mainstream comedies to have a pinch of audacity . In fact it is both , mixed implausibly but somewhat entertainingly .
A much smarter and more engaging film than its smutty premise would suggest .
This is a dishonest , quease-inducing ` comedy ' that had me feeling uneasy and then unclean .
It 's got enough cute love to keep the attention of teenage girls everywhere ... but `` The Girl Next Door '' is too farfetched and contrived to be memorable .
If The Girl Next Door had been released last year , it could have billed itself as the 20th anniversary edition of Risky Business .
The best thing about The Girl Next Door is its attitude . The film opts for a straightforward approach to sex - one that teenagers will not only relish , but also appreciate .
Risky Business does n't need a remake , and even if it did , The Girl Next Door is an unoriginal attempt , despite its modern-day spin .
Greenfield ... is downright brazen in pinching the plot of Risky Business and dumbing down a sophisticated adolescent fantasy into a crude adolescent fantasy .
By the end , even the beautiful Elisha Cuthbert starts to look repulsive .
After empowering its heroine , it demeans her , which kills all the fun
`` The Girl Next Door '' is one of the classier teen coming-of-age films
This Girl 's split personality dooms this coming-of-age yarn
It appears to not only be made for hormone-crazed adolescents , but by them .
First-time director Luke Greenfield and his writers manage to blend adolescent male fantasies , modern-day teen life and the sleazy porn world in ways that surprise and amuse .
It 's not without its problems , but it 's character-driven , funny and , if not dark , then at least a pleasant shade of gray -- with tremendous performances by Hirsch and Olyphant .
What makes this dodgy scenario effective are the performances .
The film is like a hooker dressed up as a lady : It wants to pretend it has class .
It 's perfect for Maxim magazine subscribers , and an airbrushed , empty-headed bore for everybody else .
A coming-of-age story that delivers and does n't really stoop as low as it pretends to get its steady barrage of big laughs .
Did the writer lack opposable thumbs ? Was this edited with a machete ? Do the filmmakers hate women ?
Cuthbert provides a great deal of heart to this alternately lewd and chaste lark .
Raunchy but surprisingly warm and funny .
Unfortunately for this film , hormones do n't write reviews .
A stylish , sweet and saucy spring surprise loaded with laughs and unexpected smarts .
While not by any reasonable standard a great movie ... The Girl Next Door is a totally tasty one , a surprise treat concocted from only the most familiar mass-market ingredients .
Though shamelessly derivative and amoral , The Girl Next Door is nevertheless funnier and smarter than most of the pathetic dreck aimed at the nation 's teens .
Honestly , it 's interchangeable with any of those early '80s late-night cable staples whose posters featured close-ups of babes in bikinis .
At this stage in Hollywood history , any teen movie that does n't involve flying body fluids deserves some kind of commendation .
With its frankness toward sex , original storyline and the natural charisma and comedic timing of Hirsch , this rises above your regular teen flick .
A cleverly risqué teen sex farce that has much more in common with Risky Business than it does with the lowbrow body-fluid antics of the post - `` American Pie '' era .
Its premise is pure sex-farce , but its themes are introspective . It has , for all its audacious laughter , a wistful tone about it .
One assumes that for every three dozen cases of Sorority Boys , we 're due at least one winner like The Girl Next Door .
-LSB- It -RSB- captures contemporary teenage life with an observance rarely seen in movies , but its director Luke Greenfield does n't know where to take that sincerity .
Where the adults are consistently inept , ignorant , or dishonest , the kids are canny entrepreneurs .
Despite the cynical cleverness and slick direction by Luke Greenfield , -LRB- it -RRB- favors giggly juvenile humor over inspired satire and ends up not with a moral , but a moral vacuum .
Risky Business holds truer a little more each year and needs no facelift . The Girl Next Door is a damn good makeup job though .
If you 're going to ripoff another film , make sure it 's one that the public liked ... like Risky Business or Sixteen Candles .
If you think the idea of taking a porn star to your prom is funny -LRB- and I plead guilty -RRB- , here 's your movie .
Emile Hirsch has the perfect stricken alertness , and Greenfield has a marvelous joker up his sleeve in Timothy Olyphant as Kelly , Danielle 's quasi-pimp .
Endearing , funny and surprisingly satisfying , at least until it begins to self-destruct toward the end .
What is disturbing and frankly distasteful about The Girl Next Door is how slick and shameless it is in its eagerness to blur boundaries , to squeeze as much transgressive material as it can into a nominally bland and innocent form .
We 're a world away here from the crass -LRB- if not unenjoyable -RRB- slapstick antics of the American Pie series and closer to a sensitivity and nostalgia for all things awkwardly adolescent reminiscent of Cameron Crowe .
an unexpected surprise , a teen sex comedy that turns out to have heart and smarts
A lumpy blend of sweet teen romance and naughty , R-rated prurience , this comedy follows the improbable relationship between a high school senior and a former porn star .
It says a lot that while I spent the entire running time staring at Elisha Cuthbert , I still noticed an amazing performance by Emile Hirsch .
In the most cynical manner , this movie smugly attempts to have it both ways . The ultimate conclusion is all the more smarmy for trying not to be .
The plot is carelessly cobbled from dozens of previous teen flicks , with needless episodes added as space fillers .
The whole thing is cheerfully engaging , thanks to inspired direction by Luke Greenfield .
Gimmicky and predictable .
The Girl Next Door is to Risky Business what near-beer is to beer .
As horny and undisciplined as a 16-year-old , and it 's as formulaic as geometry , but it 's entertaining anyway because it takes that formula and executes it about as well as it can be executed .
So , could we have a new generation of teen comedy Brat Packers ? Sure . But writing and directing a la Hughes -LRB- or even Risky Business -RRB- is nowhere in sight .
What if you were a horny high school geek and a porn star moved in next door ? Your answer will surely outwit anything in this cut-rate Risky Business .
The whole movie is a fantasy , of course , but one that seems determined from the start to undermine our suspension of disbelief .
... wants to be a touching romance , when the status of dumb teen sex comedy would be a lofty goal for those involved .
Well matched with Cuthbert 's nicely vulnerable performance , -LSB- Hirsch and Cuthbert -RSB- create a believable relationship on screen , despite the contrived nerd-meets-sexpot circumstances .
Sexy , silly , sappy and often just plain likeable .
A teenage comedy about what happens to the moral fiber of a straight-arrow student who decides to `` just go with it '' in his public and private life .
Played with the wrong tone , Danielle could have been sleazy . Cuthbert makes her sweet , and seductive .
Real teenagers . Real controversy . Real funny .
For those us who can remember high school , an amusing and not so moral adventure is in store .
This is a teen comedy that 's not just for teens , but for adults who fondly remember the great teen comedies of their adolescent years .
If there were John Hughes movies -LRB- the good ones from the mid - '80s -RRB- being made today , they 'd be like this .
Mature enough to talk the talk but not nearly courageous enough to walk the walk .
Its red-light premise notwithstanding , the movie reflects certain realties of teenage life that always eluded John Hughes .
Contrived from the start but gets better as it goes along .
The focus is inexplicably drawn away from Danielle and placed on the antics of Matthew and his buddies , forcing the movie to deteriorate into just another chaotic teen comedy .
... try to do too much , which leads to problems with the movie 's tone .
Not your average teen gross-out comedy ... but a sweeter , kinder and more importantly , more original movie .
The nudity and profanity may be the reason for the R rating , but -LSB- Timothy -RSB- Olyphant is what gives the movie a dangerous edge .
Here 's a unique concept : Mix pornography and teenagers in a sweet romantic comedy .
Of course , once Danielle has awakened Matthew 's inner party animal , the girl next door becomes a mere bystander to her neighbor 's various wacky rescue ops .
In trying to add some spice to the customary formula , it winds up more tasteless than tasty ... a distinctly uneasy combination of light and shade .
Unlike American Pie , it does not rely upon bawdy antics and bodily fluids .
Plays like a late-night channel-surf through soft-core sitcoms , American Pie wannabes and '80s Brat Pack romances .
Look past the surface and you 'll see something more here : if not entirely original , then smart , enjoyable , and in its own way , quite special .
Move over , Farrelly brothers : You 're not the only show in town .
This year 's Risky Business .
Attention all teen romantic comedy films ! You 've just been one-upped .
A perfect **** gem with Risky Business brilliance .
Young moviegoers who think Risky Business is old business should find the new model provocatively entertaining .
A spicy hot tortilla full of laughs , romance and one hell of a stunning leading lady ... this year 's `` Risky Business '' ... entertains thoroughly
The movie that 's going to make Emile Hirsch a big star .
Yeah ! Just what we were waiting for : A recruiting film for teen pornography .
In its own way refreshing just for its willingness to go all the way .
Not just another teen movie ... seriously .
Marks its director and scripters as talents to watch and affirms that its young star , Emile Hirsch , is a big-screen natural .
The best motion picture about teenage life since Donnie Darko ... Has the power to become the defining teen picture for Generation Y .
A pleasant surprise , funny and sweet , yet far more sexy and daring than your average high school or college gross-out comedy .
Contain -LSB- s -RSB- a certain sophistication and frankness about sex and sexuality , and the way the world works when you look behind the curtains -- or worse , grow up .
There 's nothing new to this teen comedy ... , but it 's surprisingly well written and played , and despite the familiarity it keeps us laughing
The filmmakers end up with one too many Superman fantasies piled up on top of each other .
















@highlight

The movie borrows heavily from Risky Business , though Hirsch and Cuthbert are appealing leads .