Some hallucinogenic episodes and fantasy sequences do n't ' really work , but Radcliffe 's wild-eyed grit keeps us watching to the end .
With a solid performance from -LSB- Daniel -RSB- Radcliffe , Jungle could have been much better than it was ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In its best passages , the film manages to raise our adrenaline by showing the unpredictability that nature and man have in common . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If only because it is an account of real life , it 's an interesting tale that 's very easy to sit through and it marks some of Radcliffe 's best acting to date .
Some minor pacing issues aside , Jungle is , without a doubt , the most thrilling , exhilarating , and inspiring film I 've seen this year .
It 's an incredibly gripping tale , the suspense and terror made more so by the knowledge this is a true story .
This is a fact-based film that treads no new survival-drama ground , but it 's well made , gruelling and watchable .
Jungle most definitely expands on the meaning of the expression `` it 's a jungle out there '' .
Radcliffe throws himself wholeheartedly into the physical demands of this role and the result is a harrowing journey from which it 's hard to glean much optimism . The boy might live , but what will be left of him ?
By presenting the characters as psychological abstractions , McLean makes the story feel universal . He wants you to ask whether you 'd be capable of surviving an experience like this .
The direction is fine but the script and pacing is creaky to say the least , ultimately abandoning Jungle up the creek without a paddle .
Unfortunately , -LSB- Daniel -RSB- Radcliffe does n't have the breadth to find a middle register between grim , action movie determination and boyish charm , and suggest the required psychological complexity .
While Jungle is not the ideal showcase for any actor - the scripting is wispy and the pacing is inordinately slack - Radcliffe gives everything a red hot go from start to finish .
When all is said and done , it 's Radcliffe who makes you care about how it all turns out . He 's a truly fine actor .
This is a solid movie about man versus nature .
Extraordinary survivalist tale - and kudos to Daniel Radcliffe for rising to this grueling wilderness challenge .
An odd picture , never really achieving an identity as something scary or profound , often spinning its wheels with aimless scenes while star Daniel Radcliffe carries the film with a fantastically committed lead performance .
Daniel Radcliffe is on good form in this dramatisation of Yossi Ghinsberg 's memoir ... but Greg McLean 's film fails in an area where true-story movies should really be looking to pick up points : realism .
The real problem is that the film squanders its greatest source of tension : Thomas Kretschmann .
Jungle can never decide if it wants to go full Disney or veer hard into the grisly nature of its tale , and it is n't willing to do the legwork necessary to connect its two minds .
What follows is an extraordinary test of character , presented in sometimes less-than extraordinary fashion , although the river sequences are suitably hair-raising .
Despite Radcliffe 's committed portrayal , the film becomes muddled in the second half , meandering into flashbacks and hallucinations that do n't add much suspense .
Exploitation director Greg McLean chooses a numbingly middling approach to tell this true exploration story ; the movie is too blunt to be sympathetic but also too careful to be thrilling .
Unfortunately our journey with Yossi to these life-changing moments was preceded by an hour of humdrum meandering , so while we can appreciate just how important these revelations may be to him , it does n't necessarily translate to the viewer .
More time could have been spent developing the bond between the men , but ultimately this is quite gripping : a weepie bromance . You do n't see one of those every day .
-LSB- Director Greg -RSB- McLean does largely succeed here in telling a story that 's just as thrilling as its source material .
Despite its many obvious flaws ... Yossi 's story has enough weight on its own to render Jungle a moderately compelling survival flick .
The director of ` Wolf Creek ' does n't need to goose reality to grab us by the collar . Jungle proves it .
... an effective , inspiring bit of endurance cinema . And it has Radcliffe !
Hallucinations and fantasy sequences tend towards the tacky in a film that fails to make the most of an incredible journey .
Jungle attempts to dig into the inner life of its protagonist ... It does n't succeed ...
... feels more like a sequence of box-ticking perils than a genuine survival story , and the female characters -LRB- sexy traveller , sexy indigenous woman -RRB- are painfully two-dimensional .
It 's one of -LSB- Radcliffe 's -RSB- best performances - strong enough to help the film ride out its considerable bumps ...
Despite the considerable physicality of the movie , with its impressive cinematography and Radcliffe 's believable , all-in disintegration , it 's more earthbound slog than psychological deep-dive .
Strong performances all around keep the story from feeling like an exploitation shocker .
Daniel Radcliffe does what he can to elevate the survival story at the heart of Jungle , but the film 's awkward pacing and over-reliance on cliche hold him back .
Despite Mr. Radcliffe 's all-too-obvious dedication -LRB- his increasingly emaciated body , astonishingly , was not digitally enhanced -RRB- , he ca n't rescue a screenplay -LRB- by Justin Monjo -RRB- that cares more about the condition of his flesh than the contents of his head .
Radcliffe menaced by a hostile bush is far more entertaining as innuendo than actual drama . What might have been Deliverance in the tropics is rather a Dan versus wilderness yarn .
Radcliffe convincingly portrays a man slowly stripped to his barest self , driven along by little more than a primal urge to survive .
Jungle is fumbled fun for the first half but just about pithy enough to not seem longer than its running time .
If Jungle plays like another slice of survival porn , it does n't diminish the inspirational true story that lies at its heart .
Radcliffe suffers for his art , and his intensity convinces us to suffer along with him .
A true story of horror and trauma , the most extreme battle between man and nature that we can imagine . But it 's also an inspiring story of faith , and loyalty , and the ineffable resilience of the human spirit .
Greg McLean and screenwriter Justin Monjo faithfully hit the key plot points of Yossi Ghinsberg 's 1993 book Back from Tuichi but fail to sell the severity of the threats Yossi confronts .
McLean has a talent of displaying violence that 's genuinely shocking , in a world where audiences have become so desensitised to cinematic bloodshed .
McLean has picked an opportune moment to demonstrate his skills outside the bloodiest horror wheelhouse . Job done .
Chilling and harrowing , Jungle soars in strange and unexpected ways .
A knockout survival film about four guys who get lost in the beautiful but dangerous Bolivian jungle ... Terrific stuff .
This is a survival thriller without much in the way of you-know-what , and seems destined to land in the Amazonian bog into which films that satisfy neither grindhouse nor art house are sucked .
Inspiring survivalist dramatisations and pulpy genre thrills make for predictably awkward bedfellows , though Jungle brings enough spirit to each to remain engaging enough .
None of the cast wrestle much impact from the material . Even and especially Radcliffe , who is sent through the wringer in various terrible ways .

@highlight

Daniel Radcliffe does right by Jungle 's fact-based story with a clearly committed performance , even if the film around him does n't always match his efforts .