We 've never gotten the appeal of Cook , and this did nothing to explain it .
The cracking performances from Alba and Cook do wonders at papering over these creative fissures .
If you ca n't say anything nice , do n't say anything at all , right ?
The only plausible scenario in this movie is the idea that a woman would be so annoyed by Dane Cook , she 'd be willing to put a curse on him .
... a bit like being at an entertaining party ruined by a some obnoxious loud-mouths shouting obscenities .
Whether or not you appreciate Dane Cook 's spastic , hyperactive brand of observational humor , he can not be held solely responsible for the unmitigated disaster that is ` Good Luck Chuck . '
... comes off as the latest misfire from erstwhile comedian Dane Cook ...
Apparently someone out there thought it would be a good idea to capitalize on American 's love for penguins AND gross-out comedies .
A transparent excuse for a constant parade of topless females eager to assume a compromising position . The only thing missing was a cheesy porn soundtrack .
What is n't forgivable , though , is being boring , and Good Luck Chuck has all the engaging magnetism of an unflushed toilet .
To paraphrase one of Chuck 's girlfriends , this is a film that finds no shame in licking the sand off the balls of comedy .
Crude , vulgar and dispiriting to watch .
Shoddily written .
Cross the street to avoid this one .
Terminally unfunny
If it was n't for the presence of leading lady Jessica Alba , Good Luck Chuck would be lucky to get even a DVD release .
Good Luck Chuck has its moments - though the half-decent comedy moments are outweighed by the gags that fizzle and the cruddy loutish moments .
An unpleasant sex romp of the kind Robin Askwith made in the 1970s .
As dire a cum-com as ever shot its load on a cinema screen .
The script is so reliant on wish-fulfillment it forgets to add those important little touches : you know , wit , sincerity , characterisation , that kind of thing ... A very cheap shot - and hardly anyone calls him ` Chuck ' .
If Wedding Crashers is in your top ten rom-coms ever , you might not hate this . Otherwise , it 's too gross to be sweet and too sweet to be gross .
Average comedy that squanders its decent premise in favour of a splattering of unfunny gross-out gags .
A tedious stream of nightmarish deja vu .
Not funny or romantic ; too raunchy for all ages .
The movie goes out of its way to be offensive , even by today 's standards . The interesting thing is that it does it in an otherwise charming romantic comedy that 's actually funny .
The ultimate low point comes during the closing credits , when Dane Cook 's Charlie performs bestial acts with a stuffed toy penguin . As if grapefruit used in the same way as American Pie 's apple pie is n't bad enough .
The writers take the story precisely where we 've come to expect . That said , we 've certainly seen worse this year .
Who are these people ?
It 's our dumb luck that this movie has be foisted upon us .
A ramshackle piece of fleeting entertainment .
`` Good Luck Chuck '' is a soft-core male indulgence posing as a hip Hollywood good luck chuckle .
If you like slapstick , see it .
You could probably make a good movie out of Good Luck Chuck 's pitch ; that just did n't happen here . And I like a good , funny , smutty comedy ; the problem is that Good Luck Chuck is a bad , unfunny smutty comedy .
Cook and Alba generate about as much chemistry as a mongoose paired with a rattlesnake .
Good Luck Chuck is the anti-Superbad .
Can we finally just admit that Dane Cook is n't funny ?
Legislation needs to be passed guaranteeing that any movie in which Dane Cook appears will find his character smacked in the face with a shovel and dumped into an open grave .
Ewww ... gross !
This is an unoriginal , dull-witted , juvenile , crude , offensive , idiotic and pointless romantic comedy that makes no sense . None .
Good Luck Chuck is so undistinguished that it feels like an extended screen test .
I 'm tempted to suggest it was made for 13-year-old boys , but I remember being 13 , and I 'd have been offended if anyone had suggested movies this awful were made for me .
Only a truly unhappy , crabbed mind could possibly imagine most of these jokes .
An R-rated Doris Day film set in a shopping mall . Amazing enough , but who will pay to see it ?
The lucky people are the ones who decide not to suffer through this drek .
Yecch !
That the film even tries to be heartfelt is egregious in itself , but `` good luck '' finding it among the horrendously executed slapstick , equally disastrous gross-out humor , and so much blatant racism , homophobia , and scorn for everyone else .
If you 're expecting something smart from Dane Cook , you 're out of luck .
A poor man 's version of a Judd Apatow-style raunchy romantic comedy .
It casts aside all ambitions for cleverness or wit and instead focuses just on being crass . There 's no fun in that unless you 're a 13-year-old boy .
What if you took one of the underwhelming Matthew McConaughey romantic comedies like Failure to Launch and added T&A , gross-out humor , and the gorgeous Jessica Alba ?
` Superbad ' and ` Knocked Up ' got the delicate balance just right for this kind of raunchfest . ` Chuck ' apparently did n't get the memo .
The Jessica Alba/Dane Cook love match is degraded by vile jokes , a boorish attitude toward women and a smutty tackiness not seen since those stupid nudie-cuties of the 1960s .
Good Luck Chuck looks like the unscreenable bits of bad movies best forgotten retrieved from the cutting-room floor .
There is nothing good about this Luck .
It 's all rather messy in lots of ways . Fortunately the appealing presence and physical comedy of Cook and Fogler fill a lot of holes that would otherwise just be dirty ditches .
It 's worth mentioning for the third time that this movie is much closer to Caligula than Sleepless in Seattle .
Good Luck Chuck has laugh-out-loud moments , many more if you 've never outgrown giggling at somebody saying a naughty word .
It 's a sexed-up , dumbed-down Dr. T and the Women , with penguins to pacify women who 've been railroaded into going to this movie by their loutish boyfriends .
The main audience for Good Luck Chuck wants to confront one of the central cultural questions of our time : Will Jessica Alba take her top off ?
The sex jokes , all of them clammy and stale , are reminiscent not of Wedding Crashers but of an Eighth Avenue peep-show booth in 1979 .
There 's still time , but for now , Fogler gets my vote for the worst performance of the year .
The film 's key problem ? It 's not funny . But almost as fatal , Chuck ca n't even exploit its simple central premise right .
Let me say that I have seen this hump-obsessed raunch-com , but you have n't . And , hopefully , you 'll be working to keep it that way .
First-time director Mark Helfrich brings a ham-fisted insistence on the obvious and a tendency to overstate raunchy humor until the raunch becomes a bore .
A desperately unfunny mix of romantic and gross-out comedy .
Chuck actually goes much further and becomes more sexually crude than Apatow 's work , and its attempts to become redemptively cute are way too saccharine .
I could live with Good Luck Chuck 's determination to humiliate a cutie pie such as Alba and its ongoing cruelty toward obese women .
Here is the dirty movie of the year , slimy and scummy , and among its casualties is poor Jessica Alba , who is a cutie and should n't have been let out to play with these boys .
Some of the audience seemed to be having fun , but for me it was like a Farrelly brothers gross-out without the laughs .
No doubt , the outtakes on the DVD release will prove useful for recovering sex addicts and in vomitoria .
It 's a good device either for science-fiction or romantic comedy . But since there 's no intelligence to drive the jokes , the gimmick turns tiresome quick .
It 's stupefying in its dullness and vulgarity .
It 's a strictly date-night-rental affair , and if you still get Ryan Reynolds and Dane Cook confused , this will do little to help sort things out .
Please Hollywood , do us a favor . No more Dane Cook ! I think I 'll make a ribbon for this cause and start wearing it .
You too will find yourself saying , `` Better luck next time Chuck . ''
Alba manages to imbue the proceedings with a modest degree of charm , but the moment she exits the frame the movie stalls , unable to overcome the sheer blandness of its ostensible star .
-LSB- ... -RSB- they have about as much chemistry as John Hinckley and Jodie Foster
It is the audience who will feel cursed .
I 'd like to be able to say they could n't pay me to see this flick . Alas , it 's apparent I can be bought , and pretty cheaply too .
Amazingly , it is even worse than it looks .
To best summarize the violent tonal changes that plague Good Luck Chuck , imagine for a moment if Bachelor Party had a subplot concerning the events of 9/11 .
This is a lying movie full of lies . The first lie is that the mere presence of Cook is automatically funny .
Its very premise is enough to have you reaching for the remote after ten minutes unless you 're in the mood for breasts , dirty jokes and male chauvinism .
The film demeans women in almost every single way imaginable , relying upon crass and sickly stereotypes which could make a Stepford Wife look like a Camille Paglia feminist .
Does n't bode well for Cook 's movie career , and it 's just another in a line of feature comedies that would n't cut it even as television sitcoms .
a blow-to-the-crotch , boobie-shot kind of comedy
Normally , I start to get the dry heaves when I see Dane Cook on the big screen , but this movie makes him likable
If I had a choice between suffering through a Dane Cook film or the outtakes from Carrot Top 's Chairman of the Board , I 'd go with the latter .
Laughs are MIA in this month 's comic raunchfest .
A movie that simultaneously squanders its leads and its DVD extras .
Alba shines brightly as the beautiful , independent klutz who steals Cook 's heart . Maybe fate will see to it that appearing in this movie will guarantee her next role is a winner .
Cook has a nice comic personality but zilch in the way of comic material . But then , it 's not as if any of those teenage boys are going to care about that .
Raunchy in the extreme , Good Luck Chuck like its sexually jaded cavity expert , forlorn dentist Charlie , wants it both ways , juxtaposing Alba 's lovestruck innocent with Cook 's overcooked , reluctantly lusty flesh magnet .
It tries to be a sappy love story , an incredibly vile gross-out comedy and an envelope-pushing soft-core porno movie all at once . It ends up being an unappealing abomination .
There 's an audience out there for this kind of thing , but if this is what passes for funny , what in the world of comedy does n't qualify ?
-LSB- A -RSB- fetid romantic comedy ... In short , if it were n't for bad Luck then the chump Chuck would n't have any cinematic luck at all .
While only 96 minutes runtime , it felt far longer , prompting me to check the time repeatedly . Not a good thing for a romantic comedy .
Tony-winner Dan Fogler , as Cook 's childhood friend , is embarrassingly foul , and even criminally cute Jessica Alba is wasted , playing Cook 's painfully clumsy gal pal/penguin nut in this alternately warm and ugly ball of whacks .
The makers of this shameful waste of celluloid have padded their work with fat jokes , homophobic jokes , gratuitous nudity and various bodily functions , while harboring a fundamental hatred for women .
Does -LSB- Cook -RSB- want to lose the hip , smart 20 - and 30-somethings his comedy routines are aimed for and become a sort of second-rate Adam Sandler attracting teenagers who giggle like Beavis and Butt-head at shots of naked women and disgusting jokes about sex ?
... there 's an opening scene ... that 's little more than kiddie porn , leaving an ugly tast thereafter .
When a film has as much going for it as Good Luck Chuck did at the onset , and the magic is flying , it is positively heartbreaking to watch it all deteriorate by way of such glaring condescension .
The film is some sort of humor-deprivation experiment .
Dane Cook plays a dentist in Good Luck Chuck ... Having had braces , three tooth extractions , three bone graphs , and three dental implants , I can say with relative ease that none of that was as painful as watching this pathetic waste of celluloid .
Somebody please stop Dane Cook before he becomes a movie star .
Telemarketers should target fans of the movie because anyone who can buy Cook as a good-hearted dentist who travels to Guatemala to help sick children will buy anything .
Some movies are so scummy that after watching them you feel the need for a shower ; after sitting through this one , you might think a scouring pad is in order .
... wants to position itself as a first-date movie , but it 's a first-date movie for those who do n't believe in second ones .
The final screenplay is as devoid of real emotion as it is of real characters .
Despite a strong cast , the filmmakers squander a clever premise for a series of unoriginal , cheap jokes .
a lot of dirty-minded snickers , but not as many genuine laughs as you might have hoped for .
Gross . Exactly what the target demographic wants and gets .
Just when you think things ca n't possibly get worse , they do . And then some .


@highlight

A shortage of laughs and an undercurrent of mean-spiritedness undermine Good Luck Chuck , squandering a decent premise on gross-out humor and shopworn slapstick .