There are some powerful moments here in a film that will give many food for thought .
Bully seems a bit of a bully itself . Raw footage trumps raw feelings . Yet Bully is compelling
The isolation and loneliness of these children and the merciless bullying by other children will break your heart .
Does n't dig any deeper than surface-level pathos and cheap shots at school administrators .
A crock of bull by a director more interested in exploiting the subject than exploring it .
There 's no arguing with Hirsch 's message , but in order for his film to make the necessary impact , it must be mandatory viewing in every school -- for faculty and administration as well as for students .
One of the ten best films of 2012 .
A difficult film with no real answers to the dilemmas it poses ...
An intense look at bullying from the perspective of the victims .
Bully is not perfect , but everyone should see it .
This documentary asks more questions than it answers , but what Bully clearly demonstrates is that no one should suffer in silence .
Is it fair to criticize a documentary for being too persuasive when the subject matter is not only genuinely tragic - and tragically widespread - but also so rarely brought into the public domain ? That 's the question I struggle with .
Bully is all heart , no brain - which makes it an easily palatable doc to sit through .
For all its good intentions ... the film does not fight hard enough to rise above the emotions of the issue to explore real solutions .
It 's eye-opening to look at the `` bad '' schools but I was also hoping to see the `` good '' schools and learn about the initiatives that they 've taken to address the issue .
What should have been blindingly effectual is lessened by - ironically - a lack of killer instinct .
By exposing audiences to the stark realities of bullying , Bully just might encourage people to take it seriously instead of perpetuating the old adage `` it 's just kids being kids '' .
Bully is a solid documentary but one that 's built to garner a specific reaction . In doing so Lee Hirsch has missed an opportunity to go deeper into the issue , offering a faceless enemy to protest against .
There 's something seriously wrong with life in our schools . And Hirsch clearly believes the world must be shown the harsh realities of it .
Hirsch 's treatment does not especially engage us nor allow an emotional connection - surprising , considering the subject matter
-LSB- Hirsch -RSB- overplays the modern documentary trait to fill the final half-hour with website prompts and movement preaching , but one can hardly blame him given the closeness he obviously shared with his subjects .
Hirsch 's portrait imbues his everyday heroes with a dignity and grace that their tormenters obviously are too short-sighted to see and which shines in every frame of the film .
It got fairly dusty fairly often for this critic , despite my misgivings about the picture 's craftsmanship .
Bully 's unobtrusive and poetic style , subtly but surgically uncovers the prison-like social hierarchical structure cultivated in US schools ... It 's an affective , powerful , honest voice that demands to be heard .
Concentrates on the dire consequences it has for the victims .
Weinstein was right - ` Bully ' should be seen .
Bully ultimately comes off as a passable documentary that could 've used a much sharper focus ...
Hirsch wants to make you angry , to raise your blood pressure as a first step toward raising your consciousness . While he does n't make great cinema , there 's no doubt he makes his point .
` Bully ' is a heartbreaking documentary about the cruelty some children inflict on those they perceive to be weak . More crucially , it also reveals the almost criminal ineptitude of an adult establishment that insists on defining peer torment as horseplay .
Every year , someone does a break-your-heart documentary . Children bullying other children is the subject , and the movie is Bully . See this one .
Well-meaning but pallid documentary asks us to walk a mile in the shoes of five individual young bullying victims .
More than once during the film I had the queasy feeling the film was pandering to some unwholesome voyeuristic itch ... yet I meant it when I said this movie should be mandatory viewing in schools.cruelty . We ought to be sick of it .
more substantial content on this topic unveiled via CNN news stories .
The film has its powerful moments and its heart is certainly in the right place , but as a whole it feels too narrow in its focus , sacrificing the larger context for a sense of intimacy whose state-the-obvious dividends run out fairly early .
For despite the strong language that garnered it an R , Bully deserves -- nay , demands -- to be seen .
Timely and alarming , it 's a relevant ` must see ' for teenagers and their parents , perhaps opening a dialogue among family members .
The filmmakers do not show all sides of the issue and it does n't go far enough . It does n't help that the subjects are a bit bland and the only non-white student represented is a black teenager in Juvi ? Really ?
`` Bully '' is a bell-weather movie , which should be seen by every middle school and high school student in America .
Sure to start some conversations
Bully '' is as infuriating as it is heartbreaking . When a school principal calls her kids `` good as gold '' we want to throw something at the screen because she is so stupidly blind to what is happening .
At last a proactive campaign of awareness and action to defeat bullying is afoot . This documentary has already been lauded as a step toward that goal .
It does n't pull punches or try to paint a more palatable picture , director Lee Hirsch delivering his saga of kid-on-kid brutality with a didactic verisimilitude that 's decidedly chilling .
Where Hirsh is trying to represent how terrible bullying can be , he shoots himself in the foot by going after the most extreme and stereotypical cases .
An emotionally powerful snapshot of the problem that should serve as a valuable catalyst to public discussion .
Bully is less a checklist plan for eliminating abusive behavior than an emotionally powerful wake-up call for a society too long in denial .
Bully '' is smart and compassionate about the pain of its wounded subjects and the frustration felt by their parents , seemingly abandoned by the system . What the powerful film lacks is insight into bullying .
Hirsch seldom gets face time with any bullies or their parents , and he tends to ignore the complicated social and psychological patterns that feed the problem .
Your heart hurts for these kids , and the blood boils , too , at irrefutable evidence that these children are not safe in their schools .
The movie seems to be content to just say `` Bullying is a very real and very serious problem in American schools '' as loudly and clearly as it can .
Harrowing portrait of ordinary kids being assaulted verbally and physically , and a social system that does not protect them .
The personal approach still makes `` Bully '' worth seeing , letting other bullied kids know they 're not alone , and showing adults how dismissing bullying as `` kids will be kids '' does n't cut it .
By ignoring the perpetrators , Hirsch keeps the finger pointed only at the victims and the underfunded , overworked school administrators . In a way it feels like the bullies were yet again let off the hook .
A film that is as important for bullies to see as it is for their parents to see , so everyone can understand just how devastating a problem this can be .
The pic is important for many to see . But it ends up being akin to a medical film that shows the effects of an infection , but offers nothing in terms of explaining why it occurs or ways to treat it -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
For a film that understandably only scratches the surface of its topic , Bully carries a devastating emotional punch .
Do n't let that circus about the Bully 's rating obscure the quality of the movie .
It would have been nice if the film had reflected its title a bit more and looked at the bullies themselves - what drives one kid to torture another ? Is it a reaction to home life , is it fear , is it innate awfulness ?
`` Bully '' is a good start to a necessary conversation , but its loving voice is likely to be drowned out by haters who hide their own wounded hearts behind Internet pseudonyms and broadcast microphones .
There 's room for debate , and Bully , a well-intentioned but ultimately shallow exploration of an age-old dilemma , does n't seem to want to engage in it .
A maddeningly unfocused work that squanders a potentially powerful subject with a half-hearted approach that hardly does it justice .
I hope all middle schoolers and high schoolers will see this movie -- and parents , teachers , and school administrators , too .
`` Bully '' presents so many devastating moments that it 's hard to pick the most powerful one .
Hirsch never interviews the bullies or their parents , taking necessary steps to drill to the root of the problem . The perspective remains with the victim alone , losing the dimension of the examination .
`` Bully '' does n't need research or great filmmaking or narrative focus , per se . It needs only the shaming power of its relentlessness and a young audience open to sharing in that shame .
I think it could be argued that it ought to be mandatory .
What gives Bully its substance and power are the rich , detailed portraits of life at home for the victims ...
A deeply moving but highly selective look at the effects of bullying on children and teenagers .
Surely , a little objective statistical analysis would not have intruded upon the film 's emotionally wrenching , fly-on-the-wall perspective .
The best Hirsch 's film can do , in the end , is remind us that bullying means more than we admit , and its effects are n't always immediately clear , even to loved ones .
There 's nothing surprising or provocative in the film , which seems to want to reassure us when it should want to tick us off .
Heartbreaking as these stories are , `` Bully '' is too narrow in scope to be anything approaching definitive . Most notably absent from the film are the bullies themselves .
... as a launching point for discussion and activism , Bully is clearly necessary . But as a documentary that instructs or informs , it 's a bit of a disappointment .
Tackles a worthy subject and has its heart in the right place , but it 's still highly problematic for a variety of reasons .
Increased awareness is only the beginning .
Bully does n't offer solutions , it raises awareness , and does so remarkably well .
We feel sympathy for the victims , and their parents or friends , but the film helplessly seems to treat bullying as a problem without a solution .
No matter their age , show this to kids you care about , and tell them it gets better .
It presents a dramatic case for creating supportive communities that will stand up to those being bullied in the world . Now the onus is on all of us to play our part in making it happen .
The recent controversy about the MPAA 's initial R rating for Lee Hirsch 's documentary loses steam when you see the movie . Bullying in schools is certainly an important topic deserving closer examination than this .
The impact of this film goes way beyond feelings of uncomfortable and tragic .
Leaves one appropriately heartbroken and infuriated .
Bullying is a serious problem , too serious to get perfunctorily glossed over , which is what `` Bully '' does . The intent is admirable , the execution is not .
`` Bully '' is n't a very good documentary . The free ` It gets better ' campaign on Youtube is far more effective .
Tackles this headline-heavy topic by mixing moments of raw emotional power with intervals of somewhat suspect manipulation .
An intelligent and completely engaging film and it 's also an important social document that shows , in the experience of a few kids , a contemporary epidemic .
This is n't a usual doc depicting modern ills , bringing in expert opinion , the filmmaker shrugging off his bias by taking a walk over to the other side . He puts the issue in our hands . Uncomfortable . Provocative .
Hirsch 's documentary truly shocks by the two sets of outrageous bureaucrats it exposes : one cowers on-screen , and the other hides in the offices of the MPAA , America 's movie censor .
An eye-opening documentary that focuses on five youth who were bullied , including two who committed suicide , and how their families , schools , and communities respond .
There 's no doubt ` Bully ' should be required viewing in every classroom in America
Seeing is believing , and Bully must be seen .
What Bully does is offer viewers the potential to connect a growing network of like-minded people , and does so with elegant storytelling .
Bully feels too diffuse and simplistic to really do this topic justice .
Embedded filmmakers on the frontlines of the war on middle and high school kids who do n't fit in expose the battles they and their families face , survive , or , worse , lose .
This is the kind of subject matter that can be enraging or moving in the hands of the right director , but Hirsch fails to connect with either the heart or the head .
The best social documents on film do more than show you what 's wrong in the world - they make it personal . Bully does that with a passion .
It 's a topical and important film that incisively probes the bullying epidemic in contemporary American schools .
Should be considered required viewing for every parent , teacher and teenager in America .
The access varies widely , there 's far too much music telling us what to feel , and at the end its focus begins to drift . If it at least gets people talking , though , that 's a good thing .
A powerful piece of work that might make a difference if enough people see it .
Although it does n't dive deep enough into its subject , it 's still an affecting piece of work well worth seeing by both adults and kids .
An insightful and moving documentary .
Bully puts a virtual hammerlock on your heart .
A documentary as vivid as any horror film , as heartbreaking as any Oscar-worthy drama .
What `` Bully '' says about our species is dismaying , if unsurprising ... What it says about some educators in positions of power is troubling .
Bully is a wrenching , potentially transformative look at an epidemic of adolescent cruelty and adult paralysis in the nation 's public schools .
If you feel like you 've already read quite a bit about the documentary `` Bully , '' you have . But that still wo n't prepare you for the experience of seeing it .
Graceful cinematography captures the loneliness and isolation of these kids with understatement , even when the director succumbs to twinkling piano that pulls a tad too hard on the heartstrings .
Bully is effective as a document of the suffering that too many kids suffer at the hands of their cruel and sometimes possibly even psychopathic peers , particularly in parts of the country where the idea of `` normal '' is pretty narrow .
`` Bully '' forces you to confront not the cruelty of specific children - who have their own problems , and their good sides as well - but rather the extent to which that cruelty is embedded in our schools and therefore in our society as a whole .
A must see film for parents and their children , teachers and administrators , and pretty much anyone willing to make a difference .
Physical superiority and popularity are no longer prerequisites for grinding someone else down , which makes understanding bullying as essential as stigmatizing it . We are all bullies now .
This is an urgent and moral movie ; there should n't be a puritanical roadblock standing between it and its audience .
Bully is sufficiently powerful to impact a viewer regardless of age , but this should be mandatory viewing for kids between 10 and 17 .
Focusing on the experiences of five families , filmmaker Lee Hirsch offers simple , direct and eloquent testimony supporting the need for individual and group action against bullying .
A moving but somewhat myopic take on America 's newly anointed favorite childhood problem - schoolyard bullying .
Powerful , but incomplete . The focus is too narrow , and the bully side of the equation should have been examined . Only when we find some common ground between the bullies and the bullied can we begin to understand the problem .
Lee Hirsch is certainly one who is making a difference . I endorse him and his brave , powerful movie and urge you to see it for yourself . You might leave Bully with rage , but you will not leave Bully with indifference .
Bully is about having the courage to stand up to bullies - whether they 're in your child 's school or handing out ratings at the MPAA .
Suddenly , the sneaking suspicion that you 've merely been watching an extended PSA for the grassroots organization -LRB- Stand for the Silent -RRB- starts to take hold .
`` Bully '' is essential to see , whether you 're a parent or a kid , whether you 've been on the giving or receiving end of such increasingly pervasive cruelty .
It has a clear and calm approach to storytelling and some interest in the quality of its handheld images .
Leaves us moved by poignant scenes of victims ' shattered lives , but , for reasons unclear , keeps the bullies themselves largely out of our reach .
Gives painful yet inspiring voice to these bullied kids and their families . A great , eye-opening movie .
It is hard to not respect anything that asks us to respect the stories of the dead , and asks us how we might help the living .
Hirsch 's disturbing chronicle of a growing national problem is a must-see for children , parents , teachers , and administrators : This plea for action could serve as effective weapon of change .
-LSB- The directors -RSB- avoid charts and graphs , talking heads and sociology . Their approach is more direct and , perhaps , more effective .
Bully is repetitive and not especially artful , but children who allow themselves to see the world through the eyes of the film 's victims will never be the same .
Sad , timely and affecting documentary about this country 's bullying epidemic will move audiences but should wake up educational and law-enforcement authorities to take action rather than let these abuses continue .
Powerful documentary addresses critically important issue for kids .
director Lee Hirsch makes you feel the pain of young people featured in this film .
A call for empathy and action
It follows , over the course of a year , five sobering case histories of unrelenting schoolyard persecution .

@highlight

Hard-hitting and gracefully filmed , Bully powerfully delivers an essential message to an audience that may not be able to see it .