Poor J-Lo : there was a time when she co-starred with George Clooney , but 15 years on from Out Of Sight she 's just a third wheel in this uninspired vengeance caper wherein The Stath is shafted by the Mob and vows payback .
Randomly in the future you 'll come upon it late one night on Starz , watch twenty minutes or so , then change the channel .
A little more energy behind the camera and a different leading lady and Parker could have been something great . As it stands it 's a treat for Statham fans only .
As a tasty but un-nourishing rehash , it 's not bad .
The movie seems to suffer from a misguided attempt to chase the female demo .
The action flick does n't do much to wow you , but keeps things exciting .
Calling `` Parker '' run-of-the-mill insults the pleasures of the potboilers it 's trying to emulate . It feels like the product of misfits who broke into a mill shuttered on the edge of town and fired up the machines without understanding how they work .
Parker is a functional enough actioner but lacks pizzazz .
Hackford brings a sense of style and sure-handedness to the proceedings that is uncommon for films of this genre .
Parker is well executed , ultimately entertaining and totally consumable but hardly groundbreaking as action thrillers go .
Even adding Jennifer Lopez to the mix in time for her to strip and show off her infamous rear does n't add much in the way of silver screen sizzle .
Statham puts the fun back into discriminate , pornographic violence .
If Statham harbours ambitions of making a career-defining action thriller , Parker has to be seen as another opportunity lost .
... to see -LSB- Lopez -RSB- wasted here , forced to behave girlishly and neurotically and eventually become a hostage , is insulting .
We like you , Jason . You 're perfectly acceptable in near-silent , pseudo-Asian action nonsense . But you , sir , are no Lee Marvin .
Hackford approaches his task as if he 's seen one of the duffer Elmore Leonard movie adaptations of recent years , or at least had one described to him .
The film has some bone-crunchingly good action sequences , one decent one-liner and it 's all daftly watchable , but one suspects that this is more of a career high point for Statham than for Hackford .
Works well enough to prove -LSB- Statham -RSB- has more than physically demanding stunts in him .
Far better made than it has any right to be , this cheesy 70s-style thriller is given a thoroughly engaging kick by veteran filmmaker Hackford working outside his usual dramatic genre .
Slick , refined and so polished you can damn near make out your reflection on Statham 's forehead .
A mediocre , poorly paced thriller ...
It all just fizzles out .
It 's an overlong , arduous caper , drawn from the work of thriller writer Donald E. Westlake much as a patient 's tooth might be extracted with much banter and minimal anaesthesia .
Things get off to a flying start , but you just know your luck is n't going to hold .
Hackford does supply some genuinely hard-boiled thrills , including the briskly efficient opening heist and a bruising hotel-room tussle for Parker and a would-be assassin . But when Lopez wiggles and pouts her way into the caper , the film goes soft .
Under Taylor Hackford 's efficient direction , Parker delivers on all counts .
There 's a black hole of chemistry between Statham and Lopez .
Overall , it gets by , but bets are hedged when single-minded efficiency and ice in the veins would have been enough .
A moderately entertaining , no-frills crime caper shot through with enthusiasm by its talented cast .
It does sag in the middle but its witty enough to make realise how charmless the latest Die Hard film is .
Like Parker 's robberies , it is n't entirely successful , but Statham and Lopez make enticingly mismatched partners in crime .
`` Parker '' quickly settles into a lurching routine of explosive , predictable set pieces .
not masterpiece , but it 's fun , it 's clever , and it manages several surprises as Statham 's cinematic persona becomes a man of brains as well as muscle
Parker wants to be more than a standard action film , and those efforts , ironically , are what sabotaged any chance the film had to be good as a pure action film .
A middling action movie , neither great nor terrible ... efficient but completely unexceptional .
... a stylish but predictable cat-and-mouse potboiler about brutal dishonor among thieves .
He might have lost his edge , but Parker has n't mellowed in his old age . A sunny , silly , violent revenger that puts Statham in good company .
A cool , violent , efficient adaptation of the taciturn anti-hero -LRB- the creation of Donald E. Westlake , writing as Richard Stark -RRB- , who 's out to restore order in a bloody world in his own bloody way .
It 's above-average because of its fascinating cast . ` Parker ' will come as no surprise to fans of Jason Statham 's other R-rated actioners . It 's the assemblage of this ensemble piece that 's a pleasant surprise .
` Parker ' will come as no surprise to fans of Jason Statham 's other R-rated actioners . It 's the assemblage of this ensemble piece that 's a pleasant surprise .
Twenty years later , it turns out that Statham may be the last real action hero .
Implausibly violent and burdened by the pace destroying presence of Jennifer Lopez , it 's still an entertaining addition to the vengeance genre , thanks to Statham .
I fear he might get beaten up at the box office ...
For an old-fashioned crime thriller , you need real pros . Mr. Statham is to acting what Taco Bell is to nutrition .
Somehow you just expect more of a Jason Statham movie than this .
Short on standard Statham action , Parker is an unremarkable but -LRB- mostly -RRB- satisfactory crime tale worth checking out .
Oh Jason Statham , will you ever stop making the same movie over and over again ?
A B-picture in the classic mold : unambitious but precise .
Statham is ever-reliable as a leading tough guy , but he gets saddled with the unwinnable task of teaming up with a silly , unnecessary sidekick played by Jennifer Lopez .
The performances are n't to blame here , but unfortunately everything else is : bad story , worse script , and useless subplots make `` Parker '' an action ride for which you wo n't want a ticket .
Poster quote : `` Parker , '' a film that 's a little better than you 'd expect !
Parker 's vengeance is n't thrilling , there 's a pointlessly developed non-love triangle , even the glam settings look cheap , and the tough-guy exchanges are inexplicably flat .
Underdeveloped , uneven , low-budget B-movie , a muddled crime-thriller that 's not worth the price of admission .
The absurd pairing of Jason Statham and Jennifer Lopez has paid off for director Taylor Hackford .
The opening credits are a major clue that this early-in-the-year release was going to be decent .
Jennifer Lopez is the albatross around this movie 's neck . Whenever she 's on screen , it 's garbage . When she 's not , Parker is actually quite a bit of fun .
For fast-paced , no frills , mindless action , you could do a lot worse than Parker .
Statham delivers everything he is supposed to , and everything we want him to , but the rest of the movie does n't deliver much of anything -- except the awkward sensation of watching a big movie with high-profile stars sputter .
Hollywood has n't butchered Parker-which is to say that it has let him remain a butcher .
There 's little to distinguish Parker from a host of other generic Jason Statham pictures .
Although working with material that is lackluster even by his standards , Statham manages to demonstrate a commanding screen presence that can not be dismissed .
`` Parker '' winds up with the worst of both worlds : It 's pointlessly violent and nauseatingly cute .
You can use electricity to make ice , which is pretty much what Statham does in Taylor Hackford 's jaggedly satisfying thriller , Parker .
A taut , believable and beautifully played film noir .
Generic action flick has high body count , predictable plot .
A formula action movie that hits its formula marks as if no one expected more . I do expect more . So do Westlake fans . This Parker spits in our collective eye .
A standout crime thriller at the beginning and end , but takes some ill-advised , not-very-interesting detours in its middle third .
Statham stands as one of the few contemporary action stars with the personality and physicality to carry a big-budget shoot - 'em - up . Here , he also successfully manages to make a character already played memorably by some pretty talented actors all his own .
Parker turns out to be a big letdown as it brings nothing new to the crime thriller genre , and it is not likely to stay with you long after the credits have finished .
The movie is a morals-free procession of bang bang bang ! and blood blood blood ! , and men slamming each other with blunt objects and slicing each other with blades .
The elements do n't combine to any great effect , leaving this adaptation from the work of pulp novelist Donald Westlake feeling lacklustre and a bit old fashioned .
The action scenes are crisply directed , brutal , and invigorating . There are several of them and , in the aftermath of two , Parker is left a bloody mess .
Statham allows himself to be goofy on occasion as well , which is why this ranks as one of his most enjoyable performances to date .
Eventually , the simplicity of Parker gets the better of it .
Parker ticks enough boxes as an action film to score a positive review .
This is classic grindhouse material pretending to be something it 's not .
Though Parker starts off fairly strong , the action gets more predictable as it meanders toward its conclusion .
Parker has a few good fight scenes , but overall it wastes its cool ensemble cast and never really amounts to much more than a TV episode of a crime show .
It 's a messy effort with plot holes galore , yet director Taylor Hackford manages to convince with the essential elements . Just do n't think about the details too hard .
Under Hackford 's direction , there is more to `` Parker '' than explosively staged action sequences -LRB- though there are plenty of those -RRB- .
It 's made with such skill and smarts that it stands above such eye-rolling blow - 'em - up fare as Arnold Schwarzenegger 's The Last Stand .
It 's an uneven but fairly enjoyable ride , one that benefits from Statham 's cool , capable presence .
They make Statham talk too much . And Lopez ? Thanks for stripping .
In a world of pumped up , hyped-up action stars , Statham is one of the few who looks like a genuine man of action . Like Parker , he gets the job done . And then he moves on .
Parker has a lot going for it .
Hackford struggles to find an equivalency for Westlake 's spare , hard-boiled prose .
`` Parker '' should have stayed parked .
`` Parker '' is watchable chiefly for Statham , who exudes effortless cool and excels in hand-to-hand combat , as well as demonstrating his skill at wielding some very unlikely weapons .
Is n't as fun as we 've come to expect from a typical Jason Statham movie , and is n't as classy as we 've come to expect from an atypical one .
Other than one great fight scene , PARKER is a lazy , tedious film .
It starts off as a generic heist-gone-bad film , and then turns into GIGLI during the second half , when Lopez shows up .
Parker 's not very good . It 's not worth seeing on a lark . It 's probably not even worth seeing on disc . It 's just a muddy mess of a thing , and the only thing that it convincingly stole was almost two hours of my life .
One of those movies that may have looked better on paper and probably should have stayed there .
Screenwriter John J. McLaughlin has rendered a faithful adaptation of `` Flashfire , '' one of the 24 novels filled with Parker 's meticulous schemes and personal machinations .
Take that , Nicholas Sparks .
The most distinctive thing about `` Parker '' is its title .
If `` Parker '' is , in the end , business as usual , it is also a pretty good deal .
It 's not very often you can blame a bad movie on a secondary character . Jennifer Lopez earns that dubious distinction in Parker , dragging down what would otherwise be just another generic Jason Statham actioner .
Much gunplay and bloodletting ensues . The body count is high . Intrigue is low .
A little more effort -- from anyone -- might be nice .
If you 've ever wanted to see the camel that 's the result of that proverbial horse-building committee , check out Parker -- and the hump , you 'll pardon the expression , is the character played by Jennifer Lopez .
Statham is stepping into a well-known persona . But he 's not exactly pushing himself outside his comfort zone ; he 's on auto-pilot here , despite the obvious physical demands of the part .
As an especial embarrassment , here Jason Statham 's superficial manipulability is put in service of corny capering and costuming .


@highlight

Jason Statham is game as usual , but Parker is a thoroughly generic and convoluted heist movie .