One of the real pleasures of watching this film is watching Bill Nighy work his vain , preening character for all it is worth . He steals every scene he is in , and even shows off his singing voice at the film 's wrap party .
Their Finest is that thing you did n't think you needed - yet another World War II story - yet are so happy to have found .
Their Finest is a nostalgic , jolly hockey sticks moving picture . But there 's absolutely nothing wrong with that .
Their Finest is a prime example of the Brits doing humour as they do it best . All the actors seem to be having a whale of a time , and it 's impossible not to feel the same way .
Although predictable in parts , Their Finest remains an interesting story that is delicately laced with an appropriate level of tragedy given its war-time setting .
All in all , `` Their Finest '' is an amiable and pleasant movie ; a bit funny , a bit sad .
It is a simple tale of war and love , with teasing strands of feminism and sexual orientation woven into the mix , writ in small human terms .
`` Their Finest '' is a crowd-pleasing paean to making and watching movies .
Their Finest mixes both comedy and drama in this behind the scenes making of a propaganda war film and does so in a way that makes the film feel authentic to the time period .
The Danish director pulls tears and laughs from the material , and touches on social issues that a contemporary audience will appreciate .
Claflin , still only 30 , quietly dominates every scene he is in , while Arterton is as good here as she has ever been . Better , even . But it 's the supporting performances that make Their Finest such a joy for those who enjoy top-flight acting .
Their Finest realizes it may not be able to achieve all of its conflicting objectives , as the bombs rain down around them . But -LSB- Lone -RSB- Scherfig 's film continues to engage and surprise us with its wit , skill , and heartfelt emotion .
I recall that it was moderately likeable but do n't really remember why .
Director Lone Scherfig keeps the story true and zippy with extra ounces of reality . Their Finest is really fine .
-LSB- Lone Scherfig -RSB- has made a movie that juxtaposes smiles and heartbreak and emerges on the far side of maudlin .
This is as much a feminist picture as it is an excellent drama .
Their Finest is a joy to watch , if not for Scherfig 's direction than for Arterton 's leading performance , a mixture of affronted gumption , feminine stoicism and vulnerability that adds up to towering portraiture .
Romance and humor flow with a stunning naturalness , and one wonders how even with such an irregular raw material the British industry manages to always show its more photogenic profile . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a romantic tribute to a bygone era when filmmakers happily made propaganda to help the war effort .
A pleasant story of the liberation of women in World War II . Almost . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Their Finest is poignant , well-acted , and at times , pretty fun to watch .
To be absolutely blunt about it , `` Their Finest '' is one of the finest films of the year thus far .
Their Finest is , in places , funny enough to throw the darker moments into relief and make the movie tonally intriguing .
Mixing a range of genres , Their Finest is a likeable crowd-pleaser that offers drama , comedy and romance .
As sure-footed and satisfying an entertainment as I 've seen so far this year . It 's the kind of movie you can point to when people say they do n't make 'em like they used to .
You wo n't be surprised by what happens in Their Finest , but you 'll probably like it .
There might not be a lot of depth to this fluidly directed slice of nostalgia - Danish director Lone Scherfig does n't dwell too long on the realities of war - but it does brim with warmth .
There is a world war going on but people still want entertainment .
If you enjoy dry British wit and broad satire , understated but deeply felt emotions , and Bill Nighy at his quirky best as a narcissistic , aging leading man , this one 's for you .
Lone Scherfig may be Danish , but she 's knows precisely how to make a Brit flick tick .
Nonetheless , Their Finest is one of the few movies about making movies that is fun to watch in its own right . If you have trouble telling one end of a camera from another , you 're still likely to enjoy it .
The modest insight into the period is overwhelmed by sentimentality .
It 's the attention to detail that makes this so much fun to watch , including a willingness to let the plot twist in some unexpected directions along the way .
Arterton is excellent , her chemistry with Claflin absolute perfection , the two actors disappearing into their respective roles .
It 's a blend of pathos and industry satire that works quite well .
Sherfig perfectly balances the comedic romance & period drama elements to make Their Finest a pleasantly entertaining watch .
Scherfig has shot the film in a soft-focus wash of chestnut and sepia tones -- the colours of nostalgia -- and the screenplay catches Evans ' tone without being quite as funny as the book , despite Nighy 's Ambrose .
It 's hard to give the polite nod to light fare that suddenly reduces its lightness to rubble .
This has a fine performance by Arterton -LRB- who really should be a big name in Hollywood by now -RRB- , some terrific on-set humour and a bold final act that does n't quite go the way expected .
There 's plenty of sweetness , satire and insight inside - and a gentle yet clear rallying cry against sexism as well .
Sly , bittersweet romantic comedy - with a tasteful feminist twist .
There is lots going on but it works very well . Nighy 's schtick is more nuanced than usual and Arterton and Claflin are great , individually and together . Sweet , cameo-laden and really enjoyable .
In its own way , an utterly sublime and sentimental look at WWII , the ways movies were made back then and the role women were to come to play in the workforce of the civilized world .
It is desperate , and I mean desperate , to present a niche angle on an event that , by definition , does n't remotely need niche angles or sexing up .
Three cheers for Nighy who is a hoot and rather touching as an old ham past his sell by date , even if it is ironic that in a film that celebrates female empowerment the most colourful and charming character is a man .
Arterton brings a grace and dignity to the role , which suggests reserves of courage in her character that the screenplay only hints at .
It 's immediately clear that filmmaker Lone Scherfig , along with scripter Gaby Chiappe , is n't looking to cultivate an atmosphere of subtlety here ...
It becomes their Finest Kitchen Sink .
A real treat that fans of quality film making and stellar performances should definitely add to their 2017 must-see list .
Balancing wit and romance against a life-or-death drama can be a tricky balance . Their Finest stumbles a little around the middle , but recovers well enough to produce a satisfying film .
There 's something appealingly old-fashioned about Their Finest , a film that recalls with warmth and humour the glory days of British cinema , and includes some lovely acting , particularly from Nighy .
Stories to inspire a nation have long made up a sizable percentage of Hollywood schlock , and Their Finest deserves credit for exploring a woman 's role in such an effort .
In its modest , largely comic way , it paints an unusually convincing picture of how films are shaped by factors beyond the control of any one individual .
Their Finest may not be a particularly thrilling roller coaster , but its continual shifts between being brilliantly funny , progressive and poignant and downright tragic mean that you are constantly kept on your toes .
Yet another excuse to snuggle down with some cosy wartime nostalgia .
Their Finest is not the kind of film on which wars are won , but it is exactly what a key demographic loves at the Australian box office . A calculated crowd-pleaser .
There 's the inevitable love triangle as Catrin is torn between Ellis and Tom , but much of the film professes to depict how a film like this would be made in 1940 , and it 's here that Their Finest falls short .
Their Finest is a fond look at a time of British pride and pluck , when a woman could find her inner resources and get the job done . The Ministry of Information would have loved it and ordered five more just like it .
Their Finest is not on the same level as Scherfig 's best film , An Education , but it 's a good period piece and quite enjoyable as such .
Scherfig 's touch here is vivid and rich , like a tapestry . She stays at ground level and avoids any kind of pandering to the audience .
You 'll walk out of the cinema wanting to be nice to people , which is no bad thing right ?
The excellence of the cast is but one of many reasons to see this film .
It may seem like a soft-centred romp but there is often more to Their Finest than meets the eye .
The atmosphere of threat leavened by a never-say-die optimism is subtly conveyed and a superb ensemble cast all pull their emotional weight around the leads .
Though it stays pleasingly light , using a beautifully balanced cast of old stalwarts and rising stars , Scherfig 's film never sugarcoats the issues .
An Education 's Lone Sherfig directs , but Powell & Pressburger this ai n't .
Although the narrative for Their Finest occasionally rambles ... it is by-and-large a stirring drama that incorporates lighter moments with scenes of deeply felt tragedy .
It 's the kind of handsome , rousing , rigorous entertainment you ca n't help but play along with .
Drenched in a sweet nostalgia that only very rarely tips into sentimentality .
The wholesomeness and embraceable spirit will strike a chord with the sort of moviegoer drawn to such a film . But that does n't mean it 's as good as it could have been .
Establishing the mood , Arterton is chirpy , saintly , sturdy . And , in the vernacular of the time , mustard with the slop .
You 'd need a heart of stone and a funny bone of porridge not to enjoy this sweet-natured and eminently lovable British film - a 1940s adventure , with moments of brashness and poignancy .
The production makes charming use of the no-budget film-within-the-film and of its talented , likeable ensemble .
`` Their Finest '' is a charming and thoughtful movie , about people making a charming and thoughtful movie .
Grows into something special , powered forward by Arterton 's charming central turn .
A very enjoyable romp through familiarly enjoyable territory ... Watching how digestible propaganda was made at the highest levels of the British war effort is fascinating ... much of the film , and certainly the premise , is great .
Everything about this modestly appointed all-ages affair just feels right . Their Finest certainly wo n't change your world , but it definitely will brighten it for a few hours .
Funny , tender and touching , this is a well-crafted story with plenty to offer .
Funny , smart and deliciously unpredictable .
The always-welcome Bill Nighy is perfectly cast as the British film star Ambrose Hilliard , and Jake Lacy pulls major comedy out of the all-American boy who ca n't act .
-LSB- An -RSB- entertaining and insightful romantic drama .
If you liked The Imitation Game , then this is not for you .
A true breath of fresh which will devastate as well as delight .
Anchored by a superb Gemma Arterton , Their Finest is a funny , winning , beautifully acted ode to working women and cinema .
Could 've been ` War , Actually ' - but this witty , sophisticated and unexpectedly sober romcom never falls into the obvious traps .
The humour is British - low key but often barbed - and the filmmakers manage to control the tone of the film through the many elements of the human experience from love and art to death and broken relationships .
Authenticity and optimism is the brief for a film to inspire a war-torn England in this charming and funny film from An Education 's Lone Scherfig .
At its best , which is often , Their Finest ... manipulates appearance and reality , relief and recognition , with exquisite finesse . As befits a film about making films .
A World War II comedy that , despite its light hand , never compromises the grief and loss that lie at its core .
The movie might not be perfect , but a poised and assured Arterton -LRB- `` Runner Runner -RRB- shows she is a fine leading lady .
Arterton is charming . Nighy is wonderful , first Oscar worthy turn of 2017 .
As polite , charming , and English as its star Gemma Arterton , who sails through the chaos and calamity with the good sense , pluck , and grace of a motherly angel .
Deftly balances humor and drama to fashion a picture of life under wartime stress that 's both richly funny and occasionally quite moving .
There are n't many movies about the propaganda machine during the Second World War , but Lone Scherfig 's smart , heartwarming take on the efforts of the British film industry makes up for the sparse coverage .
Director Lone Scherfig deftly captures the period , in terms of the filmmaking process and techniques ... as well as the look and atmosphere of dread in the background .
As assembled by An Education director Lone Scherfig and veteran TV writer Gaby Chiappe , all the parts here work together beautifully .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a handsome film that captures the time and place , and is unashamedly nostalgic . Every style cliche from the era has been evoked - in both Scherfig and Catrin 's films - but it 's a blessing rather than a curse . Their Finest is impossible to resist .
Scherfig is looking to make a forgettable light-hearted comedy-romance , and in that respect she has succeeded . If you want something grittier , there 's always Dunkirk .
The heart of `` Their Finest , '' of course , is the making of the propaganda film that will fulfill the goal to be `` authentic and optimistic , '' even if it is all a fabrication to soothe the masses to endure the war .
Charming period detail but underwhelming characters make this a backdrop without a story .
This love letter to cinema 's unifying and inspiring power is a love story , a workplace comedy and a celebration of the human spirit . . `` Their Finest '' accomplishes all this and features what may possibly be the most unexpected on screen death since `` Psycho . ''
Scherfig sets so many plates spinning in this Second World War romantic drama , part of the film 's great appeal is wondering if they 'll come crashing down .
A woman has been given a chance to find her voice , and she has given the country a reason to endure another day or week of bombing . It 's a movie about battles worth fighting .
Their Finest may ultimately be the best words to describe the amalgamated work of all participants in this film .
A war film , yes , and a film about empowerment and romance . But it 's also a movie about movies .
Lone Scherfig 's latest film is not her finest . This is a shame , as it has all the ingredients for a great yarn -- but the movie can not decide quite what it is .
Their Finest is so skilfully constructed that you may not even notice it 's a perfect replication of the genre it salutes .
Sparkling WWII drama offers different take on toll of war .
... blew me away ... Highlighted by award-quallity performances by Gemma Arterton and Bill Nighy .
-LSB- A -RSB- heartening and inspiring love letter to filmmaking , and in particular female filmmakers .
Their Finest is a lovely and stirring film , the kind of movie that reminds the audience that bravery comes in many forms ... You can call that propaganda , but it also makes for a good story .
As enjoyable as it often is , I found myself resenting somewhat the film 's insistence on the redemptive powers of movies during wartime .
I was enchanted and overwhelmed by it and my prediction is that , if you care about filmmaking , you will be , too .
Genial and engaging with a fine sense of humor , it makes blending the comic with the serious look simpler than it actually is .
The fluid mix of genres and tones helps make Their Finest better than many other period films of its ilk .
Love and laughter flow so naturally in `` Their Finest '' that it is almost -LRB- almost -RRB- easy to forget there 's a war on .
I think there is something genuine and thoughtful and non-aggrandizing about Their Finest , a humble movie that nonetheless hits some big chords-ones we 've heard many times before , sure , but only rarely played so deftly , so gently .
Their Finest is one of the smartest , funniest and most surprising movies I 've seen in years .
Attempts to wed a '30s - style workplace screwball comedy with a misty-eyed World War II drama and , save for a few patchy spots , mostly succeeds .
While the story loses its footing in the final third of the film , Their Finest does boast a fantastic cast that manages to keep you invested in the narrative even after it feels like it 's over .
Part drama , part comedy , part tragic love story and a whole lot of World War II nostalgia , in the end Their Finest subliminally makes two strong statements .
Delivers in a way that would please the Ministry of Information : it 's rousing and emotional , there are laughs and tears , and it portrays people trying and , mostly , succeeding at being their best selves in the service of their country .
Delightful dry and snarky satire on wartime propaganda , sharp feminist commentary , and a brilliant cast make this snappy historical dramedy a real corker .
Inspiring , funny and genuinely romantic , Their Finest is a solid , refreshing crowd-pleaser .
Their Finest nimbly sidesteps inspirational pomposity and lands on a refreshingly utilitarian approach to the art of writing and producing a war movie .
Intimately focusing on its main character 's personal triumphs , its refusing to fall into heavy-handed polemicism .
Arterton carries it along with her charisma and her subtle emoting elevates a film that too often plumps for the obvious .
Arterton brings grace and understatement to Catrin 's gradual belief in herself and in the magic of movies , while Claflin reveals maturity and dry humor that will be a surprise for audiences who know him primarily from his Hunger Games role .
Scherfig and debutant screenwriter Gabby Chiappe ... make some sharp feminist points about the way men during WW2 hung on to their condescension even as they grudgingly allowed women to fill new roles .
Huge fun .
Mixes its boldfaced messages with some that are more subtle , designed seem into the audience 's subconscious .
Hilarious and charming . Bill Nighy should be in every movie .
It 's quite reminiscent of ` The Imitation Game , ' which will be a recommendation to some audiences and a warning to others . You know who you are .
The play within a play never fails .
Arterton is perfect as Mrs Catrin Cole , simultaneously luscious and reserved .
Even though ` Their Finest ' falters at the end , it 's still a mostly pleasant film featuring charming performances and some thoughtful subtext .
Chiappe 's screenplay , based on Lissa Evans ' novel Their Finest Hour and a Half , unfortunately suggests that even someone as spirited as Cole can only find true worth in the reciprocated love of a man , and not her work .
Even the horrors of the Blitz feel too gentle here , and the film 's attempts to depict them sometimes even backfires .
A relentlessly charming romantic comedy that sees director Lone Scherfig ... finally expand the sensibilities she displayed with `` Italian for Beginners '' and `` An Education '' into a more commercial direction .
Scherfig 's sentimental approach favours easy laughs and warm romance but the film starts to cut a little deeper in its closing stages .

@highlight

Carried along by a winning performance from Gemma Arterton , Their Finest smoothly combines comedy and wartime drama to crowd-pleasing effect .