A minor film on this sort of scale is always a major gesture .
The Expendables is more than just your average action movie ; it is the action movie of the year uniting the grittiness and soul of the old genre with the special effects and coolness of the new genre . See it .
Trust me , -LSB- there 's -RSB- a scene you need to witness with a crowd that whoops and cheers , which is really what this film demands of its audience throughout .
Some kind of meatheaded masterpiece , it 's cinematic junk food of the highest order .
What The Expendables does right is it caters to its fans . It knows exactly what they want and it delivers a a pure , adrenaline-fuelled thrill ride with some great action .
The action scenes are huge and excessively violent on a scale not seen since the closing scenes of Commando . At one point , in the absence of any buildings to detonate or ammunition depots to destroy , I think I saw an explosion explode .
What we end up with is an incomprehensible , overly-long explosion-fest that could have easily been retitled `` A.D.D. : The Motion Picture . ''
the kind of all-out , over the top action movie they just do n't make anymore , which is probably a good thing because the human brain can only take a movie that provides the equivalent to getting three consecutive adrenaline shots so many times .
I like the idea of this movie much more than how it actually turned out .
This has been clearly aimed at - pardon the pun - diehard action film fans . Anyone else , who might expect a vague sense of irony , will be sorely disappointed .
... It 's a little like meeting up with old friends , only to come away deflated , realising you just do n't have that much to talk about any more .
Stallone , with his highly unusual current face , is so busy making googly eyes at Statham and nursing a man-crush that he forgets that the goal of this movie is MORE KILLING .
If you are a connoisseur of the Steven Seagal flavor of direct-to-DVD action film , seeing all these guys up on screen actually is a lot of fun . It does n't make it a good movie by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's still a lot of fun .
The movie had been billed as a throwback to the action flicks of the 1980s , but that pitch turns out to be false advertising .
The rest of the mayhem is simply ultraviolent , nonstop , and numbing . Better jokes might have helped .
Unnatural but kind of remarkable .
Provides a decent , if not totally fulfilling , fix of that something we miss .
Certainly not a great film , but an enjoyable slice of surprisingly low-key , classic '80s action filmmaking complete with an awesome cast .
... a perfectly enjoyable mercenaries-on-a-mission-of-redemption adventure with a mix of testosterone-fueled camaraderie and this-time-it 's - personal seriousness .
Suitable for a night of cold beer , chili , and a hot woman at your side ...
The film 's climax delivers and delivers and just keeps topping itself , making it possibly the most satisfying experience since cheeseburgers after a very big night .
Final notes : this is a movie in which Dolph Lundgren is expected to convincingly portray a junkie and have an American accent . Also , Jet Li plays a character called Yin Yang . Do with this information what you will .
If the plot line does n't leave you numb with disbelief , the excessive explosive outbursts and viscerally edited dismemberments will drop you , or someone you care about , wet in the seat .
It was a walk through 1984 and it was a pretty decent stroll .
It 's fun to see this aging cast together on screen , but the movie is junk . The one-liners are n't funny , the dialogue is tedious , and the action itself is prosaic and repetitive .
Equal parts self-conscious joke and sly throwback to low-budget action movies of the 1970s , The Expendables works its grindhouse cliches until they work ... at least , they work for anyone who fondly remembers the sleaze of yesteryear .
Ljubitelji akcije neće biti razočarani količinom `` ore '' i `` ege '' , uključujući i obavezni zavrni obračun gdje ačica junaka rastura cijelu vojsku negativaca
How many actions stars does it take to get audiences into theaters ? THIS many .
The entertaining action scenes are as weighty and gnarly as the actors ' grizzled mugs .
Wow , I have n't seen this much over-the-hill action since Don Ameche and Hume Cronyn did laps in Cocoon .
Stallone Ca n't Choose Between Thoughtful Meditation of Age and Violence or Just a Cheesy Throwback to the mid-80 's . A Pity .
The Expendables is admirable for bringing these actors all together , but shameful for not having the integrity to do anything of value with them .
humble , subtle and restrained
We can understand the need to have a support group for elderly action heroes who want to relive the glory years . But did they have to release it as a film ? Unnecessary .
Except for ` youngster ' Jason Statham , Stallone 's band of geriatric heroes are pretty creaky
What we get is pure , unadulterated B-movie stuff , with an A-budget .
The action sequences are terrific , the violence excessive . The guiltiest of guilty pleasures , then .
Unless you 've got a burning desire to see some old-timers trying to turn back the clocks and running around in a film they know in their heart-of-hearts is more at home on the small screen , wait for the DVD .
Offers up neither clearly delineated characters nor any fundamental character of its own .
Mostly this is just a film of countless deaths and endless clichés ...
That the supporting cast really need n't have bothered showing up is the closest Stallone gets to a decent joke .
Nothing exceeds like excess in The Expendables .
Thick-necked and hollow-headed and weirdly affecting
The Expendables is like dating a jock - no sparkling conversation or subtlety but great to have around when you need to blow sh-t up or kick some ass .
misses many opportunities to truly exploit its old-school ethos , instead falling into the trap of hyper-edited incoherence
Something about the large scope of the action confounds Stallone , and his excessively large number of unit directors . It 's too hectic , too confusing to be cool , or exhilirating .
Is it that big a deal to have a cast that includes Steve Austin , Randy Couture and Terry Crews ? These guys would line up for a straight-to-DVD American Pie sequel if asked .
Stallone 's dozens of remaining fans know exactly what to expect , and he gives it to them good and hard .
Botched sensitivity aside , The Expendables delivers epic action .
Not since Rocky worked out in a meat locker has Sylvester Stallone surrounded himself with so much aging beef .
Stallone , never a clear speaker , spends most of his time grunting like a Gloucester Old Spot or barking like a sea lion with a sore throat .
After repeated taunts to `` Bring it , '' increasing evidence of the barely-there story , and a war 's worth of bullets and fireballs , The Expendables gets pretty tiresome .
It 's an A-grade cast all right , but there 's no escaping that this is a B-movie .
Drenched in adrenaline , veiled in violence , ` The Expendables ' really is . Expendable , I mean .
The worst action film of the year , and that 's saying something .
In which a bunch of macho has-beens and never-weres splash down in the action pond for one last go-round .
The movie struggles to find a main attraction that 's worth the bullets it 's printed on .
Quit it with the CGI blood spurts .
Exceeded my expectations as concerns dumbness -- and my expectations were high . This movie actually goes beyond being merely dumb ; it 's more like the nirvana of dumbosity .
... delivers exactly what the coming attractions promise - a lot of over-the-top action and silliness ...
For action fans raised on Commando and Cobra , the ensemble cast and '80s - style violence will be pure wish-fulfilment -- but even they could have wished for something better .
If you like watching men with no necks thumping each other , this could be your Citizen Kane .
The only reason to watch this film is to see some of the world 's most famous action stars returning for one last bout of mayhem .
A piece of sclerotic all-star machismo about as exciting as Veterans ' Arm-Wrestling Night at the Hollywood Bowl .
A film so unashamedly manly , it makes Fight Club look like the time they did Single Ladies on Glee .
The impressive-sounding cast only temporarily distracts from a plot riddled with holes , clichéd dialogue and fight sequences too reliant on quick edits .
If you only see one action movie this year , see The Expendables -- twice .
A perfectly cast , gleefully violent throwback to old-fashioned '80s action movies , The Expendables is an enormous amount of fun .
full review at Movies for the Masses
In lieu of a flurry of left hooks and roundhouse kicks , we stay safely in Stallone 's comfort zone of shoot 'em ups and s -- getting blown up .
-LSB- A -RSB- lumbering , aptly titled hulk of a movie .
An unstoppable throwback to the days of Rambo and Commando ; a time when heroes cracked wise , shat bullets , and blew-up a thousand faceless enemies before breakfast .
We want to remember . We want to revel . We want to watch things explode . Stallone only understands one of these things . So yes , there will be explosions .
defensive and frankly more than a little pathetic
It looks like most of the money spent in this project went to explosions , which are many and huge , and to acting salaries , at the expense of special effects and the script , which could have used a big upgrade .
Watching The Expendables is like watching professional wrestling but with guns , knives and a whole lot of death .
Flawed , but the action scenes are as violent , ridiculous and over the top as you could hope for .
Big guns , big hats , big motorcycles , big trucks . There is obviously more being projected here than just a movie
Stallone 's boasted that he 's made the drunk uncle of all dumb action movies and in several ways he has
Whatever film you 've imagined ... is better than what the film actually is .
An overly-hyped exercise , a cynical attempt to couple recognizable action stars with their respective muscles onscreen ... think of this not so much a film but , rather , steroid abuse of a whole other kind .
Glories in over-the-top , testosterone-driven action and an ensemble whose names I only expected to hear when I died and went to B-movie heaven . If only The Expendables ' script was as divine as its roll call .
Never underestimate the nostalgia factor ! ''
There 's a lot in this nostalgic Sylvester Stallone actioner that lives up to its title - the recycled plot , the forgettable characters , the monotonous violence - but it 's an undeniable kick to see these vets in action .
With only a couple of artistic virtues and even fewer moral attributes to its credit ... `` The Expendables '' is wretched .
Despite some surprisingly decent performances , it just is n't as fun as it should be . But Stallone does prove there 's still some room left in the action genre for these titans , so let 's why not ? Let 's have another round .
Even the much-anticipated scene in which Stallone spars verbally with Bruce Willis and Arnold Schwarzenegger , in a summit meeting of '80s action icons , ends up lifeless .
For diehard action fans the explosions and car chases will be enough but for those looking for strong characters and plot development it will be lacking .
It passes for an average Stallone film , which does n't quite make it a good pic even though it 's not exactly a bad pic .
Too bad this blast-from-the-past mucho macho male reunion movie is so absurdly incoherent .
While much of the film feels as slow as Stallone , 64 , at a full sprint , the last 30 minutes is a blast . Literally . The movie 's theme is overkill .
It 's like being in Stallone 's head watching his stream of consciousness manifest .
Jean-Claude van Damme and Steven Seagal will be kicking themselves - or perhaps each other - for having turned Stallone down .
The Expendables scratches the itch action fans have had since the '80s drew to a close .
It 's one of those movies best watched on DVD or Blu-ray where you can fast-forward any time you see someone open their mouth to talk .
What you will find is both familiar in its contours and unique in its casting .
It 's not the age of the actors that makes The Expendables expendable . It 's the stale storytelling .
Por mais que eu quisesse acreditar no que diz a música que acompanha os créditos , não creio que este filme estabeleça que `` os garotos estão de volta à cidade '' . No máximo , podemos dizer que os velhinhos deram um passeio rápido e esquecível na praça .
An awful screenplay , horrible acting , and all action - fisticuffs , gun fights , car chases , etc. - is badly edited . It 's a terrible movie . I loved every cliche-filled minute .
It 's all as dumb as mud , but it 's familiar and comfortable enough to entertain on a basic level .
The Expendables is n't as much fun as it should be .
I 's a bit like a trip to the gym on a flat tire .
The advertising materials ... carry just the right kind of gleeful , confident attitude -- but sadly , Stallone 's actual movie is a giant mess and a wasted opportunity .
The closest a real-life movie has ever gotten to `` Seinfeld '' 's `` Death Blow . ''
Sylvester Stallone 's gun-emptying , blade-tossing , clandestine action flick `` The Expendables '' is great fun . Sure , this declaration comes with caveats , but do you really need to hear them ?
If ever there was a movie that was all about the action scenes , The Expendables is it .
As a whole , the movie , whose title dimly evokes `` They Were Expendable , '' a 1945 John Ford combat picture starring John Wayne and Robert Montgomery , might more aptly be described as Bad Kurosawa , Bad Peckinpah or Bad Leone .
An agreeable mess of an action picture , hearkening back to Stallone 's heyday of the 1980s .
The world has changed since Rambo and Arnold held sway , which is n't the film 's fault . But it 's going to be held accountable anyway .
Also the Predictables , the Forgettables and they kinda look like the Anabolic Steroidables ...
Not a parody of an '80s action movie -- it actually is an '80s action movie .
The Expendables delivers a series of macho encounters within the team of expert killers and pointedly named hard-asses .
If you accept The Expendables for what it is -- Stallone having some simple , stupid fun -- you may be surprised to find yourself joining him .
There 's nothing wrong with a guilty pleasure . We all have them : Those movies that we know suck that we ca n't help but watch on cable every time they come on . But they still SUCK .
Bullets , knives and bare hands fly in an incomprehensible vortex as arms and heads and body parts get thrown into the melee .
The brain-dead male equivalent of Sex and the City 2 .
An amazing combination of totally campy and totally crappy with a plot and style straight out of 1984 , which is funny to see , especially the chemistry between the guys .
Stallone is a terrible action director . Sequences are visually incoherent , chopped-up , sloppy , vague . You 'd think that in all the years he 's spent in this racket he would 've learned how to cobble together stuff like this .
`` Hulk like ` Expendables . ' It SMASH . Guns go BANG-BANG . Things go BOOM . Fire EVERYWHERE . Cars crash and make even MORE FIRE . HA-HA-HA . Hulk no like Rourke , though . Rourke NUTS . ''
... an admittedly erratic yet sporadically thrilling throwback to the unabashedly violent action flicks of the 1980s .
Rather than reviving the actors ' 80s heyday , The Expendables only demonstrates how much action films have changed in recent years .
The Expendables should have been the greatest action movie ever made . Unfortunately , the film is a bit underwhelming . Luckily , Crews and Statham save the day .
There 's no one to blame but Stallone for action sequences that degenerate into incoherence , to the point where it 's impossible to know who 's truck is exploding and who 's shooting at whom .
While Stallone 's film wo n't win any Oscars , it gives off a dopey genre high that 's hard not to catch .
Given the similarities between the two films -- the muddled fight scenes , the occasional one-liners , the over-the-top violence , used to camouflage the narrative weaknesses -- this easily could have been titled Rambo V .
This is truly a movie that nobody needs -- gratuitously savage , implausible and sometimes incoherent .
Peppered with funny dialogue , epic brawls and supersize explosions , The Expendables is the adrenaline shot the summer of 2010 needs .
Occasionally fun in its over-the-top mindlessness ; the fun just never lasts more than a couple minutes at a time .
An aggressively dopey celebration of testosterone that manages to provide a decent amount of fenderheaded fun for those who just want to see stuff get blown up or gunned down for 90-odd minutes .
A down and dirty action adventure , and the best escapist entertainment around . Check your brain at the door for non-stop rowdy , riotous and raucous fun .
As with Rambo , we get bullets that cause heads to literally explode . That should have been the tone all along , but Stallone just ca n't let his movie be terrible enough to be entertaining .
Fun as the film occasionally was , those involved would have done well to take the advice from another 80 's action classic : `` You 're too old for this & $ # & ! ''
Coming off like an all-star game with notable faces and a few exciting plays but not much in the way of an entertaining game plan , ` The Expendables ' ends up as an overall disappointment . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
When The Expendables revs up and becomes the loud , explosive machismo parade that it 's meant to be , it works . But when it does n't , it 's rather abysmal .
But that feeling quickly disappears thanks to the movie 's awfulness , and by the time it was over the only excitement I still felt was the supreme joy of finally being able to leave the theatre and head back home .
It pretty much fits the bill -- maybe not directed with any particular verve or wit by Stallone , but still satisfactory of the lowest common denominators and the highest possible decibel levels .
Like the Gosford Park of bad acting , this is one throwback that should have been thrown back .
The whole enterprise is a tremendous wasted opportunity . Even the title knows it .
Among the explosions and the blood , a forceful melancholy infects the characters and puts a dark tinge to even the most jocular banter .
Feels less like high-concept filmmaking and more like wishful thinking .
The fights are so many and so long and the cuts so quick that you can rarely tell who 's winning . One thing is certain , the losers are the viewers .
A ludicrous action flick that ... would seem right at home in the 2 am slot on ShowTime .
Friends may not let friends die alone , but bogus philosophizing is apparently business as usual .
Stallone ! Willis ! Schwarzenegger ! They 're lovin ' it , so I guess we have to , too .
Alas , little money was left over to fund the screenplay , which is unbelievably bad given the level of talent involved .
You certainly ca n't say this over-the-top thriller skimps on action . The final third or so is wall-to-wall brawling , shootings and explosions .
These action heroes take their fun seriously without taking themselves seriously .
While you may have trouble figuring out who 's running where in the film 's big climax , Stallone sets off enough explosions to ensure their Brazilian shooting location could be seen from space .
best action film of the summer
The audiences for whom ` The Expendables ' represents a wish belatedly fulfilled are n't expecting Shakespeare , but Stallone , once an Oscar-nominated screenwriter , is strictly on autopilot here .
Delivers pretty much exactly what its audience wants and expects : big , dumb , campy fun so deliriously , comically macho , it 's remarkable that no one in the cast died of testosterone poisoning .
It 's willfully out of date , like an aging hair band that ca n't pack away the spandex .
Borrows liberally from such male-bonding classics as Robert Aldrich 's The Dirty Dozen and Sam Peckinpah 's The Wild Bunch , but offers not a whiff of the tragic fatalism and astute critique of machismo that inform those superior dramas .
It yawningly snaps into place as yet another series of explosions that are dressed up with no place to blow .
A gang of old pros ripping through an $ US80 million budget by doing what they like to do best . And given the sad state of the modern action movie , such passion is almost endearing .
The film bulls-eyes so-bad-it 's - sad from the get-go . The precision with which it just keeps hitting that unwanted target is spooky .
... what winds up in the picture 's largely lazy grasp is largely evidence of the influence of , well , any number of cheap and often straight-to-video testosterone fests .
Expendables is the closest thing to movie Viagra yet invented . It 's reprehensible . It 's stoopid violent . It 's a lot of unholy fun .
Unfortunately , there 's a limit to the effectiveness of this kind of influence .
The big set piece at the end is impressive ... proving that Stallone really is a formidable action director . It is just a pity it takes so long to get there .
It 's a contender for the manliest movie ever made .
As an opportunity for giant lunkheads to knock each other around and blow things up , The Expendables is considerably more fun than the last Transformers movie .
Is it fun ? Sort of . But it shoulda coulda been a ton of fun .
There is no avoiding the fact that -LRB- Schwarzenegger -RRB- and Stallone look every bit their age ; Willis , Lundgren and Li still move well , but close-ups do none of these actors any favours .
When it gets around to the righteous fightin ' and killin ' bits , The Expendables more than delivers on its promise to be the manliest movie ever made .
It 's not just the characters who are expendable : The actors may as well be tossed out with the garbage , too .
Sure , it 's fun , after a fashion , to see them all in the same place , kicking and creaking . But that 's about all it is .
A throat-slashing , elbow-dropping , grenade-throwing , trigger-pulling , and limb-dismembering good time .
When it is n't bad Shakespeare , this throwback 80s action movie ... is like what we might see if Solider of Fortune magazine decided to get into the business of pornography .
Stallone grabs you by the balls and does n't let go for until the credits roll !
The shootouts are epic , but the stuff leading up to them is lame .
Inevitably , the film culminates in a nearly wordless bloodbath with a death every few seconds , plunging onward like the world 's longest drum solo .
The body count is enormous , the explosions deafening , and none of it makes sense -- so why did I find this such a guilty pleasure ?
Stallone encourages a pure bath of brutality , sans winks . It 's up to the viewer to decide if this is all disgusting overkill or the cinematic equivalent of a firm erection .
As for Stallone , he grimaces purposefully in his El Greco beard , and he keeps the body count coming so that it sates you like a junk-food craving fulfilled .
Give me Bradley Cooper driving a tank in mid-air , any day .
The thought behind this body-splattering nostalgia trip is unformed and stagnant .
The Expendables is third-rate .
This is action as timeless as the reptilian brain .
Fathers , do n't let your sons grow up without The Expendables .
Taken as a whole , The Expendables is a disappointment , and a frustrating one at that .
The Expendables is preaching to the choir , but that choir will surely lap it up with relish .
Gratuitous explosions , fight scenes and macho stars past and present , this is the pick of this year 's cluttered action crop .
The Expendables is savage yet inert , and breathtakingly sleazy in its lack of imagination .
I 'd say that I already can smell the sequel , but I believe that odor is coming from this film .
Stallone vs. Hugo Chavez ? C'mon , the general wears the very same trademark fatigues and red beret , and heads a Latin American country beginning with a ` V ' and ending with an ` A ' . While the former overturns papaya carts and terrorizes donkeys .
Stallone and crew deliver a hard-hitting , unrepentant action extravaganza .
Lean , mean , funny , and chockablock with fast-twitch demolition spectacle , `` The Expendables '' represents a grand finale for several generations of action cinema stars .
Sly Stallone has corralled the meanest , toughest action actors he could find and pooled them into a turbo-charged Dirty Dozen movie . With laughs .
It 's raining bullets and knives in this macho action thriller in which brute force rules supreme .
It 's a bitter pill to swallow , but it 's a dark day indeed when a film can bring together so many promising elements and , when the curtains close , leave you wondering exactly what the heck you just sat through -- and if you even enjoyed it at all .
It 's not particularly well made , but the patchiness only adds to the considerable goodwill and charm the movie carries .
Strip away the modern day polish and the bluster of its gimmicky -LRB- though admittedly satisfying -RRB- cast and you 're left with an 80s-esque action spectacle . That 's the point , of course , but it is n't enough to earn the film a genuine recommendation .
The gun show is in full effect in The Expendables , an old school action ensemble tailor made for our nostalgic times .
One should n't knock the plotting for being distinctly old-school , but criticism deserves to be levelled at the manner in which so much talent is squandered .
It 's filled with literally explosive excitement .
Stallone 's retro actioner is a cheesy , schlocky anachronistic flick , sort of a class reunion of the genre 's stars of the past two decades .
A bunch of guys past their prime punching and kicking each other and pretending its for our benefit , when its really just one last self-congratulatory hurrah .
The body count is high and the personalities click in this old-school testosterone fest .
Take the cast away , and there 's not much more here than the straight-to-DVD schlock that has kept conspicuously absent rivals Steven Seagal and Jean-Claude Van Damme busy of late .



@highlight

It makes good on the old-school action it promises , but given all the talent on display , The Expendables should hit harder .