On a positive note , Rooney Mara is a very talented actress and is as captivating as ever in the film - Bana and Redgrave also do their best with the material , but the strong cast is not enough to rescue this dud of an adaptation from Sheridan .
Fine , lush-looking , understated 2016 wartime drama from veteran Jim Sheridan ... Perfect arthouse fare , this .
This is a honourable film that has hits and misses . Watch it for the performances , particularly Redgrave 's . Its most telling line is this : Bravery in the face of the enemy
The Secret Scripture is a highly streamlined adaptation of Sebastian Barry 's 2008 Man Booker finalist .
... all the window dressing in the world is n't enough to hide the fact that this misbegotten load of old tosh really does n't add up to a coherent or credible yarn . Avoid .
A minor disappointment .
... a new missed opportunity to regain the respect of critics and the public . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
As the mystery unfolds , the film gradually strains credibility and becomes more formulaic in structure .
Mara and Redgrave are beautifully cast and extremely good in the central role . But you do need to be up with your Anglo-Irish history and you may find the last lap as contrived as it is sentimental .
Sheridan 's adaptation of Sebastian Barry 's Man Booker-shortlisted novel begins portentously and spirals downwards from there .
Its lack of nuance and persistent plotting issues frequently undermine much of the potential emotional heft .
The overall power of the story is female suppression across the ages that really hits home - subtly interwoven , but accompanied by that unsavoury feel of demonising the independent screen female again .
Mara ensures that we feel for Rose , and James is surprisingly effective as the man who ruins Rose 's life , but The Secret Scripture is n't as moving or intriguing as it should be .
The result is still a handsome romantic epic but it lacks the emotional punch of the book .
Sebastian Barry 's Costa prizewinning novel is gutted and reconstituted to the point of absurdity in this cockeyed adaptation .
Variously lukewarm and lugubrious ...
It 's the construction , not the performances , which undermines The Secret Scripture .
Goes from a fairly forgettable romantic drama into a full-tilt fiasco .
Jim Sheridan 's first Irish movie since The Boxer has trouble unpicking its mysteries , opting for a romantic soap that sees Rooney Mara 's heroine face ostracism after falling for Jack Reynor 's RAF pilot in '40s Sligo .
A maudlin adaptation hampered by low energy and lapses of logic , The Secret Scripture does a disservice to the book it is based on , and the Irish history it plunders .
The succession of melodramatic contrivances constantly undermines credibility , leaving The Secret Scripture aimed squarely at incurable romantics .
All the smouldering gorgeousness of Rooney Mara , Theo James , Jack Reynor and Eric Bana ca n't dress up this mawkish slog of a movie .
It could have been better , but many people will still enjoy this a lot , especially if you view it separate from the novel .
There 's a dizziness to Sheridan 's cinematic storytelling here that at times makes the film hard to follow .
The Secret Scripture packs a lifetime - and a long one at that - into a film . It 's not hard to forgive a few easy coincidences and misshapen character arcs , when ultimately what 's on screen is a beautiful , sad and funny piece of cinema .
Jim Sheridan 's adaptation of Sebastian Barry 's novel is engaging and competent , although Vanessa Redgrave does n't suit as the elderly Irishwoman Rose .
So baffling are the motivations , so weird are the coincidences and so unlikely are the catastrophes that the film suggests an adaptation of a South American magic realist text .
In lesser hands , this might 've been some very clunky business , but Sheridan directs with the confident touch of an old pro , and he could n't have asked for a better cast .
It is an elegantly crafted , expertly acted old-fashioned weepie that manages to sell a whopper of a plot that would bring a blush to the cheeks of Nicholas Sparks .
The Secret Scripture collapses into a horrible web of appalling twists and nonsensical plot developments .
A soggy script , lazy and repetitive direction and performances that leave much to be desired reveal a film that would always sound more intriguing on paper than in execution .
Disjointed and disinterested in entertaining any and all prospective viewers , the overlong slab of melodrama is one of the most vanilla experiences at the movies in quite some time .
It 's a mess that might seem genuine and well-intentioned , but gives out the feeling that its creators have lost touch with what made Barry 's book praised in the first place .
Ultimately , this is more the rough outline to a movie than a satisfying picture in and of itself .
It 's the kind of tangled , self-important prestige picture that went out of fashion somewhere in the mid-90s .
It does n't take too long for Jim Sheridan 's period romance `` The Secret Scripture '' to contort itself into a befuddlingly bungled mess . But at the outset , it seems to have everything going for it .
Young Rose , initially feisty , becomes an unknowable non-entity . We never truly understand her and Mara quickly becomes visibly bored .

@highlight

The Secret Scripture has acclaimed source material and a well-chosen cast in its corner , but despite its stars ' valiant efforts , this adaptation was better left on the page .