This is the version that 's easily forgettable .
Leto 's layered performance as the nattily dressing dandy with no remorse is truly impressive .
Un buen ejemplo de cine negro , género fuera de moda que aún conserva su encanto .
Noir-ish murder tale is far too dark for kids .
A good , not great , movie that benefits from nice period detail and some strong performances -LRB- especially Hayek and Leto -RRB- , even if the real-life Beck was a heavyset , homely mess not anywhere near as attractive as Hayek .
Except for the fact that innocent lives are lost here , it would be easy to walk away from Lonely Hearts saying `` so what ? '' .
Hayek 's alluring temptress persona reinvents Beck 's obese nag as a sexed up femme fatale , in an exceedingly odd way trumping Leto 's wimpy , henpecked unconvincing womanizer .
A consistently entertaining and occasionally gut-wrenching tale that deserves at least some measure of notice .
There is some strong work here , but too many misfires .
The only juice in Lonely Hearts comes from the thousands of volts shooting through the electric chair in which Martha and Ray are executed in back-to-back scenes that are disturbingly detailed and drawn out .
Most astute is Leto 's impeccable representation of an amoral snake of a man with the looks and sociopathology to fulfill the requirements of his abject trade .
The story of Fernandez and Beck may be grotesque comedy , but Todd Robinson tells it straight , without flinching from its piteousness , horror , or banality .
Where 's James Ellroy when you need him ?
Hayek is a standard-issue femme fatale , damaged on the inside but flawless on the surface .
When Hayek and Leto are onscreen , you do not look away .
Their amorality is n't presented in a conventional manner ; it 's depicted in an unremarkable , matter-of-fact style that makes it all the more realistic -- and all the more unsettling .
It 's with the focus on the police , though , that the script fails to truly connect .
A rather plodding movie .
Oddly sterile .
While writer-director Robinson may have known and loved a key character , he has n't really figured out a good way to bring his story to life .
The picture belongs to Salma Hayek .
A beautifully photographed remake of 1970 cult B-movie The Honeymoon Killers succeeds better than many in balancing the philosophical with the visceral , although its villains ' dirty deeds still trump its deeper strain of melancholy .
An A-list cast in B-movie territory is fun , but the lurid story is , sadly , as taut as a pool of fresh , gushing blood .
While not much of a detective story , -LSB- director -RSB- Robinson 's period film does provide a captivating look at the dynamics that turn Fernandez and Beck into serial killers .
Travolta gives a hangdog performance as the world-weary cop obsessed with rooting out the killers . Hayek and Leto share a few tart black comic moments as the film spirals into a bloodbath .
Strongly focused when it comes to atmosphere . But it strains too hard to contain its disparate plot elements .
The movie never quite clicks because it insists on telling two stories - one that is dramatic and one that slowly peters out , neither of which complement each other .
Slipped into release with ominous lack of fanfare , this star-studded noir thriller is a halfhearted attempt to recast The Honeymoon Killers and Deep Crimson .
Because Robinson ca n't seem to settle on a distinct tone , Lonely Hearts dances perilously on the edge of self-parody .
... a worthy addition to the ranks of Beck/Fernandez movies ; only at the end , when it suddenly seems to turn into an anti-capital-punishment tract , does it lose its way .
Leto and Hayek make their erotic psychohistrionics fun , and John Travolta and James Gandolfini , as cops , work up a dour camaraderie .
Vastly miscast -LRB- particularly Salma Hayek -RRB- and dramatically uninvolving , this third version of the 1940s real-life murderous couple is inferior to both Leonard Kastle 's 1970 cult film Honeymoon Killers and Arturo Ripstein 's 1996 Mexican adaptation .
The film goes into such repulsive detail that it ends as a tract against capital punishment .
One more dip into the tin-eared neo-noir well .
A gutsy reenactment of the conscience-challenged duo who killed lonely women for their money .
If you like true crime stuff , this is worth a look
Lonely Hearts ca n't help but trip on its Hollywood aesthetic standards .
A riveting thriller that contrasts the sleazy elegance of Hayek and Jared Leto 's lethal duo with the lumbering , beefy persistence of cops John Travolta and James Gandolfini .
Concentrating as much on the detectives investigating the case as on the killers , Lonely Hearts fails to show off its impressive cast at their best .




@highlight

Several genres and plotlines intertwine in Lonely Hearts but do n't connect , creating an uneven and unsatisfying film .