The richest and most thorough cinematic exploration of an American ailment I fear may eventually be the end of us .
In the final analysis , the best thing one can say for Lee is that he takes risks , like all true artists . For unlike most of today 's film makers , he 's not afraid to really challenge a movie audience to do some serious thinking .
-LSB- Do the Right Thing is -RSB- an exceptional film , a movie that wisely deprives you of the cozy resolutions and epiphanies so often manufactured by Hollywood . Like the film 's principals , you are left feeling that you have been torched where you live .
This might sound like a depressing story , but the level of performance and filmmaking is so high that Do the Right Thing becomes a most entertaining warning .
Do the Right Thing is complex , bravura movie making . It is also hugely entertaining , since fortunately for us , Lee 's seditious method is to use humor to carry his biting message .
If you see only one movie in this season of blockbusters , make it Do the Right Thing .
Do the Right Thing is Lee 's most complex , heartfelt and disturbing film to date , a drama about racism that is more shockingly outspoken than any I 've seen since David Mamet 's great , and neglected , Edmond .
Its characters are often abrasive ; its language is consistently foul ; and it takes a complicated view of race-related violence . Yet it 's an attractive and even beguiling film in many ways , too , with large resources of humor and intelligence .
There 's only one way to do the wrong thing about Do the Right Thing : that would be to ignore it .
The movie has a tone and a perspective of its own . But all too often , the tone is tiresome and the perspective banal .
The movie 's volatile subject has overshadowed the fact that Do the Right Thing is quite funny and a technically superb picture that easily ranks as the best movie Lee has made .
If Lee is saying that racism is profoundly painful , frustrating and confusing , no one will argue . But this film states the case without offering any insight .
It 's depressing to see how much credit Lee has been given simply for painting his characters in shades other than the purely good and the purely evil , as if the gesture reflected anything other than an appreciation for a basic human truth .
-LSB- A -RSB- movie that gives us the vitality of urban street life and the viciousness of racism in a single , brightly bedecked , booby-trapped package .
My rowdy audience at Do The Right Thing did not cheer the riot , nor did one break out at the end . Like me , they left having seen a reflection of their own lives onscreen .
Captures a sense of black pride in the late '80s that 's caught between essentialism and pop-culture commercialism . Trash-talking racism , distrust , and males ' insistence on respect blaze the story along a path that LA would burn with its 1992 riots .
The many joys of the film are equaled only by the fiery injustice it bears witness to in the apocalyptic third act .
Sure , the movie opens up the racial problems of everyday life in New York , but it also has a very forgiving tone to what one could label as the oppressed .
It 's perhaps one of the greatest summer movies of all time . Do the Right Thing is as perfect as a film can get .
Lee shows us both sides of the situation , and lets us decide for ourselves . The results are devastating .
-LSB- Spike -RSB- Lee does n't attempt to answer the complicated questions of racism , misunderstanding and simmering anger as much as confront them with a hard clarity .
A riveting drama which remains just as intense as when it debuted in 1989 .
A towering achievement in American cinema , Spike Lee 's Do the Right Thing takes a hard look at a community in crisis . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Like Rear Window to Alfred Hitchcock , like Nashville to Robert Altman , like Playtime to Jacques Tati , Lee 's Do the Right Thing is an undiluted representation of its creator 's artistic command .
Lee cagily provides a litmus test for racial attitudes in 1989 , but he does so by destroying the integrity of his characters , black and white .
A pulsating homage to life on New York 's streets , achieved thanks to Lee 's sleepless eye , but a passionate-yet-dignified study of racism , too .
The fact that a filmmaker as gifted as Lee has yet to top the movie says a lot about its power .
A powerful and persuasive look at an ethnic community and what makes it tick -- funky , entertaining , packed with insight , and political in the best , most responsible sense .
`` Do the Right Thing '' is a film whose ability to entertain , provoke , and question has not diminished in the least .
The film -- at once stylised and realistic -- buzzes throughout with the sheer , edgy bravado that comes from living one 's life on the streets . It looks , sounds , and feels right .
Prompted by the brutal Howard Beach killing of a young black man , Lee 's politically charged drama is an angry assault on racism that benefits from bravura filmmaking . Still Lee 's best and most important film .
A tour-de-force for Spike Lee
Spike 's greatest film to date . Shame on the Academy for not recognizing it .
It 's a vibrant , passionate , funny movie , and like a true work of art , it both surprises and provokes .
spike lee 's masterpiece
Who expected this to be its director 's last really terrific film ?
Inarguably one of the greatest American films ever made .
Made me love Spike .
A subtle and humane entertainment with a refreshingly serious view of the world . There are no absolute heroes or villains . There are no easy answers to the questions that this film poses with such artistry and grace .
Mr. Lee 's movie is anything but minimalist . It is bursting with character , color , incident and music , including a militant rap number performed by Public Enemy .
The movie confronts racism head-on , with the kind of clear-eyed and unflinching attitude that is rarely seen in major motion pictures . Lee does not pander to political correctness , nor does he sermonize .
You ca n't afford not to see this modern masterpiece .
Roger Ebert points out that this film , which honestly -LRB- and sometimes graphically -RRB- explores the ambivalence surrounding race relations , was probably the best movie of 1989 . I would have a hard time disagreeing .
I think it 's Spike 's best . Loud , honest , angry entertainment .
While the film is seldom boring , its general lack of focus does seem to blunt much of the drama that its final explosive sequence might have engendered .
Do the Right Thing operates to approach race frankly , as peoples ' interpretations of the climax become interwoven with their preconceptions of race and bigotry .
A powerful and poignant portrait of contemporary urban life .
Lee 's theatrical piece speaks the Truth , Ruth . And it just ai n't simple .
Spike Lee combines a forceful statement on race relations with solid entertainment values .
Comes closer to reflecting the current state of race relations in America than any other movie of our time
A movie made by filmmaker working in sync with his times -- an exciting , disturbing , provocative film .
Are you covering your soft parts ? Spike Lee is about to drag you into a sizzling kitchen called `` Do the Right Thing . ''
Has the greatness necessary to embrace its contradictions
This film changed the way I looked at movies .
Plays like a pot of boiling water , eventually bursting and spilling over for a shocking and brilliant climax
An angry film , but it 's also a thought-provoking one
This may not be the best film of the summer , but it is the most ambitious .












@highlight

Smart , vibrant , and urgent without being didactic , Do the Right Thing is one of Spike Lee 's most fully realized efforts -- and one of the most important films of the 1980s .