The best reason to see Richard Linklater 's wholly unnecessary but highly enjoyable remake of The Bad News Bears is Billy Bob Thornton , who 's doing a PG-13 version of his Bad Santa .
Fortunately almost everyone acquits himself coolly and admirably .
Billy Bob Thornton has proven he can do pretty much anything , but he simply does not look haggard , washed-up or miserable enough to be a believable Morris Buttermaker , the role Walter Matthau immortalized .
It 's no Bad Santa , but it 's fun .
Having cast a knowing eye on teen debauchery in Dazed and Confused and coaxed a stellar performance out of Jack Black in School of Rock , the director is just the man to launch a surprise spitwad attack in the current culture wars .
If you 're looking for another Adam Sandler/Jack Black comic masterpiece , this is n't it . It is , though , Billy Bob Thornton at his best , dropping analogies that would make a Hooters waitress blush .
Even if you never saw the original Bad News Bears , you 've probably seen this movie . You know , the one where the reluctant coach pulls together the ragtag bunch of misfits and teaches them important lessons about teamwork .
Linklater 's spirit is true : Practice still unfolds to the waltz of Carmen . Sentiment is avoided at all costs .
Director Richard Linklater has wisely stayed with the structure of the 1976 classic -LRB- with Walter Matthau in the Butterworth role -RRB- but populated it with dialogue from Bad Santa 's Glenn Ficarra and John Requa .
Thornton -LSB- knocks -RSB- every one-liner out of the park with the free rein Linklater allows him , though a picked-up pace would 've been welcome .
Thornton is the real reason to watch . He plays most of his scenes with an understated unrepentant scumbaggishsness that makes him easy to simultaneously hate and like . It 's a tricky balance to pull off , but he manages it well .
Linklater 's `` Bad News Bears '' does n't approach the giddy comedy of Ritchie 's original , but it does inspire an attentive contemplation on the similarities and differences between adults and children in approaching the game of life .
Linklater 's directorial prowess can not be argued , but `` Bad News Bears '' just is n't good enough to watch again ...
There are worse ways to spend an afternoon .
Bad News Bears is packed with laughs , but almost all of them are cheaply won
I 'm not sure why filmmakers think we want to see kids put into dark situations and berated with profanities by Billy Bob Thornton .
... what should 've been a fun and breezy comedy is ultimately transformed into an incredibly tedious ordeal ...
This has n't the advantage of seeming so new , nor so shocking . It mixes cute and crass with a dollop of social critique .
There 's just no reason for this thing .
Ainda que esquemático , gera boas risadas graças à dinâmica entre Thornton e o elenco infantil .
The Bad News Bears is at its best when , like all good major league pitchers , it is n't afraid to get a little mean .
Too tame to attract now middle-aged viewers who remember the original and want to see Billy Bob Thornton play it like Bad Santa , it 's still a little too raunchy to secure parental approval for pre-highschoolers .
This is one remake that was done right . It retains some of the best ideas of the original , while updating it nicely into modern times .
Thornton seldom evokes the deep reserves of benevolence bubbling just beneath Matthau 's comical , curmudgeon surface , and he has not nearly perfected the signature Matthau slow-burn .
.
Despite the lack of a vital air-punch from a curiously flat finale , there 's much to love and laugh at .
Fans of the original will be amazed at how similar the two films are - the new version even makes the same extensive use of Bizet 's Carmen on the soundtrack .
Raunchy , raucous fun featuring Thornton 's Bad Santa persona in full effect .
The only real problem is that the writers have n't done anything remotely new with the material .
Billy Bob Thornton teaches kids about drinkin ' , cussin ' , and a little bit of baseball - not a classic , but still occasionally fun .
Linklater captures the air of sportsmanship with an experienced authenticity .
A pleasant surprise out of leftfield .
Every bit as funny , irreverent and enjoyable as the first . Billy Bob Thornton is wonderful and his young co-stars are devilishly entertaining .
Bad News Bears is a late summer hoot , and hopefully what your kids are really seeing when they tell you they 're going to Sky High .
The remake does n't improve on the original , nor does it change it significantly enough to make it seem worth the effort .
Fails to rise above medium-to-low expectations , but it 's not a huge mistake
There are many lingerings over communal feelings other directors might pass through more quickly to get to the next giggle or guffaw more efficiently .
Thornton 's virtuoso performance is the only reason to plunk down hard earned bucks for this surprisingly lifeless remake of ` The Bad News Bears . '
Although Bad News Bears is not a shot-for-shot remake of the original , it is strikingly similar to the point where its existence is hard to defend .
In today 's anything-goes society , the sight of 12-year-olds cussing like sailors on the screen no longer carries any novelty .
Certain things in this world are automatically funny , and a booze-swilling Billy Bob Thornton cussing out kids is one of them .
One lazy foul ball .
Billy Bob Thornton is the best weapon against cute that a kid baseball movie ever had .
There has to be a better reason to remake a movie than to drop the word ` the ' from its title .
Bad News Bears has been robbed of its nerve and repackaged for multiplex consumption .
... as far as movie karaoke goes , it kind of works .
There is nothing wrong per se with this new version of The Bad News Bears . That said , the new version lacks the bite of what we saw in the mid-70 's .
More irksome is the ordained focus on plot undulation and simplistic motivation , as if nobody remembered that the first film was a social satire .
Nobody can pull off quite the same combination of apathy and rage as Billy Bob Thornton .
The film equivalent of a tribute band .
OK , parents and grandparents -- do n't say I did n't warn you .
-LSB- It -RSB- just is n't a very good movie .
Paramount strikes out with yet another one of their remakes , lowering the batting average of film in general .
The good news is this `` bad news '' movie is hilarious .
Bears does n't measure up . Remake of 1976 comedy too raunchy .
It 's hysterical that the people who saw this movie as kids are now bent out of shape from the film 's content because it 's exactly the same as it was 29 years ago .
That Linklater manages to make his remake as affecting as it is -- and there are moments of pure goofball zaniness scattered throughout -- is only surprising to those who have n't been following his sublimely wild-carding career .
... this is completely true to the spirit of the original .
As Tanner observes about the non-alcoholic beer Buttermaker passes out after the big game , what 's the point ?
young teenagers might enjoy the mildly bad attitude and silly sequences , but adults will be bored
Even if it ca n't match the pleasures derived from the original , at least , it does n't embarrass itself by going hitless .
Bad news .
Mental revenge for all the crappy sports-genre flicks 2005 has unleashed until now .
Kids are more precocious today than they were in 1976 , while audiences are harder to shock or to enlist in an underdog story , but you would n't know it from the creaky , unnecessary remake of Bad News Bears .
Thornton does n't bring any new energy or invention to his ne'er - do-well persona .
Fortunately , in the process of pursuing a box office winner , Linklater has crafted an entertaining motion picture .
At least Linklater is n't just picking the bones of his forebears ; he honors them as they deserve .
-LSB- W -RSB- hat made Bears superior to its many knockoffs - its unsentimental view of the kids and its scathing attack on winning-obsessed parents - remains largely intact .
No such menace or edge lies behind this version . Its best player , Thornton , has his nihilistic glee replaced by an ersatz version of Matthau 's fuddy-duddiness .
I really hope Linklater finds a great project that needs funding in order to justify making this offensive piece of Hollywood hackery .
... Bad News Bears pitifully attempts to draw laughter from its audience by parading cussing and sassy children in front of the screen like obscene little parrots .
If you think juvenile misfits yelling potty-mouth comments every time they speak is funny , then put ` Bad News Bears ' on your must-see list .
But you do n't watch Bad News Bears for the action out on the diamond . You hang out with that hangdog coach so you can catch every slurry , sour-mouthed retort coming out of his mouth . Now that 's color commentary .
The movie is fun , though not great , and Billy Bob rules .
The material is so solid and Thornton so tailor-made that the movie almost gets by .
Richard Linklater 's cynical kiddie-sports comedy is less a remake of The Bad News Bears than a cover version ; for all the updated riffs and personal noodling , it 's best when it does n't stray too far from the original material .
If you missed The Bad News Bears the first time around , this one might be worth catching just for Thornton ; otherwise , it 's just extra innings on a game that 's already played out .
Simply another in a long line of utterly unnecessary remakes that , having nothing new to say , clutch at crassness and dumbness .
Perhaps someday French auteurists will be able to figure out how Bad News Bears fits into the cinematic oeuvre of Richard Linklater .
The spunkiness gets a bit crude but the team spirit remains , perennial as the crack of a bat on a summer day .
The remake , despite its naughty language and scenes at Hooters , actually plays it safer than its predecessor .
Charmless , witless , and utterly pointless , Richard Linklater 's insultingly bad remake of Bad News Bears marks the absolute nadir of the maverick director 's career .
What the remake does contribute is a reassuringly unforced tone and the idea that losing with -LRB- something like -RRB- dignity beats winning at all costs -- a message that resonates even more now than it did in 1976 .
It is n't funny ; it is n't sweet , and it has none of the innocence of the original .
It 's the screenwriting equivalent of those fat substitutes used by snack food manufacturers : the finished product looks all right but the taste is off , and the aftereffects are embarrassing and uncomfortable .
Bad News Bears pitches more than punchlines . The film has a moral , even if it does n't explore the deepest themes .
A crass and disappointing remake .
It 's a sugary message wrapped up in a hilariously caustic , cynical package -- a big , sloppy raspberry on our win-at-all-costs culture and cookie-cutter Hollywood entertainment .
The Bears ' eventual success seems utterly contrived and arbitrary .
The Bad News Bears is not risque at all , but it 's often cute and has a handful of laughs , and that 's about it . Not every film can be a winner , you know , but it still takes 12 to make a team and there 's no ` i ' in movie .
The kids in this knowing , tirelessly belligerent retread are as coarse and obnoxious as they ever were , maybe more so . And therein lies the problem .
Kids will be kids , and they are to be given leeway . But the film 's adults , who end up only slightly redeemed at film 's end , are not winners .
Bad News Bears is n't Linklater 's or Thornton 's greatest work , but it 's funny from beginning to end and properly improper at every turn . This is religiously irreverent stuff . Pray for more .
Even if we 've seen it a million times , there 's still fun to be had watching zeroes become heroes .
If you can stand the assault on your senses , you may discover that there 's a good message underneath -LRB- one about not excluding people based on supposed ` handicaps ' -RRB- , and Thornton gets off some very funny one-liners .
Like its predecessor , Bears can be funny in a snide sort of way , but it does n't have much kick .
Thornton and his directors have yet to master the subtlety between an endearing drunk and a sadist .
A cynical money grab made to capitalize on as well as cannibalize an old title that should be spinning in its grave .
A celebratory team trip to Hooters even falls flat , which would seem to be a physical impossibility .
A good movie , not the disgraceful , witlessly modernized rip-off we have grown to expect from remakes .
Stranded between pushing the scatological envelope and caving in to the formulas the 1976 movie established , and until the well-nigh foolproof ending , it comes up gasping for air .
Nobody plays a dissolute scalawag like Billy Bob Thornton .
A straightforward , surprisingly faithful and definitely loving adaptation of the original .
Faithful to the point of irrelevancy , Richard Linklater 's remake of `` Bad News Bears '' is an OK enough time passer , but given the talent involved , it should have been much , much better .
This just seemed to be a studio-forced decision to bring in the writing team from Bad Santa to give us another Billy-Bob-Is-a-Drunk movie .
As it sparks to life , spewing outrageous jokes at the expense of every race , creed , infirmity and sensibility , viewers with G-rated hearts will run screaming , while the other screams in the theater will be those of laughter .
Ritchie 's movie was genuinely subversive and hilarious ; Linklater 's , despite amped-up sexual references -LRB- the team celebrates at Hooters -RRB- is merely a passably amusing excuse to pass a couple of hours in an air-conditioned theater .
Linklater 's message is almost subversive , not just for an underdog sports move but for our We 're No. 1 political culture : Winning is n't everything .
Thornton is believable as a hound dog , and he knows how to use a wry look -- and the audience 's knowledge of his kinky marriage to Angelina Jolie -- to do the work for him .
Serviceable , but ultimately pointless because not a second of this remake tops anything in the original .
A raunchy , loud-out-loud movie that 's incongruously politically incorrect .
The movie meanders listlessly about , hitting all the same beats as the original but with little enthusiasm .
nobody could have filled Matthau 's battered sneakers more capably than Billy Bob Thornton ... it 's a rare actor who can make such a lowdown slob into a source of high comedy .
Bears is like a pitcher who is nibbling at the strike zone . It 's always close to hitting the target , but often frustratingly offline
Although it 's hard to top Walter Matthau 's irascible original , casting Thornton as the baseball-pelting , beer-swillin ' yet lovable curmudgeon is kind of a no-brainer .
Billy Bob Thornton turns in enough of a piquant performance to make Bad News Bears a shaggy , enjoyable and worthwhile romp .
If you 're 13 years old , you 'll love it . If you 're 40 , you 'll love it . If you 're 40 and watching it at the theater beside your 13-year-old , you 'll hate it .
Richard Linklater 's enjoyable remake is filled with small , cute kids and large , goofy laughs .
This is a winner in our book .
We 're supposed to laugh because of the shock value , but that wears off after about five minutes , and then there are still 106 minutes left .
Even if the trailers sizzle , the film fizzles .
It must have seemed like a home-run idea to remake the potty-mouthed '70s Little League classic , but the result is a lazy double .
Thornton just steamrolls his way through the film , rarely allowing the fun and comedy to breathe .
Sure , you 'll feel a bit ashamed laughing at the raunchy , tasteless humor , but it 's a dark theater and no one will know it is you .
Despite being a rather surprisingly slipshod piece of filmmaking , it 's more than saved by a Thornton performance of such vibrant political incorrectness .
Appreciably funnier and more profane than its '70s - era ancestor .
When a movie this awful tosses the adjective `` bad '' into its title , we call it truth in advertising
Another in this summer 's legion of pointless and empty remakes .
Bad News Bears is a shallow imitation that , though the highest form of flattery , does not mean it should have been remade .
Watered-down beer .
Buttermaker 's changes of heart seem to come out of thin air , visual jokes are underplayed and scene changes often feel random
Nobody learns about teamwork , or that winning is n't everything , or even that it is . They just misbehave and there is a great joy to a such an antisocial movie .
Adorable and goofy .
What the f# ?! were Billy Bob and his two Bad Santa screenwriters thinking by turning a beloved family film into the equivalent of Bad Buttermaker ?
Profanity does not a creatively satisfying comedy make ... slim characterization and an overfamiliar premise ... -LSB- relegate -RSB- Bears to lazy , hazy , summer-daze mediocrity .
The progress of the story is predictable , as it is in all movies about underdogs . They are bad , and will get better .
Thornton 's subversive performance as the type of guy parents warn their kids to stay away from is in this PG-13 movie a tad too profane for the preteens who would really dig it and too juvenile for most adults .
The movie comes from the Lazy Man 's School of Cheap Laughs , where the class motto is : If you ca n't think of a joke , just string together profanities and raunchy sexual references .
The coach is certainly an offensive goofball , and the Bears are certainly a pack of hard-to-handle whippersnappers . But the picture 's point is that surfaces do n't tell the whole story about people , about teams , or about anything .
Delights in its unashamed vulgarity and spiritedly laugh-inducing wickedness .
Buttermaker is ornery but strangely resigned , smart enough to know he 's settled for a crap life , but too exhausted to do much about it .
The movie 's lazy slacker charm is distinctly Linklater 's own , as is the decision to cast Billy Bob Thornton as the team 's irascible , perpetually drunk coach , Buttermaker .
The charm of listening to 10 - and 11-year-old children swearing at one another begins to wear off quickly .
These kids are closer to Jose Canseco than to Abner Doubleday , and , for moviegoers , that 's good news .
Bad News Bears is n't bad , really , but it is n't good , either .
Bad News Bears is a monster all right , one that strikes fear in the hearts of moviegoers who prize taste and novelty .
Bad News Bears is a conundrum : a kids movie that kids ca n't -- or should n't -- see .
In their refusal to press too hard for laughs , Linklater and Thornton make a natural duo , both low-key Southerners high on ingratiating charm .
... feels less like The Bad News Bears and more like the cliché-riddled sports-underdog comedies that have been ripping off The Bad News Bears for 30 years .
-LSB- A -RSB- swell , fair-ball remake of the well-loved , anti-PC 1976 sports comedy .
Strong performances by Thornton and Kinnear barely compensate for the dismal `` acting '' of Kraft who ca n't begin to carry Tatum O'Neal 's spikes .
The film skitters along picking up plot lines and then abandoning them ... with the verve and mystery that atoms show when obeying the more esoteric laws of physics .
Often a shot-for-shot redux -- the worst kind of cover song .
two films colliding here-one resembling the R-rated drunken night of a college student 's rowdiness , the other resembling the awkward,PG-rated apology from a hung over man
Despite storytelling unevenness , its pervasive good nature and a bellyful of Thornton one-line zingers carries it pretty much out of the ballpark .
Not so much a terrible movie as an unnecessary one ... a sense of redundancy plagues the movie .
These Bad News Bears are just about as entertaining as the Seventies version .
The new Bad News Bears has adopted a somewhat raunchier tone but delivers enough laughs to go the distance .
Glenn Ficarra & John Requa 's respectfully faithful script and Linklater 's typically unforced directing style combine to generate many moments of laugh-out-loud comedy .

@highlight

This too-faithful remake aims low for laughs , turning off the easily offendable ; despite another lovably irascible contribution by Thornton , it lacks the ensemble strength and originality of the 1976 version .