... a terrific piece of heist filmmaking made with a rough-and-tumble attitude and old-school professionalism .
The Bank Job delivers much more than it 's title claims .
The Bank Job is an often suspenseful and sleek crime movie which shows how a group of working class slumps exposed the scandalous nature of the rich , as both spooks and crims bay for their blood .
As some characters brazenly assert colonial imperatives , race and class commentary abound and `` The Bank Job '' eventually takes a vividly violent turn . But its subtext of history 's long con does n't keep the film from hitting great-heist high points .
The Bank Job happily stole my attention
The Bank Job is not just another slick caper film . It 's robust , messy , cluttered , and a cut well above the average crime job .
Es como una película de Guy Ritchie pero sin toda esa parafernalia y sobre estetización que son su marca de fábrica .
harientizomeno me amfisbitisimo goysto kai prospoiiti aythadeia me ta anomaliarika goysta tis agglikis afrokremas tis epohis , adynatei na dosei megethos sto terastion diastaseon politiko skandalo poy aggizei -LRB- oysiastika megethoys Watergate gia tin basilik
It is n't bad , but it ca n't find a rhythm between being based on a true , ugly story and trying to be a fun bank heist film .
Despite the name of the movie , this is not the typical mindless action b-movie that Jason Statham specializes in . It is much more an exploration of British corruption , sexual and otherwise , at the highest levels of 1960s British society . Not a great movie
Jason Statham sports enough stubble to scrape the metal off a gun . Not that he 'd want to do so in this slight , silly heist movie , which turns out to be plenty of fun .
... by turns funny and suspenseful , and just a tad trashy in its speculations .
Blazing with the ring of truth , The Bank Job is a tense and involving caper movie with more than the usual layers : a genuine Royal scandal .
The best thing about this caper whose elements include a royal scandal , exotic locations , MI5 involvement , a brothel with a clientele from high places , corrupt cops , romance and a heist by a bunch of small-time crooks , is that it is based on fact .
THE BANK JOB is like a good movie trapped under ice . You can see it wants to be good on the surface , but just ca n't seem bust through .
Not a great film , maybe , but a pretty nifty one in any case .
A real , honest-to-goodness throwback to the golden age of caper flicks .
Statham é um ator carismático e a história , baseada em incidentes reais e mergulhada em clima conspiratório , prende a atenção . Ainda assim , a resolução é frouxa e maniqueísta demais , sabotando o projeto .
Donaldson spins an intricate web of toxic layers of elaborate subterfuge and deceit that keeps both the thieves and audience on their collective toes .
When the -LRB- supposedly -RRB- true story that this film is based upon was finally revealed , it is n't hard to imagine waiting over 30 years to make it ...
-LRB- The Bank job -RRB- is just a fresh flick with tons of entertainment and it goes by very quickly .
Bustles along to its central theft , then treads water until -LRB- it -RRB- can map a proper end game .
One of the more loopy caper flicks .
The tension builds to a very high level and sustains that level for a long time .
Following three theatrical bombs , British actor Jason Statham hits pay dirt with this compelling picture about the famed 1971 Baker Street bank robbery in London .
It 's not the best heist flick , but it 's fast , gritty , tense and includes a toffee-nosed British politician with a poncy accent putting on pink undies and an S&M collar while being beaten by hookers .
Per formula , Terry 's bad behavior is offset by the worse behavior of his assorted opponents .
A tall tale like this one needed to be sprightlier and cheekier ; what we get is boring competence .
Brimming with satisfying twists and populated with colorful characters , this represents a Job well done .
Whether the story is ` true ' or not , it makes for a ripping good yarn ...
Unlike the many heist movies obsessed with high-tech gadgetry and beyond-human stunts , The Bank Job , in more ways than one , gets down and dirty .
True or fake , The Bank Job is a brisk entertainment that does n't need believability to work .
There may not be much to take home from The Bank Job , but it 's a solid evening 's entertainment , which is not so common these days .
This film is full of action and actual suspense . The wit of the story is not always obvious when watching the film , but does come out in retrospect .
Knowing that something as outrageous as this could be true does give the film some added spice .
Executed with machine-like precision , The Bank Job is a ripping good caper with plenty of interesting twists .
The sagging heist section so smacks of the ordinary that the overall film never achieves the greatness its individual components promise .
There 's a lot going on in ` The Bank Job , ' but it always feels light and breezy despite the edgy subject matter .
It 's captivating , intriguing , and enjoyable throughout .
The film comes out on the upper side of things by managing to avoid blue balls .
`` The Bank Job '' is a heist movie that will have your mind working overtime and loving every minute of it .
Despite some graphic violence to mar the film , if you can hang in for the shamefully slow first half , the last 40 minutes is entertaining .
The Bank Job is smart , and it 's exciting , and it 's fun at the same time .
The first half is particularly strong , and while none of the pre-heist team building or preparations are anything we have n't seen many times before these scenes are handled with such dynamic virtuosity they almost feel original and new .
This banal nonaction story is Jason Statham 's Raw Deal or Boiling Point .
Worth a recommendation for adult audiences in search of something that wo n't insult their intelligence . Granted , The Bank Job wo n't enhance anyone 's IQ , either , but sometimes a pulpy slice of crime thriller theatrics is all you need .
All filmmakers have to do is slap together a semi-complex plan , cast the film with somewhat likable characters and tie it together with a punchy soundtrack , and I 'm hooked .
Acting and directing are consistently high caliber , but relatively de rigeur for the lot .
A spiffy heist flick that spins a complicated web of crime and reveals the importance of secrets to the rich and the powerful .
It makes the Ocean 's films look like child 's play -- or spoiled brat 's play . The Bank Job is the best film of its kind since The Italian Job .
It 's something new for heist pictures : a movie that ca n't even rip off its predecessor with any panache .
Statham fans weaned on the adrenaline flowing through The Transporter and Crank may feel short-changed , but the rest of us can appreciate the unassuming , old-fashioned craftsmanship of The Bank Job .
The Bank Job is nothing more than an efficient time-killer with the added bonus of being based on a real misadventure . But , unlike its benighted cast of characters , it gets the job done without a hitch .
A tight , classic-feeling film about losers banding together for one big score , then scrambling furiously as they realize they 're in over their heads . It 's fast , nifty , sharp and sweet .
Thanks to the twin pens of screenwriters Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais , what a jam-packed and misanthropic fiction this is .
The Bank Job is both an adrenalin-fuelled heist tale , a hit of history and a background glance at a world that no longer exists .
Longtime screenwriters Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais have woven a masterful narrative full of odd twists and dark humor from which Australian director Roger Donaldson and a prime cast mine plum characters and a tight plot to satisfying effect .
It 's a routine treatment of a heist too outrageous to be believed , even if it is based on a true story .
With its cockneys and coppers and the caper that comes a cropper , the movie is fully engaging on several levels .
The workmanlike title The Bank Job is a nice fit for this wham-bam caper flick .
There 's nothing here as lively as In Bruges or as arty as the recent London to Brighton . But if we are in a mini-renaissance of U.K. thrillers , even the so-so The Bank Job is a good reminder of what made them work to begin with .
In a marketplace that tends toward cranked-up action thrills , it 's just nice to watch a level-headed crime movie aimed at actual grown-ups .
This is an old-school caper movie , no doubt , but it has a literary feel as well -- an efficient , no-nonsense thriller wedded to a work of juicy historical fiction -LRB- a welcome break from our steady diet of pulp -RRB- .
All in all , the film written by Dick Clement and Ian LaFrenais feels both absolutely of the 1970s and absolutely fresh .
You need the right actors to make a movie as intelligent and as engaging as this one is , and -LSB- director -RSB- Donaldson knows how to make each character in this rather complex ensemble seem whole and distinct .
The movie plunges into this rank , choppy water and churns through it with a busily whirring story line and clear sense of purpose . The ride becomes its own satisfying reward , complete with the bumps and lurches along the way .
No worse than its generic title . And no better .
Based in speculative part on the true story of a robbery in a vital London safety deposit vault , The Bank Job adds the spice of political intrigue as an underlying factor to the actual crime .
Blending suspense , humor , period detail , interesting characters and bringing together a complex plot in an immensely satisfying way , -LSB- director Roger -RSB- Donaldson really pulled one off this time .
Is n't the point of a heist picture that there 's somebody , either a jauntily plucky bunch of robbers or one honest cop , worth rooting for ?
The falling-apart of this caper is much odder and more intriguing than the setting-up , but by the time The Bank Job gets there , it has already fallen apart .
The Bank Job engages us fully with a tale that 's well-fashioned more than anything else , a fascinating study of morality at several levels of English society , and of honor , or the lack of it , among implausibly likable thieves .
Well-paced , smartly told and unpretentious , this solid British heist thriller also has moments of invention and imagination
This may be just another bank job , like many you 've seen before , but here 's the payoff : it 's a heist that actually looks real for once .
There 's TOO much story here . There are so many characters , twists , and turns in The Bank Job that the movie often feels disjointed and borderline impossible to follow .
-LRB- The Bank Job is -RRB- efficient without being pedestrian , tweaking the suspense here and there to add the proper amount of intrigue to the elements .
There are few things better than a flawlessly executed heist thriller , and while `` The Bank Job '' is not that film , it certainly comes close .
... an entertaining and highly serviceable caper movie .
Donaldson has never found much of a cinematic voice , but his extensive experience serves him well on this finely tuned heist film .
It 's a welcome treat to see Statham in a movie you are n't ashamed to buy tickets to see .
The story is filled with new dimensions that separate it from a run-of-the-mill heist flick .
There 's a charming retro vibe to `` The Bank Job , '' a historical crime caper with more comic hues than violent flourishes .
Donaldson 's film , about a dangerous crime during a tumultuous time period , suffers from a filmmaker utterly uninterested in dangerous filmmaking .
Stylish direction from Roger Donaldson and British understatement balance the tension with sly and often-outrageous humor .
The Bank Job might just be the most preposterous heist film ever made . And yet , with a few liberties here and there , most of it really did happen .
Tunneling underground notwithstanding , a heist movie should n't feel this much like drudgery .
Roger Donaldson ... juggles a complicated story with oodles of peripheral characters without dropping a subplot .
... this almost unknown bank heist , with its many layers of cloak and dagger and intrigue , could have been confusing but skirts this with practiced ease by all the players .
The material is Viagra to director Roger Donaldson ... lively and effective , rolling around the known gray qualities of heroes and villains .
Director Roger Donaldson commendably avoids the violence-soaked artiness of Guy Ritchie 's crime yarns , but fails to find a strong arc of action through the cluttered , sometimes confusing story .
Fascinating .
The Bank Job would probably go down a little easier if there were n't so much potential for seizing on a ripe cultural moment . Some stories are too good for mediocrity .
The Bank Job is fun to watch while both the heist and its often bloody consequences unravel in front of you .
There 's no style , flash or flow to these proceedings -- the story proceeds as if by rote , a recital of events that 's always a few paces behind any able-minded viewer .
Ultimately , we 're not really interested in seeing whether there are any happy endings for any of these people .
Lurking behind a criminally bad title is a surprisingly tight , clever , twisty heist tale .
What makes director Roger Donaldson 's movie greater than zany heist fare is that this particular robbery really happened and that this episode illuminated an almost moral clash between the haves and the have-nots of Great Britain .
Watching The Bank Job , you buy the heist , and you also buy the entertaining layer cake of British society -- the black radicals , smut lords , and MI5 agents who treat cops like janitors , all fighting for their piece of the action .
Any heist film containing the line ` I will not be lectured by the porn king of Soho ! ' is on the right track .
Well , at least Katie Holmes and Diane Keaton are n't in this one .
Where The Bank Job really thrives is in its depiction of the cold , hard realities of a life spent dipping your hands in other people 's pockets .
It gets right the twists , the humor , the tension , the sexiness and , yes , the violence of a really fun , taut British thriller .
The Bank Job is a solidly built and entertaining Brit B-movie about a heist that goes wrong . And right .
Just is n't clever or surprising enough : it 's complicated but conventional , strikes no sparks ... -LSB- and -RSB- fails to juggle its myriad tones successfully .
Rote situations , wooden dialogue , and Jason Statham .
Maybe it 's not the 100-percent truth -- maybe it 's half , or more , invented . But it 's a damn good guess , and a ridiculously entertaining one .
No one is going mistake Jason Statham for Daniel Day-Lewis , but the action specialist still deserves better material than he 's usually given .
Owes more to Eastenders than The Italian Job with its mostly implausible piece of fiction disguising itself as a true crime story .
... a movie that 's edgy and even darkly humorous at times , and definitely worth a trip to the theater .
The Bank Job is smart , well-paced , exciting entertainment for adults -- something that is more of a rarity than it should be .
If The Bank Job is forever known as ` The One Where Statham Cold Cocks an Old Dude , ' the film 's already a wild success
The Bank Job shapes up as one of the liveliest entertainments of the year and , in its twisted way , a genuine feel-good movie .
The Bank Job is sleek , sexy , and well acted . See it , and you probably wo n't mind if it 's not all that thrilling .
This sluggishly paced caper flick fails to score .
It 's all sufficiently brisk and engaging as it 's going on , and afterward you certainly wo n't feel ripped off . But you wo n't feel any differently , either .
Roger Donaldson , the Australian-born director who , in recent years , has become the kind of solid pro that Hollywood developed in the nineteen-thirties and forties , has made a straightforward , tight-knit crime thriller .
Terrific film . Quite a surprise .
I give in . Regardless of his limited acting range and penchant for choosing the goofiest projects available , Jason Statham is pretty awesome .
The Bank Job is good old-fashioned bank heist movie that 's based on a 1971 London robbery in which a Lloyds Bank vault was emptied while the city slept .
The cast is fine , clearly enjoying the 70s period and creating characters that are likeable but thin .
Enjoyable , nicely acted and well written heist thriller that successfully weaves together a number of threads and speculates on a fascinating true story .
In short , this is not a very distinguished film , but it does have a good enough plot to keep you watching and wondering what is the result of good research and what has been constructed by intelligent guesswork .
Exciting and silly fun - but like the heist itself , you 'll wonder if it was worth it .
As a spectacle of ingenious larceny , it 's not up there with Rififi , or even Sexy Beast . But it 's not bad , either .
While other countries do state-of-the-art schadenfreude , we are stuck in the steam age . We feed coal into the engines of old-fashioned heist thrillers .
The best of British .
Cinema by numbers .
Modern , engaging and smarter than most contemporary heist movies .
Light-hearted but no comedy , dark but not depressing , a Cockney caper that 's never close to larky , it 's a back-to-basics Brit flick that tells a good story with a minimum of pretension .
Director Roger Donaldson keeps the suspense crackling . By the end , you 'll want to know more about a heist that literally did shake the empire .
An engrossing if underwhelming period thriller .
The tone is strangely erratic , aiming for the breezy high-jinks of Ealing comedy in the first half , then collapsing into dead-eyed sadism , then back to cheeky cockney chappies for a reasonably rousing climax .
Fun but instantly forgettable , this retro heist movie illuminates a long-forgotten British blag . Despite a smart set-up , its smash 'n' grab raid on '70s nostalgia leaves little to dissect over a post-movie pint .
It 's watchable ... but to some people so was Last of the Summer Wine .
Tautly mounted , it all looks authentically old fashioned , and there are a few nuggets of amusing dialogue amid the occasional violence , sexual debauchery , political corruption and overall hedonistic atmosphere .
Despite a good premise , this is oddly uninvoling -- culminating in a real disappointment .
After several disappointing films , the gifted Roger Donaldson is back on terra firma with the nicely made , fact-inspired heist thriller , placed against England 's social mores and sexual scandals just after the swinging era .
A smart , assured work from filmmaking pros blessed with a sensational cast .
One of best in the heist genre I 've seen in some time .
Has enough originality to distinguish it from other caper movies .





@highlight

Well cast and crisply directed , The Bank Job is a thoroughly entertaining British heist thriller .