The film 's infectious enthusiasm for American history-never mind that it 's an incredibly fanciful version of that history-is a welcome respite from the hyper-self-conscious civic pride Hollywood usually displays .
It is ... for all its moments a quintessential Bruckheimer project : a big movie that at its core is just too small .
Historical adventure is a fun romp for tweens and up .
Though Turtletaub 's direction is inspired , everything else from acting , to plot , and dialogue falls flat ...
Not only safe for Junior and Grandma but also pretty entertaining .
Turteltaub manages to stitch it all together well enough so that the ludicrous nature of the characters ' quest does n't hit you until the final credits roll .
If you can see the film through the eyes of a child -- one who thinks a cheesy thriller is the ideal way to pick up new facts about history -- then this is n't that bad a yarn .
A mild holiday caper , for the wettest of afternoons .
Has almost nothing to recommend it -LRB- Justin Bartha 's performance being the lone high point -RRB- , not even any gnarly explosions , which does n't bode well for our man Bruckheimer .
The treasure hunt is cool in this DVD , it 's a whole game of numbers and quizzes go get to some of the Easter eggs .
The film plays on every cliché and every stereotype imaginable , and part of its charm is playing them exactly to an audience 's happiest expectations .
The historical touches make the film more akin to classics like `` Raiders of the Lost Ark '' than to duds like `` Remo Williams : The Adventure Begins -LRB- and ended simultaneously -RRB- '' .
A big , overblown wazoo of absurdity .
This is a bravura film that genuinely understands the nature of true family entertainment and provides it in spades .
National Treasure may be dumb and relatively short on action scenes , but it 's still a lot of fun , largely thanks to Cage and Bartha .
This is Bruckheimer 's niche . Do n't ever expect him to adapt a Nicholas Sparks book into a film any time soon .
Few can argue that the movie is totally unbelievable , but if one is able to leave all sense of logic at the door , it 's very hard not to have a darn good time in the process .
Stealing the Declaration of Indepenence is easy - making an interesting film is tough !
... a semi-historical mystery-thriller ... too many chases and clichés keep this good movie from being great .
This movie could n't be more stale if it 'd been dug up by archaeologists .
All of this could have been lots of fun . If only Harrison Ford , or someone just as good , had played Ben .
Works fairly well as slick , enjoyable hooey ... in its general approach if not all particulars , this could represent a promising new approach in family entertainment .
... a mock-epic assault on the conventional wisdom of American history .
It is harmless fun , but it could have been done a lot better .
a passably enjoyable adventure romp
-LSB- Cage -RSB- ust can not cut it playing an intellectual , and his Ben is convincing only in the scenes where he is evading bullets or hanging by one hand over an abyss .
That the movie manages to maintain interest and gain occasional involvement is somewhat of a feat considering , although not enough of a feat for it to succeed .
As realism , Turtletaub 's movie flops . As escapism , though , grab the popcorn , kick your feet up , and have a blast .
About as edgy as a child-friendly TV movie ... . And despite being at least a half hour too long , it 's great fun while it lasts .
Strangely , I. . . found myself liking this movie .
It 's fun and occasionally amusing and it did n't give me a headache . That 's not the sort of endorsement that gets you quoted in the ads , but it 's the best I can muster .
This movie is a fortune wasted .
What 's the secret to turning a clever treasure adventure into a humdrum theme-park ride ? Here 's a clue : Jerry Bruckheimer .
Instead of another Raiders of the Lost Ark , we get to watch plunderers of a lost art .
Imagine eating your favorite sub sandwich ; you know exactly what it will taste like , but it 's just what you wanted : simple , tasty and satisfying .
Who knew the Founding Fathers were cultish Masons hording gold under Wall Street ? Perhaps the craziest film ever made by Jerry Bruckheimer .
One of the funniest movies of the year . Too bad it 's not a comedy .
National Treasure gets more entertaining as the preposterousness rises .
If The Goonies starred adults , contained a pamphlet 's worth of history , drew half the laughs and lacked Sloth and Chunk , it would be National Treasure .
Jon Voight spends his scenes in unintentionally hilarious rants about how much he hates clues .
It 's a fun ride to a boring payoff .
So bad on so many levels .
Every Bruckheimer film is a potential pot of gold and this one is no exception .
too preposterous to be believed yet too concerned with historicity to work as an adventure tale .
An awfully contrived and terribly executed adventure , particularly disappointing in that it sports a fascinating story and some decent actors . **
Follow this exciting adventure and thrill to the mystery and chase .
An underdone pastiche of Raiders of the Lost Ark and a really tedious high school history class .
Somewhere between the emulsion and the nitrate of this film there 's a map to the Bruckheimer fortune .
` We hold this truth to be self-evident , ' said Thomas Jefferson , ` If I had seen this movie first , the only thing I 'd have traced on the back of the Declaration is my resume . '
Cage ? Movie star as social studies teacher .
Sure it 's dumb , but it 's tons of fun and ever so slightly educational .
Lacks originality and wit .
Who knew the Founding Fathers had the time to drop clues throughout the eastern U.S. .
The movie has less to do with interesting characters or clever plotting than with having the actors scurry from place to place in search of missing treasure .
A dumb movie National Treasure remains , but only the unkindest heart could call it bad .
It 's easy to underestimate the value of a popcorn movie that works as well as this , especially if you have n't seen many recent failed attempts .
Watching it is akin to sitting next to someone else hogging the PlayStation controller as he steers a character through a maze in search of clues that lead only to more clues that finally land in a dreary dead end .
It 's not exactly Raiders of the Lost Ark , but Disney/Touchstone 's National Treasure is certainly watchable treasure-hunt hokum .
Taken simply as a popcorn flick , National Treasure has its pleasures .
Despite some preposterous twists , it is a treat to watch a movie with a hero who confronts enemies , threats and clues with wit and insight instead of guns and grenades .
The best cinematic comfort food you could ask for .
Ten minutes into the picture , you 're searching the screen for life-support machines .
A silly , stupendously artificial enterprise .
Secret societies revealed , a quest for the truth and treasure , a hateful bad guy , and a good guy and good girl who share some romance along the way ...
This infantile excuse for an adventure yarn plays more like a triple-cross between The DaVinci Code , CSI , and The Amazing Race than Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
A serviceably entertaining but ultimately forgettable bit of escapism .
Sluggish for a Jerry Bruckheimer production , but maybe the kids will learn something .
As documents go , this one tastes like cardboard .
Yeah , it 's got a lot of gab in it about unalienable rights , but would n't the Declaration of Independence really be something if there were a treasure map on the back ?
A movie that uses stealing the Declaration of Independence as a starting point ? Need I mention that this is a Jerry Bruckheimer production ?
With one of the more preposterous climaxes in the history of film , this movie flunks every test of believability .
In trying to maintain a PG rating , director Jon Turtletaub establishes a wavering tone that 's at turns raucous , infantile and imbecilic .
The best thing about National Treasure is how clever it is .
Cage plays Gates way too broadly and crudely ; I half expected him to break into his patented Elvis impersonation .
An almost tongue-in-cheek fantasy wrapped around well-researched historical details .
It has no ambition , little sense and false sentiment , but it does have velocity , high spirits and scale .
The plot is all breathless riffs and jolly twists , and even Cage looks strung-out .
Plays a lot better than it sounds . Trust me .
Though I 'd never call the film a treasure , if you do n't take it too seriously , it 's on a par with most Bruckheimer actioners .
You think for a minute it might tip the movie toward an ending of real integrity -- you know , like the real treasure being the Declaration itself .
Cage invests none of the edge , passion or heart we 've come to expect from him in the part . Bean has no decent villainous moments , and the rest of the cast -LRB- save for Voight -RRB- is forgettable and generic .
A decidedly less exciting popcorn movie that tries to mix Indiana Jones , The Da Vinci Code and several strands of conspiracy theory in one blandly entertaining package .
People run . Things blow up . Sometimes , just to add another layer of nuance , people run away as things blow up .
Interminable and riddled with plot holes you could drive a humvee through .
Nicolas Cage usually brims with personality , but you would n't know it from this pedestrian ripoff of Raiders of the Lost Ark. .
None of this should work , but in the best Bruckheimer tradition , it does .
Despite its superficiality , National Treasure is undeniably enjoyable .
Great escapism .
A witty comedy caper .
Safe , simplistic and stylistically inert film fodder meant only for the least discerning multiplex zombies .
A joyfully convoluted adventure yarn that moves lickety-split through clichés , plot holes and overall narrative mayhem until the whole unlikely rig screeches to a halt .
National Treasure is not so much a no-brainer as a brain-stunner , so audaciously ridiculous you are initially intrigued , then soon irritated by its incoherence .
Definitely has minor moments of Matterhorn-ride amusement for what 's otherwise an insultingly preposterous , culturally barren clump of exploitative , flag-sticker patriotism .
A National embarrassment .
A formula-action exercise that 's part Indiana Jones , part Da Vinci Code , part history trivia lesson and all bluster , Treasure proves quickly that it 's fool 's gold at best .
If you 're looking for National Treasure to rewrite history , you 're wasting your vote .
Passable , lightweight entertainment .
A scavenger hunt conceived in liberty and dedicated to the notion that all Jerry Bruckheimer films are created equal -LRB- equally dumb , that is -RRB- .
National Treasure falls a bit short both as a window into the American past and as crackling good adventure .
Laudable , at times inventive .
The film 's trio of credited writers fails to generate anything in the way of character , and they create the largest and most unwieldy plot holes in a long time .
A satisfying torrent of chases , escapes and discoveries .
A bruising US history class , taught in Dolby Surround .
The ` North by Northwest ' of a new generation it is not , but ` Treasure ' provides two hours of easy escapism ...
Like an episode of Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego ? with explosions and car chases .
Is n't likely to be branded as either Bruckheimer 's best or worst ; but his latest bit of Cage carnage is well-acted , well-directed and full of interesting ideas .
Hop-scotches up the Eastern seaboard with no real zeal , detouring at historic landmarks like a tour bus on steroids .
It might feel like a Dan Brown bestseller . But Americans have an appetite for historical mysteries ... and capitalizing on that appetite is about as American as you can get .
The movie gets a little cheesy -LRB- with some definite Raiders of the Lost Ark moments -RRB- , but it 's got humor , a little suspense , and lots of action .
If Dick Cheney had attempted to write The Da Vinci Code , he might have envisioned something like `` National Treasure . ''
The film is far from perfect , but what do you expect from the director of 3 Ninjas .
National Treasure is so silly that the Monty Python version could use the same screenplay , line for line .
I 'm convinced someone was n't paying attention when the project received a greenlight , so the filmmakers should feel pleased that their movie turned out as passable as it did .
Keep this one buried .
We 're left with three Oscar nominees , the retard from Gigli and the broad who launched a thousand ships in Troy being pursued by the FBI and logic bringing up the rear .
The meat of the movie is like The Da Vinci Code ... but this heist makes The Perfect Score look like Ocean 's 11
This is spreadsheet filmmaking , soulless and overly designed for maximum box-office effect ...
Unfortunately , it lacks the conviction to embrace its own garish awfulness , resulting in little more than tedious historical and patriotic hokum ...
This would be fun if director Jon Turteltaub did n't move things along at a snail 's pace .
A cornucopia of ridiculously over-the-top action , humor , and romance conceived in the Bruckheimer tradition .
An impatient , over-plotted caper-mystery populated by undercooked characters , far-fetched contrivances and routine genre twists .
On the heals of the very popular adventure novel , The Da Vinci Code -LRB- by Dan Brown -RRB- , `` National Treasure '' takes many elements of that book -LRB- intentional or not , you decide -RRB-
Fluffy , frenetic and sometimes downright farcical , National Treasure makes gleeful fun of itself while leading us popcorn-munching escapists down a tangled , painless adventure trail .
It 's everything you loved about The Da Vinci Code , stripped of its religious context and transposed to early America .
One of the more implausible movies in recent memory .
This long , and long-winded , series of middling cliffhangers wo n't pump the adrenaline of action aficionados .
Too dumb and improbable .
The picture is 25 minutes of fun , spread over 125 minutes .
It 's bad news when a Bruckheimer movie makes one downright nostalgic for The Rock ...
Treasure may fall a notch below Pirates of the Caribbean on the pleasureometer , but it does give American history sex appeal and celebrates a guy who relies on brainware rather than gadgets .
With its ludicrous frisson of patriotism and a nod to The Da Vinci Code , a more cynical grab for Hollywood gold is hard to imagine .
Has all the soul , wit and originality of a major co-branding campaign .
An above-average popcorn movie .
This one 's no treasure . But it features a few interesting baubles .
The clever bits are swamped by no-brainer gunfights , rescues , and chases galore .
Almost every scene in this generic action movie is ripped off from somewhere else .
It 's that kind of careful attention to detail that makes something like The Goonies more thrilling and easier to accept than this .
Remove the logical progression of events from The Da Vinci Code and you 've got National Treasure .
When the effects seem more real than the characters , the quest , and , especially , the jokes , even an overstuffed movie like this one just feels empty .
A rip-roaring , high-spirited American adventure , it 's one of the best scavenger hunts to come along in ages !
An adventure zipped up with a light smattering of history .
From the very first action scene in the frozen Arctic , to a chase up the Liberty Bell tower , to the climax in a tunnel deep below New York City , National Treasure takes you on an exhilarating ride .
Rancid cinematic cheese .
This patriotic action-adventure from Walt Disney Pictures is n't worth the hype it 's getting , even though its somewhat-historical premise is engaging .
The lighthearted , rocket-paced adventure does n't have a shred of plausibility -- and it does n't pretend to . But it has oodles of fun .
All it is , really , is astonishingly boring , terribly stupid , and , it bears repeating , boring . It 's boring . -LRB- Also stupid . -RRB-
Despite an interesting premise and a decent cast , the movie swings randomly between too much explanation and not enough , between simplistic cliche and inscrutable babble .
As vanilla a filmmaker as they make 'em , Turteltaub 's filmography does n't exactly inspire the greatest confidence that he can handle a monster-budgeted action/adventure .
Alluringly over-the-top without being overcooked .
It fakes high concept , but turns into a whole lot of hooey .
National Treasure is a wildly inventive thinking person 's Raiders of the Lost Ark film .
A radical adventure it is , with Nicolas Cage strapping on the hero boots to solve clues , dodge bullets and dangle off of underground wooden structures .
This is one screenplay that would have excelled had all the dialogue been excised or retooled .
While it may be blasphemous to recommend ` National Treasure ' , it 's probably not far off the mark to say -LSB- it will -RSB- keep fanatical fans of high-tech hesit movies content .
Does n't this movie 's plot sound like some educational movie that 's supposed to trick kids into learning because they made a game of it ?
While clues abound in National Treasure , I was left clueless .
falls short in many ways , not the least of which is a ridiculously moronic plot that defies reason at every turn
As a family-friendly adventure , the film undoubtedly excels - though it 's clear the movie could 've used a little less adventure and a little more sleuthing .
... may well have the most asinine plot in the history of cinema .
It 's pretty preposterous and a little too long but kind of fun .
This goofy , good-natured dry run for The Da Vinci Code is almost well-meaning enough to compensate for its countless problems .
One scavenger hunt that 's definitely not worth playing ... it has more climaxes than a porno movie .
Cage ... all but sleepwalks through the film with an expression and body language that could be the result of his jockeys being just a scooch binding
An exciting little adventure movie differentiating itself from the pack by focusing more on its string of clues than it does on setting up the next big piece of stunt work .
A smart , entertaining little adventure through American history .







@highlight

National Treasure is no treasure , but it 's a fun ride for those who can forgive its highly improbable plot .