An artful unflinching analytical doc on the devastating civil war in Syria that won the top prize at Sundance .
The filmmakers deserve extra praise just for embedding and endangering their own lives to produce such a display of heroism .
... not an easy film to forget or ignore .
The Last Men in Aleppo documents a catastrophic crisis that still requires international attention , its mishmash of methods produce an effective end result , albeit lacking considerable evocation beyond the subject 's raw intensity to sway its audience .
Gripping docu shows real-life footage of ongoing Syrian war .
A handsome final product that nevertheless knows when to deliver its audience a startling shock . Its repetitious , sure , but that 's part of the point .
-LSB- It -RSB- give -LRB- s -RRB- chilling context to the weight of how long these conflicts have raged .
An unflinching , grippingly realistic , and heart-rending documentary about the senseless carnage of war .
Provides an unforgettable look at people forced into their best , defined by constant moments of terrible clarity .
Overall , the `` you are there '' footage lends the film a more journalistic than artistic tone , yet the emotional effect is intimate and unforgettably gripping .
This heartbreaking yet inspiring film is the best and worst of humanity all in one story .
The rescue and recovery efforts are , of course , harrowing and haunting .
A tightly focused , on-the-ground account of three men who serve in the White Helmets .
While `` Last Men in Aleppo '' could stand a trim here and there , it mostly uses its length to good and heart-rending effect ...
A cool , objective film critic could complain that Last Men in Aleppo becomes repetitious , but it 's that repetition that eats into your mind and makes objectivity foolish .
Deeply affecting portrait of two White Helmet first responders who struggle to save the lives of victims of Russian and Baathist terror .
A heartbreaking chronicle of a city under siege , Last Men in Aleppo exemplifies the power if cinema .
Last Men balances the visceral and the melancholy .
Last Men In Aleppo has the upsetting urgency of breaking news : There are moments that could have come straight from a live stream , given the violence that 's still rocking Syria , months after Fayyad 's cameras stopped rolling .
Last Men In Aleppo urges us to see the reality behind the news .
May be one of this year 's most important and significant documentaries .
An unforgettable and essential documentary about something that demands to be seen , even if it can never hope to be understood .
An unflinching depiction of life in a vulnerable city , a place where innocents are constantly under attack , and the few people doing their best to protect it .
A documentary both urgent and mournful ...
Even though Last Men in Aleppo is mostly a ground-level , you-are-there experience , the eyes of history , and maybe even of something greater , are never far .
The film is broadly concerned with portraying the titular Syrian city as a community of neighbors and colleagues .
The most immersive and emotional experience I had at Sundance this year , it brings a faraway crisis up close and personal .
-LSB- It -RSB- may not be the most comprehensively explanatory or analytical film yet made on the war , but it 's the one that provides viewers with the most sensorily vivid and empathetic sense yet of how it feels to live -LRB- and die -RRB- through the carnage .
Last Men in Aleppo is one of the most difficult documentaries you 'll see this year .
It 's hard to look at the lifeless young bodies here , but equally difficult to look at the hopeless eyes of their rescuers .
Hard to watch , but necessary .

@highlight

Heartbreaking and hopeful , Last Men in Aleppo paints an urgent portrait of war-torn Syria , putting faces on an ongoing and complicated conflict .