-LSB- Knightley & Miller -RSB- frolicking on the beach ... could easily be a couple of models from a Boden fashion shoot at play .
Despite the supposed passion that such material should inspire , what is presented is an emotionally void `` love '' story , which features three cold , distant , and un-likeable characters .
When it 's over ... we have to wonder why any of it mattered in the first place .
Maybury tackles the great Dylan Thomas in The Edge of Love , a speculative investigation into a cloudy period of the poet and dramatist 's personal life . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
click for full review
Ah , the London Blitz . Bombs falling , buildings on fire , people dying all around . Good times , good times .
Unfortunately , like the murky visuals , the story is also muddled .
A bit too arty and concerned with quasi-historical detail to catch fire as a romance -LRB- doomed or otherwise -RRB- , and too yawningly familiar in its major chord plotting to set sail as a honest character ensemble .
While all the pieces are there for an intriguing film , John Maybury 's The Edge of Love never really becomes anything .
The Edge of Love is literate and often lovely to look at , but unless you 're requesting an off-key bohemian rhapsody , do not go gentle into that good theater .
The Edge of Love holds a lot of promise in its first hour and never completely falls apart , but it 's ultimately not the movie it might have been .
This may be Knightley 's first truly mature performance . Too bad it arrives wrapped in doggerel .
Though very uneven in style and focus ... the fraught complications among the foursome raise universal issues of freewheeling young love and friendship during wartime .
The picture 's combination of stylistic splash and pretentious turgidity makes for a long slog . It may be accurate , but by the time it drags to an end , you wo n't really care .
A period romance , charged with provocative undercurrents about art , war and the eternal battle of the sexes .
For all its vivid evocation of its characters ' tomorrow-we-die bonhomie , the film finally never quite convinces viewers of its central subject : the sisterly , almost sapphic bond between Vera and Caitlin .
The movie makes for an engaging enough period piece .
While Thomas fans will regret seeing their literary hero reduced to a generic drunk , even those awaiting the aforementioned bathtub scene will find it barely worth the effort .
More a Gary Springer sex brawl than a Blitzkrieg bohemian romp , with Dylan mainly playing incorrigibly horny and urinating on house plants . And a court duel from nowhere , with the entire free love posse nastily at each other 's throats . Paging Nancy Grace .
Booze and jealousy make a toxic cocktail , one that 's heavily imbibed with much self-lacerating gusto in the grim British drama The Edge of Love .
The Edge of Love is the sort of muddled melodrama that has little to say about love , or anything else .
Notably only for a first act that credibly depicts a four-way relationship among friends and lovers without tilting embarrassingly toward titillation and/or soap opera .
A stagy , arty , and uncompelling account of the Welsh writer and his menage-y relations with his boozy Irish wife and his young Welsh girlfriend .
Like a museum piece , placing historical figures in frozen positions , and asking us to judge them as the curators do .
the film ends with a muddle ; several stories have been shown onscreen but none of them have really said anything .
Occasionally , Angelo Badalamenti 's fine score will pleasantly remind you of Mulholland Drive . Knightley and Miller 's pseudo-sapphic tub-splashing will not .
A perfect storm of pretentiousness ... You end up wishing the Germans would just finish them off with one well-placed bomb .
I thought it looked incredible .
It felt like a lighting class , not a movie .
The film is on far less ground when it eventually becomes yet another wartime domestic tale , with Maybury 's semi-kicky style draining out slowly until mediocrity settles in .
The best thing The Edge of Love could do for you is to send you back to Thomas 's poetry . Dash this folderol . Open Under Milk Wood .
... wonderful performances by all the actors , but historically misleading , and does n't scratch the surface of what bohemian monsters Dylan & Caitlin Thomas were .
British biopic about Dylan Thomas , his wife , Caitlin , and their relationship with another couple is as maudlin as a poet after too many pints .
No one seems to know what the movie is about ; is it about the friendship , Thomas 's life and women , or the war ?
A literary tale featuring Matthew Rhys as the poet Dylan Thomas in which Sienna Miller and Keira Knightley fill up the screen with their beauty and vitality .
The Edge of Love has , as they say , all the tools , all the elements that usually make for success . It ought to be coaxing superlatives from all and sundry , but instead it leaves a bitter , unsatisfying aftertaste that lingers in the mind .
Has about as much to do with Dylan Thomas as it does the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Even when Lindsay Lohan 's not in a movie she can still screw it up .
Director John Maybury showed a defter hand with the artist biopic in his 1998 Francis Bacon film , Love Is the Devil .
Edge does n't aspire to be anything more than a juicy British wartime soap opera , but when it finds delicious pockets of whispered betrayal , artistic impotency , and cherry-lipped invitation , it adds up to a convincing sit .
Striking performances from Keira Knightley and Sienna Miller fail to compensate for the film 's lack of narrative clarity .
Above all else though , it whets the appetite for another look at Dylan Thomas and his wife , a prospect which previously seemed dauntingly difficult for a film-maker to tackle .
It is an exasperatingly unfocused and underpowered movie that , like Churchill 's famous themeless pudding , is unsure what it is supposed to be about .
Dylan Thomas 's life is represented here , but John Maybury 's hollow romantic drama is more interested in his women than in his literary art .
Maybury at least makes it lush , which is a relief from the drab realism of other English lit biopics .
Solid , if melodramatic ...
An intense and strangely beautiful film ...
The film 's cinematic signature is made up of moody imagery that is still grounded in reality , but with poetic flourish . Angela Badalamenti 's score is elegantly understated
Love , war and poetry swirl together to form this cocktail of a film , in which fantasy and reality are the main , but conflicting ingredients
Impressively directed , superbly written drama with career-best performances from both Keira Knightley and Sienna Miller .
The cast is strong and the first act has an intriguingly dreamy quality , but it gives way to a soggy ending .
As a look at two women who find an unusual connection , it 's rather beautiful .
While the period drama has several redeeming features , tonally it 's all over the map , veering between artsy stylization and hum-drum , sometimes almost twee melodrama .
The film succeeds as a deeply involving study of men and women caught up in a whirlwind beyond their control .




@highlight

Despite effective performances from Knightley and Miller , The Edge of Love lacks a coherent narrative .