Surely the first law of attraction is that Pierce Brosnan is n't . This is the man who turned James Bond into the kind of guy who owns a juicer .
There 's no reason to see this movie .
Pitched as a homage to George Cukor 's 1949 classic romantic comedy `` Adam 's Rib '' -LRB- with Katharine Hepburn and Spencer Tracy -RRB- , `` Laws of Attraction '' is far separated from that film 's exceptional timing and sincere comic exploration of a competitive couple of
An affable -LRB- if entirely forgettable -RRB- romantic comedy ...
In the end , lazy scriptwriting leads to a lukewarm verdict .
... painfully predictable , full of super-sized implausibilities , and crowded with supporting characters that are underdeveloped and overplayed .
Standard opposites-attract romantic comedy .
What 's perfect for -LSB- Moore -RSB- is that the movie uses manic farce to crack the self-possession that usually keeps her so remote from us .
The two lead players ... seem the least likely of anyone in the film to fight for themselves , unless you give them very large cocktails .
Like a Lladro statuette , this milky film is pretty and hollow , intellectually suspect but capable of providing a warm frisson of well-being
The actors work hard to concoct some chemistry , but it 's tough to be Tracy and Hepburn , let alone Doris Day and Rock Hudson , when you 're trying to get your mouth around lines that would n't pass muster on a UPN sitcom .
O único elemento que salva esta produção do desastre total é o carisma da dupla de protagonistas .
falls consistently flat , despite the best efforts by all involved
Watch Hepburn and Tracy in Adam 's Rib . It 's very something .
With its preposterous premise , it 's hard to imagine what could have possessed this top-notch cast to get involved in this fiasco of a film ... . the script is a disaster
Akin to your favorite `` American Idol '' contestant being prematurely knocked out is seeing two very likable actors trapped in a disappointing film .
Predictable fluff , well-acted .
Laws of Attraction has all the street cred of Glamor Magazine , and all the edge of Larry King . Which , incidentally , are two things the target audience would love .
Director Peter Howitt shows a facility for reducing an intriguing premise to lowest-common-denominator fodder for network TV .
Legally bland .
Despite a few flickers of charm , the film seldom raises itself above the level of pleasant . And pleasant ai n't sophisticated , and it certainly ai n't sexy .
So completely separated from any sense of reality that one ends up gnashing their teeth in frustration while trying to stomach the sickeningly sweet premise
Brosnan 's effortlessly charming performance , paired with Moore 's prickly likeability , makes it a rather attractive proposition , all in all .
Your Honor , I object . It 's not fair . Pierce and Moore are just not equally matched . He acts rings around her .
Sometimes in the movies , the laws of attraction can only lead to a misdemeanor .
This so silly that it never should have splattered onto the big screen .
Brosnan is at ease playing the suave cad , but all his vim and vigor is overruled in favor of director Peter Howitt 's sappy romantic motions .
Obvious throwback to the battle-of-the-sexes comedies of the 1940 , but this film lacks the wit of those earlier movies and , more importantly , the point .
The mix is almost unwatchable .
I did n't hate Laws of Attraction ; I did , however , like it better in its 36 or so earlier incarnations .
What could have been an enjoyable modernization of classic character stories becomes little more than a pedestrian romance tale .
Terrible , terrible film .
You wo n't need a keen legal mind to judge ` Laws of Attraction ' more talky than fast-talking .
Enjoy the fun in this fun romantic comedy .
The only problem is that there 's no attraction in Laws of Attraction . That 's another way of saying ` no chemistry . '
The film does n't have a ` plot ' so much as it has a series of weak , pointless scenes that are n't funny , do n't develop the characters and do n't further the story .
The time spent watching this hackneyed waste is interminable , frustrating , and quite boring .
Lacklustre mix of dated screwball and Irish whimsy .
There 's nothing awful here , but also not a single aspect of the movie to really like .
The exquisitely talented Moore , obviously uncomfortable with rapid-fire banter , should sue director Peter Howitt for an annulment , on the grounds of nonsupport .
With Moore and Brosnan as the star-crossed pair , the sparks that fly are brighter than in your typical romantic comedy .
Moore and Brosnan add some small sampling of sophistication to a script that does n't have any .
Every so often a movie comes along that offers so much of so little you 're left wondering why anyone bothered writing it , much less financing it , casting it and releasing it .
When you 're in a bubbly mood , there 's nothing worse than flat champagne . -LRB- Or stale ginger ale ... -RRB- Yet that 's the overall impact Laws of Attraction makes .
Not steamy enough to qualify as sexy fun nor zany enough to be a no-holds-barred farce , it adds up to 90 bland minutes of pseudo-sitcomy nonsense .
The plot , the dialogue and the main characters ' love connection are basically mind-numbing , and even Parker Posey ca n't save the show .
Julianne Moore and Pierce Brosnan create just enough chemistry to carry Laws of Attraction .
Actors of Julianne Moore and Pierce Brosnan 's caliber should not be subjected to playing bland and distasteful characters in mediocre romantic comedies , especially when they actually share some onscreen chemistry .
Julianne Moore 's talent is simply too heavy for her to rise above this quicksand comedy .
It 's not awful , but it feels tired , like it 's just another in a long line of cookie-cutter movies about pretty people .
There 's nothing like a good romantic comedy . Which brings to mind Laws of Attraction , which is nothing like a good romantic comedy .
I loved watching Brosnan and Moore go at it as New York lawyers Daniel Rafferty and Audrey Woods .
What dampens the breeziness is the slightly mothballed feeling that this has all been done , before and better .
Yet another attempted replica of the Rock Hudson-Doris Day battle-of-the-sexes comedies of the late 1950s and early '60s -- and yet another weak imitation .
Brosnan and Moore are attractive , but there is n't much chemistry between them .
Not even Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn at their peak could salvage Laws of Attraction .
There is a great deal of strain in Moore 's work here , the kind that often indicates an attempt to fill holes in a weak script .
A film that is antic and strident instead of witty and shrewd .
The larger question is not whether these two will wind up together , but rather , if the filmmakers wanted to make a teen movie , why did n't they use real teenagers ?
A by-the-numbers , rehashed romance .
Pierce Brosnan is impossibly suave ; Julianne Moore is faultlessly lovely . But the heat they generate together could n't spark a Boy Scout 's campfire .
More chemistry between the leads would have helped .
A handsome reminder that there 's a reason they keep making -- and we keep watching -- this sort of movie .
It 's a movie you forget while you 're watching it .
Laws of Attraction is a movie about adults for adults and that is as beguiling as it is rare .
The only thing missing is a story .
Laws plays like a middling episode of Moonlighting , with the focus on the lawyers instead of the private eyes they hire .
The film appears to have been assembled by agents with stopwatches on their clients .
Disappointingly tepid and lacking in essential chemistry , Laws of Attraction simply never adds up to much .
A competently made formula movie .
Slight and unamusing trifle .
Watching Moore and Brosnan do this modernized yet willfully dated dance is honeyed entertainment .
-LSB- The leads -RSB- really deserved more from the director , Peter Howitt and co-writers Aline Brosh McKenna and Robert Harling , who among them come up with less than one serviceable screenplay .
A souffle that never rises .
Laws of Attraction is like the Hepburn-Tracy movie Adam 's Rib -- without Hepburn , Tracy , Adam , or his rib .
Balances between two perfectly opposing poles : a central couple who utterly enchant us , and a supporting structure that completely fails to capitalize on them .
Brosnan and Moore look great together on the poster , but in the film the pairing is n't perfect .
Phony in every place it wants to be funny .
They run out of story abruptly ... it leaves you a little unsatisfied like you were expecting a full meal and all you got was a pink snowball .
You wo n't find yourself counting the hours until it 's over , but this throwaway stuff certainly does n't play to Moore 's incredible acting strengths or raise the bar for the romantic-comedy genre .
This Attraction is one besotted , befuddled affair
Though it 's not good enough to make you forget the Tracy-Hepburn comedies , it is good enough to make you remember them .
... manages to suck the considerable charm completely out of both Brosnan and Moore .
-LSB- A -RSB- spires to -LSB- nothing -RSB- more than awkward running gags that start out as illuminating snatches of characterization and do n't know where to stop .
Lawyers-in-love romantic comedy has a retro snap that almost knocks the dust off of the plot , even as Brosnan and Moore shine .
A handful of truly enjoyable performances left adrift in a sea of rom-com cliché and chick-flick simplicity .
Lack of wit , style or any apparent on-screen chemistry - the very things that a film of this nature needs to survive .
You have to admire Pierce Brosnan , Julianne Moore and Frances Fisher for never giving up in Laws of Attraction . But watching actors labor so strenuously to re-create the feel of vintage Hollywood deflates the cause rather than exalts it .
Laws of Attraction is fun .
-LSB- The cast and crew -RSB- are all victims of a script of such colossal banality and gross stupidity that smiles freeze on their faces , leaving them looking trapped and desperate , much like the audience .
There oughta be a law - or at least a code of honor -- among Hollywood screenwriters from pushing forth lame hard-genre stories like Laws of Attraction .
A leaden attempt to recapture the effervescence of classic screwball .
Whatever intrigue is generated by the pairing of Brosnan and Moore swiftly dissipates due to a cliche-ridden script .
The efforts of the cast are not enough to lift Laws of Attraction above the cautious banality of a midseason replacement sitcom .
a light as air story that benefits from a charm-your-pants-off performance by Pierce Brosnan
This movie treats romance as a science project and spends more time worrying about product placement than character development .
Director Peter Howitt never attains a fluid beat with this dishonest romantic comedy , instead delivering an episodic , bumpy ride
The dialogue is hit-and-miss , and the plot , short on surprises .
This sort of legal-eagle premise worked beautifully in the bygone Tracy and Hepburn days , declined when the Coen brothers made Intolerable Cruelty , and hits rock bottom here .
Disastrous casting , a clunker-laden script , and snooze-inducing direction .
A hit and miss comedy that 's never terrible and never great .
The whole movie reminded me of a Halloween superhero cape : thin , flimsy and fake .
A clever , if not terribly enduring , romantic comedy .
Fairly forgettable .
Laughably predictable and lamentably unfunny .
Julianne Moore can be many , many wonderful things -- beautiful , talented , redheaded , heartbreaking -- but funny does n't seem to be one of them .
A fun date flick .
-LSB- Brosnan -RSB- has his charm emitter turned up to 10 , and -LSB- Moore -RSB- manages to insert episodes of loopy behavior without calling into question her character 's intelligence .
-LSB- An -RSB- agreeable cliche of a movie .
It tries to emulate the great Spencer Tracy-Katharine Hepburn classics , but ends up a pale copy .
A middling film that wastes a lot of good opportunities , as well as two fine , charming co-stars .
-LSB- A -RSB- disappointing romantic comedy that never shifts into high gear .
The leads have moments of charm , but a movie deserves stars who sizzle .
Brosnan and Moore are a perfect pairing in this magnetic movie
Audrey learns that she must tolerate dishonesty of a devastating sort , because in this universe , Daniel 's insanity prevails .
Shortchanges the courtroom scenes , where the sparks would really fly in a pluckier script ...
Boasts the over-polished sheen of an apple waxed and stroked so many times that it 's more aesthetically impressive than palatable .
Adam 's Rib -LRB- 1949 -RRB- is by no means a great movie , but seeing as pale an imitation as Laws of Attraction makes one pine for its offhand , witty charms .
Brosnan is magnificent with truckloads of charm ... -LSB- Director Peter -RSB- Howitt allows Laws of Attraction to slow down and get away from its madcap premise .
one bad , long-winded lawyer joke
If ` Laws of Attraction ' were a TV sitcom , it would be canceled before the second show .
The charming chemistry of the leads and the lightness of tone achieved by director Peter Howitt ... keeps the whole enterprise afloat .
Operates on such outdated , unimaginative conventions of movie chemistry that Moore and Brosnan end up appearing older and stodgier than necessary .
The script exhausts its laughs and surprises after the first half-hour , spiraling down into turgid soap opera and taking too long to get to its foregone conclusion .
-LSB- Brosnan and Moore are -RSB- an engaging team , which makes it all the more frustrating that they 're let down by a trite screenplay .
Boo .
While it 's done up with gloss and good will , it falls far short of its models and winds up innocuous , but thin and decidedly creaky .
Our counselors ' lawyer-ese is illegally bland , and their committee-penned banter meticulously Botoxed .
All but the most ardent of Brosnan 's admirers will find this to be an uninspired round in the cinematic battle of the sexes .
Julianne Moore and Pierce Brosnan appear to like one another , but their sizzle is a fizzle .
In the absence of anything original , there are several things to enjoy here .
Any chemistry between Julianne Moore and Pierce Brosnan is stripped away by the repulsive traits of their characters .
The key problem to this romantic comedy about husband-and-wife lawyers on opposite sides of a court battle is that one is never convinced that Pierce Brosnan 's Daniel Rafferty and Julianne Moore 's Audrey Woods are really a couple .
Brosnan 's seductive charm outshines the dull script .
Julianne Moore currently essays maybe the most obnoxious white woman in a Hollywood movie since Erin Brockovich .











@highlight

A bland and forgettable copy of Adam 's Rib .