Fascinating but labored attempt to solve an 80 year old `` murder in paradise '' mystery .
-LSB- An -RSB- exotic thriller of a doc .
In this gripping true-crime story , an absurdist stew of petty tensions and quasi-Nietzschean dynamics rip apart the tiny colony of Europeans who settled one of the Galapagos islands in the '30s .
holds the viewer and compels him
The wealth of letters and journals , read by a strong cast that includes Diane Kruger and Connie Nielsen , provides an instant emotional charge .
To make a thrilling documentary about the past , you need dead people who were honest or creative in ways you can exploit . This extraordinary film , which deconstructs a murder mystery from the Thirties , has such people in spades .
It 's like an Agatha Christie plot .
Quite a few pounds of fat could have been cut from this film , but it 's a remarkable tale .
Could do with a brisker edit , but the bizarre , exotic nature of the subject matter is wholly riveting and confidently staged .
Its unhurried pace and inability to wring tension from the conflicting accounts ensures that though it fascinates , the film never fully enthrals .
The story at the center of The Galapagos Affair is fascinating and historically resonant , and Goldfine and Geller tell it well .
The mysteries are fascinating , all the more so because they are still unsolved .
The peculiar fascination exerted by The Galapagos Affair is a testament to our voyeuristic desire for real-life tales of odd characters in awful situations .
A dazzling documentary about an unsolved murder in an ad hoc community in the Galapagos islands in 1934 .
`` The Galapagos Affair '' spins a strange and compelling tale , with perfectly sinister music by Laura Karpman setting the mood . But the movie is better at building suspense than following through .
Despite The Galapagos Affair 's bloated runtime , clocking in at a shade over two hours , the two-thirds of the film that is good is a very compelling illustration of the inescapability of human nature and the constraints of society .
With effective use of archival footage , modern interviews , and narration from survivors ' journals , this doc will have viewers debating whodunit for hours over postscreening beers .
Rare document of adventure , disillusionment and death , but the mystery remains .
The Galapagos Affair is an interesting and bizarre story about the way in which noble dreams so often lead to folly .
The film feels less like a whodunit than a `` why did n't they do it sooner ? ''
Lingers instead of investigates , shaping Affair into something routine when the primal experience of life lived on an alien landscape is more fascinating , especially with these unique personalities and tempestuous time period .
This compelling piece of historical detective work is , in fact , less about what people have done to the islands than about what living on the islands has done to people .
It would take a series of spoilers to explain who might have killed whom in `` The Galapagos Affair . '' See the movie and find out , and revel in the grim gallows humor .
Fascinating , if laboriously-titled true story with exotic locale , heated rivalries , a sexually rapacious Baroness and voice-overs by Blanchett , Kruger and Nielsen .
It 's killer in every sense of the word .
Though the pace occasionally flags during its two-hour running time , `` The Galapagos Affair '' is a fascinating look at a place of great beauty and remoteness , and at the kind of people drawn to live there .
Move over , Charles Darwin , when it comes to great tales about the Galapagos , you 've got company .
How could this not be a great documentary ? By putting it in the hands of Dayna Goldfine and Dan Geller , who have squandered their sensational subject into a two-hour slog .
This assemblage is generally well-constructed .
The denouement plays like a remix of Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness with a chorus of unreliable narrators .
Easily , this is the most irresistible movie of 2014 , so far .
If the movie tends to sprawl a little , that only reinforces its validity ; too-tidy packaging might betray the telling , nuanced weirdness of the tale itself .
It 's a nutty real-life forerunner of Survivor , not to mention Gilligan 's Island .
It 's about a particular mystery concerning tourists , a mystery that remains unsolved and not a little disturbing . It is also , more generally , about what makes tourism inherently disturbing .
Truth is usually stranger , and often more intriguing , than fiction , and this well-told narrative is a perfect example .
A stranger-than-fiction gem .
I wonder what Charles Darwin would have made of this movie . Survival of the fittest does n't begin to explain what happened on Floreana .
Everyone has a different theory on `` whodunit , '' and the fun of the film is to make your own guesses .
The lessons , although obvious , bear repeating .
Fascinating documentary about the human history of the Galapagos Islands which is , as is so often the case , more dramatic than any kind of cooked-up tropical fiction .
Somehow , there 's a great deal of silent-film footage of these folks , taken at the time of the events described , as well as a treasure trove of still photos , allowing directors Daniel Geller and Dayna Goldfine to keep things visually compelling .
Celebrities including Cate Blanchett , Diane Kruger , and Josh Radnor supply plain voiceovers of the islanders ' writings , usually over still photos , and the point of view changes so haphazardly it 's difficult to keep all the personalities straight .
How anyone could make such an uninvolving movie out of such a fascinating subject remains its own inexplicable mystery .
Breathtaking scenery and slick editing , but convoluted , unfocused and overlong .
At the birthplace of Darwinism , we witness human potential give way to animalism .
The doc never yokes all these threads into anything particularly deep or illuminating . The Galapagos Affair is less social commentary , more gossip .
Constructing a true-crime film where all of the first-hand subjects are long gone is a tricky thing . Yet Geller and Goldfine rise to the challenge .
A bizarre real-life drama of the 1930s is well told in this resourceful documentary .
-LSB- A -RSB- disorganized docu .
The film ... may be rather too padded with tangentially linked contemporary interviews , but at its heart there is some wonderful material and a gripping real-life story .
The material and resources are certainly substantial , but the filmmakers clumsily weave separate stories together without detailing anything beyond a tangential relation .

@highlight

It does n't quite live up to its marvelously lurid premise , but The Galapagos Affair is still stranger than fiction in a very entertaining way .