... mostly this is a movie that wants to linger on mesmerizing movement .
If Wong Kar-wai 's Ashes of Time Redux -LRB- 2008 -RRB- is not the most beautiful movie ever made , then at least its beauty is sufficient to obliterate , for the moment , the memory of all others .
It 's hard to recommend a film as frustratingly inaccessible as this one , but if you go into the theater expecting a trip to an art gallery , you might be pleasantly surprised .
Redux clocks in at a slightly shorter running time than any of the previous versions Wong has offered . The tighter edit is a better fit , but ultimately , it 's not enough .
The film 's imagery is its most striking asset , creating an impressionistic sense of both vastness and intimacy that frequently overwhelms the characters and their problems .
It 's like watching paint dry -- which is n't very exciting , however pretty the colors .
Ashes of Time Redux , like that line from Hey Jude , takes a sad song and makes it better .
Wong Kar Wai could make even a compost heap look as gorgeous as a Vermeer .
I know Kar Wai 's got a fanbase , but to me he 's equivalent to a recent film school graduate using all of the post-production tricks that he 's learned , either to show off what he 's learned or to cover up his lack of talent .
Wong 's film is to be appreciated as poetry on film , an aphorism-filled ode to lovestruck dreamers , and for its beautifully rendered images .
The motion picture as mood ring .
Maybe something gets lost in the translation , as often happens , but Wong may be giving us the first Eastern .
Unfathomably gorgeous ; perhaps even the most gorgeous film Wong Kar-Wai has yet made , which is not a bit of praise I hand out lightly .
Beautiful to look at , with painterly compositions , gorgeous , emotionally charged close-ups and slick , elegant transitions . It 's all for naught because the story seems no more coherent than the flourishes of a kaleidoscope .
In the end , it 's not unlike a Jackson Pollock painting . No matter how close or how far away you stand from it , some people just get it and some people do n't .
For this director 's cut , Wong has trimmed several minutes and reorganized the narrative according to the passage of seasons , though the plot is still impenetrable .
Wong Kar-Wai does n't supply much of a plot with a narrative engine to pull us through .
Even drastically altered as it has been in Ashes of Time Redux , the strengths and weaknesses of the film are the same .
The film remains an acquired taste at best .
I struggled to engage with the archetypes contained within the images , even with all that meticulously restored golden-yellow sand .
Wong Kar Wai seems considerably more out of his depth than other Chinese filmmakers who have slummed in the martial arts genre . This ca n't compare to Chen Kaige 's The Emperor and the Assassin or Yimou Zhang 's House of Flying Daggers .
... magnificent on a purely sensual level ... The new version is shorter by about ten minutes and is divided by chapter headings , which make the film slightly less confusing .
One man 's befuddlement is another 's awe at the ineffability of time , and from either perspective , this is a spectacle not soon forgotten , even if never understood .
Would we have wanted Picasso to go to the Prado with a brush and some tubes of paint to ` fix ' portions of ` Guernica ' that he no longer liked ?
The kicks are more to the head and heart than to the body .
Ashes of Time Redux is primarily a sensory experience that deserves to be seen on as big a screen as possible .
This is a film for followers of Wong Kar Wai and for fans of nostalgia .
Martial-arts fans may find themselves disappointed , but Wong Kar-wai addicts will be delighted .
Shot by Wong 's longtime cinematographer , Christopher Doyle , Ashes is dreamy and splendid and definitely deserves to be seen on the big screen .
Redux is a piece of visual poetry without much interest in conventional narrative .
Wong 's reworking has n't made Ashes more coherent , but it 's still a gorgeous enigma .
The reworked version is a visual feast , even if the human dimension seems somewhat shortchanged .
The film has been remastered and reordered . But the story , such as it is , remains secondary to Wong 's sensibility . Even in violence , the movie billows and lilts .
It 's a little visually precious and obscure but still a marvelously wistful film of regret and retreat ...
With apologies to all the flat-screen salesmen and mail-order movie companies , it is n't a film to be seen anywhere but on the largest screen available .
Elliptical , sweeping , lovely and thoroughly confusing , Ashes of Time Redux is not a film to rent . It 's well worth paying to see it on the big screen .
I think I started to come close to understanding it ; regardless , I 'm very fond of it , and it 's easy to get swept away by its lonely majesty .
Each of these storylines wash over one another , refusing to take on a fully-fledged shape and yet they have a surprisingly cohesive cumulative effect .
Wong 's reconstruction fails to reinvigorate this romantic epic .
The film has all the visual flourishes we expect of Doyle and Wong , and they 're reason enough to see Ashes of Time Redux . Just do n't expect to make sense of the plot .
Only in its final scenes do the usual WKW themes emerge in full bloom , but purists should n't miss it .
Ashes is glorious and ultimately wrenching , but it 's a tough journey .
Gosh , it 's pretty .
The wash and wax has definitely given it a flashy millennial look , but Wong 's lyrical stream-of-consciousness prequel to Louis Cha 's legendary novel The Eagle-Shooting Heroes remains a typically impenetrable .
Leave it to Wong Kar Wai to take a straightforward martial arts tale and weave its characters into one of his movies about soul-searching , love , isolation , and longing .
-LSB- Wong 's fans -RSB- should have no trouble navigating the amorphous , dreamy threads of either version of Ashes of Time .
the dazzling kick to the head it was always meant to be .
Provides a fascinating glimpse down a path perhaps advisedly not taken .
Ashes of Time has such emotional , aesthetic intensity that its title -- one of the greatest in movie history -- is fulfilled .
Ashes of Time looked battered and bleached-out ; Redux takes place in an alternate universe in which sand is the color of mustard and skin looks like it 's ready to ignite .
For the love of all things sensual and mysterious , see this one on a big screen .
Ashes of Time remains less an example of early Asia Extreme than one of Asia Extremely Confusing . But Wong 's strength has always been his use of screen sensuality , and this colorful revision ups the expressionism to dizzying heights .
In a move that would become his trademark , Wong rejects the happy ending for the almost ecstatically sad , making your heart soar even as he tells you , essentially , that it 's impossible , all of it -- that it 'll never work .
Ignore the incomprehensible storyline and soak in the melancholy mood of Wong 's ethereal vision .
One feels the passionate intensity of the filmmaker in every strand of his luminously intricate narrative .
For those who can appreciate bold cinematography at the expense of a coherent story .
Wong heightens action tropes the way Sergio Leone found arias in western showdowns , though in his version of the Hong Kong martial-arts netherworld the mandatory melees play second fiddle to the characters ' melancholic languor .
So long as you go into this film with the intention of letting it wash over you like a symphonic operatic piece , you will enjoy it as the cinematic treat Wong Kar-wai intends .
Wong reconstructs his 1994 film , a story of honour and regret in a surreal ancient China that resembles . It 's a metaphysical Western , evocative and also a bit cold . But it 's so beautifully filmed that we do n't mind .
It is still a rather melancholy variant in which the swordplay scenes are of secondary importance to the triptych of tales with voiceover narration and copious flashbacks .
Wong Kar-Wai 's 1994 epic , remodelled and reissued , looks spectacular , but trying to follow its storyline is a test .
It is magnificent eye candy . Forget the plot -LRB- which you will be hard-pressed to understand -RRB- and store in your memory for later use the dialogue 's Zen Buddhist proverbs .
Even sword-slashes `` sigh like a breeze '' . Martial arts fans might gag but Wong fans who were disappointed by My Blueberry Nights should see this . It 's the look of lush .
Despite the boom in Asian cinema since its first release Ashes of Time Redux is quite simply one of the best films of the year .
The changes - a reworked score , less murky colouring - serve to bring out more lustrously than ever the yearning wondrousness of this star-laden -LRB- Leslie Cheung , Tony Leung , Carina Lau , Maggie Cheung -RRB- treasure .
I found its flashbacks and general structure muddled and opaque , and I am unsure how rewarding the film 's intricacies and indulgences look now .
Wong 's elliptical , enigmatic storytelling is lent a real lyricism by the stunning photography . It 's visually rich , drawn in a colour palette that includes searing acid yellows and scorched ambers and reliant on reflected light and layered images .
More melancholy reverie than heroic spectacle . It 's mesmerising cinema but it stops just short of being so wonderful that you forgive or forget the sketchy storyline and thin characterisation .
It makes for frustrating and unreasonably demanding viewing .
Christopher Doyle 's mesmeric compositions remain unaltered , his experiments with colour , light and texture giving the imagery an artistry that majestically survive the moments of clumsy viscerality attempted during the fight sequences .
The full restoration of Wong Kar Wai 's 1994 classic highlights its flamboyant visual style , while again showing his idiosyncratic , contemporary vision even when handling a seemingly simpler genre film set in the past .
Viewing it on the big screen , with a blaring soundtrack , only amplifies the director 's singular achievement .
Through the poetic prose of the dialogue , the gorgeous photography , and the pitch-perfect performances , the abstract ideas become tangible and concrete .
The difficult , mysterious Ashes of Time instigates a mostly equivocal response , albeit one wet from tears .












@highlight

Wong Kar Wai 's redux , with a few slight changes from his 1994 classic , is a feast for the eyes , if a little difficult to follow .