The incredible struggle of a woman to recover her son , at a time when women 's voices simply were not heard ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Angelina 's performance was powerful and at times agonizing .
In a movie `` based on '' a true story , if the drama does n't have a ring of authenticity , it can seem even more suspect than fiction , especially if the source material is distant and obscure : it makes you wonder what really happened .
Eastwood 's latest confirms its director as the dean of American melodramatists and as an accomplished yet unadventurous artist as uncomfortable with ambiguity as his admirers appear to be .
Angelina Jolie evokes every parent 's worst nightmare , and provides a career defining performance while doing so .
Rich in authentic-looking period detail and punctuated with powerful acting , Eastwood 's tale holds you in its firm , grim grip .
What we 're left with is a straightforward sob story ; a haunting , matter-of-fact depiction of cruel injustice that could n't fail to touch a nerve in any context .
Jolie is alternately distraught and outraged -LRB- in good ways -RRB- but Eastwood 's film is an odd mix of genres that never quite settles into the one we want to watch .
It 's a gripping tale , as infuriating as it is jaw-dropping at times , but it also becomes a frustratingly sprawling one here .
Dreary , Oscar-or-die vehicle
A long cry from her typically one-dimensional heroine roles in films such as Wanted and Tomb Raider , Angelina Jolie proves she is more than just a gun-wielding sex symbol .
It 's a strangely arid piece of filmmaking , handsome , respectful , unsensational and thoroughly lifeless .
Angelina delivers a fearless performance in a film that is far from conventional , but oh so lovely to look at .
The film ... becomes more of an examination of ... the misogynistic contrivances movie heroines have consistently been put through for audience entertainment .
The story 's impact is reduced by the filmmakers ' decision to make everyone who is part of ` the system ' not just complicit in the conspiracy , but also lacking humanity .
There are moments when it seems as if it wants to be an inspirational story about a person who refuses to be beaten by a corrupt system -- but it does n't , in the end , settle for the uplifting narrative .
Every element , including the photography , the production design , and Eastwood 's own plaintive music score , seems close to perfection .
Changeling will engage both your fears and compassion , I have no doubt . And it will stay with you long after vou have left the cinema .
This is an Oscar-calibre performance from Angelina Jolie . She conveys a sense of grief , desperation , fear , sadness and determination that is absolutely palpable .
A deftly handled tale about one woman 's quiet and determined struggle to overcome seemingly insurmountable odds .
Eastwood is a director made for melodrama and this one proves a lot juicier than Gran Torino , with its dry , dogged sense of righteousness .
Clint Eastwood is a vital force of nature . Born May 31 , 1930 , the unflappable 78-year old director is still creating powerful , unique movies . Changeling is remarkable evidence of that .
Set this film alongside Gran Torino and it 's evident that Eastwood is the most impressive classical director working in US cinema today .
Stranger than fiction % u2026 . and more powerful for it
Changeling is unforgettable ; for its extraordinary story , for Angelina Jolie 's haunting performance , for its subtly beautiful cinematography , for Clint Eastwood 's masterful filmmaking
Adota uma estrutura equivocada que o torna infinitamente mais longo do que o ideal , enfraquecendo ambas as tramas ao jamais explorá-las adequadamente .
Changeling offers powerful performance and storyline that wo n't leave you dissatisfied .
Eastwood and Jolie take their time trying to draw a realistic and complex character sketch , which runs at odds with the hyped-up surroundings and circumstances .
Frankly , if Clint Eastwood added some arias , this might 've made a pretty good opera .
Its story is not easily forgotten .
A compelling , adult period thriller , with an Oscar-assured performance from Angelina Jolie .
It 's a tough movie but also rewarding and inspiring : something of a quiet triumph .
A handsome but slack , long-winded retelling of an admittedly fantastic real-life case that displays Eastwood at his least effective . Jolie is fine in an award-bait role but she 'll probably be going to the Oscars alone .
Changeling , like Letters from Iwo Jima before it , is a mature , thoughtful and sometimes brutal movie that casts a cold eye on the past while sending shivers through the present .
What a bold , virile , operatic piece of film-making from this 78-year-old director . He is now well into a remarkable late period , and I sense we ai n't seen nothing yet .
Changeling fails because , despite its awful subject matter , it is n't very moving . Eastwood is too classical , too restrained a director to get inside his characters ; they feel like well-costumed showroom dummies .
Jolie looks every inch the star , but as with Joan Crawford or Ingrid Bergman , gives a believable and shining performance despite her beauty , while Malkovich has n't been this good in years .
Eastwood 's own score aids and abets the process , ladling washes of mournful gloop over a glut of emotional scenes .
I 'm always wary of that overused word ` masterpiece ' , but this is one film that deserves the accolade .
You will never see a film which so well proves the adage that fact is stranger than fiction .
The bigger the scene , as melodrama intensifies in this movie , the more its truth-based tale turns into grand guignol on the griddle .
There are so many hints of a really good film lurking here that at times it feels as if the real article has been stolen away , an inferior knock-off put in its place . Heck , I 'll settle for the one I 've got .
The sensational material is episodic and gut-wrenchingly affecting but Eastwood keeps a strong hand on it , even if it often feels like a big-bucks version of a daytime TV drama . The Oscar race starts here .
Sometimes the grimness and grandeur gel ; sometimes they just add up to pompous soaps .
Beautifully made , emotionally gripping drama with a powerful central performance by Angelina Jolie that 's sure to attract Oscar buzz .
It 's hard to recall a more moving film of recent times than this . That it 's based on a true story makes it compelling enough . That director Clint Eastwood has created something so emotionally true is a tribute to him and a cast of a very rare brilliance .
Jolie gets many opportunities to cry and a few to overact furiously , but even her fury gets lost in an interminable ending and period detail that does n't just envelop the film but suffocates it .
The overall result is a movie that will disappoint only those who require tidy endings wrapped up in pretty bows . Along the same lines , those who find fault with the brutish depiction of Christine 's tormenters fail to grasp the patriarchy of the period .
Clint Eastwood occasionally works at cross-purposes against his film 's best elements . -LRB- Please can the mournful guitar already . -RRB- But its polish comes from Angelina Jolie 's performance , a burnished look , a macabre mood and icily chilling moments .
A powerful true story makes this film worth seeing ... but Eastwood chooses to tell this as an over-produced , over-wrought melodrama .
The performances by Jolie , Malkovich , Jason Butler Harner and others are outstanding in this film .
The film is compelling despite a lack of dramatic focus , but Jolie does n't add a single element to make the film appreciably better .
A true-crime story worthy of James Ellroy , but staged with somber exactitude ...
Writer J. Michael Straczynski and director Clint Eastwood keep abducting their own movie and flagrantly replacing it with a different one .
How could a film with so much turmoil , drama and pulp elements become boring ? Because it contains too much of all of the above .
Both the best qualities and worst flaws in Changeling have been evident in Eastwood 's work for some time now .
Eastwood , who has made fine movies in recent years , has got hold of a humdinger of a story . But he 's too detached and lazy here .
What , you may ask , is a `` Changeling ? ''
for all its power , fury , and superb tension , it carries within it another , and unfortunate sort of tension , that of a flabby script doing battle with lean direction
Whatever you think of her public image or some of her past roles , -LSB- Jolie -RCB- has really come into her own .
Jolie is superb in presenting a mother 's heart , so intertwined with her child 's safety , she will defy policemen who have subverted their duty ... with staggering arrogance .
Changeling is n't Eastwood 's best , but it 's very well-told .
The material is sufficiently compelling to override most of the film 's problems . In short , it 's a great story , but only a good film .
Eastwood and Jolie are an unbeatable combination .
The film is nothing less than riveting . What hooked me above all else was the chance to peer into a different era where trust went a lot further than it does today .
Jolie propels this chilling true tale with a performance that reminds us of her acting prowess .
Most filmmakers begin their careers hungry and looking for every possible nuance to improve their film . In his 78th year and with 35 of them under his belt as a filmmaker , Eastwood still has plenty of creative steam . ... This is no victory-lap production
Despite great performances and a boastful production design , the film is bloated with enough story for two movies . Because of this , the movie alienates itself from being fully involving .
Angelina on fire , in a movie resonant with an integrity and uncompromising historical and emotional truth certain to give the best of outsider indies a run for their money . A seasoned Hollywood screenwriter could n't make this stuff up .
A patently preposterous ` true story ' strictly for the very gullible .
Somewhere along the road , Dirty Harry became the biggest feminist in Hollywood .
Eastwood is a brilliant filmmaker who leaves nothing to chance % u2026The details of the era are sensational .
` Changeling ' feels like a letdown despite several powerful moments because the adaptation could have used a little retooling before the cameras rolled .
... a powerful , grown-up drama about someone who fought the system because the wrong was so great she simply could n't do anything else .
It is unfortunate that something this exceptionally manicured could also be this listless and dull .
This is Jolie 's dazzling show , cementing her acting credentials .
Though gripping at times , the pace of the movie plods along with all deliberate speed that might prompt occasional glances at the wristwatch .
It 's a mystery ! Wait , it 's a corrupt-cop thriller ! No , it 's a miscarriage-of-justice melodrama ! Oh , it 's a courtroom drama ! Changeling wrestles with more questions of identity than its heroine ever does .
As relentless as a steam iron searing a crease into a dress shirt .
Changeling we ca n't believe in
A beautifully measured , well-acted period piece , with a fine performance by Angelina Jolie .
While Changeling is a powerful film with many solid performances , it 's obvious attempt to win awards gets in the way of telling a good story .
-LSB- Clint -RSB- Eastwood plows from scene-to-scene-to-scene with workmanlike precision , slowly building his film to a hammering intensity .
Changeling is little more than a frustrating missed opportunity that 's dressed to the nines , but a day late for the party .
Eastwood loses control of the last half of the movie because he has no interest in the specifics of the mystery and because his view of police corruption is confusing at best .
Clint Eastwood 's Changeling falls into a common trap : by trying to do too much , it accomplishes too little .
Eastwood and -LSB- screenwriter -RSB- Straczynski also give the story roughly 50 endings , and the director can be too melodramatic or on-the-nose .
This is one movie where the star really is the star . And delivers a performance of which any actress can be truly proud .
If Changeling lacks the knockout power of , say , Million Dollar Baby , it proves that Eastwood continues to seek out stories that take him places he has n't been before -- and the audience along with him .
It is a misfire , a silly and borderline absurd story that can not excuse its twists and turns with the simple ` a true story ' declaration that opens the film .
Even with a running time of nearly 2 1/2 hours -LRB- which , to Eastwood 's credit , moves along at a brisk pace -RRB- , it 's hard to avoid the feeling there should be more to this story than what made it on screen .
Changeling is a pretty good Lifetime Original Movie . But it 's a far cry from Clint Eastwood 's best films .
Crooked cops cripple the City of Angels in an impeccably-fashioned 1920s -- if only the script had been given the same rigorous treatment as the production design .
Changeling is a very good movie that misses being great by the smallest of margins .
... director Clint Eastwood once again fires the first shot in the Oscar battle .
A missed opportunity with amazing moments stuck next to failed ones . The Dark Knight will get the Best Picture nomination Changeling could have earned .
-LSB- Jolie -RSB- 's oozing that mysterious charisma that 's half dazzling intelligence and half riveting talent and half the magic of the gods of Hollywood smiling on her , and through her .
How could a story as genuinely bizarre as this one seem so generic and rambling on the screen ?
Eastwood 's meticulous direction and the sheer outrageousness of the story make for absorbing drama though the strangeness of the facts makes the material seem overpacked .
Changeling is a brilliant , demanding film , a mystery-cum-character study about which we finally have to make up our own minds .
Not one of Eastwood 's best films , but an engrossing tale nonetheless ... all the more compelling for its stranger than fiction credibility .
There are parts of the film that are far more horrifying than anything the makers of the Saw features and other gruesome terrors could ever imagine .
Eastwood 's grim handling of even grimmer subject matter could have used some paring down toward its histrionic ending , but Changeling is still one of the director 's most assured and engaging historical horror shows .
The film slowly and deliberately builds a head of righteous indignation ; along the way it becomes a sort of feminist fable .
With its many tonal shifts and dangling subplots , J. Michael Straczynski 's sprawling script is a problem . Jolie 's performance is another .
You know its a bum year for movies when a director as good as Clint Eastwood takes on material as weird and wild as The Changeling and whiffs .
Changeling is compelling and flush with outstanding period detail , yet it ca n't locate the brakes , skidding from nail-biting tension into watch-checking boredom all too easily .
If the film is too long and a little unwieldy in its later acts , the consummate craftsman in Eastwood glosses over that with detail and righteous rage .
Changeling is a fine-enough movie . It 's just that it 's aware of the fact , and neither Eastwood nor Jolie ever lets the audience forget it .
It 's hard to imagine anyone liking this meandering , boring and ultimately undercooked mess of a movie without doing some serious contortions to apologize for Clint
Like listening to a great violinist scraping the bow across the strings : for the most part it 's quite beautiful , but the scratches are what stand out .
Eastwood abandons his unique emotional style for a drama about police corruption . Jolie should have channeled Anna Magnani .
Flattened out and oversimplified to the point of preposterousness ... Eastwood 's never handled such a squeaky-clean , insufferably perfect protagonist before , and let 's hope he never does again .
Not in the knockout category of `` Million Dollar Baby '' but very worth seeing despite about 30 minutes of indulgent excess .
This hothouse Changeling is freeze-dried .
A movie made with awards season in mind , `` Changeling '' offers extravagant affects and overwritten speeches .
... this is a film that , like -LSB- Jolie -RSB- , could have stood to have its makeup smudged .
Proper drama is more than just screaming at the camera , and everyone involved here certainly knows the difference .
Could have been made in 1938 with Bette Davis .
Suspenseful drama is heartbreaking , if overlong .
It 's long and messy , covering all the bases and then some , but it 's also fantastically entertaining . Its 140 minutes feel more like 90 .
A fascinating true-crime story , elegant period detail , and Clint Eastwood 's consummate filmmaking technique mask -LSB- that -RSB- ... Changeling lacks enough grit and intellect to convert moody melodrama into thoughtful drama .
Changeling succeeds as both a compelling mystery and a period piece that still feels relevant today .
Another Oscar-worthy masterpiece from Clint Eastwood .
When it works best , Changeling is a feverish and bluntly effective parable of wronged innocence .
Eastwood , working from a script by J. Michael Straczynski , tells a painful true story neatly and well , with one foot in rousing Hollywood melodrama and the other in a story that resists tidy resolution .
... it draws you in from the quiet beginning , and holds you all the way through to its frightful and beautifully edited conclusion .
Connections are missing or scrambled between the filmmaking and the period , between the co-stars , Angelina Jolie and John Malkovich , and between the characters they play .
While the neo-Gothic tale is inherently intriguing , the film should inspire strong emotion , but deliberate pacing and a contained sense of melodrama make it a surprisingly passive experience .
Changeling reminds us that the veneer of civilization is thin and made of quicksilver .
To see this film is to understand both how fragile and how essential our hopes for decency and truth are in a world that must be made to care about either one .
-LSB- I -RSB- t is not enough to declare such improbable material historically accurate and leave it at that . It is Eastwood 's burden to make it feel true ... and in this , Changeling is a singular failure .
Suffers from more than its fair share of showy moments .
The line between drama and melodrama is a fine one , and Clint Eastwood steps on both sides of it in his elegantly sad new film , Changeling .
Clint Eastwood is in the midst of one of cinema 's most notable late growth spurts .
Normally , Jolie is an actress capable of both intensity and subtlety , but her performance here is too amped up to register as anything more than a star turn . Did nobody notice that the real Angelina had been snatched ?
Changeling is another remarkable addition to Eastwood 's directorial canon .
The script is compelling , the direction confident , the production values professional . But it does not , in the end , feel real .
This does n't keep it from being watchable and even riveting at times . What is never clear though is how Eastwood and screenwriter J. Michael Stracynski want us to feel about the mother 's search for her son .
-LSB- Jolie -RSB- is never less than convincing slipping into the cloche and shapeless garments of Christine Collins , a single mother living in 1928 Los Angeles whose nine-year-old son Walter goes missing .
Heavy-lifting , indeed . And , although Eastwood directs the narrative excess with his usual restraint , this time the results are mixed .
Changeling may be the most beautiful horror film ever made ; it may also be the most boring .
The movie avoids any nuance or shading in Collins . It starts in black-and-white , and that 's where it ends .
This incredible but true story marks the first time Eastwood 's signature themes have found expression in a woman 's experience , and the absence of any distracting machismo only heightens his sense of helpless rage .
It all just seems like window-dressing for Jolie 's best-actress clip at the Oscars .
Eastwood overcompensates for the movie 's meandering with a succession of hysterics -- from men , women , and children .
For a drama about a missing child , Changeling is curiously devoid of any sense of urgency .
The film is so clinical , so methodic in its approach and handling it almost feels perfunctory and inert , all its momentum vanishing pretty much about the time Walter disappears .
The aftertaste is of a richly satisfying film made by a craftsman at the peak of his directorial powers .
Despite all this talent , Changeling still comes off as a period version of a movie on Lifetime .
A frustrating film which will have a life in theaters and for years to come thanks to one central , stunning performance , but is ultimately a wasted opportunity .
Eastwood is one of our greatest living filmmakers , and he turns in a good , well-made movie , but his straightforward , bread-and-butter approach does n't always work with material this grim .
`` Changeling '' is not a complete embarrassment but it just never comes together into the dramatic and emotional powerhouse that it is pretending to be .
This is a real life drama that will shake you to the core !
It 's a stunning film that races along like a page-turner novel you ca n't put down .
Parental Content Review
Right when I thought Eastwood was becoming an `` Oscar Mamma 's Boy , '' he brings out this amazingly brutal true story that is filmmaking at its finest .
Changeling is no escape , but more of a two-hour plus trap that never springs on us ; a story of three parts that is thematically as absentee as the child himself .
As good a movie as this is , and it is very good , and as true as it is , the star of the movie for me was the loving recreation of 1928 Los Angeles .
The 78-year old director continues his prolific streak of directing success with yet another highly crafted , uniformly well-acted , fearlessly gut-wrenching drama that bears his personal stamp on every frame .
... loses its emotional impact beneath too many story offshoots while ironically giving short shrift to a couple that warranted more .
Where much of Changeling works at once as a compelling mystery and an agonizing human drama , it starts to drift in a series of final scenes that finish the story while losing all sense of urgency .
A gripping true story , stranger than fiction .
The Changeling does n't invite the viewer to share in its heroine 's disorientation , rage , and grief . Rather , it keeps us at a stately remove , presenting Christine 's suffering as a kind of religious tableau .
A film lacking in dramatic propulsion and actorly grace from Clint Eastwood , a director usually synonymous with both .
It has not a single unnecessary stylistic flourish . No contrived dramatics . No shocking stunts .
A mesmerizing film that burns in the memory .
Biblically classical , tastefully vintage with aerial shots of wet umbrellas and Homburg hats and not a little staid considering its sensational source material , Changeling is n't so much dull as it is an open book .
A moody , melancholy period drama that 's beautifully crafted but very subdued and obvious in its effects .
Changeling is n't just a mess of manipulative attitudes like a Spike Lee film , above all , it 's an extremely unpleasant experience .
The oldfangled deliberateness of Eastwood 's style has backfired this time , only adding to the sense that though you may not have heard this particular story before , you already know everything that 's coming .
For a director who knows how to balance histrionics with a lack of sentimentality -LRB- see Mystic River -RRB- , Eastwood is unable to modulate tone or performances here .
Changeling is the real deal , as good as any film -LSB- Eastwood -RSB- has ever made , and 10 times more electrifying than most . It grabs you by the throat and never lets go .
Mr. Eastwood , particularly , with his finely honed noirish instincts , should have sprinted more and cantered less .
Image trumps performance .
There is considerable anguish in Eastwood 's storytelling , and an almost palpable sense of moral outrage - understandable , given the indignities Christine Collins was made to suffer .
Eastwood tells his haunting , sorrowful saga with such a sure , steady hand , only a very hardened cynic could fail to be moved .
Audiences will be forgiven for reaching for their coats and then putting them down again over and over ; everytime you think this tune is done , there 's another 38 bottles of beer on the wall .
Suffers from its lack of focus by trying to create an overly complex story that would probably have been just as interesting if it were kept simpler ... and shorter .
Changeling is beautifully wrought , but it has the abiding fault of righteously indignant filmmaking .
The way Eastwood shoves Jolie 's suffering in our face is like a threat to the Academy : ` And the Oscar WILL go to ... ' She 's a great actress . She does n't need his domineering chivalry .
Exploring oppression and corruption , Eastwood is a cinematic storyteller of extraordinary eloquence . ''
If Changeling develops any sort of pop-culture currency , one could foresee a drinking game in which college students take a shot every time Ms. Jolie shrieks , `` HE 'S NOT MY SON ! ''
A powerful , epic tale that marries feminism to political reform .
The story of what happened to Christine Collins is fascinating , and there are so many ways a director could have gone with it instead of just giving us a Lifetime movie draped in expensive period production values .
Clint Eastwood 's late-life renaissance continues at full steam with a typically understated and emotionally wrenching drama .
Clint Eastwood again brilliantly portrays the struggle of the outsider against a fraudulent system .
Emotionally powerful and stylistically sure-handed .
` Changeling ' sticks to what was , and is , ugly and real but does not do justice to the nightmare .
A desiccated nowhereland , like something waiting to be feasted on by Stephen King 's ravenous Langoliers .
There are three or four movies competing for attention within Changeling , and unfortunately for Clint Eastwood , they 're all equally dreadful melodramatic drivel .
We drink every time Angelina hysterically proclaims , `` He 's not my son ! '' We get very drunk , and this may be why we ca n't figure out why Clint Eastwood made a cheap-looking Lifetime movie that eventually turns into an `` And justice for all ! '' episode of SVU .
Opens our hearts to the excruciating anguish of parents of missing children and the continuing terrible mistreatment of women by men in positions of power and authority .
This undisciplined picture ca n't decide which kind of movie it is : melodrama , courtroom , serial killer thriller , procedural , period epic ...
A dressed-up period piece with nowhere to go , a cipher masquerading as a heartfelt piece of work .
Changeling announces itself as an autopsy of an expansive body of lies that it never actually performs , and as such the surprisingly graceless and phony aesthetic is what lingers most .
It must be noted that the movie demands some degree of resolve from its audience , and it promises no simple resolutions in return . This will trouble some , yet one ca n't call its rigorously factual approach dishonest or cheaply manipulative .
Apart from a flashing neon light coda , Eastwood 's drama made for a respectable competition entry at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival .
Despite Ms. Jolie 's hard work and Mr. Eastwood 's scrupulous attention , -LSB- Jolie 's -RSB- difficult , fairly one-dimensional character fails to take hold .
Eastwood 's femme-driven thriller explores police corruption and social injustice in an old-fashioned , studio-era-like film that lacks much nuance or complexity but is nonetheless enjoyable .


@highlight

Beautifully shot and well-acted , Changeling is a compelling story that unfortunately gives in to convention too often .