I do n't know why I even bothered to watch this .
I truly , truly recommend watching either of those instead of The Unborn . Or your wall . Just staring at your wall is also an acceptable alternative too .
I kept hoping Oldman would revert to his Sid & Nancy punk persona and kick the little freak in the yarbles like some pain-deserving Springsteen fan , but no such luck .
Unoriginal , unbelievable , utterly unwatchable .
Smoking-hot heroine . Clever paranormal premise . Painfully clueless conclusion .
-LSB- An -RSB- exuberantly creepy mash-up of Jewish folklore , J-horror atmospherics , and demonic possession boilerplate .
The Unborn is packed full of grisly images and effects , but its apparent attempts to be some kind of Jewish take on The Exorcist fail miserably .
The best that can be said for Goyer 's latest is that it 's competent . How competent is a matter of debate , as is the degree to which Goyer is self-aware about the film 's camp value . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Should have been aborted .
What The Unborn represents manages to be a thousand times more disturbing than anything Goyer captured with his pen or camera
There is a senseless scare every 5-7 minutes . Now , after one or two you start to get the giggles but after the third or fourth false scare you begin to Laugh Out Loud .
... boasts few attributes designed to initially capture the viewer 's interest ...
The Unborn is like a scary movie sentence without the necessary linking verbs . It 's all genre gears and no motivational motor .
The Unborn is a story that should have remained untold and will be forgotten by the end of the weekend .
'T is the season of the Hollywood dumps -- which is too bad because I had harbored some small hope for this latest horror offering from David S. Goyer .
Full of cheap thrills that mostly consist of people popping up out of nowhere and dialogue comprised largely of theological gobbledygook .
Some of the ideas here may seem original , if questionable , but the treatment -- by writer-director David Goyer -- is strictly conventional , with the shock moments obviously inserted at regular intervals , usually while the heroine is in her underwear .
After a few initial decent scares , the corny dialogue , poor casting and cringe-worthy acting drag this movie into it 's own hell . Utter rubbish .
Cue a creepy toddler , various demonically possessed adults and a Jewish exorcism conducted by Gary Oldman . He 's a vastly better actor than the film deserves , but he ca n't make the script seem even slightly better than it is .
This foolish film hitches an easy ride from the Holocaust .
The Unborn is n't the worst horror film you 'll see in 2009 , but the prospect of a sequel -LRB- which the film teases at the finale -RRB- , is probably the biggest fright in the 88 minutes .
This may dabble in Jewish mysticism and the legacy of the Nazi era but scratch the surface and you discover just another standard scary movie .
Unsatisfying , hokey and never that scary -LRB- unless you 're the type who jumps at every loud noise or sudden appearance in this sort of movie -RRB- , The Unborn outstays even its brief lifespan .
Packed with very scary moments and very disturbing images , this is not for the faint-hearted - that includes me .
The script tries hard to delve into the folklore of a dybbuk , and as it mixes this in with experiments on twins in concentration camps during WW2 , the story becomes too convoluted for its own good .
Despite some gruesome special effects , the telling of this story is so prosaic and predictable that genuine thrills are in very short supply .
David S Goyer 's non-kosher riff on ` The Exorcist ' is stillborn ,
Brazen in its borrowings and alternating between cynicism and silliness , this is a creatively barren effort that should have been stopped at conception .
A scary movie so fantastically stupid and crass it made my skull contract and my sinuses harden to the consistency of pipe-cleaners .
The Unborn becomes rapidly tedious even as the body count racks up .
Over-egged and underwhelming , the best thing that can be said it that it provokes a few shocks - but these are easy wins and play no part in the propelling the plot along .
Hampered by the 15 rating , director David S Goyer is reduced to yawn-worthy jump-scares and recycled Exorcist gags to do his dirty work .
Despite some massive flaws and a disappointing over-reliance on jump scares , The Unborn is comfortably the best entry yet from Platinum Dunes , Michael Bay 's previously remake-happy horror production outfit .
The Unborn is , like its main character , at war with itself . Neither side wins .
It 's hard to imagine a more ham-fisted attempt at the genre of ` womb horror ' than this flat-footed supernatural drama with a Jewish twist .
Unborn should have been strangled at birth .
A ham-fisted horror movie that manages to put together deadly demonic possession , Nazi concentration camps and nasty wartime genetic experiments .
Less spine-chilling and more eye-drooping .
This supernatural horror is nonsense on toast .
The demonic possession plot thereafter breaks down in a tasteless swamp of Nazi experiments on twins , dogs with inverted heads and an exorcism led by rabbi Gary Oldman . Oy vey ! The kosher paranormal : a trend in the offing ?
Think of every scary-kid horror you 've seen - this was how The Unborn was made .
Kabbalah meets The Exorcist in this hotchpotch hokum of vengeful ghosts , killer children , crazy old psychic ladies and supernatural Nazi experimentation .
The screenplay by Goyer himself , who wrote Blade and co-wrote The Dark Knight , this time does n't limber up .
Goyer 's psychic dream sequences are pretty good - what a pity he decided to ruin them with a movie .
Well made , but ultimately underwhelming horror that never really comes to life , despite some creepy visuals and a handful of cheap shocks .
Odette Yustman , indeed all the cast , deserve a better fate than to be sucked into this misguided attempt at horror
both silly and nonsensical
This orgy of crazed effects , cheap scares and jittery suspense never remotely frightens us
Every January , as the `` January junk '' makes its annoying appearance on the big screen , a lackluster PG-13-rated horror movie is involved . ` The Unborn ' is that movie for 2009 .
Gary Oldman steals what there is to take from his few scenes , but a nonsensical B-movie like `` The Unborn '' is beneath is skills as an actor .
Like some Stephen King rewrite of ` The Reader , ' this laughable but interesting movie traces its characters ' distress to the Holocaust : Never forget , because ` Jumby wants to be born ! '
It has a few really interesting ideas in it and a few good , old-fashioned scares -LRB- and very little camera shaking -RRB- .
The film 's story is not so much plagued by plot holes as it is constructed out of them , not unlike an especially lacy variety of Swiss cheese .
A cheesy low-rent supernatural thriller that vainly tries to introduce some gravitas by dropping references to the Kabbalah .
Not deep or all that visually imaginative -- Goyer never wavers from the usual slow build-up to a sudden fright , and the ending is all fight-and-flight , no shock-and-awe -- but certainly unboring .
... a salad of creepshow cliches ...
` This is the last time I 'll write a movie on a roll of Charmin Ultra , ' said Goyer .
Goyer has penned many scripts superior to this one , but he does make sure you 're never far away from a big ` Boo ! '
Falls very much line with early-year schlock .
The film 's raison d'être is a series of shock effects involving creepy kids , dogs with upside-down heads and a CGI-powered geriatric variant on Linda Blair 's crab walk .
At last we are making crappy horror films entirely on our own , without having to rip them off from Japan ! U-S-A ! U-S-A !
This is one film that should n't have been birthed . No , in fact , it should have been aborted .
The Unborn is so lame that even a scene where Nazi ` doctors ' experiment on twin children by poking a needle in their eyeballs is more laughable than horrendous .
pacing that allows the audience to linger on every failing before being distracted by the subsequent one
A ham-fisted attempt at a Semitic version of The Exorcist that is utterly unoriginal and totally devoid of actual frights .
I 'm not sure if it 's the fault of the script or studio tampering , but The Unborn 's watered-down approach to WWII makes Isla : She Wolf of the SS seem downright sensitive in comparison
This stuff is scary in the same way that twelve random ingredients from your kitchen is soup .
Unfortunately , `` Unborn '' is unscary
Stillborn .
It 's hilarious , and it 's sort of awesome , too , in that no-they-didn ' t kind of way ...
Even for the run-of-the-mill , first of the year horror flick , The Unborn is pretty much a miscarriage .
An early contender for worst movie of the year .
At least I got to see Gary Oldman , as Rabbi Sendak , blow the sacred animal horn .
Filmed in Chicago but universal in its lameness ... The Unborn is the story of a dybbuk who makes trouble for the skinny North Shore college girl played by Odette Yustman , who 's always out jogging when she should be considering a sandwich .
If you 're the kind of horror fan who gets your kicks from phantasmagorical imagery and shivers at the thought of supernatural forces beyond our realm of comprehension , you could do a lot worse than The Unborn .
A laughably bad horror flick involving demonic possession , concentration camps and torturous genetic experiments .
This is where many a horror movie falls and never again rises : too much exposition .
Possession tale is low on blood , but high on scares .
The movie 's not very good , but there are ideas , good and bad , in its execution that are worth mulling over .
What darkness the movie achieves comes solely from the lighting .
Before long , the connective tissue between scares starts to call attention to its own preposterousness .
Unless we trudge up the aisle prematurely , we 're stuck there , with nothing to do but count Oldman 's changing accents or mourn that this is the best gig actresses like Alexander or Gugino can get .
The Unborn is a baby-sitter horror flick -LRB- it 's for and about them -RRB- with classic creep-out elements that unite in a surprisingly engrossing story .
At least writer/director David S. Goyer had the sense to boost these generic proceedings with pros like Alexander , Oldman , Elba and Carla Gugino , who plays Casey 's mother in a series of embarrassing flashbacks .
About the only thing here that will haunt your dreams is the film 's final scene , which conveniently portends a sequel .
I had nightmares about the trailers , which is unfortunate , because of a lot of films ' best scenes are contained there .
Laughable horror flick made from an unstable solution of Jewish mysticism , Nazi evil and an otherworldly demon .
Writer/director David S. Goyer , whose niche as a screenwriter is in adapting comic-book tales , gets a few frightening images into the frame , but they 're all one-off shocks that do nothing to build tension .
The picture is such an embarrassment , Goyer has to be hoping that very few people will see it .
The entire premise of The Unborn seems based on `` Boo ! Gotcha '' moments , which are initially quite effective but soon wear out their welcome .
Parental Content Review
A pretty young woman who looks especially fetching in her underwear is plagued by increasingly horrible dreams ... at least , she thinks they 're dreams until her whole life goes to hell . Some effective chills amidst the silliness .
Using the Holocaust as the basis for a horror movie is pretty distasteful , but what offended me the most about The Unborn is how sloppy it is .
Somewhere Sigmund Freud is trying to figure out how he can come back from the dead just so he can analyze The Unborn ! ... Crazy fun .
Could have just as easily been called `` The Un-scary , '' `` The Uninspiring , '' `` The Unoriginal , '' or `` The Unexciting '' . Whatever you do , just un-plan to see it this weekend .
Any intelligence gets lost in an unsatisfying ending that does n't justify the brain cells lost while getting there .
The film teeters so perilously and routinely at the edge of camp , both with some of its casting choices and some unfortunate dialogue ... that it 's hard to know if Mr. Goyer wants to make us howl with fear or laughter .
... comes across like a Jewish version of The Exorcist , mixed with a touch of Rosemary 's Baby by way of The Omen .
After all , condoms are important , and maybe someday , if we 're lucky , they 'll come up with ones strong enough that even bad movies like this one can be shielded from impregnating theaters with their odious afterbirth .
Exactly what you 'd expect from the combination of its release date , genre , and MPAA rating
After three feature films of discouraging quality , Goyer suits up in a beret and jodhpurs again for The Unborn , which holds the miserable distinction of being the most dreadful film he 's fashioned to date .
The Unborn is a mishmash of half-formed ideas more asinine and exploitative than frightening . At least the title is accurate ; this junk is stillborn all the way .
Should n't have been brought to term .
Even once the `` scary '' monsters start ramping up their appearances the film is still dead and Goyer 's direction feels more like a trippy music video for some Eastern European techno band than anything out of a horror film .
has the psychological weight and perversity of a mildly racy episode of Touched by an Angel
If the films released during the traditional January dumping ground are going to be this bad , we should employ the nation 's best scientists to rearrange Earth 's orbit so the year begins in February .
If the use of Nazi atrocities as a MacGuffin for cheap thrills offends you , The Unborn is n't your movie . If , however , you appreciate the sight of a half-naked beauty being terrorized by potato bugs , look no further .
Though some images are on the terrifying side , this mostly outlandish tale is riddled with homicidal tots , interdenominational exorcists , and attention deficit disorder dybuks who ca n't make up their mystical minds which body is cool enough to inhabit .
Generic , underdeveloped and more silly than scary .
The year is only a week old and already the cinema gods have bestowed upon us a candidate for most awesome catchword of the year : Jumby !
Well , there are some effective scares here , and you 'll laugh at yourself afterward just for jumping and squealing like a little girl . But other images and pieces of dialogue are just as hilarious -- and that probably was n't their intention .
The Unborn is one of those movies evidently conceived by digging a Dungeons & Dragons Fiend Folio out of storage to find , resurrect , and rebrand some long-forgotten bugaboo .







@highlight

David Goyer 's Unborn is a tame genre effort with cheap thrills and scares that border on silliness .