A fascinating history of recent Italian politics .
... not so much a savage satire as one disenchanted with the institutional corruption of politics .
... Sorrentino avoids the dreary conventions of the biopic in favor of a cheeky mix of music montages , dramatic re-enactments and hilariously deadpan takes ... .
Combining clammy skin , busy hands , and a posture reminiscent of Snoopy in his vulture phase , -LSB- Servillo -RSB- -LRB- re - -RRB- creates a fascinating monster ... Given some CliffsNotes , the surrounding film might even be worthy of him .
The film takes flight on the brilliant title performance by Tony Servillo -LRB- Gomorrah -RRB- , who plays Andreotti like a mummified Alec Guinness , as if encased in layers of plaster of Paris .
Inventive and fun ... Toni Servillo gives a truly exquisite performance , easily the finest seen on U.S. screens in 2009 thus far .
This is a spectacular film about corruption in high places , specifically as that relates to the political life of Giulio Andreotti , seven times prime minister of Italy and a senator for life .
We may not know the man , but we know the dance , as seen in the highly diverting and hugely controversial Il Divo , a biopic as wly as its subject .
A stunning piece of work that feels both familiar and completely unique at the same time .
Servillo does such a good job of suggesting the drive and intelligence of the man that he automatically becomes one of the great recent cinematic symbols of absolute political power and the questionable means utilized in order to achieve it .
After I saw Il Divo , I suppose I should have felt indignation . I suppose I should also have felt that way after `` The Godfather . '' But such films present such mesmerizing figures that I simply regard them , astonished .
Even with no knowledge of Italian government , you can enjoy this hip , un-stodgy , grimly entertaining dissection of it .
The enigmatic Andreotti is the perfect subject for a biopic in the European tradition .
You may not leave the theater with a firmer grasp of Italian politics , but you will leave with an appreciation of some outstanding filmmaking .
There is sufficient power in the imagery and performances to make Il Divo worth hacking through .
All in all , this phenomenal film illustrates Alexis de Tocqueville 's observation that `` The people get the government they deserve . '' In both meanings of the word , Il Divo is sensational .
Il Divo joins Matteo Garrone 's more expansive , more extraordinary Gomorrah -- which contains an even better performance from Servillo -- as a grim portrait of the trouble with modern Italy .
... we get a in depth look into Italian politics . But , you do n't need to be familiar with that country 's volatile recent years to enjoy a fine piece of filmmaking .
Should you go into this movie with no knowledge of this slice of history , you 'll not only learn something , but you 'll be so entertained you may find yourself laughing out loud -LRB- when you 're not shaking your head -RRB- .
A must-see for political junkies of any nationality .
Il Divo is best appreciated as the bizarre character study of an essentially unlovable man who somehow became one of his country 's most successful leaders .
Simultaneously exhilarating and confounding , dazzling and confusing , this is filmmaking of such verve and style that you likely wo n't care that you ca n't follow it completely .
You need know nothing about Italian politics to completely enjoy the fantastical , Fellini-fied , tragi-comic , biographical fun-for-all Il Divo .
You could dismiss Servillo 's portrayal as a cartoon , but the great actors know that beneath the dark surface of caricature lies a heightened and vivifying truth , as potent as fortified wine . Consume with great caution , and with joy .
The switchblade style of snappy scenes and quick cuts delivers juicy , visual delight .
boasts a bravura performance by Toni Servillo , stylish cinematography and a provocative premise , but it often feels convoluted and leaves you emotionally detached from the events onscreen . It 's often compelling as a political thriller , but lacks insight a
So much half-digested information is expelled , so many key incidents skate by , that the effect is like being force-fed a history lesson you never wanted to sit through in the first place .
Director Paolo Sorrentino 's knockout drama Il Divo concentrates on Andreotti 's final government -LRB- 1991-92 -RRB- and subsequent legal battles .
As a primer to modern Italian politics , `` Il Divo '' is like touring the subject in a candy-apple-red Ferrari . You might not learn much , but you will remember the experience .
As operatic cinema , it ranks alongside the best of Martin Scorsese and Francis Ford Coppola .
Sorrentino brings a turbulent period in Italian politics to vivid life . Unfortunately , there 's far too much on screen for it to make sense to anyone but a history student
Il Divo is as showy as Gomorrah was spare , sometimes taking your breath away with its gutsy leaps of brilliance and sometimes acting like a bratty child desperate for attention .
Sorrentino 's directorial flourishes are at least partly to blame for the lack of clarity ; his ornate setpieces are frequently dazzling , but as they pile up over two hours , they wind up distracting as often as they illuminate .
An operatic drama about a power-hungry Italian politician and his nefarious cronies .
Il Divo taps into something that 's indeed borderless : Americans recognize political corruption and backroom conspiracies even if we do n't intimately know the players .
Sorrentino 's version of Andreotti 's story is thus only really fascinating as a bloated vanity project , one that is unlikely to win him many new American defenders .
Hard on the heels of the acclaimed Gomorrah , Italian corruption gets a much quieter but equally vigorous workout in Paolo Sorrentino 's highly stylized portrait of the country 's most enduring political leader .
A baroque high comedy of endemic corruption , Il Divo does n't treat the early - '90s scandal that brought down Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti as a tragedy , thriller , or tale of long-delayed comeuppance , but with resigned wit and florid carica
A smash in its native country , this highly engrossing and stylized look at one of Italy 's most notorious politicians is a triumph for filmmaker Paolo Sorrentino .
If even Il Divo 's wife claims not to know him , how can we ?
Often funny and always thrilling , this vibrant portrait of one of Italy 's most agile political survivors has warnings for us all about the quieter exercises of power .
Unlike most political biopics , director Paolo Sorrentino 's film is pure , exuberant razzle-dazzle , including ironic voice-over , playful graphics and a blackly humorous montage of the `` natural '' deaths that came to Andreotti 's rivals .
If the director never quite gets to the heart of the man , that 's part of his point : Andreotti emerges from the film as a collection of fragments .
An intensely political film so wildly inventive and witty that it will become a touchstone for years to come .
At long last in this year 's Cannes Competition , a film on a serious subject that nevertheless consistently entertains and often makes you laugh out loud .
Somewhat singular because of its sheer force of will , but ultimately puzzling , Il Divo is hard to discredit entirely , because it so clearly operates on its own terms .
Witty , playful , poignant , and boasting a charismatic turn from Servillo , Sorrentino 's chronicle of notorious Italian politico Andreotti is deservedly a highlight of the 2008 Cannes Film Festival ; it 's time to release all of Sorrentino 's work in the U.S. .
The uncrowned king of post-war Italian politics , Giulio Andreotti , might be the subject of Paolo Sorrentino 's nominal biopic Il Divo , but it is as an incisive portrait of Italian politics in general that it impresses .

@highlight

While the web of corruption in this Italian political thriller can be hard for a non-native to follow , the visuals and the intrigue are compelling and thrilling in equal measure .