Just as `` Illmatic '' brought people from all across the globe a little closer to Queensbridge , Nas : Time is Illmatic draws audiences closer to hip-hop .
Brief , informative and direct , the historical details post-Illmatic grow less interesting , yet the film 's first half is electric and engaging .
The result , directed by graffiti artist and first-time director One9 is less an ordered history of facts than an emotional snapshot of the artist 's childhood and thoughts about where he is today .
As humbling as hagiographies come .
Paints a vivid portrait of all that Nas the artist and Nasir Jones the person are in a remarkably efficient 75-minute run time .
You certainly do n't have to be a pre-established fan to appreciate this picture , as sometimes just seeing how much something can mean to others is gratifying enough .
An essential celebration of the New York rapper 's groundbreaking 1994 album .
A stylish portrait of groundbreaking talent , whether you care about hip-hop or not .
This is n't just a walk down a troubled memory lane with the focus of this laudatory but never fawning picture later switching to the making of the album that caught the public imagination .
Where Time is Illmatic soars and surprises , is in its historical approach to this portrait , and in its portrayal of another side of the artist -- his brother , Jungle .
A strikingly photographed and genuinely revealing exploration of the early influences that formed one of the most distinctive voices in rap .
Flirts with glamorising the rags-to-rap-to-riches story , but in doing so stays true to its subject .
A wide-reaching tale locks into focus : one about hope through music , told with style , feeling and economic punch .
Here 's 74 minutes well spent .
A well-made and well-shot companion piece to the album , telling the story of Nas ' early life and the circumstances that led to his birth as a hip-hop legend .
Time Is Illmatic does a terrific job of weaving hip-hop history into a highly personal story .
The movie is inspiring and tragic , and , directed by street artist One9 , it 's captured in an artful , emotional way that will speak to an audience beyond rap fans .
As both an origin story about a great artist and a distillation of '80s urban blight , it 's as breathless and real as any street-corner rhyme .
It 's a celebration of the seminal album 's 20th anniversary , but also a dissection of the influences that allowed a street poet like Nas to create such an influential album .
The album lives as a touchstone , and a turning point , in New York hip hop . The film may be far less significant , but it does bear witness to the music 's greatness .
Since many of the themes from `` Illmatic '' have become mere clichés in contemporary rap , this film serves as a reminder of the potential and the promise that hip-hop truly holds .
The camera roams the way the human eye would , yet it knows the power of stillness , of letting the image linger and rest . These documentarians masterfully construct their vision to elevate and serve their subject .
It 's no masterpiece , but it 's a strong , substantive look at an album whose greatness was apparent immediately , but that 's still grown in stature since its release .
An engaging document of how - and , more importantly , why - this particular album had such an impact .
Nothing seems to get short shrift , including Nas ' parentage , childhood , education , and musical beginnings . Yet , at a brisk 75 minutes , the film does n't overstay its welcome .
Despite some conventional moves here and there and a weakness for the cult of genius , the documentary sustains that uneasy mood cast by Nas 's expression as a child on the `` Illmatic '' cover , sobered by experience and wisdom before his time .
The portrait misses out on discussing cultural impact , but the trade-off is a full-bodied tale of bootstrapping , sure to turn on any budding artist in the audience .
The film understands that the most interesting thing about Nas is how he once converted 20 years of living into 40 minutes of art that transcends its genre , its era , even its medium .
Intended as the portrait of an artist as a young man , the music doc Time is Illmatic is actually more interesting as a look back at the place and time that created him .
While the trivia value may feel tremendous , only One9 's interviews with Nas , his father , Olu Dara , and his brother , Jungle , manage to make the doc legitimately moving -- a history lesson in popular culture .
Time Is Illmatic transcends hip hop , the doc is an all-American story , peeling back the beauty and grit of America 's roots .
-LSB- A -RSB- brisk , stylish and extremely heartfelt portrait of Nas ' rise from the housing projects of Queensbridge to the heights of hip-hop royalty .
It aims small and never veers off-task . Whether or not you dig the album , the documentary offers a number of reasons to appreciate its ongoing legacy , with sufficient production values to hold the tribute together .
The doc avoids the prefab feel of many similarly targeted music films , instead offering a strong sense of the neighborhood that served as both a rallying cry for musicians who grew up there and a constant threat to their lives .
The depth of information present in Time Is Illmatic is one of its best aspects , and director One9 and screenwriter Erik Parker manage to blend the majority of it together quite seamlessly .
Sets the historical context ... presented in a terrific oral history by seminal producers and local fans ... to track-by-track videos with a formulaic closing .
Time Is Illmatic is comprehensive , even wisely holistic , but still feels as though something is missing ;

@highlight

Comprehensive yet brisk , Nas : Time Is Illmatic offers an absorbing look at a hip-hop classic and the life of the artist who made it .