As far as thrillers go , this one wo n't have you on the edge of your seat .
On the bright side , it 's probably the only movie ever made to boast kickass tunes by the southern-rock triumvirate of Lynyrd Skynyrd , Molly Hatchet , and Blackfoot .
Straw Dogs does little more than rely on graphic violence as well as outdated stereotypes to keep the tension high .
The best that can be said about Straw Dogs is that it 's watchable : and that 's due to Alexander Skarsgard 's stellar abs .
In the history of remakes , this really is n't a bad one ...
Comes off like its poster : a copycat that superficially looks the same but lacks in inspiration .
There 's nothing profound or mysterious about Straw Dogs . The performances are solid , but the movie is mostly forgettable .
It does n't even work as a thriller . And of course , like the 70s original , it just turns into an all-out blood bath at the end - which ca n't help but notch up the campiness .
It was a different era , a different time in American culture . Sam Peckinpah 's 1971 ` Straw Dogs ' arguably has become a classic . It was a controversial film when it was released because of its depiction of a sexual assault .
Rod Lurie 's film equals the original and surpasses it in many ways .
The hunting scenes and the brutal farm siege are solidly gripping , and Lurie does n't shy away from David embracing his inner savage .
Lurie makes the same point as Peckinpah , namely that , when survival is threatened , even the most civilised types have a primal capacity for violence . But , 40 years on , the shock factor has gone .
This is one of those remakes that feels like the product of lazy thinking .
Peckinpah 's most problematic film gets an intriguing , if flawed , update from film critic-turned-director Rod Lurie .
Ultimately Lurie 's film is n't in the same class as Peckinpah 's flawed classic , but it 's a respectable , respectful and rather good film .
Still not for the fainthearted , the new Straw Dogs again has something to say about the kind of mob rule seen 80 years ago in Frankenstein -LRB- 1931 -RRB- . And much of it is not at all pleasant .
Rod Lurie 's remake transposes the action from cloudy Cornwall to sticky Mississippi but keeps the meat of the story intact , along with the violence .
While there 's no real reason for this retread of Sam Peckinpah 's controversial 1971 film , even Hollywood ca n't destroy such a decent story .
Lurie 's film has nothing in its head beyond the desire to make money .
It is n't badly made , but what 's the point of rebooting Straw Dogs , if the only object is to repackage it , and make it marginally less offensive ?
Rod Lurie has adapted with intelligence ...
Its dripping sense of menace still feels socially relevant , not only in terms of how quiet men can only be pushed so far and how much trouble they might bring upon themselves but also by illustrating what women can wear and when .
The plot boils up nicely , warmed by Alexander Skarsgard 's sinisterly compelling thug leader and set bubbling by James Woods 's terrific turn as a semi-psychotic town elder .
Marsden , Bosworth and Skarsgård are superb . But what was the point ?
The bristling hostility between the fancy-pants outsider and the local rednecks taps into the fractious culture wars currently being waged between America 's West and East coast liberals and its heartland conservatives .
An effective thriller ... but it 's offering nothing new .
Watchable , if largely pointless remake enlivened by a strong cast and an impressively staged third act , though it drags a little in the middle section and slightly sanitises the impact of the original film .
As close to the original as Lurie 's well-made remake is , there remains a sizeable question mark over why Straw Dogs was revisited at all .
Lurie 's remake does n't bring a lot of fresh ideas to the table . The thick fug of moral ambiguity , so disconcerting in Peckinpah 's film , is missing , replaced by certainties rife in modern horror .
... remakes Sam Peckinpah 's 1971 sex-and-violence fantasy almost scene for scene -LRB- including Peckinpah 's they-all-wanna-be-raped misogyny -RRB- .
Lurie tries to eliminate the more controversial elements of Peckinpah 's film , but in the process he loses what made the original such a transgressive , unsettling , mysterious and necessary landmark of screen violence .
Other than its wildly over-the-top treatment of native Mississippians as a pack of thuggish tribalists . . the film does n't seem to have any ideas but to tread water until the big action scene .
This Straw Dogs is nearly all bark , with the occasional , predictable bite that frankly fails to draw any emotional blood .
It 's a strong technical film , with good performances and a simmering intensity . If only I could figure out why this was necessary .
A semi-effective , sometimes incomprehensible , out of its time , revenge picture in search of a drive-in theater that closed 30-odd years ago .
A routine , if rather gruesome thriller with attractive leads ducking in and out of danger .
Dumb crosscutting , a sickening , stupid rape scene , and the inane addition of a Steinbeck-ian subplot make the movie a cheap , exploitative build-up to the climactic carnage .
Of course Lurie overwrites it , transforming forces of inexplicable violence into idiot individuals with paper-thin M.O. 's .
If Sam Peckinpah were alive today and read that director Ron Lurie had remade his Straw Dogs , he would have scowled his famous scowl . I knew Sam , and of course no one was like him . He was one of a kind . Lurie is of the masses . He 's no Sam ; he 's Spam .
It 's a good movie , but not a better remake .
This well made revenge tale has strong performances all around but James Woods steals the show
Peckinpah 's movie is better .
Lurie , like Peckinpah , is fascinated by the idea that the seemingly mild , non-confrontational pacifist may be the villain in all of this .
... nothing on its mind but cashing in on the current glut of home-invasion thrillers ... the worst 're - imagining ' of an American classic since Gus Van Sant 's deadpan , shot-for-shot desecration of ` Psycho . '
There 's an awful lot of boring dialogue and poor symbolism in the hour and a half that precedes the Home Alone meets Deliverance finale .
essentially turns the film into exactly the kind of primitive masculine revenge tale that the original 's detractors mistook it for
While it might not be a perfect film and certainly not an original one or for all audiences , it clearly works for what it 's aiming to do and be . -LRB- Parental Movie Review also available -RRB-
-LSB- Writer/director Rod -RSB- Lurie has essentially retold the story but does n't seem to get why he 's telling it .
On its own merits , it 's merely average .
Where the original film was an assault , the remake is content to be a crowd-pleaser .
It is clear that Lurie has a great affinity for Peckinpah as he proves he also has the stomach to shine a bright , unflinching light at the ugliest sides of humanity .
What good is this remake , if it 's not disturbing , nor controversial , but plain and ultra-low on shock value .
Everything here plays out to the same beats and yet ultimately results in conventional revenge-minded catharsis rather than queasy ambivalence .
Writer/director Rod Lurie 's plot plods along longer than need be before true tension builds . He does , however , manage to make the final act work .
Doggedly faithful and yet soft around the edges .
Like its predecessor , this Straw Dogs lights a long , deliberate fuse from its opening deer hunt to its climactic home invasion . These days , that 's called restraint .
Evidence of how Hollywood can take the most charged , passionate material and make it into something generic and forgettable .
The remake avoids anything psychological -- or even emotional -- and turns it into a rather empty and soulless revenge thriller .
A terminal bore .
Straw Dogs has its flaws , but is a visceral experience and definitely worth seeing .
Straw dogs , indeed . This new ` Straw Dogs ' from writer-director Rod Lurie is a second-rate remake of a memorable and controversial , if not quite great , Vietnam-era Sam Peckinpah film with Dustin Hoffman and British actress Susan George .
Implausible , weak characters with wonky motivations , and a skinny chick who instigates the carnage .
While the new version mostly follows the original 's narrative beat-for-beat , it feels strangely sanitized .
As the movie poster reads , ` Everyone has a breaking point . ' Hopefully ` Straw Dogs ' is a breaking point for Hollywood to stop spitting out terribly done remakes .
Prose rather than poetry , basically an impersonal work without any strong directorial imprint ... the new ` Straw Dogs ' is superior to most of the home-invasion potboilers produced nowadays , but for real bite Sam is still ` the man . '
While it may not have the force of Sam Peckinpah 's 1971 original , writer-director Rod Lurie 's redo of Straw Dogs still holds up as an entertaining thriller with more than just shock value on its mind .
If making the action beats more booming and more blunt is all you have in mind for capturing and amplifying the substance of the original product , then maybe you already got your head caught in a different kind of trap .
The simplistic characters were my biggest problem with the film .
If one is going to be crazy or foolhardy enough to go out and remake a well-known film -- especially one that tends to be regard in cinematic circles as some kind of classic or another -- one had better be prepared to bring a fresh take to the material .
To call out any remake as specifically `` unnecessary '' is a dash down a rabbit hole , but the mere existence of a 2011 cover of ` Straw Dogs ' is , all things considered , befuddling .
Uses violence to blow you out of the theater instead of beating you over the head with pointless , non-stop visual images of it .
While Lurie could have gone lighter on the symbolism , he ratchets up the tension with deft intelligence . He 's not just making a thriller but a horror film , and we feel his own fear in every scene .
Lurie 's `` Straw Dogs '' argues we are products of our environment and learn to survive by embracing the attitudes and values around us , even when they contradict our own instincts .
The new `` Straw Dogs '' proves that it would be possible to do a worthwhile remake of that 1971 film . Unfortunately , this is not that worthwhile remake .
One of those movies that sits in an armchair , smokes a pipe and reflects `` seriously '' on `` the question of violence , '' but the main reason to see it is for the hilariously nasty uses it devises for a bear trap , nail gun , etc. .
Lurie 's smart enough to know that we 're supposed to be disturbed -- and not titillated -- by the savagery the movie depicts .
For the most part , Lurie 's remake serves as a credible update to the original , and the performances from Skarsgard , Marsden and Bosworth are solid .
Turns Peckinpah 's deeply ironic attack on typical notions of masculinity into a pretty boneheaded tale of cultured city effetes vs. vicious country bumpkins .
With Straw Dogs , the moral of the original story is just as important , just as relevant today as when Peckinpah 's film was released in the early 1970s .
This film provides the basis for a strong argument against remakes .
The 2011 `` Straw Dogs '' follows the original very closely , and in many ways , it is a superior movie .
No matter what one 's opinion of the original might be , the remake certainly should make one appreciate it more .
Watching it is like gazing upon a plagiarized essay ; no matter how good its content might be , it does n't take away the knowledge that it was just copied over from someone else 's paper .
The new ` Straw Dogs ' is one of the more brutal films in recent years .
Lurie informs his movie with plenty of nods to the original and at least manages a story that will have people talking - if not about the nature of human violence , then about the grisly depiction of it .
A really bloody , vile Lifetime movie .
You can understand Lurie 's motivation for remaking Straw Dogs , and applaud the competence of his filmmaking and casting , while at the same time lamenting what has happened to him .
Back in 1971 , the Peckinpah film horrified moviegoers with its bloody climax , whereas today people are so vengeful and sadistic that the remake is just another multiplex crowd pleaser .
-LSB- It -RSB- does n't bring anything new to the table .
Rod Lurie 's bird-brained remake of `` Straw Dogs '' does n't work on its own terms , and it ca n't hold a candle to the unruly , unstable merits of Sam Peckinpah 's 1971 original .
The original Straw Dogs , at least to me , is n't close to being one of Peckinpah 's masterpieces , but it 's a movie that the people who first saw it still remember 40 years later . I doubt that anyone will remember the new one by next month .
As a filmmaker , Mr. Lurie can not hope to match Peckinpah 's lyricism , but he strikes a decent balance of bluntness and subtlety .
Peckinpah 's 1971 Straw Dogs is a movie that cries out not to be remade .
It plays like black comedy and an NC-17 `` MacGyver , '' with the anti-gun writer coming up with novel ways to repel a gang of home invaders .
-LSB- It -RSB- has been contemporized , sanitized and stripped of all complexity , and what 's left is as empty as a used piñata .
Almost succeeds as an object lesson in the difference between being a man and being a macho animal . But it fails as a gripping home-invasion thriller .
There 's no matching the sinister village faces in Peckinpah 's cast or the psychological acuity of his scene-making , but Lurie shows himself man enough for the material .
Most details are in place , but the technique and inspiration are missing .
The movie is like being waterboarded by liberals outside a Democratic National Committee event .
Writer-director Rod Lurie 's remake of the notorious Straw Dogs is n't a terrible movie . It 's just not an exceptional one , a liability that increases exponentially with the quality of the original film .
one confused slice of pseudo-schlock
A battle between liberals and conservatives in which each looks like a fool unable to meet the other halfway , until a gruesome , deadly finale feebly asks , ` Why ca n't we all get along ? '
The fissure between faithful , respectful monument and soulless , hot - **** modernization/transplant also paints Rod Lurie , fatally , into a corner .
As a straightforward , sensationalistic violent thriller about ordinary people fighting for survival , Rod Lurie 's Straw Dogs works better than most .
Lurie wants us to see the moral wounds that come from losing control , a solid reason for a remake . Both takes on Straw Dogs hold up a dark mirror to humanity . Choose your own bad medicine .
The filmmaker 's ham-fisted attempts to supply some socio-political relevance to such intractable material finally lands him in a deeper , murkier swamp ...
A rote revenge thriller attempting to shoulder more philosophical weight than it can bear .
As psychological thrillers go , Straw Dogs is about as mediocre as they come . Every moment of tension that the film is trying to build toward in the third act blatantly slaps you right upside your head during the first and second acts .
Within the first 10 minutes , it 's clear there 's going to be very little subtlety to the new Straw Dogs . Lurie 's pulling out his crayons on this one .
In 2011 , it 's about : the way we treat each other will inevitably lead to violence . So let 's work things out , okay ?
Smug , savage ... and infuriating .
I found it visceral , disturbing and well-made .
It serves its purpose delivering a few good scares and some solid kills , but , on an emotional level , it 's basically worthless .
Straw Dogs is an artful provocation -- a meditation on masculinity and societal mores in the guise of an explosive thriller .
Things are established well in the first half , but it 's disappointing when it becomes too reverential to its predecessor and fails to avoid the traps that plagued it .
A disappointingly exploitational and unnecessary remake of Peckinpah 's masterpiece , a generic thriller that further suffers from the miscasting of Marsden in the role brilliantly played by Dustin Hoffman in 1971 .
The protagonists have become more likable and empowered , motivations have become more cut and dried , and references to underlying political schisms are downplayed .
Whereas Peckinpah managed not only to raise hackles but to get under the skin , Lurie manages only the former , which reduces the material to the level of sensation-mongering .
Intense , ambiguous and exciting , Rod Lurie 's remake of Peckinpah 's psychological thriller keeps you transfixed with terror .
A solid , tense drama that packs a wallop . . a smart , provocative - and exceptionally intense and exciting - movie .




@highlight

This remakes streamlines the plot but ultimately makes a fatal mistake : It celebrates violence .