Regardless of a distinct lack of romantic chemistry between Dennis Quaid and Rene Russo , the able-bodied actors fulfill the slapstick demands of this run-of-the-mill family comedy based on the 1968 movie with Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball .
Looking to follow the Cheaper By The Dozen formula to box office success , Yours , Mine & Ours is a tiresome kids comedy that 's mostly loud and mean-spirited .
Dennis Quaid and Rene Russo follow wearily in the footsteps of Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball in this asinine remake .
The secret to the film 's modest success can be summed up in five words : Dennis Quaid and Rene Russo .
I 'd have a fit if I was ever again to hear Russo shout , ` Group hug ! '
The film is directed in typically dull , overblown , idiotic fashion by Raja Gosnell , the man responsible for Big Momma 's House and both of the Scooby-Doo movies .
Eighteen adorable reasons to open our wrists and tie our tubes .
Another pointless remake with a cast who should know better .
This sloppy , gooey , indigestible holiday pudding is guaranteed to make you long for the gritty realism and hard-hitting domestic drama of The Brady Bunch and Eight Is Enough .
Raja Gosnell 's direction follows the first rule of slapstick : If actor stuck with nothing to do , have them fall in vat of goo .
A movie that somehow manages to be both irritatingly familiar and instantly forgettable .
You know you 're in trouble when even the trailer does n't contain any laughs -LSB- and this -RSB- is a disaster from beginning to end ...
12 times better than `` Cheaper by the Dozen '' ... one of the better family films in a long time
As full of corn as a wheatfield in Kansas , Yours Mine and Ours is simply not good enough as a movie for 6 % u2013 12 year olds , and not only is it boring for them , it is boring for their parents or aunts or grannies who take them along .
While it seems obvious that small children will delight to the relentlessly broad hijinks , the film is essentially a dead zone of comedic set-pieces and contrived situations .
This Cheaper-by-the-Dozening of the 1968 comedy is astoundingly unfunny .
A noxious and gratingly insincere feature-length sitcom that 'll have you stampeding toward the closest bottle of aspirin . -LRB- Or arsenic . -RRB-
If Yours , Mine and Ours were nothing more than an 88-minute compilation of corporate logos , we 'd all be a lot better off from an entertainment perspective .
A suburban nightmare of screaming , scheming children , Yours , Mine and Ours can make the stoutest adults abandon thoughts of becoming parents .
Just because cookie-cutter movie formulas are profitable does n't mean they 're defensible . Sooner or later , audiences will eventually demand something better .
Their , theirs , theirs . They can keep it .
The kids are undeniably cute , and you 'd be a fool to underestimate the value of seasoned pros Quaid and Russo .
Only the youngest will find this mess amusing .
Tame and uninspired .
Just because it 's wholesome , does n't mean it 's good .
Yours , Mine & Ours just might be mine , yours and everyone else 's most brutally obnoxious nightmare come to cinematic life .
While frantic and familiar , it 's an 88-minute , family-friendly diversion that should have a longer life on video shelves than in theaters .
Let 's get this out of the way . Kids probably will love this movie . That does n't mean it 's a good movie , because it is n't .
Yours , Mine and Ours is n't funny , even by lowered kiddie standards .
A descent into the pits of hell disguised as a motion picture .
Not a fresh insight or genuine laugh in sight . Nothing here , in fact , for you , him , her , yours , mine , theirs or anybody 's .
It 's terrible .
-LSB- A -RSB- shrill family comedy .
... it loses a good deal of humour along with its social relevance .
He 's got eight kids , she 's got 10 and Yours , Mine & Ours is completely by the numbers .
The script is not nearly clever or original enough and Gosnell 's direction goes into panic mode each time he stages the chaos .
The director , Raja Gosnell , is the auteur responsible for the Scooby-Doo movies , Big Momma 's House and Home Alone 3 . Enough said .
Watching Dennis Quaid falling face down into vats of goop , getting kissed by a pig and talking baby talk in Yours , Mine and Ours is one of those experiences that causes you to question your faith in Hollywood 's motives .
The remake of the 1968 hit comedy ` Yours , Mine & Ours ' is pretty much the same movie as the 2003 remake of ` Cheaper by the Dozen , ' with Dennis Quaid taking Steve Martin 's place as the family patriarch and butt of several painfully unfunny , slapstick gags .
True to its Nickelodeon roots , each scene oozes with sight gags , oddly astute pets , and gallons of goo . For adults , the films offers a bloated Brady Bunch covered in slop .
Needless remake of a tepid original .
.
Strictly by the numbers , with pain-free pratfalls mixing freely with moments of diabetic-coma inducing sap . -LRB- Are there montages set to Top-40 hits ? You bet . -RRB-
It drips with such sickening sweetness that exhibitors should pass out complimentary mouthwash .
Any potential has been covered over in a thick layer of disgusting green slime and unmistakable Nickelodeon orange paint .
We needed the oversized and relentlessly insipid family comedy Yours , Mine & Ours much like a terrorist needs tips on how to scare finicky preschoolers .
Eighteen kids . Two parents . One sassy nanny and a potbellied pig . And not a single laugh among them .
A remake of the 1968 Lucille Ball-Henry Fonda vehicle , Raja Gosnell 's version is less a movie than a series of kids-in-an-uproar scenes .
An uninspired , unoriginal and unnecessary movie with less intelligence and laughs than the very worst Full House episode .
The characters are kept simple , completely one-dimensional .
Yes , this groaner retreads the ground of the middling-at-best 1968 movie of the same name .
Utterly formulaic and pointless .
Those scenes of everyday chaos that were so charming in the original are few here , alas .
Bland and witless .
Everything in the film is totally predictable .
An irrefutable thesis against remaking old films .
I just think there are far superior holiday films the family can enjoy .
Flimsily scripted .
Culture clash , the military organizer versus Ms. ` Free to be you and me , ' makes for some cute bits , most of them slapstick . There just are n't enough of them .
The movie slowly progresses in predictable fashion , with every misunderstanding -LRB- and final rapprochement -RRB- carefully choreographed .
So snug , airtight and insulated from reality that the nice , well-scrubbed Cheaper by the Dozen seems almost rambunctious by comparison .
Largely laugh-free .
There are just so many jokes you can make about who gets to use the bathroom when .
The frenzy peters out , leaving youngsters as bored as their parents .
The remake seems to have been written and directed by people whose only experience with children is the long-distant memory of having been kids themselves so many years ago .
Synthetic , strained and noisy .
It 's unlikely that anyone from that real family would see himself in the remake starring Rene Russo and Dennis Quaid . It 's a story told in extremes , as if there were n't enough comedy potential in 18 kids under one roof .
There is a time to every purpose under heaven , but let us hope this particular one does n't last too long . Turn , turn , turn .
The modern soft edges only accentuate the datedness of the premise .
Harmless , just okay and perfect for that post-turkey theater outing with the whole clan .
Yours , Mine and Ours is indeed recycled garbage , but it 's fairly harmless recycled garbage . It 's certainly not enough to make you gag . Set your standards low , and the worst you should get is a hiccup or two .
Even those viewers attracted to the mayhem promised by Yours , Mine and Ours will have to admit what a mess has been made of this kids-in-a-shoe family comedy .
If you 're determined to adore each heavy-handed gag , relish the story line 's utter simplicity and bathe in the glow of its calculated warmth , you may tolerate Yours , Mine & Ours .
There 's not a moment in this story arc that is not predictable .
The entire undertaking is a wholly insincere and contrived attempt to exploit the recent success of Cheaper By The Dozen , another remake of a better film from the '60s , and it shows .
Yours , Mine & Ours is the movie equivalent of a box of generic macaroni and cheese : bland , easily digested , comforting , forgettable .
What matters is how stale and charmless this movie feels , how hard the actors all work in the service of mediocrity , and how shameless Hollywood is for feeding us thin porridge like this and then wondering why box office is down .
In watching Yours , Mine & Ours , you have to wonder what the director had against star Dennis Quaid .
Where 's Planned Parenthood when you need it ?
Watching the turkey in the oven would be more entertaining .
Lame-brained remake .
It throws in a few `` cute '' animals , such as a burping pig , just in case the kids do n't measure up .
A bland , numbingly obvious mix of slapstick and sentimentality .
charmless ... regularly features characters being doused with water , paint or vomit . Not since ` Titanic ' have there been so many gallons of splashing liquids in one movie .
Let 's be fair . As a family comedy for kids , this is pretty harmless .
Plays like a giant warning to get out of town before Cheaper by the Dozen 2 opens .
Stocked with enough Nickelodeon-owned kid stars to qualify as the public result of an intensive , mandatory summer acting camp .
Yours , Mine , and Ours is so bad you might not legally be allowed to call it a movie .
The film is a humongous , ice cold , fanged moneymaking machine brought to life by Hollywood suits who were angry that they passed on remaking Cheaper by the Dozen years back .
It 's harmless family treacle .
a humiliating mess
Far too many scenes with unfunny pratfalls , fights among kids , and a pig that always seems to be center-stage .
Although this remake is fairly true to the hokey 1968 blended-family comedy , which starred Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball , it 's not worth the effort .
This one is straight off the sit-com conveyer belt , all pratfalls and spit-takes .
It has a certain hapless charm , and while too much of its humor relies on Dennis Quaid falling face-first into puddles of things , it also has some clever riffs on the Red state/Blue state rivalry that exists within the film 's central household .
Director Raja Gosnell was editor of `` Home Alone , '' and the same forced slapstick comes into play here , often ending with poor Quaid landing face-first in a puddle of goo .
I guess my Mommy thinks if we see movies like Yours , Mine & Ours we wo n't run around so much when we get home .
Within the movie 's daffy unreality , this family of 20 manages to supply some moments that feel recognizably human .
A pro-abortion propaganda film . No one in their right mind would breed with the foreknowledge that they would grow up into these brats .
Yours , Mine & Ours is n't so much a movie as it is scene after scene of -LSB- Dennis -RSB- Quaid getting pelted with paint , food and other associated goo . But even as slapstick , it 's a major snoozefest .
At once so bland and so frantic that it 's almost unendurable ... will no one save us from this plague of alternately messy and mawkish comedies about oversized families ?
Gag .
Generally pleasant family-friendly fare .
Blandly wishy-washy .
Preposterous and not funny .



@highlight

The initial set-up is unbelievable , the plotting is predictable and stale , and the comedy depends on repetitive pratfalls that soon get old .