Each air battle has been scripted as a set piece that not only shows off the capabilities of the pilots and their machines , but also advances the plot . Bring your Dramamine !
It may indeed be inspired by a true story , but what we see onscreen is simply `` Star Wars '' set in some fantasy French air base circa 1917 .
The characters , although based on real life people , are one-dimensional stereotypes that exist for the sole purpose of presenting indistinguishable flesh-and-blood pilots for superabundant air battles .
The best of Pearl Harbor meeting the worst of HBO 's Band of Brothers .
Yearning for a time when warfare seemed so much simpler and more honourable , Flyboys is a thrilling , spectacular ride - but only when its dull characters get off the ground .
This well-produced , engaging film somewhat overreaches itself , trying to turn a crackling adventure into a sweeping emotional epic .
It 's as family-friendly as a war movie can be these days , relying on the daring of its amazing aerial sequences rather than carnage or vulgarity to promote its authenticity .
Flyboys does n't just use cliches - it wallows in them , feeling more like a film based on old war movies than actual history .
With its meticulous attention to detail and superior production values , the film promises much more than its unseasoned cast and thin plotting deliver .
Amazing aerial stunts % u2013 they are really are quite a sight to behold .
Romanticised battles and chivalry , heroic deeds and brutal deaths , these are the elements that Flyboys flies by , a thrilling adventure from the pages of history , tinged with the sadness of it all .
Weak on story , but strong on action , Flyboys is actually worth seeing for the effects alone .
The aerial combat scenes are visually stunning .
An embarrassing cliché-fest .
Even the aerial battle scenes are frustrating because they 've been shot with no sense of space -LRB- the effect is similar to watching a dance sequence where you ca n't see the dancers ' feet -RRB- .
You can forgive the chessiness when that camera is soaring through the air .
The introduction is slow , but director Tony Bill can be forgiven some sluggishness thanks to the spectacle of his aerial footage .
... while the flying sequences might be visually slick and exciting , the accompanying screenplay is woefully trite and phony .
click for full review -LSB- Greek -RSB-
This time , I simply had to split my vote .
Spectacular.When it really takes off , it 's undeniable fun .
As the boys become men , movie-made and heroic , they duly exalt their beloved Cassidy , just as he would n't want them to do .
While director Bill nails the sheer spectacle of squads of SPADs dovetailing in flames into the wide blue yonder , the earthbound action -LRB- much as it was in another sputtering epic , Michael Bay 's Pearl Harbor -RRB- is strictly laissez-faire .
With the romantic history behind it the script should practically have written itself . Unfortunately , the writers of the film allowed it to do just that .
Aafter a while -- there must be six major fights against unending numbers of German planes -- it feels like special effects run amok .
With the ongoing gloss , the tin dialogue and the broad echoes of `` Star Wars , '' `` Fly Boys '' is about as far removed from the best examples of the genre -- `` Wings '' and `` Hell 's Angels '' -- as it could get .
Flyboys rises above -LSB- its -RSB- flat characterizations to provide an often fascinating glimpse of the lives of early airmen .
It 's fair to say that while it might be about the Great War , it 's far from being a great movie .
In the sky , the scenes soar - but the ground story never takes off .
It 's a rousing throwback to a onetime Hollywood staple that has been off the screen for over 30 years : gallant devil dogs of the air defying death in their rickety crates and haunted by memories of buddies who did n't come back .
Curse you , Red Baron ... In a drama cast with vacuous young actors , even the battle scenes seem to exist in a vacuum .
The movie was beautifully filmed but poorly written . What can I say -- once again , the script is what makes or breaks a film .
` Flyboys ' is a nice-looking picture with some exciting moments , but it 's far too long and drastically underwritten to rank with the better war movies , or even ` Top Gun ' , for that matter .
Why make such a corny and incredibly predictable film ?
I 've seen most of the World War I aviator movies and Flyboys crash lands in the flyweight division .
Maybe it 's not the best war picture , but the story of men volunteering to do the right thing and most becoming heroes , some with their very lives , could n't have been released at a better time .
In Air , Goooood . On Ground , Baaaaad .
A throwback to old-fashioned movie making , FLYBOYS is enjoyable but overlong . Judicious editing might have helped . It might have also been better if the script went through at least one more draft . Still , it should be seen on the big screen for the stunni
Just what we need during these dark times , an empty film that glorifies war .
Having now seen this and next week 's The Guardian consecutively , I could write a thesis on what happens when reliable movie conventions become hideous excesses .
The painstaking authenticity and appealing cast of Flyboys ca n't overcome the cloyingly formulaic nature of its story .
This is old-school moviemaking , for better or worse , which means rat-a-tat dogfights in the sky combined with overripe romantic and social clichés on the ground .
No cliche goes unturned in the wooden script .
An ` escapist ' war movie with no discernible agenda or reason for being other than to entertain , which hardly seems adequate .
Younger moviegoers may respond to it , and to its sweet romance , celebration of manly camaraderie and overall air of historical accuracy .
Besides some fine dogfight sequences , it often feels threadbare , just an exercise in recycling .
The movie mainly appeals to viewers who need ` dogfights ' , noble deaths and burning Huns . It could stir the blood of the 13-year-old boy in anyone .
Tony Bill 's Flyboys is an entertaining , old-fashioned adventure saga , employing new digital filmmaking to bring to life action-packed dogfights and the reckless derring-do of the earliest days of wartime flight .
Flyboys has computer imaging and a fleet of vintage aircraft on its side , but it remains considerably less convincing than Wings -LRB- 1927 -RRB- , and less exciting .
I found myself fidgeting through much of Flyboys , a fictionalized story of the Lafayette Escadrille crammed with as much nifty aerial photography -LRB- real and digitally rendered -RRB- as you could hope for .
It 's watchable , but this was an epic tale deserving of a huge canvas and , frankly , a better director and actors . And a less simplistic script .
The high-altitude combat is thrilling , and aviation buffs will thrill to all the pretty biplanes sailing through the clouds . But the characters are corny and the situations are clichéd .
The computer-generated flying effects are the only reason to see the movie , but at some point somebody left the computer on too long , so it went ahead and spat out the script .
Flyboys does an excellent job of re-creating the confusion , speed and peril of fighting in the clouds with machine guns mounted on rickety planes .
Flyboys is so schematic and contrived , you can anticipate exactly what scene is going to come next , and who will be the next to die in combat .
No amount of aerial dogfights can compensate for storytelling this formulaic .
The back and forth between real biplanes and the CGI variety is flawless , and that makes the dogfights look far more exiting than stuff spent in outer space or with super-duper stealth fighters .
It 's as if director Tony Bill simply fished out a mothballed script from 1947 and filmed it without updating it for contemporary audiences .
The film spends most of its time on the ground , where a historically accurate but not terribly dramatic screenplay wanders through the same military clichés we 've been seeing since movies were invented .
Thrilling in the air as it is , it 's a cliched old war movie on the ground , with a groaner I-can ` t-speak-your-language romance and every stereotype short of a kid named ` Brooklyn ' .
This is spectacle in the grand old style , a bygone shot of adrenaline and grace .
The creators of Flyboys know no image too clichéd , no narrative convention too exhausted and no psychological motivation too pat that it ca n't do service .
Sometimes corn works . Sometimes it does n't . Flyboys flops .
A good documentary might have been a far more interesting film to make .
To be honest , this old-fashioned kind of adventure and romance is appealing . And the thrilling air-battle scenes alone will make it worthwhile for war buffs and aircraft aficionados .
This cornball effort pales in comparison with the best World War I dramas . Flyboys does n't feel particularly realistic , nor is it especially entertaining .
If the current legroom in economy class does n't make you resent the birth of the Wright Brothers , Flyboys certainly will . Like a flight from New York to Los Angeles , it 's bad and it 's long .
When Flyboys finally ends , a too-long 139 minutes later , there 's a sense of emptiness , perhaps even disgust .
Flyboys is schlock . It 's structure is predictable : comic moments , followed by an action sequence -- good from a distance , but as soon as we 're too close to the pilots , everyone just looks ridiculous .
The aerial dogfights are thrilling , but the script seems to have been written by Snoopy .
Those amazing young heroes from the second decade of the last century -- our first true fighter pilots -- deserve so much more than what 's served up in this very disappointing attempt .
Such unabashedly heroic whitewashing of what many consider the most horrific battlefield clash of modern times is nothing new to the movies but it seems painfully out of place in the present-day with real-life overseas casualties accumulating each day .
The movie 's straightforward and ingratiating , and as pretty-boy history lessons go , it 's a lot less obnoxious than Pearl Harbor .
But I do like this movie , at times very much so .
The computer-generated aerial footage ... makes dogfights with the Red Baron look like a really cool video game .
Had Top Gun been directed by a curator at the Smithsonian Museum , Flyboys would have been the outcome .
At a time when military movies tend to take the overwrought epic route , it 's kind of nice to see one that 's just fun . Flyboys ' attitude seems to be , ` Hey , look at the cool stuff we can do . '
Lots of heart , eye candy , and likable characters , but its lack of more grit , believability , and substance stops it from truly inspiring .
Chop at least half an hour off the running time by deleting the totally unnecessary and yawn-inducing love story and Flyboys would n't be half-bad .
Sometimes you just want to see pretty people in period costumes flying around in old-timey planes , swooning with impossible young love and screaming at the sky in rage .
... great dogfight sequences -LSB- plus -RSB- the fact that most of the audience will have no idea that the film is filled with clichés from movies they 've never seen .
Flyboys ' spectacular predictability confirms its shallowness .
Despite the brutal dogfights and inevitable deaths , there 's little gravity or resonance .
A valentine to WWI 's first American fighter pilots that does n't quite reach its aimed-for heights .
Unbearably tedious and mildly insulting .
... the movie 's main virtue may be scholarly : The filmmakers have gathered , all in one place , a century 's worth of war-movie clichés .
The romance does n't feel necessary to the film -- an observation that makes me realize the entire FILM does n't feel necessary to the film .
This is the first World War I aviation movie in over 40 years . Then , the movie proves why .
As is the case with so many films that are billed as ` based on a true story , ' Flyboys hopes to skate by on its fascinating subject matter alone .
Near the start of Flyboys , the squadron 's grizzled vet hands suicide pistols to the new pilots , to be used if they find themselves in a no-win situation . Unfortunately , the audience is offered no such option .
The edgy flight shots and stimulating biplane battles make Flyboys a better movie . They just do n't make it a good one .
Perfect for air show attendees , Air Force recruiters and vets of any war seeking to convey their experiences to squeamish wives or small children .
An inflated wannabe epic .
Empty headed and egregiously polite , this nostalgia trip to the First World War is what youd get if Norman Rockwell directed Top Gun .
The flying sequences are great fun , and there are a lot of them .
Has this script been in a drawer somewhere since 1942 ?
I have nothing against a good old-fashioned flying-aces war movie ... . I just get a little antsy at movies in which almost every single damn moment is presumed to be dramatic enough to warrant a swelling music cue .
Excellent use of the latest special effects makes for a real thrill ride that demands to be viewed on a big screen .
Sure , it 's schmaltzy . But this does n't pretend to be something it 's not . It 's a 124-minute old-fashioned , John Wayne-type , feel good war movie . And what 's wrong with that ? I loved it .
Gorgeously choreographed aerial photography and seamless visual effects give life , scope , exhilaration and danger to the action set-pieces .
A tie-in Flyboys video game is now available , designed to coincide with the film 's release . I guarantee that script will be better than this one .
While nothing ground-breaking , Flyboys is two-plus hours of passable entertainment .
One wishes this particular version did more than make glancing references to the despair and disillusion that was as much a part of this particular war as the exploding dirigibles and officers ' bonhomie .
Agreeably antiquated and enjoyable to the core , Flyboys is proof that they can , occasionally , make 'em like they used to .
Watching Flyboys , it 's hard not to giggle and think of Snoopy vs. the Red Baron .
For a while , Flyboys is just mindless , unintentional hilarity . But about halfway through this story the movie becomes an offensive piece of war propaganda .
Realized with a combination of vintage and replica aircraft , as well as elaborate CGI effects , the airborne sequences are duly awesome , if a tad monotonous . Ironically , the movie really takes off when it 's on the ground .
Because of his smoldering good looks , James Franco has been repeatedly compared to James Dean ; given Franco 's lack of edge and mystery -LRB- two qualities Dean possessed in spades -RRB- , this is like comparing David Spade to Cary Grant .
There is a reason it is n't called Flymen .
War is hell , but sitting through a clunky war film is n't much fun , either .
This is a lost opportunity on an epic scale . The actors are so styled and the dogfights so drippy with CG that , as a period piece , the movie almost looks like it 's set in the future .
The result guarantees a thrill a minute for all ages , and a few tears , too , in an old-fashioned kind of war movie with heart -LRB- in the best kind of tradition -RRB- that keeps you on the edge of your seat with your mouth wide open .
A dumbed-down Masterpiece Theater version of the events . ... Like too many ` actors ' of his generation , James Franco does n't appear to possess many noticeable acting skills .
The cliche-ridden histrionics were already old-fashioned ... fifty years ago . Now they seem positively moldy , and all the CGI dexterity in the world ca n't enliven them .
-LSB- A -RSB- grand yarn of adventure and catastrophe ... big and emotional and sentimental without being sappy ... It 's an instant new classic in my own little pantheon of favorite films . I love love love this movie .
James De , uh Franco , is likable but the movie is cliche-ridden and repetitive .
A majestic tribute to the Hollywood war films of yesteryear ... worth the price of admission for the amazing aerial dogfights alone .
A World War I aviation film that peddles clichés about the camaraderie of men who fight together .
Among these combatants , you wo n't find much All Quiet on the Western Front-style despair , and the paths of glory are unsullied by doubt or disillusionment .
The best way to sum up the FLYBOYS experience is `` quaint '' and I do n't mean that in a good way
Where 's the story ? Weak cast in toy planes . The dogfights are the stars .
Flyboys may be inspired by true events , but director Tony Bill 's evocation of an air squadron 's exploits during WWI is a sham no amount of droopy-dog posturing by James Franco can alleviate .
Snoopy 's battles with the Red Baron felt more authentic than this .
Despite impressive CG effects , this is an old-fashioned war-adventure about the first American pilot squadron in WWI , with something for everyone : thrilling combat for the boys , schmaltzy romance for the girls , shallow psychology and sociology of war .





@highlight

A poorly scripted history-rewriting exercise with mediocre acting and unconvincing CGI battle scenes .