If Battleship does show us quite how contrived the alien invasion genre has gotten , it also provides us with plenty of evidence of why we still love it .
Battleship is logic-free Michael Bay-style fodder where nothing 's at stake and even the jingoism is hard to take seriously . Everyone loses .
If ever a movie had ` Paid for by the U.S. Navy ' written all over it ... ` Battleship ' is tailored kitsch -- tailored to recruit male teens . Taylor Kitsch does a surprisingly good job of this .
Ladies and gentlemen , the reductio ad absurdum of dumb summer blockbusters .
Long , loud and pedestrian , this drama only gets exciting in its closing minutes .
An assault on reason , logic and complex characterisation , but in an enjoyable way , like a slightly less camp dramatisation of the Village People 's finest ship-based sing-song .
It 's just like the board game , assuming the board game cost $ 200 million and was dumb .
We should celebrate the explicit nature , the unabashed and unapologetic chutzpah of a film that dares to be stupid , yet does so with so much intelligence .
This cheap-looking dung heap does n't even bother hiding its contempt for paying audiences , and the lack of pretension almost justifies the cynicism on display .
What starts out as a seriously tense naval war thriller ends up being Pearl Harbour II : Intergalactic Boogaloo .
Battleship is a movie that is enjoyable beyond expectation , but does n't offer much more than the fast-food-style fun of a summer movie spectacle .
It 's not satire , it does n't play on two levels like Starship Troopers , it 's just s -- ... As a piece of miscalculated , American wankery , it is almost unparalleled .
It sure looks and sounds impressive , yet no matter how big , ridiculous and momentarily entertaining this film is , its characters struggle to convince you to join their fight .
Watch the movie for its spectacle and nothing else .
A silly summer popcorn flick that tries too hard to be witty and tongue-in-cheek while still embracing its deadly serious commitment to being the ultimate blow-em-up action extravaganza .
It really should have been obvious to everyone involved that it was going to turn out like this .
Believe it or not , no one ever says the game 's signature line . So , lets say it here , all together and with enthusiasm , `` You sunk my Battleship ! ''
It appears a Hollywood boardroom has scraped the bottom of the barrel of originality to come up with a very long , very loud movie with almost nothing new to say .
Direction is sharp , but the dull assembly line story damages this hokey action picture that 's occasionally so bad it 's good .
Battleship is to chicken burritos what The Avengers was to shawarma .
Maybe it was n't too smart to turn this Hasbro game into an alien-invasion movie .
For an action flick that starts to sink right out of port , ` Battleship ' does take a clever turn . But , boy , do you have to wait a long time for it to smarten up .
Any movie based on Battleship that does n't at least throw in a PT boat is n't worthy of the name .
... it sounds incredibly dumb -- and it is , but not without a little fun .
I am a sucker for these kinds of big , dumb action movies -LRB- I liked `` John Carter '' and `` The Green Lantern '' too -RRB- , particularly if they have a good deal of science fiction in them , and this one does .
Liam Neeson fans , beware : it 's the old bait and switch tactic as he has barely more than a cameo role in this alien invasion saga .
What 's next ? Lincoln Logs vs Tinkertoys ?
The best part of Battleship 's lackluster opening is that it immediately puts other game-based projects into turnaround : Easy Bake Oven : Apocalypse and My Pretty Pony : Rise of the Lycans , I 'm talking to you .
Peter Berg delivers his love letter to the military in a movie disguised as an Alien Invasion board game .
The CGI looks as good as it ought to given the criminally large budget , but the action is perfunctory and unimaginative .
Missteps sink this Battleship
One of the dumbest ideas for a movie ... ever .
Once the special effects take over , Berg has little room to assert his personality -LRB- or tell a story , for that matter -RRB- , and the movie feels like a chore .
A clangy , anchors-aweigh bombast of special-effects whoosh and wallop , ka-booming explosions and dumb action-movie dialogue .
Full of action and good special effects , but cheesy dialogue and a throw away plot eventually sink it .
It 's one of the loudest , most aurally assaultive films I 've ever seen . Some audience members will see that as a positive .
It 's fun in sporadic bursts , but never memorable .
... finally exercises its self-awareness bone and has a little fun before the credits roll ... worth sneaking into the ending after you see The Avengers again .
A messy mishmash of action movie clichés lost at sea -LRB- J14-Hit ! -RRB-
Battleship is a loud lobotomy .
Goes about its thought-free blow-s ** t-up business in such a bizarre and absurd manner that to simply dismiss it as laughably awful is to shortchange how oddly captivating its off-the-charts ` what-the-f ** k ? ' quality often is .
I never thought I 'd be saying this , but I enjoyed it .
If this is entertainment , we 're sunk .
The epitome of a summer blockbuster : a dizzying display of derring-do , patriotism and fearlessness in the face of an overwhelming alien invasion on the high seas . And the guy even gets the girl !
Epically bad in virtually every way imaginable ...
Dear Hasbro : I 'd like to thank you for ruining fond memories from my childhood .
A long , vapid and tedious orgasm of CGI effects that will leave you exacerbated .
Side note : Rihanna 's hat deserves recognition ! That cap was sealed on her head - weathering ocean waters and alien attacks ! Who needs a lace front with a hat like Rih 's ?
I had considerably more fun watching Berg destroy Michael Bay at his own game than watching Joss Whedon try to please everyone in the universe with ` The Avengers . '
Could be mistaken for a Transformers sequel except it 's missing Shia LaBeouf 's distinctive hairdo ... To tag it a worthy popcorn flick is the equivalent of spitting in the faces of Spielberg , Zemeckis or anybody who used to expertly do this sort of thing .
Terrific ! Fantastic special effects highlight this high-tension film of ordinary mortals who can die if things go wrong in a fight to the finish against aliens .
Riggins and Landry in the Navy , Peter Berg Does Michael Bay , Transformers-esque , Not Really Battleship ; any of those titles are just as fitting if not more so than Battleship .
` Veterans & Aliens ' ? That would have been a better movie .
It 's everything that 's wrong with modern science fiction and also a lot of fun .
The whole movie feels like Roland Emmerich 's sperm and Michael Bay 's sperm fertilized an egg Tony Scott cryogenically froze back in 1986 , producing a `` baby '' with qualities of all of its `` birth '' fathers .
Battleship is ultimately too derivative for my taste . I 'd be lying if I said I did n't have a tiny bit of fun with it , though .
Battleship is substantially less awful than it could have been . And for me , that may have been the biggest disappointment of all .
There is an earnestness to Battleship that makes it impossible to hate even with its clunky dialogue and plot holes so big you could float the entire Pacific Fleet through them .
If the movie is anything like the game , I say stay at home and read a good book -LRB- or graphic novel -RRB- . Or listen to an audiobook - In short , do anything else .
When Michael Bay is unavailable to do the job , Peter Berg is the guy they called to direct . Sadly , if you needed a film to go along with the lame alien film Skyline , ` Battleship ' is the perfect companion .
Battleship may be based on the popular Hasbro game , but it 's more like Transformers . Only Battleship can claim a better plot . But `` better '' is always a relative term .
Battleship is a movie where even benign satellite messages sent from NASA to distant worlds are giant laser beams that shoot through space causing lens flares and surround sound action .
While it provides some stimulation for the eyes and ears , the brain gets the shaft .
the film adds space invaders to the traditional maritime conflict , yet never forgets its humble roots as a board game played with pegs and increasingly educated guesses
Battleship blues : Where is Michael Bay when we need him ?
Over-the-top sci-fi action with great special effects .
A forgiving viewer may wonder if there 's method in its moronity : Creedence Clearwater Revival 's anti-war classic ` Fortunate Son ' blares over the end credits , as if in veiled insult to audience members who cheered the movie 's Hollywoodized warmongering .
It 's big , loud , dumb and sloppy but , despite it all , the thing entertains on some primal level .
... more than two hours of high-priced explosion porn that piles on its chest-thumping `` America , f & % k yeah ! '' machismo with a brazenness that makes Top Gun seem Merchant-and-Ivory quaint .
There 's nothing about Battleship that does n't feel like the conclusion of a hundred lengthy focus group discussions .
A deafening , seizure-inducing , patently ridiculous full-length military ad co-directed by Michael Bay and a trash compactor . Worst of all , it 's also a hell of a lot of fun .
Big loud stupid dopey shameless cliched overbearing and did I mention stupid ?
As alien invasions go , this ranks as one of the most inept in movie history .
`` What 's the difference between a battleship and a destroyer ? '' asks a starstruck boy upon meeting a U.S. Navy hero-to-be in Battleship . The smart answer would be `` one peg hole '' ... . The sailor says something else because Battleship is n't a smart movie .
It 's blatantly absurd , but if you surrender somewhat to its silliness , it may just put a big goofy grin on your face .
Battleship is bollocks . Oddly enough , it makes no apologies for being so stupid .
Big , loud , dumb -- and fun .
If you 're looking for something more than a mindless popcorn flick , look elsewhere .
It 's a multi-layer cake frosted with Rihanna pointing big guns at giant space ships and letting off all her rounds while screaming `` AUUUUGGGHHH ! ''
If you have endless patience , this film will deliver . In fact , everyone who sat through it deserves a silver star .
Big goofy summertime entertainment , quick on its feet and just as quick to poke fun at itself .
I 'm all for big , mindless , summer movie fun , but Battleship is so poorly written the dialogue alone could defeat the alien hordes if only they spoke English .
Battleship is an alien invasion flick with too earnest dialogue and ear-splitting explosions . Yet , everything works : the special effects , the performances , the breakneck pace .
Taylor Kitsch might be trying to fire his agent as we speak .
Battleship has plenty of action and explosions , but somehow it all unfolds without energy .
One can be sure that heroic characters get what they want , bond with enemies , and earn respect .
`` Battleship '' does n't sink , really . It just sits there booming endlessly as you look on aghast .
It makes `` Top Gun '' look like the work of Orson Welles . At least the Tom Cruise movie remembered to cast actual actors .
`` Battleship '' is an invigorating blast of cinematic adrenaline .
Finally , Hollywood has produced a movie for people who found the ` Transformers ' series too intellectually challenging .
Despite the blockbuster mistake of allowing Rihanna to make her big-screen debut , `` Battleship '' succeeds where it absolutely must : It 's one of the best , most entertaining popcorn flicks ever .
I did n't come to a movie called BATTLESHIP to see a bunch of crap that I could 've watched on 90210 . I want to see explosions and aliens and what-not !
... for some unknown reason Battleship tries to play like a romantic comedy - complete with a meet cute - for the first 1/3 of its overly long running time .
A distended and entirely generic movie about a trio of Navy ships -LRB- and , if one is generous , the people onboard -RRB- that are the last line of defense when aliens invade Earth .
`` Battleship '' is a loud and booming-blow - 'em - up movie made for a 12-year-old target audience . Adults should sit this one out - that is , if you do n't want to be exposed to a two-hour long headache .
Just make sure you go in with low expectations of anything resembling art and you might find yourself having fun while being yanked along on this over-the-top and dumb joy ride . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
There 's almost nothing to `` Battleship '' beyond its grindingly dull , digitally rendered naval warfare ; the flick could easily be retitled `` Flying Ordinance and Forgettable Stars : The Motion Picture . ''
One ethnic stereotype , two objectifying shots of the supermodel-ready female form , and three set-pieces of choppy , ADD-massaging quick edits away from being titled `` Transformers 4 . ''
A good , old-fashioned summer popcorn movie ... and Rhianna is a hoot .
If Ed Wood had a budget of a $ 100 million to throw around , even he might not have been able to direct a film as godawful as Battleship -- or as in poor taste .
It 's loud , it 's large , it 's stupid , and its best gag involves a chicken burrito .
Something of an earnest , two-hour infomercial that should do wonders for naval recruiting if not civilian entertainment .
This is the kind of summer movie that softens your brain tissue without even providing the endocrine burst of pleasure that would make it all worthwhile .
Mostly , Battleship is a noisy , overlong and numbing military-vs . - aliens saga with laughably bad dialogue .
Battleship is dopey , preposterous and unintentionally hilarious in all the wrong places , but as directed by Peter Berg , it is also energetic , fast-moving and bracing .
Most summer blockbusters are lumbering , exhausting exercises in endless payload delivery . `` Battleship '' is that rare $ 200 million movie with a twinkle in its eye .
Like `` Transformers , '' which it rivals in relentlessness , `` Battleship '' comes with its own force field , a furious energy that renders criticism irrelevant .
... dumber than a box of rocks . These filmmakers have paid no attention to physics , logic , consistency or real people .
It 's the sort of movie every summer needs . And stick around for a fun post-credits sequence that hints at a sequel .
Well , it has aliens , for one thing .
It may leave you screaming `` Turn it off ! '' or , at the very least , `` Jumanji ! ''
Battleship is all noise and crashing metal , sinking to the shallows of Michael Bay 's Armageddon and then digging to the brain-extinction level of the Transformers trilogy .
An unholy mash-up of ` Pearl Harbor ' and ` Transformers ' ... if Berg does n't match -LSB- Bay -RSB- in bombast and stupidity , it 's not for lack of trying .
You ca n't help but wonder what Hasbro will do with Candy Land .
Hey , if you 're Hasbro and Universal , and you 've agreed to make a movie based on nothing more than brand recognition of a game , you 've got to fill two hours with something .
-LSB- It -RSB- has a plot as unambitious as a macaroni dinner , familiar and easy to eat and not particularly nutritious .
Battleship knows that it 's big , dumb summer fun , and it does n't pretend to be anything more .
The film boasts a destroyer 's wallop of visual effects , but not enough brains to fill a dinghy .
I was never bored . And that , sadly , makes it better than most of the other expensive and over-hyped films of its ilk .
Perhaps not quite as painful as you might be expecting , though probably not as enjoyable , either .
`` Battleship '' employs the same nonintelligent strategy as the Hasbro board game : Fire blindly at broad targets and wait for explosions .
It 's fast , efficient , and keenly aware of its popcorn-movie mission statement .
Berg does his best to emulate Michael Bay 's timeless military-fetish-meets-farting-robots aesthetic , but he never succeeds at putting together an action set-piece that clicks .
Saluting both the American flag and filmmaker Michael Bay , ` Battleship ' rises to new heights of pandering while Erich and Jon Hoeber 's screenplay sinks to depths of dopiness .
The loudest , dumbest alien-invasion movie based on a board game since , well , ever .
`` Battleship '' is the worst humans-fighting-aliens movie I 've ever seen . And I 've seen a lot of humans-fighting-aliens movies .
A shamelessly corny , ridiculous , silly , cheesy and utterly preposterous big budget Hollywood spectacle , and I 'll be damned if I did n't enjoy the hell out of it .
More fun than a board game blockbuster has any right to be
All hopped up on Michael Bay-brand steroids , Berg attempts to outwit his audience by playing so broadly with a painfully simple concept . It 's a shame almost nothing in Battleship comes close to genuine fun .
Mind-numbingly entertaining . It 's great when summer blockbuster offers clever verses , but I 'll settle for a killer chorus .
Some guilty-pleasure cheese atop a ration of stale popcorn ca n't cleanse the distastefulness that `` Battleship '' leaves in its wake .
As big , dumb summer movies go ... this is just another big , dumb summer movie . And one that makes you feel slightly dumber for having watched it .
Turn off your brain and enjoy . But do n't forget to cover your ears .
Berg has definitely spent his reported $ 200 million budget on stuff you can see . It 's just all so profoundly stupid .
The Marines got that commercial where the recruit slays the fire-spewing lava monster , and now the Navy has its two-hour propaganda film about the glories of fighting alien invaders positioned in neat little quadrants at sea . Just try to forget it 's a toy .
The film eventually comes down to lots of scenes in which things get blowed up real good .
Berg proves himself a poor man 's Michael Bay in staging the chaotic action sequences .
At one point , a hot chick in a Jeep saves the world by ramming her car into an alien thingamajig .
If the movie works at all it is as a gigantic goof on the elements that make up contemporary blockbusters .
... a big , bold blast so swaggeringly expressed and self-knowingly built that it wins you over with its sheer bravado .
Surrounding the alien rumpus , the filmmakers have built an unexpectedly sincere salute to the awesome responsibilities of today 's U.S. Navy as well as to the heroic work of veterans who came before .
Not all of `` Battleship '' works . But even when you 're laughing at it -- not with it -- the blockbuster remains silly fun , leaks and all .
There will be bigger movies this summer , and better ones and worse ones . But there will not be a dumber movie than `` Battleship . ''
Silliness is cinematic buoyancy for a movie as lazy as Battleship .
When did Peter Berg become Michael Bay 's smarter brother ?
A noisy , escapist , action-filled , cinema video game that 's filmsy , formulaic and far too long .
Battleship has the IQ of a rutabaga and does n't require much more intelligence than that to watch .
In a summer movie season filled with highly anticipated blockbusters , Battleship just does n't deliver on the spectacle it promises .
`` Battleship '' is big , dumb fun that knows it 's big , dumb fun and enthusiastically embraces its big , dumb , fun nature .
Battleship , a commercial for , alternately , the military or Michael Bay 's back catalog , feels sunken from an overdose of charmless grunting and computer-generated ballast .
Titanic meets The Transformers in a film that suffers from having to hold its heading in the wake of The Avengers . Still , a genius CGI team enables Peter Berg to maintain larger-than-life disaster , epic action and futurism with audacious buoyancy .
When the F-14s came out for a triumphant flyover , I looked around the room to find the moron who was applauding only to realize that it was me .
Battleship is n't the longest or dumbest blockbuster to ever exist , but so soon after bar-raising spectacle of The Avengers , maybe the most pointless .
Its endless parade of explosions , battles and general mayhem makes Michael Bay seem like Ingmar Bergman in comparison with Battleship director Peter Berg .
Director Peter Berg engages in Michael Bay fetishism the way one might say Ed Gein engaged in female festishism .
Battleship is a surprisingly faithful adaptation of its board game source material : occasionally entertaining yet soul-crushingly repetitive .
This movie is not horrendous and judging from the trailers we 've seen , I guess that 's a win ?
Shamelessly mimics Michael Bay 's larger-than-life dialogue , sweeping cinematography , cornball romance , and military fetishism .
As a child , if you ever placed one of your mom 's cooking pots on your head and beat on it with a spoon you 'll get the idea of what it is like watching BATTLESHIP .
This so-called tribute to the Navy is about as welcome as a post-shore leave shipwide outbreak of the clap .
Missiles have the only sensible dialogue in this otherwise technically awesome picture .
Underwhelmingly written and overwhelmingly produced , Battleship is a silly , formualic picture dominated by action set-pieces and CGI effects .
Não apenas é aborrecido e tolo como ainda conceitualmente feio , glorificando o que há de pior na natureza humana : a guerra , o impulso de destruição e , claro , a iniciativa de transformar jogos de tabuleiro em superproduções hollywoodianas .
Slo-mo action at every turn probably does n't help but at least it 's not the total horror show it could have been .
The effects shots are so complex and protracted that they 're little more than unintelligible tangles of water and steel , washing over the audience in a wave of vague expense .
Battleship is an unapologetic marriage between a Sci-Fi & Navy/Military geek 's wet dream ... It 's a buttery , American triumphalist , generic , fluffy , cinematic popcorn escapism .
There really is n't an original thought in Berg 's film , but there is a whole lot of energetic action and more than just a little excitement .
Besides being a blatantly obvious Transformers rip-off , Battleship is essentially explosion porn - a practically endless litany of stuff being blown up , with the destruction of Hong Kong thrown in for good measure .
I found myself reveling in the silliness of what is , essentially , the most expensive B-movie ever made .
Listening to Angus Young 's guitar riffs blasting out of today 's state-of-the-art digital speakers is a whole new way of rocking the boat at sea .
Loud , ridiculous and US Navy propaganda it may be , but Battleship transcends its inauspicious origins to become a dumb actioner with a sense of fun . You could ask for more but you would n't get it .
Here it is - the first truly bad film of the year .
Long , loud , ludicrous , mindlessly enjoyable ...
This thing is an Asylum movie with hundreds of millions of dollars of gloss on it .
Hasbro 's classic game is clumsily shoehorned into a movie that literally takes every single Michael Bay movie and squooshes them into a formulaic action blockbuster .
The ridiculousness of it all is either sheer joy or pure hell -- depending on how seriously you take it .
Peter Berg and Co have milked those little plastic game pieces for all their worth in a film that 's ridiculous but sometimes fun
Sinking vessel ahoy .
Cringe at unfeasibly wooden acting and hoot at unspeakably bad dialogue , not all of which is unintentionally funny . By the time a bunch of grizzled veterans turn up , all you can do is raise the white flag and surrender to the film 's awesome silliness .
Like the very best junkfood , Battleship has no nutritional value whatsoever but goes down easy . I just hope the film is meant to be a send-up .
Battleship is trash .
For action junkies this is a passable way to spend two hours , if you 're in an undemanding mood .
-LSB- P -RSB- retty much the dullest alien invasion movie ever , featuring an uninteresting incursion by nondescript aliens doing boring things and not even blowing -LSB- stuff -RSB- up in exciting new ways .
An assault on reason , logic and complex characterisation , but in an enjoyable way , like a slightly less camp dramatisation of the Village People 's finest ship-based sing-song .
If you found Transformers just a touch too subtle , this is the film for you .
Peter Berg does n't inject Battleship with much personality , but he shoots the action here with a clarity I appreciated .
The third Hasbro toy-to-film franchise -LRB- after Transformers and GI Joe -RRB- does n't mess with a winning format .
All you need to know about Battleship - about an alien invasion suppressed by the US navy - is that it contains the phrases `` We 're talking about an extinction-level event '' and `` It 's the North Koreans , I 'm tellin ' ya '' .
There is just no way this should work . And yet , we have an adrenalin-packed winner .
With its undeniably preposterous premise , there 's a silliness that underlies close to every scene of Battleship .
Despite the extensive arsenal it has at its disposal , Battleship fails to hit its target .
It 's a preposterously lunkheaded salute to American naval machismo . It 's a Frankenstein 's monster of a digital action spectacle , bolted together from ill-fitting parts of other movies . And it 's arguably the noisiest film ever made .
This is one of the loudest films I have ever sat through in the cinema . My eardrums were pounding from crashing metal and thrashing rockets , all scored with a pounding heavy rock soundtrack .
It 's rather more watchable than you might expect because it wears its idiocy on its sleeve and is , at times , quite funny .
The latest , loudest and stupidest example of the hyper-jingoistic , military-fetishising , intellect-lowering alien invasion movie .
Battleship is monumentally moronic -LSB- but -RSB- there is still a huge amount of over-the-top , double entendre theatrics and bombastic action to giggle gleefully at .
With the punishingly dull , endlessly monotonous Battleship , Peter Berg has given the term `` a poor man 's Michael Bay '' credibility , and that 's a scary thing .
There 's nothing original in the script from brothers Jon and Erich Hoeber and they 've failed to create any interesting characters despite a running time of more than two hours .
Impressive visual effects and Berg 's epic set pieces fight against an armada of cinematic clichés and some truly awful dialogue .
Think ` Kaboom ! ' -LRB- or any generic explosion descriptor -RRB- and you 'll accurately epitomise the latest Hollywood end-of-the-world big-screen blockbuster , the two hours of noise known as Battleship .
Berg has clearly been enjoying a steady diet of Michael Bay movies if this is anything to go by .
It 's not going to win any awards - but Battleship is about as dependable a vehicle as its namesake suggests .
The characters are engaging , the effects are superb and the action sequences are inventive enough that the concept of being based on a board game actually pays off .
The longer things last , the less interesting they become as the tone veers wildly between gung-ho action , unintentional humour and shameless jingoism .
If you love military hardware , it 's a great naval gazing exercise . But as a blockbuster it 's all a bit half-mast .
Overlong and underwritten even by the standards of summer f/x extravaganzas , this Battleship will nonetheless float with many on the strength of its boyish , eager-to-please razzle-dazzle .
Strangely , subversively , thrillingly awful . But also short and simple .
Misguided in the extreme . A scene in which Kitsch and co aim blindly for the broadest of targets - and miss by miles - proves painfully apt .
Hasbro 's track record in the cinematical arts is not great , but they should be applauded for their tireless efforts to find work for supermodels . They deserve to be movie stars too , guys .
Battleship is n't particularly concerned with crafting an elegant narrative , instead it delivers walloping spectacle as one giant set piece rolls into another .
Miss. .
The film 's superbly written , choreographed and directed climactic sequence washes away any reservations
With an onslaught of jaw-dropping visual effects , non-stop action and a narrative that delivers some surprises , Battleship booms onto the screen with style and scale
An unapologetically patriotic , mammoth sized action spectacle , what Battleship lacks in smarts and innovation it makes up for in pure popcorn entertainment .
... the result is a wannabe-blockbuster that should be studied in film schools as a perfect example of what happens when commerce becomes more important than concept .

@highlight

It may offer energetic escapism for less demanding filmgoers , but Battleship is too loud , poorly written , and formulaic to justify its expense -- and a lot less fun than its source material .