The Iron Lady is a tremendously good movie in what it includes , but one that is sadly incomplete .
... turning everything into a wobbly melodrama and placing all the responsibility on the steel shoulders of Meryl Streep is too much . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Have you ever seen a terrific trailer , only to find yourself grossly disappointed in the actual film ? Too much of the movie is about an elderly Thatcher shuffling about in a nightgown . -LRB- But I challenge anyone to shuffle as convincingly as Ms. Streep . -RRB-
The film is just too sentimental for a political biopic and especially for one about Thatcher ; a famously unsentimental character .
Played by the always exceptional Meryl Streep , Thatcher is given more humanity than she may actually deserve .
While the movie tries to cultivate Thatcher 's life , it 's not perfect . But the chemistry between Broadbent and Streep to elevate an untold romance beautifully elevates the flawed movie .
As for Streep , she 's taken this material and run with it like Tim Tebow with a Hail Mary pass .
The Iron Lady is one sad old grey mare , a warhorse in the worst sense of the term , lame , tired , hobbled by a dreadful script and worse direction .
While it 's the filmmaker 's right to sympathise with this furiously divisive and much reviled figure in British politics , the uncritical approach severely undermines the film 's conviction .
So , as thrilling as it is to watch Streep imitate Thatcher , The Iron Lady feels like a missed opportunity , not to blame and cast aspersions , but to weigh and assess .
It 's a pity Streep ca n't be picked up as Thatcher like a chess piece and placed down in a different , better film .
A solid tribute to the conservative icon despite its meandering focus on her failing health .
... ignores the political and historical context of almost EVERYTHING that happens so that they can make the fabulously reductive statement that LIFE WAS TOUGH FOR GIRLS , BUT SHE WAS A TOUGH GIRL .
The narrative is not well structured , and Streep 's performance suffers as a result ... . The scenes with Broadbent are the best . They just are n't worth sitting through a history lesson that is n't taught well .
Plucking the audience 's heartstrings feels like the worst possible way to make a film about someone called The Iron Lady .
Meryl Streep mesmerises in her portrayal of Britain 's groundbreaking but controversial leader .
As it stands , The Iron Lady is n't doing any favours for history , feminism or at the very least fans of biopics , but it is a clear victory for Streep . It 's just too bad that the film does n't do her spot-on performance any justice .
All of the film 's flaws melt away in the face of another great performance by Streep .
There 's a great story to be told about the life of Margaret Thatcher . Unfortunately , this is not it .
As it stands , The Iron Lady is n't doing any favours for history , feminism or at the very least fans of biopics , but it is a clear victory for Streep .
Streep brilliantly conveying the movie 's ultimate message : After all you accomplish in this life , it 's the little things that may just be our intended destinies .
With everything , including the most pivotal moments , rendered in shorthand , The Iron Lady diminishes the accomplishments of the person whose story it tells and the actress working so hard to offer a well-rounded embodiment of her .
The filmmakers have n't come to any conclusion about Thatcher or , indeed , why they made a movie about her .
Not as satisfying as ` Kings Speech ' or ` The Queen ' but Streep 's predictably flawless performance of Margaret Thatcher induces awe and rousing audience response .
Streep 's performance of a dismissive line such as `` People do n't think anymore , they feel , '' will have even the most dyed-in-the-wool liberal questioning core beliefs .
Loved and loathed in equal measure , Margaret Thatcher is a difficult subject for any film , how do you make ` the Iron Lady ' a sympathetic character ? Why would disconcerting audiences flock to see this film ?
Meryl Streep singlehandedly carries The Iron Lady with a performance-quite literally-for the ages .
full review at Movies for the Masses
Mesmo beneficiada por uma performance impecável de Meryl Streep , acaba soando mais como um cruzamento entre Uma Mente Brilhante e A Vida é Dura - A História de Dewey Cox .
Although this film contains a great performance by Streep -LRB- one of the greatest actors of her generation -RRB- and strong supporting performances , the muddled multi-flashback story spends far too much time on Thatcher 's late life mental problems .
As a biopic , The Iron Lady does the bare minimum of what it needed .
Despite Streep 's great performance , the film wavers between a touching story about a sympathetic old woman and a cautionary tale of hubris gone wild .
One-of-a-kind , chimpanzees-pounding-on-typewriters awfulness .
Can a mediocre movie be made worthwhile by a single performance ?
A great performance can elevate a mediocre film , as is the case here - this is worth watching for Streep alone .
Streep 's strong . The movie , not so much .
Meryl Streep 's acting is fantastic ; the movie not so much .
This is n't a great movie , but Streep is great in it .
Memorable performance , forgettable movie .
Whatever flaws the film as a whole may have , the phenomenal accomplishment of Streep 's work in it can not be overstated .
If you 're looking for a terrific docudrama , you 're going to be very , very disappointed . Total cookie-cutter and only Meryl Streep 's performance holds it together .
Wastes an extraordinary Meryl Streep performance as the filmmakers muck about in maudlin meanderings that probably would have earned them a severe tongue-lashing from the film 's formidable subject .
Great Streep , iffy movie .
A two-and-a-half-star movie raised to four-star status solely on the performances of Meryl Streep and Jim Broadbent .
Streep 's got my vote .
If the idea is to humanise the woman , it 's rather wasted . If there 's one thing Margaret Thatcher wo n't be remembered for , it 's her humanity .
... a perfectly adequate movie that satisfies most of the requisites for pop history - it 's snarky and smarmy at the same time , and it seems unlikely to challenge anyone 's preconceived notion of who Thatcher was or is ...
Streep wears Thatcher 's body in her prime with authority and in her twilight with an all-too human sense of frailty , reminding us that , however iron-willed she was as a conservative politician , she is still decidedly human
As we discover , screenwriter Abi Morgan is less interested in Thatcher the world leader than she is in Thatcher the dotty shut-in .
Although this is an interesting movie , the character outshines the screenplay . That 's not surprising considering that Meryl Streep is earning acclaim for her portrayal of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in ` Iron Lady . '
Skillfully portrayed by Meryl Streep , on her way to Academy Award nomination number 17 ...
-LRB- Meryl -RRB- Streep 's performance elevates the movie , making it seem more important and profound than it is .
Forget for a minute the movie 's soft-pedaling of its central character . ... With so much history and personality to draw upon , it 's infuriating that so much of the running time is wasted on mere speculation involving an elderly person 's flights of fancy .
The only element to compel your attendance of this tangle is Streep . What she can do with an anemically written role is glorious . Long may she thrive .
... one of those problematic films that contain several things that are good , and one that is excellent , yet seem in the end seems to have no particular need to have been made in the first place .
The screenplay itself is problematic , but Streep dazzles .
Anyone coming in with a grudge will be defeated . Harboring rancor towards a frail woman , confused and staring into space , is like beating up on a grandmother .
What is undeniable though is that Streep is compelling throughout and gives what for any other actress would be the performance of a lifetime . For Streep , it 's just another day at the office .
`` The Iron Lady '' takes a clean shot , but fails in its attempt to tell an intriguing story . But Streep is great !
Streep embodies both the agonizing doubt and the necessary confidence that the real Thatcher must have felt . It 's an extraordinary performance .
The highlights of Thatcher 's controversial career are managed in abbreviated montages that do n't do the woman or these events justice .
What keeps The Iron Lady afloat is the mesmerizing work of its star . As we already know , Streep goes beyond mimicry to fully inhabit her characters , from The French Lieutenant 's Woman to Julia Child .
Repeat after me , Meryl Streep is amazing .
A fairly standard biopic containing an extraordinary performance . Meryl Streep arguably occupies the place where Morgan Freeman sat 15 years ago : America 's greatest living film actor .
There 's no disputing Streep 's brilliance ... in a movie demanding only an impersonation . She unerringly slips into Thatcher 's trilling speech and imperious glares , practically withering before your eyes during the senility segments .
As a biography , it 's a ridiculous mess - but as entertainment , this bizarre jukebox biopic built around the expectedly brilliant Streep is a qualified guilty pleasure .
Not exactly a concept to set spirits soaring .
Mamma mia ! Why would you turn the story of Margaret Thatcher into a tale of a sweet , dotty old lady ?
It 's one of those roles that you know Streep is just going to knock out of the park because she knocks every role out of the park -- and she does . You still should n't see Iron Lady .
A few striking scenes do n't unite for a satisfying whole . Streep 's powerfully measured performance is something greater than the film that holds it .
The movie is remarkably free of complexity and depth , sidestepping any attempt to delve . The magnificent Streep deserves better . Then again , we all do .
Even Ms. Streep 's best efforts ca n't rescue this sloppy biopic from itself .
Yes , Streep is wondrous as usual , but her superpowers have been squandered here .
Streep is uncanny as Britain 's controversial first woman PM , emerging from beneath a minimum of latex to communicate an almost-forlorn and lonely steeliness .
The Iron Lady is a performance in search of a film .
Often `` The Iron Lady '' relies on montages to get to - and plow through - historic high points .
Overall , The Iron Lady is a good , if unexceptional biopic , worthwhile mostly due to Streep .
Streep gets the basics but her performance beyond that is just as tone-deaf and filled with histrionics as the film itself .
If it was n't for Streep , The Iron Lady would n't be nearly compelling and comprehensive enough .
-LSB- Streep 's -RSB- performance overpowers the movie it 's in - a perfectly executed triple axel that renders everything else just featureless ice .
As an acting showcase , the film offers Meryl Streep yet another hallmark role in a career dotted with them .
The only reason to see the movie is Meryl Streep 's performance-and then , only if you have yearned for Queen Meryl , Our Lady of the Accents .
The Iron Lady is indeed tragic , though for reasons that have nothing to do with the story at hand .
... dull , clichéd and wrongheaded as a biopic can be , sporting a shallow and hamfisted script , and equally inept direction . But Streep sure makes a great Margaret Thatcher .
Streep 's performance is so true and so uncannily accurate , so full and so complete in its understanding , that she is fascinating every second she is onscreen .
Streep , no fan of Thatcher , nicely undercuts the poignancy of her current condition with flashbacks that reveal her brittle arrogance in office .
A performance by Meryl Streep of endless intelligence can not keep this portrait of Thatcher from being the sentimental nonsense she spent her career trying to avoid .
It 's not exactly a sympathetic portrayal ... or a very interesting one .
While the rest of `` The Iron Lady '' fades quickly in memory , Meryl Streep 's performance in the title role remains startlingly present .
Everything Streep does here is a seismic act of theater . If she so much as tilts her head , the earth tilts with it . She does n't simply overwhelm this thin historic biography - and the other actors around her - she detonates it .
Smears a life across the screen , surveying triumphs and disasters , remaining as close to Thatcher 's personality as possible , favoring intensity of thought over a meticulous recreation of history .
-LSB- Streep -RSB- transcends the limitations of the material to embody Thatcher 's real , or imagined , conflicted emotional landscape .
The portrait that Streep delivers in Phyllida Lloyd 's impressionistic biopic is astonishing .
Streep is Oscar-worthy here , as she almost always is , which is hardly a surprise , and the historic subject matter is fascinating whichever way your politics may lean .
`` The Iron Lady '' is keenly attuned to the small indignities of a woman trying to elbow her way into a man 's world .
The movie 's not good , but Streep is not to be missed .
A stylized biography of one of the most powerful women in politics , portrayed by the greatest actress of our time , that asks more questions than it answers .
Even if you have little interest in Thatcher or why she mattered , you 'll likely respond to the contradictory yet charismatic character that Streep has conjured from truth and myth .
It 's all over the map and all that 's worth watching , in the end , is a great performance by Meryl Streep .
Yes , it 's a strangely de-politicized portrait of Britain 's first female prime minister . But what 's there is actually enough .
You have to be very talented to work with Meryl Streep . It also helps to know how to use her . `` The Iron Lady '' fails in both of these categories .
Streep gets under the skin of one of the 20th century 's most dynamic and also most contained personalities .
Streep puts on an impeccable accent and finds plenty of emotional depth , but the oddly structured film never goes beyond a surface look at Thatcher 's political career .
No matter what your opinion is of Thatcher the politician , it can surely be agreed that this is no way to treat a highly successful person 's life 's work .
Even a performance as formidable as Streep 's ca n't overcome the unhappy fact that ` The Iron Lady ' is a sadly superficial treatment of the life and times of one of the late twentieth century 's most influential , and controversial , political figures .
We get the story of Thatcher 's rise and fall from her own point of view ... filtered through the distorting lens of her own Alzheimer 's - stricken mind .
Streep 's performance notwithstanding , this Lady suffers from iron deficiency .
Altogether this is a much softened and declawed portrait of the most divisive prime minister of recent times .
Lloyd and Morgan fix their gaze on Thatcher as a daughter , wife and mother - that 's the thread that 's pulled . The film duly unravels .
Thatcher is portrayed as virtually showing up out of nowhere in Parliament for no compelling reason in particular , and instantly whipping all those male wimp politicians into line . When actually groomed the other way around , and not unlike Sarah Palin .
A potentially-underwhelming production elevated singlehandedly by another tour de force turned in by the ever-astounding Meryl Streep .
What we do have is ... a stunning performance from Meryl Streep to set alongside her Isak Dinesen and Julia Child .
Streep and Broadbent are entirely watchable , and Thatcher 's story , even in its vague and watered-down state , is inherently interesting .
Witnessed in a vacuum , free of the adulation that has more to do with Streep 's reputation than the film , her performance is a pleasure to watch .
The movie itself is n't half as interesting as its leading lady .
Anyone over the age of 35 will find the whistle-stop , romanticised tour of Thatcher 's career offers scarcely any insight , skating over most of the interesting issues .
Whichever side you are on , you will be full of admiration for Streep 's masterclass . Long may this particular ruler remain in her Hollywood ` office ' .
One ca n't help feel that without the magnificent Streep , The Iron Lady would be a forgettable TV movie .
Streep is simply brilliant as Thatcher in every way : her voice , her posture , her movements and facial expressions , her frightening and sudden imperiousness .
The Iron Lady is dominated by Streep 's tour-de-force portrayal of Thatcher , which should earn her an Oscar .
Jaw-droppingly misconceived .
Streep may be a hot Oscar favourite but you need more than a star turn to make a good movie , and The Iron Lady is n't likely to please anyone in Britain .
Streep imbues Thatcher with all the humanity and subtlety that Morgan 's script fails to provide .
Without the award-worthy Streep , it 's just high-quality historical karaoke .
Streep gets everything right .
Personality politics might have been anathema to Margaret Thatcher MP , but this film is propelled by the sheer power of her presence .
Almost hysterically inadequate .
Poignant and touching though it is in places , I ca n't help feeling Thatcher and her family would find this portrayal invasive and cruel while the factual accuracy seems highly debatable .
The Iron Lady is worth watching for Streep 's almost certainly Oscar-bound performance , but the patchy script lacks both dramatic and emotional weight , while viewers of a certain age may resent being made to feel sorry for Margaret Thatcher .
It is n't Streep 's fault that The Iron Lady ends up feeling so uninvolving and oddly dour .
Certainly , it 's worth seeing and arguing over , but my personal take on Thatcher remains unchanged , Streep 's virtuoso ministrations notwithstanding .
On the rare occasions when the film does allow her to become nastily political , this Margaret comes alive .
For all its flaws , this is still a remarkable film that is well worth watching for one reason only - the amazing Ms Streep , surely the world 's best actress .
Maudlin and ham-fisted , The Iron Lady is cinematic scrap metal .
Streep is ... pitch perfect . Much like her Julia Child in Julie and Julia , she goes way beyond impersonation . But even Streep ca n't single-handedly give depth and nuance to a movie so briskly content with skimming surfaces both political and psychological .
The screenplay is pedestrian and the acting , including that of star Meryl Streep , is unmemorable .
While I have really liked several femme performances this year ... , Dame Meryl -LRB- the only reason the US should consider having royalty -RRB- stands out amongst them all .
A predictable story is made weaker by the odd treatment of telling the story of the Iron Lady from the point of view of an unsound mind .
The Iron Lady is an example of an actress being so much better than the film she 's in . Meryl Streep , as Margaret Thatcher , presides with grand humanity , over a film that is pretty much a shambles .
The Iron Lady could have been a cultural talking point , but it reiterates more than it reveals .
Mostly negative fiction , this hit job leaves out everything positive about the great woman who was the first female Prime Minister of England and the longest sitting PM of the 20th Century , concentrating only on her Alzheimer 's Disease .
The ` young ' years are by far the film 's weakest . Put Streep back in the center for the 1980s and at the very least we can be amazed at the actress 's ability to disappear into character , even one so well known and documented ...
One of Streep 's finest-ever performances .
If it were n't for Streep , The Iron Lady would be unwatchable .
Streep is riveting in well-acted but underwhelming biopic .
Streep is ... the only good or even tolerable thing in a movie that is mostly comprised of nothing but absolutely bizarre structural choices married to hallucinatory direction .
What keeps The Iron Lady afloat is the mesmerizing work of its star . As we already know , Streep goes beyond mimicry to fully inhabit her characters ...
Meryl Streep is phenomenal . Everything about The Iron Lady that IS N'T Meryl Streep is pretty much a letdown .
The film views Thatcher with sympathy and admiration ; the effect is a strange movie that manages to compel while also coming off as shortsighted .
... -LSB- a -RSB- doddering , amateurish spectacle .
No matter your politics , -LSB- Streep -RSB- makes you see Thatcher as a real person rather than a caricature .
Do n't come to it looking for whoever the `` real '' Margaret Thatcher is or was . Do n't come to it looking for justification for your own world-view . Come to bask in the glow of Meryl Streep 's skillful , frequently mechanical chameleonism .
Amazingly , the writer of this shallow , short-sighted stuff , Abi Morgan , also co-wrote one of this season 's deepest and most sensitive character studies , Shame .
Takes a blandly nonpartisan approach to one of the most controversial , as well as influential , politicians in British history .
The film stars an unsurpassable Meryl Streep , whose ability to empathize with her characters has never been more gloriously impassioned than it is in this titanic performance .
What `` The Iron Lady '' does contain - what makes it worth watching - is a literally amazing performance by Meryl Streep ...
Like a grocery list , checks off some of the major events during Margaret Thatcher 's career , but does n't explore them with any substantial depth .
Though not illuminating as a historical biopic , the film features a tour-de-force performance by Meryl Streep .
A story of love 's informing the seldom-explored struggle for personal dignity and freedom in the face of ageing and conventional `` wisdom '' about seniors .
There is something basically distasteful about using the infirmities of a living person 's old age as fodder for such syrupy speculation .
An affecting if not always satisfying portrait of the strong-willed leader humbled by age .
Less of a movie than a showcase for Streep .
As much as I loved Streep 's performance of Thatcher in decline , I found myself wanting more of the Iron Lady and less of the rusted-out one .
The most troublesome element is the iron-clad praise of Thatcher being the only female Prime Minister . Despite the history , she was a rigid conservative known for disregarding the poor in a way that would make the current Republican candidates blush .
Those hoping for insight into the life and times of Margaret Thatcher herself will leave deeply disappointed .
The Iron Lady is shallow but satisfying , largely because of Meryl Streep and her big fake English teeth and gift for using mimicry as a means of achieving empathy .
The Iron Lady is a clever and oddly touching entertainment .
You are left with the impression of an old woman who ca n't quite remember who she used to be and of a movie that is not so sure either .
Is there anything that Meryl Streep ca n't do as an actress ? One can only marvel at her virtuoso performance as Britain 's Margaret Thatcher in ` The Iron Lady . '
A fairly straightforward character portrait without any real analysis or message , this biopic succeeds because of the translucent performance by Meryl Streep .
Thatcher contains multitudes ; she is rife with contradictions you can barely glimpse in this modestly affecting movie .
Streep brings out Thatcher 's dignity , but the screenplay is more compelling when it emphasizes her drama .
An Academy-award caliber performance by Meryl Streep as Margaret Thatcher the Prime Minister revealing how her refusal to compromise trashed a nation and increased the gap between the rich and the poor .
Margaret Thatcher as you 've never seen her ... This imaginative , entertaining biopic is as unconventional as its subject , and as clever as the actress who plays her .
The Iron Lady is a conventional biopic with one great performance and a few memorable scenes .
Despite the story 's conceit of placing the viewer inside Thatcher 's head , she never feels like a real person -- but this is more the fault of Morgan 's script than Streep 's typically studied performance ...
It 's a serious role with a dash of cheek , given the grand treatment by Streep , an actress who is incapable of giving anything but a compellingly thoughtful performance .
An oddly unsettling compound of glorification and malice that whirls around and winds up nowhere .
Less a window into the soul than a 60-foot wide postage stamp .
For as much of a mess as this movie is , there are moments in which Streep and Broadbent draw it into a sharp humanist focus . But they do n't occur often enough .
Even the greatest actress of our time can only do so much when the figure she 's playing just is n't on the page .
Hardcore Streep fans and bored history buffs will turn out , but the film is not likely to gain much traction from them .
A biopic of the highest order featuring a performance of equal measure . A thoughtful , complex portrait of Britain 's divisive PM .
The Iron Lady as a whole does less to impress than its stars , although it 's not for lack of trying .
As one would expect , Meryl Streep delivers a brilliant technically perfect performance as Lady Margaret Thatcher .
Like most of Meryl Streep 's films , The Iron Lady is mainly just a vehicle for her performance , a pretext for role-playing , another acting master class .
A terrible movie that is saved by an absurdly fascinating performance .
Streep is her own irresistible show as she assumes , with the precision that is her trademark , the character of the U.K. 's staunchly conservative prime minister in the 1980s .
There 's nothing even Ms. Streep 's craft and resourcefulness can do to make this cold , humorless woman of iron likeable , and the whole thing is too dry to sustain so much screen time .
There 's barely an incident from the right honourable PM 's regime that Lloyd does n't gild with distracting Dutch angles or chintzy archival-footage montages .
Meryl Streep delivers an insightful , intimate , incredibly accomplished cinematic portraiture of Margaret Thatcher .
Meryl Streep once again proves to be working on another plane than the actors around her .
The film ends on a melancholy note , emphasising the film 's focus on an old Thatcher absent from the fray , a woman we do n't know nor relate to
All eyes are on Meryl Streep in what must be the most extraordinary performance of the year - her eerily authentic portrayal of Maggie Thatcher
Streep gives yet another amazing , award-worthy performance ... If only the movie that surrounds her was as good . Erratically written and chaotically directed .
Streep 's Thatcher is both regal and crazy as a loon
This strangely surreal , tediously conceited travelogue of Margaret Thatcher 's personal and professional highs and lows is notable only for Meryl Streep 's chameleonic performance .
Lloyd does nothing to convince us her film is after anything less than all-out Oscars glory .
In the same way an entirely-critical film would provide an unfair depiction , Lloyd 's rose-tinted , tone-deaf , hamfisted , gauche , funhouse-mirror version is similarly misguided .
Surely no one expected this movie to be masterful , as Streep has made it rather clear that she 's not much interested in working with filmmakers whose talents might outshine her own .
A refreshingly disrespectful look at the scabrous creature who paved the way , along with fellow scoundrel Ronald Reagan , for the financial collapse we are now living under . Streep is magnificent .
My only significant gripe against the movie is that it 's not a sequel to Iron Giant .
Not even Meryl Streep is capable of making Margaret Thatcher a likeable human being .
It 's a fascinating film . I just really wanted more than the stuff I already knew .
Meryl Streep gives a quite astonishing impersonation of Margaret Thatcher in this even-handed biopic about Britain 's longest-serving Prime Minister of the 20th Century .
You do n't go to this movie for the story but rather for Streep 's searing performance .
Meryl Streep delivers a remarkable performance in a greatest hits package on the life and times of the notorious Margret Thatcher , aka The Iron Lady .
Mark your ballots : Dominating the entire film , Meryl Streep 's towering , Oscar-caliber performance as Margaret Thatcher rises way above the limitations of the strangely nonjudgmental writing and pedestrian direction .
Glosses over the former British prime minister 's politics in favor of a glib , breakneck whirl around her career and marriage .
Meryl Streep delivers a nomination-friendly -- and physically pretty much spot-on -- performance as former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the oddly superficial The Iron Lady .
Playing both the staunch human battleship and the diminished old woman sifting through her past , Meryl Streep is riveting in The Iron Lady .
A breezy , whistle-stop tour through the unstable nitroglycerin of Thatcher 's life and times .
One can think of a few talented British actresses who might have acquitted themselves well in the role , but it 's hard to imagine them doing it better than Streep .








@highlight

Meryl Streep 's performance as The Iron Lady is reliably perfect , but it 's mired in bland , self-important storytelling .