It 's scary stuff , and though director Richard Rowley sometimes milks the thriller overtones too forcefully , Scahill explores the subject with admirable clarity .
You become uncomfortably aware of scene-staging . How much re-enacting have we got going on here ? ... Once you become aware of it , this creeping subversion tends to gnaw away at the rest of the film .
Dirty Wars is frightening and it 's not over .
Dirty Wars is challenging in a way few films are .
This documentary is at least in theory non-political and not intended as overview of the past thirteen years . Instead , the filmmakers insist , it captures a moment in time on a downward spiral .
An infuriating and depressing look at how American foreign policy and warfare have been transformed in highly undemocratic ways , and a reminder of what real journalism looks like .
`` Dirty Wars '' may lack the nuance and design of an Errol Morris documentary , but it is nonetheless the most important and searing documentary of 2013 . See it . Talk about it .
This is a very disturbing film . From a journalistic point of view , it would be better to have more documentation for the claims made in this film , but enough evidence is presented to raise concerns about these secret wars .
Not quite as tight as it needs to be , especially when it comes to building links between its various strands , this is nevertheless an intriguing documentary which contains some powerful interview material .
A tense , shocking US documentary that plays out like an episode of The Wire , though in this case it 's not a war on drugs that 's being fought -LRB- and lost -RRB- , but the war on terror .
Government sanctioned atrocities and journalist Jeremy Scahill fight for top billing in this investigative doc .
We should be shocked . But the camera is too busy making a hero of reporter-presenter Jeremy Scahill .
The movie has rather silly , Bourne-style thriller graphics , which are unnecessary : it has an important story to tell .
A fearless and passionately directed documentary , Dirty Wars is a gripping and thought-provoking film fuelling the heated debate about the ethics of the US government and military .
offers geopolitical exposition & humanist perspective on a nation 's hidden & entirely unregulated foreign policy , seemingly designed to create ever more enemies for the US in an expanding global war that is kept out of view , with no end in sight .
-LSB- A -RSB- gripping investigative doc , which plays out like a classic conspiracy thriller as it follows a trail of clues to the heart of darkness .
Hard-hitting stuff and tough medicine for American foreign policy loyalists .
Though awkwardly assembled , with an overemphatic voiceover , it 's chilling stuff .
Relentlessly questions the military aims of American foreign policy .
... though I have certain qualms about the way Scahill is presented in the film ... I can not imagine that a more compelling film could have been made without his character carrying this dramatic payload .
`` Dirty Wars '' becomes more than the sum of its facts , illuminating not just the secret wars but the emotional toll that trying to uncover them takes on Scahill .
-LSB- C -RSB- onnects how the celebrated successes and piecemeal scandals about the global war on terror fit into an alarming U.S. military policy . . -LSB- but -RSB- gets confusingly repetitive .
This is a film you skip seeing at your own risk .
My biggest problem with this movie is the choice to make Scahill the star of the show instead of the basic , disturbing facts .
It makes you wonder - what do n't we know ?
By emphasizing the human cost of the operation , Scahill and Rowling turn `` blowback '' into much more than an abstract military-political term .
Richard Rowley and Jeremy Scahill shine a light on the fallout from America 's covert anti-terrorist attacks .
Filmmaker Richard Rowley 's documentary Dirty Wars sounds the alarms , throws the lights on in the room and confronts audiences with the brutality of the conflicts in Afghanistan and elsewhere .
These wars being fought in our name may be dirty , but this courageous film reminds us that as long as we have a free press , they do n't have to be secret .
Dirty Wars is essential viewing for all Americans , conservatives and liberals alike . It 's intense and depressing . It 'll make you angry .
Scahill is a brave , dogged reporter , and he deserves to flaunt his angst .
Like a lot of modern political documentaries , we 've yet to see the final chapter , which is yet to be written . But it 's instructive to have a little more light shed on such history in the making .
It 'll open your eyes .
The first-person style is a creative choice that may put some people off . But who better to lead a tour of the denied areas than someone who has walked its dangerous streets before ?
Awkward title aside , the movie meticulously and powerfully lays bare the unexpectedly wide scope of activities that many in the current administration would surely prefer kept under wraps .
With Dirty Wars , director Rick Rowley does n't so much sugar the pill as caffeinate it .
Ultimately , Dirty Wars does n't feel like authentic reporting , it 's more of an audition reel .
Scahill 's voiceover has a grim relentlessness that ties everything together , while maintaining the pretense that the viewer is at his side as he makes his discoveries .
Something we rarely see reported in major news media .
His -LSB- Scahill -RSB- betrayal at the overall ambivalence of an entire population is what gives this movie teeth .
Scahill is as much a liability onscreen as he is a fascinating source .
A remarkable documentary as important as it is compelling ...
There 's plenty here about which to be outraged , but that 's too simple for director Richard Rowley .
`` Dirty Wars '' becomes hard to swat away , no matter how much its style conveys a sense of unconscious insecurity about its assertions .
Scahill 's so busy Being A Reporter - capital letters are definitely called for - it gets in the way of what he 's reporting on .
It 's a courageous and insightful glimpse into the changing strategies of contemporary warfare that 's unsettling and not especially hopeful .
The flood of theatrical documentaries about the War on Terror ... has slowed to a trickle since President Obama took office , which makes this uncompromising exposé from reporter Jeremy Scahill even more important .
There are so many stagey shots of Scahill poring over clues in front of his MacBook , you ca n't help but assume he fancies himself a real-life Lisbeth Salander .
Its voice remains hushed ; it seems to be grieving for America .
CIA on steroids . With Scahill 's revelations trapped in this doc noir , exposing US secret death squads and their kill lists and outsourced warlord assassins all around the world . Dragging US covert war out of the shadows and into the public conversation .
Just imagine if All the Presidents ' Men had tried to make Woodward and Bernstein the focus instead of Watergate .
For every shot of an Afghani citizen talking tearfully about the death of a loved one , there 's almost always an equally long shot of Jeremy Scahill listening , Jeremy Scahill taking notes , Jeremy Scahill furrowing his brow .
An exposé of practices that need -- demand -- exposing .
The film will undoubtedly play well with those who already despise the covert killings , but it does a disservice to the wavering .
It 's shocking stuff , even if much of it has already been in the news . That 's mostly because of the way that Scahill strings it together into a coherent , convincing argument .
Pessimistic , grimly outraged and utterly riveting ...
Dirty Wars is the kind of documentary that demands serious attention , with an even more serious response from Americans .
Scahill is right to focus on the price American security efforts have cost in human rights - and human life . Yet there are difficult questions hovering just outside the frame of Dirty Wars .
A shocking documentary about secret US counter-terrorist operations around the world that have made us masters of war in the eyes of African warlords and others .
As a connect-the-dots narrative , `` Dirty Wars '' is eye-opening , a fierce argument that there are chilling ramifications to endless , vague aggression .
As a polemic , Dirty Wars is provocative and productively depressing ...
Persuasive and deeply troubling , Dirty Wars shows how the Joint Special Operations Command -LRB- JSOC -RRB- has been fighting a secret war against terrorists in Iraq and Afghanistan
Dirty Wars is essential viewing for anyone who wants to know how we wage war right now ; it 's also a chilling prologue for what 's likely a global future of endless war and blowback .
Dirty Wars leaves some deeper questions unexplored , mainly the philosophical struggle between security and secrecy , but makes up grandly with raw data and one correspondent 's passion .
Gritty and gripping , playing out like a paranoid geopolitical thriller ...
The sobering `` Dirty Wars '' speaks directly to Americans who believe that their country 's behavior overseas has improved appreciably since the election of President Obama .
Ably leads us through its extensive investigation , faltering only when the camera lingers on Jeremy Scahill for a touch too long at the expense of his interview subjects .
A film that comes across more like a narrative thriller than a documentary . Effective criticism of America 's current global military adventures .
-LSB- The -RSB- astonishingly hard-hitting `` Dirty Wars '' renders the investigative work of journalist Jeremy Scahill in the form of a '70s - style conspiracy thriller .

@highlight

Some viewers may find fault with director Rick Rowley 's filmmaking methods , but they are n't distracting enough to keep Dirty Wars from serving as a terribly compelling argument against elements of American foreign policy .