As straight-ahead , propulsive , reptilian-brain action , it `` works '' as often as not . But it 's unworthy to stand with its predecessors .
Even with its flaws The Invasion is still eerie , provocative and a solid showcase for Kidman .
The Invasion is too solidly crafted to be genuinely bad film , but it completely fails to grip as a thriller .
There are some nice shocks to be had , but not enough to stop viewers from falling asleep , which is ironic considering that staying awake is an essential plot point for Kidman 's character .
As ridiculous as The Invasion gets , its competent acting , fast pace , and campy B-movie vibe keep you weirdly transfixed against your better judgment .
Shoddy and soulless
The aliens make it so plainly obvious to their intentions that it 'd be ridiculous not to notice what was happening with their landing on Earth ...
Taken as a more popcorn-y sci-fi flick with a cool look , a tense , creepy feel , and uncommonly handsome leads giving above-average-for-the-genre performances , however , The Invasion is perfectly entertaining .
There are worse ways to spend an hour and a half than staring mindlessly at a movie 's impossibly beautiful cast , but there are plenty of better ones as well .
The Invasion is the fourth and most recent big screen adaptation of Jack Finney 's 1955 science fiction novel The Body Snatchers , and hopefully it will be the last .
Fails to live up to its own aspirations , undermined by misguided attempts to enliven the action with car wrecks and explosions .
This has to be the lamest alien invasion movie since the killer tomatoes attacked .
The incredibly erratic structure - undoubtedly a result of the notorious reshoots - ultimately dulls the impact of the movie 's overtly effective attributes ...
Treat yourself to the Donald Sutherland version , plus , his perm is more frightening than anything that happens in Invasion .
Somewhere in The Invasion is a good movie scratching to get out .
The Invasion saps all the spirit out of what once was a classic alien saga .
The Invasion moves in too many conventional directions , its unwillingness to take chances proving its ultimate downfall .
Reflete a impassividade de seus vilões , já que desenvolve sua narrativa potencialmente tensa de maneira insossa e pouco envolvente .
The film as a whole is a failure , but additionally , it 's also a mess of unedited or badly edited scenes .
Depressing proof of how Hollywood movies have just grown worse since the 1970 's ...
The Invasion is filled with lapses in logic . Most sense probably was cut during the many re-edits , but there is evidence Dave Kajganich 's script had little sense to begin with .
This current update is a competent , sufficiently creepy version with an A-list cast that dwarfs its B-movie predecessors by comparison .
Un film de acción y suspenso moderadamente entretenido , en el que el terror va invadiendo lo cotidiano . Hay algunas connotaciones políticas algo cuestionables , pero no da para tomárselas demasiado en serio .
Watchable but unnecessary .
Having established an effectively creepy mood in the first half , the film eventually degenerates into a muddled mess , with Nicole and Daniel Craig dodging zombies while popping amphetamines in a desperate effort to stay awake . We know how they feel .
i diahroniki aksia toy eksogiini eisboli synepagetai pagkosmia eirini , ependyetai me epideiksimania sti fotografia kai to montaz , stin prospatheia na kalyfthei ena senario poy otan ftanei sto zoymi , mporei na leitoyrgisei mono an sta symptomata toy ioy ei
Hirschbiegel 's troubled remake has several good scenes and is by no means a disaster but it 's ultimately disappointing thanks to poor editing and clumsy writing .
Novelist Jack Finney 's body snatchers have appeared in some fine movies , but the only disturbing-looking thing here is what they 've done to Nicole Kidman 's lips .
Like the three movies before it , the only way our heroes can survive is by staying awake . Odds on you wo n't .
Kidman gives her most personality-free performance as a psychiatrist whose estranged husband -LRB- Jeremy Northam -RRB- starts behaving suspiciously by becoming a better father to his son -LRB- Jackson Bond -RRB- . How spooky is that ? The answer is : not even slightly .
A strong , proven premise , drained of almost all feeling and personality . Hirschbiegel 's Hollywood debut sporadically grips - but like Kidman and Craig 's characters , you 'll most likely end up battling to stay awake .
If not a train-wreck , this is certainly more than a fender-bender . In a world overflowing with targets for a satirical pasting , we needed something a lot sharper than this .
The Invasion , although it does some things awfully well , assumes that you are an idiot .
Yawn .
This body-snatching premise is ... not its usual self .
I suppose every generation deserves its own sociopolitical take on Jack Finney 's novel The Body Snatchers , though The Invasion does neither the audience nor the source material any favors .
The Invasion is Nicole Kidman 's latest unsuccessful summer attempt to prove she 's a versatile actress .
Unfortunately , the movie is as bland and emotionless as the humans whose DNA has been transformed .
When it is n't being clumsily placed in the foreground , much of this philosophical questioning is shoved out of the way in favor of more conventional action setpieces and suspense .
A huge mess of celluloid that , frankly , never should have made it past the `` Hey let 's do BODY SNATCHERS again ! '' stage .
It falls far short as an effective sci-fi thriller , not to mention the brainy political allegory it 's determined to be .
This is a by the numbers production , made with about as much emotion and passion as one of the alien made clones .
With her line-free mask of a face and unflappable demeanor , Nicole Kidman is an odd standard-bearer for the messy imperfection of the human race ; even so , this fourth movie incarnation of Jack Finney 's novel is hardly a disaster ...
a disjointed mess , part art-house melodrama , part Hollywood action flick .
This is a film that is pretty good until it turns bad . In the last twenty minutes the film goes terribly sour as it metamorphoses into another mindless action film .
There are no pods to be found here , other than the one off-screen into which the better judgments of most involved here must have been stuffed . If Nicole Kidman does n't watch out , she 'll awake to find her career replaced by Meg Ryan 's .
Wall-to-wall stiffness runs rampant in this latest take on Jack Finney 's oft-filmed '' ` Body Snatchers '' yarn .
This film had a promising storyline but as the invasion takes over the community it slowly looses ground .
The Invasion is almost too muddled to be truly bad , as if everyone involved hoped that a bunch of half-assed potential ideas could add up to an even passable real one .
What once seemed a foolproof concept -- people suddenly changing into soulless pods -- has now been reduced to yet another exercise in political finger-pointing .
The alien-engineered change that threatens humans is no longer a matter of pods that enclose victims while they sleep , but a virus-like `` highly resilient organism , '' transmitted through body fluids % u2014most grotesquely , glutinous , sticky phlegm .
A sometimes cerebral , serious movie with some pretty preposterous action grafted onto it . It 's at best an uneven mix .
There are a lot of challenging elements in The Invasion , but ultimately , the movie is a bit too easy on them , itself , and the audience .
I realize horror remakes are with us for good , but maybe four and out is a good philosophy for anyone considering yet another Body Snatcher film .
If Kidman keeps making films that pull in an opening weekend equivalent to 33 % of what she gets paid to star in them , even the Church of Scientology might start to look good .
Do n't join The Hive . Do n't become part of The Universal Mind . Stay a violent human with your own selfish agenda .
There 's much to recommend here . But there are too many inconsistencies .
The 1978 version was funny -LRB- Donald Sutherland 's jokes , Jeff Goldblum 's Jeff Goldblum-ness -RRB- , spooky and unpredictable , with likable characters . This one is just as clinical as a pod person .
Nicole plays with her kid like someone who wonders where the nanny went with the housekeeper and how soon the b ** ches will be back .
A tightly paced , involving movie that underscores the timeless appeal of Finney 's tale .
This hodgepodge of thoughtful and action-filled filmmaking qualifies as a minor success . Whether this is due to or in spite of studio meddling , we may never know .
Oddly detouring into Oedipal territory , Kidman 's meds dispensing DC doubting shrink instructs her son how to kill dad , and also shoot mommy up with speed to keep her focused .
Can someone explain to me exactly how a horror flick about a scourge that 's making humanity more civilized is supposed to be scary ? Not exactly edge of your seat excitement .
In trying to graft on the traditional popcorn thrills in something apparently conceived as a more cerebral look at the concept 's societal ramifications , the film winds up not doing either concern much justice .
Labeling it a mess would be to understate the case ; a more apt description would be that it 's chaotic to the point of being anarchic .
Speaking of Carol and Ben -- absolutely no chemistry ! Call me silly -- but for the life of me , I ca n't see what all the fuss is about concerning Daniel Craig .
This movie borrows liberally from so many different films , it 's almost laughable .
The Invasion 's conceit is so laidback that it actually takes a while to realize the world is going to Hell .
The bigger problem with this film is that it simply is n't very scary .
To its credit , The Invasion surprisingly feels cohesive , despite all the different influences .
While it does n't completely succeed at anything it tries to do , it succeeds sufficiently at most of them to be enjoyable .
Its grim overtones eventually give way to pandering bits of crowd pleasing that clash badly with the overall mood .
Opting for car chases instead of the thought-provoking ideas of its predecessors , the film looks like the work of , if not pod people , folks who gave up any kind of passion for the material long before the cameras started to roll .
The Invasion is a wretched mess from start to finish , and it taints the reputations of every single person who not only appears in it , but also goes to see it .
The latest and lamest version of Invasion of the Body Snatchers might have been an accidental camp classic if its politics were n't so abhorrent and the movie did n't try to hide its ineptitude behind a veil of pomposity .
Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig save themselves -- but the movie 's another matter .
Nicole Kidman 's character struggles to stay awake -- as will the audience .
Next time the aliens come invading , they may want to pass the brains , hold the lecture .
A frantic mess that opens with a scene plucked from the film 's third act that smacks of having been moved up to pacify audiences too restless for a slow build .
We 'll have to wait until the inevitable director 's cut DVD to find out what Hirschbiegel really wanted to say . It would have to be a whole lot more interesting than this accidental agit-prop , which equates pacifism with mindlessness .
The Invasion connects on a gut level in two ways , political and existential .
Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig are adequate leads , but no great actor will be more squandered this year than Jeffrey Wright , who does nothing but speak in vast paragraph blocks of exposition while looking haggard and bored .
The Invasion has a few things to offer both summer-movie audiences and more thoughtful film buffs .
There is nothing here to be taken seriously , let alone fear .
The elegant presence of Kidman and Craig helps ease the inanities of the script .
made with too much optimism
This film has no teeth , and philosophy does n't help you chew .
Resistance is futile -- unless your screenplay can offer pat , absurd plot turns .
It might have been nice to see Hirschbiegel 's original concept play out . As it is , the film 's essential eeriness gets mashed into Hollywood hogwash .
There have been two official remakes of Invasion , and both tapped into the original 's fear and dread of a society subverted by the others . This one taps only into that part of the brain that shuts down when confronted with witless tedium .
If you 're familiar with the earlier films , The Invasion is even less satisfying .
The movie offers plenty of smarts and imaginative distractions to counter the stacking of improbabilities .
-LSB- It -RSB- may not be a patch on the original , but it does have a few things the other versions lack : a nonstop lurching pace propelled by jump cuts and flash-forwards , Nicole Kidman as the hero ... and a bitter kind of satiric irony leaking around the edges .
This take on The Body Snatchers is surprisingly stylish .
In the way that certain baseball games become pitchers ' duels , some movies are cutting-room battles .
This movie is too impatient and out of it to express either what makes humans individual or what makes them part of a community in the new millennium .
The ads for this third , count 'em , THIRD remake of the campy 1956 classic sci-fi film ` Invasion Of The Body Snatchers ' warn ` Do Not Trust Anyone ' -LRB- yeah , who tells you to see this movie ! -RRB-
The latest cinematic space invaders tale is more of a commentary on modern America than a sci-fi screamer .
After three successful cinematic renditions of Jack Finney 's 1955 sci-fi novel `` The Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' -LRB- the 1978 version with Donald Sutherland being my favourite -RRB- , they 've finally managed to mangle it up .
Do not trust anyone . Do not show emotion . Do not fall asleep . Do not see this movie .
It 's like there were two different films fighting for supremacy , the louder and more obnoxious of the pair finally winning out in a mighty Neanderthal yell of supremacy .
Lots of text messaging under pressure and swapping slimy , alien-infected spittle . I 'm thinking all the scientists really need to control the latest wave of mind-bogglers from outer space are some strategically placed spittoons .
It 's short on both coherence and shocks , and features a quick , deus ex machina ending which will have viewers leaving the theatre feeling let down .
neither as awful as the advance buzz suggested nor as gripping as it could have been ... at least it has a few authentic shocks and some bright ideas rattling around in the chaos .
Daniel Craig and Nicole Kidman have too much talent to be pigeon-holed in such limited roles .
If the first three movies served as parables for their times , this one keeps shooting off parable rockets that fizzle out . How many references in the same movie can you have to the war in Iraq and not say anything about it ?
A movie that is ultimately a soulless clone of a vibrant original and , thus , a splendidly dull example of the very forces it warns us against -- the forces of grey and passion-sapping conformity .
Aside from a handful of scenes , the fourth version of Finney 's pulp novel may induce drowsiness , rather than goose-bumps .
For much of its running time The Invasion is a much better film than had been expected . Too bad the pod people are still running the executive suites .
Invasion soon resembles a greatest hits reel from Hirschbiegel 's original creation , leaving the narrative in a shambles , but , again , still rich with compelling body snatchery goodness .
While you 're watching it , it feels new and interesting , and as soon as it 's over , you kind of feel like you 've seen it before . It 's creepy and cool and stylish , meaningful , and forgettable .
Kidman 's psychiatrist is the biggest dolt -- err , bolt -- in a machine that turns out nothing but phoniness .
Essentially , The Invasion has already joined the pod people collective .
It 's not as uneasy a mix as it seems on paper , but you ca n't help feel like its guts are still lying in the editing room looking for someone to host a definitive cut .
Nicole Kidman stars as a very stunning , gorgeous , beautiful , angelic looking Washington , DC psychiatrist thrust into the middle of a very average horror movie
` I 'm so afraid I 'm gon na fall asleep , ' Nicole Kidman says ... as if she were reading my mind , for I was thinking at that exact moment , ` I think this movie is gon na put me to sleep . ' Weird , huh ?
Except for one terrifically adroit sequence in a subway , there is nothing understated about The Invasion .
just a TV movie with talented actors , a zombie movie without blood , a dead-eyed body with human beings trapped inside
Gratuitously violent -LSB- and -RSB- soullessly brain dead .
Will please millions of moviegoers who care about movies the way johns care about hookers .
The Invasion is mostly about delivering thrills , and chills , and this it does with moderate success and a bunch of fast , no-nonsense edits .
The script does n't find ways to comment on our fearful times .
Ironic , then , that The Invasion , the fourth film to be made from the material , keels over dead , killed by Hollywood conventionality and bland uniformity .
Still effectively creepy and surprisingly unnerving despite the occasional misstep and rumors of a troubled production , the new film illustrates why and how the power of the original story remains undiminished more than half a century after its creation .
This is the first alien invasion I can remember in which I actually found myself rooting for the aliens .
Whether viewing it as a thriller , a horror picture , a sci-fi film or any other possible genre , the conclusion has to be that it is terminally lame .
It 's such a laughable , scareless train wreck that you do n't need to know the disastrous insider-baseball behind its production to hate it .
How bad is it ? Bad enough -- and yet this source material has such a high creep quotient that , on some level , it still scares .
If you 're going to remake a movie a third time , you 'd better have a compelling reason .
The Invasion 's lack of thematic coherence points not only to a simplistic view of the world but to the fragmentation one risks when undergoing artistic collaboration within the film industry .
The creepy premise is rendered almost ineffective through weak , factory-issued dialogue and a disappointing finale .
The Invasion is a science fiction nightmare , the spectacle of actors who can do first-rate work trapped in a soul-destroying mechanism created by madmen .
Someone should check the basement of the studio for pods .
The fourth film based on Jack Finney 's novel The Body Snatchers and the worst of them all .
File this one under been there/done that and forget it .
Cooks up a preposterously tacked-on and ill-advised ending that ruins the integrity of what has come before .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- far from the worst thriller of the year , but it 's wholly lacking in reasons for being .
Has several first-rate , terrifying action sequences and grips totally from start to finish .
A mildly juicy sci-fi flick without any pulp .
Someone not so overexposed may find this a satisfyingly provocative creepfest .
Given its shiny surfaces , nouveau-chic grittiness and button-pushing sentimentality , this version feels as if it were made by the kind of beings the first three Body Snatchers movies warned us against .
When I heard the movie involved frozen facial expressions , Nicole Kidman and barfing , I assumed it was a documentary about Kidman 's Oscar week routine .
Is there a Razzie Award for worst casting ? If so , it 's one of several that can be reserved early for this fourth .
The movie 's mishaps - the jarring transitions , the awkward edits , the fact that we never know who Daniel Craig is supposed to be - only heighten the sense of dislocation .
The mismatched blending of Hirschbiegel 's low-key horror and the Wachowski Brothers ' anything-but-low-key action sequences results in a cinematic dud .
Heartless , predictable and well worth avoiding .
Vanishing subplots and all-around poor storytelling plague this weary update of the horror classic `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers . ''
A misbegotten clone whose awfulness only accentuates the varied virtues of earlier versions of this pod-people tale .
An effective action thriller that only hints at the psychological complexity the director might have wanted .
A slick but forgettable , characterless thriller .
A film that feels truncated , rushed , unfocused and -- worst of all -- not the slightest bit scary or suspenseful .
The Invasion gets you rooting for the aliens to be defeated , but the film 's soul feels as if it had already been snatched .
any sense of pervasive unease that made the first film so great is lost to flaming car chases , computer simulations of exploding cells , and shots of Ms Kidman 's underwear that do n't serve the story so much as show that Ms Kidman is still in great shape
Actors of this caliber deserve more than a conventional actioner with banal dialogue , virtually no humor , and a rushed , highly improbable conclusion .
The fourth version of the classic sci-fi novel , previously filmed by Siegel in 1956 , Kaufman in 1978 , and Ferrara in 1994 , is the weakest and least poignant , both thematically and technically flawed .









@highlight

The Invasion is slickly made , but it lacks psychological insight and thrills .