You can guess where the movie goes .
If you do n't see what 's coming next , and what comes after that and after that , then you have either not seen a movie , a TV show , or read a book in your lifetime .
... what I find troubling is something that looks like what it is n't . Remove the human body from boxing films , and what do you have ? A board game , essentially , rock 'em , sock 'em robots .
Even when you think you know the outcome , this film still has you on the edge of your seat . It 's another underdog story , only this underdog is a has-been robot piloted by a has-been fighter and his cast-off son .
All this swiping from Stallone , and they could n't find room for a cameo by Paulie 's birthday robot ?
This movie about robot boxing needs more robot boxing .
Real Steel envisions a future where boxing has evolved into giant fighting robots . Great special effects and cool fight choreography makes this a must-see .
Good thing we all love Hugh Jackman so much
Real Steel offers plenty of fun and engaging moments -- of both the human character drama and giant CGI robot battle variety .
`` Real Steel '' just never gives us a reason to care , and for two hours that can be quite detrimental .
... the film benefits substantially from the inclusion of several unexpectedly engrossing robot-on-robot fight sequences ...
Wow , they actually made Rock Em Sock Em Robots - The Movie ! Even more surprising is how amazing this movie is . Filled to the brim with heart , soul , grit , and fun . One of the best movies of 2011 .
Real Steel plays like a glossy commercial lasting over 90 minutes .
The visual effects are a slick combination of real robots and CGI , and -- especially on the new Blu-Ray release -- the result is gloriously seamless .
By no means is Real Steel an original film , at least in terms of its base story , but that does n't mean it 's not an effective , tear-jerking kids movie .
The whole thing is both entirely too routine as well as instantly forgettable , a tandem not exactly high on my list of cinematic virtues to extol .
Clash time between the machines is nigh overwhelming in this never-before-seen context , and that 's the payoff here .
Never in a million years did I think that I would enjoy a boxing robot movie from the director of Night at the Museum .
apolyta tairiasth retrofoytoyristikh proseggish , poy pantreyei thn fantasiwsh twn binteogkeimadwn me tis klasikoteres twn istoriwn patrikhs eksilewshs kai anatrophs twn pithanothtwn
` Real Steel ' about an estranged son and his father , a man who 's been beaten down by repeated failures , a needy boy who finds something he can believe in , and , of course , it 's a sports movie , too , because it 's sort of a metallic ` Rocky . '
This much is clear as soon as they meet : father and son have matching attitudes , both resentful of their sudden connection and very tough on the outside even as they 're really vulnerable .
A film that feels as if it 's been written by a five-year-old who 's been allowed to create it as some sort of bizarre birthday present this is undemanding all the way
The robots are fun , but the script never gets beyond cliches
Characters ' smug , this-is-so-cool ! ness and jingoistic , heartland subtext tries to knock us into submission . The hero 's one of those animatronic adults in kid 's clothing .
Silly , corny and featuring nearly every boxing cliché ... But fighting robots ? Dads and their young sons will have a blast .
Even with my sense of humor firmly intact , I 'm not sure that I 've seen a more crassly manipulative movie this year . As cold and calculating as movies get -- a glossy , soulless piece of junk that wants you to cheer along , but it does n't earn one ounce .
The script does n't do enough with the father-son element to keep us involved , and the CGI robot fights are n't sufficiently exciting to make us care about the rest
Battling to be heard above the metal-on-metal clangour is a heartwarming -LRB- read : terribly soppy -RRB- story of a broken family .
Hugh Jackman refuses to let audiences leave Real Steel without being entertained , no matter how silly matters get .
Think of Real Steel as Robot Rocky with a heartfelt father/son overlay and you ca n't go wrong .
Its remote-controlled emotional responses leave little room for genuine uplift .
Better than Transformers . I fear that if I lower the bar any further , I shall pinch my toes .
Real Steel is simply made for IMAX viewing , especially with the metal-verses-metal clashes in the ring .
There 's a certain poverty of imagination at work .
This is a ridiculous movie . And yet , I enjoyed the hell out it . Not just because Hugh Jackman is in it . In IMAX . Though that does n't hurt .
From the billboards you might think this is another Transformers movie-heaven help us-when in fact , Real Steel is a cross between Rocky and The Champ .
a big , seemingly clunky contraption that works against all odds
Set in the year 2020 but scavenges its buffed and retooled spare parts not just from the Mattel aisle at Toys R Us but from a vast and ancient junkyard , overflowing with all the shameless crowd-pleasing hokum and staged public violence of eras past .
This is n't just a great boxing movie , it 's a great movie .
This year 's biggest , dumbest blockbuster . Like a hamburger dripping in grease , there 's no nutritional value , but it goes down easily .
This is 50 per cent violence and 50 per cent gross sentimentality - and in each half the clichés mount like a soufflé .
A family movie like Disney used to make , with all the faults and bonuses that implies .
Richard Matheson 's classic science fiction short story ... is bastardized into a rehash of the old Wallace Beery weeper The Champ ...
Surprisingly Entertaining
Steel suffers from rusty script .
It is safe to say there will not be a dry eye in the house . The technology may change but the emotional tug of an all-American tearjerker is eternal .
There are no big surprises in this movie , other than the fact that it 's done with conviction , skill and special effects that are all the more spectacular for being presented in a matter-of-fact way .
Featuring sharp performances from its cast -LRB- both human and metal -RRB- and some outstanding special effects , `` Real Steel '' is best described as `` Rocky '' meets `` The Iron Giant . ''
The action is so immersing that I dare you not to cheer for the mighty Atom in the ring as he takes a lickin ' and keeps on tickin ' .
Flashy and smashy , with some great paternal chemistry Real Steel is hugely derivative yet pretty enjoyable .
Relies heavily on time-tested , heart-tugging Disney signature themes juiced with a familiar twist of kid-spunkiness that might reflect Steven Spielberg 's participation as one of the project 's 12 producers .
It 's an incredibly cynical movie , written and acted by robots , and boasting the most flagrant piece of product-placement for a certain soft drink .
The fight scenes themselves are dead dull . Two motorised robots slugging it out ? Big deal !
Giant Robots Punching Each Other : The Movie , starring Hugh Jackman .
Real Steel has the underdog boxing feel of a robot Rocky paired with the story of a lovable lug who learns that being a dad is even better than winning a big fight .
Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo manage to pull off the father-son redemption story amid all the visual effects . And , oh yeah , the robots look awesome .
Big , dumb , but certainly fun .
I do n't like fighting robot movies .
` I was the only boxer who knew every song to Rodgers & Hammerstein 's Carousel and had my own Tommy Tune tribute band , ' said Hugh Jackman , whose career has taken him from Wolverine to glucosamine .
The explosive punches of the metallic Trojans would count for nothing were it not for the performance of one little boy .
Real Steel has the kind of joyful silliness of a film like Face/Off or Mission Impossible , coupled with a good dose of genuine heart .
A heavily clichéd but nonetheless enjoyably feel-good drama that pushes all the right buttons , thanks to a decent script , some impressive special effects and winning performances from Hugh Jackman and newcomer Dakota Goyo .
Taking the best from `` Transformers/Rocky/The Champ '' makes `` Real Steel '' the real deal .
Watching this movie feels like sitting next to a kid , and watching him play a video game , knowing it will never be your turn to have fun .
Satisfyingly sturdy and no-nonsense , a multiplex monster smartly constructed from tried-and-trusted parts .
Cliched underdog sports movie , that 's predictable , contrived and its familiar derivative plot line is put to poor use .
Real heart trumps real steel !
And I expected so much more from the director of the Cheaper by the Dozen and Pink Panther remakes .
The Woman is a slow-burning incendiary device , a brutal satire on the sanctity of the nuclear family and its conservative `` values . ''
At the time of writing , this is definitely a real film and not a satirical story on the Onion News Network .
It would appear that there was more consideration given to keeping the Dr. Pepper cans in frame than was given to plot , character or meaning .
action-packed and genuinely moving as it aspires to be , and is , more than a live-action version of a popular 60s robot boxing game
While most of the characters are not very appealing , young Dakota Goyo really carries the day . He keeps this film afloat when none of the other characters seem to be worth watching .
It 's not quite in Balboa 's weight class , but Real Steel at least has some heft .
Sincere but silly - I could have done without the cringe-worthy dance routines between boy and robot - Real Steel is a rocky version of the Rocky template .
Those robot boxing bouts are exciting to watch , but it 's the impressive performances by Hugh Jackman and Dakota Goyo that make ` Real Steel '' something special .
Sure it runs too long and is completely predictable , but despite its flaws it still manages to pack an entertaining punch .
Big Hollywood names aside -LRB- Jackman , Spielberg and Zemeckis -RRB- , this family film overcomes an initially harebrained-sounding plot with just enough thrill , modern-day ocular wizardry and heart-warming emotion to convert most initial skeptics into believers .
Family-friendly , inspirational action drama with a recycled Wii-redemption .
More successful as a rock 'em , sock 'em ` Rocky with Robots ' vehicle than as a potent family drama , Real Steel is a scrappy but warm-hearted film which should nevertheless appeal to just about every boy under the age of 12 .
After all the ` Transformers ' exposure over the last few years , who would have guessed more battling bots would hook our interest ? Maybe it is because ` Real Steel 's ' bots need humans to think for them .
In spite of its by-the-books plotting , Real Steel solidly and confidently delivers the crowd-pleasing goods .
With the heart and soul of Rocky , Real Steel really packs a wallop .
For a big , brawling , robot-boxing action movie , it spends a crazy amount of time trying to make you care about whether or not obnoxious Hugh Jackman and his equally irritating , estranged son -LRB- Dakota Goyo -RRB- , will bond as a family once again .
Robot boxing sounds like the kind of premise that ca n't fail . There are robots ; they fight each other ; what more do you need ? Examine it closely , though , and you see the problem .
If there had to be a Rock Em Sock Em Robots movie , I 'm actually kinda pleased it was this one .
Thanks to an admittedly corny script , some amazing fight scenes , and a terrific cast , `` Real Steel 's '' actually a winner by split decision .
The film serves a broad audience without exploiting the classic boxing tradition . `` Mind over matter '' may be age-old , but this one delivers it in a fun package .
a pretty solid mix of an underdog fighting movie and a movie about a father and son . And all of it is set against the backdrop of some wicked-cool robots fighting .
Just plain unpleasant to sit through . So much of the movie is spent amid screaming crowds and abrasive music , often in dark , trashy dives .
Surely a story as elementary and essentially derivative as this one could be told in less than 127 minutes .
Some audiences will enjoy the film for what it is ; they will bob and weave with fun robot fight scenes . But I found little here that is truly inspiring .
Channeling Spielberg ... as well as dozens of Popcorn King imitators , -LRB- the director -RRB- winds up delivering a braindead blockbuster that is guaranteed to generate income , if not entertainment .
They should call this overloud , underwhelming movie Real Steal .
The movie is n't very different from that Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots game : easy to sell in TV ads and soon stash away in the closet .
Real Steel , a heartwarming sci-fi sports movie about a father and son who reunite through robot boxing , testifies to the formidable power of ridiculousness .
Aas the plot proceeds from boy-meets-dad verbal sparring to an uneasy peace to the underdog-vs . - champion title bout , it becomes increasingly easy to forgive its many nicks .
Quite cheesy , yet exhilarating and mindlessly entertaining . It 's a fun , crowd-pleasing popcorn movie that will leave you hungry for a sequel . Child star Dakota Goyo has a very bright future ahead of him .
Is Real Steel original , amazingly directed , acted wonderfully or something you 've never seen ? No . Is it fun ? Definitely .
Real Steel is a blast , an unabashed crowd-pleaser that mixes Rocky , Transformers , video games and father-son bonding to great , if corny , effect .
Oddly enough , I was more emotionally connected to Atom the robot than I was to any human characters . The film is a perfect example of mediocre mindless fun !
The result is predictable but enjoyable . And the robot fights are cool , and infrequent enough that we do n't get sick of them .
Predictable but fun fight movie has lots of robot action .
` Steel ' throws in towel with ` bot boxing plot
Real Steel is a very strange spectacle , but only sometimes as fun as it sounds .
Strong production values and another charismatic performance by triple-threat talent Hugh Jackman help keep this heavy-metal offspring of Rocky and Transformers out of the cinematic junk heap .
The story remains sadly mired in botdom , which leads to some boredom .
It 's 10 percent lovable underdog hokum , 23 percent sentimental family drama and 67 percent rivet-popping punch-ups .
Little more than a loud and glossy collection of faintly rusty pieces-parts salvaged from movies that came before it .
What it lacks is the human element . Charlie is more of a rat than a rascal , and instead of working hard to build and operate his robots , he 's literally going through the motions .
Real Steel is a cross between Rocky and The Champ . It 's formulaic and unashamedly manipulative , but it 's played with sincerity ... and it works ...
A slightly soggy tale of father-son bonding , crossed with an action-adventure flick about high-tech battle-bots .
It 's so virtual , so distant from the thrill , that you wonder what the point is . Do you really want to pay to watch an actor playing a kid who in turn plays what amounts to a video game ?
Feels as if it were made inside the mind of a kid obsessed with robots .
Only those with a heart of tin could resist .
Ridiculous at times , but always entertaining and fun .
While the sappy boy-and-his-robot drama pales next to the terrific `` The Iron Giant , '' the actual ` bot battles are vicarious fun .
Rocky Sock 'Em Robots anyone ?
A bit more enjoyable and entertaining than I would have ever imagined . -LRB- Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
The fighting ` bots deliver an exuberance of spirit that beats down the leaden human drama . And given all the borrowed storylines , should n't it be called Real , um , Steal ?
Handcrafted for the 8-year-old video game junkie inside us all , Real Steel is an overloaded , underthought empowerment fantasy with a bright shiny chassis and a lemon under the hood .
It was so cheesy , I was ready to call it a Feast of Fromage . Yet , amazingly , shockingly , in defiance of everything I hold dear , Real Steel did n't stink .
Given that it 's a story about a father and son who bond over outsized games of Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots and is directed by the guy who made the Night At The Museum movies , Real Steel has surprising heart and intelligence .
-LSB- Real Steel -RSB- borrows so much from other films that it might better be titled Reel Steal : not only from The Champ , but from Rocky , the Transformers movies and even some Star Wars .
There 's nothing real about Real Steel except its shameless desire to please by going where better and more successful movies have gone before .
Real Steel is not quite the real deal but it will do until that comes along .
Let me put it this way -- if you are savvy enough in regards to the genre to have recognized the title `` Robojox '' when I dropped it earlier in this review , you are definitely too advanced for this one .
You 've probably seen toy commercials that present a more thoughtful dystopian future . And yet , in the moment , this film will make you want to do nothing except stuff your face with more .
Real Steel can be filed under ` big dumb fun ' . It telegraphs its punches , but they 're still powerful when they land .
Patently ludicrous but undeniably rousing .
... probably a little too generic -LRB- and long -RRB- to win over a grown-up audience rendered blasé about movie robots by the Transformers movies , but kids should respond well to its finely calibrated wish-fulfilment story .
It 's all very heavy-handed , but maybe kids of about ten to thirteen will be more taken with it .
The robot has the heart and the human has to learn to feel again in this unabashedly cheesy but irresistible fairy tale .
Real Steel is a movie of simple ideas and even simpler pleasures .
It should be disastrous . It should suck on Wonder Bread with a side order of Craptastic to wash it down . And yet ... and yet ... my God , is there actually a good time in there ?
I did n't care which robot won the fight . And I did n't care about the people either .
Mostly it 's dopey . The movie just begs too many logical questions for its own good .
Real Steel is what happens when people who know nothing about science fiction make a science fiction movie .
Real Steel works so well and the concept is so obvious -- what kid out there has n't wanted their own robot ? that it 's surprising Hollywood has n't made Robo Rocky before .
Though the premise of fighting robots does seem a plausible and intriguing extension of the contemporary WWE world , Real Steel is hampered by leaden , clichéd moments in which a stubborn boy teaches his childish father a valuable lesson .
Real Steel is ridiculous , but it is not dispiriting . If you 're going to make this movie , it should be made just this way , with commitment , verve and a complete disregard for physics , robotics and environmentalism .
Every cliché from sports movies , underdog stories and father-son dramas is trotted out and played with a straight face .
There 's really no excuse
The reason we ARE here to see `` Real Steel '' is the rockin ' robots . The deft use of CGI , motion capture and animatronics makes the action look real and believable -LRB- in a bombastic Hollywood way -RRB- .
Real Steel should not work on any level , but it succeeds on many , thanks to its appealing , unpretentious and deceptively involving approach to its tale .
It 's probably the best cliched father-connects-with-the-son-he-never-knew with boxing robots movie you 're likely to see .
All things considered , it is a well-wrought piece of entertainment , confidently paced , although its necessary subplots are little more than dutiful filler sandwiched between fight sequences .
Even if the story in `` Real Steel '' is n't new , it is a crowd-pleaser , told with humor and pace . And those distinctive robots are the real deal .
The tear-jerking in Real Steel is as shameless as its product placement . We 're being hustled .
A science-fiction family film in which nine-foot-tall boxing robots are greased not with oil but with schmaltz .
Lovers of blood sport action ... are going to enjoy the well-staged fighting sequences ... while tender hearts seeking emotional depth will find the father-son conflict reasonably engaging .
Most viewers over the age of 12 will feel they have stepped into a confused , unambitious piece of futurama weighed down by Shawn Levy 's uninspired and limp direction .
An old-fashioned potboiler made up of cinematic spare parts -LSB- that -RSB- work -LSB- s -RSB- in a crass , manipulative way . But ... anybody without a bleeding heart will probably be giggling rather than cheering by the final fade-out .
Neither as bad as it sounds nor quite as good as it could be , although the 9-year-old bruiser next to me pummeled the armrest , spilled his soda and screamed `` awesome '' through every one of the fight scenes .
Yes , it 's unapologetically sentimental -LRB- and sometimes unapologetically cheesy -RRB- , but Shawn Levy 's film has an irresistible force .
The movie uses every trick it can to pull this off , which means using us . But to paraphrase Bill Withers , I want to spread the news that if it feels this good getting used , then keep on using me until you use me up .
`` Real Steel '' turns out to be less toxic than you 'd expect , if you take it as a family picture aimed at boys , which it is , and grant that boys have an endless appetite for robot smashing , which they do .
A Frankenstein-like compendium of fight movies haphazardly bolted together in the hope that something will spark to life .
unsteadily teeters on the brink of unmitigated disaster for over two hours of metal-clanging robo-fighting and teary-eyed human melodrama
Real Steel may have a hardened outer shell , but it 's pure marshmallow on the inside .
At least the depressingly similar Transformers franchise serves up its soullessness with a side order of crazy . Real Steel just piles on the schmaltz .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a big , expensive-looking entertainment masquerading as a modest , straightforward one , and sometimes the illusion works .
-LSB- Real Steel -RSB- is the undercard you 're forced to sit through in order to get to the real main event , which , in this case , just never materializes .
ROCKY with Robots ? You betcha , and it works !
Kudos to Shawn Levy , he 's made a movie many of us did n't expect - the personification of what a Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots movie should be .
I suspect a lot of what I found synthetic and sort of galling in `` Real Steel '' will work just fine with the target audience .
Even in its fist-pumping finale Disney 's economic parable remains pessimistic : America wins the popularity contest , but the Asians win the purse .
Real Steel falls somewhere near the intersection of elation and shame , essentially reworking the Sylvester Stallone arm-wrestling non-classic Over The Top for the equally ridiculous sport of android fisticuffs , and mostly getting away with it .
Imagine what you 'd get if you squished `` Rocky '' and `` WALL-E '' together in a giant industrial press : a gooey , drippy mess , leaking lubricant and metal shards all over the factory floor .
`` Real Steel '' is a real movie . It has characters , it matters who they are , it makes sense of its action , it has a compelling plot . This is the sort of movie , I suspect , young viewers went to the `` Transformers '' movies looking for .
Director Shawn Levy is a certified lightweight who always goes for the easiest emotional payoff . But Hugh Jackman 's lovable as a loser , Dakota Goyo has spunk and charm , and the robot battles are genuinely thrilling .
Real Steel ? As opposed to what , imitation metallic substitute ? Giant beams made of cheese ?
Pure programming from the opening frame , hitting artificial beats throughout , using the shiny robots to distract from painfully leaden filmmaking . It 's not Rocky , it 's just wrecked .
A well made but instantly forgettable robot-boxing movie that dishes out clichés blow-by-blow for its 12-year-old-boy target audience .
Every moment is prettified as if this were some sort of prestige project ; there is n't an image shot plainly if it could n't be reflected in a puddle .
This thing is tons of fun to watch and kids ages 10 to 15 are going to love it .
Adding giant robots to your typical sentimental underdog sports story does n't make the sappiness any more palatable , just way more expensive to produce .
It 's a movie about futuristic robot boxing ; as long as you do n't walk in looking for something as real and gritty as ` The Fighter ' or ` Warrior , ' it 's impossible not to enjoy .
This script must have been written by a computer or by a robot . It is really embarrassing , the number of clichés in this film .
This is real movie making that packs a solid entertainment punch , proving it does n't matter what the genre is if genuinely talented and dedicated people are pulling the strings instead of hacks .
A ` Robo-Rocky ' - like mash-up full of ` rock - 'em / sock - 'em ' action , Shawn Levy 's Real Steel reimagines the father/son boxing melodrama The Champ -LRB- 1931 , 1979 -RRB- for the gamer generation ... and it damn near pulls it off .
If there 's anything about it that earns my respect , it 's the total commitment on behalf of director Shawn Levy and producer Steven Spielberg to assembling The Best Movie Ever If You Happen To Be 12 Years Old .
Think Rocky , think Karate Kid . No , there 's not much new with Real Steel but I still had fun .
Frankly , Real Steel is an appalling movie : cliched , corny , sentimental , hectoring and pitched so low that the term B-movie seems like praise .
Whatever your age , if you 've ever crashed two toy robots together you wo n't want to miss this .
By the time the two hour running length has expired , it 's safe to say that Real Steel comes across as a legitimate crowd-pleaser .
Demonstrates the way CGI -
driven bot cinema can fruitfully coexist with father-and-son bonding cinema to create charming entertainment - part warm hugs and part cold clang .
A toy tie-in , an overlong movie that takes on some of the grimy veneer and colorful characters of a `` boxing picture , '' sanitizing it for children .
The movie really comes to life during the marvelous boxing sequences , which are often drop-dead exciting .
The robots punch all the problems out of this story .
Real Steel is a well-made , well-managed family fighting fantasy that combines high tech and low aspirations to go the distance in fairly lightweight fashion .
Delivers a powerful dramatic punch without ever feeling like it needs to dumb itself down to win over its audience .
Will Sylvester Stallone receive residuals from Real Steel ?
Real Steel is my kind of action movie . The story is engaging , the characters are fun and the robots are freaking cool .
The element that lingers longest is a subtle strand ... of recessionary anxiety .
Atom is complimented by a ringside announcer for displaying a fighting style that 's `` almost human . '' This is about the highest praise the mechanistic , spare-parts melodrama of Real Steel deserves .
Real Steel is definitely worth checking out . If you like robots or Hugh Jackman , you 're going to really enjoy this movie . It has ended up being one of my favorite movies of the year .
Real Steel is real junk - megamillion-dollar , computer-animated , state-of-the-art junk .
It 's hard to buy into the notion that fans could ever be as rabid to watch a couple of machines tear each other apart as they are to see two men sweating and straining and bleeding on the canvas . Without human consequence , where 's the drama ?
A tremendous technical polish is brought to bear upon what is frequently a rather awkward grafting of family drama and overblown , futuristic boxing tale .
Although the film is only marginally better than the average feel-good sports drama , it hits the right notes almost every time .
Although the marketing looks like Transformers 4 , Real Steel is the real deal , a Rocky with robots that ought to have audiences standing up and cheering .
A father-son family yarn that shares the same sweet sentiment as the recent Crazy , Stupid , Love : that the best things in life are far from free - or easy - to obtain .
Levy 's flick is cohesive and mostly enjoyable ... A shame that Goyo nearly undoes all the film 's good work by being super-irritating -LRB- his hip-hop dance routine with the robot is a low point ; not just in the movie , but in all of our lives -RRB- .
The father-son narrative is given as much prominence as the muscular action story , giving the film a satisfying and entertaining tone - with a payoff
Director Shawn Levy pulls everything together beautifully and Jackman triumphs again
Hugh Jackman is the only reason to see this picture , which is essentially a retro , old-fashioned father-son melodrama .
I was left with an uncomfortable feeling that Real Steel is stranded somewhere between a children 's film and a violent action film .
`` I do n't think this is something your average 35-year-old couple will go out and see on a date but if you 've got kids , it 's great .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- Hugh Jackman breaks an obvious sweat attempting to hold together this `` Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots '' kids ' fantasy adventure movie . The surprising thing is that Jackman 's hard-won efforts pay off .
Just awful . Did n't I see this movie in 1987 starring Sylvester Stallone ?
This punishingly predictable tale will test whether sci-fi action fanboys can stomach having their cherished genre infiltrated by sentimental hokum about a down-on-his-luck dad and his spunky long-lost son .
Though set in a future where boxing has gotten so intense only high-tech robots have what it takes to compete , Real Steel still trusts a good , old-fashioned father-son drama to deliver the thrills .
It 's relaxed , casually assured , and just plain well-made .
This is the ` boy and his robot ' movie that Transformers always should have been .
ROCKY with rivets .
Packing a fistful of metal and dripping with rusty cheese , Real Steel successfully blends action and sentiment while paying tribute to the classic films of Sylvester Stallone .


@highlight

Silly premise notwithstanding , this is a well-made Hollywood movie : Thrilling and exciting action with just enough characterization .