Paul H-O has made both a touching boyfriend movie , and a scathing portrayal of the art world , with great footage from the 90 's art scene .
The film 's restraint , along with its openness to many points of view , is not only admirable but makes for a more entertaining movie .
As soon as Guest of Cindy Sherman ended , I wanted to see it again for its high entertainment value and to determine better what I had just witnessed .
Paul H-O 's hurt feelings over being the overlooked man in a relationship with a famous woman , are surely familiar and not especially provocative .
Instantly recognizable as a guy you might have gone to college with , co-director and documentary subject , Paul H-O 's personal experience , as host for a self-produced cable television art program called `` Gallery Beat , '' speaks volumes about New York 's eliti
Cindy Sherman has disavowed this documentary , but the film proves to be a very satisfying cinematic collaboration between the art star , her art world insider ex and his huge cache of fascinating footage , and a story-shaping docs director with excellent ed
Guest 's focus on Sherman and her work is -LSB- the film 's -RSB- strength , providing an in-depth and revealing glimpse of one of the most celebrated artists in the world ,
Paul Hasegawa-Overacker 's chronicle of his relationship with publicity-shy artist Cindy Sherman absorbs , thanks to his beguiling personality and irreverent attitude toward the art world .
Remove the boldface names and there 's no movie ; that center does not hold .
A moderately compelling and humorous documentary that leaves you wanting more revealing insight into the life and career of Cindy Sherman .
Guest of Cindy Sherman would be fun to watch on public access some late night . But as a big-screen attraction , it never measures up .
At once a fascinating behind-the-scenes glimpse , bittersweet autobiography and witty trip down art-world memory lane .
It 's amazing that in an era of oversharing and reality TV , a doc consisting mostly of cable TV clips and personal reminiscences can be so resonant .
It 's a documentary about a wannabe celebrity and the internationally famous artist who almost makes his dreams come true . And like Sherman 's subjects , it 's all surface .
The definitive study of the contemporary art world that Eric Bogosian , one of the movie 's interviewees , calls `` complete bullshit '' . Also a poignant study of a love story compromised by unequal power and celebrity . Not to be missed !
This skillfully made documentary by a spurned lover of the wildly successful photographer Cindy Sherman carries the deadening taint of exploitation and self-promotion .
Paul H-O might have exposed `` dealers '' who were agents , publicists , protectors -- the real movers and shakers of the culture industry -- but his romantic wounds get in the way .
Absorbing yet lacking .
A highly entertaining evisceration and celebration of the milieu .
A latter-day exemplar of the postmodern exercise wherein tangential characters become protagonists , Guest of Cindy Sherman is a fascinatingly flawed and balloon-headed study of an unlikely encounter with greatness .
An entertainingly quirky little film .
If it manages not to lose its assets while dipping its toe into murkier issues -- becoming , say , a brow-knitting thumb-sucker -- then it 's really a work of art ; such is Guest of Cindy Sherman .


@highlight

The filmmakers ' motivations may be suspect , but this inside look at New York art legend Cindy Sherman -- and , by extension , the culture she inhabits -- is undeniably satisfying .