-LSB- Sinister -RSB- surprises you , and in the process allows you to see the movie from a new perspective .
It 's not the most original premise , but has some solid performances and genuinely disturbing moments nonetheless .
What makes Sinister work , or at least work enough ... is the fuzzy images on those 8 mm film reels , an ancient relic of the olden times when what 's captured on film instantly feels like the past tense , tinged with morbid fatality .
Even the daytime scenes are shrouded in such deep shadows , you 're mainly left wondering why nobody ever just turns on the damn lights .
In its own right , it 's atmospheric , just not very memorable or scary .
One of the more authentically scary horror thrillers to haunt the screen in some time , a product of smart filmmaking , intriguing premise and a great lead performance from Ethan Hawke .
Highly effective , tense little fright rouser ... If you 're a horror fan , you wo n't be disappointed .
Hawke brings a gravitas to the role of parent and home protector that is of far greater interest than the film itself .
Sinister is a subtle , poetic inquisition into the hypnotic power of horrific images ... oh and it 's frightening entertainment at its best .
The much loved Ethan Hawke finds himself in a cheap and cheerless horror film watching images of murders and trying to find the boogie-man before the bad acting around him causes him too much grief .
I especially like inventive horror concepts , or those with a bizarre sense of humour . Sinister has the former : inventiveness , which is increasingly difficult to create in a genre as enormous as horror
Sinister overcomes an iffy script to reel you in with one seriously creepy vibe .
It owes more than a debt of gratitude to The Shining and The Ring , among others , but Derrickson processes the chilling influences into an eerie experience mindful of the significance of projected images watched alone in the dark .
Is it scary ? Creepy is more like it . `` Sinister '' makes you feel uneasy , lulls you into sleepy mode and then slaps you with a couple of cheap scares .
Hawke is utterly convincing as the driven but dodgy writer and Derrickson has great fun infecting the quivering audience with his hero 's creeping paranoia .
Slow down the number of demonic spirit movies , start thinking twice before settling on the `` kids are scary '' idea again , and start coming up with something new .
Ethan Hawke creates a believable character who wants to write a best seller , but that is the only thing in this movie that rings true or logical .
has the all too rare virtue of being a horror film with a fine gloss of originality and genuine surprise to it
Scary but contrived ... .
Falls short of great horror
Derrickson is a sharp stylist who knows how to meld dreadful imagery with actual ideas that make his horror films more than just exercises in goose-the-audience manipulation
Writer/director Scott Derrickson has a touch for using old horror movie tools to create new scares , and he also incorporates several interesting themes into Sinister .
A most delicious kind of horror movie ... gives us a nice adrenaline boost and otherwise does n't linger .
Writer-director Scott Derrickson does absolutely nothing right .
Sinister is n't perfect , but it easily tops most of its scare-starved competition .
If we define -LSB- `` sinister '' -RSB- as meaning , `` ominous , forbidding , portending of doom , '' the film starts well enough , with suggestions of dark and sinister events to come ; but soon other words creep into mind : stolid , sluggish , tedious .
I 'm uh-scared , I 'm uh-scared ! ''
The most enthusiastic thing I can say about it is that I 've sat through worse -- much worse -- and I 'll probably sit through worse again in about a week .
Indebted to some welcome influences , including King -LRB- ` The Shining ' -RRB- and Antonioni -LRB- ` Blowup ' -RRB- .
We begin with old Super 8 footage of a family hanging from a tree which is either a terrible tragedy or a natural outcome of the average Disney vacation .
More stupid than scary , Sinister ca n't even figure out who its real demon is .
I never look at Rotten Tomatoes until after I publish my review . My reviews agree with the Tomatometer 77 % of the time . While `` Sinister '' is fresh here based on 100 + reviews , it 's only barely so at 63 % . That 's wrong . This is the best horror film of 2012 .
It 's an ominous beginning to a fright-filled fortnight .
Sinister is not only director Scott Derrickson 's most fully realized vision but also his most personal film . And as haunted houses go , this one is beautifully noisy .
Decent but not extraordinary . I do n't know about you but when weird noises happen in my house , when I think someone might be skulking about , I turn on the lights . Lots of them .
Sinister does falter but it does so early on and finishes strong so that you leave the theater with the best bits fresh in your mind and the disappointing ones starting to fade .
taps into the psychological terror that has been missing from a lot of modern horror movies
Even though Sinister is n't the scariest of them all , it manages to do what any great horror film should aspire to do : leave audiences disturbed .
With a magnificent performance from Ethan Hawke , Sinister provides the authentic scares the horror junkie in you has been craving all year long .
Passage to the solid stuff is blocked by brazenly cheap scares , a hazy monster mythos , unreasonably idiotic characters , and excessive length , making Sinister an absolute chore to enjoy in full .
Bagul is not ... the kind of creature that keeps you up at night . Luckily , the rest of Sinister will .
The horror film to beat this Halloween : scary and suspenseful without insulting our intelligence .
... a bone-chilling occult thriller ...
Genuinely creepy horror movie , which suggests more than it shows but shows enough to make non-genre fans watch from between closed fingers .
Bold and original . Probably the best horror movie since KILL LIST .
For viewers who have grown tired of the countless stock horror films in the genre , Sinister should provide an especially engaging and refreshingly spooky experience .
The demon Bughuul is not to be confused with ` gabagool , ' which is merely a demonic deli meat .
A well-engineered scare machine , as the people sitting next to me at the screening can attest ; at a certain level , one is hard-pressed to argue with soiled underpants .
`` Sinister '' veers inexorably from being a mildly effective bump-in-the-night thriller to being the sort of depressing monster mash that makes you feel icky inside .
This film misses a chance to have a decent payoff , by possibly criminalizing a character we least suspect .
Okay for a few decent jolts here and there but otherwise fairly humdrum in its recycling of standard horror movie conventions . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
An enjoyable chiller built around a novel premise .
Killer .
... one of the most promising horror efforts of its type to come around in quite some time .
It comes together with a gruesome though excellent ending that some will find difficult to shake .
For all its holes of plot , Sinister is a successfully spooky piece of work , riding entirely on the backs of mood-making , Hawke 's descent into dissolution and his kids ' convincing scariness .
A mixed bag of old-school and contemporary horror tricks that occasionally raises a hair prickle of intrigue .
Despite some effective bumps and frights , and at least one memorable jolt from a full-throated D'Addario , `` Sinister '' is mainly just a series of snuff-reels with sick-joke titles ...
C'mon , Ethan Hawke , you 're better than this . Is n't there a `` Before Sunset '' sequel that needs your attention ?
The hero of `` Sinister '' is almost unaccountably dumb . So , unfortunately , is the movie .
It uses some solid performances and some chilling imagery to distract us from how many elements of this haunted house story we 've seen in other films .
Almost every narrative and stylistic element is overly familiar and second-rate in this wannabe chilling thriller .
-LSB- T -RSB- he developments in the last act only serve to deflate the atmosphere of unease that has come before them .
As the best horror stories so often do , `` Sinister '' makes clear that we are our own boogeymen , the worst monsters of all .
Some kind of twisted work of genius , proudly joining the upper echelon of horror cinema .
Watching Hawke investigate strange goings-on night after night without turning on one light in the house becomes unintentionally comical .
A stylishly made , perversely twisted tale that swirls with murder , madness , ghosts , demons and the stuff of nightmares .
In its plot and even its title , the movie feels like a grab bag of every popular horror trope of the last 30 years .
As much as `` Sinister '' wants to tell a story , there is n't much of a story to be told .
Relies more on `` gotcha '' moments than storytelling .
`` Sinister '' ... borrows shrewdly , expanding on the found-footage gimmick in a way that manages to invoke both `` Manhunter '' and `` The Ring . ''
... if the plot logic falls completely apart with the first question you ask yourself and continues to unravel with the second , any scares that have been manufactured lose the residual effect they may have had .
Now this is a scary movie . And , given that it 's a horror film , that means it 's a good one .
Central to the cinematic impotency on display in `` Sinister '' is the ludicrous behavior of its hero .
Give the makers of Sinister credit for one thing : They do n't attempt to pass off this supernatural malarkey as based upon or inspired by true events . Does n't make it a better movie , only a more honest one than usual for a genre that just wo n't die .
-LSB- Director Scott Derrickson finds -RSB- new ways to frame the same rooms from one scene to the next and providing comic relief whenever the action threatens to turn monotonously grim .
Only in the world of horror movies do people knowingly move into houses where the previous tenants were horrendously murdered .
A scary movie that knows the imagination is the scariest place of all .
The movie is full of feints , shocks and scenes of particularly perverse violence , but nothing about it is fresh enough to haunt you in the night . It 's predictable .
No better than most of the genre stuff that studios regularly shovel into theatres nowadays , and in some ways worse .
In true horror movie tradition , characters do things that are head-scratchingly dumb . Once you accept those logic-defying moments , the movie works with diabolical effectiveness .
Sinister ' may make you jump at predictable intervals , but it never rattles your existential certainties the way truly subversive horror does .
A horror movie 's doing its job if you catch yourself eying the corners of the screen , anxiously searching for the presence of evil waiting to strike .
There 's something smarter , and truly creepy-crawly , about the way this movie sneaks up on your ears .
It whiffs on a horror film fundamental : Nobody seems to be all that scared .
One of the scariest horror movies I 've seen in a long , long time .
That title is off the mark . Here 's a better one : `` Stupid . ''
An occult thriller that scares with an absolute relentlessness .
`` Sinister '' is an undeniably scary movie , with performances adding enough human interest to give depth to the basic building blocks of horror .
Its slow build is more dull than involving .
I knew perfectly well , after a while , what Sinister was going to scare me with . But I got scared anyway .
Ellison 's fascination with celluloid to solve a crime recalls Antonioni 's Blowup , but Scott Derrickson is unable to conjure an aura that is n't as transparent and weightless as a ghost .
Enjoyably edgy fright flick meshes serial-killer and haunted house ingredients .
Sinister is a joyless ride , and its frights are too contrived to be surprising , yet somewhere , stashed in the attic , is a much less foolish film with Hawke at its heart .
-LSB- Villain -RSB- Mr. Boogie shows up too often to be effective , but is kept too mysterious to be interesting . Also , he looks like a heavy metal band 's attempt to create their own Eddie-like mascot .
A proficient , rattling horror story .
It turns found footage into a lost opportunity
The psychological vagaries of real people who commit terrible crimes and real people who investigate them are not in the cards here , not when the unaccountable supernatural can be hauled in ...
Offers enough seriously scary moments to feel somewhat fresh due to the way Derickson blends overused horror clichés with more original and disturbing visuals .
Not quite the complete package but , as popcorn-horror goes , this is the kind to ruin bedtime for a good few nights .
There are a number of reminders of Kubrick 's The Shining here , none of them resonant .
Cool in its crafty mood placement , confidently restrained during its nastiest moments and mining provocative lines of devastating nuance , the movie reaches a terrifying crescendo as the grisly Super 8 reels bleed into high-pitched scares .
It combines found footage with traditional moviemaking . Producer Jason Blum and director Scott Derrickson , these dudes love making us pee ourselves watching bad stuff happen to people on screen .
Though the scares are undeniably effective , there 's something forced about them . Each shock is delivered with almost mathematical precision .
When Christopher Young 's score is n't buzzing like a demented bee , its loud bangs are the perfect wake-up call .
This is a thrilling and disturbing ride that grabs you from the start and rarely lets up .
Sinister does everything right .
There is n't an ounce of ingenuity in the way the movie is concluded , but some generic expertise in the way it is put together .
Sinister 's central idea - that film can itself be evil - is not developed as cleverly as it was in Hideo Nakata 's Ring films , but its images are chillingly memorable ...
The ensuing plot has the cogency of one of those dishes you cook up , one inspiration-free night , from everything left over in the fridge .
Frankly , Ellison is an annoying prat and there are n't enough scares or story developments to keep you hooked , though the ending works well .
The best horror movie of 2012 to date .
Some nice ideas and a superb central performance from Ethan Hawke , though the film is a little over-reliant on screechy soundtrack noises and clichéd shock moments for its scares .
Cargill 's script -LRB- inspired by a nightmare following a screening of Ring -RRB- puts more meat on its characters than standard haunted house fare and manages to duck comparisons with The Shining despite the subject matter .
This so-so , occasionally effective horror film combines found-footage creepiness and haunted-house scares - but is stronger on mood than story .
While some of the story may be cliched , it never detracts from what is a genuinely scary horror film that will satisfy the appetites of fans of the genre looking to be given a fright or five .
This moody , nasty little ghost story is packed with chilling moments that are augmented by a particularly haunted performance from Hawke
Perhaps it explains too much in what is a grisly finale , but this is both skilful and scary ; as such , it 's one of the best horrors you will see this year .
Derrickson bounces back from his insipid redo of The Day The Earth Stood Still with an effective chiller that 's got a skeleton or two in its closet .
An enjoyable , if boilerplate , boo-flick that maintains an enviable rate of scares per minute by throwing everything - demons , ghosts , snakes , loud noises - at the screen .
` Sinister ' is , on one level , about as dumb as a bag of hair , but it absolutely takes much craft to keep material like this energized .
It 's a massive testament to the skills of director Scott Derrickson that ... he takes what sounds on paper like a three year-old 's dumbest idea ... and then makes you regret getting the large soda , because what he has done is -LSB- wet -RSB- - your-pants scary .
It 's appalling yet fascinating how the details come together and it 's that calculating viciousness that makes it especially disturbing and , for the horror lover , an absolute thrill .
It is an ingeniously plotted film , blending ` found footage ' with more conventionally objective camerawork , and luring us along with Ellison into its ineluctable -LRB- but still unpredictable -RRB- trajectory .
This is efficient , intelligent horror that stays with you .
An intelligent spin on the found footage trope with solid scares in the second half and a great performance from Ethan Hawke .
While Sinister is hardly a game-changer , it is an extremely effective horror feature ; one that creates its own highly original mythology , and wholeheartedly terrifies from start-to-finish .
Your pants . Do you like having them scared off you ? Then you and your pants will enjoy Sinister .
A controlled and sophisticated slow-burn horror film .
Horror fans will love the way it delivers on the genre with some inventive artistic flourish .
As a horror movie that 's incredibly effective and yet evaporates pretty quickly once it 's over , Scott Derrickson 's Sinister defines the difference between `` scary '' and `` haunting . ''
A hair-raising descent into terror that evokes the spirit of horror classics like Changeling or The Amityville Horror .
The movie makes up for uneven dialogue and pacing issues through sheer horrific imagery , starting with the first shot .
The scares are not just intense but unyielding in this compelling horror yarn from The Exorcism of Emily Rose director Scott Derrickson .
A bump-in-the-night haunted house tale that brings something new -LRB- and creepy -RRB- to the table .
` Sinister ' is so incredibly stupid . But it IS SCARY . The best way to describe it is ' 8MM ' meets ` Paranormal Activity . '


@highlight

Its plot hinges on typically implausible horror-movie behavior and recycles countless genre cliches , but Sinister delivers a surprising number of fresh , diabolical twists .