Although `` Incendies '' shows very little violence , the burden of knowing what 's taking place off-screen is just as difficult for the audience to stomach .
Rewarding , but ridiculously stingy in handing out simple details -- relationships , geographical settings , etc. -- vital to our grasp of what 's going on .
Watching Incendies is a long , hard , and emotionally draining experience but one that richly rewards the time and effort invested .
Every time the film begins to feel more like a history lesson than a drama , it explodes into action .
It 's a raw and brutal look at the unending strife in the region , but it 's also an unforgettable mystery that keeps the audience riveted through one surprising plot turn after another .
... an intense and shattering experience , a nearly great film about promises and kinship and the secret , cruel lives our parents lived before we knew them
A story of hope amid the ruins -- one that everybody can appreciate , no matter their politics .
Enthralling and very disturbing .
A beautifully filmed and movingly performed drama which explores how personal motives breed political radicalism , Incendies is occasionally - but not fatally - stymied by its clever-clever narrative contrivance .
Incendies acquires its heft from some very deep places -- Greek tragedy rather than newsflashes .
Incendies is muscular , emotional film-making of the highest order , self-confident in its delivery yet always respectful of its characters ' plight .
Normally I 'm against decent original stories being dumbed down and squashed into bog-standard thriller shapes . But Incendies is in dire need of some dumbing down .
Of the four 2010 Best Foreign Language Film Oscar nominees that I 've seen , Canada 's Incendies ranks as the only one remotely worthy of the prize .
It is n't easy to open out a well-respected stage play without losing a lot of its bite and subtlety .
Denis Villeneuve 's tormented family drama strips off one layer of meaning after another on its way to a thoroughly jolting terminus .
Absorbing throughout , Incendies has the feel of a Greek tragedy until a conclusion that stretches credibility to breaking point .
The movie never feels long , partly because of Azabal 's terrific performance .
It is not really believable , and yet if it is not taken literally , but as a cinematic prose-poem , it has undoubted force .
Incendies is in essence a family drama , astonishingly intense but impressively poised .
Elemental and expertly directed , Nawal 's story haunts long after the credits have rolled .
A wholly cinematic drama that combines twists and suspense with harrowing political insight .
Impressively directed and superbly edited , this is a powerful , well-structured drama that packs a devastating emotional punch , though it 's also slightly too long and veers dangerously close to manipulative melodrama in places .
No-one 's idea of an easy watch , but Incendies is an essential one , announcing Villeneuve as a major filmmaking talent and Azabal as an actress of remarkable versatility .
A strong film based on a weak story .
Terrific stuff .
Expertly shifting between present and past , writer-director Denis Villeneuve displays an impressive command of his material , patiently building up to an emotionally explosive climax .
As the horrors become clear , as rape and torture and death draw us deeper into the abyss , Incendies hopes to help us see clearly . It does n't always succeed .
The most intense film I 've seen all year . It 's also one of the most compelling -- and , in its own way , one of the most entertaining .
`` Childhood is a knife stuck in your throat , '' a dead woman 's will informs her twin children . `` It ca n't be easily removed . '' The siblings will discover that knife is double-edged on an odyssey to discover their roots .
Incendies is a grueling , harrowing trek in search of identity . It is more an emotional experience than an intellectual exercise , more the heart than the head .
The movie plays out like a page-turning novel that you ca n't put down . There are a number of shocking revelations that take you completely by surprise . The acting is outstanding , especially the ...
There is a mind-blowing quality to this story that is visceral and current , speaking to the world as we know it and hinting at a peace we sadly can only imagine .
Instead of finding resonance between personal and political tragedy , the film only succeeds in cheapening both .
It would be difficult not to be swept away by the dramatic intensity of Incendies .
he film offers moments for comprehension and reflection , beautifully pacing itself right up until its stunning conclusion .
Imaginative and illuminating , demonstrating that children often have no idea about what went on in their parents ' lives during the formative years before they were born .
It 's a powerful , disturbing film . May there be a day when such works seem less relevant .
Rage has no expiration date in Incendies , director Denis Villeneuve 's gripping , era-jumping drama about a family melded to its war-torn past .
A deeply resonant literary quality gives what might otherwise seem like a dubious series of coincidences a profound sense of plausibility .
Begins with a promise and ends with revelations so combustible they 'll consume anyone who uncovers the truth .
At once a stirring familial drama , a potent commentary on modern political strife and -- more than a sideline -- a cracking good mystery .
Manufactures shocks that have purpose , and that resonate long after the anxious feelings the movie prompts have finally settled .
It is no surprise that it was nominated for a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar .
Villaneuve knows how to stoke a hot debate about the legacy of violence . But in this case , where there 's smoke , there 's not enough air .
There 's a lurid , even twisted air to the proceedings , which derive from a play by Wajdi Mouawad .
There is great beauty and great sorrow in Nawal 's story and Villeneuve and his actors do it great justice .
The movie , engrossing as it is intentionally horrifying , is capped by a last-minute revelation that brings the story to a haunting , powerful close .
The title means `` scorched , '' but `` burned '' is closer to how I felt .
If you think of Canadian films as the movie equivalent of cucumber sandwiches and chamomile tea , hold tight .
A mystery , a melodrama , a prison film , and a love story , `` Incendies '' is foremost a scream of rage at a society destroyed by religion and by men .
Villeneuve 's telling of her story - and of her children 's - is painful , searing and something close to brilliant .
Incendies moves back and forth between the 1980s and the present , and every scene is unexpected , from the forced recruitment of child soldiers accompanied by a mournful Radiohead song to a startling revelation at a Montreal swimming pool .
This is the sort of movie , smart about geo-politics , but equally rich and complex in human emotions , that Costa-Gavras was making in his prime .
Villeneuve has adapted Wajdi Mouawad 's stage play which takes the classic ` brothers on two different sides of a war ' scenario and turns it into a Chinese puzzle box . Not since `` Sophie 's Choice '' has a mother 's love for her children inflicted so much pain .
We can feel the hot violence of the air in the last row of a crowded theater .
Overplays its hand , piling tragedy on tragedy until we feel browbeaten with misery .
By the end they 've acquired a measure of self-knowledge at a cost dearer than they expected , which reminds us that what we think we know can be just the beginning of an existential journey .
-LSB- T -RSB- ragic human coincidences ... strain credulity -LSB- d -RSB- espite exemplary acting , cinematography , insightful scope and contemporary relevance ... but is a powerful teaching tool .
`` Incendies '' is no mere riff on a Greek mainstay . It is its own entity , delicate and fierce .
Every scene is permeated by a creeping sense of dread .
Absolutely shattering . Nawal forces information on her children because while there may be devastation in knowledge , there is no peace of mind in uncertainty .
Most people do not choose their religions but have them forced upon themselves by birth , and the lesson of `` Incendies '' is that an accident of birth is not a reason for hatred .
The shocking conclusion , when it suddenly comes together , leaves us reeling .
Incendies is a tough film but a sensitive one .
Denis Villeneuve 's latest film is a spectacular experience ; the type of epic family mystery that is a Greek tragedy delivered to modern times .
Villeneuve folds the mother 's history within the siblings ' search , eloquently connecting the past to the present in a way that makes politics and morality matter .
Flashing backwards and forwards through time , the film includes enough emotional firepower and startling revelations to keep you guessing at every turn .
Azabal , a Belgian actress , has a feral , mesmerizing power .
Infused with mystery , tragedy and humor , serving as a genealogical study and Greek tragedy wrapped in one , it 's a fine achievement of bold , deeply felt cinema .
The storytelling in Incendies strikes me as primal the way Greek tragedy is primal . Shattering . Cathartic . It is a breathtaking film .
As a film of ideas , it 's disappointing , but as a two-hour ride it 's definitely worth your time .
My dictionary offers several definitions for the word `` incendiary , '' including `` inflammatory '' and `` tending to arouse strife . '' Both of those meanings and their figurative use come into play in ...
Villeneuve has a sober eye and a steady hand .
This is the film that should have won an Oscar in its foreign-language category this year and did n't .
A kind name for this attitude is false moral equivalence , or perhaps post-imperial cringe . A less kind one is Western self-hatred , or an urgent plea to tolerate the intolerant .
Filled with striking images and the ghosts of lives lived in hardship and war , `` Incendies '' is tough but impactful .
Though `` Incendies '' provides an unflinching account of brutality , it also suggests that to keep such an account can be a transformative act of kindness .
With a quiet restraint and an economy of movement in even the most brutal moments , Azabal makes the sometimes operatic extremes of Nawal 's tribulations come to chilling life .
Incendies is a devastating mystery thriller from Quebec filmmaker Denis Villeneuve that grabs you hard and wo n't let go .
It 's a bit long , and one side of its two-part narrative does n't work quite as well as the other , but it 's a strong and surprising piece of work .
An agonizingly well-crafted slog through a series of shocking emotional extremes .
Weaves a captivating mystery in its contemporary segments and only slightly less intriguing drama in its tragedy-packed flashbacks .
delivered with a thunderous emotional wallop
Incendies is about as meretriciously overdetermined as art cinema , or any kind of cinema for that matter , gets .
Narratively and aesthetically addresses the traumatic fissures born from exiled existence .
Both powerful and moving .
It 's devastating .
While it feels stagey at times and occasionally contrived , the acting is impressive and the story remains compelling throughout .
If Incendies is not a perfect film , it is a bold , immersive , searching , angry and haunting one ; all signs of great filmmaking .
A staggering political drama that could put you in mind of the intimate sweep of Bernardo Bertolucci , Incendies feels like a mighty movie in our midst .
Nawal 's travails are more in the vein of a Latin American soap opera than Greek tragedy .
Exceptional drama about French-Canadian brother/sister twins on a mission to the Middle East to unravel a family mystery engages on every front .
Knocked me for a loop . . one of the most powerful and fulfilling films I 've seen in a long time .
The movie does n't quite jell , but you 'll feel its sting for hours .
An unforgettable story superbly told
Bitter sweet and painfully joyous , Incendies is an unforgettable film and one that will linger somewhere in the crevices of the mind
Performances are powerful , especially from Lubna Azabel and Melissa Desormeaux-Poulin . But the plot twists will keep you hooked till the end .
The movie is a bumpy road of twists that leads to a revelation that has the shock and force of Greek tragedy .
Reverberates with the power and passion of Greek tragedy .
Villeneuve expertly handles the tricky balance between telling a straightforward , naturalistic story of one family and creating an allegory whose meaning goes far beyond the events of the surface narrative .
A substantive Canadian film revolving around trips made to the Middle East to confront family secrets and a glimpse of the dehumanization of war .
The film 's high drama , like its dexterous handling of narrative and its expert mixture of static framings and skillful tracking shots , seems like so much empty sensation .
full review at Movies for the Masses
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- A pure example of refined storytelling with vast repercussions , `` Incendies '' -LRB- `` destruction by fire '' -RRB- is a fantastic drama .
Though providing food for thought regarding the nature of conflict and how easy it is to tear a community apart , Villeneuve 's heavy-handed approach to metaphor will not be for everyone .
Telling parallel stories with lucidity and tension , ` Incendies ' draws us into the most effective cathartic scene of 2010 .
... a compelling and downright powerful piece of work from one of Canada 's most promising up and coming directors .
Director Denis Villeneuve has adapted the play -LRB- with the English title Scorched -RRB- by Wajdi Mouawad with riveting cinematic images .
It is the very fact that the hatred is blind , one group attacking each other just because it 's ingrained to do so , that is at the heart of this sad , magnificent film .
Canadian Villenueve 's fourth feature , which is nominated for the foreign lingo Oscar , is an emotionally powerful tale about an extraordinary woman in a Middle East country , ravaged by war and genocide .
It 's one of the best movies I 've seen all year , and certainly the best Canadian one .
Incendies is a significant international step forward for a filmmaker who has already established himself as one of Quebec 's most distinctive cinematic stylists .
One of the best films we 've seen in some time , an incredibly powerful film that unfolds in such unique and unexpected ways , it 's not an experience easily forgotten or dismissed .
All involved with Incendies are working at the top of their game , but Azabal stands first amongst equals .
A Greek tragedy set against the backdrop of a war movie .
At every film festival , there 's at least one movie that slips in under the radar and ends up taking the crowds by surprise .
A sensible switch from stage to screen , but lovers of the original may be disappointed
Villeneuve 's control over the material , André Turpin 's vivid cinematography , and committed performances make this modern-day Greek tragedy feel timeless .
Incendies remains fundamentally didactic , particularly in its stunning final revelations .


@highlight

It 's messy , overlong , and a touch melodramatic , but those flaws pale before Incendies ' impressive acting and devastating emotional impact .