A film about sacrifices , yes , but also about goodness and the unpredictability that is the human feeling . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Growing up and growing strong with a bipolar dad may have seemed like an impossible mission . But , clearly , writer/director Maya Forbes ' lovely film shows she has moved forward .
It is the fact that Infinitely Polar Bear provides an opportunity for audiences to engage in these considerations , effortlessly , that the film will win over hearts and minds .
There are genuine pleasures to be found in the film 's playfulness , but they come at the expense of what would seem an inherent gravity .
Ruffalo gives one of the most appealing performances I 've seen from an actor in recent years .
Cynics may scoff at the fact that Infinitely Polar Bear glosses some of the filmmaker 's darker memories , but they 'll need an ice bucket handy if they intend to avoid its warmth altogether .
Accessible , entertaining and well acted .
Writer/director Maya Forbes ' autobiographical fingerprints are all over Infinitely Polar Bear , a disarmingly joyful recollection of being raised by her bipolar father in the 1970s ... yet the film feels universal .
Infinitely Polar Bear features an endearing turn by Mark Ruffalo and will bring a smile to your face .
First-timer Forbes 's earnest resolve to demystify bipolar disorder prevents her film from establishing a satisfying story arc . Ruffalo is good though .
As is the way in these Sundance movies , there are moments of beauty , nothing much happens , and at one point somebody runs through the woods .
Forbes ' drama is very moving and has great compassion for Cameron , without turning him into some sort of saint or excusing him for his recklessness .
Infinitely Polar Bear just rolls along , leaking all reserves of authenticity . You could argue that feeling aimless and oddly hollow actually is the right way for a film to reflect the close observer 's experience of mental illness .
The performances are fine , and it 's no mean feat to derive warm-hearted laughs from mental illness .
Infinitely Polar Bear is a vivid snapshot of one family surviving in a state of chaotic , affectionate imperfection - and of a time when kids `` raising themselves '' was seen not as neglect but as normal .
To paraphrase a politician in a campaign ad , I approve the film 's message , which suggests that a chaotic but loving household is as likely as a disciplined environment to produce well-adjusted and -LRB- more important ? -RRB- interesting , creative children .
Infinitely Polar Bear might be called an impressive debut , a slice of life that indicates a sensitive and empathetic presence behind the camera . This might have been a movie Forbes had to make , but it 's unlikely to be her best one .
Forbes dug deep into her family history for her debut as a writer-director , and `` Polar Bear '' is a beautiful story , warm and generous of spirit .
It often finds a lighter touch to some dark subjects . At times this is charming , but just as often , it feels tone-deaf .
Only really works when all the parts fit together . I found it hard to judge until the film ended . Up till then , I waffled back and forth as to whether or not I even liked it .
Surface-bobbing childhood memories may not deserve movie treatment
Writer-director Maya Forbes sets a sweet and compassionate tone throughout as she charts Cameron 's trial-and-error growth as a parent .
The story may seem lightweight to anyone in search of blockbusters during the summer , but it 's a welcome bit of personal storytelling in which the only thing at stake for this family is everything .
Infinitely Polar Bear certainly gives off a palpable sense of warmth and sincerity , but I wish that Forbes wanted to give her audience something a little more substantial than a case of the warm fuzzies .
Infinitely Polar Bear suffers from the same problems as many other movies dealing with mental illness ... But a look back at writer-director Forbes ' goals for her film shows that she accomplished what she set out to do .
The tone of Forbes ' at-times surprisingly funny script and the latest fine performance from Mark Ruffalo combine for a sweet , compassionate look at mental illness .
Ruffalo is generally wonderful at finding the tone and mood of a character and holding to it ; here he has to bounce about , but again he latches onto a consistent energy that makes Cameron a singular life force .
`` Infinitely Polar Bear '' is a much-needed reminder that the realm of film is still a place to encounter something other than comic-book scenarios .
Exudes familial love and forgiveness .
Infinitely Polar Bear might be called Infinitely Nepotism .
Ruffalo gives another in a string of great performances , this time as a loving father with bipolar disorder .
Forbes ' sweetness of tone and wise casting makes `` Infinitely Polar Bear '' irresistible .
Forbes has created the rare film where mental illness is n't a catastrophe , but just something you live with .
One feels crabby and small for critiquing `` Polar Bear '' too harshly . This is obviously a deeply personal story over which Forbes wanted complete control , and one ca n't blame her . But that does not necessarily make for a strong film .
If the scariness of Cam 's illness is portrayed through rose-colored glasses , the realism of the characters shines through in dozens of other small ways .
Produces far more little stabs of happiness than winces .
Engaging and enigmatic , it 's an offbeat , feel-good film that tugs at your heartstrings ... .
As Cam Stuart , Mark Ruffalo exploits his versatility to convincingly navigate the wild mood swings of manic depression .
The cast wins you over in spite of indie-film -LRB- or as indie as a film produced by JJ Abrams can be -RRB- cliches .
-LSB- Ruffalo 's -RSB- gleefully over-the-top performance ... anchors a picture on a potentially difficult subject that instead is content to be a manipulative crowd-pleaser , but a moderately engaging one .
It 's ultimately a feel-good movie with some poignant moments ...
Deeply personal and filled with love , Maya Forbes ' Infinitely Polar Bear is nonetheless a hard movie to watch - hard to watch comfortably .
Everyone cries out for a little more character development . Personal tales should n't be so thin .
By capturing a watershed period in her family life , Forbes also manages to offer a remarkably concise snapshot of the era and its social views on race , class , education , working women and mental illness . And the resilience of children .
Infinitely Polar Bear often approaches mental illness as a wacky inconvenience , but Mark Ruffalo 's appealingly full-on performance as manic-depressive father Cam Stuart prods the movie into overcoming some shortcomings .
The film boasts two of the best child performances so far this year , and Saldana has never been tougher or more vulnerable . Then there 's Ruffalo , who demonstrates again why he may be the best actor of his generation .
Tarpits of treacle and swamps of sentiment seem to await anyone reckless enough to drive such a vehicle as far as a script meeting . Yet it 's largely true . And it rings that way .
Mark Ruffalo ... comes off more quirky than anything else : a round peg in a square-hole world who loves his wife and daughters like crazy but sometimes lets his weirdness and/or sadness get in the way .
There 's a real inner struggle conveyed by Mark Ruffalo in scenes filled with the desperation of a man forever trying to find his way to psychological freedom .
Forbes ' story and her direction of it may seem too sunny for some . But she keeps us refreshingly off-balance throughout , by letting us in on her memories the way she recalls them .
is more like family life remembered after years of therapy . Forbes ' take is anecdotal , and pre-sweetened-Infinitely Polar Bear is shaped for the network TV audiences ' perspective .
Establishes Forbes as a talented director able to juggle agitation and compassion and still walk away with a feature that 's remarkably free of saccharine moments .
The heartfelt effort to convey the volatility of bipolar disorder surpasses the greater narrative impact .
The setup for `` Infinitely Polar Bear '' is as odd as the story is heartwarming .
Ultimately the story is as sun-filtered as the cinematography , eschewing any real trauma for a warm afterglow .
Delivers an effectively heart-tugging family story without sentimentalizing mental illness .
`` Infinitely Polar Bear '' is a small , insightful look into the perils of bad mental health . It does n't solve any issues , nor does it claim to . It 's a lovely tribute to Maya Forbes ' own difficult childhood .
At times `` Infinitely Polar Bear '' seems like `` Mr. Mom '' on drugs .
Ruffalo does a magnificent job of conveying Cam 's charm and undeniable love for his wife and children - as well as the devastating effects of serious , incurable mental illness .
What `` Polar Bear '' really lacks is hindsight . It is a little girl 's valentine to her father , without the benefit of bittersweet wisdom that comes with age .
It 's a film about manic depression that is bipolar : warmly lovable and coldly sad .
Way too close to zany , lacking a point of view and lingering at a distance from the primary issue at hand .
The movie offers a situation more than a story . In fact , if it were less sincere , less honest and less tasteful , it could form the basis of a situation comedy .
Infinitely Polar Bear may be far too soft and inconsequential for it to leave a lasting impact , but Mark Ruffalo 's acting alone cements it as a likeable , crowd-pleasing , little film
Without even knowing that it 's autobiographical , `` Infinitely Polar Bear '' is so true to real experience with all its highs and lows , warts and idiosyncracies , that it 's like watching a child 's memoir all wrapped up in love and frustration .
Infinitely Polar Bear is a good example of how a film that looks on paper like a mess of indie clichés can be redeemed by fantastic performances ... even if , ultimately , it remains a mess of indie clichés .
Despite some occasional moments of real sadness and terror , the turmoil in this movie is decidedly on the upbeat . I would love to have seen what Ruffalo could do with this part were he not encouraged to be puppyish and sweet .
Heartfelt drama about family impacted by mental illness .
One of those to-be-treasured indie films that revels in real life with all its inherent messiness while sneakily giving your heartstrings a tug .
Dealing with mental illness is a matter of managing , day by day , and that knowledge and compassion imbues every frame of the film .
Ms. Forbes has n't made a movie about her father 's illness ; she 's made one about her father , who , through hard and weird times , clearly helped give her what she needed so that one day she could tell this story .
Ruffalo , one of our best actors , has proven that he can handle just about any role thrown his way .
Though the film is choppily told and its episodic rhythm never gathers momentum , it contains well-observed moments and astute performances by Mark Ruffalo and Zoe Saldana .
The usually reliable Ruffalo goes too big and sucks the oxygen out of the rest of the movie .
Expert performances and a wealth of convincing details put Polar Bear across .
-LSB- A -RSB- likable homage to the writer-director 's own father ...
What ` Infinitely Polar Bear ' accomplishes is a fine portrait of the industrial strength of a real family .
Mark Ruffalo is yet again a revelation in `` Infinitely Polar Bear , '' and he 's not the only one . This is a first feature by Maya Forbes , yet many of its accomplishments put far more experienced filmmakers in the shade .
Actors talk about how blockbuster megahits allow them to make more personal movies . The intimate , cozy but challenging `` Infinitely Polar Bear '' is the perfect example of that .
Clearly this is a serious topic , but right from the title - meant as a child 's malapropism for `` totally bipolar '' - the instinct is to go cute .
An auspicious directorial debut for Forbes , who can tell a story , keep its momentum building , and has most impressively pulled together a fine ensemble .
It probably does n't look it , but the annoying title of ` Infinitely Polar Bear ' secretly tells you how good it is .
The daughters are barely distinguished from each other , Maggie 's arm 's - length affection for Cam does n't deepen , and Ruffalo overacts like never before . This is n't much of a movie . It 's a series of well-intentioned anecdotes .
The story and performances are so sincere that Polar Bear does n't suffer much from its loose ends .
Mark Ruffalo is so wonderful as a bipolar single dad who raises his two daughters in 1970s Boston that you can almost overlook that Maya Forbes ' quasi-autobiographical film is the latest in a long line of dramedies romanticizing mental illness .
Ruffalo is a powerhouse in an indelibly intimate portrait of what makes a family when the roles of parent and child are reversed .
There is no denying the impact of Mr. Ruffalo 's performance as a troubled but mercurial disaster waiting to happen .
Forbes ' film is unencumbered by the clichés so often represented in other films about mental illness , and although Forbes ' grasp on tone frequently wobbles , it never falls over .
Infinitely Polar Bear stands as a reassurance that even in imperfect households , everything can still turn out all right . The key , maybe , is in laughing at what 's truly ridiculous , and in laughing your way through what hurts , too .
aya Forbes reveals herself as a sunny optimist , insistent on remembering the ecstatic highs and never dwelling on the despairing lows .
One of Mark Ruffalo 's most engaging performances .
A warm , touching story about family , the film is not without its social merits .
If your experience of having an alcoholic parent with bipolar disorder is n't particularly rosy then this film may not resonate with you .
Wrapped in a comic playfulness , some may accuse Forbes of trivialising the realities of living with a mentally ill individual , but the storytelling always feels rooted in honesty .
There 's a central truthfulness to the film , which is full of stray details that are sure to trigger the viewer 's own memories of the ordinary chaos of childhood .
The film 's saving grace is the cast , especially perhaps the two girls , Imogene Wolodarsky and the younger Ashley Aufderheide , who deliver vibrant and authentic performances , charming and real and utterly convincing
Domestic chaos is delicately handled , in this feature debut by Maya Forbes , whose childhood experiences living with her bi-polar father while her mother studies form a kaleidoscope of tumultuous emotional adventures
... suffers from a pervasively familiar atmosphere that holds the viewer at arms length for the duration of its -LRB- mercifully brief -RRB- running time .
A personal project that features both scars and sweetness , Infinitely Polar Bear is bolstered by excellent acting and full of rich emotional detail .
Funny and sympathetic memoir goes easy on the tale 's dark side .
The scenes are all playful , but they 've got a real emotional edge and all of the children in the movie perform with a comical bitterness : They all feel cheated out of something .
Seemingly in perfect sync with Forbes ' direction and screenplay , Ruffalo turns Cameron into a well-rounded , three-dimensional character .
Mark Ruffalo gives an astonishing and heartfelt performance as a father suffering from manic-depression in writer-director Maya Forbes ' autobiographical drama .
While there 's an earnest nature to the film that 's hard to dislike , `` Infinitely Polar Bear '' is unpleasantly laced with manipulative screenwriting and aggravating contrivances
In her -LSB- Maya Forbes -RSB- insistence on finding the happy ending , Infinitely Polar Bear does n't find enough of the sadness and pain that would have made such a conclusion earned .
A film of sweet reassurance , preaching that shaky foundations are n't always destined to crumble .
Could be subtitled `` the lighter side of manic depression '' . Ruffalo is terrific , and the film is ultimately great family entertainment .
Even with being drawn from life , Infinitely Polar Bear feels less like a portrait and more like a cartoon .
Ruffalo , a master of rumpled befuddlement , finds his signature role here-it ca n't be overstated how deftly he eases into the tricky creation , a blue-blooded slacker who aches when the world wo n't hug him back .
Mark Ruffalo gives one of his most appealing performances in writer-director Maya Forbes ' irresistible feature debut .
Much like its protagonist , Infinitely Polar Bear wavers between joyous hijinks and disturbing breakdowns , and the more you spend time with it , the more it grows on you .
Forbes has a delicate but unsentimental approach , which gives her film the same infectious energy that blesses and curses Cameron . The end result feels good without feeling superficial .

@highlight

Infinitely Polar Bear handles its thorny themes with a somewhat troublesomely light touch , but Mark Ruffalo 's complex performance keeps the drama solidly grounded .