Last Knights is both better and worse than Outcast , aka That One With Nicolas Cage and Hayden Christensen and Truly Awful Haircuts .
There 's a distinct lack of excitement and sense of adventure that underlines Japanese director Kazuaki Kiriya 's medieval-fantasy , Last Knights ; a slow , puzzling and dreary sword-and-sandals action that is devoid of any energy .
-LSB- It -RSB- most specifically reminds one of those bland , abandoned fantasy films that seemed to just materialize from nowhere on video-store shelves in the late 90 's .
It 's crushingly dull and an utter waste of talent .
Serious to a fault , Last Knights is a two hour drama that hides a leaner , meaner 90 minute war machine .
Combines elements of both the typical revenge plot thriller , and then the Game of Thrones inspired castles and brothels environment - offering absolutely nothing that we have n't seen before .
This is an unrelentingly dour take on the fantasy genre , ditching the wizards , dragons and rampant nudity - aka , the fun stuff .
A dreadfully boring slog that takes itself far too seriously .
It 's a drag , clichéd and tedious , but hey , at least Owen and Freeman can make their rent this month .
This thing is so garbled and goofy it plays like a parody . Except it 's not .
`` Last Knights '' is so thoroughly mediocre , so dully empty , that it 's difficult to summon the enthusiasm to trash it . And yet , duty calls .
Once upon a time , filmmakers had the luxury of giving their genre movies time to breathe ; you do n't see much of that on a big scale any more . I loved this movie , warts and all .
A movie this silly should be prefaced with an apology : `` Um , about Last Knights ... ''
Its cast aside , `` Last Knights '' proves as square and blandly manly as an old `` Prince Valiant '' comic strip .
As predictable as the wrap-up of one of D.W. Griffith 's moralistic epics . What 's surprising is how much Last Knights feels as if Griffith 's ghost could have directed it .
The movie 's handful of action scenes are decent , but it 's so overstuffed with exposition and dull plot points that it 's hard to really care about the story or characters .
There is n't much in the movie that you ca n't see on cable TV , where the action is bloodier and more energetic , but there 's something old-fashioned about Last Knights that 's appealing .
Cobbled together from memories of better movies , Last Knights makes a hash of sword-and-sandal clichés .
Morgan Freeman thunders and Clive Owen glowers , but there 's little that can be done to save this muddled medieval adventure from itself .
This old-school international hodgepodge production is weighed down by a lumbering humorlessness and a glacial pace that makes it seem far longer than its 115 minutes .
Sadly , the talents of an impressive cast far outstrip the tedious material they 're given .
By the end , the viewers of Japanese director Kazuaki Kiriya 's low-budget Middle-Ages riff may end up wondering what they 've done to deserve such a drab , punishing night at the movies .
This ponderous drama from director Kazuaki Kiriya quickly gets weighed down by its own blood-drenched armor .
Last Knights is every bit as awful as its pun title .
A so-so riff on 47 Ronin that seems to have lost something in the post-production process . Clive Owen gives it his all .
Neither the dramatic nor action elements are remotely compelling .
Another macho celebration of fighting for `` freedom '' because someone else told you to , devoid of any acknowledgement of the inherent irony of that ideology .
Little more than a dutifully compiled collection of genre conventions , `` Last Knights '' is such an undemanding vengeance tale that it 's almost charmingly pedestrian .
Owen has floundered of late in his search for a big-screen vehicle worthy of his talents , and `` Last Knights '' does n't exactly buck the trend .

@highlight

As blandly unimaginative as its title , Last Knights revisits well-worn sword-and-sandal tropes without adding anything new -- or interesting -- to the genre .