Though the Chucklevision script is clearly targeted at human cubs , the astonishing up-close chimp footage is a wow for all ages , if only us elders were allowed to enjoy it in peace .
It 's beautifully photographed , whimsically narrated by Tim Allen and keeps completely schtum about the rough sex and the cannibalism .
As a primate primer for the younger end of the family market , Chimpanzee does a good job of inspiring awe in our closest cousins and does n't stint on harsh `` circle of life '' lessons ...
The presentation makes one wince , and the most striking footage is some behind-the-scenes shots that accompany the credits .
Chimpanzees share 96 per cent of our DNA and a common Pan Prior ancestry . We 'll bet they 're embarrassed to admit as much when they see this .
With no sign of Tarzan there 's little genuine drama in Chimpanzee and this film probably wo n't save any rainforests , but it 's heartfelt , beautifully shot and you 'll never use a nutcracker without thinking of little Oscar .
Cuteness proximity alert ! Cuteness proximity alert !
Words -LRB- narration by Tim Allen -RRB- and syrupy music let it down but it 's still great to watch .
The final five minutes give location interviews with the hardworking camera crew , and this is the only time when this plasticky film comes alive .
Even by the standards of sentimental nature documentaries , Disney 's Chimpanzee borders on the pathetic .
The chimpanzees play to their stereotype in this charming documentary that 's beautiful to watch and often funny , however Tim Allen 's jovial voiceover can be rather irritating after a while .
Clever editing enhances the drama , while time-lapse sequences and crystal-clear photography complete a captivating picture of jungle life .
Linfield and Fothergill , colleagues from the BBC Natural History unit , who worked together on the series Planet Earth , remain cheerful throughout . Their passion for Mother Nature shines through in every frame .
Scenes of chimps bending and weaving tree-branches to create makeshift beds , or the touching moments of Oscar 's first attempt to climb a tree unaided will provoke wonder and fascination in adults and children alike .
Gives us a hero to root for , but it 's not coy on the tougher side of the natural world either .
Chimpanzee intermittently veers into Disney-esque cheese - seriously , a ` bad ' monkey named Scar ? - but is otherwise a delight .
Disney finally found a voice for this series , and they did it by going back to what made them successful in the first place .
There are a number of breathless sequences here , that 's a fact , and while the film does at times repeat itself visually that does n't make any of the images presented any less astounding .
For some reason , Disney thought it would be a brilliant idea to have overrated and `` shoot me in my face '' irritating actor/comedian Tim Allen to talk over the ape action . What a horrible idea !
We get a dumbed-down narration -LRB- by Tim Allen -RRB- that telegraphs what the audience should be feeling at every second .
Has the makings of a great nature documentary ... If only Allen did n't keep elbowing us in the ribs to make sure that we get it .
Little Oscar 's life is by definition eventful , as each day holds risk , from predators and weather and scarcity of food .
Many of the images speak for themselves , to the extent that with a little more creative editing and narrative restraint Chimpanzee could work as a silent film .
Do n't be fooled : The humans are the only ones mugging here .
The chimp is adorable and the movie is just okay . It needed something to make it special and not just good .
While Tim Allen grates a bit , kids will probably be all stoked to hear Buzz Lightyear talking about chimps .
A pleasant family entertainer sure to stimulate young minds into learning more about the world 's wildlife .
Combines breathtaking wildlife footage with silly , self-conscious voiceover narration aimed at preschoolers .
Heart-warming and family-friendly , marred only by the banal , cloyingly cute narration which anthropomorphizes the primates .
-LSB- VIDEO -RSB- The true story of Oscar , an abandoned infant chimpanzee left to fend for himself in Africa 's jungle wilderness , is at the heart of this stunning documentary .
Technically speaking , the film is breathtaking -- made up of crisp and clear long shots , intimate peeks inside the rainforest , and a wealth of consistently used time-lapse footage that is jaw-dropping .
Two opposable thumbs up .
touching , exhilarating , and enlightening in unexpected ways
Easily the most cohesive release from DisneyNature . It 's also comfortable being a smaller movie , keeping to the limited range of the rainforest where the chimpanzees live .
You 'd have to be Attila the Hun not to think this little guy is worth watching .
Unfortunately , the directors missed an opportunity to bring attention to the fact that the chimpanzee population has been reduced by some 80 per cent .
Those hungering for rare footage of our cousins playing and foraging , fighting or fleeing are in for a number of treats .
Older kids and grownups will be especially impressed with behind-the-scenes footage that is shown at the end of the picture , where we see some of the techniques that directors ... Fothergill and ... Linfield employ to capture their amazing footage .
Of course , if you 're a fan of old-school Disney True-Life Adventure tales like `` Joker : The Amiable Ocelot , '' then you 're used to this sort of sanitizing of the world 's rougher edges .
Chimp ` adoption ' documentary has some scary moments .
At a light and lean 78 minutes , Chimpanzee is perfect family fare as kids will love watching the antics of the young chimps , and just before they figure out its educational , the credits are rolling .
A gorgeous looking film that manages to survive its anthropomorphization and the related narration by Tim Allen that , quite frankly , sticks out like a sore thumb . -LRB- Full Content Movie Review for Parents also available -RRB-
It 's not too surprising that there 's plenty of anthropomorphizing going on here . Never mind , if it keeps kids interested .
Walt Disney himself could n't have scripted `` Chimpanzee '' any better .
Resurrects some of the worst traits of the studio 's True-Life Adventures series of the 1950s , '60s and '70s , dubiously shaping some amazing footage with cornball narration that relentlessly anthropomorphizes its simian subjects .
It 's really a wonder of nature , a reminder of how we are bound to other species and how valuable and special and downright magical their lives are . It may be a bit corny at times , but it 's also downright enlightening .
One wonders whether more than a few viewers wo n't want to take home a baby chimp after seeing the film .
We do n't see footage of different chimps and have to pretend it 's the same ; this is one fellow , from one clan , trying to survive .
Produced in association with the Jane Goodall Institute , `` Chimpanzee '' is an eye-opening primer in cross-species similarity .
It 's a little on the anthropomorphic side , and Tim Allen 's insistently chummy narration grates . But the developments in the second half are genuinely gripping , and the high-def images are stunning .
Unfortunately , when so many strings have been pulled along the way , Oscar 's triumph feels contrived for dramatic impact , even though it really happened .
I would have preferred a straightforward nature documentary examining the clan life of chimpanzees instead of an animal story given human trappings with the narrator -LSB- Tim Allen -RSB- literally putting words in their mouths .
In the end , Chimpanzee was an entertaining film for me and the kids and they learned something along the way , so that makes it a winner in my book .
Like all Disneynature films , Chimpanzee is a mixed bag , but it fulfills its role in the natural selection of the Hollywood box-office .
The stunning and mostly uncompromising visuals more than compensate for the frequent corny turns of phrase .
-LSB- It -RSB- might as well be called `` Simply Irresistible , '' because thanks to the mischievous monkeyshines of a baby chimp named Oscar , it comes pretty close .
In the end , image triumphs over narrative . -LSB- But -RSB- does the natural world really need to be shaped into a cartoonish morality tale ?
It 's particularly telling when the footage playing during the end credits is better and more insightful than anything in the film proper .
It 's unfortunate that the filmmakers juxtapose those striking visuals with a warlike anthropomorphizing element .
While it goes without saying that all nature documentaries are handled with some degree of editorial magic to come alive , Chimpanzee feels overly finessed , demanding to be loved instead of aspiring to inform .
To experience `` Chimpanzee , '' the latest piece of gorgeously shot pablum from Disneynature , is to endure an orgy of cuteness pasted over some of the most asinine narration ever to ruin a wildlife movie .
Your own wild tribe will be entertained by the feisty hero and his monkey shenanigans .
... the narration includes unnecessary jokey head balloon comments and strained attempts at drama .
Combines astonishingly vivid and intimate footage of animal life with narration that sometimes crosses the line between accessible and intrusive .
`` Chimpanzee '' is a laudable feat of technical prowess and determination ...
Perhaps the best strategy for enjoying the movie would be to a -RRB- leave sensitive tykes at home and b -RRB- bring a portable music player to provide an alternative soundtrack .
With its emphasis on entertainment rather than edification , the film occupies a warm-and-fuzzy middle ground between `` The Jungle Book '' and Animal Planet .
All audiences stand to be charmed except those grouches who prefer their animals to be valued as animals rather than as furry little people .
Chimpanzee is Bambi for simians , but-spoiler alert-with a less trauma-inducing mother loss , especially for the audience .
Decide for yourself if the narration is a necessary concession for kids : it 's a take-it-or-leave-it proposition that does n't make but also does n't quite break Chimpanzee .
Another documentary teaching children a dualistic view of the world with good versus evil communities .
It has plenty of charm and is filled with astonishingly intimate footage worth seeing on the big screen but is sketchy on details and dumbed down by cutsy , anthropomorphizing narration .
Although the script is aimed at the youngest members of the audience , adults will find much to admire in the simply astonishing footage gathered over four years in tracking this amazing species .
Fothergill and Linfield really do capture some awesome footage of the chimpanzees in the wild . Who knew watching them crack nuts with sticks and rocks could be so entertaining ? Or use a stick to eat ants ?
A family-friendly film about a different kind of family .
It 's never less than remarkable to lay eyes upon . But it feels more ... contrived .
Unlike the hyper-edited fare on TV 's Animal Planet , `` Chimpanzee '' lets everyone feel like a mini-Jane Goodall .
A people-pleasing Disney `` documentary '' hellbent on building a kid-friendly narrative , it contains enough stunning footage of the chimps and their jungle habitat to remain engrossing .
The most personal and involving nature doc since March of the Penguins
The point of these movies should be to observe reality , not to shape reality into the equivalent of a cute animated movie .
The makers of `` Chimpanzee '' appear to have captured a lot of genuine and genuinely lovely footage of instinctive compassion among animals .
In seeking to make frothy entertainment out of the growing pains of an orphaned baby chimp named Oscar , with an insipid story and almost mocking narration by Tim Allen , it runs counter to its professed scientific intentions .
It is n't easy to insult the intelligence of preschoolers , but Chimpanzee 's insistence on turning the two gangs into the Sharks and the Jets does the job long before Allen lapses into his Home Improvement grunting .
Bring your own choice of soundtrack , just so long as it 's long enough to block out Tim Allen 's excruciating voice-over ... everything visual about the film is stunning .
In the absence of narrative , directors Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield fall back on the prevalent nature-TV escape hatch of anthropomorphizing what would otherwise be dull .
Must-see family fare for animal lovers and suckers for visually-captivating wildlife adventures like March of the Penguins and Winged Migration .
There 's clash between images and words , between awesome footage of simians in their habitat and the voice-overs , which are often too cute , banal , and unnecessary , but overall the film offers kids a sense of wonder .
No one 's asking for a somber account of simian life , but perhaps Buzz Lightyear could keep quiet for a bit and let the monkey business speak for itself .
Strictly from a nature-doc angle , Chimpanzee is impressive stuff .
Amazing detail and storytelling trump a sometimes cloying cuteness in Disneynature 's best yet .
A heartwarming and astonishingly intimate nonfiction feature that engagingly locates the parallel drama , sadness , curiosity and uplift of the animal kingdom .
Some privileged nature footage from the African rain forest is dishonored by deeply silly narration in Chimpanzee .
The astonishing footage of apes in their natural environment is made perfectly accessible and then nearly undone by a narration track that plays to the audience 's basest desires for gag-inducing cuteness .
As expected , the primate behavior on display is fascinating , as deftly framed by the filmmakers ; one could watch this band of apes make tools and crack nuts for hours .
Chimpanzee gives us a fully smoothed-out story -- about an orphan ape named Oscar -- populated with chimps so cute and Disney-fied that you half expect them to break out in an Alan Menken song .

@highlight

Chimpanzee often anthropomorphizes its subjects , but it 's a beautifully filmed , remarkably intimate look at the lives of a family of primates .