Though it does influence some spirituality sneakily , and can be pretty ridiculous , it 's still a fascinating account of free thinking .
The overall tone is that of an indoctrination film for a cult , if such films were made by the people who make training videos for fast-food franchises .
This documentary will either be a life-changing experience , or it 'll drive you nuts with its new-agey tone .
Lumbering docudrama .
There are two minor problems with What the # $ * ! : it 's bad science and it 's a bad movie .
Ainda que interessante em sua metade inicial , quando fascina pela ausência de respostas , acaba desmoronando ao tornar-se um previsível manual de auto-ajuda .
... a clumsy hybrid of romantic comedy and New Age infomercial that plays like the weirdest driver 's education film you 've ever seen .
A highly enjoyable , brain teasing elucidation of quantum physics and theory
Tries to meld quantum physics with pop philosophy using a bunch of talking heads spliced in with a mediocre narrative .
If positive thinking results in computer-animated body cells farting or singing Robert Palmer , our chi , mojo , or whatever has miles to go toward self-actualization .
Movies are a visual medium , and not even four dimensions of Ph.D. s are going to change that . Not in this lifetime , anyway .
Here 's what we know : We know that What the # $ * ! Do We Know !? is a tedious , faux-philosophical waste of time .
Overall the talking heads do a great job - as in `` How Quantum Physics Can Change YOUR Life ! '' The same ca n't be said for the storyline , which leaves much to be desired .
you 'd be better off reading about quantum mechanics and simply imagining that you have seen this movie
Shot and acted with all the skill of a late-night infomercial .
I 'd be much more impressed by these notions that nothing is real were they not delivered by people in solid , upscale surroundings .
As an entryway into new ways of thinking about the self , the universe , and the vast infinite whatnot of whatever -LRB- you know what we mean , oh wise one -RRB- , this little movie is big .
Provocative movies like this open a world of knowledge and ideas , stimulating thinking and conversation .
The film with the year 's most unfortunate title also happens to be a candidate for the year 's worst film .
New Age hooey disguised as a scientific documentary about quantum physics .
A terrific way to spend 109 minutes .
A pretty good documentary .
It 's a cult film , all right , but not like ` Eraserhead ' : It 's more like a cult film created for inductees into some New Age self-actualization movement ...
like being stuck at a science fair , with a 5-year-old on one side asking questions and his hippie parents on the other fumbling to answer them .
`` What The Bleep Do We Know ? '' passes itself off as a film that 's going to teach us something , and turns out to be a film that 's trying to sell us something .
It 's the New Age hooey that starts to wear thin .
Matlin 's dramatizations are intentionally heavy-handed ... Meanwhile , many of the dozen-plus panelists grossly over-ponder the many scientific observations made .
Akin to finding yourself in an argument with a drunken hippie on a Matrix bender .
A different kind of movie .
Sometimes What the # $ * ! Do We Know !? has the corny , ham-handed feel of an old 16 mm educational movie , but I 'm not sure how intentional this is .
A mishmash of a film with boring talking heads effusing about quantum mechanics , an uninvolving melodrama , and a phony finale of transformation .
Ultimately it 's limited by its compulsion to knock our socks off at every turn and to compare itself with Alice in Wonderland .
Marries its documentary footage to a touchy-feely tale of spiritual empowerment that has the clumsiness and dramatic heft of an airline safety video .
Quickly tumbles down a rabbit hole of annoying psychobabble , dubious science and embarrassingly silly animation .
Two hours of New Age hooey .
Quantum Bull-Bleep would be a more apt title for the conclusions that the movie draws .
A terribly self-satisfied lecture about the ubiquity of quantum physics in spiritual life .
An impenetrable human parable and a hallucinogenic animated cartoon .
Feels like a cross between a PBS special hosted by a series of low-rent Deepak Chopras and an infomercial for self-help audio tapes .
Despite my general ignorance about quantum physics , it is n't difficult to sense the hot air emanating from the film .
A complete waste of time , energy and film .
In the mood to contemplate life , the universe , and everything ? It will either make you think profound thoughts or make your brain hurt trying to grasp what they 're saying .
This unusual marriage of ` documentary , ' story and animation is not wedded smoothly enough to produce a coherent cinema whole .
Part perky educational film , part goofy New Age recruitment effort , What the Bleep Do We Know ? switches between abstract and practical modes .
A film that dares to treat people as smart and deeply curious rather than dumb and deeply cynical .
There are many tantalizing bits , but the overall result is a simplistic story wrapped in barely explained quantum physics and new-age sound bites .
There 's probably an audience for a movie in which Marlee Matlin discovers spiritual wellness by covering her body with Magic Marker , but I ai n't it .
You 'd have to be fatally anti-intellectual not to be riveted by the vast majority of this stuff .
If you 're looking for an entertaining exploration of some mind-stretching issues , this film is a good place to start .
I kept wanting to change channels , so repetitive and stupefying is all the pseudo-mystical psycho-banality .
Both modern science for dummies and a feisty extension of our ongoing religious debate .
Will probably appeal , like some cult object , to those who already subscribe to the philosophy it espouses , but is likely to leave anybody else bewildered and slightly annoyed .
The ` Bleep ' in What the Bleep Do We Know ? stands for only one of the three words the film dares not say . The other two are ` Transcendental ' and ` Meditation . '
A turgid , Enya-synth infomercial for New Age enlightenment .
A great discussion-starter , and it 's a pleasure to find a film that actually requires gray matter participation . Just do n't take all of its purported ` science ' too seriously .
The wise ones , including biologist Candace Pert , Dr. Joe Dispenza , physicists Fred Alan Wolf and Amit Goswami , New Age seer Ramtha -LRB- born name : J.Z. Knight -RRB- and others , do speak some wisdom . And when they sound like a bubble machine , you can still smile .
Challenging , cryptic , mystical ... The only profound mystery the experts do n't try to answer is this : To which # $ * ! alternate universe do all those missing dryer socks go ?
Weirdly entertaining .
A deadly-serious , ironically inert affair .
A ponderous documentary .
So thick with provocative , often profound , food for thought that the film feels like an intellectual all-you-can-eat buffet .
If you 've had your fill of formula fare , you may want to try What the # $ * ! Do We Know !? .
A colorful brochure ; a Watchtower for new-age mysticism
Provides entry level , risk-free enlightenment with a great deal of charm and invention .
As entertainment , the movie is a mixed bag .
In this genre-blending cocktail of drama , documentary and computer-graphic animation , quantum physics is so subordinated to the service of an anything-goes mysticism that little remains of the science except the terminology .
... So if you like a picture that makes you think - or - you need a picture that makes you think - or - you are an easily irritated , unhappy person -- go see this film .
The goulash suggests a scaled-down but feature-length edition of what could have been an Imax film -LRB- and certainly would have benefited from Imax 's usual under-an-hour running time -RRB- or , worse , one of those deadly educational films of yore .
Overall , the film is about three-fourths intellectual substance and one-fourth hokum -- not a bad ratio .
Here 's the mystery for me . How did questions that started out so vast and existential swirl down into something so small and loopy and pathetic ?
Makes a strong case that quantum physics will impact our future in ways that are now almost unimaginable .
Like taking college physics from a really entertaining professor .






@highlight

Educational , but as entertainment , it 'll have viewers asking , ` What the bleep ? '