I ca n't recommend this movie highly enough .
For his characters ' demises , co-writer/director Eli Craig -LRB- aka Sally Field 's son -RRB- comes up with the sort of ridiculous Rube Goldberg setups you would usually find in Final Destination movies .
Call it a comedy of errors with a body count ...
Beats a dead horse all the way to the glue factory .
If you 've seen your share of teenagers getting sliced and diced out in the boondocks , chances are you 'll be tickled pink by this tale of a couple of good-natured bumpkins who are mistaken for serial murderers .
Although attitude is more important than plot in spoofs like this , Tucker & Dale 's storyline does have the right sort of momentum .
Everyone seems to be having a jolly good time , though I 'm still not sure what they 're satirizing .
Tucker and Dale vs Evil is deliciously fun satire -- and , once all the blood has been spilt , offers an interesting riff on the line between hero and horror villain .
There is nothing very deep about this movie , but it is surprisingly funny for a slasher film .
This movie is certifiably insane , that 's a given , but it 's also extremely witty , has far more intelligence than you might originally expect and has a grand time exploding clichés and playing with an audience 's expectations .
... a far-fetched but bloody fun film that does n't talk down to its target audience so much as it celebrates fans of the genre .
It 's easily one of the most heartfelt and genuinely entertaining horror comedies of the past few years , and even if you 're not a horror fan , there 's still plenty of fun to be had with these two lovable hillbillies .
Here 's something you do n't see every day : a genial , politically correct splatter comedy .
I doubt that anyone who is n't well familiar with slasher movie tropes will completely understand all the jokes ... but they should at least get a couple laughs out of it .
By the time the action-packed , thoroughly tedious climax rolls around , Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil has established itself as a missed opportunity of disappointingly epic proportions ...
Silly one-joke spoof horror/comedy about rednecks and college students together in the woods .
This goofy , over-the-top tale of college students on a camping trip warring with two local West Virginia hillbillies lacks a core identity .
Oh , dear . Oh , my . Oh , goody . This is one of the funniest things I have ever seen , a clever , witty , surprising splatter comedy to rank with Evil Dead II and Shaun of the Dead ...
Beginning psychologists take note - hillbillies and college kids may kill each other , but the greatest assets in maintaining the peace , on both sides , are hot coeds .
Film fans who believe there 's no way they could ever cheer for rednecks -LRB- a lifetime of Deliverance and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre will do that to a person -RRB- will sheepishly smirk as they find themselves rooting for the rubes holding center stage here .
Genuinely brilliant .
Clever horror/comedy hybrid of the kind that Sam Raimi used to make and that so many have tried to produce in recent years but have fallen remarkably flat . There 's nothing flat about this clever genre flick . For the right audience , it 's pretty great .
Just about as rip-roarin ' a horror comedy as we 've seen in a while .
The final acts of Tucker and Dale vs Evil find the movie falling into the trap of using the same conventions ... it so jovially and brutally skewers prior .
The timing is impeccable , the gags are wonderfully tasteless .
Students of the Little Movie Glossary may find it funny how carefully `` Tucker and Dale '' works its way through upended cliches .
One of the more enjoyable horror-comedies to come along since the original Scream .
a mordant comedy of errors that juggles the clichés of its genre with a buoyant impudence . And blood . A whole lot of blood .
Without a doubt the funniest movie of the year .
This is a horror comedy designed to tickle horror fans who have grown frustrated with the often predictable formula of the genre they love .
Pass the pickled eggs . It 's ` Hee-Haw ' meets ` Friday the 13th . '
Gently subversive and disarmingly good-natured ...
Its closest cousin is probably Shaun of the Dead , though shades of the Evil Dead series crop up as well . That 's fine company to keep , and I 'm happy to report that Tucker & Dale vs. Evil ultimately earns it .
At its heart , it 's really just a one-idea premise stretched out to feature length , but the lovable duo of Tudyk and Labine and an endearing layer of sweetness under all the blood make it a fully enjoyable comedy of -LRB- t -RRB- errors .
It 's time we all toss our nine bucks into the proverbial woodchipper -LRB- do n't ask me what proverb -RRB- and spit out enough money to make Tucker & Dale and other truly deserving , truly funny indie flicks a blazing success .
While it 's not quite a home run , there 's a lot to enjoy about Tucker & Dale vs. Evil . It 's got its heart in the right place , and hey , it 's just nice to root for the hillbillies for once in this scenario !
From the very first moment we understand where Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is going , the smiling starts
This is one of those rare genre comedies that near-perfectly balances its blend of grue , guffaws , and gag reflexes .
It 's an easy crowd pleaser with its humor , heart and guts .
The movie takes this idea and runs all the way with it , allowing audiences to catch on at their own pace .
There 's even a message under all the body parts : People are individuals , not just easy regional stereotypes .
Essentially a student film offering nothing but absurdly contrived coincidence .
We see a script and some underexposed actors who were lucky to find each other .
It 's not as clever as , say , `` Shaun of the Dead , '' but it 's good for some laughs .
Uses its reversal of the standard roles in rural horror to fantastic comedic effect .
It thrives on Tucker and Dale 's winning personalities , and the chemistry so evident in the shrewd coupling of Tudyk and Labine , veteran performers who rarely enjoy top billing but make the most of it here .
A droll sendup of the killer-in-the-swamp genre that gets funnier as it rolls along .
Relying mostly on a single gimmick , the slasher comedy presents a high degree of difficulty for both the director and actors . Their earnest efforts keep the repetition from becoming ponderous .
... while the film 's yucks are mixed with R-rated gore , the movie eventually runs out of steam , its themes not explored and satirized quite as well as they could have been .
It 's fast , it 's funny , and it works .
Few things are more annoying than a movie that does n't stick to its over-the-top convictions .
A farce of misunderstanding first , body-count nightmare second and at nearly all times a refreshingly upending horror-comedy bromance .
a hillbilly Ren & Stimpy
Hillbillies of the world unite !
If you 're seeing this as the midnight movie it 's destined to best be experienced as , you could safely drift off after the 45-minute mark ...
A long overdue rebuke to genre laziness and Hollywood snobbery .
Tucker & Dale vs. Evil is a Canadian-made horror spoof that delivers both comedy and gross-out thrills .
What I responded to was the cleverness of the parody , which far exceeds a one-joke idea , its expert execution -LRB- especially for a first-time feature-film director -RRB- and the wonderful performances of its two leading actors , Alan Tudyk and Tyler Labine .
While its subversion of the well-worn `` hillbilly horror '' genre may be a one-note gag , that note is played pretty durn well . A clever , bloody , and unexpectedly sweet romp .
It 's a sometimes-hilarious send-up of slasher movies that buries a surprising amount of sweetness under buckets of gore .
If it does n't quite go the distance , ` Tucker & Dale Vs. Evil ' earns enough laughs along the way that it should be an amusing ride -- especially for fans of slasher flicks -LRB- or those who have always thought the genre was totally ridiculous -RRB- .
Tucker & Dale Vs. Evil is too slick and too cute ; Tudyk and Labine are terrific comic actors , but the movie might 've been better served by less-recognizable faces .
The deaths are inventively splatterific , the one-liners hit often enough , and Labine and Tudyk make for an engaging and likeable team .
An allegory of our times , with a belabored message of tolerance punctuated by impalings and other grisly deaths .
A terrific , no-budget picture teeming with guffaws , but it could 've gone a lot further . I sincerely hope there are more Tucker and Dale adventures to come . Horror needs their blissful Southern-fried bewilderment .
Takes common horror movie elements , pumps them full of absurdity , blood and even some heart , shakes them up and then hands over the result - a charming spoof that 's a blast to watch .
Strikes an enjoyable tone of congenial gore .
It 's neither particularly funny in its desperate rural dumbness , nor is it much of a genre piss-take .
... deft/daft mix of authentic feeling and sharp parody , belly laughs and visceral dread , makes Tucker & Dale vs. Evil a keeper ...
`` Evil '' fails to triumph . Utterly .
A salutary , very funny and pleasingly moral movie .
This subversion of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre and Wrong Turn tropes is reasonably clever and delivered with requisite tongue in cheek .
A neat reversal of the kids-in-the-wood genre that 's genuinely funny - and quite bloody as it turns out .
Make no mistake , `` Tucker & Dale vs. Evil '' is a total lark , yet it 's also very clever . Real thought and ingenuity were brought to its making , and it shows .
As with most single-joke movies the plot runs out of steam , but it 's still a fun and memorable ride .
Topsy-turvy hoot delivering a grim and confident fiasco full of clever contradictions and a couple of likeable champions of the hour in Tucker and Dale
It 's a good joke , but one that inevitably flags over 90 minutes .
Smartly directed , brilliantly written and featuring a pair of terrific comic performances from its two leads , this is a thoroughly enjoyable comedy-horror that 's laugh-out-loud funny from start to finish .
Tucker & Dale vs Evil feels as if it knows exactly what it wants to be - a throwaway Friday night horror film with enough laughs to balance the gore .
An instant cult smash , get Tucker & Dale facing against the Wolfman , Bubba Hotep or Alien -LRB- or Predator -RRB- immediately .
Genuinely funny . A life lesson in never prejudging a man just because he 's skinning a squirrel .
Who could n't love a man who awkwardly approaches a girl , hoping to strike up a conversation , with a scythe in his hand ? How can a guy who washes his wounds with beer not be endearing ?
Co-writer/director Eli Craig deconstructs nearly every slasher horror movie cliché dating back to `` The Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' for a gross-out laugh fest that works better than it has any right to .
Genre staples and stereotypes are slain only for convention to wreak revenge ; but it 'd sure be sweet to follow the loveable lugs on another misadventure .
Despite its crowd-pleasing nature , Tucker & Dale remains overly broad and one-note throughout
It 's a rare treat : a horror/comedy with heart and style .
a hilarious comedy of errors , and a savvy inside-out reconstruction of -LSB- an -RSB- all-too-familiar subgenre .
Tucker and Dale vs Evil , much like the titular characters , is daft and does n't much care for subtlety , but smart horror fans will laugh their way through this well-acted , subversive horror-comedy .
A razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars .
If this is n't one of the funniest horror pics ever made , I 've got to get out more often .
Has way more than the average serving of laughs out loud , and even has a few of those laughs that go on and on , that hurt your gut .
Tucker and Dale is n't a spoof of the genre it 's parodying -LRB- in this case , hillbilly slasher movies like Wrong Turn -RRB- , but rather a razor-sharp homage fueled by a clever script and hilarious performances from its stars .
Tucker and Dale has no ambitions beyond entertaining ; luckily it 's pretty good at it .
Craig and co-screenwriter Morgan Jurgenson reverse the menace in their hilarious deconstruction of the genre .
Surprise , it works .
Tudyk and Labine work so well together in this that I hope there 's a sequel .
Typical expectations are upended in the horror-comedy Tucker & Dale vs. Evil , Eli Craig 's feature directorial debut and an endearingly cheeky tribute to suspense and slasher classics .
The gore is epic and the self-destruction all the funnier when it appears inevitable .
Take note , those of you in Hollywood making awful satire . There is a right way to send up a genre , and this is it .
There 's nothing wrong with a one-joke horror/comedy -- provided you keep the joke spinning for 90 minutes . This flick -LRB- somehow -RRB- does .
Eli Craig 's feature debut celebrates genre conventions while turning the traditional view of horror-movie heroes and villains upside down .
Great hillbilly horror comedy !
T&D offers good-natured , confidently executed splatstick whose frequent hilarity suffers only from peaking too early .

@highlight

Like the best horror/comedies , Tucker & Dale vs. Evil mines its central crazy joke for some incredible scares , laughs , and -- believe it or not -- heart .