It also , not incidentally , an inspiring vision of the way forward for food production , a portrait of what Peterson calls `` a dead farm coming back to life '' . After reading The Omnivore 's Dilemma , it may be just the antidote you need .
Inspiring , instructive , humorous , dramatic and moving , The Real Dirt on Farmer John is something special
The Real Dirt on Farmer John offers no discovery or mystery into the Peterson family or their farm , only matter-of-fact self-importance .
Yes , John Peterson is a flake , but he 's a likable oddball , a rebel you can get behind .
... outstanding documentary ...
It 's fascinating that this portrait of the rise , fall and rise of Midwestern organic farmer John Peterson can be read in so many different ways , only some of which appear intentionally in Taggart Siegel 's sympathetic documentary .
Of interest even to those not particularly interested in the subject of farming .
Despite an occasional tendency to ramble on and hold forth , it stands as a worthwhile tale of down-home alternative Americana .
A triumph of baby boomer ideals , that work and art can and ought to coexist .
Like its title character , The Real Dirt on Farmer John is a simple , effective movie with a lot on its mind .
A beguiling combination of agrarian ode and The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test , deepened by Peterson 's square sincerity as he struggles to find himself in relation to his family 's land .
The Real Dirt on Farmer John turns into a portrait of how American family farming could blossom for a new century .
Warmhearted .
` What do you do when nothing is left ? ' is the question that drives The Real Dirt on Farmer John .
Taggart Siegel 's loving portrait of eccentric farmer John Peterson is an epic writ small that focuses on a life lived almost entirely on a Caledonia , Ill. , farm yet encompasses six decades of changing American social mores and economic upheavals .
It does leave you smiling -- and just a little bit hungry .
Do n't be surprised if , by the finish , you wind up fantasizing about your own rural homestead .
What a blessing this film is , for everyone who 's chosen the road less taken , and even perhaps for anyone who 's stood in their way .
At times , the film plays like an extended infomercial for John 's new company , Angelic Organics , but the agrarian fantasy is so compelling here that the revitalization of the American family farm begins to seem not just possible , but probable .
A beautiful documentary . Completely fascinating , with a topic that hits home even if home for you is n't a farm . Bio of a guy , not a celebrity , politician , nor rich person .
By the time the end credits come along , you 're about ready to pat your new friend on the back , careful to avoid ruffling that feathered boa .
A genuine , no-frills , working person 's story of giving as much to the world as you reap from it .
He has the rough hands of a hard-working farmer but the soul of a reflective poet , and he brings both to bear in telling his story .
By the end , `` The Real Dirt on Farmer John '' has been an epic journey of one man who has already been faced with enough hardships that it looks like he has nothing to worry about for the rest of his life .
The Real Dirt on Farmer John is the healthiest film on the block .
a personal journey that also stands as homage to a severely threatened American lifestyle and offers hope
Could n't help loving this film , it gets under your skin like real dirt under your nails after some farm work .
Even at 82 minutes , the film kind of stagnates and repeats itself .
To find something that can make you love America in the way that was so common for so many a generation ago can seem like a miracle .
It plays like a film version of a long feature article that you begin reading in The New Yorker because it sounds so fascinating , only to abandon it halfway through when you realize that it does n't really have that much to say after all .
The Real Dirt on Farmer John examines 50-odd years in the life of its eponymous subject -- a most compelling character -- and in doing so literally provides the viewer with food for thought .
A loose , amiable documentary tracking several decades in the life of this most unusual farmer .
Despite the film 's goofy title and quirky imagery , it 's a hugely depressing tale .
Even though you fear they will join hands and sing ` Kumbaya , ' it is inspiring to see people come together to make sure something good and fundamental does n't pass away .
A fascinating character study ...
Too much of this self-congratulatory one-man-show in the guise of a documentary remains real ... muddy .
Ultimately , it is hopeful in its depiction of the creativity that helped Peterson -- who also wrote and speaks the film 's somewhat flowery narration -- rebound from the farm crisis that had him over a barrel .
Regardless of what you think the movie is about , it has a fascinating subject : John Peterson , farmer , performance artist , author and , at times , a flamboyant thorn in his neighbors ' side .
Effectively links the political and artistic rebellions of the '60s to the ecological movements of today , while mounting a strong case against the effects of today 's agribusiness monoliths .
This is a loving , moving , inspiring , quirky documentary that was made while the lives it records were being lived .
If we were better people than we are , we 'd all be interested in a documentary about the difficulties of farming life - and the central character would n't have to be a cross-dressing , movie-making , play-writing , hippie-loving free spirit .


@highlight

Ostensibly a bio about an eccentric farmer , The Real Dirt on Farmer John also doubles as a stirring exploration of man 's common struggle with loss and prejudice .