The key problem with Love is that Noe is so self-indulgent this time around , there is little room to emotionally connect with the characters .
This film is , indeed , absolutely moronic .
Love makes you long for old-fashioned metaphors of trains rushing into tunnels . Instead , Noe gives us real , hard-core sex that goes on and on . And in 3D too . It 's gruelling and untitillating .
I 've seen more eroticism in far less graphic films .
The film can boast one thing : having the most idiotic and moronic dialogue in cinema history . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's too bad that the film 's performance outside the bedroom is so unconvincing : the acting is dodgy , the storytelling is limp .
This 3D sex movie is much more banal both visually and narratively than you 'd expect .
Although masterfully acted by its three main actors , the only new offering in this film responds to the natural need of Noe to cause a shock in the audience . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Karl Glusman has a future in Hollywood .
The production values may be appreciably higher than your average porno but in terms of the quality of its plot , dialogue and performances , Love is not that far off .
The problem here is n't really with the porn , but with everything else , which features the weakest dramaturgy this side of Deep Throat .
Exciting , sexy , moving and painful ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of those films you have to see to believe but only for those not easily offended . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting way to talk about the different aspects of being in a relationship , including sexuality . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
You can watch Love in 3D , but it wo n't add any dimensions to the characters or this script .
In theaters it has found rather indifferent response . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Gaspar Noé took the fun in sex . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The blunt eroticism is going backwards , always structurally and narratively backwards , as in all films of Noé . -LSB- Full reviw in Spanish -RSB-
For a woman that know nothing about what 's going on inside a guy 's head , this can be the perfect guide to understanding the opposite sex . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A great movie , but deffinately not for those who get offended easily . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite being interesting , it 's inconsistent and is both a demonstration of the courage of its director , as well as its shortcomings . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's bold , fleshy and audacious , at least in theory . But it is also numb .
Everything is muted in Love . When not shooting raunchy sex scenes , Noé 's preferred framing is the medium-close-up . He keeps his camera near his characters but seems unable to elicit the true emotional essence of sexuality he claims to court .
After a slow start Noé 's self-referential soap proves more-ish .
Noé 's film may not lack squelchy spectacle , but when it comes to anything deeper it is oddly anticlimactic .
Despite the at times amateurish acting , the film is , in the end , surprisingly touching and a reminder of the fragility of love .
Gaspar Noé 's brave but wildly misguided film is an attempt to make a movie depicting `` sexual sentimentality '' . It is graphic and not above prurient shock tactics .
-LSB- A -RSB- teasingly semi-autobiographical , but decidedly underwhelming melodrama .
A thoroughly pretentious and tiresome feature , lumbered with a plot that makes the average porn film look like Doctor Zhivago .
The arthouse provocateur Gaspar Noé is famous for brutalising his audiences ... Now he 's back , with Love 3D and this time he 's done it solely with the power of boredom .
-LSB- Gaspar Noé 's -RSB- fourth feature , Love , is one in the eye -- often literally -- for those who doubted he could make a work of pure or peaceful intent .
Surprisingly tender , Love finds Noé finally having a little fun at his own expense .
It 's a film full of obvious allusions to played-out concepts .
The film offers a lot more than most films attempting to convey human interaction or attempting to understand human love and its intercourse with sex . It is certainly more honest than most films ...
This film 's biggest problem is that even though it attempts to create many metaphors , most of them come off as requiring deep , personal explanations from Noé .
Admirable though the concept may be , Love is far more successful at exposing genitals than at exposing hearts .
Once you strip away the flashy conceptual gimmickry , Love earns a real sadness . You just have to overlook the protruding genitalia to see it .
Cinematic satisfaction is denied in Love 3D , an exercise in bedroom boredom by France 's Gaspar Noé .
Love is a maddeningly myopic film , mainly due to Murphy 's squarely white-male heteronormative experience .
Noé deserves credit for putting sex so boldly at the front and center of his new romance and depicting it as an essential part of love and life that 's largely left off screen .
The film 's repetitive digressions and tedious self-indulgences make the result more pretentious than profound .
Why so explicit ? Because , Noe might reply , that 's what love looks and feels like for a generation raised on porn , self-affirmation , and hookups .
Is n't it possible that , in general , a movie could be both -LSB- pornography and art -RSB- or , in the specific case of this movie , neither ?
Noé seems unwilling to accept that art requires editing - it is , by definition , artifice . It demands the artist make choices , rather than try to cram an entire catalog of experiences down the viewer 's throat .
When `` Love '' works , Noé achieves a lulling , melancholic frenzy about sex and memory , but the foundation is n't strong enough to make his movie ever seem more than a stereoscopic fermata : one envelope-pushing note held way too long .
A sincere but repetitive drone of a picture ... `` Love '' feels deeply , but not complexly .
Shot for shot it 's a gorgeous film with a romantic naturalism that 's wonderful to get swept up in .
The sex scenes are pretty hot , though their power is diminished by the characters ' limited intelligence .
The symbolism here is not subtle , extending even to the names of the characters .
Says director Gaspar Noé , ` There is no line between art and pornography . ' If you like films with a story and good writing and acting , this will not be for you . If you like watching graphic sex acts , go for it . But `` art '' it is not .
Noe clearly is n't interested in sex as eroticism , but as a form of communication between people . Even so , Love comes off as an unlikable male-centric tale .
Why is it radical that a movie makes sex seem so enjoyable ? Juxtaposing the pleasures and pains of love gives it a surprisingly tender impact . See it .
`` Love '' drags on and on , alternating between arguments and intimacy , breakups and makeups . The movie never passes the authenticity test ; if this is what sex feels like , we 'll all soon be extinct .
Almost all of the action takes place in the bedroom . There is certainly nothing wrong with that , but a little more character dimension would have made these between-the-sheet sessions a lot more charged .
-LSB- P -RSB- uppyish idyll of -LSB- sex -RSB- as everyday transcendence , rather than transgression . Noé 's sweet heart melts on screen without the vibrant visual innovation of Enter The Void .
A 3-D , sexually explicit movie filmed in France by a provocative director using inexperienced actors -- what could go wrong ?
In one way , the film lived up to the hype . As Blazing Saddles 's Lily Von Shtupp would say , `` Oh , it 's twue . It 's twue . It 's twue . It 's twue . ''
Think of it as Annie Hall with money shots .
`` Love '' may not always be enjoyable , but it leaves an abiding mark .
It may be hardcore XXX but `` Love '' is Noe at his most softhearted following the brutality of `` Irreversible '' and his most straightforward , following the mindfuckery of `` Enter the Void '' so it may even leave his fans feeling underwhelmed .
As if all its artistic energy had been gobbled up by the fornication , `` Love '' has nothing left with which to build its characters or set them in motion .
The only reason Love exists is to shock the audience with explicit sex . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Perhaps the lovemaking would have more juice if the characters were n't so shallow , and their dialogue so flat . Equally thin are the performances of the three leads ...
This is a ground breaking , breath-taking and profound film in so many ways , it 's such a shame that the acting is so ropable at times , and that the script was n't trimmed to make the whole experience more palpable .
Ironic that a movie that 's so explicitly about intimacy should only feel intimate when it gets its characters to leave the house .
Gaspar Noe wants to create an inviting experience - a space for us to not just play voyeur to the bodies cavorting fleshily on screen but to engage with them by disappearing into our own memories .
What little story there is Noé has chopped into small bits and spread out sparingly , like a chef squeezing a feast from a meager pantry .
See Love . See it in 3D . For the craft , and for the arguments you 'll have with people once it 's over .
One 's proximity to the screen does n't alter the significance of Gaspar Noé 's film as the cine-equivalent of clickbait .
An always exhilarating , inherently provoking , ultimately depressing movie , -LSB- Love is -RSB- a celebration of love , life and cinematic art .
Glusman 's failure to rise to the occasion -LRB- except in one sense -RRB- makes `` Love '' a chore to sit through .
Sweet and sentimental , hugely self-indulgent but with no edge .
Love is a lot like a questionable one night stand with a moderately talented lover . As long as you can enjoy it for what it is , you can get a decent thrill out of the experience ...
Love is an explosion of explicit sex , a piece of filmmaking by director Gaspar Noé that is as pretentious as it is erotic .
-LSB- Love -RSB- feels sincere if only because it 's so unflattering .
A courageously personal account of an aspiring filmmaker torn between the mother of his child and the one that got away .
There is something endearing in its very monomaniacal quality : here is a film with just one subject , what Casanova called the `` subject of subjects . ''
Noé clearly wants to chart his own path , but as his movie chronicles that desire rather than realizing it , Noé mainly succeeds at broadcasting his intentions . That 's an achievement in its own right , if not enough to make for a satisfying movie .
The problem with Love is n't its purpose , which I find wholly laudable , nor the sex itself , which is beautiful and also -- to use a taboo critical term -- sexy . It 's that both these things deserved a far richer and more intelligent film to support them .
Strictly judged by the yardstick of sex films , it 's actually pretty conventional in its configurations of bodies and positions , and nothing one could n't see with a couple of clicks on the Internet .
The three main leads , all unknowns , may look back upon this project a decade from now and marvel at how brave they were to take it on . Noé is lucky they are as good as they are .
The dialogue is lame . The sex scenes are n't that hot . And this kind of `` Love '' is a rather big bore .
Noé delivers , although the sex scenes are n't as hard core as one might expect .
By 3 am , as the film trickled to a halt , most of us wished we had stayed in our own beds .

@highlight

Love sees writer-director Gaspar Noé delivering some of his warmest and most personal work ; unfortunately , it 's also among his most undeveloped and least compelling .