I hate to use the phrase , `` they 're only in it for the money , '' but if any sequel ever exemplified that ethos , it 's this one . Ultimately , Rush Hour 3 is a one trick pony whose day has long since passed .
Although much of Rush Hour 3 is in Paris , it 's no French pastry . It 's more week-old Happy Meal .
I have never thought I would ever profess to be a Jackie Chan fan . Yet , at the ripe old age of 31 having just seen Rush Hour 3 , it appears that I am .
No matter how fast Chris Tucker shoots his mouth or Jackie Chan flashes his fists , they ca n't recapture the charm of the original Rush Hour in this third installment .
The film is formulaic and the plot is barely connected together . But it moves along quickly and there 's the occasional smile .
Rush Hour 3 is a stagnate yet still commercially viable franchise . It arrives on your theater screen infested with the mold of a dated , stale rehash .
This Rush job should put the franchise down for good .
Tucker is the film 's 50,000-watt mood killer , determined to fray the nerves of anyone in the theater
Yvan Attal steals what is otherwise an exhausted , workaday film .
When the outakes are the best part of a film , you know something 's seriously backward . Here 's Rush Hour 3 succinctly described in one word : Meh .
It is exactly what the trailer promises , providing a reasonably affordable getaway with no hassles . Fans will love it . What a rush !
Proves that $ 25 million does not buy a good , or even bearable performance .
Three years later in the sequel , Tucker and Chan had found their groove , even if the movie did not have as many good laughs and great stunt work . Now , though , it is an awkward Greatest Hits Reunion Show , and neither one of them seem up to the task
Some things are n't worth doing twice , let alone three times .
... the results are pretty much the same old familiar ruckus -LCB- but -RSB- the pedestrian storyline is somewhat rejuvenated because Chan and Tucker administers the playful punches .
The action is ho-hum , the attempts at comedy are inept and the whole mismatched partners mojo is all dried up in this snooze-worthy third , and hopefully last , Rush Hour flick .
A movie that not only depends on but demands you do n't think in order to enjoy it .
Instead of the playful banter that infested the second film , Chan 's stiff delivery is punctuated by meaningless and exhaustive one-liners that pour out of Tucker like an oil tanker that just got the business-end of a torpedo .
Like the cinematic equivalent of an old , reliable piece of furniture : although it predictably brings comfort , age ultimately catches up with it , and is simply is n't as refreshing as it once was .
Crude , knockabout stuff .
Like Lethal Weapon , this franchise has become lazier and less thrilling with each instalment . Hopefully , unlike Lethal Weapon , they 'll stop at Part Three .
This cloying , fractured slop of uninspired swill is content to swim among summer 's worst .
It makes a case against `` war '' and in favor of buddies , across languages and expectations . That does n't make Rush Hour 3 good , but it does put Carter 's American excesses in a context .
I never get tired of seeing Jackie accidentally bruise whatever is left of his genitals . ` I 've got one ball in a sling and another in need of Lasik , ' says Jackie . ` My testicles have their own physical therapist . '
A total dud , as well as perhaps the worst sequel to appear in this up-and-down summer movie season .
Rush Hour 3 is the movie equivalent of a paint-by-numbers picture . No matter how much color you slap on top of it , you can always see the numbers guiding you underneath .
Most of the time while watching ` Rush Hour 3 , ' I could n't help longing for another one of those hilarious Jackie Chan/Owen Wilson ` Shanghai ' movies .
The third installment is so cartoonishly stupid it makes the original look like a classic .
There 's a bizarre lack of anything to care about beyond the dynamic duo at the center of the film . Chan and Tucker can only carry an audience so far .
Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
I 'm not a huge fan of the first two Rush Hour films , but this third sequel is just sad considering the still-viable talent involved .
As it is now , it 's just a messy plate of leftovers fancied up to include the number three in the title .
The most innovative scenes involve stunts , for which I 'm sure Chan -LRB- who is always involved in action sequences and who is himself a director and fight choreographer -RRB- provided most of the inspiration .
This movie makes a fine replacement for the previous two installments .
Expect Chan and Tucker to bust it up with a steady array of bad guys , just as they 've done before . And before .
The best buddy-cop comedy since Rush Hour 2 .
It may have taken six years to get Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker back together but the chemistry is still there even if it looks like everyone probably signed on just to mint money .
Rush Hour 3 is an awfully spare title for such a big-money enterprise , but an appropriate subtitle like Auto Pilot or Once More For The Cash would have given the game away .
There 's no doubt that Rush Hour 3 is anything but a mess . And yet there were moments when I found myself laughing giddily at the inanity of it all , and other moments when the picture was so beautiful to look at that I almost forgot its faults .
You 've got to hand it to Brett Ratner . He knows how to make a formula comedy breeze by in an efficient 90 minutes .
To describe it as lazy hackwork would be an insult to the phrase `` lazy hackwork . ''
The final , and anti-climactic , ` threequel ' of the summer has nothing new to say . A staleness pervades the film , despite all efforts to inject freshness and excitement into a tired story .
Rush Hour 3 is a blockbuster sequel filmed with the enthusiasm of jury duty and as barren of novelty as a burned-out souvenir stand .
Tucker is so inventive he makes it worth seeing .
For those who still enjoy the formula , Rush Hour 3 will suit fine ; but here 's a vote for letting Lee and Carter dance into the sunset , having sung their last chorus .
A half-hour of brilliance , preceded by an hour of dreck ... a roughly comparable dreck-to-brilliance ratio to the first two Rush Hour movies , I guess , and par for the course for Jackie 's Hollywood films .
Although the formula seems a tad tired , it 's still more entertaining than most sequels to a sequel .
Rush Hour 3 is a traffic jam of clichés that does n't achieve gridlock mainly because the stars , Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker , are too tireless to quit .
A sense of fatigue accompanies Rush Hour 3 . Timing is part of it , since it 's the last of so many summer sequels . But the movie itself runs on fumes .
Rush Hour 3 is just sad , but what is sadder still is the certainty that there will be a Rush Hour 4 .
Roman Polanski has a confounding two-scene cameo as a customs official who gives Carter and Lee a full cavity search . -LRB- Har har . -RRB-
Rush Hour 3 is an exercise in critic-proofing : If you like this sort of thing , this is the sort of thing you 'll like .
This may be the best-looking film in the series ; certainly , the Paris setting , with a climactic battle among the girders of the Eiffel Tower , keeps the visuals interesting . Better you buy a postcard .
The movie aims for irreverent , but delivers irrelevant instead . Let 's hope the Rush Hour series stalls here .
This entry does everything that made the first two mildly diverting buddy cop comedies inexplicably popular , of course , but it seems to be getting tired of the tomfoolery . So are we .
Less Abbott & Costello than Cheney & Rove ; how else to explain the ` humor ' in a movie that gleefully promotes the ugly in the phrase ` ugly American ' ?
Rush Hour 3 has the tone of an obligation grudgingly fulfilled after the cheques have been dutifully cashed .
If Chan has toned down the stunts , Tucker has pumped up the volume on his comic duties to the point where it seems his high-pitched whine could break glass .
Nine years after the first Rush Hour and a whopping six years after Rush Hour 2 , the buddy chemistry between Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker is finally showing signs of fatigue .
The only thing that 's up-to-date about Rush Hour 3 is the way that 53-year-old Jackie Chan shows his age .
The East-West fusion action has been exhausted , the broad comedy is tired and the dynamic between Jackie Chan and Christ Tucker has all but disappeared .
Ratner tries to lampoon the violence in his movies , as if it gets him off the hook for serving up so much mindless - but blood-free PG-13 - carnage . It does n't .
After a six-year hiatus , the Rush Hour brand has lost its drive .
Pretty agonising , from the misogynist display of female flesh to a truly horrific musical number to the no-longer-amusing closing credits outtakes .
Disappointing threequel that lacks the spark of the previous two films and resorts to grafting dreadful jokes and lacklustre action sequences onto a nonsensical plot .
After Max von Sydow played chess with Death in The Seventh Seal , he was condemned to hell : a prominent role in Rush Hour 3 .
The absurd plot has plenty of bang-bang but very little blood .
Sends the endlessly bickering couple to Paris , where the great director Roman Polanski gives them a rectal exam . I wish I were kidding .
Look , it 's so dumb , I could easily give this one star - but I 'm giving it two . It was entertaining , so sue me .
Only the prospect of the outtakes and Chan 's flubbed chopsocky stunts kept me going to the end , and even they turned out to be duds .
None but the mad will want to see Rush Hour 3 .
They 're back ! That lovable duo , back to kick some ass and ogle some babes ! Yes - it 's Max Von Sydow and Roman Polanski .
If this is car-crash cinema , it is a motorway pile-up of the sort that leaves a ten-junction tailback .
Rush Hour 3 is junk - witless , uncomplicated , consisting of disposable vignettes of vaudeville like burlesque .
Amazingly enough Rush Hour 3 is as instantly forgettable as Rush Hour 1 and 2 .
Please , please do n't make a fourth .
Can you understand the words that are comin ' outta my mouth ? This is racist , bullying garbage .
Despite its derivative desperation and a ridiculous chain of serendipitous turns that are necessary to stuff a globe-trotting action flick into less than two hours , Ratner and company show they can grill an easy-watching summer blockbuster .
Depressingly , the legendary Max von Sydow and Roman Polanski pop up in small parts . They must have been desperate for the cash . My advice is to save yours .
The biggest loser in all of this is Chan , whose legacy over here wo n't be his 20 years as a martial arts pioneer , but rather his playing straight man to the likes of Tucker
An embarrassingly flat-footed caper .
The curse of the terrible ` threequels ' continues with Rush Hour 3 . Infecting this third movie is an extra , deeply unpleasant level of racism that we have n't seen before in the series .
Two hours of non-stop , ear-shattering , humourless shrieking . It 's simply unbearable . You soon find yourself begging for him to die .
You have to wonder , what Max Von Sydow and Roman Polanski are doing propping up the cast of a picture whose action beats , if neatly staged , ca n't hold a candle to The Bourne Ultimatum 's , and whose so-called comedy depends on reinforcing insulting ra
Nothing can justify the stale gags or Chris Tucker 's shrieking minstrel show , and not even a Lalo Schifrin score can drown out the sound of money being counted . Feel free to call it commerce . Just do n't mistake this for entertainment .
It seems fairly likely that this is a case of returning once more with a bucket before the well runs dry .
Although it has been six years since Rush Hour 2 came out , almost everything about Rush Hour 3 has a familiar inevitability about it .
I 've long since accepted that these are not going to be the outrageous Jackie Chan vehicles I love , or the reinvention of the buddy cop genre . They 're just going to be solid vehicles with one of my favorite people in the world .
Rush Hour 3 is n't going to encourage intelligence anytime soon , but if you have a soft spot for silly adventure , it 's a fine selection of wacky-go-boom .
The material here makes one wonder how low you have to set the bar before it becomes irrelevant .
Just more redundant , cookie-cutter formula .
I got the odd feeling watching the last of the summer three-quels that Chan , Tucker and director Brett Ratner were making all of this up as they went along , Jeff Nathanson 's script nothing more then a template to improvise crazily off of .
It 's blatantly obvious in every frame of the film that Chan just ca n't cut it anymore .
The Rush Hour series comes to a close -LRB- hopefully -RRB- with this inert and entirely needless installment ...
It could be 10 times better if Chris Tucker would shut up .
a manic hobgob of shoot-outs , double-crosses , and absurd one-note jokes
The film features the same noxious mix of racial humor , sexual innuendo and violent slapstick as its predecessors . A racially insensitive gag revisiting Abbott and Costello 's ` Who 's on first ? ' routine is painful to watch .
Sure , the jokes are crude and the plot is goofy , but Chan and Tucker have such a delightful rapport that they come close to perfecting the buddy-cop genre .
I 'm not gon na lie to you : A lot of the movie is straight-up stupid .
The junky , clunky , grimly unfunny Rush Hour 3 is n't the worst movie of the summer . But it 's an enervating bummer nonetheless .
A lazy rehash of the first two installments .
Director Brett Ratner , screenwriter Jeff Nathanson and stars Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker appear to be trying to save the planet one gag at a time by recycling as much material as humanly possible .
Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker have been through a lot together ... Are they tired ? Perhaps not , but their antics and action sequences certainly are .
Whether it 's a hit or not , Rush Hour 3 has just enough story to justify reaching the screen . But let 's hope the filmmakers stop while they 're ahead .
Chan still sounds silly talkin ' jive , the action sequences are peppy if not exactly memorable , and the gags have been sitting out long enough to make penicillin .
The division of labor is the same as in the first two films : Jackie kicks ass ; Chris kicks sass . Ratner 's challenge is giving the stars enough comedy byplay to keep audiences awake between the big action scenes , and RH 3 gets it done .
Six years after the second installment ... it would seem that there is little to warrant Rush Hour 3 , and yet in not expecting too much I was surprised how much of a good time I had watching it .
If you 've seen one Rush Hour , you 've seen them all .
By no means is it a great movie , but it is great slapstick fun , one of summer 's guilty pleasures .
Chan shows he still has the chops during a showdown at the Eiffel Tower , but you 'd think the movie 's reported budget of $ 140 million might have bought Tucker at least one side-splitting gag .
Ratner , who has been accurately dubbed a ` fauxteur ' , does an OK job keeping the action swirling , especially in the finale atop the Eiffel Tower . But there 's no particular reason to have kept this franchise going except for commercial expediency .
There is nothing new , nothing engaging , nothing to indicate that anyone is here for any reason other than the paycheck .
Rush Hour 3 is everything a sequel should n't be : wasteful , unwanted , crass , inept and just plain awful to watch .
Brett Ratner , the great refusnik of all the A-list , big-budget action film directors , sticks steadfastly to formula .
The scripting is terrible , the direction lacks energy and the fights -- this movie 's entire reason for being -- are filmed in Jumblevison .
Jeff Nathanson and director Brett Ratner 's biggest crime is their inability to combine comedy and action , and their ineptitude at each element by itself .
It 's a tedious , soulless , junky comedy whose outtakes reveal just how little effort aside from writing Tucker that big fat check and another for renting the Eiffel Tower was put into getting it on the screen .
More of the same , only better .
Yet another man versus motor vehicle smash 'em up .
Instead of introducing a new protagonist -LRB- e.g. Chris Rock in Lethal Weapon IV -RRB- or a fresh plot to reconnect with the audience , Rush Hour 3 bludgeons us with the same old shtick .
The howls of audience members around me proved there 's still an audience for the third installment of this odd coupling , though no one involved even pretends there 's a story to tell or coherence to maintain anymore .
By far the worst film in the series , and marks career low points for just about everyone involved .
Tucker must not need to be funny since the loudmouth can take his $ 25 million payday and laugh all the way to the bank .
A pointless sequel in a franchise that 's been underwhelming from the start .
The eager yet lazy Rush Hour 3 often made me think of one of those mediocre Beverly Hills Cop sequels ; it 's that derivative and slapdash .
A whirring , soulless pop product for those who do n't expect much more from a movie beyond cheap laughs and frantic diversion .
At the risk of eternal damnation on the Internet , I admit to laughing at -- even feeling momentarily touched by -- Rush Hour 3 .
... epitomizes the vapidity of the American film-making industry .
Reliably energetic entry in the lowbrow Tucker-Chan action-comedy series manages to be both smart and stupid at the same time .
As oppressive and exhausted as an August day ...
Whatever magic between Chan and Tucker that -LSB- Ratner -RSB- was able to inadvertently capture the first two times around is finally swallowed up in the black hole that is his non-talent .
A completely forgettable popcorn flick ...
Shame on you Jackie , Chris , Brett , and Jeff - you are all better than this .
It 's hard to think of a sadder commentary about Hollywood 's sequel fetish than the existence of Rush Hour 3 .
Rush Hour 3 is n't quite painful enough to kill off a film legend , but I suspect it would give Jean-Luc Godard a sharp pain in his side , at the very least .
Gives you lots more of the same shtick -LSB- but -RSB- repetition is n't necessarily bad , so long as the movie does n't take itself too seriously and the actors are as likeable as Chan and Tucker .
There 's a fine line between the frenetic fun to be found in returning to a familiar roller-coaster ride and the dead-end slog of a dying franchise .
A soggy , sorry mess . In a summer that 's seen a lot of terrible sequels with 3 in the title , -LSB- this is -RSB- the worst of the lot .
Director Brett Ratner gives and he takes away . After destroying one trilogy last year with X-Men : The Last Stand , revives another with Rush Hour 3 .
This once-amusing East-West globe-trotting franchise has become formulaic but that probably wo n't discourage loyal fans from lining up at the box-office .
A sluggish repeat of its predecessors that remains mistakenly convinced that miscommunication between Tucker and co-star Jackie Chan is the funniest thing ever .
Director Brett Ratner , who built a career on this buddy cop franchise , has cobbled together a lazy and formulaic action comedy that is neither thrilling nor particularly funny .
Humor is as obvious as the fact that Brett Ratner and screenwriter Jeff Nathanson watched every single Bruce Lee and John Woo movie before making this .
Desperate to revitalize the thematically stagnant but still commercially viable franchise , the filmmakers have added to the cast serio actors like Max von Sydow , director Roman Polanski , a verbose French cabbie -- and the Eiffel Tower .
It lacks the relative freshness of the first installment , but it 's noticeably better than the second one .
Jackie Chan is stellar , Chris Tucker is lame and the film is , while proficiently produced , about as dumb as a sack of hammers .
`` Rush Hour 3 '' represents a final hour that has already passed .
A dated , stale , anti-American comedy . I hope they all make enough money never to make another Rush Hour movie again .
Hits the ground stalling .
Helmer Ratner knows the Rush Hour routine by heart , and production values , even with several new contributors to the franchise -LRB- including solid lenser J. Michael Muro -RRB- , maintain the franchise 's sharp , shiny look .
The cinematic equivalent of a third-generation photocopy of a doodle barely worth a glance in the first place .







@highlight

Rush Hour 3 is a tired rehash of the earlier films , and a change of scenery ca n't hide a lack of new ideas .