If the first movie was stupid , Apocalypse is ten times dumber . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
proves it 's not necessarily ` game over ' for the video-game movie genre .
By-the-numbers gory horror flick -- not for kids .
Loud , messy , senseless , pointless , and cheesy .
Milla Jovovich still deserves much of the credit for the film 's short-term success .
This lamely scripted sequel based on the popular video game begins where the tense , gruesome original ended but is quite inferior .
Another underwhelming entry to another underwhelming franchise .
The thing is Anderson and Witt can not decide what to focus on .
Resident Evil : Apocalypse is utterly shameless whereas its predecessor tried to play things with a straight face .
A riveting , well-acted , above average example of the horror genre .
Just because a film is about the undead , that does n't mean the film itself has to feel like it was made by the undead or for the undead .
Nothing short of pathetic .
Fans of the games will have fun spotting the Easter eggs on display , but precious little else . Indeed , the chief horror here is the cliffhanger promising a third instalment .
The heart plummets at the prospects for a follow-up .
Un autre exemple navrant qui permet à une initiative déjà peu reluisante de se rapprocher un peu plus du fond du baril .
For all its violence and fast cutting and the tens of thousands of rounds of ammunition used , it 's just plain boring .
There are times when the film , just like the original , shows that it could be something more
Rent an old Romero flick or hook up your Nintendo ; either one will be cheaper and more satisfying .
Marks a departure from the original film in terms of structure , scope , and pacing . Considering that the original was actually watchable , this is not an entirely good thing .
An awful sequel to an awful film .
RE2 is a dreary , incoherent mess of a movie , failing on almost every conceivable level .
-LSB- A film for -RSB- pre-brain Playstation 11-year-old American males ...
shocks the audience rather than entertain .
Marginally better than the first film , but that 's not saying very much .
Makes '' ` Tomb Raider '' look like an epic .
A série Resident Evil também se transformou em um morto-vivo . E já está devorando os cérebros de seus espectadores .
The longer the story goes on , the more it feels like a live action video game and not a real movie .
A zombie movie as dead-eyed and soulless as its walking dead villains .
I have n't seen action scenes shot and edited this badly since the 2002 remake of Rollerball .
-LSB- An -RSB- elaborate gory gaming gimmick . The feisty energy and revolving recklessness can not overcome the absurdity and superficial aspect of this unfocused hedonistic horror show
Nemesis looks like what would happen if The Toxic Avenger ate The Terminator . He fires a rocket launcher . Stuff ` splodes , people die . Get back to your Cheetos .
It 's not good , but it 's enjoyable on a purely visceral level . It is an improvement over the first film in every possible factor .
This is strictly second-tier terror .
It 's basically the same old 90-minute zombie shoot as before , just with louder guns and bigger explosions . And more shooting sparks . There 's a s -- load of shooting sparks .
The best thing is that director Witt actually manages , amid the chaos , to centre on the characters and create people we can cheer for .
Overall , if you can accept Alice as an enhanced bioweapon , and why not -- she is battling zombies after all , you should be able to sit back and enjoy the ride .
First-time director Alexander Witt is content to supply quick cuts of incomprehensible motion instead of lingering shots of the undead horde ; any suspense he attempts to create is quickly supplanted by histrionics .
How quickly things change . Resident Evil : Apocalypse is terrible , free of any of the guileless charm or B-movie cheekiness that made the original such a repulsive joy .
RE2 's best reiteration , Alice 's identity crisis , is refitted here to extend the game .
What the hell happened ? I had n't been more certain of a trainwreck since I heard Tony Danza was coming out with a new talk show ...
Is it utopian to expect better of the next first-person shooter that comes to the screen ?
Resident Evil : Apocalypse has some shocks , but its flesh-chomping zombies and evil corporate honchos amount to the same old mayhem , just bigger and louder .
The undead are back to stumbling in the dark , sometimes even in blurry slo-mo , making the many packs of them about as terrifying as the mobs waiting for Matt and Katie outside the Today studio .
Not only does it offer nothing new , it offers something old , out of date and not very exciting .
Several visual nods to the game are amusing , but it 's tough to recommend the movie to anyone who does n't already own a PlayStation .
This is efficient , soul-numbing moviemaking , diverting enough for blistering September afternoons when what 's onscreen is secondary to how high they 've cranked the air conditioning .
Dumb , loud , and ludicrous in the extreme , and I actually enjoyed it .
continues the story with increasingly diminishing results
Obviously padded , too long on action , and painfully short on irony .
So , if you 're into horror-action films , this is a good bet . If you 're into cerebral movies about the human condition , you 'll want to find another way to spend a couple hours .
Resident Evil : Apocalypse accomplishes the odd feat of having several things going on at once yet never being terribly exciting .
Lovers of Zombie films and action flicks should like this fast paced sequel .
... dreadful piece of work .
Video games as action movies ? If Angelina Jolie could n't pull it off then Milla Jovoich surely ca n't .
A joyless exercise infected with `` sequelitis '' and serves only as a forum for one explosion after another .
When a movie gets us to start rooting for zombies to take down humans , and the effect is intentional , that 's a sign of skilled directorial manipulation
... the latest cinematic proposition that apocalyptic disaster does n't bring out the worst in people , only the stupidest .
It is not in the least bit scary and most of the best traditions of zombie films are ignored .
Sometimes I do n't think I get this whole sequel thing .
Resident Evil : Apocalypse is for those who found `` 28 Days Later '' too brainy .
Fans of the original film wo n't go away unhappy , but anyone hoping for more than another zombie slasher flick will likely be disappointed .
Anderson does n't just suck as a director he 's also a terrible writer , which I think makes him Hollywood 's first legitimate black hole .
Alexander Witt 's campy Resident Evil : Apocalypse . may be brain dead , but it 's nonetheless also heartily , feverishly alive .
It is approximately just as loud , gross and stupid as its predecessor was , and you get to see Milla Jovovich 's boobs . End of review .
If you like tough chicks killing zombies , RE : A is for you .
More zombies , more babes , and yes - more dogs covered in K.C. Masterpiece ... Sometimes less is more , but sometimes more is REALLY more .
Resident Evil : Apocalypse is a ` thank you ' note to gamers . This is the film fans were screaming for .
Marginally better than the original , but viewers who are not acquainted with the video game will probably feel unimpressed .
Monstrous zombies rampage through a peaceful metropolis . Carnage is everywhere . Still , one ca n't help but yawn one 's way through Resident Evil : Apocalypse .
Might not be quite as loud and dumb as its predecessor , but it 's darn close .
Offers up more of everything : more bloody zombie dogs , more crazy corporate evildoers , more Milla Jovovich unclothed and more over-the-top action scenes .
... you imagine yourself as Alice , blowing away zombies and biochemical mutants , all while dexterously maneuvering your thumbs on your PlayStation controller .
It 's junk , but it 's fun junk , and its target audience wo n't be disappointed .
Almost nothing in the movie seems original .
A painful watch for those not into video games or ` zombie action ' , but will please fans of the first film and the rabid gamer .
Even for one interested in bio-horror , RE : A is pretty generic stuff .
Boast a substantial increase in the level of gory slaughter .
Not good or even competent .
Rarely have so many bad accents been on display , from the wandering German of the evil Major Cain to could-that-be-Russian ? of two soon to be chomped soldiers .
Good dumb fun .
Unlike the Lara Croft films -- which at least infused their software female with a certain feminism -- Resident Evil : Apocalypse is content to stick to big guns and basics .
There is nothing startlingly new in Resident Evil : Apocalpyse , but it is delivered with some panache and humor .
Should please the target audience .
Apocalypse is cheap , incoherent and remarkably free of the kind of gore you 'd expect to find in this kind of movie .
A movie geared exclusively to the atavistic fantasies of a 15-year-old male gamer .
An unwanted , unnecessary and nearly unwatchable sequel to a movie that did n't deliver the goods in the first place .
There is no acting or character development here -- just shouting , shooting and calisthenics .
It 's okay but just slightly catatonic .
It is , admittedly , pure trash . But it 's trash with a bit of flash and a resonant bad science message .
Resident Evil : Apocalypse may offer a few cheap thrills , but the question remains : Why let some hack filmmaker control the action when you can stay home and play the video game yourself ?
A film without interest , wit , imagination or even entertaining violence and special effects .
Superior to the original film .
Like so many movies with a keypad for a brain , Resident Evil : Apocalypse is another exercise in making us feel the irritation associated with having to stand behind some game hack for our turn to play .
The zombies have been replaced as a threat by a hulking mutant who looks like the love child of the feuding monsters in ` Alien vs. Predator . '
I suppose if you keep Milla dressed up with a hot outfits and a shotgun , the audience will keep coming
Amusant , pour peu que nos attentes tiennent compte des limites de ce genre de film .
Not ingenious by any stretch - the dialogue has moments of being undercooked and times where it 's pared too close to the bone to leave more room for action .
Like a cinematic Twinkie , enjoyably diverting enough to sustain some action film fans until something more fulfilling comes along .
Those in charge looked at the earlier film and decided ... that there was just too darn much plot . So this time it 's just one tedious mutant smackdown after another
The movie reflects superficial elements of the games without going near the reasons for the games ' true appeal .
I do n't think there 's such a thing as a vegetarian zombie . Or a vegan zombie . Or a fruitarian zombie .
Okay , it ai n't Shakespeare , not to mention Romero ; but did we really need a scene in which a cop BUNGEE-JUMPS from a helicopter , both guns blazing ?
-LSB- I -RSB- f you 're looking for logic , abandon all hope . This is a movie where the dead come back to life as zombies and our heroes decide to take a shortcut through a cemetery .
Most of the zombie footage looks like outtakes from Michael Jackson 's Thriller video - minus the rhythm
I liked the first movie , but please , let the game be over before it gets any stupider .
Witt ca n't even match Anderson 's tremendously limited range , and uses `` Apocalypse '' as his calling card for a future career that should never come to fruition at any costs .
One big , stinking bomb ... a drearily repetitive collection of tepid battle scenes , thrown together with little skill and less imagination .
Creatively bankrupt trash made by a committee of hacks who do n't know the first thing about generating suspense , frights , or cohesive storytelling .
In an era of resurgent zombie-flick creativity -LRB- 28 Days Later , Dawn of the Dead -RRB- , this leaden mindlessness is nothing short of pathetic .
... one of the most annoying , redundant and uninteresting movies of the year .
Loud and stupid ... movie about the undead should appeal only to the brain dead .
Lives up -LRB- or down -RRB- to every possible expectation and is possibly the best trashy movie since ... well , since the original ` Resident Evil ' .
With apologies to Joe Bob ... Countless dead bodies . Six breasts...Beer-swilling cowboy zombie-sniper . Demon dogs ... Gratuitous accents ... Graveyard Fu ...
Witt injects the film with plenty of razzle-dazzle on the visual side , but the pace deadens whenever the zombies are offscreen or the characters open their mouths long enough to do anything more than grunt .
There are a lot of `` ewwwwww '' moments .
Resident Evil : Apocalypse is the kind of movie that causes you to drink tequila until every brain cell in your head responsible for remembering the film is dead .
Plot and narrative ? Minimal . Confrontations ? Endless . Surprises ? None .
Shines in comparison to other entries in the lamest current genre of film : videogame-based movies .
No one looking for nonstop violence , galloping gore , end-of - days-style hysteria or dogs slathered in barbecue sauce will come away disappointed .
If you are in the mood for leggy heroines blasting down zombie armies with absurdly large automatic weapons , the sequel to Resident Evil gives very good value for the money .
For a brand-new movie , it feels very dated .
Lightweight action entertainment .
Calamitously uninspired and borderline incoherent .
If creative bankruptcy was legally actionable , this film would be in Chapter 11 .
A frantic piece of filmmaking that invests nothing in the characters and moves much too fast for its own good .
As video game movies go , this one contains less plot and character development than Pac-Man .


@highlight

Resident Evil : Apocalypse has lots of action , but not much in terms of plot or creativity .