... the result is pretty hilarious . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
MacFarlane shows himself to be a capable live action director .
There are glimpses of hilarity in there some of the jokes connect hard and there are some seriously awesome cameos , but it 's just not enough to carry the entire film which plays more like a bunch of poorly connected , very funny skits than a cohesive film
Ted is , at heart , a relatively simple and predictable romantic comedy/buddy movie but it 's much more than the extended single-gag it could so easily have been .
The movie is hilarious in fits and starts , but nothing is sustained and every joke , funny or not , is delivered with the dial up to 11 .
Very funny until all of the sudden it 's not anymore .
A surprisingly funny and crude comedy about a man 's relationship with a talking teddy bear .
It is a film that seems to have an endless middle .
Soulless , angry-white-guy comedy at its worst . This is a smug , nasty little number .
I was expecting something more than repetitive jokes , incessant pop culture references and rampant misogyny .
Hit and miss humour with problematic undertones buoyed by an intriguing premise and appealing performances from the film 's human cast .
A refreshingly original idea backed by excellent performances and terrifically funny writing .
The creator of TV 's `` Family Guy '' directs his first live-action movie-in which he gets to say and do all the profane , politically incorrect and just plain gross things he ca n't say or do on television . And a lot of it is pretty funny .
MacFarlane is reduced to making increasingly laboured references to the 1980s .
Those who detest Family Guy will not be converted but fans will surely lap up a film that - whilst sometimes flawed - is rude , crude and often very funny .
Ted presents plenty of fresh laughs and , from time to time , heart/stuffing-warming character moments .
A film with Ted 's ingredients should have you stone-drunk on laughter but this film is the comedic equivalent of pissed-in light beer : its 2.5 % funny .
Like Family Guy , Ted 's obsession with fame , celebrity and brainless sight gags means it 's content being merely funny now but forgettable in the long term .
I enjoyed and laughed at Ted , but I ca n't say I liked it ; MacFarlane lacks focus , the jokes are occasionally offensive , and though the movie has heart , it bungles whatever message it 's trying to get across .
Feel free to tell me to lighten up and get a sense of humour , but it 's also worth asking whether it 's humour that really drives Ted 's nasty streak .
`` Ted '' is what happens when you give the creator of `` Family Guy '' the freedom of an R-rating and a big budget - and the final product is nothing short of raunchy , comedy gold .
The laughs are mountainously massive .
A lot of comic effort is smothered in conventional wrapping .
If you 've ever put a Twisted Sister cassette into a Teddy Ruxpin or wished you could have , this movie is for you .
Raunchy , intentionally offensive and full of warm fuzzies -LRB- including its title character -RRB- , ` Ted ' is one of the funniest movies for grownups that 's come along in years .
With Ted , MacFarlane has produced a genuinely laugh-a-minute yarn which warms the heart and tickles the funny bone into hysterical submission .
If you 're fundamentally put off by MacFarlane 's brand of comedy , Ted 's cruder elements may well prove too irksome , but this film does have a sweetness at its heart that is pleasantly unexpected , even if it does follow an extremely predictable plot .
there is a sophisticated social satire at work that is so finely wrought that though it might appear as the very thing it is skewering , there is something much more subtle and much more potent going on .
Ted gives a rude , irreverent and , in places , very funny new spin to the buddy comedy genre .
At times I laughed so hard I thought I would bust a capillary somewhere .
Hit and miss humour with problematic undertones buoyed by an intriguing premise and appealing performances from the film 's human cast .
In effect we can read Ted as not merely a comedy of growing up , or refusing to move on from adolescence , but as a psychological fable about the continuing struggle to become a mature person .
There 's just enough mileage in the gag to keep the movie spluttering through an energetic series of pop-cultural references and broadly staged orgies of profanity .
Laughter does n't lie . I loved Ted and found it irresistibly funny and hugely enjoyable .
There 's something quite wonderful about having a bear that is this free to speak its mind .
Ted has nothing much to offer in terms of subtlety and sensitivity , but there are plenty of laughs .
If you 're in the mood for something raucous , rude and very silly , Ted should keep you entertained . Just be warned : Toy Story it ` aint .
The film will probably be funnier if you go with a beer , a friend or perhaps - who knows ? - your own dissolute soft toy companion .
Less a movie , more a ragbag of 80 's pop cultural references hung on a storyline .
Underneath the fur-ious comedy of Ted is the standard skeleton of a traditional rom-com complete with a conservative ending . Ted does not really work as a fully rounded film but feels more like three episodes of a sitcom strung together .
Enjoyable slacker comedy with likeable characters , a steady stream of decent gags and strong performances from a superb comic cast ...
-LSB- W -RSB- orks so well not just because the entire story so casually accepts the reality of a living teddy bear ... but because Wahlberg is so wholly dedicated to ... emotional authenticity ...
This is ersatz subversion for an audience secretly terrified of the real thing .
Voiced by MacFarlane , you could argue that Ted is just Family Guy 's hooched-up pooch Brian with more fur and less class . Maybe so , but he 's still a riot .
Only a protracted fight between the titular fuzzball and a well-cast Mark Wahlberg begins to tap into the absurd potential of the concept .
Sure , MacFarlane , you can make us laugh , but it 's time to grow up . Seriously .
The bear done good .
The bottom line is that I laughed and did n't feel guilty about it .
Crass , supremely silly and very , very funny , Ted is the comedy of the summer .
... just misses being a real classic ...
If you 're easily offended , then give it a miss . But you will be overlooking this summer 's biggest comedy hit , which has many hilarious moments .
Ted is dispiriting because it has no faith in us and no ambition for itself .
A pet project padded out to feature-length , bromance-meets-romance predictability . The story beats are so obvious they seem tapped out on a telegraph . If you want to see a Boston bruin who was truly interesting , watch a documentary about Bobby Orr .
A fabulous first live-action effort , combining R-rated hilarity with skilled storytelling as it slips some real heart into the stuffing of a toy bear .
An ugly-looking film , with the expected ugly jokes and extended pop-culture riffs , but , like the similarly scattershot ` Family Guy , ' its holds your interest even as it annoys .
With its magnificently rich score , flawless use of CG , heartfelt sucker punch neatly tucked away at its core , and endless barrage of references and foul mouthed and vulgar humor , `` Ted '' gives `` 21 Jump Street '' a run for the funniest R-rated comedy of 2012 .
Tami-Lyn , the little boy 's dream girl who is so easy to mock , despise , and dismiss , is Ted 's least imaginative take on magic .
One of the comedies of the year .
It 's two hours of sheer blissful nonsense ...
I think `` Ted '' is freakin ' hilarious . Your mileage may vary .
Everything about this film feels like a pretty good reworking of ` The Family Guy . ' Unfortunately the last quarter of the film forgets it is a comedy .
Funniest film of the year so far ? Yes . Has it had much mainstream competition for that title ? No .
The comedy surprise so far of the year .
Surprisingly sentimental , superior stoner comedy .
It left me fantasising of ways to go back in time , Lost style , and keeping Family Guy from ever returning to screens and kicking off this terrible chain of events .
mostly content to fling what it can at the screen-whether it be crass or sentimental-and be fine with whatever sticks
The best stuff is in the trailer but there were still many moments that left me laughing openly .
Ted is as far from its precursor Alf as Texas Chain Saw Massacre is from The Sound of Music .
Ted is , in the end , a terminally uneven and barely-passable debut from MacFarlane that , when compared to his superior work in television , ca n't help but come off as a serious disappointment .
The shock value of seeing a big fluffy teddy bear cursing and getting high ... -LSB- provides -RSB- most of the comedy , while the startlingly easy rapport that Whalberg and a CGI effect share provides the warmth .
Gives the usual R-rated raunchiness featuring men and boys behaving badly a magical twist .
Make this bear a necessity ... oh man that was terrible . I 'm actually very sorry I wrote that .
Fluctuating between crass and sentimental without being particularly impressive at either , Ted wears out its welcome very , very fast .
The irony is that , at least for the time being , if you want to see Seth MacFarlane at the top of his game , you 'll have to turn on a TV
Plying his trade in pop culture references and surprising punchlines , MacFarlane jumps the adult-oriented comedy bandwagon with a film that 's smarter and funnier than most
What interests MacFarlane is the business of funny , and a talking teddy bear -LRB- particularly one with a healthy sex drive -RRB- is pretty funny .
Rude as hell , funny as hell ... While merrily delivering all the coarse anti-PC humour the Family Guy fanbase have a right to expect , the best thing about Ted is also its biggest surprise - it has real heart .
A movie about a come to life foul mouthed teddy bear is not my idea of entertainment
Sorry , but I could bearly stomach Ted . Give me a good gross-out comedy any old day , but this one ai n't funny .
Amusing , irreverent , outrageous - the weirdest , funniest movie I 've seen in a long time
Ted is raunchy and funny as you might expect but it 's also surprisingly sweet natured . Quite a fun and satisfying first feature from MacFarlane .
Does well for a film built on a thin plot and an outlandish premise but it works well and it 's good to see MacFarlane take his first steps into filmmaking .
Wahlberg once again shows a knack for comic timing , especially in his scenes with the CGI bear .
... One of the funniest movies I 've ever seen .
The crazy gags deliver the promised laughs , but even crazier is , by the end , how much affection one feels for this most unconventional family .
I 'm taking over for Macklin -- he ca n't handle the truth about bears . But I can . I 'm a bear named Teddy . So this review of Ted is a peer review . Ted is n't a teddy bear 's picnic . It 's a raunchy blast .
When Ted is n't funny , it is n't much of anything . It 's the sip of water a stand-up comedian takes between jokes , leaving the audience to twiddle their thumbs as they wait for the next one .
Low brow , silly and utterly predictable , Ted is still the funniest movie of the summer so far .
MacFarlane , whose Ted sounds a lot like Peter Griffin on his show Family Guy , also co-wrote and directed Ted , so expect a lot of pop-culture references and random gags . Some of them hit , some do n't .
The script has a hit-and-miss irreverence that relies too heavily on its central gimmick .
Who would think a teddy bear would shine in this Summer 's comedies ?
`` Family Guy '' - originator Seth McFarlane stacks his romantic-comedy deck by repurposing his popular animated television series ' brand of irreverent humor .
Works better than it has any right to
MacFarlane throws everything against the wall to get a laugh or two , but most of the bits fail to stick .
Just as he has done for cartoons , Family Guy mastermind Seth MacFarlane has made what could have been a children 's story safe for raunch .
A clever and outrageous comedy that hits far more than it misses .
I 'm more impressed with the comparatively low-tech look of Ted than the been-there-done-that razzle dazzle of The Amazing Spider-Man -- a declaration that might make some wonder if I 've spent too much time myself on the couch with the bong-banging bear .
There are so many things that Ted gets right that the things it gets wrong are baffling .
Everything goes on too long -- Ted 's carousing , Lori 's watchful waiting , John 's wistful indecision .
It 's not quite as funny as I hoped , but if you 're ready to leave commonsense at the door and enjoy some good-hearted nonsense , there 's fun to be had with Ted
The plot is so cliched that it practically becomes a parody within itself , complete with obvious musical cues and convenient plot twists . I 'm sure this was all intentional , and it works as both an homage and satire of buddy , romantic/comedies .
... a riot , a wholly realized concept from a man who makes his living via a trademark ADD-addled approach .
One of the funniest movies of 2012 .
There are so many things that Ted gets right that the things it gets wrong are baffling .
Ted '' is boorish , ridiculous and offensive . It also is refreshingly unapologetic . That alone makes it worth seeing .
It 's like watching a cleverly subversive , inspired and hilarious opening act followed by a very weak , uninspired , and repetitious main act . If you 've seen the trailer , you 've seen most of the funny scenes already .
Do you like to laugh ? Go see Ted .
Very funny and almost entirely inconsequential ,
MacFarlane knows American pop culture and , when at his best , he uses it in a critical way that is hilarious .
Laugh-out-loud movie moments are hard to come by . Seth MacFarlane 's crudely funny Ted provides several .
It 's a goofy premise pursued with crass -- as well as sentimental -- relish .
Seth MacFarlane puts the `` R '' in Toys R Us with Ted , the not-so-tender story of a fuzzy-wuzzy teddy bear and the man-child who loves him .
An over-the-top comedy with genuine heart . As ridiculous and as silly as Ted 's three characters are , they actually care for one another , and their bond comes through .
If you 're expecting a live-action Family Guy , you 'll be somewhat disappointed ...
You 'll feel the warmth and camaraderie of a Bostonian and his little sentient bear .
Not just a potty-mouthed retread of The Muppets , but a highly watchable , even affecting buddy picture in its own right .
TV is so confining . Words beginning in `` F '' ca n't be used , naked women and sex are taboo . Like his counterparts , Seth MacFarlane found a move to the movies irresistible .
The scattered adventures of a talking teddy bear and his best bud .
I tried to resist but could n't .
When Sacha Baron Cohen goes over the top with his brand of boundary-pushing offensive humor , it 's because he 's pointing out hypocrisy . When MacFarlane goes over the top , he 's just laughing at people for being who they are . There 's a difference .
I ca n't deny that MacFarlane mined a number of big laughs out of what would seem to be a one-joke premise .
By the third act , the thin premise collapses and the film runs out of steam , bringing in jarring elements that do n't work with a light Peter Pan comedy/fantasty .
The idea of a toy that comes to life - and then wo n't go away - is n't a bad one . Too bad that `` Ted '' manages to overstay its welcome without ever really coming to life itself .
Perhaps if saddled with a lower MPAA rating , the filmmaker might have been forced to resort to greater and more effective creativity . -LRB- Full Content Parental Review also available -RRB-
To his credit , MacFarlane earns his laughs here , making an effort to write jokes that would be funny even if they were n't being delivered by a talking teddy bear .
Outrageously funny from beginning to end , `` TED '' could only come from the mind of `` Family Guy '' creator MacFarlane .
Promises to be one of the most original , twisted and outrageous comedies of the year , and succeeds 75 % of the time .
Ted is worth seeing , but it 's not quite the water cooler flick it aspires to be . Or maybe it was months ago as a trailer .
The writing is fabulously rude , sexist , racist and funny , and everyone in Ted seems to be having a very good time .
As unabashedly idiotic movie comedies go , Ted goes fairly well .
`` Ted '' is so lazy you want to kick the stuffing out of it .
Underneath the matted fur of the movie 's foul-mouthed bear beats a very real heart .
The plot is simply a shaky frame on which to hang drug and sex jokes and numerous pop-culture references .
I expected `` Ted '' to be a one-joke movie , but it 's got ideas spilling out of its seams .
What began as a promising , if unhinged , experiment in suspending disbelief starts to feel like `` You , Me and Dupree '' for plushies .
MacFarlane shows he 's going to be just as popular a filmmaker as he is at TV animation . Lord help us all .
Ted offers the low comedy and raunch that made movies like The Hangover a hit , but do n't be fooled . It 's a lot smarter than that ...
Fans of the MacFarlane oeuvre will be tickled ; everyone else would be advised to sample Family Guy , among other shows , to see if they really , really need to see his sensibility - with curse words included .
For all its raunchy and iffy humor , the film is surprisingly sweet , too .
If you do n't take it seriously , ` Ted ' is hilarious at times , obnoxious too often and alternating between being mind-numbingly stupid or brilliant .
This reminds me of the time I made a disappointing movie about a talking teddy bear where I recycled all the `` Family Guy '' jokes I could n't get past the censors ...
For a summer comedy that name-drops the Adam Sandler vehicle `` Jack and Jill '' before destroying it in a single sentence , it 's amazing how many of the same traps `` Ted '' falls into
It 's so wrong . But it 's very funny .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- such a solid , confident debut that you have to wonder why it took -LSB- MacFarlane -RSB- so long to make the jump in the first place .
Ted , which was conceived as an animated series , suffers the flaws of Family Guy without sharing its strangeness .
Not going to lie . I kind of want my own talking teddy bear . But only if he guzzles beer , tells excessively dirty jokes , can drive and wants to be my best friend forever .
In a universe of Hollywood comedies that seem determined to insult the audience and pander to the basest form of post-adolescent fantasy , `` Ted '' feels almost sophisticated .
The natural interactions between Ted and his beloved man-child owner , John , terrifically played as an adult by Mark Wahlberg , are more often than not ridiculously funny .
Ted 's real trick is turning a one-joke premise into a reasonable facsimile of a movie , and one that is n't entirely bent on grossing us out .
It is funny to watch a teddy bear wail on Mark Wahlberg . But afterward , I mostly felt beat up .
For all of its transgressive plush-toy sex and screw - 'em humor , the plot is pretty standard stuff .
Ted is , no matter how you stuff it , yet another man-child buddy movie -- and all that that implies .
If you yearn to be treated like an eight-year-old , this R-rated kids movie for adults-the very opposite of Judd Apatow 's wave of `` time to grow up '' comedies - is all yours .
A pot-smoking , womanizing , wisecracking , profanity-spewing teddy bear is , as you might figure , good for a lot of laughs . Trouble is , the rest of ` Ted ' is pretty listless .
To fully appreciate `` Ted , '' it 's best to simply forgive its bad behavior upfront and save any apologies for liking it until later . Sorry .
This is not a comedy for anyone who might be turned off by humor that plays a little loose with race , sex , and any other subjects that may be considered taboo . Honestly , if you use the word `` taboo , '' do n't see Ted .
`` Ted '' may not be profound or deft , but when it hits the sweet-sour spot , which it does regularly , it can win you over .
In `` Ted , '' Seth MacFarlane becomes the latest comic brain to take on the popular subject of the adult male who refuses to grow up .
I 'm betting on Mark Wahlberg for best actor when the Oscars swing around next year .
Welcome to the funniest comedy of 2012 .
Has a few genuinely funny moments , but on the whole it 's repetitive and stale .
Not every joke scores , of course . But the hits are worth the misses , and anyway , the movie 's true genius is in the way its outlandish scenario is played so perfectly straight .
Visionary artist MacFarlane makes smooth transition from animated TV to the big screen with this comedy-fable , which is slender in ideas but is charming and quite funny .
One of the year 's funniest movies and certainly its most flatulent .
Ted contains 12-15 minutes of the some of the best comedy I 've seen in a movie this year . Now see if you can stand the other 90 .
You can overlook an awful lot in a comedy when it makes you laugh .
Co-writer-director McFarlane is a funny guy , but his barbed humor here rests on the same generic , boy-meets-girl , bed-of-roses conceit as too many romantic comedies to count .
Like `` Family Guy , '' `` Ted '' is only about its own hyperlinked pop culture references .
MacFarlane has definitely made the best leap from animated television to movies since 1999 ′ s South Park : Bigger Longer & Uncut .
Ted is essentially a one-joke movie . Okay , it 's a very funny joke , but it 's still only one joke .
Mostly hysterical , even if it falters a bit towards the end . A sure-fire stoner classic .
You will believe a teddy bear is alive .
Seth MacFarlane 's debut as a feature director hits all the sweet spots that irritate prudes . Ted is hysterically , gut-bustingly funny .
Ted finds a surprising range of off-color vowel sounds in its potentially one-note gag .
This comedy of a boy and his talking bear - which plays like a long episode of `` Family Guy '' - is basically like watching Seth MacFarlane and Mark Wahlberg hanging out . Happily they 're both pretty funny .
Avoids pitch-black comedy , selecting a more rascally tone that toys with Boston brute behaviors -LRB- served with wicked good accents -RRB- and the undeniable magic of a bong-sucking teddy bear that has sex with women .
This is exactly the same plot as The Muppets , in which Jason Segel was forced to choose between Amy Adams and Kermit the Frog .
Pretty funny , pretty racist .
The sin of `` Ted '' is not that it is offensive but that it is boring , lazy and wildly unoriginal . If Triumph the Insult Comic Dog ever got a hold of Ted , there would be nothing left but a pile of fluff and a few scraps of fur .
Some of this is undeniably funny , but the humor is very hit-or-miss .
A crass , foul-mouthed , mostly hilarious , surprisingly sentimental bromance about a grown boy named John and his teddy bear .
You know what 's funny ? Seth `` Family Guy '' MacFarlane making fun of Adam Sandler movies . F-Bombs , lame celebrity cameos , gay jokes , drug jokes . Take away the animation and MacFarlane IS Adam Sandler .
An incongruously cute interspecies buddy comedy that 's powered alternately by the pixie dust of boyhood imagination and the ruder , cruder urges of adolescence .
The plot of `` Ted '' is fairly standard but greatly embellished by MacFarlane 's ability to establish comic situations and keep them building .
The film has one of the most bizarre dick joke to earnestness ratios ever , but strangely it all works and is , most importantly , hilarious .
The stuff that sticks to the wall is so outrageously hilarious that it 's ultimately worth enduring the film 's lackadaisical pacing and lazy misogyny .
Even though a lot of the movie is grating dumb-assery , it 's something to behold . Stuffed with crap , but something .
The one-note joke plays out longer and better than you might expect , at least for a while . But not forever .
Ted 's extraordinary design and good cheer -LSB- makes this -RSB- a comedy I find more than bearable .
A guilty pleasure - devilishly wrong and yet , oh so right .
Will it make you wince with embarrassment ? That 's a promise . Will you also laugh ? In double-time , like a Rockette .
... while the movie has a dirty mouth , it 's got a sweet heart , and it suggests to me that MacFarlane 's signature interests are tempered by a new maturity to his work .
Seth MacFarlane 's comedic modus operandi is to shock with outrageousness and pander with TV and movie citations via one non sequitur after another , a strategy that leads to a few laughs but nothing approaching lasting humor .
Pop culture reference heaven . I have n't laughed this hard at a movie in a while . It 's the funniest movie of the year so far . I 'm happy to see Seth MacFarlane take such a great first step on the big screen . You saved every one of us !
It 's a hilarious film that gets a little slow towards the end simply because it has to tell a real story . It gets even funnier with a couple gut-punches at the end . It 's hysterical and the funniest movie I 've seen so far this year .
Ted ends up undermining both halves of its whole , as well as its creator 's clear intent to add something a little deeper to his crassness .
Anyone over 15 ... might sit in the theater in stony silence .
... it does serve up a pretty jaw-dropping array of remarkably crude , nasty , and at times pretty gut-busting jokes .
A furiously-paced comedy that goes where none has gone before .
This is n't a sensitive grown man/stuffed animal story like The Beaver , which starred a mental Mel Gibson and a hand-puppet -- Ted sets a raucous R-rated comedy gold standard
Ted takes the classic mold of a '50s comedy and stuffs it full of MacFarlane 's signature foul-mouthed humor . The result is sweet , sick and satisfyingly simple .
If you love Family Guy and worship at the alter of McFarlane you will absolutely adore Ted . It 's ridiculous , inappropriate , hilarious , nostalgic , geek heroin .
Much of the material works because the bear has someone to bounce off of ; Wahlberg does his best work in situations like this , where he 's playing it totally straight in a setting that 's totally silly .
The movie 's stuffing of creative smarts is still inert .
Ted is an entertaining film sure to please MacFarlane 's fans and may even win over a few detractors as well .
A no-brainer for anyone who appreciates Seth McFarlane 's brand of humor but also for anyone just looking for solid unadulterated laughs which it delivers in spades .
A film about the importance of putting away childish things , `` Ted '' is itself an immature comedy that boasts a clever premise but a rather sour spirit .
-LSB- A -RSB- predictably irreverent satire that 's sweeter and , sadly , less funny than you might expect .
Ted is , hands down , the best comedy of the year so far .
Not too many films serve up laughs that just keep on rolling with regularity from beginning to end , but Seth MacFarlane 's directorial debut does so and without any feeling of strain .

@highlight

Ted 's `` romance versus bromance '' plot is familiar , but the film 's held aloft by the high-concept central premise and a very funny -LRB- albeit inconsistent -RRB- script .