How long can writer Nicholas Sparks trade off his iconic blub-fest The Notebook ?
If you 're a fan of Sparks , and like-minded feel-good romantic dramas , Safe Haven will deliver what you know and love ; everyone else should be well warned by now .
A movie whose punch line is so delightfully absurd that even after you pretty much know what 's coming you spit out your Pepsi anyway .
All the usual romance and idyllic locations-and-vengeful-violent-ex-husband , up until the weirdest , most out-of-nowhere plot twist ever .
few will leave the cinema feeling they 've seen something original or affecting
While a predictable chick flick , Safe Haven is never dull . It 's not particularly good , either .
... the feel-good finale is unable to pack the emotional punch that Hallstrom is obviously striving for ...
A wholly inert lump of by-the-numbers syrup that 's as boring as it is pointless .
This latest Sparks adaptation should please audiences seeking wish-fulfillment romantic fantasy ; the new love depicted here is so pure and true it even receives supernatural endorsement .
Sparks ' field may be fertile , but it 's also rich in manure .
Expect to gag early and often , and consider breaking up with anyone who forces you to sit through this .
A bland love story that features a twist that feels more like a dupe .
It 's typical comfort food filmmaking and that 's exactly what Safe Haven is : a mouthful of cotton candy . Empty , overly sweet , and likely to kill you from diabetes .
I do n't know when has the sexy south has ever looked dry .
Safe Haven may be predictable and formulaic , but Hallström gives the proceedings a cosy glow and there are a couple of twists before the end : one blindingly obvious , the other blindingly dumb .
The surprise ending will probably cause you to regurgitate your popcorn .
Keeping up with the movie 's inane plot twists makes for a capricious good time , but an unimaginative denouement turns the whole thing into a fool 's errand .
... my movie-cry meter is more often pushed into the red by war horses and estranged mixed martial arts brothers battling each other in common resentment of an alcoholic Nick Nolte than it is by revelatory love letters . Your mileage will vary .
It 's beyond laughable ...
An almost unendurably sentimental tale ...
Nicholas Sparks strikes again with yet another film based on a misty-eyed novel about tormented seaside romance in the romanticised American South .
To this writer , it suggests one of those evasive US TV commercials for incontinence treatments or rheumatism therapies .
Unfortunately Hough is not really up to the part and Duhamel is n't much better than a nice-looking block of wood .
There 's a good twist , the young leads are appealing and anyone who enjoys Sparks ' sincere storytelling will enjoy it , even though it 's overlong .
You can always rely on novelist Nicholas Sparks to bring you a comforting romance between good-looking people .
A cliched romantic thriller by numbers .
This romantic film has a few too many creepy elements in it . Granted , the creepy elements are n't as creepy as those in the popular ` Twilight ' series , but they are creepy enough to upset the whole mood of the movie .
As ever with a Sparks story , the action takes place in a sugary vision of small-town America that does not correspond with the real world at any point .
Almost nothing happens for long stretches before a plot `` twist '' so obvious that only the dull-witted could fail to see it coming .
I like to imagine that Nicholas Sparks realized he could n't write yet another prequel story about how the people whose photos come with the picture frames fell in love . So he figured he 'd try a thriller !
Watchable , beautifully shot and nicely paced Nicholas Sparks romance , enlivened by strong performances and a decent amount of chemistry between the two leads , though the script takes a nosedive into unintentionally hilarious territory in the final act .
The very definition of a stinker .
The initial air of mystery dissipates like a fart in a lift that everyone should be too embarrassed to acknowledge .
It 's compelling stuff , for all the wrong reasons . and reaches a barking apex of doolally tapness when one of the minor characters reveals herself to be a charitable ghost .
The plot holes are so big that you can drive a bus through them and you 'll come out of the cinema asking ` But why did n't ... ? ' about many things .
-LSB- The -RSB- final reel ... descends into the Vortex of Bonkers , delivering fits of unexpected laughter .
Sudsily romantic , sometimes unintentionally hilarious , and bound to be a hit .
Hallström is an old pro at navigating this kind of undemandingly dramatic yarn and does a pretty fine job with Sparks ' story .
The whole film is mild until the end . You wo n't believe it , but it 's also not worth believing .
This one is pure Nicolas Sparks and for his millions of fans that is more than enough .
Lasse Hallstrom directed . I can only hope he did it for the money .
Moves along at the pace of a leisurely paddled canoe , until the big , explosive , action-y roll-call finale of everything and everyone , in one place , at one time , plus fireworks .
Plods along with dialogue just above the level of crayon scribblings , and the direction by the usually reliable Lasse Hallström is dismayingly sluggish .
Safe Haven is a blandly ` vanilla ' film ; attractively shot in picturesque locations , peppered with recognizable if unexciting faces , and delivering a simplistic homily about love conquering all that only a teenage girl could love .
It 's hard to imagine a blander duo than Hough and Josh Duhamel as they knock awkwardly against one another in their painfully telegraphed love scenes , and a third-act twist is unintentionally hilarious .
The real problem though ... is the ending . The laughs during the preview screening and the post-film discussions with friends in foyer confirmed I was not alone with my thinking .
... another slick and calculated beachfront love story that should please Sparks ' legions of indiscriminate fans while making even casual cynics cringe .
See it if you love this kind of paint-by-numbers Hallmark romance that ranges from the dull to the ridiculous . But please , do n't drag your significant other with you to it .
From author/producer Nicholas Sparks , the cornball master who gave this generation its Love Story with The Notebook , comes another full-bodied , four-course serving of perfectly prepared romantic mush .
Audiences will leave with tears in their eyes , believing in the power of true love . Or , in the alternative , trying not to slip on the schmaltz left as residue from the movie .
Their love story has a mellow ease -- as neither of them has much of a personality , we 're just watching two swell people decide to bone
The Nicholas Sparks novel inspired movie is neither inspired nor novel . For those who love this stuff , your sugary treat awaits .
Does Sparks have to treat people like total idiots ... ? ... -LSB- A -RSB- soulless-cash-grab .
Sappy and tear-stained , it 's filled with the sentimental schmaltz that characterizes the appeal of this kind of chick-flick .
Did I really just grade this a half-point better than `` Die Hard 5 '' ? Excuse me while I puke .
Is Safe Haven a good movie ? N. Will you take your girlfriend to see it anyway ? Yep . So enjoy the good moments and try not to laugh outloud during the rest .
It 's as though the filmmakers lacked the confidence to stick with the basic story , which served every element needed in a Sparks-infused guilty pleasure .
There is a bit of a surprise at the end , which I wo n't reveal , but it 's just not enough to save this schmaltz .
`` Safe Haven '' has a good directorship pedigree in Lasse Hallstrom . But you can only do so much with a Nicholas Sparks-based premise .
Do n't let your mind ask questions when you 're watching Safe Haven . You 'll enjoy the movie better if you do n't .
We genuinely like watching Hough and Duhamel circling around one another , and the movie has a nice sense of place . That all eventually vanishes with a doozy of a third act .
-LRB- The twist -RRB- is so incredibly baffling and profoundly stupid that it will make you want to punch the movie in the face .
Couples could do a lot worse on Valentine 's Day than seeing this romantic drama which , although springing from the same author , is far less bathetic than the popular The Notebook .
The groan-worthy denouement washes Haven out into a sudsy sea of shameless melodrama .
On its own merits , Safe Haven is about as satisfying and filling as a Valentine 's Day conversation heart , with far less to say .
The latest Nicholas Sparks-derived weepfest , Safe Haven , is being marketed as a Valentine 's Day special , but the plot line is closer to a stalker thriller . It 's sudsy-scary . It 's also not very good .
Hallström has made a deal with the devil . Worse . Hallström has made a deal with Hallmark -- metaphorically speaking -- with his latest film , Safe Haven .
It heralds a note of spirituality that would be about the darnedest thing ever if it did n't feel borrowed from another movie that knocked us sideways with a similar shocker .
Although Safe Haven is guilty of following the cookie-cutter tropes of pretty much every Sparks adaptation out there , there 's something decidedly insignificant about this particular love story .
Safe Haven is nothing more than a rip-off of Sleeping With The Enemy , and it strands its strong cast in a story that is manipulative , convoluted and unintentionally hilarious .
If Nicholas Sparks ' name is enough to get you to pay to see a movie , Safe Haven probably wo n't disappoint , but if you 're allergic to his patented brand of tear-jerking stay far , far away .
Sure , Sparks is a known for recycling material , but Hallström and scripters Leslie Bohem and Dana Stevens really push the limit by poaching the iconic canoe-in-a-rainstorm scene from The Notebook .
Whilst developments are telegraphed well in advance , a late revelation proves too ridiculous to stomach even within the melodramatic confines , consigning otherwise average escapism to the realm of the bewildering and bland .
Will there ever be a good movie based on a novel by Nicholas Sparks ?
This year 's Nicholas Sparks ' movie , Lasse Hallstrom 's ` Safe Haven ' arrives in time for Valentine 's Day , and if your boyfriend lets you talk him into seeing this , he 's a keeper , ladies .
Predictable romantic drama deals with pretty heavy themes .
It 's insulting on multiple levels . But it sure is ` nice . '
Hough does n't stand a chance against shoddy pacing , horrific editing , and plot direction disastrous enough to make your toes curl .
Hough emits all the charisma of a personal assistant ...
I hate Safe Haven . It 's a terrible thing to do to your Valentine .
Are you ready for a legendary love story to warm the cockles of your heart on Valentine 's Day and redefine what love means in the 21st Century ? Would you settle for Safe Haven ?
Why make a movie when making a Hallmark-card-with-dialogue is so much less risky ?
Apologies to Hallstrom , but an adaptation of a Sparks novel always ends up being a Sparks movie .
Lasse Hallstrom 's new film does exactly what an adaptation should : It turns the original material 's greatest flaws into assets .
The problem with the romantic `` Safe Haven '' is n't that it plays it safe , but that it plays it cheap . It 's also about 10 minutes too long . And there 's a final twist that , well , if you have any popcorn left by the scene , you 'll want to throw it at the screen .
Like its equally weepy predecessors , it 's a pretty-looking , wonderfully facile bit of emotional froth that 's likely to clean up at the box office .
`` Safe Haven '' is one of those Valentine 's Day confections that satisfy your sweet tooth until you get to their weird , off-putting center .
Safe Haven does n't have a whole lot to offer , with a plot so familiar and stars so uninterested in each other , and its resolution only undermines what it 's truly best at being -- a cheap North Carolina vacation .
The novels by Nicholas Sparks ' have finally been redeemed .
The theatre will be so fertile with romance that it could pollinate a bouquet of roses .
The film is for the most part an exhausting slog through clichéd characters and formulaic writing that is near impossible to take at all seriously .
There 's the bones of a good story here ; it just needed a different cast and crew to find it .
Routine thriller which begs the audience not to pay close attention , except to the pretty pictures and bland leads .
There 's some theoretical appeal to the story of two emotionally damaged people learning to love again -- `` theoretical '' because the film needs better actors than Hough and Duhamel , and richer conversation than a shared enthusiasm for kale .
The best thing that can be said about `` Safe Haven '' is there is a cute romance in there somewhere .
A cinematic valentine you 'll be reasonably content to watch on a flight in a year or so .
Plays like a sanitized remake of `` Sleeping with the Enemy , '' right down to an over-the-top climax set during a fireworks display .
-LSB- T -RSB- hese adaptations of Nicholas Sparks ' books ... have so many repeated motifs and scenarios that it 's already becoming difficult to differentiate them .
Pulls out one of the most idiotic twist endings ever , setting it apart from other Sparks movies in the worst way possible .
This is the anti-Notebook , a film that shares only the author in common with that romantic tale .
Decent in some parts and downright bad to awful in others . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
A suspense thriller that the filmmakers keep forgetting is supposed to be a simple Nicholas Sparks novel turned romance drama .
-LSB- M -RSB- ay as well be set on another planet - a world where everyone is perfect , -LRB- except the one guy who is bad -RRB- , the weather is wonderful -LRB- even when it rains -RRB- and you can support yourself off of tips from the lunch shift .
Sparks ' core formula : damaged hearts , pretty people , a body of water , the a small town community , a sad death , and a letter , plus a twist that feels desperate .
Sure , it 's occasionally loopy , but also thoroughly suspenseful in spots and rather pleasant as a whole .
Even when the overall story is sinking in implausibility , there are bits of business -- between , say , Hough and one of Duhamel 's kids -- that almost make you believe in these people .
This is such stuff as paperback-rack and February multiplex dreams are made on .
Long on beauty shots , short on depth and seriously intent on tugging your heartstrings . Indeed , it demands you reach for those tissues . Sob .
Safe Haven may not be the most dangerous place to spend Valentine 's Day - but it 's hardly a worthwhile romantic choice .
The problem is that most of the pieces to the shoddy puzzle ultimately do n't fit , making things less believable and successful .
`` Safe Haven '' is passably engaging and almost works as a proper thriller . Then -- wham ! Sparks throws that schmaltz pie right in your kisser .
The climactic inferno , which explodes whatever credibility the movie built up , is immediately followed by a cheap , out-of-the-blue supernatural twist . The equivalent of a forged signature , it attests to the movie 's essential falsity .
There 's obviously an audience for these things and they 'll get exactly what they 're looking for
Hough is reasonably appealing in her first dramatic role but she does n't uncover anything very interesting in the cute yet fragile Katie .
Safe Haven offers an unsurprising but not unsatisfying tour through recognizable Sparkville terrain .
Routine romantic thriller lacks acting and directing flair .
The Nicholas Sparks universe finally gets the crime thriller it deserves , an erratic amalgam of mush and mystery , with an 11th-hour dose of supernatural visitation .
Hallström 's understated approach clashes with the blunt-force drama of the Sparks story line , which is definitely a matter of taste .
Hallstrom makes the mishmash palatable , and romance mainstay Duhamel provides some sweet-and-salty charm , but there 's not much they can do with Sparks ' canned dialogue and Hough 's undercooked acting .
The film offers an already weird hybrid of love story and police procedural . But the closing creates head-scratching moments that even the cast does n't quite know how to handle .
Nicholas Sparks likes to take broken people and put them back together through true love . Safe Haven , the eighth of Sparks ' 17 novels to be adapted to the big screen , fits that format to a `` C '' -- as in cliche .
`` Safe Haven '' plays out less like a love story than it does a two-hour audition tape Julianne Hough commissioned to land a lucrative lip-gloss-modeling contract .
Relish the simple pleasures , because that 's all this good-looking Nicholas Sparks adaptation offers .
A great date movie
A movie that passably ambles along in generic-melodrama mode before finally insulting audience intelligence one time too many .
Even as a date movie it 's a failure . Stay home and rent The Notebook instead .
The combination of turgid treacle and bonehead mystery culminates in a concluding twist of such complete goofiness that you almost have to admire the utterly shameless tugging at the heartstrings -- almost , but not quite .
It 's trash - entertaining and escapist , perhaps - but trash nonetheless .
Another Nicholas Sparks-penned romantic potboiler about commitment-shy , G-rated lovers who find romance , overcoming dark secrets and unhappy pasts .
Very little in this movie makes any sense , even as glossy Valentine 's Day fare .
Either the filmmakers were out of their minds , or they must think we 're out of our minds to buy into this schmaltz .
When Safe Haven is n't being ridiculous , it 's utterly conventional , refusing to color outside the lines to make an impression that has n't already been found in previous Sparks-branded efforts .
Contains two big twists that are also big mistakes , turning an already watered-down romance into frustrating , flavorless slush .
It goes without saying that Safe Haven is the whitest thing offered up for public consumption in the three days since Mumford & Sons won the Grammy for Album of the Year .
It all ends with a ludicrously mishandled plot twist guaranteed to send audiences into paroxysms of laughter . A feel good film indeed , then .
Will satisfy those with a fluffy romantic sweet tooth while the rest will likely suffer from indigestion .
While all the emotionally manipulative factors are at play here , how does this end up one of Sparks ' better screen adaptations ?
`` Nothing very much exciting happens , but it sure is beautiful , '' utters our square-jawed leading man Josh Duhamel , and there is no more apt description of Safe Haven .
Most of the film is also very nice as the slowly budding romance is observed to bloom with the tentative nature of a snail on dope .
While none of the elements of this Valentine Day release chick-flick are remarkable in themselves , in the gifted hands of director Lasse Hallström , there is definitely magic at work .


@highlight

Schmaltzy , predictable , and melodramatic , Safe Haven also suffers from a ludicrous plot twist , making for a particularly ignominious Nicholas Sparks adaptation .