In this situation , you do anything necessary , no matter how ugly , to protect what 's most important ; family
I do n't know about you , but with the real-life killings in Tunisia so recent , I really have no appetite for this sort of thing being fictionalised and served up as entertainment .
No Escape plays into the worst fears of Americans abroad , where danger lurks around every corner for U.S. nationals , and compounds this jingoistic sense by fostering the notion that no other lives matter more than those of this one American family .
While the movie 's storyline is simple , its action set pieces are so visceral and intense they had me on the edge of my seat right from the start .
You 're unlikely to see an action-thriller this summer that is as intense as No Escape .
This work manages to dehumanise an entire region while providing little entertainment value .
`` No Escape '' plays like an `` Argo '' rewrite by someone who heard about `` Argo '' from a friend who never saw `` Argo . ''
This appalling escape movie takes racism towards Asians to an extreme not seen for many years in mainstream films .
Seems to suggest that these American lives are more valuable than anyone else 's and that 's a message , regardless of how unintentional , that many are becoming increasingly wary of . Political correctness aside , it 's just bad filmmaking .
A film like No Escape , with its conservative notion of glorifying the wellbeing of one family over anything else , should have already been rendered obsolete .
No Escape is a visceral slice of anarchy that honors the terrifying unpredictability of violence .
The Amazing Race remixed with The Killing Fields as a disaster-film , with anti-Asian racism simmering hatefully up from the bottom of the pot . An atrocity in its retrograde , racist exploitation of civil strife for tawdrily thrilling ends .
No Escape takes the casual xenophobia of something like Taken , crossbreeds it with something altogether more noxious , then asks us to kick back and enjoy the ride . We do n't . We ca n't . And the ride is n't that great to begin with .
No Escape is as accomplished as it is vicious .
It happens that the monsters here are `` Asian '' , their plights and fears and reactions unspoken .
Clumsy filmmaking in No Escape means the viewers never actually find out where the uprising is and director John Erick Dowdle and his younger brother Drew , who co-wrote the script , remain vague about the geography of this violent , protracted chase .
Brutally violent , `` No Escape '' keeps you on the edge of your seat .
A little offensive , but still a good popcorn flick . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
One of the strongest action thrillers in recent years , this gripping movie cleverly casts actors known for comedy in the central roles .
In spite of being really conventional and having a predictable ending , it 's a fun time at the movies . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's basically a survival horror movie that 's fun , well made and one where you exchange the zombies for third world revolutionaries . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie works , even if it feels we 've seen this movie before . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though the story is not completely original , the director know how to build up tension , giving us a very entertaining movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... wo n't do any favors for cultural relations or international tourism .
A movie with so many offensive cliches that you ca n't take it seriously . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A tense and exciting bet , filled with blood , gunshots and gruesome deaths that will keep you on edge . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An unexpected sursprise that will leave you breathless and on the edge of your seat . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
I 'm not sure how plausible much of it is - the bit about the American embassy seems unlikely - but I found myself gripping my seat and holding my breath more than once .
A violent and exciting experience . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If international intrigue was a hate crime , Dowdle and his co-writer brother Drew would be guilty as charged .
Just another failed August mediocrity -- destined to come and go and be consigned to the heap of forgotten movies in short order .
Brutally effective .
A bracing and nasty thriller that grips early and never quite lets go .
Dowdle takes admirably sick delight in putting his protagonists through the wringer .
For those looking for an action thriller like those made frequently in the 1980s and 1990s , No Escape offers solid entertainment .
The nice-westerners-v-murderous-foreigners vibe ... blossoms into shrieking xenophobia .
A few tense action scenes ca n't overcome the script 's inherent weaknesses .
For the bulk of No Escape 's running time , there 's every chance you 'll yearn to escape the popcorn-encrusted cinema seat you 're in .
The Dwyers ' point of view is very much a myopic Western-eye view of local events , but it is the film 's narrow focus on the panicky , bewildered Americans that makes it so breathtakingly gripping .
The thriller No Escape has one or two moments of brilliance interspersed with many very silly ones .
There is no escaping the fact that No Escape , despite all the bludgeoning , is a guilty pleasure you 'll be tempted to take . The loopy script ridden with shameful cliches ends up taking a backseat , as you get on this roller-coaster ride .
No Escape is bare-bones , shameless , and too obnoxious to stay suspenseful for long .
It is to both No Escape 's credit and discredit that it feels so much like the sort of film they used to make .
Performs the delicate balancing act of using violent revolt for a chase movie , with only the occasional stumble .
The film 's technical sensibilities are as outmoded as its rotten worldview .
At times the tone becomes so apocalyptic you swear you 're watching a zombie movie in flip-flops , as if the mob 's been infected by an anti-American rage virus .
It 's essentially World War Z with Asians .
Who are the rebels ? What 's their beef ? Whom are they overthrowing ? Never mind all that . Just feel the cinegenic gusts of panic , skilled story ploys and give-it-everything main performances .
Dowdle 's intent is to put an ordinary American family in the way of the kind of harm that Westerners the world over face today with increasing frequency . ISIS is going to give this film five stars and use pirated copies as recruitment tools .
The line between what is considered entertaining , and what is downright absurd is also a rather thin one .
` No Escape ' is a decent zombie movie . All that 's missing are the zombies .
A risible , trite and predictable exploitation action survival pic .
The cast do what they can .
Despite a good opening section and some strong suspense sequences , No Escape is an ugly hearted and shamefully xenophobic B-movie directed with remorseless efficiency by brothers John Erick Dowdle and Drew Dowdle .
This is a terrific , heart-stopping film if you do n't let the Blame America First political message ruin it for you , which it came perilously close to doing for me . It was sailing along when this popped up like a gratuitous slap in the face .
Maybe it 's because of personal experience that I 've always been a sucker for political thrillers set in foreign lands ... This is n't nearly as complex as films like The Killing Fields , Under Fire , Missing and Salvador . But it works on a gut level .
Despite some competent suspenseful filmmaking , a thin story and xenophobic overtones make No Escape an unpleasant movie to watch .
It 's horrifying to consider just how this movie operates , generating so-called thrills based on a blind , empty-headed fear of foreigners . Adding dumb plot twists and bad shaky-cam makes for an insultingly poor movie .
Writer-director John Eric Dowdle makes the street action propulsive , bewildering and terrifyingly real , and things are just getting warmed up .
Director Dowdle keeps pulses pounding with some of the same pulpy shocks and lurid sights he used in the schlock-horror flicks ` Quarantine , ' ` Devil ' and ` So Below . '
A piece of stupid xenophobic trash , released at a time when another piece of stupid xenophobic trash is surging in the polls for the Republican Presidential nomination , so The Weinstein Company might have a hit on their hands .
Drop the location and the political ideology for a second , and imagine why Owen Wilson might have to throw his daughter across a rooftop . No Escape gets you to really worry about that .
Halfway through and I 'm looking for my own escape .
I 'll admit that I found myself actually sweating at times from the suspense , something that I do n't often experience in theaters -LRB- unless the AC is broken -RRB- . -LRB- Full Content Review - Sex , Nudity , Violence , Profanity , etc. - for Parents available -RRB-
I got swept up in its relentless energy , its modest desire to be a generic B-film intent on increasing your heart rate a half-dozen times .
The odd plus point - Wilson 's surprisingly strong action chops , Lake Bell 's solid performance as a terrified mom - are spoiled by the archaic tone .
A crudely efficient action potboiler marred by a distinctly unenlightened attitude .
Donald Trump will hate this movie .
I wo n't make a case for No Escape being a good film ; the first half is pretty good and the second half ranges from pretty bad to truly awful .
Dowdle sticks closely to the family 's perspective , for better and for worse ; though fairly effective at conveying their terror , he fails to establish any sort of social or political context for the story .
`` No Escape '' strives to be a thoughtful understanding of global profiteering through the guise of a survival adventure , but it 's really just a cheap exploitation film , and a particularly deflated one at that .
Americans abroad in peril of death .
Darn No Escape for being such a guilty pleasure .
No Escape employs shoddy storytelling and lame white-guilt politics to tell a story that 's better suited for a Lifetime collaboration with Michael Bay .
Even ignoring the racism-which is pretty much impossible-No Escape is a cliché-ridden , artless relic .
The B-movie kicks of scenes like the one in which Jack , with the assistance of some speed ramping , hurls his children across rooftops into his wife 's arms as part of an escape plan , never overcome the rankness of the underlying premise .
No Escape is savagely intense at times and abhorrently devastating at others , but it 's only entertaining at surface level . It lacks the proper depth and variety that a memorable action thriller often has .
A nearly two-hour thrill ride that , tired cliché that it is , really does keep you on the edge of your seat .
Action-packed , it 's an exciting , suspenseful thriller ...
I respect No Escape 's attempt at intense , hyper-realism , but that realism tends to be undercut by a bad guy with cheesy scars on his face like The Lion King .
Strict plausibility is n't necessary in these movies , but you ca n't just throw it out the window , and `` No Escape '' shows why .
The Dowdles are experts at gauging the mood of an audience , at establishing a tempo that sweeps us in and gives us little time to ponder the occasional unlikely development .
Atypical casting and xenophobia are alive and well in the white-knuckle thriller `` No Escape . ''
This movie really moves . But a fleet of tanks could n't help the brothers Dowdle push past the plot holes in the screwiest mix of suspense and stereotypes since Michael Bay was a pup
Quite harrowing , but a bit obvious and right-on-the-edge-of racist .
No Escape is a crass , manipulative B-movie , and it works as such .
The actors do well , with Brosnan playing a kind of James Bond who has fallen into seediness and shady dealings . Bell carries her weight in the emotional scenes and the battles , and Wilson proves -LRB- that he can do more than be a laid-back comic foil .
Whatever seeds of social justice and emotional nuance No Escape may be attempting to sow are undercut by the film 's melodramatic valorization of family values .
No Escape is a tense but utterly predictable exercise in Western xenophobic paranoia and guilt .
For all its genuine thrill-ride gestalt , No Escape completely short-shrifts its Southeast Asian players .
No Escape is an outlandish , sometimes brutally violent , exploitative , fast-paced white-knuckler featuring your classic American everyman who suddenly develops action-hero skills when his family is placed in danger .
No Escape is pretty trashy , but it held my attention , which is more than I can say for most of the summer fodder .
Bang , boom , bam . That 's about the size of things in No Escape , a movie banking on its admittedly first-rate action drowning out its political tone-deafness .
It does still feel a bit odd that we whizz by what must amount to hundreds of people without so much as a subtitle reflecting their thoughts of what 's going to be a major change for their lives .
No Escape lives up to its title . The all-pervasive threat kicks in at 20 minutes , and the high tension never lets up till the end .
It 's the anti-Mission : Impossible , and for a while it 's really gripping and refreshing .
Taut , well-made and entirely dubious .
Mostly laughable when it is n't tedious or insulting , both to the region it 's skittish about representing and to the audience that 's expected to buy into this nonsense .
Reduced to its essence , No Escape gives us one-dimensional American family members struggling to survive faceless , objectified Asians out to purge their unnamed country of all Westerners .
With an intense momentum that combines with several well-executed , down-right harrowing action set-pieces , `` No Escape '' pulls off quite a coup .
The film is far better than one might think , striking a nice balance between your typical vacation horror and the thrilling disaster drama , `` The Impossible '' .
Because these rebels are depicted in such inhumane and stereotypical manners , it somehow diminishes the menace , reducing them almost to cartoonish travesties , like characters out of a World War II-era propaganda film .
A film completely devoid of any gray areas , No Escape is an us against them action movie .
A nasty piece of xenophobic exploitation filmmaking .
Lousy ending . Weak anti-western culture jab . But the film 's midsection is as tense as any movie you 'll see this year . Or next .
Samnang and his gang of revolutionary murder-bots do n't appear to be interested in any domestic policy initiatives other than hacking people to death .
It may be completely miscalculated on a technical and tonal basis , yet it 's still on to something : bolstering cinematic scares in real-life horror .
Brosnan lightens the mood and even seems to have a little fun , and that is absolutely not what these filmmakers are interested in .
`` No Escape '' could have gone either way -- bad or good . And , at 103 minutes , it came very close to capturing the `` bad '' moniker .
`` No Escape '' is a fast-paced thriller interwoven with quality down times . It delivers on its message that anything can happen , at any time , anywhere .
A dreadful and creepily exploitative would-be thriller , low-grade trash that it is too silly and stupid to be as offensive as it frequently comes close to being throughout .
`` No Escape '' is really a horror film at heart , the Dowdles effectively using the tricks of the trade to build dread in the viewer . It 's just that , instead of a serial killer or a demon , the boogeyman this time is an entire country .
Every Asian character is either a ruthless murderer or anonymous collateral damage . A lot of locals have to die , the film suggests , in order for one white family to survive .
If you 've really been wanting to see endless shots of Owen Wilson running , sometimes while carrying a medium-sized child , the thriller `` No Escape '' might be just for you .
A taut thriller about an American family touching down in an unnamed country just as a violent coup erupts , No Escape goes about its gut-churning business by playing -LRB- and preying -RRB- on our worst xenophobic tendencies .
A surprisingly entertaining and gritty little thriller ...
No Escape '' ca n't stay ten steps ahead of its misguided politics and overly dramatic storytelling , and crumbles under its own preposterous climactic denouement .
`` No Escape '' is xenophobic claptrap of the highest order .
There 's no fleeing the clunkiness in `` No Escape . ''
In terms of pure popcorn escapism , No Escape delivers from the get-go , cutting to the chase without belabouring the character details .
Among the most terrifying scenes is an early shot of Mr. Brosnan in the hotel bar , shouting lyrics to a Huey Lewis tune . Oh , the horror .
Supersize your popcorn , check your logic at the door and settle in for a pretty good ride .
John Erick Dowdle has made a pulse pounding action thriller resting atop a political scenario so black and white they 've reduced an entire -LRB- unnamed yet implied -RRB- country to a faceless , brutal mob . It 's like eating a MacDonald 's dollar meal on fine china
-LSB- I -RSB- t becomes absurd , before settling into the realms of distasteful and downright nasty .
A vicious , pointless exercise in fear-mongering and xenophobia , No Escape gives B-movies a bad name .
Despite its illegible chase scenes , awkward slow-motion shots , and fumbling attempts at political commentary , No Escape manages to be intermittently interesting , thanks to an off-beat supporting turn from Pierce Brosnan .
The film delivers constant tension , emotional highs and plenty of good , white-knuckle moments .
`` The clunky plotting is matched by the film 's pitiful political commentary . ''
The only way that this film could be any more racist is if the Dwyer family holed up with Lillian Gish and waited for the Klan to save them .
The Taken-ripoff genre reaches another nadir , as this film has absolutely zero concern with the country in which it 's set or the people in it .
Every Asian character is filmed like an ominous grotesque - that is , save the chirpy man that greets our American heroes wearing a cowboy hat and proclaiming the greatness of the U.S. of A .
A barely written action-thriller about an American family hunted by faceless dudes with machetes in a never-identified Southeast Asian country .
No Escape is insanely intense . Is it credible ? Who cares . This movie is full of heart-pounding action that takes your breath away . From start to finish it is just plain fun .
The nightmare scenario depicted in ` No Escape ' is so terrifying , even the most skeptical viewer will be enthralled .
This is n't lightweight , fanciful entertainment ; it 's tense , white-knuckle material .
A thoroughly ugly film for an audience that does n't care who 's shooting whom .
A harrowing heart-pounder that delivers even more excitement per-minute than is suggested by its very compelling trailer !
No Escape is n't a hard-hitting drama about the uneasy relationships between local needs and international commerce : It 's a geopolitical snuff film , where hundreds die before our eyes but wind up not mattering one bit .
Incredibly suspenseful , exciting and scary .
Between the script and the superior editing by Elliot Greenberg , there 's an enormous amount of tension and thrills to be found here ; unfortunately , they 're all in the service of a movie that 's reprehensible to the core .
A technically accomplished , morally rank slab of cultural exploitation ...
Dowdle delivers enough adrenalized tension to maintain his track record of profitable , populist pulp .
A Taken-style no-holds-barred family survival action film , with an inevitable side order of xenophobia undimmed by the indictment of faceless corporate chicanery .
It may be vicious , and it may be uncomfortable , but it is undeniably intense .
Far more effective as a vacation thriller than it should be .
A very solid , tense thriller . A crowd-pleasing gem .
No Escape starts like a coup and ends as a quagmire .
Enjoyably intense , if you can get past the cultural narcissism that Western corporate colonialism only matters when it impacts a nice white American family .

@highlight

No Escape 's talented cast and taut B-movie thrills are unfortunately offset by its one-dimensional characters and uncomfortably retrograde worldview .