It 's thin , but enough to make you forget the cold for 90 minutes .
Even in the visually arresting fat-suit Martin Lawrence extracts very few chuckles due to Don Rhymer 's awful script and John Whitesell 's flimsy direction .
A truly insipid affair that makes the first film seem like classic comedy .
This is funny mostly for its brazen disregard of common sense -- specifically , the idea that elaborate full-body prosthetic makeup could be slapped on in seconds by a cop on the run .
Robin Williams , to his eternal credit , never came up with a Mrs. Doubtfire sequel .
No logic , no laughs , a classic ` take-the-money-and-run ' sequel which had me praying for a projector malfunction or some other excuse to leave the theater early .
It 's mildly , amiably funny , in a juvenile way .
If Lawrence makes you laugh , you 'd be better off watching him do stand-up .
Lawrence has his moments , mostly when he 's not dressed up as Big Momma ; he 's progressed to the point where he deserves a better vehicle than this . Long is wasted , appearing in only a handful of scenes .
Guys who direct snuff flicks in the slums of Khazakstan probably look at Big Momma 's House 2 and think `` Hey , I 'm not such a terrible filmmaker after all ! ''
So desperate that barely a half hour passes before we get the inevitable jokes about Dr. Phil , Oprah , Al Sharpton , Tupac and Billy Dee .
Martin , please stop making films .
Martin Lawrence continues to run around in a fatsuit impersonating a sassy obese grandma in order to take down criminals and slaver over beautiful women .
Just like the first film , it 's another basic , unoriginal fish-out-of-water story stocked with predictable plot twists and physical comedy .
.
The least necessary sequel this side of Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo .
It 's really just a ploy for some more flaccid fat-suit antics that are as short of inspiration as Big Momma is of breath .
Nothing to write home about .
Perhaps the greatest unnecessary sequel to grace theater screens since Underworld : Evolution .
It 's a shame to once again witness Martin Lawrence squander his considerable comic talents under a fat suit and fake breasts in this shoddy sequel .
There 's Big Momma leading a bunch of little schoolgirls in booty-shaking cheerleading lessons . There she is in Bo Derek cornrows , bouncing down the beach . And , hey , we already mentioned the spa .
An exhausting , not-hilarious , multiple-resolution ending , in which Big Momma does funny dances with a cheerleading squad , runs on the beach like Bo Derek and chases down the bad guys -- all while fat .
Martin Lawrence is a broad comic performer who sometimes hits the funny bone with a mallet -- and sometimes , well , goes wide of the mark by several yards .
The bulk of the film is comprised of unrelated , ridiculous set pieces .
You 'd have more fun poking out your own eyes . Is there a petition we can sign to stop Lawrence making any more movies ?
the audience ca n't help but feel the lack of effort and heart in this film
As much fun as tracing patterns in a carpet .
The mugging Lawrence steps out of character to promise that Big Momma will be back . Fine , but someone should hire writers next time .
Happiness is an actor in a fat suit , or at least that is what Hollywood thinks
If you find the idea of Martin Lawrence screeching `` Ooooooh ! '' at the beginning of every sentence in order to sound feminine is a laugh riot , your movie of the year has arrived .
Nothing but all-Lawrence all the time , and there 's not a lot more to the movie than the basic idea that Lawrence as an obese old lady is intrinsically funny .
Big Momma 's House 2 lacks comedic momentum to sustain the ridiculousness of Lawrence as Big Momma , but it 's a welcome break from the star 's tough cop act and his abominable family film turn in Rebound .
As warmhearted as the original .
I was n't big on this on to begin with .
Works about as well as the guys from `` Queer Eye '' remodeling the Neo-Nazi national headquarters .
Its idiocy is boundless , its senselessness without end , its unendurability beyond description ...
Is it too much to hope that the sequel will be `` Nanny McPhee vs. Big Momma '' ? Just asking ...
A dreadful debacle made wors by Lawrence 's promise/threat : ` Keep a lookout . You never know when Big Momma might be back . '
Plagiarizes an already very bad movie -- in this case , The Pacifier -- and everything that fell flat there is mercilessly carried over for this ill-advised carbon copy .
The poster for this movie shows Martin Lawrence in fat-lady drag tugging at a wedgie . This is as funny as it gets ... In other words , it 's not just disappointingly lackluster , derivative , and lazy , it 's also out of touch and creepy .
Big Momma may be larger than life , but the shtick is older than old .
Probably review-proof for openers , pic is so episodic and flat it should be a letdown even to those amused by the original .
A partial list of things that are more amusing than Big Momma 's House 2 : Beverly Hills Cop , Fletch , the original Big Momma 's House , every sitcom currently on TV , open-heart surgery .
Lawrence is a comedian with talent who rarely uses it for anything worthwhile , and here he makes a halfhearted , paycheck-collecting effort that 's actually in perfect keeping with the rest of the movie 's tired , recycled tone .
Usually , you can tell when an actor is enjoying himself in a role , but I honestly could n't tell whether Lawrence was having fun or simply exploiting the character for a second dip at the box office . I just hope he has no reason to do it again .
It 's all extremely superficial entertainment at best .
Big Momma 's House 2 is an atrocious film . But what 's even more frightening is that Hollywood thinks people will find it funny .
Even if you still find the premise funny , how long can you laugh at this same sorry routine ?
Passably entertaining , mildly funny and consistently stupid .
It 's been six years since the original Big Momma movie -LRB- I guess they hoped we would forget by now how bad the first one really was ... we have n't -RRB- .
Okay , wait just one darn second . Are you kidding me ? Seriously , even for January , the best 20th Century Fox can come up with is this ?
Consider it to be the cinematic equivalent to Taco Bell . You might enjoy it to a degree , but you 're still going to end up with heartburn .
If you thought Big Momma 's House was funny , then two things are probably true : 1 -RRB- You are stupid . 2 -RRB- You will also think Big Momma 's House 2 is funny .
It is n't that House 2 is a complete disaster from start to finish , but more that it 's a completely uninspired comedy
The picture just sets up its unimaginative premise and then coasts along through a chain of forced , mostly unfunny episodes to a thoroughly predictable conclusion .
While there are moments of raucous humor , there 's too much sentimental fluff .
... inconsequential sequel for the undemanding moviegoer .
... the family film vibe does n't suit a manic-tempered comic such as Lawrence , whose fat suit and septuagenarian makeup ca n't hide his obvious boredom in delivering more of the same wheezing insults and down-home advice .
As absurd and blatantly offensive as Momma purports to be in its bloated skin , there 's not one genuine funny tidbit to behold in this chunky comedy .
Aside from the inane plot , Big Momma 's House 2 is a dish of empty calories .
BMH2 is a harmless , genial outing , a comedy that is amusing without ever rising to the level of funny .
Painfully unfunny slapstick takes precedence over would-be satire .
Mercifully free of excess mania , sexual innuendo and fart jokes , this sweet-natured comedy , ably directed by John Whitesell -LRB- Malibu 's Most Wanted -RRB- , has some nice bits of business ...
There 's nobody in the movie to care one whit about except Lawrence . Nobody else is interesting , funny or worth noting .
... unnecessary but genial ...
The funniest thing about Big Momma 's House 2 is what I believe to be a grammar error in its press notes .
Putting the ` low ' into low-brow humour , it 's a series of sketches in which Martin Lawrence immerses himself into a fat suit and a frock and puts himself into ridiculous situations . Not funny .






@highlight

Unfunny and unoriginal . In other words , a perfect piece of evidence for opponents of pointless movie sequels .