Despite the sensationalism of Holy Father 's arrival , the subtext here is that there 's a speck on the map whose poor are treated as well as a backed-up john .
A celebration of hope , humor and resilience among the humble and only secondarily a dig at media distortion and the disconnect between the Church and the poor .
The cast of pros and amateurs provides realistic performances , and co-director Charlone 's lensing makes beautiful use of the rough landscape in a movie even the pope would enjoy .
Watch it now , and you 'll be surprised how such a little movie can cut so deeply to the bone .
The Pope 's Toilet cloaks religious critique in the scrappy tempo of irremediable poverty and irrepressible enterprise .
The Pope 's Toilet entertains , even while it illustrates how the impoverished can adjust their religious ideals out of desperation .
Although not the best imaginative movie title ever to grace a matinee sign , The Pope 's Toilet resonates with a distinctive warmth and sense of reality and purpose .
Not as funny as the title would suggest .
The movie is n't as bad as I feared , but I ca n't give it much of an endorsement , either .
The Pope 's Toilet excels most in its expression of a particular time and place , which Charlone films with the kind of physical intensity and realism associated with recent Argentine cinema .
This bittersweet parable has loads of charm but several graver issues are also raised .
Charming and hilariously offbeat .
It 's charming in a proper way , entirely avoiding sentiment and can be counted one of the best films in town .
Focusing on the simple folk normally relegated to the background of the world stage , this warm comedy has a gentle Life Of Brian flavour and its own shrewd sense of enterprise .
Lots of bruised humour , quiet virtuosity - watch for the slow-motion montage of disaster - and doggy-eyed optimism .
El Baño Del Papa -LRB- which translates as The Pope 's Toilet -RRB- is an engaging and humane affair , never losing sight of its characters ' material hardships .
Worth spending a penny on , but not much more .
Full of folksy humour but next to no urgency , it 's a strangely exasperating slice of humdrum world cinema .
This is a heartfelt and deadpan portrait of the knife-edge poverty of people who are not so much greedy as desperate .
Beto as a character is problematic - one minute hes a twinkly , moustachiod dreamer hoping for a better life ; the next he 's a macho bully who shoves his cowering wife around their shack . The film requires that we focus on the former and forgive the latter .
You 'll certainly be rooting for Beto and his brood by the time the Popemobile rolls into town .
A little toilet humour goes a long way in this otherwise sobering portrait of life in a rural corner of South America .
Overall an emotionally rich and tender film , beautifully played , with heart and head in massive abundance .
Engaging , well acted and superbly directed drama that often feels like a Uruguayan Ken Loach movie .
Equilibrando-se muito bem entre o drama e o humor , O Banheiro do Papa ainda torna-se incrivelmente tenso em seu terceiro ato .
A pseudo-documentary that focuses on the hardships and penuries of their characters with such visual and dramatic intensity that its irony is often pushed aside .

@highlight

An offbeat charmer , The Pope 's Toilet is a humorous , well-crafted tale with plenty of heart and a poignant social message .