Sensuality , intrigue , complexity , sin , hypnotism , concentration , contrasts : of all this is there in The Blue Room ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... Amalric manages to sustain an unyielding level of suspense throughout the film and delivers it with beautiful cinematography and a musical score worthy of an old Hitchcock flick .
Amalric jigsaws the pieces , conjuring a taut , tense air of Chabrol as he does .
In The Blue Room , Mathieu Amalric directs and stars in an updated version of the 1964 Georges Simenon novel about adultery and death in a small town .
Mathieu Amalric and partner Stéphanie Cléau make a potent team both behind and in front of the camera in this steamy French noir that manages to get its dark thrills wrapped up in a trim and tidy 76 minutes .
An unfolding police investigation leaves us guessing until the final moment just what exactly happened when an illicit love affair turned bad .
An artfully composed mix of crime mystery , erotic melodrama , police procedural and courtroom drama , -LSB- this -RSB- compact 75-minute movie is upfront about nudity but very teasing when it comes to revealing its plot .
On the evidence here , former Bond villain Amalric is every bit as accomplished a director as he is an actor .
-LSB- Almaric -RSB- aims for what he calls the `` permanent pleasure of doubt '' and he succeeds - but sometimes the doubt is alienating and we long for some of the passion we saw in that blue room at the start .
Amalric is a fine director in his own right and his performances on either side of the camera ensure this is mesmerising and unsettling .
The Blue Room could usefully stand as a model of cinematic miniaturism .
Although The Blue Room is elegantly handled it has a very brief running time and ends up feeling rushed and sketchy rather than fully realised and satisfying .
Bursting with melancholy insight .
The cast are well chosen , with Cleau a steely femme fatale and Amalric conveying the desperation of a dumbfounded Julien as he succumbs to his fate like a man caught in a trap from which there is no escape .
Taut , tense and teasing , this fascinating exercise in screen storytelling keeps viewers guessing whether the prime suspect might just be a victim .
Our vantage point as a spectator of this cruel sport gives us a privy to the `` truth '' of what Julien did or did n't do - only for the film to slap us back into the realisation that in cinema , truth and lies get along swimmingly , and for our own pleasure .
For most of the snappy length , the question is n't so much what he 's done , but what 's been done , to whom and why ; only in the final couple of minutes does the last of the puzzle pieces fall into place .
Clocking in at a brisk 75 minutes , the film wastes little time in propelling forward its whodunit ? narrative .
A cool tale of sex and deception ; a brief , tightly wound story whose contours only gradually become clear .
The ultimate triumph in what Amalric has done is to show us all the different forces that can be at work in an affair .
Even in a trial with everything at stake , we ca n't know what actually happened in the past
Bracing , brisk and technically dazzling , Mathieu Amalric 's The Blue Room is the rare movie you might wish was a bit longer ...
Even viewers that want a conventional ending will find the journey toward the conclusion intriguing , even if they are left with a discomforting view of humanity .
A dazzling deconstruction of the mystery genre that turns its conventions on their heads .
I really can not find anything specifically wrong with the film in a strict sense . But I am left with a profound sense of `` so what ? '' by the movie .
Lacking in originality and nearly devoid of sunlight , this elegant psychological study is nine parts caution for every one part closure .
Arrives in time to be an unintentional companion piece to a more ambitious and elaborate story of murder , marital infidelity and mismatched testimony , ` Gone Girl . '
In `` The Blue Room , '' we do n't learn anything new about infidelity 's destructive , alluring power , but we 're reminded all over again in forceful fashion .
If anything , it 's a backhanded testimony to the plodding effectiveness of detail-minded detective work and the slow grinding of the bureaucratic justice machine .
A compact but structurally diffuse psychological thriller -LSB- that -RSB- honors Simenon , but in ways that might frustrate a segment of its audience .
Amalric plays up the ambiguity and brings it all home in a tight 75 minutes , a time that would have impressed Simenon , who wrote and revised novels in less than two weeks .
` The Blue Room '' is a tight little look at love gone wrong , something of a stripped-down French `` Gone Girl '' without the surprises .
... an icy , elegant murder mystery that 's longer on style than it is on conventional storytelling .
This is a slight movie with an efficient 76-minute runtime , but it never seems to find the higher gear it is searching for .
Part Alfred Hitchcock razor 's edge and part Douglas Sirk sadness .
It 's an accomplished film , if a bit cool and tidy ; you wish there were a little more to it .
The pleasure of a whodunit generally derives from trying to figure out who done it , but in the case of this arty , terminally obscure French mystery , most of the story has already transpired before one can even piece together what was done .
In eschewing the organically exploitative elements of his murder tale -LRB- and subsequent courtroom drama -RRB- , -LSB- Amalric -RSB- committed the second murder in this movie by killing its tension .
The Blue Room is mesmerizing , psychologically complex , and , at the very end , viscerally devastating . They do n't make them like this much anymore , but they should .
The film is so bloodless that you do n't care which legal side wins . Even the boudoir scenes are drab .
`` The Blue Room '' is the kind of film that demands to be seen more than once .
A little film noir gem . Will someone now bring back Maigret ?
`` Blue Room '' demonstrates that , as a director , Amalric has begun to master the medium . Now he needs to work on expanding his palette .
As a storyteller , Amalric is a master of manipulation , first leading the audience in one direction and then another .
The Blue Room is a story about sexual desire as an overwhelming force , incapable of being ignored or mistaken , and about the ambiguity of almost everything else : memory , language , actions and motives .
`` The Blue Room '' feels like only two acts of a three-act story . With a whole other movement and 25 more minutes , this could have been an entirely satisfying picture .
`` an enjoyably twisty whodunnit with some intelligently suggestive mise en scene . ''
The entire cast and technical crew are fantastic -- but The Blue Room is nowhere near as vibrant as it could be .
Tense , intriguing and will keep the viewer off-balance .
It is a quiet but intense and closely observed piece of work .
`` The Blue Room '' often feels like a work of cinematic futurism , not dissimilar to the films of Steven Soderbergh . It constructs ideal romantic and erotic zones , only to eye them from a clinical remove mere seconds later .
Amalric throws in flashbacks and flash-forwards between bedroom and courthouse , and I was reminded again why I prefer my noirs in the hardboiled American style rather than tricked up with all this faux Alain Resnais-style filigree .
Modest , engaging , beautifully told and executed , The Blue Room is a triumph of perfect casting and its authentic small-town setting peopled with familiar types . But the film builds from such familiarity as a slow drip of who-dun-what and how .
One of most exciting things about The Blue Room is that it celebrates the radical fragmentation of Alain Resnais 's 1963 film Muriel -- a nostalgic blast for modernists , reminding us that , by and large , they do n't cut them like they used to .
Mr. Amalric 's direction remains graceful through the story 's violent turns , its mood changes and tone shifts .
Every revelation registers in the gifted Amalric 's gaze : infinitesimal physical mutations , emotional detonations .
The teasing pace creates a noirish tension that , alas , peters out by the time the justice system decides Julien 's fate .
The Blue Room pieces together the details of its plot like a jigsaw puzzle , but seeing the final picture is not its principal pleasure .
The real mystery is not a whodunit but the unplumbed narcissistic and masochistic depths of the male ego .
The mystery is pretty low-key and the resolution somewhat disappointing . But Amalric is mesmerizing and the film 's taut , chilly tone leaves us unnerved .
-LSB- Amalric 's -RSB- leanest , most morose , and most handsomely accomplished work , distinguished by enigmatic close-ups , lush orchestrations , and delicate lighting .
A chilling and creatively structure French murder mystery tale .
The thrilling chutzpah of The Blue Room 's opening salvo gets lost in the intricate curlicues of the plot , which take away much of its illicit rush .
It 's a phenomenally executed exercise that , like its protagonist 's memory , is too wispy for its own good .
Palpable , reeking of moral seediness and disrepair .
Particularly intriguing is that this is not a who dunnit but a what-done-what . A crime is committed , but we do n't know even what the crime is until considerably into the picture .
Most shots have the feel of still photos , the camera firmly planted and the actors not moving much , and the movie always hustles us to the next , back and forward in time , the effect part Resnais and part staccato Kodak slideshow .
-LSB- Amalric 's -RSB- latest effort , The Blue Room -LRB- La Chambre bleue -RRB- , takes a cue from both classic Hollywood noir and the time-shuffling narratives of the late Alain Resnais , telling a familiar story in ways that can feel compellingly new .
Thank heaven for French movies like Mathieu Amalric 's The Blue Room , which compactly addresses the ecstasies and occasionally dangerous consequences of intimate contact .
What impresses most in this modern-day update of the 1964 novel is Amalric 's total dedication to making the passion between Julien and Esther feel palpable , since the entire story hinges on their rapport .
The film abounds in guilt and grief , reveling in a general sense of hopelessly broken social connection .
Well-acted -LRB- especially by Amalric who is extremely compelling -RRB- , beautifully shot and unimpeachably crafted , it 's a graceful rendering of a nasty little story that could have benefited from a little more formal nastiness too .
The Blue Room is a great little film - a slicing , rapid-fire report on adultery and possible foul play .
Mathieu Amalric 's adaptation of Georges Simenon 's mystery novel honors the text , but misses the atmosphere .
Amalric 's handling is cool , studied and perhaps a little self-conscious . But he does a good job of showing how adultery is a noose that tightens at the throat even before an actual crime is committed ...
This is a clipped , fragmented piece of cinematic modernism , shuffling its time frames in a staccato narrative that makes for a tense , involving experience from start to finish .
Amalric has a deft touch and has made a fine and mature directorial debut .

@highlight

The Blue Room proves a sobering study of the dark side of human nature , as well as a coolly assured directorial effort from star and co-writer Mathieu Amalric .