You can pick out the influences , but the set pieces are so charming , particularly a scene where a rogue bass throb hiccups through a restaurant and gets the stars both dancing together and falling in love , that you 'll willingly submit .
For those who seek it out - and its release seems to be very limited - it should provide a welcome antidote to the more strident forms of humour that pass for screen comedy today .
I found myself equally charmed and confounded by its seemingly endless eccentricities .
Lost In Paris has a very specific audience in mind . Fans of dance and light-hearted wackiness will like this film ... If you do n't take the film too seriously , you 're bound to have a good time .
A featherweight romantic comedy full of many tiny surprises ... hardly a single scene goes by without at least one absolutely wonderful visual conceit .
Its insistence on being absurd throughout became tiresome .
... the story of a Canadian naif -LRB- Gordon -RRB- who is stranded in Paris and falls for a local Chaplinesque tramp -LRB- Abel -RRB- is told with such broad strokes -LRB- lots of double-takes and achingly obvious pratfalls -RRB- that it eventually becomes wearisome .
Unfortunately , for all the photogenic Parisian trappings , the riverside tango and Eiffel Tower slapstick , the laborious jollity of the latest film from Fiona Gordon and Dominique Abel never takes flight .
Lost in Paris is an indie film ... that pays an homage to the days of the silent film star , Charlie Chaplin , through the antics of their lead characters .
From multi-talented Belgian/Canadian duo Dominique Abel and his partner Fiona Gordon comes a slice of light-hearted whimsy .
A charming mix of antiquity , modernity , humour and visual ambition .
It 's a little gem .
French cinema 's reigning - but sorely underappreciated - comic masters return with their distinctive brand of gawky slapstick .
The film throws in anarchic physical comedy with picture postcard-style imagery of Paris at its most alluring . It 's a generally winning combination .
It 's as infuriating as it is inventive , as it Just ... Never ... Stops . It is Paris Through the Looking Glass .
... mixture of good black humor with the candor of the slapstick of yesteryear . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
... dramatic , thematic , delightfully human . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Lost in Paris struggles to ascend beyond a modest level of light charm .
Brimming with invention and whimsy , Lost in Paris is a fun , feather-light comedy of missed connections and mistaken identity that showcases its director-stars , Fiona Gordon and Dominique Abel .
A twee delight
Dominique Abel and Fiona Gordon 's vision tries to elevate the everyday to a realm of magic by way of the absurd .
An exercise in whimsicality that might leave Wes Anderson fatigued .
As bits of fluffy fun are concerned this motion picture is a dance of delicious amusements , watching it an absolute pleasure I 'm certain to indulge in whenever the opportunity to do so might fortuitously arise .
Slight but amusing , the innocuous film takes advantage of its surroundings , highlighted by a throwback style of slapstick and vaudeville-style comedy accompanied by a charming dose of romantic whimsy .
Like formalistic whimsy , self-indulgence is tricky to get right , and Abel and Gordon do .
Lost in Paris is occasionally self-indulgent , although one could argue that 's part of its charm .
If you can forget logic ... and just go along for the ride , its absurdity can be endearing .
A deliriously funny , continuously inventive , slapstick extravaganza that Buster Keaton fans will devour with relish .
Lost in Paris is light on its feet and light of heart .
Cruel comic mishaps may be this movie 's raison d'être , but they are softened at every turn by the gentle humanity of the city 's inhabitants , and by the unspoken sense that everything will turn out fine in the end .
Lost in Paris , the new film by Dominique Abel and Fiona Gordon , is the ultimate cinematic irritant ... What it comes down to , ultimately , is your tolerance threshold for annoying ripped-off Wes Anderson formalism .
An exquisite miniature puzzle-box pop-up-book of a movie . All is color and light and exhilaration here , a fantastical lark that is sheer mischievous joy .
a charming comedy of coincidences as stylized as it is heartwarming with every movement executed with sophisticated syncopation and a burbling sense of fun .
A disarmingly-endearing homage to the Silent Film era ! If you 're familiar with the surreal cinematic stylings of Dominique Abel and Fiona Gordon , then you have an idea of what sort of treat 's in store .
When Abel and Gordon perform , it is like watching a top-flight dance troupe , except funnier .
Very poorly lit and indifferently shot , Lost in Paris becomes increasingly leaden as it progresses .
`` Lost in Paris '' grows a bit tiresome at feature length , but it 's a winning divertissement .
Lost in Paris is nonsensical by design , a comedy of the absurd that 's always entertaining and occasionally pure .
`` Lost in Paris '' could be even more insane , as Abel and Gordon have a real vision for this rarely explored cinematic tradition , and their love of the game flows throughout .
With its brisk running time , this is more or less a film you might want to see between dinner and a crepe .
Gordon and Abel incorporate elements of lighthearted musicals and silent-film comedy -LRB- a scene atop the Eiffel Tower evokes the derring-do of Harold Lloyd -RRB- and provide themselves plenty of opportunities to stretch their pliant , wiry physicality .
Lost in Paris abounds in whimsy that , for the most part , is n't irritatingly precious-a feat that 's harder to pull off than it appears .
A real charmer . The film serves as a fine modern-day example of slapstick comedy .
A far-out romantic comedy with three eccentric and lovable characters .
Thank goodness for Belgian duo Abel and Gordon . They are , simply put , the two funniest clowns working in cinema today .
This film is too scatterbrained : None of the relationships develops realistically or tenderly , even for a quirky indie . Perhaps that 's why Lost in Paris seems more like an animated children 's flick rather than a true , heart
It 's not just slapstick , it 's exquisite slapstick .
There is a certain retro-fifties Hollywood essence to the Gordon and Abel tales , the very idea that romance and goodwill triumph , though with it comes hardship for the characters along the way .
Rather than reinventing the wheel , Abel and Gordon keep turning it with their own intimate touch .
Always inventive and occasionally hilarious ...

@highlight

Lost in Paris is whimsical to a fault , but its fanciful light-heartedness earns the audience 's indulgence with charming performances and an infectious absurdity .