A promising sophomore effort from Easier with Practice writer/director Kyle Patrick Alvarez , and a great star turn for Jonathan Groff .
It feels deeply limited .
It 's not necessarily the events Sedaris describes that make his essays enjoyable ; it 's the words he uses to describe them . Without his voice , the story falls flat .
A coming-of age story with specific touches but a universal appeal .
The sardonic humor hits the mark more often than not , and Groff brings sympathy to an otherwise smug and pretentious character .
This America takes some getting used to .
Everyone in this wonderful surprise is looking for a place to belong while ultimately having to look out for No. 1 . And I do n't mean that in the spiritual sense .
I really wanted to like this film , being a fan of Sedaris ' writing , of -LRB- screenwriter-director -RRB- Alvarez and of the great actors assembled here . Unfortunately , the screenplay lacks focus and is more often cruel than comedic .
Despite some good performances and sharp screenplay , C.O.G. , like its lead character , seems stuck in the space between .
Stale , flat and unprofitable might be how Shakespeare would have also described this uninvolving David Sedaris adaptation .
Modest and good-looking , the film starts as dark comedy and ends in pathos . Director Alvarez makes the Oregon scenery a character unto itself .
People who approach it as a film in its own right , with its own rhythms and goals and pleasures , will be amply rewarded .
Despite smatterings of wit and a stable of skilled performers , `` C.O.G. '' struggles to find a consistent tone , its episodic structure veering from farcical to poignant to dangerously raw .
a dramedy that keeps you guessing where the main character is going -LRB- emotionally and physically -RRB- as he drifts from one odd situation to the next .
The film features snappy , hilarious bits among the coming-of-age vignettes , but it loses momentum as it winds toward a finish . You wo n't grow bored with the characters , but you might check your watch a few times .
For Sedaris fans , `` C.O.G. '' is a regrettably patronizing washout .
`` C.O.G '' is like a collage of Americana from the perspective of someone incapable of comprehending its value .
There are a few stretches in C.O.G. where the movie feels like it 's dawdling , much like its protagonist . But the wonderfully sad , exhilarating ending proves this filmmaker knew exactly where he was headed the entire time .
Writer-director Kyle Patrick Alvarez blends pointed satire with gallows humor , much like Sedaris himself .
Bolstered by beautiful cinematographic framing that expresses his alienation , the film strikes a fine balance between hilarity and heartbreak .
Alvarez rides a fine line with the Candide-esque nature of the story , pointing out the absurdities of the people that David meets along the way but never skirting the fact that wiseacre David has a lot to learn about the real world .
There are some who have complained that C.O.G. ends too abruptly , but it has the bracing , devastating punctuation of a fine short story .
As an adaptation of Davis Sedaris 's short essay from his acclaimed 1997 compilation , Naked , it 's a letdown , as it does n't exude the pop of the author 's trademark humor .
A deceptive film : a drama disguised as a comedy , with laughs that are undercut but sad truths .
The ace in the hole is Groff , who fluidly slides between lip-curled sarcasm and teary-eyed vulnerability-he 's the embodiment of the thrill and terror of being a not-so-little boy lost .
What was very funny in print becomes serious and occasionally dour onscreen , with fewer laughs than you would expect from a Sedaris project .
Despite Alvarez 's good work with his actors , the oil of Sedaris 's satirical characters and water of Alvarez 's indie sensibilities , refuse to mix .
Strong performances throughout and a pair of truly stellar ones make the flaws of C.O.G. easier to overlook and it continues to bolster the reputation of Alvarez as a notable young filmmaker worth watching .
The characters are of tedious cardboard and are nearly without interest , wasting the considerable character talents of the likes of Dale Dickey and Dean Stockwell .
Experience is the best teacher in Kyle Patrick Alvarez ' riveting portrait of self-discovery , C.O.G. .
The source material may be David Sedaris -LRB- this marks the first time the essayist has allowed one of his pieces to be adapted -RRB- , but the tone could n't be more Kyle Patrick Alvarez , who once again steers auds to some gloriously uncomfortable places .
Do n't expect a rash of David Sedaris screen adaptations to be sparked by this bland effort .
A compassionate light drama about the uneven path we all must take on the road to self-discovery , C.O.G. offers one lovely , heartfelt scene after another .

@highlight

C.O.G. 's plot is a bit meandering , but the characters are always compelling and the ending is richly rewarding .