Much better than you 'd expect for a film that did not do well at the box office in China and drew a 39 percent ` rotten ' rating at Rotten Tomatoes .
After a clumsy and over-complicated beginning -- I wonder how many children will know what a mastiff is ? -- this becomes a lot of fun , largely thanks to a wonderful voice performance from Eddie Izzard as a fading rock star .
In spite of some fairly middling song writing and relatively average animation , if you 're in the right frame of mind Rock Dog is actually rather a blast .
A low-down , no-darn-good movie . But terribly fascinating anyway , if more in theory than actuality .
Who does n't love seeing an underdog succeed , especially one this kind hearted and fun . A welcome surprise .
It 's consistent with the duller examples of Hollywood 's animated output .
It 's charming , gently amusing and Rock Dog does n't strum too loudly on his guitar .
Its blend of breezy music biz satire , quirky characters and rumbustious action is rather endearing .
There 's something to strike a chord with most audiences .
Not exactly the most ground-breaking story you 'll ever see , but it 's hard not to warm to a muso-friendly yarn with a character called Fleetwood Yak .
Modestly entertaining Rock Dog should satisfy young children .
This Chinese-American production may make decent television for children on a rainy day , but there 's not enough thrilling action or comedy for the big screen .
Brannon composes the odd amusing sight gag , but homogenises his notionally eastern backdrop terribly ...
Rock Dog is an easy to indulge in production that is somewhat formulaic , but comforting in its execution .
A weird and not particularly wonderful animation for children .
The definition of ` rock ' here seems to be winsome be-yourself ballads with a smattering of guitar .
You 'll long for a slightly smoother animation style -LRB- Pixar wo n't be quaking in their boots -RRB- , but this surprisingly fun yarn will undoubtedly have youngsters reaching for the nearest guitar .
All of the voice support is pleasing , but just like the animated journey itself , it 's all a little too bland and unmemorable for one to go nuts over .
If Rock Dog were a band , they would be more opening act than headliner .
There 's nothing offensive or repellent about this admittedly acceptable film for kids , -LSB- but -RSB- there 's also nothing enthralling in it ...
The plot lacks creativity and feels like a strange - and deficient - mix between elements and situations that Ratatouille -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and Kung Fu Panda -LRB- 2008 -RRB- had . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An excruciating , unendurable stinker from first frame to last .
Offering nary a moral lesson to be learned , the streamlined story zips from one joke to the next with welcome space for left-field absurdities and a casual momentum even the godawful musical numbers ca n't entirely neuter .
The film 's disjointed plot and stock characters feel like a flat , lifeless knock off of better animated films that have come before it .
This draggy , computer-animated feature exhibits neither bark nor bite in its portrayal of a sheep-guarding , guitar-playing Himalayan mastiff who has his head perpetually in the clouds .
Rock Dog shares a more similar theme to Zootopia : follow your dreams no matter of the odds .
... we deserve better than a cut-rate Kung Fu Panda/Zootopia/Yellow Submarine mash-up that 's substantially inferior to everything it apes .
All this is every bit as silly and innocuous as its sounds , and it goes down , if not like honey , than like very finely spun cotton candy .
Despite lessons for kiddos about following your dreams , the film 's humor most often falls flat .
It took nine people to write the cheap-looking animated film Rock Dog , and not one of them ever stopped to consider the fact that the dog of the title never rocks .
Animated comedy is old-fashioned and fun ; some peril .
Not rocket science or much of a rocker . There are plenty of laughs and that 's especially true if you know anything about sheep . A great cast has a lot of fun with this one .
A sweet-natured but awfully clumsy animated tale . Best for very young viewers .
Taking an ode to the power of musical rebellion and running it through the mill of committee-thinking winds up being no rock and roll fun .
Brannon 's slapstick comedy of errors works its tail off to entertain , but it 's just too doggone long and short on laugh-out-loud moments .
Bodi is a likeable hero and it is fun to see his cheery optimism paired with the burned-out , cynical Angus .
Predictable , recycled and exploits a rather obsolete american fantasy . I think you should n't underestimate children to make a film for them . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Director Ash Brannon finds a nice blend of music , adventure and comedy that he presents with a couple of different animation styles .
Never exactly soars as original entertainment , although it avoids the frantic , cheeky , attention-deficit ethos of so much mass-marketed kid fare .
This movie will make you happy , for 80 minutes at least .
It 's terminally bland , the script lacking any sense of surprise or suggestion of edginess ; adults will find it utterly predictable , but even tykes are likely to react to the ` follow your dream ' message with a ho-hum attitude .
Unlike in Pixar and Disney features , they also do n't raise the bar much beyond the level of cartoons packed with flashy action sequences and 13 catchy songs .
Once again , Chinese and American filmmakers pool their resources , only to find that having more money does n't make it talk any more persuasively .
When there are so many sophisticated animated movies coming to the theaters , it 's likely that `` Rock Dog '' may soon be forgotten .
There 's just not enough on the screen to buy into `` Rock Dog . '' It does n't gel , and lacks the kind of visual kinetics and energy we 've come to expect from films of this ilk .
Rock Dog is memorable enough , especially that not-bad song that eventually ties everything together , and it goes down easy . Just like popcorn .
Intermittently diverting as it may be , the movie bears all the earmarks of a cobbled-together , made-by-committee product , poorly aimed at its tween-and-younger target audience in look , tone , music and story .
Not a laugh in it .
Rock Dog 's optimism and follow-your-dreams themes make it a sure bet for family entertainment .
Too lackluster to be praised highly , yet too benign to be excoriated , `` Rock Dog '' is the perfect family film for a rainy day with no other options .
It 's one randomly diverting flourish after the next as Bodi makes the journey from his cloistered home to the big city and potential ax-shredding stardom .
The film , based on a Chinese graphic novel and directed by Ash Brannon , keeps its animation simple and its story lines clear , which makes it reliable fare for the 10-and-younger set .
An entertaining film that has gags for all ages , rock and lovable characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-

@highlight

Rock Dog is amiable enough , but its second-tier animation and uninspired story add up to a movie whose meager charms are likely to escape all but the youngest and least demanding viewers .