-LSB- Snow Angels -RSB- is aching with cross-purposes and shimmering with flirty jokes .
It starts out as a lyrically beautiful work , but goes amiss at the halfway mark and concludes with a misplaced harrowing finale .
There 's still a lot of excellent work in Snow Angels . The first hour is utterly engrossing . But there 's also a lot of wasted potential , which is too bad .
Frequently perched between the poetic and the twee , Green has been bitten by the Whimsy Bug
So when the film 's moment of horror arrives , it 's not with suspense but instead the sort of dully anticipatory inevitability that drains as much energy from the story as from the audience .
Impressive for the mood it creates , the film may not totally satisfy , but the characters are richly depicted and reflect the snowy winter chill that surrounds them
Hopefully , one of these days , Green will be bold enough to make a movie where nothing happens , where conversation is both his means and his end .
David Gordon Green is a very unique filmmaker .
Green is a director who takes his time with characters , allowing their different sides to self-illustrate in naturalistic settings as he simultaneously paints their worlds .
Powerful performances all around , but too many tangled and twisted family trees . Scorecard , please .
Rockwell , who brought a sense of desperate unease to his roles in ` The Assassination of Jesse James ' and ` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind , ' does the same here , with results that are at once frightening and pathetically sad .
Every so often , a movie comes along that knocks the wind out of you . Snow Angels is one of them .
... the film 's positive attributes were for me not quite enough to make up for the movie 's unrelentingly grim tone .
It feels sort of like a poor man 's version of American Beauty , stripped of all the good parts and devoted only to a low-budget wallowing in misery that will leave you shell-shocked and depressed on your way out of the theater .
It 's a hard movie to sit through at times , but if you 're a fan of the actors , especially Rockwell , I believe you will find it a rewarding experience .
Could they have made more of a slow , dull and boring film ?
` We love you no matter what your job is , ' a character tells her son . That 's a love that this very humanistic if dark film asks us to extend to everybody , even those whose sins invite outrage and disgust .
Might be -LRB- David Gordon -RRB- Green 's best film .
For all its noble intentions and universal truths , Snow Angels is not a great movie . It 's not a grand movie . It 's barely a very good movie .
There 's a certain beauty in the bleakness , in the stark , snowy landscapes , and in the characters whose lives are just as barren .
There is brutality in Snow Angels , but little bitterness . Like sunlight on ice , its painful beauty glints and stabs the eyes .
Good meditation on class , but too grim for casual moviegoers and not poetic enough for art-housers
It 's a movie that keeps its distance from the characters , so much that we can shudder at what we fear is to come but are n't really allowed to mourn the innocent trapped in this downward spiral .
Snow Angels , especially in its overwrought second half , merely wallows in unearned sadness .
-LRB- David Gordon -RRB- Green 's finest film in four attempts to pop the hood on human nature reveals not just conflicted human engines , but at least one character fighting to keep the wheels from coming off .
A perfect match of material and sensibility .
It 's well-made . Searingly acted . Potent . And by the time it was over , its climax realized at the water 's edge of insanity and grief , I felt beaten about the head with sticks .
Kate Beckinsale is too good for any of the guys in Snow Angels and too good for this movie .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Green knows how to convey a mood visually and develop tension with his camera . He just does n't give people enough interesting things to say or know when to shut them up .
Worth seeing despite its flaws and the deep depression it 's likely to leave you with .
We find ourselves again in that classily downbeat indie-film world of American suburbia , where life has an archly banal quality and seething tensions bring about a tangible hush -- usually resulting in suffocated marriages and catastrophic violence .
-LSB- Writer/director Green -RSB- has worked with cinematographer Tim Orr since his 2000 debut George Washington , but this time their trademark pastoral rhythms seem patchwork and the characters transparent .
Why put yourself through such a sad movie , no matter how well it 's made ? Because ... movies this moving are rare birds that do n't pass this way too often .
It 's hard to feel anything but frosty sentiments towards this melodrama , a rather chilly adaptation of Stewart O'Nan 's well-regarded novel .
Yes , it 's painful , but Snow Angels is so full of rich performances and characterizations that even gunshots ca n't kill its power .
The characters all share a sense of loneliness , sadness and impending doom . Like walking black holes , they are the types of people that you 'd want to avoid if possible . -LSB- Avoid the movie too ! -RSB-
The charming and natural performance by Michael Angarano -LSB- provides -RSB- a necessary counterpoint to Sam Rockwell 's patented grandstanding .
By the time this intense , well-made drama has run its inevitable course you might well want to collapse in the snow and wave your own arms up and down in surrender .
This wonderfully distinctive filmmaker is suffering growing pains , trying to wrestle his meandering , oddball sensibilities into the requirements of conventional genre forms .
Snow Angels does nothing to alleviate the pall of depression that hangs over American movies .
Sam Rockwell and Kate Beckinsale are each as good as they 've ever been as the central , troubled couple , and the rest of the cast also impresses .
The writing and the performances are such that as things go from bad -LRB- sad motel-room affairs -RRB- to worse -LRB- a 4-year-old gone missing -RRB- , the film 's characters get inside your skin , your soul . It 's enough to make you want to cry .
Snow Angels can painfully burrow into one 's heart , but such is the cost of empathy , or any human connection for that matter .
There are no joyous moments to balance the heavy-handed dose of everyday reality some people are forced to endure .
The movie entertains , albeit not in a way that will induce you to tell all your friends .
The most-flawed film by a tremendously important American director .
... the movie , buoyed by the uniformly strong performances and inclusion of several admittedly powerful sequences , ultimately comes off as one of Green 's more consistent efforts .
Snow Angels is an essential examination of dreams deferred through a darkness that lies dormant in the yin and yang of our vulnerable lives . While it 's a difficult film to absorb , it 's always absorbing .
Rockwell gives a towering performance , perhaps the best of his zigzagging career .
Writer/director David Gordon Green is a master at crafting natural dialogue and at selecting surprising actors to bring it to life .
David Gordon Green , among the most gifted of the young independent filmmakers , creates a mood that engulfs you in the lives of his characters .
Throughout , Green 's command of time and place proves unfaltering , carefully unspooling revelations that surprise , enlighten and haunt to the bitter end .
Thoughtfully crafted but ultimately lugubrious , Green 's latest only really connects when the director sticks to the small stuff .
So do the final 15 minutes negate the power of all that 's gone before ? Unfortunately , yes . Unless , that is , you 're in the mood to embrace awfulness . In which case , rock on .
Enough with these meek , banal exercises , David Gordon Green . Hit me with the sledgehammer in your heart .
It 's a relatively impersonal project for Green , though the performances are never less than genuine and the two stories unfold in graceful counterpoint as the movie hurtles toward a harrowing and heartbreaking conclusion .
The sabotage plotting , sometimes engaging dialogue , visual inventiveness , a distant soundtrack and some occasionally gripping performances only add up to a film that leaves one feeling as frozen as those snow angels .
Snow Angels will please steadfast -LSB- David Gordon -RSB- Green fans , even if its star power makes it seem as if he 's been inching toward the mainstream all along .
It 's a crazy , unfathomable question . It 's about faith .
An accomplished , wrenching , satisfying drama of the highest order .
A strangely exhilarating and undeniably powerful work of American cinema that is sure to go down as one of the very best films of the year .
For all the misery and emotional mess of Snow Angels , -LSB- director David Gordon -RSB- Green finds resilience and hope in the kids and even in some of the grown-ups .
A drama that finds a delicate balance between the consolations of romance and the bitterness of its failure .
What , after all , is Snow Angels ? It feels like a comedy at first and is often blackly comedic , but it also reflects a universe in which each human spins alone .
With the sublimely moving Snow Angels , writer-director David Gordon Green has made the best film about parents , children and relational perils since Little Children .
Director David Gordon Green gives us glimpses into the lives of the characters populating his canvas but there 's a feeling that he 's only scratching the surfaces of stories that have deeper undercurrents .
Close in spirit to George Washington and All the Real Girls , with quirky characters , a bittersweet tone and an effortless sense of time and place .
A great director shines a light into the lives of the ordinary ; a lame one offs a child and pretends that 's magnitude .
The plot becomes disjointed in the second half and suffers from tone changes . Still , the performances are compelling enough to make Snow Angels worth seeing .
Snow Angels begins with a wink , but it ends with a sucker punch . And somehow this does n't feel fair .
Instead of inescapable , the ending seems perfunctory and somewhat ridiculous . You do n't feel the horror when we get to those final shots -- only relief that the movie is over .
There is hope in devastation , new chances for life in the passing throws of tragic death , and Green has all this and more on his mind as his story starts drawing to its close .
A well-meaning , well-crafted drama ... . The characters are nicely drawn , but at the end it 's hard not to wonder just what the point was .
The film 's success is due in large part to actors who are both faithful to all the social minutiae and seductive enough to keep you watching .
David Gordon Green , I 've loved all of his films . And the cast is just uniformly excellent here .
Incisive , ferociously acted , relentlessly somber character piece by writer-director David Gordon Green features powerhouse performances by Sam Rockwell and Kate Beckinsale .
Flails about in search of poetry .
this stellar cast uniformly captures both the flaws and the humor of their characters amid the pathos .
A quirky coming-of-age drama set in a small town in 1974 that revolves around the mysteries of love , loss , and human yearning .
A spellbinding film for the discerning moviegoer .
Despite some foreshadowing in the opening scene , the film 's change of key in the second half feels like a betrayal .
Rockwell 's never been a guy who makes a movie comfortable , but when he turns up in this film , he brings along a serious case of the willies .
For a film full of murder , jealousy and fatalism , Snow Angels feels curiously small and anecdotal , and its impact diminishes as it nears its terrible conclusion .
... something like an extremely elegant episode of ` The Jerry Springer Show . '
Coolly , crushingly complex .
There are about two or three different films fighting for control of the screen during David Gordon Green 's powerful but flawed Snow Angels
... in the end the movie feels like tragedy propped up as art with overworked art direction and misdirected male actors .
In spite of strong performances and a characteristically vivid sense of place , the film feels disjointed and heavy .
Writer-director David Gordon Green 's brave and magnificently performed period piece -LRB- mid - '70s -RRB- witnesses an adolescent 's first romance as it blossoms amid a dissonant backdrop of disintegrating marriages .
An uneven , at times even comic tone spoils the grim beauty of Stewart O'Nan 's novel about disintegrating marriages and adolescent disillusion in a rust belt town .
In it 's painfully accurate portrayal of characters struggling to make their way in a world that oftentimes seems cruelly unfair and confusing , Snow Angels rings resoundingly true .
Snow Angels is such a fascinating smorgasbord of flawed behavior that it exerts the voyeuristic pull of a first-rate small-town soap opera .
Lacks distinctiveness that would lift it above middle-of-the-road domestic drama .
Blessed with wonderful material and cast , Green , who again shows his respect for the naturalism of real moments , steers clear of soap opera or familiar melodrama .
It 's one of the most relentlessly honest and bleakly disturbing mirrors to American despair since American Beauty , at half the price .
This small town portrait is n't eccentric ; it 's just an indie-agnostic Peyton Place .
Green keeps mum until the end , charging his tale with an effective -LRB- if manipulative -RRB- aura of suspense .
An indie for people who love indies .
I just do n't know anyone that I could recommend this sober film to go see . Yes , Rockwell is impressive , but it 's in a role I would rather forget .
On par with Little Children in terms of the writing and performances , including one of Kate Beckinsale 's shining moments .
Parts of it are amusing , and there are wintry images that eat into the mind . But it 's one of the most disjunctive things I 've ever sat through .
Green does n't seem to be charting a recognizable world , only the contours of his own mind .
A film that 's not shy about generating emotional pain and a great sadness , in part by bringing instability to the blowing point .
If you do not believe that divorce can be among the most stressful events of a person 's life , you will after this intense film .
Green does n't want the viewer dumbfounded as to how to react so much as to match every laugh with a shudder . It 's a balance of humiliation and empathy that ultimately works .
With a deep understanding of his characters , Green has crafted a film that 's devastating and uplifting without sounding a false note .
After the artistic and commercial failure of Undertow -LRB- his only genre film -RRB- , Green is back on terra firma with a grim and harsh yet lyrical dissection of three emotionally intense relationships .
The beautiful outdoor photography extends -LSB- director -RSB- Green 's fascination with nature as a realm of beauty and danger , a place where men , women and children alike experience their final reckonings .
While often hard to watch because of its unflinching portrayal of the ugliness that love can take , Snow Angels succeeds because of the depth of its well-drawn characters .




@highlight

With fine acting and considerable emotional depth , Snow Angels aptly captures the highs , and especially the lows of human relationships .