A stinker .
What works greatly to the movie 's credit is the pacing -LRB- never a dull moment here ! -RRB- and that sense of ` What 's going to happen next ? '
It 's sad that audiences are lining up to throw money at this just a few months after largely ignoring Neeson in a pretty good crime thriller , A Walk Among the Tombstones .
Please do n't bother with Taken 3 . There 's nothing redeemable about it .
Limping toward the film 's climax with a bizarre underwear fight might have sealed it .
It 's Neeson that franchise fans will come back for . And although his lethally protective father routine has run its course , it 's been fun watching the old bloke make the most of it .
Its hilarious , mind-bendingly stupid climax is nearly worth the price of admission alone .
Taken 3 is n't a bad time ; it 's often laughable without veering totally into self-parody .
What a spectacular way to ruin a great character . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Taken 3 may be this movie 's title , but the only thing taken here will be your money if you decide to pay to see what is the worst film in this franchise .
Thriller fans looking for a bit of brainless biff will lap it up .
If the tagline It Ends Here is true then it 's a poor finale , but perhaps it 's the right time it is taken off our screens .
There is no redeeming value to Taken 3 . We do n't get the satisfaction of a well-made action movie , the pleasure of elaborate stunt work or the pure joy of watching Liam Neeson badass his way through a bunch of heavies .
Everyone involved with this picture should be embarrassed , and boy do they look it .
`` Taken 3 ″ is easily the weakest of the three films . Oh , sure , Neeson kicks some backside . But , this time the plotting is feeble and the action scenes are just barely acceptable .
Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice , shame on me . Fool me thrice , and now you 're just sequel-baiting .
He never discovers the real killers are returning director Olivier Megaton and producer-auteur Luc Besson , who callously dispose of the sympathetic Lenore to create new motivation for their hero 's lethal kinesthesia and for their own chaotic set pieces .
So blatantly lazy and outrageously stupid it somehow makes me like the first Taken a little bit less . End this merciless tedium .
It is time for Mills to finally settle into a quiet retirement while Neeson moves on to better , heretofore untaken -LRB- in every sense -RRB- action showcases .
If , in the first 20 minutes of this dreck , you ca n't spot at least three plot holes big enough to drive a monster truck through , then you 're probably on the phone .
Forest Whitaker turns in one of his sleepiest performances ; no one else seems to be trying very hard either , yet director Olivier Megaton delivers some good chases , fist fights , and shots of Neeson looking glum .
Taken 3 is n't a good movie . Against all logic , it is n't a bad movie , either . Instead , it 's so casual and indifferent to itself it lapses into something altogether appalling .
A movie that thinks the way to earn our knuckle-biting is to be as dull as hell for 35 minutes , then send a giant shipping container hurtling along the interstate . But you yawn through that , too .
Taken 3 takes the franchise past the point of absurdity - purely for the sake of selling a third series installment .
There 's something sluggishly formulaic about the rollout of smackdowns , chase scenes and general mayhem involving wrecked cars . And a plot point involving warm bagels is downright ludicrous .
With a damp squib of a sequel under its belt , the ` Taken ' franchise grinds to an utterly underwhelming finale .
Noisy , indecipherable nonsense and floppy , dismally uninteresting character drama .
The utterly asinine , cliché-ridden , and aimless Taken 3 is so inept on every level ...
... wheezes by with an inescapable sense of fatigue .
A poor man 's Fugitive , cut with generic action beats , washing powder , sugar , and other stuff designed to kill the buzz .
The movie stinks . It does n't stink in a clever or interesting way . It 's not even so bad that it 's funny .
As with the first two films in this dumb but bombastically watchable franchise , writers Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen seemingly put no effort into writing a script that can even remotely hold water .
Producer Luc Besson and director Olivier Megaton appear to have forgotten what made the earlier Taken movies such guilty-pleasure hits .
`` Taken 2 '' refashioned Bryan Mills in the image of Brosnan instead of Bronson . `` Taken 3 '' works in a similarly bland , proficient groove . `` It ends here , '' says the poster . Let 's hope so . We , and Neeson , have better things to do .
The tagline promises `` It ends here '' but the denouement keeps the door open for more . What next ? Taken 4 : Taken the Piss ?
Olivier Megaton -LRB- Taken 2 -RRB- directs again , and from the movie 's flagging energy level , it appears as if he , too , is ready to retire this series .
Not as much fun as it should have been , but still enjoyable in its own cheesy way .
This intentionally superficial character and premise have been stretched out much further than they were ever meant to be stretched .
The character of Bryan Mills is neutered into a generic action hero that barely has the depth to be believable in a 90s-era made-for-Showtime movie .
Nothing gets taken here except your ticket money .
... a sequel that 's right in line with its immediate predecessor ...
All you need to know about Taken 3 is that Liam Neeson survives an explosive car crash - twice .
The logy screenplay , by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen , sags under head-clutchingly banal dramatic scenes . Only Mr. Neeson 's appeal somehow survives unscathed , perhaps the most impressive stunt of all .
Here it 's the audience that gets taken .
Neeson 's late-life rebirth as an action star may be drawing to a close with this limping , wheezing entry in the `` Taken '' franchise .
Empowerment porn for those who long for the Cold War 's clarity of purpose and American dominance in this murky age of terror .
Has the same nauseatingly bad script , predictably tedious plot , offensively clichéd characterization and lifeless action that has populated hundreds of lame action films before it .
Taken 3 is such a blatant paycheque gig for Liam Neeson , you almost expect him to stop midmovie to deposit his loot into an ATM .
... formulaic , often preposterous ... Director Luc Besson has clearly lost his way in this film . Oh , well , all good things must come to an end , and that 's what 's happened to this franchise . Too bad . With new blood it could continue for a long time .
Neither 3xcr3able nor 3citing , Tak3n is cold steakums for action fans that want fresh meat .
Be warned , sequel fanboys : This thing sucks ! At 62 , Neeson still has a glare that means badass . Nothing else makes a damn lick of sense . The only thing getting taken is the audience .
This is a movie as its own death wish . To call it cheap , lazy , and perfunctory grants it a dignity that implies there was another path it could have taken .
`` Taken 3 '' is so unintentionally hilarious I could n't help but wonder - do movie contracts carry a humiliation bonus clause these days ?
Taken 3 makes Taken 2 look like Taken .
... it 's the audience 's time and money that gets snatched , and not even Bryan Mills , with all his special skills , can stop that from happening .
All kinds of problems are forgivable in a movie like this if the finished product is exciting . That does n't happen here .
If you love the other `` Taken '' movies , you will like this . But if you 're determined to love it , you 'll have to talk yourself into it - and even then , it might not work .
It 's the weakest of the trilogy , but Taken 3 kicks just hard enough to survive another day .
Neeson 's charisma , Whitaker 's gravitas , and a few smart action choices supplying action junkies with enough vitamins to live another day .
The premise is pretty much the same : Mess with Neeson 's loved ones and you will die .
Because Mills ' hyper-competence never seems exciting , it instead becomes giggle-inducing .
This time around , the only thing getting taken is your money .
Megaton brings a cheese-grater approach to the editing of the action scenes , flitting from one angle to the next with no apparent concern for the effectiveness of any of them .
Starting with the unimaginative -LRB- and , as it happens , incorrect -RRB- title , `` Taken 3 , '' directed by Oliver Megaton , is both lazy and tremendously overwrought .
If you 've seen Taken or Taken 2 , you 've already been taken , and there 's not much different here .
I 'll tell you what got `` Taken . '' A hundred and twelve minutes of my life got `` Taken . ''
This time , it 's the audience that gets ... TAKEN .
Taken with no one taken ? That would be like The Exorcist with no exorcist . Cabin in the Woods with no cabin in the woods . Nightmare on Elm Street with no nightmares .
Taken 3 is exactly what one might anticipate from an unnecessary sequel in a mediocre franchise .
With his quirks and thoughtful manner , Whitaker seems to be in a different movie . Neeson knows better , just going through the motions and spouting the idiotic dialogue that Besson and Kamen cooked up in English and Russian .
The concept is lame , and the execution is lame , too . The more the film advances , the less we care about the plot - or anything that happens to anybody , really .
The original Taken was a much better movie than anyone thought it would be . Taken 3 , on the other hand , is the movie everyone did think Taken was going to be .
Tediously trifling domestic melodrama , punctuated by a discordant series of screeching , seemingly endless car chases on the Southern California freeways .
Taken 3 makes Taken 2 look like Taken .
Taken 3 makes clear that the only place left for this franchise to be taken is out back , and put out of its misery .
So low-rent that it feels like everyone involved - from the writers to the director to the star - just decided to put as little effort into the follow-up as possible .
Liam Neeson does n't have anything left to be taken .
The first Taken was a gem . Its second sequel is an insult .
Generic , in all the worst ways
The action sequences are not only visually confusing , but tension free .
Different enough to avoid becoming ridiculous , but not original enough to truly excite , Taken 3 may satisfy action fans but it 's unlikely anybody will be begging for part four .
Taken 3 is n't just superficially lazy . That quality is the core of the movie 's being .
-LSB- It -RSB- is n't so much out of gas as it is dragging itself away from the stalled car across the baking desert by its fingernails .
Mégaton and editors Audrey Simonaud and Nicolas Trembasiewicz take every fist-fight , shoot-out and highway chase and shred them into milliseconds of mismatched visual information like something out of a latter-day Godard movie .
Listen to me very carefully : Your money is about to be taken .
Just another extended chase movie , one far longer -- and sillier -- than a Road Runner cartoon .
Mildly competent and mostly diverting , but the formula is getting stale , and it feels like everyone involved knows it . These characters deserve a break , and so does this increasingly preposterous , threadbare series .
Surely they had to know this would n't be a satisfying payoff .
The kind of thing you give to Gary Busey , not the Oscar-nominated star of ` The Grey ' -LRB- a masterpiece -RRB- .
What is laughable here is the extraordinarily clunky way in which the screenplay -LRB- co-written by the film 's producer Luc Besson -RRB- combines family melodrama with random chases and fights .
With his third kidnapping caper , Taken 3 , Liam Neeson takes self-parody to new lows and the result is hysterically , enjoyably bad .
It 's how I 'd imagine an over-caffeinated Tony Scott would shoot a Transformer-less Transformers film .
The tagline for Taken 3 is ` It Ends Here ' and we must all pray that it does .
Liam Neeson cuts a rather sorry figure in what 's less a final flourish for the series than a prolonged death rattle .
Megaton 's choppy editing barely disguises his star 's hatred of running , while a brutal 12A neutering lessens what limited fun remains in seeing Oskar Schindler creakily throw a Russian bad ` un into some supermarket shelves .
Undemanding , formulaic fare ...
In this third installment , it 's the audience that gets taken ... for its time , money , and intelligence .
the charismatic presence of Liam Neeson and his impenetrable sense of decency carry the film way beyond its thrilling action sequences .
The Taken series is a right-wing male revenge fantasy and while we write these films off as silly and puerile they 're influencing how Americans are seeing the world .
In the wake of Taken 2 and 3 we 're completely sober to the fact that this veteran vengeance porn has become its own parody .
It 's difficult to know what subtitle to give this . Taken 3 : Not Again , or Taken 3 : Seriously ? or Taken 3 : This Is Getting a Bit Much Frankly .
This is as hackneyed and unashamedly cynical as sequels get , a miserable blend of tin-eared soap opera and clunky action that feels infinitely longer than its 109 minutes .
Seven years on , and with three episodes of The Expendables leaving the geri-action flick well and truly spent , Taken 3 feels as dozy as a pensioner in the midday sun .
No obvious connection to Takens passim other than its focus on a middle-aged man who 'll punch or shoot anyone with a Slavic accent .
Flailing handheld camerawork , frantic over-editing and claustrophobic close-ups make it basically impossible to distinguish Mills from his enemies , or to decipher the geography of a given scene .
` Taken 3 ' scores over its predecessor on almost every level : the stakes are higher , the LA locations are nicely photographed and , best of all , there 's an actual plot , with twists and everything .
Being on the run from American cops instead of wonky-shooting Albanians might not seem like much of a change but it 's just enough to make Bryan interesting again .
While this time round the violence is pretty mild -LRB- the series is chasing the younger action-crowd -RRB- and packed with rather familiar chase scenes there are still some action sequences that deliver ...
Besson 's team has signed off the trilogy with a whimper rather than the kind of unfettered bang delivered by the first two films .
The third and presumably final installment of the Liam Neeson action franchise is a mind-numbing , crash-bang misfire .

@highlight

Hampered by toothless PG-13 action sequences , incoherent direction , and a hackneyed plot , Taken 3 serves as a clear signal that it 's well past time to retire this franchise .