As a disaster -LSB- movie -RSB- ... it 's oddly reassuring .
I do n't think The Day After Tomorrow will pacify audiences as well as its predecessors , because even as disaster movies go , this one is a write-off .
When the big money shot in the movie leaves you strangely unmoved you know you have a problem . Billions die , but the titular American heroes remain unvanquished .
if you want to see Mother Nature kick some butt , this is your bag
`` Trite '' really is n't doing justice to the degree to which -LSB- the film -RSB- has not a single thought , character , or line of dialogue that had n't been run into the ground by the beginning of the '80s .
Some cool special effects ... that 's about it .
This is a popcorn film with a fact based concept , and that 's all it is ...
The ecological theme is not advanced with any subtlety , but so what ? The film works with the broad brushstrokes appropriate to a popular entertainment .
High-strung , melodramatic hogwash steeped in a measure of scientific fact . Emmerich takes it as seriously as he can and his movie , as a result , delivers more provocative fun than you might expect .
Do n't even get me started on the hilarity of the scene where a bunch of people outrun a blast of freezing air and close the doors on it .
this is one film viewers might want to put off until some time long , long after the day after tomorrow .
Like any other Emmerich movie , this one is loaded with humor , mostly unintentional .
In case you missed the memo , it 's official : God hates us .
Preposterous , slow , and unimaginative .
This is the movie equivalent of trying to get someone to stop smoking by saying , ` Do n't smoke , or you 'll die instantly within 24 hours ! '
L'intérêt envers l'orgie d'effets spéciaux baisse rapidement alors que rien d'autre dans ce film ne peut valoir le coût ou la peine d'être vu . .
What is included on the DVD is mediocre , but it 's what 's not included that really hurts this release .
They should be ashamed of themselves by squandering so much money on such a putrid piece of work .
The patched-together human side of the story does n't stand a chance against the special effects , which are frequently fun to look at .
Beyond the often stunning visuals , I found most of the movie boring , worried it was n't going to end until at least the day after tomorrow .
Many of the clichés in this movie predate the last Ice Age .
A shambles of dud writing and dramatic inconsequence which left me determined to double my consumption of fossil fuels .
'Em merich es un cineasta que tiene estupendos momentos de entretenimiento a pesar de que a media película todo se vaya a la borda . '
Emmerich 's reign at the top of the mega-movie empire does n't show any signs of dissipating with this unmissable treat .
In 2004 , watching downtown skyscrapers collapse ... should cause more queasiness than the filmmakers intend , even if the buildings are located in Los Angeles .
Even the names of the characters are weak and unoriginal .
... the visual highlights are unable to stand on their own ; they get buried behind a screen of shoddy characterizations , useless subplots and cheesy ploys for tension .
It 's the end of the world and it looks just fine .
It 's like Deep Impact as made by Michael Moore , and that 's a good thing , or a good enough thing .
Funnier than anything since Battlefield Earth .
Each set piece is good , clean apocalyptic fun , and that 's what I paid to see .
The movie settles into a generic soap opera broken up with enough fancy effects shots to cut a nifty trailer .
The Bush and Cheney look-a-likes took a pretty good beating for being the heads of the evil administration that brought on all the trouble .
amazing imagery , moody score , ludicrous science , mentally challenged dialogue and eyeball-scratching acting
Let 's put it this way : They wo n't be giving Roland Emmerich an honorary doctorate in meteorology .
... the film 's stars seem to be slightly out of phase with the action .
If Emmerich 's science does n't compute , his blizzard of special effects should at least get you fired up .
Emmerich 's destruction of New York is haunting , if not downright chilling , but after the disaster , there 's no place for the movie to go and Emmerich knows it .
The story is compelling and plausible enough for non-experts . Much like a Jerry Bruckheimer disaster film : lots of CGI to create its images of colossal destruction .
... the situations are just so ludicrous that it really detracts from the quality of the special effects ...
Puts me in mind of a great truism : `` Instant gratification is n't fast enough . '' For Emmerich , neither is nature .
... there 's not enough diversion to keep one 's mind from fixating on some of the stupider plot points .
Colossal , cheesy , and meaningless .
`` The Day after Tomorrow is junk , but it 's not a rip-off . Emmerich sincerely wants to entertain you , which is more than you can say for most of his Hollywood peers . ''
The frequently stunning sights and sounds temper its lack of intellect . If Al Gore thinks this film is going to convert millions , let 's not melt Mr. Freeze 's fantasy .
An exceptionally stupid movie .
For all of its dire premonitions , foreshadowings of horror and easy targets for Jay Leno jokes , The Day After Tomorrow is eye-poppingly awesome and wonderfully entertaining .
... stupider than Twister !
The next step is a movie that is all destruction and extras being bludgeoned , buried , drowned , frozen , or eaten by wolves without recourse to any pesky screenplay .
... a long-winded and loopy meteorology mishap . It 's too bad that this global gloom session could n't sweep away any sooner than its two-hour running time
Could have benefited from the presence of , say , Ralph Macchio , Kobe Bryant , Clay Aiken or Michael Jackson as a singing priest .
The first 20 minutes are painful , but what 's a disaster movie without cliches ?
Liberal ? Hysterical ? Preposterous ? What 's not to like ?
It may not be a great movie , or even an outstanding disaster popcorn flick - but its heart is in the right place
The cast is able to literally outrun the destructive power of the cold , but they ca n't survive the killing wave of contrivances and disaster cliches .
A torrent of clichés inundates audiences in this ecological-environmental disaster feature , which has as much scientific authenticity as an old Flash Gordon serial .
It fulfills its summer air-conditioning duties with flippant ease , and its enjoyably cloddish attempts at political relevance add a fascinating layer of incongruity .
The Day After Tomorrow starts out with a special effects bang , but then grinds to a halt for the final hour .
... brisk pacing and an upbeat tone keep viewers engaged even as the thrills subside .
The good news is , it 's no Godzilla . Fine , that does n't mean much , but it 's also a better realized disaster film than ID4 or the putrescent Armageddon .
The late Irwin Allen is beaming down from on high .
Where 's Yukon Cornelius when you need him ?
Un film absolument ridicule .
As for our friends to the north in Canada , `` They 're quite screwed , '' said the President . `` Think of it as Mother Nature 's ` thank you ' for William Shatner . ''
More of a disaster as a film than entertaining or informative .
Gives new meaning to the phrase `` disaster '' movie .
The plot contrivances on display are so silly that the theme is hard to take seriously on any rational level .
The Day After Tomorrow is enjoyable in its junky way .
A pretty good disaster movie despite some silliness and lapses in logic .
You expect great spectacle , you do n't expect smart dialogue and scientific believability . In that sense , the film does n't disappoint .
Most of the movie is spent watching Jack Gyllenhaal shiver ominously next to Steve Urkel .
Besides being an exciting and suspenseful movie , ` The Day After Tomorrow ' should be a wake-up call for us all .
It also stinks to high heaven , and enduring this piece of cinematic hokum is akin to eating seven-month-old Easter Eggs : they may look pretty , but they 'll sure as heck give you food poisoning .
A big , dumb movie , another Hollywood entertainment that , instead of tweaking and teasing our brains for fun , leaves us feeling thick and stupid .
This film is the worst that it can be .
The real star here is some excellent computer-generated effects that actually look real .
A popcorn movie that turns into an eat-your-vegetables movie .
Sua fragilidade narrativa pouco significa frente à boa causa que representa . Além disso , é sempre divertido ver -LRB- nas telas -RRB- ondas gigantes cobrindo uma metrópole , não é mesmo ?
The only earthquake you 'll feel is the natural sensurround of people snoring in their seats and then again as people run for the exits
-LSB- It -RSB- delivers Emmerich 's two trademarks , spectacularly cool special-effects shots and hilariously overwrought disaster-movie dialogue .
It 's the Weather Channel on steroids .
The Day After Tomorrow is n't just bad , it 's Godzilla bad , on a par with Emmerich 's previous cinematic low point .
A lopsided mix of top-shelf spectacle and cut-rate casting .
It 's just so very bad .
The Day After Tomorrow is less about serious issues and more about big-money special effects and shameless sentimentality .
The Day After Tomorrow is n't satisfying in every way , but in the ways that really matter , it 's one superior disaster movie .
If it 's spectacle you crave at the movies , this is the place .
The Day After Tomorrow has pretty good special effects and the body heat of pure kitsch .
Expensive cheese .
The only truly scary thing about this doomsday popcorn flick is the momumental ineptitude of the acting , writing and directing .
In the words of its star , Dennis Quaid , Emmerich has made ` the mother of all disaster movies . '
Frequently exciting .
Another day at the office for director Roland Emmerich , who has previously attacked American cities in Independence Day and Godzilla .
It is preposterous , old fashioned , high-cheese B-moviemaking , but you ca n't say it ai n't entertaining .
Global warming is no joke , but this is pretty silly stuff . Still , the special effects are impressive and some of the ironies are amusing .
a cautionary thriller that delivers its dire warnings with about as much tact and delicacy as Chicken Little ... often shamefully entertaining ...
Delivers the expected thrills and groans .
Crammed full of disaster-movie cliches and cardboard characters .
The jaw-dropping special effects in the weather-gone - wild doomsday film The Day After Tomorrow sweep all else away -- including quibbles about bland characterization and dead-in-the-water dialogue .
Frigid , absurd film .
There 's something perversely satisfying about seeing poor abused Mother Nature kicking mankind in the collective keister . That 's precisely what Day After delivers .
The Day After Tomorrow is good old-fashioned popcorn entertainment that delivers all the fun and thrills it promises .
A terrific B-movie .
The film shows us that an angry Mother Nature can be every bit as exciting as space invaders and giant fire-breathing lizards .
Does n't really have any interesting characters to live through those disasters and its central storyline makes little sense .
Nothing about The Day After Tomorrow really engages us except for the computer effects , which are certainly impressive enough , in a Powerpoint-presentation sort of way .
An Irwin Allen movie on steroids .
A disaster movie that cautions against global warming but delivers its real enjoyment in scenes of mass destruction .
It turns out the real question director Roland Emmerich 's movie raises is n't about how much this film 's pseudo-science teases us , but how much bad drama it 's willing to blow our way .
For all this expertly rendered destruction , the characters do n't seem fazed by casualty counts that must number in the billions .
The special effects are on such an awesome scale that the movie works despite its cornball plotting .
For all its doomsaying , the movie fails to scare you into being a better citizen of the earth or even a riveted moviegoer .
It has drama , it has action , it has pseudo-scientific mumbo jumbo , it has bloodthirsty timber wolves , and it has lots and lots of ice .
Content to parade out an endless , ever-wearying line of cliches , ludicrous plotting and dialogue , and paper-thin stock characters whom the viewer forms no relationship with .
With our beleaguered planet mired in a perpetual bad-news funk , what could be cheerier than a good old-fashioned disaster flick to remind us that things could be worse ?
Despite the horrific dialogue , the forgettable characters , and the frozen performances , The Day After Tomorrow is rentable .
it becomes evident that Emmerich is as ill-adept at painting personal moments as he is as a maestro at crafting large-scale disaster images .
Surely , there are smarter , more compelling ways to make this point than Jack 's whole-hearted , robust embodiment of U.S. remythification .
Despite spots which are sappy and unintentionally funny , The Day After Tomorrow does deliver what it promises : a big , wild , bring-it-on disaster flick
It looks good , but the rest of this flick will just leave you cold .
... it basically delivers in all of the standard elements that we 've come to expect from both ` event ' and 'Em merich ' films ...
You can finally say this about the notion that everybody talks about the weather , but nobody does anything about it : Well , Roland Emmerich has done something about it . Something stupid , but still ... something .
I 'm not saying that a date with this picture is all pleasure ; but it 's not all guilt either . My guess is that , waking up the morning after The Day After Tomorrow , you wo n't have much trouble forgiving yourself .
With trivial subplots , lame character development and silly dialogue , it meanders , but if you 're into visual effects , this is a spectacular , eye-popping disaster blast !
To be perfectly honest , when tornadoes batter Los Angeles and oceanic flooding engulfs New York , it 's hard not to root for Mother Nature .
The Day After Tomorrow failed before the first CGI shot was planned because the script never gave us people whose fates we wanted to know .
A perfect blend of contemporary environmental issues and science fiction , director Roland Emmerich 's big-budget disaster flick is summer movie entertainment at its best .
There is nothing to overcome -LRB- no way to stop the storm -RRB- - the big payoff is to do nothing but wait it out . Where 's the fun in that .
This Day is truly a disaster , just not the kind the studio had in mind
-LSB- The Day After Tomorrow -RSB- is a well-crafted film that uses its F/X budget to good advantage
Practically entertaining .
Taken as a resoundingly escapist throwback to the glory days of Irwin Allen 's signature genre , The Day After Tomorrow is a bona-fide disaster ... in a good way .
It 's all preposterously over the top yet scary as hell , in a visceral , pit-of-the-stomach way , and I ca n't wait to see it again .
There 's a mechanical feel to it , with little wit or imagination . It 's just a recital of the disaster-flick images we 've seen so many times before .
The best environmentalist action movie since Steven Seagal 's On Deadly Ground .
Roland Emmerich 's global warming disaster flick is big , dumb and flat , but hard to really hate .
Quite possibly the single stupidest film ever to spring from the mind of writer/director Roland Emmerich .
In a film about the impending apocalypse , could no one think of anything more inspired than having the characters attacked by rampaging wolves ?
... the most gratifying entertainment in Emmerich 's mass-marketed filmography , even if ... the feel-good finale is more cloying than a second set of Olsen twins .
More than a cubic zirconia but far from a diamond , the film should find as many supporters as it does detractors as it spends at least one week leveling the competition .
After the destruction , the drama flails with an hour still to go .
Offers some jaw-dropping special effects , and some sincere performances that balance the film 's unlikely premise .
A disaster movie has to be about more than the cool effects .
There 's none of the adolescent goofiness that ruined Independence Day and Godzilla .
Resembles disaster films of the 1970s , where big-name stars battled flood , fire and capsized luxury liners .
The film weakly trades reliable popcorn action for a story about blossoming young love , puzzling fatherly heroics and overwrought messages on the dangers of global warming .
-LSB- Roland Emmerich -RSB- again wipes out enormous swaths of humanity and real estate , but this time the overall tone is funereal , sober .
You 'll be swept away by sights that you 'll never be able to see on The Weather Channel .
The script 's hackneyed dialogue and predictable dramatic situations will be difficult to take seriously even by those who are most sympathetic to the earnestly delivered environmental theme .
Director Roland Emmerich wows us with end-of-the-world special effects while doling out the usual schmaltzy plot and cornball dialogue .
Emmerich builds his global disaster invigoratingly and the special effects team are to be commended , but the screenplay is a holey assemblage of cliche and borrowings
-LSB- Emmerich -RSB- crams the film with enough digital wizardry to make you wish he had jettisoned the script altogether and simply paraded the visual effects with chapter titles such as Snow Over New Delhi and The Hollywood Sign Gets Totaled .
The film exists primarily to stir the senses , and on that score it is an overwhelming achievement .
A badly wasted opportunity .
The first half delivers enough of what people want and expect from disaster pictures , and there are enough money-shot special effects , that auds probably will be more satisfied than not .
The Day After Tomorrow deserves praise for rightly identifying the human race as the evil-doers who are responsible for the destruction of the good earth we inhabit .
A summer snow job that produces the season 's first perfect storm of pleasure .
Teems with illogical action , improbable coincidences .
Wonky science aside , this is exactly what you want from a disaster movie .
The ads for The Day After Tomorrow ask , ` where will you be ? ' If moviegoers have any sense , they 'll be at Shrek 2 , Super Size Me or Harry Potter ...
The picture is most entertaining when it acknowledges the swaggering cheesiness of -LSB- the melodramatic calamity freak-outs of the early 1970 's -RSB- .
The second half ... is comically bad moviemaking .
A classic , big-budget studio movie about widespread , dramatic , hand-of-God destruction and the few hardy characters who , to our satisfaction , improbably survive is no place for serious hectoring about the Antarctic ice shelf .
Emmerich knows how to put on a good fireworks display , and as long as you 're prepared to be laughing at the movie , not with the movie ...
I know disaster flicks rarely make a whole lot of sense , but this film seems to go out of its way to be stupid .
This often entertaining movie mixes grand , epic effects and amazing visualizations of catastrophe with a sappy family-in-crisis plot that would look hackneyed in a '60s Disney TV movie .
Mother Nature is mad as hell and not going to take it any more
The sun 'll come out in The Day After Tomorrow , but first you have to slog through almost two hours of bad plot and wooden characters , intermittently punctuated by some spectacular depictions of bad-weather catastrophes .
Chris Rock , Rob Schneider , Sean William Scott ... Any one of these performers could have provided Emmerich 's disaster with the comic relief it so desperately lacks .
... Quaid expressed more fear trying to calm his bucking horse in ` The Alamo . '
-LSB- A -RSB- study in ineptitude .
Clearly the funniest film you 'll see this year .
The only fantasy element that stretches the bounds of credulity when née-Cheney takes responsibility for his bad decisions and apologizes to the nation .
A blockbuster with incredible momentum , chilling us even with shots of Doppler radar . And if Emmerich can make comic relief out of illegal immigration , his game is on .
A ludicrous and sanctimonious sermon ... I want my two hours back .
Emmerich 's point with The Day After Tomorrow is n't to play politics or make speeches , but to entertain . And , in the cataclysmic way he has become known for , he does so .
Even though it repeats the usual disaster movie cliches , it is better than one would expect ...
Despite the clunky bits , Tomorrow still manages to deliver the blockbuster goods .
-LSB- Given suitable -RSB- expositional permission , the audience is then free to wallow in the sublime kitsch of it all
Clunky dialogue undercuts spectacular visuals .
This highly entertaining spin on eco-catastrophe could turn the most meteorologically challenged among us into Weather Channel freaks .
A big-weather disaster movie designed to put the fear of God into audiences with Olympic stamina and peanut-sized brains
Welcome to the year 's big mystery movie , the mystery being : Who the hell greenlights insipid Irwin Allen wannabes ?
Hints at our fragile humanity and tries to put a familiar face to the misery .
God levels Mankind 's playing field but the audience kept laughing .
Recreates the global disaster ride of `` Independence Day , '' but falls short of its breadth and depth . Still fun .
Blizzards , tornados and floods -- oh , my ! ... Just a brainless orgy of special effects periodically interrupted by sappy human-interest episodes .
The Day After Tomorrow is a camp classic and a modern day Poseidon Adventure .
Everything we 've come to expect from a Roland Emmerich film .
The should , nei , they must have a Mystery Science Theater 3000 special with this movie !
There are enough jaw-to-floor moments to merit a goggle . Just not enough soul to be worth a rewatch .
cinema at its loudest , biggest , most spectacular and funnest ... you 're going to have one hell of a time !
Emmerich 's escapist fantasy is a global catastrophe as thrillingly scary as it is tremendously entertaining .
` Doomed ! We 're all doomed ! '
Una impresionante muestra de talento técnico -LSB- ... -RSB- y una de esas que no aspira a nada más .
The whole film feels stingy and vacuous . And it 's only barely trashy enough to be fun .
Everybody is good at one thing , they say ; for Emmerich , it 's destruction .
may terrify its American viewers into doing something that the British have always enjoyed - talking about the weather .
Mother Nature is a ***** , but another Ice Age would at least put sermonizing blockbuster filmmaking like this on deep freeze .




















@highlight

A ludicrous popcorn flick filled with clunky dialogues , but spectacular visuals save it from being a total disaster .