There is a lot to admire about Barthes ' production values , but little to actually enjoy in the storytelling .
Most crucially and delectably , it is language-Flaubert 's mots précises-that sways with seductive power and portent , which Barthes taps for all its symbolic suggestion .
It 's a worthy effort , but the existential fiction of Barthes 's debut , Cold Souls , in which the human essence could be bottled and sold , represented a better fit for her talents
Incapable of going deeper in its story , the film is a very superficial take on the material . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mia Wasikowska is n't that bad , but her character lacks all the necessary layers to make us understand her erratic behaviour . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A faithful adaptation of the mythical novel that stands out thanks to it 's great production values . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
By not getting too fancy , Sophie Barthes scores one of the better adaptations with her slightly simplified but reasonably faithful Madame Bovary .
Mia Wasikowska shows that there is no period character that can resist her . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
It is certainly beautiful ... But the story , which follows a remorseless arc , is reduced to episodes that amount to a narrative shorthand and many characters - notably Giamatti 's Homais - are hopelessly underwritten .
The players struggle to inject emotion into the bookish , period-specific dialogue , which often results in clunky , stilted exchanges .
Wasikowska 's muted performance does n't make much of an impression here and neither do the two men playing her lovers .
You suspect that had the Internet been invented in 19th Century France , this Emma would have been content with video games and Amazon .
Gustave Flaubert 's endlessly filmed novel Madame Bovary is hauled out yet again for another go here by director Sophie Barthes , and the result is a handsome , considerably simplified and oh-so-melodramatic costume epic .
Wonderland 's Alice gives it her all , but Wasikowska is unable to suitably convince us why Bovary would jump so quickly into her extravagant spending and reckless affairs .
French-born writer-director Sophie Barthes has done a wonderful job fleshing out the novel 's themes inside of two hours .
This lo-fi vision is not a good match for the subtleties of the source material . It brings nothing new to the story , nor the storytelling , and earns the most wretched of labels -- watchable .
Perhaps what this version demonstrates is that Flaubert 's text can make for a perfectly cinematic effort , but continues to attract the unfilmable label when features miss the spark so crucial to its story .
The latest adaptation of Gustave Flaubert 's classic novel is a handsome if stilted re-telling of the tale about a woman who could not get enough of anything .
It 's a handsomely mounted but deliberately paced adaptation that keeps an emotional distance as it examines gender roles and high-society refinement in rather familiar fashion .
Approaches proceedings in a naturalistic manner , lending what could have been a stuffy costume drama an immediacy and edge ...
Extend this oddly affecting film a little patience and keep an open mind , and you wo n't forget it in a hurry .
Cold Souls director Sophie Barthes has created a rich and involving film , coloured by hope and good intentions ; shattered by the clouds of disillusionment
Barthes feels the need to improve on Flaubert , adding and dropping scenes and inventing social metaphors - mainly spiderwebs and corsets .
For a film about passion , it feels oddly flat and often passionless .
What language the film does make us of , where it differs from Flaubert , is careless , littered with strange anachronisms and mistakes of usage and tone .
The pacing is glacial and predictable , and Barthes puts no discernible stamp upon the material .
Classic tale about unhappy wife has tragic themes .
Superficially faithful - and quickly forgettable ... .
Connects to Flaubert at his most prophetic and dark , deconstructing the stranded emerging bourgeoisie caught between thwarted pretensions to the aristocratic elite , and the creeping albatross of emerging compulsive consumerism as emotional compensation .
Faithful and fundamentally dull .
With her thousand-mile frown , Mia Wasikowska was born to play Victorian heroines , though she 's a little too intelligent and self-aware for Flaubert 's Emma Bovary .
It 's incredible to look at , but once it steps away from pure cinematic storytelling , the latest round of tightly-corseted depressive desperation dissolves on impact .
It 's an effective treatment of the book , only occasionally made distracting by the hodgepodge of accents sported by an international cast performing in English .
A calm , naturalistic experience , Madame Bovary is refreshingly analog .
Handsomely staged but regrettably aloof , Madame Bovary never really understands its tragic heroine .
This umpteenth adaptation of Flaubert 's classic novel at least chooses its Emma wisely ...
For all the talk of romance , this is a Madame Bovary that 's grounded in the real - in the sounds and colors of Emma 's world , in its material limitations and splendors .
The Normandy locations are evocative , but director Sophie Barthes compresses Emma 's multiyear rise and fall into what seems like a month or so .
We need more insight into her distress to make her more sympathetic . Wasikowska gives it her all and the film nearly succeeds for it .
Wasikowska 's performance can be seen as a study in only sporadic connection
It 's still a film where actors mill about pretty surroundings in pretty garbs ; all -LSB- director Sophie -RSB- Barthes does is take the camera off the tripod , as though that were grit enough .
After more than a century and a half , Emma Bovary is a classic ball of decidedly human confusion that just keeps on giving .
There 's little tension as her romantic and financial calamities collide , only mere traces of tragedy . Even at nearly two hours , much-needed character development is sorely lacking .
This Madame Bovary may challenge our conception of the character , but that 's about all it challenges .
It is not hard to believe that Ms. Wasikowska is Madame Bovary - she is at once serious and shallow , willful and indecisive , powerful and helpless - but this `` Madame Bovary '' is unfortunately not quite itself .
In an ideal version of the novel , we would empathize deeply with her dilemma at the same time as we would cringe at the nature of the choices she makes . Sadly , this `` Madame Bovary '' makes that identification harder than it should be .
This `` Madame Bovary '' may not quite be Flaubert 's , but it 's lovely to look at all the same .
The tragedy accelerates impressively , but the well-acted film does n't leave us wiser about the enigmatic , ever-doomed figure at the center of things .
Mia Wasikowska proves herself again ... to be one of the best young actresses working today .
A cold , sterile film , bereft of the spirit and danger Gustave Flaubert 's groundbreaking novel demands .
`` Madame Bovary 's '' attempt to give Flaubert 's text the benefit of a 21st-century feminist perspective is admirable if unsuccessful .
Watching `` Madame Bovary , '' you find yourself wishing that Barthes had done something , anything with Flaubert 's novel other than slap it up on the screen as Wasikowska 's less-than-enthralling and slow-paced journey from dissatisfaction to disaster .
... Madame Bovary still ends up a staid and unsuitably solemn outing .
Unafraid to make Emma decidedly unsympathetic , Wasikowska tries hard to convey the character 's sense of feeling stifled by her era , but the movie still ca n't quite capture her shallow depth .
Realistic and refined , but uneven and disappointing .
The performances mostly come up short . Wasikowska does sullenness well , but her sexual yearning reads as more of the same .
The trick with any adaptation of Flaubert 's brilliantly humdrum tragedy : how to make ennui engaging . Director Sophie Barthes has little luck in this latest trek down Madame Bovary 's road to Rouen .
Handsome , and Wasikowska shines in it . But the liberties taken with the story make one wonder if the director did n't miss the point .
Sophie Barthes neglects to thoroughly conceive of Emma 's plight , instead making only sporadic gestures to it .
An intense screen version of Flaubert 's novel about a woman who is devoured by her desires , high expectations , and disappointments .
Barthes ' film succeeds in depicting a woman in 19th century France for whom `` life is a disappointment '' , but fails to explore why she might behave differently from countless other people with the same lament .
Madame Bovary breathes life into a classic story , with a delicate hand and a careful eye .
This latest adaptation of a rarely well-filmed novel makes a strong effort to capture the stiflingly provincial world that Flaubert was able to describe in such precise , painstaking detail on the page .
`` Madame Bovary '' is an attractively crafted movie that tries to insinuate disillusionment in every shot and frame . But in doing so , the movie feels more precise and calculated , misplacing a vitality that it desperately needs .
The first half is shot almost like a horror , all oppressive rumbling clouds and lashing of mist and shot of her back , suffocating corset laced up like a spine .
A refined , languid period drama from the novel that is not without its flaws but impresses with its fastidious attention to detail , craftsmanship and oppressive atmosphere .
A handsome production that should appeal to fans of handsome costume dramas .
Yet another adaptation of the classic novel that falls very short .

@highlight

Over the years , Flaubert 's Madame Bovary has proven an exceedingly difficult novel to film -- and this version adds another disappointing entry to the list .