It 's a claustrophobic , bitter , terribly long movie that does n't reward the viewer 's heart or patience .
Winter Sleep progresses Ceylan 's ever-evolving narrative and aesthetic strategy into what proves his most emotional and dramatic work .
The formidable running time will doubtless deter many , which is a shame : Winter Sleep is never less than richly engrossing , even if some scenes , stretched too long , take on a didactic , even slightly hectoring tone .
It 's possible to admire it , but it 's hard to imagine anyone truly enjoying it .
There 's no melodrama in this film , only beautifully observed moments worthy of Chekhov and Bergman .
Ceylan 's deeply observant , quiet epic might leave you detached at first , but this is the kind of work that aims to creep up on and haunt you in the long haul , in many not instantly recognizable ways .
This well-observed drama takes its time telling its narrative , as it adroitly gets to concerns over the human condition .
Such miserable people ; why should we care ? Maybe because Ceylan does .
`` The length allows Ceylan to really sink into the characters and their complicated motives ; at times , watching `` Winter Sleep '' is like reading a novel . ''
The actual narrative may sometimes trudge along like a traveler braving a blizzard without snowshoes , but Ceylan makes the smallest of moments feel like apocalyptic harbingers .
The easy gag about the 196-minute `` Winter Sleep '' is that it 's so good it makes 3 1/2 hours feel like two , but that 's no joke .
These scenes are talky , yes , but what talk !
`` Winter '' feels very much like an epic novel , mirroring the pacing and themes of Chekov , whose work was its inspiration .
When we see the consequences of a broken window , a long-harbored resentment , or a mild criticism , Winter Sleep engages with a captivating pathos .
In many ways , Ceylan turns Aydin 's hotel into a model ant colony where we can watch pockets of activity in isolation , and with its earthen cavities and clay cubbyholes , it 's an image that fits , right down to the struggle for power .
Bold filmmaking and screenwriting , with at least two absolutely terrific performances rising out of a top-level ensemble .
It demands patience and attentiveness , but ... reveals a great deal about the reality of the human condition through its probing characterization and pungent dialogue .
Ceylan 's previous film , `` Once Upon a Time in Anatolia , '' may still be his best , but `` Winter Sleep '' is clearly the work of a master at the top of his game .
Think of it as dramatic slow-cooking where the ingredients take their time to come together .
Ceylan spins gold in thought and image , set to the mournful strains of Schubert 's Piano Sonata No. 20 , with this impeccably acted morality tale of a wealthy man who sins by omission .
Winter Sleep is captivating as a study of the character 's mindset ...
Probably the finest -LRB- and paradoxically , least faithful -RRB- Chekhov adaptation on film .
The visually compelling film builds to some final-act twists that are worth the wait .
Ceylan 's usual cinematographer , Gokhan Tiryaki , fixes on landscape in interiors as well as exteriors : he and Ceylan are patient poets of the human face .
Winter Sleep crackles like a hearth fire-it 's a slow but incandescent burn .
Ceylan paces this thin dramatic sketch as if it were a Wagner opera , with ponderous pauses and fraught gazes yearning toward depths that the movie does n't reach .
Sprawling , thought-provoking , lengthy , intense , frustrating and stunning . No , Winter Sleep is n't quite Once Upon a Time in Anatolia , but it 's still Nuri Bilge Ceylan 's Palme D'Or-winning latest .
Intimate , spectacular and masterful ...
A lyrical , excessively talky , initially fascinating drama that lacks nuance and complexity , and eventually overstays its welcome .
This movie struck me as both Ceylan 's plainest , and perhaps his finest .
Despite Mr. Bilginer 's dug-in performance and the haunting grandeur of Aydin 's world , this is finally a character too small to see .
My favorite movie of 2014 is three hours long , and it 's about Turkish people who live in caves .
Has the feel of a minor novel from a great author that 's still the size of a doorstop - a quasi-hubristic work of excess that nonetheless contains a myriad of riches .
Bilginer gives a truly towering performance as Aydin-arguably the year 's best , across all categories .
Beautiful to look at , with its burnished interiors and magnificent Turkish steppes , this long film builds to a powerful conclusion .
`` Winter Sleep '' wo n't appeal to action lovers , but if you like endless verbal warfare , this is a joy .
It 's an epic tragedy about life in the Ivory Tower and the inability to understand-much less empathize with-other human beings .
In a career trajectory that has continually taken him in the direction of more expansive , audacious cinema , this is the filmmaker 's most daring and aesthetically ambitious project yet .
-LSB- Haluk -RSB- Bilginer 's -LSB- performance -RSB- alternates between brooding melancholy and sharp-tongued contemptuousness , failing to reach the tragic dimensions which the writers intended .
This patient , beautiful , painful , engrossing film pits husband and wife against each other and their world in a series of extended conversations/confrontations .
Nuri Bilge Ceylan again exhibits his gift for making interesting stories out of predetermined plots , locating small eddies of change in the midst of eternally fixed dynamics .
A work that rivals great literary masterpieces of years past , especially Chekhov 's plays but with the added visual dimension of someone who has a painterly eye . Superlative filmmaking .
Winter Sleep is without doubt a formidably achieved , intellectually substantial drama that deals variously with questions of conscience , responsibility and self-deception .
Winter Sleep has interior views -LRB- of Aydin 's library , for example -RRB- that are so rich in detail that your eye lingers happily no matter how long the shot is held , and exterior views that unfold like a Chinese scroll , and watchful close-ups .
While it is no hardship to gaze upon Gökhan Tiryaki 's ravishing images of the landscape as its autumnal glow vanishes under an icy crust , there 's not much to keep the intellect thrumming over the course of 196 minutes .
Winter Sleep is an engrossing work , a finely observed portrait of collapsing social contracts , public and private .
Winter Sleep demands patience , but if you last the course , you will soon understand why it so enraptured the Cannes jury .
An exquisitely photographed work of serious philosophical heft which tackles some knotty issues : the divide between the intellectual and working classes , older men and younger women , and believers and non-believers .
Talky it may be , but the acting is sublime , with director Nuri Bilge Ceylan able to contrast staggering , almost alien landscapes with scenes as intimate as anything on the West End stage .
Rich , beautiful , indulgent , frustrating .
An intimate epic , Winter Sleep is right up there with the Turkish director 's best .
Again it 's glorious ; again it 's talky ; again its insights sear ; again its length is remorseless . Again it 's the best thing to be seen in any city or country where it 's showing .
It will test your concentration , resolve and butt cheeks to the limit but Winter Sleep will reward your staying power : a perfectly played , beautiful-looking , exquisitely nuanced picture .
A huge , sombre and compelling tragicomedy set in Turkey 's vast Anatolian steppe ; it moves at the pace of a north Atlantic convoy .
Ceylon , working with cinematographer Gokhan Tiryaki , shoots long , delicate , intricate dialogue scenes in a way that makes them mini action movies of the mind . A subtle dolly here , a subtle pan there - it 's incredibly precise formalism , and it 's beautiful .
Winter Sleep 's rumination on ethics and human behavior are a hard ask to expect viewers to wade through . I , however , found it compelling and its themes important .
Unfolding as a deep , empathetic series of conversations , it 's an absorbing interplay of coldness and warmth both in its morality and in the stunning snowy landscapes and log-fire interiors of its settings .
The esoteric world of masterful Turkish filmmaker Nuri Bilge Ceylan proves as vibrant and uneasy as ever in Winter Sleep , a Chekhovian meditation on a marriage that returns to the mood of the director 's early films like Climates and Clouds of May .
Sprawling , multi-layered , -LSB- and -RSB- richly rewarding .
Winter Sleep offers some of the complexity and grandeur of a Russian novel , and a dramatic intensity that very few films ever attempt .
Nuri Bilge Ceylan is at the peak of his powers with Winter Sleep , a richly engrossing and ravishingly beautiful magnum opus that surely qualifies as the least boring 196-minute movie ever made .
As a former photographer , Ceylan also offers textured , snow-capped imagery to accompany his precise , perceptive probing of interior truths and external lies .
There are more of these emblematic moments . Ceylan has an eye for them . He also knows just when and how to use them .
This is an extraordinary film , both extra in content and length and yet ordinary in the sense that filmmaker Nuri Bilge Ceylan observes the ` ordinary ' daily interactions
The film is certainly long , but it is worth the trip , the trip along the symbolic road to hell , that is often paved with good intentions
... a series of lengthy , revealing conversations , during which firelight flickers among the cave-like walls casting accusatory shadows across faces .
Never short of enthralling .
Winter Sleep is stitched together with so much wit and self-aware theatricality , it 's abundantly clear how Ceylan really feels about the injured egos of the remotely rich .
Ceylan has made far humbler films than Winter Sleep that nonetheless suggest so much more about humanity and community .
By the close , we feel as if , rather than peering into Aydin 's brain , we have been coiled up and inserted into his cortex .
A beautiful , bold , intently serious film about a failing marriage in a mountaintop hotel on the Anatolian steppe : think The Shining as retold by Chekhov , without the axe and spooks .
The obvious analogue here would be Bergman 's Scenes from a Marriage ; the key difference lies in Winter Sleep 's absolute refusal to let anything be at emotional stake .
This is not an easy film , but it is lyrical and full of beauty and sometimes unpalatable truths .
Nuri Bilge Ceylan continues to dig with acute intelligence into the dark corners of everyday human behaviour
If you can stay awake , you 'll be struck by the nuanced performances , the depth of the characterisation , the intensity of the moral questions and the drips of black humour .
... Ceylan 's film is a monologue and a relentless one , leaving no room for us to interpret or engage with the material he presents .

@highlight

Epic in length , thrilling to behold , and utterly absorbing , Winter Sleep demands -- and rewards -- viewers ' patient attention .