But the glib , gimmicky narration -LRB- i.e. , the aforementioned `` a better way for guys to jack off '' - yawn -RRB- , delivered in Wilson 's vegetative monotone , leaves the film lumpy and uneven and often dull .
Inspired by the reputed experiences of the film 's producer , Middle Men casts its protagonist in a suspiciously flattering light ... Fortunately Wilson brings enough dark and disreputable shades to the character for the film to work .
Save yourself the trouble of watching it and just check out Goodfellas instead .
Considering the naughty subject matter , Middle Men is a shockingly dull affair .
... a film that ca n't make up its mind what it wants to be : a comedy , a melodrama , a crime thriller , or a documentary .
Is Jack , who is patterned on a real-life character , sociopathic or just plain clueless ? Gallo does n't seem to care . He cares about parading before us lowlifes living the high life .
Trust me when I say there is too much story here for a film that runs just over 100 minutes .
If it were n't for James Caan 's shyster Las Vegas lawyer , the whole , um , pornucopia would be a complete waste of time . Best to think of this as Middling Men .
What could have been a complex portrait of a flawed man dealing with the perils of success ends up far less interesting .
Sex , Lies And MasterCard . An irreverent , strictly behind the scenes tabloid peep show about those thankfully unsung guys who perpetrated the online porn revolution , without ever taking their clothes off .
Luke Wilson 's terrific performance renders an uneasy hybrid of crime drama , comedy and ecommerce far more compelling than it otherwise would be .
Hampered mightily by Luke Wilson 's casting , Middle Men has energy and some sleazy fun around its edges , but critically fails to locate a sincere lasting feeling , be it titillation or trepidation .
Pretty much proffers everything you can want in a film based on the upstart company that brought porn to a computer screen near you .
I never got the feeling Gallo and company figured out how to compress and focus their stories .
With outstanding performances from a brilliant ensemble cast , Middle Men turns out to be wickedly entertaining with some of the best acting you will see all year .
Far from a classic and wo n't tug at your heartstrings , but it manages to be captivating from top to bottom with a refreshingly sharp and funny screenplay , a great ensemble cast and a lively soundtrack .
Mr. Gallo , for his part , is content to decorate a fairly conventional , intermittently entertaining crime chronicle with a bit of skin and a soupçon of pop sociology . There must be other ways to learn about pornography on the Internet .
Middle Men spins one heck of a yarn , so crazy it must be true .
There 's too much Scorsese-izing , and all the characters with the exception of Wilson and Ramsey 's illicit lovers look as if they were drawn by a fifteen-year-old .
Zealously nasty fun which , surprisingly , ends on something of a note of upbeat grace and familial redemption ...
Kind of a mess .
This very well-acted , often amusing and dirty-minded hard-R film still stands out in a sea of market-driven blandness .
Director George Gallo embraces the gamey porn scene with gusto : There 's oodles of nudity , of course -LRB- and lots of over-inflated breastage -RRB- .
Middle Men is an anxious film , but not in a good way , in that it does n't generate suspense so much as dread .
Gallo has the start of a good story here , but he ca n't find an original way to explore it .
-LSB- S -RSB- poradically satisfying ... If this tale of rags to riches to major felonies has a familiar feel to it , it 's that it feels Scorsese-lite ...
Gallo 's self-consciously overstated direction feeds the impression that he 's trying to remake Goodfellas ... can we all agree by now that the use of `` Sympathy for the Devil '' in crime pictures ought to be outlawed ?
Middle Men would be lucky to rise to the median of a list of the films released in 2010 . It 's actually pretty far below `` middle . ''
Take away the nudity and sleaze , and at its heart Middle Men is about billing . No wonder it needed all the jiggling .
Think Boogie Nights meets Casino , though it 's not likely to make the lasting impression of either seminal film .
The filmmaker beats his audience over the head , spelling things out in such a blasé manner even those excited at the prospect of seeing naked women wriggle across the screen are going to come out afterwards feeling looked down upon and abused .
-LSB- A -RSB- frenetic jumble of subplots and sleazy characters ...
Professional fixer tries to protect two creeps who helped develop Internet porn from predatory gangsters and crooks . Mixed-up morality tale should have had more impact .
What was meant to be a wild ride through the seedy underbelly of the early Internet instead becomes a tepid wallow amid a slew of unsavory but resolutely uninteresting characters .
A squandered opportunity to tell what may have been an interesting story .
The rise of online porn is simply the hook for a thoroughly rote mixed-up-with-the-mob drama that overdoes all the obvious cliches
It is more proof that the influence of TV-style superficiality -- undramatic pacing , routine imagery -- has ruined the imagination of both filmgoers and filmmakers .
A highly entertaining , flawed , ripped-off-and-reassembled carnival of sleaze .
It builds to a dud of a climax and , ultimately rises and falls -LRB- more often , falling -RRB- on the performance by Luke Wilson .
So pushy and distracted it may as well have pop-up ads .
A colorful supporting cast gives this uneven Internet porn saga a potent boost .
This one 's coming in under the radar . Keep an eye out ... Best of all is Wilson , digging into his juiciest role in years .
` Middle Men ' may not have the action and slapstick comedy that one expects to see this late in the summer , but the film is filled with zest and actually worth exploring .
Perhaps it 's inevitable that this cranked-up drama wants it both ways .
... the picture is never not engaging , and it certainly has its moments .
-LSB- Wilson 's -RSB- phenomenal performance as a family man undone by sexual and financial temptation is more than this movie deserves .
Packed with more voice-over narration than a docent 's tour of the Metropolitan Museum , `` Middle Men '' is formulaic to a fault .
Even without much character development , the compelling story holds , mostly due to Wilson .
This inspired-by-a-true-story film about the birth of Internet porn is giddily sleazy , full of convincing crazies and criminals , as well as the scumbags and wannabes who surround them .
Sex , Lies And MasterCard . An irreverent , strictly behind the scenes tabloid peep show about those thankfully unsung guys who perpetrated the online porn revolution , without ever taking their clothes off .
Sharply observed but poorly helmed and unevenly acted , this gross and sordid account of the early days of Internet Porn claims to be based on a factual story but its true inspiration is Boogie Nights , Paul Thomas Anderson 's masterpiece .
Relentlessly sleazy but undeniably intriguing .

@highlight

Middle Men benefits from a solid cast , particularly Luke Wilson , but its muddled script lets them down .