Marks -LSB- Asia Argento -RSB- as a far more adventurous and even risk-addicted filmmaker than her famous father Dario .
-LSB- The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things -RSB- has a deceptively desultory structure where no moral system or ` new daddy ' seems to hold much water upon introduction , but each accumulates ideas which make an atavistic reappearance at the most inopportune of tim
The subject matter might be quite disturbing to some , but for those who do n't mind a little child-rape with their crack-smoking , The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is well worth a look .
To appreciate or even tolerate the film , you must separate yourself from the characters and the material . What 's unfortunate is that the movie is too well made to let you do just that .
Reeks of a project desperate for edgy credibility .
Argento 's film is arguably exploitative , but its real-life horrors are effectively authentic .
... shapeless , excessively lurid and often unpleasant , with Argento shamelessly vamping the white-trash junkie mother and truck-stop hooker .
JT LeRoy may be a scam , but Argento 's scalding treatment of adults behaving badly is as real as cold French fries in a West Virginia truck stop .
We see the horrors of Jeremiah 's life , but there 's no opportunity to connect with the character ; it 's just a litany of abuse with no meaning and no redemption .
Trying a bit too hard to be a modern cult classic , but it 's clear that Argento 's heart is in the right place .
Now the fabricated story of a boyhood that included abandonment , rape and near constant fear and humiliation is a movie . The result is unwatchable .
I do n't know if the movie follows the book closely , but if it does , you kind of have to wonder how Leroy or Albert or whoever it was made such a splash in the first place .
Vile beyond redemption .
-LSB- H -RSB- as a sucker-punch power more potent that what most movies specifically designed as ` horror ' can muster ...
-LSB- Argento 's -RSB- fast-moving , devil-may-care filmmaking keeps The Heart Is Deceitful dangling just above its relentlessly harrowing subject matter .
The story conveys so much emotion that I found myself wanting to yell at the screen , `` Leave that boy alone ! ''
Argento has made a ferocious film including her own committed performance , but like her character , she loses control in the final goings .
There is no redemption , no surcease , and as the film ends the barbarity continues . This film made me intensely uncomfortable , but that was its intention .
It 's a taxing bit of exploitation , which , although you 're glad to know it 's a work of fiction , does n't exactly make a case for itself as art .
At best , this film raises an all-too-relevant question : Are true-life stories interesting because they 're true ? Or because they 're interesting ? At worst , it raises a different question : What if they 're neither true nor interesting ?
The film is as captivating as it is perverse .
Given Argento 's willingness to attempt the controversial book at all , she pulls a surprising number of punches .
Like LeRoy 's novels , the movie finds something hep about degradation , neglect , and eating out of dumpsters . It calls to mind the Zoolander joke about a fashion line , ` Derelict , ' inspired by crack whores and hoboes .
Stripped of all its lurid backstory , the fictional tale is revealed onscreen to be a mere catalog of horrors , an ugly grafting together of Dickens and America 's Most Wanted .
Watchable in a train-wreck kind of way , but you 'll probably want to take a shower afterwards .
This is an execrable movie .
Argento seems to have been in on the JT LeRoy scam , but it does n't much matter -- she 's captured the underbelly of trucker culture quite nicely .
Ultimately sabotaged by Argento 's own deliriously uncontrollable hysterics .
Viewer discretion is advised , if only because it 's well-nigh unwatchable .
The drug - and punk rock-milieu and cinematic technique of this film further debase what was low to begin with .
This film 's heart is not deceitful , merely obvious and overbearing .
The emotionless , overwrought movie 's lack of psychological depth or dramatic verisimilitude makes the boy 's grim odyssey a curiously remote and unshocking horror show .
A degraded and degrading film , of interest only because it 's symptomatic of so much that 's wrong with the drearily repetitive tabloid mentality that has infected not just the news media , but the whole culture industry .
Emotionally engaging at times , but its general formlessness renders it little more than an excuse for Argento to show off her directing chops , which she does quite well .
Argento 's entire performance is an act of exhibitionism , and so is the movie , which would have done well to drop that cynical and verbose title and substitute something catchier .
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things has a daring that 's hard to dismiss , even when it only amounts to Argento shamelessly getting off on human rot .
If Deceitful is authentic at all , it 's in revealing Asia Argento as the mirror opposite of JT LeRoy . One of these characters is a real artist -- or at least a true believer in the cathartic power of autobiography .
A dutiful course in degradation , complete with a roster of villains as well established as those of any soap opera .
Argento does n't translate Leroy 's novel into the visual language of film , or at least she does n't conjure up the same feeling the book does .
A stylistic take from a boy 's point of view , focusing on his mom and her macho boyfriends .
An overwrought and underwhelming study of childhood abuse .
Artful and stylish , Argento 's acting and filmmaking are edgy , authentic and rather nuts .
Spiked with moments of true brilliance .
Asia Argento leaps from the petulant nihilism of Scarlet Diva to something much more cohesive and enjoyable .
The opposite of accomplished filmmaking .
If , however , you are willing to take a dark ride you will be rewarded .
Argento might one day make a good film - this certainly is n't it .




@highlight

The film aims to shock , but there is no higher reason for the parade of sordid images except to be `` cool . ''