Tim Roth is amazing in his portrayal of David , and his ability to bring David 's internal maelstrom to light -- often without saying a word -- is Oscar-worthy .
It 's a character study in which little is revealed about the character being studied .
A problematic ending leaves a sour taste , but Roths subtle and brilliant performance is not to be missed .
It 's powerful . It 's also depressing , with a rather big twist .
The daily care of the terminally ill is portrayed powerfully in the low-key and clear-eyed Chronic . -LSB- Full review in Japanese -RSB-
Conveying pain and a hint of mania behind monkish calm , Tim Roth gives a great performance as a palliative-care nurse in Michel Franco 's drama .
I was poised to reclaim Franco as an earthy humanist , peering into the grimmer nooks and crannies of our existence . Then , alas , came Chronic 's disastrous punchline .
For a drama that 's as quiet and circumspect as `` Chronic , '' it 's a decidedly bold film , one that pulls few punches as it slowly peels away the emotional layers of its complex protagonist .
Seems strident and combative , as though director Michel Franco was chuckling as we try to figure out what the movie was doing .
Tim Roth gives a career-high performance in this meticulous , disturbing film .
`` Chronic '' dramatizes the caregiver 's paradoxical relationships to his charges with an acuity that can make it almost unbearable to watch .
Moves from static moment to static moment but struggles to make a connection .
Chronic does n't traffic in cliché or glamorize sickness . Rather than spoon-feed platitudes , it presents failing bodies and leaves the audience wondering what to think .
The whole movie is an exercise in ambiguity , designed to engender suspicion about activities that would ordinarily seem utterly benign , and that might very well be utterly benign .
The rare film that has the courage to stomach the reality of life after death .
A dour and withholding character study , Michel Franco 's film invites more questions than it 's willing to answer .
A film with lots of subtext and character richness that goes to waste with the terrible ending . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
While there is much to admire , the three stars come with a codicil in that it is absolutely niche market and art house and the bleakness and lack of narrative punch would make it tedious for many tastes .
Director Michel Franco never abandons his character -LRB- not until the controversial ending -RRB- : he lets them flow humanely , no judgement , no condemnation , no emotional abuse . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A difficult to watch yet stunning film . The film boasts two great strenghts : an extraordinary script and a great performance by Tim Roth . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tim Roth gives a standout performance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film made as an invitation for reflection , but the truth behind it might be harder to understand than you think . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Franco 's film is a hard films to watch , sometimes reminding you of Haneke 's work , but steady shots and long sequences transmit the pain you see on the screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film to let yourself be gided by Franco 's hand and lense , where Roth holds the whole story with an amazing performance as the nurse . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The movie stands out because of the structure of its script and for dealing with heavy very human drama . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tim Roth is outstanding as the nurse , but director Michel Franco could 've done more in this film . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Franco dissects pain magnificently even if the ending feels a little rushed . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The real highlights are the performances from the small yet talented cast , mainly from protagonist Tim Roth , who carries the hardest scenes without faltering in his reactions , both physical and emotional . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Michel Franco 's third film demonstrates that he 's a touching and world class director . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A film with a hard theme , a slow burn that will make you leave the theater feeling with a hole in your stomach . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Franco certainly evolved as a filmmaker to accelerate his narrative , leaving aside the free opacity and amateurism . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Tim Roth bathes a dying girl on screen , then helps another dying man , then a girl dying from cancer . This is Chronic , a pretty decent movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film maintains a sober and minimal tone from begining to end , something really off putting lingers along the whole film , bringing down the end result . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This chronicle about pain and the power of empathy does n't do anything for me . I 'm indifferent . The director feels incapable of finding an ending for the film , so he ends it in something absurd and forces . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film has the astethics and rightousness of an European film , you can feel the influence of Michael Haneke and other film directors . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This unflinching look at terminal illness is tough to watch , but Tim Roth gives a commendable performance ...
It 's little more than arty scaremongering for hypochondriacs , which is a crying shame , because Roth is stellar as the lead .
Its elliptical narrative will certainly stay with you , but it 's not a joyous experience .
A difficult but sensitive and impressive piece of work ... until it suddenly is n't .
An unnecessarily loud ending is an unwelcome jolt that will likely divide audiences down the middle , but Chronic is an otherwise unique character study of endearing depth .
Roth interacts well with Michael Cristofer and Robin Bartlett ... But outside of their performances and Franco 's ever-tasteful approach to the subject matter , Chronic is frustrated either by convention or its own coldness .
For much of the running time , it felt like the most pleasant surprise of the festival , but by the end , Chronic is notable mostly as a step in the right direction for its leading man .
Even at 93 minutes , the film is slow , but as anyone who 's dealt with a disabled person can tell you , the pace of life downshifts considerably , operating at the patient 's speed .
Any comment on the total commitment of Tim Roth 's performance as a palliative care worker in Chronic seems inadequate to describe the intense degree to which the actor loses himself .
A pleasingly enigmatic character study .
Curious but quietly powerful .
Cinema needs films like Chronic . Just not a lot of them .
How often have I complained about the Hollywood prettification of terminal illness ? How often have I demanded a movie which tries showing what it is actually like ? Now such a film is actually here ... and it 's all but unbearable .
An absorbing watch .
A sensitive , slow-developing bruise of a film .
Sadly , the film 's monotonous pace , decision to forego the use of music and coolly detached manner becomes a tiresome combination even at a relatively trim running time .
If the viewer accepts the ending planted by Cannes winner Michel Franco , the movie makes more sense . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Chronic is not a bad movie , but it appeals to a very specific public and it 's definately not for everyone . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
With a lot of touch and compassion , Franco shows his abbilities in creating an intimate and disturbing atmosphere where corporal decay , death , serenity and love meet each other . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Chronic is a bleak but rewarding drama . Unfortunately , though , it stumbles in the final reel .
Franco has created a memorable character , one whose extremes of behavior begin to merge in a gray area between selfless giving and selfish need .
A great performance ca n't save a sloppy plot .

@highlight

Chronic demands patience from the viewer -- and yields rich dividends with an affecting story and a committed starring performance by Tim Roth .