Death lives !
A slice of music history forgotten for too long , and , thanks to A Band Called Death , forgotten no longer .
An especially pointed variation on one of music 's most oft-told tales : A band formed ahead of its time sits in muffled obscurity while others reap the harvest of what it first planted .
It could have dug a little deeper , pursued more candid moments to capture on film . But it compensates by recanting the emotionally meaningful story of the Hackney family .
An exceptional look at artistic integrity , musical innovation , and the power of family ties .
A rock 'n' roll fairy tale , well-told .
It 's a bittersweet story of the fringes of fame and of three brothers who belatedly deserve to share the spotlight .
A band call Death comes back to live in this hilarious and poignant peon to hard rock with a soft heart .
Fortunately , Bobby and Dannis , the surviving brothers , prove genial company .
Directors Mark Christopher Covino and Jeff Howlett tell this part of A Band Called Death without much artifice , relying on the natural charm and sunny dispositions of the surviving Hackney brothers to draw us in .
It 's a soul-stirring tribute to a man whose vision was too bold and revolutionary for his lifetime , or the convention-bound ways of the music industry , but was ultimately too powerful to be denied .
An amazing story -- about the history of rock , about the capriciousness of fame and , perhaps most importantly , about the power of family .
Like ` Searching For Sugar Man , ' ` A Band Called Death ' takes its cue from the modesty and joyfulness of its subjects , letting the glory of their music speak for itself .
It 's less about the rediscovery of genius than it is the value of obscurity , a sentiment that should give hope to every garage band out there .
Questions about what that reputation is worth today , and how the Hackney brothers struggled to find a foothold , give filmmakers Mark Covino and Jeff Howlett plenty of material to work with .
If the brothers seem a little drunk on their own myth , they 're also genuinely humbled by the band 's rediscovery and warmed by the fact that their kids have carried on the family tradition .
A Band Called Death shines the light on a previously unexplored corner of musical history and does it in an accessible , straightforward manner .
A Band Called Death is a film that is all heart , as was the band it looks to explore .
Death never got very far , and their story is a fascinating one , told beautifully by Jeff Howlett and Mark Christopher Covino .
Thanks to the new revelatory and inspiring documentary A Band Called Death , the truth behind the band 's nearly simultaneous birth and death may yet find them their proper place in music history .
It is a deeply moving story of a family that was both bound together and driven apart by art , and it tells this personal story so beautifully that there were several moments that gave me actual chills .
Even if you did n't know a thing about the band and you do n't even typically listen to the kind of music they play , you 're going to find yourself thankful that the Hackney brothers are now in your life .
Their story can feel almost too ready-made for the telling , but it 's well worth a listen .
The story of Death sure adds an interesting and virtually unknown footnote to the annals of punk rock .
Still sounding amazingly fresh , the brothers ' good spirits and storytelling are as infectiously appealing as their punk rock seems to be a fountain of youth
... a must-watch for fans of punk music , vinyl record wonks , or even those interested ... a visionary entertainment dream .
In the vein of Searching for Sugar Man , this earnest and engaging doc again proves that all the best nonfiction music stories are n't tied up in bitterness and acrimony , and certainly are n't related to any level of achieved fame .
-LSB- A -RSB- generous , spirited documentary -LSB- that captures -RSB- one of the strangest and most inspiring of all family stories of tragedy and triumph that this crazy country has produced .
It was fans ' ardor that began the Death revival and propels the movie 's exhilarating second half .
If you 're looking for a 96-minute jolt of joy , look no further than this uplifting , well-made documentary ...
More than anything else , the movie is about family -- how we support them and they support us , what we sacrifice for them , how they inspire us and hold us back , what we tell them and what we leave out .
The film is nothing much cinematically , and some of the narrative details and circumstances seemed fudged . But it 's a great story , told with a fan 's honest appreciation .
If ever a movie about punk deserved to be called legitimately sweet and life-affirming , it 's the documentary `` A Band Called Death . ''
A beautiful tale of life , love , music , and family , of things not working out but also working out just as predicted .
By the end , `` A Band Called Death '' does n't just uncover a new chapter in punk history . It lets you to experience it .
These docs often conclude with some sort of triumphant reunion tour , but it 's more heartwarming than usual to see children paying tribute to their parents by covering their ancient songs .
The music 's better than the stories .
Captures the joy of music , the remarkable influence it can have on future talents , and the importance of appeasing nothing but the creative drive within .
The film is made impetuously watchable and disarmingly emotional by the filmmakers ' strong command of docudrama and nonfiction narrative style .
A new wrinkle on Andy Warhol 's maxim : Eventually , every undiscovered band will receive its own righteous documentary , lapped up by a bin-trawling audience -LRB- and a festival circuit ready to serve them -RRB- .
A very good movie about a very bad band !
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- As much a think piece on America 's faded glory as it is a musical history lesson and character study , `` A Band Called Death '' is yet one more example of the power of documentaries to surpass Hollywood 's constant stream of processed movie pap .
There 's a good documentary in here , but it 's been weighed down by highlighting pretentious claims and lack of a good edit .
This rock doc rewrites punk history while telling an emotional story about an artist 's spirit and his faithful family .
-LSB- An -RSB- unexpectedly emotional docu on the revival of an African-American rock group that 's among those to usher in punk music .
Determined and persuasive filmmaking pays off with a moving and remarkable true-life account of groundbreaking musicianship .
Mark Covino and Jeff Howlett have crafted a rousing account of the Hackney brothers , who would not only form the rare all-black punk band , but do so in the mid - '70s , nearly beating the Ramones and the Sex Pistols to the punch .
Takes its time getting there , but when it hit , it packed an emotional punch that knocked me on my ass so hard I left a skid mark on the floor .

@highlight

A Band Called Death is not only a fascinating portrait of a pioneering rock group , but also a tribute to family ties and perseverance in the face of hardship .