Director makes mea culpa a major theme , pleading that admitting her own selfish priorities as a rationalization , but it is insufficient to counter the intrusive images .
This film should be shown to every parent of a gay child .
A film that will fascinate inquisitive viewers on multiple levels .
While Reed 's own self-exposure shows insight , her presentation of her brother 's suffering comes across as an unprocessed spectacle of misery that has n't been adequately thought out .
Documents a moment in a few very specific lives that anyone with a heart and mind can understand and recognise .
A multilayered portrait of immense physical , emotional and psychological change .
Some of the footage is harrowing , some of it moving , but all of it fearlessly real and affecting .
This combination of amazing coincidences , sibling tensions and identity crises is a natural fit for the documentary form .
An exceptional film ... -LRB- that helps -RRB- illuminate the often painful experience of people trying to move on from dark personal and family pasts .
Prodigal Sons is crazily overstuffed with material , but the material is so strong and so endlessly surprising I ca n't blame Reed for her reluctance to leave anything out .
At the heart of Prodigal Sons , a family drama in the form of a succinct , eloquent personal journal , is a sibling rivalry whose reverberations touch upon the very essence of human identity ...
In an era of pop documentaries that reduce their subjects to gimmicky setups and patronizing lessons , Prodigal Sons is a near-profound palate cleanser .
A consistently generous film .
Kimberly Reed started out to make a movie about starting over , but then life got in the way . It did n't make her job harder . It made the movie better .
The problem with family-diary documentaries is that some families have too much drama for just one movie .
The past in Prodigal Sons is pervasive and formidable , to be sure , but it is hardly fixed .
-LSB- An -RSB- engrossing , unpredictable , often heartbreaking family-drama documentary .
Sometimes we forget that when documentary filmmakers begin a project , they do n't always know what they 'll be filming because , to state the obvious , real life does n't work from a script .
This is fascinating .
I love the set up of this one .
Compelling documentary featuring a remarkably appealing transsexual high-school star quarterback and her adopted , brain-damaged brother who learns he 's the grandson of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth .
Anybody who has ever doubted that truth is stranger than fiction should see Prodigal Sons .
Well-crafted and intense .
The emotional intensity combined with the Welles/Hayworth connection should draw attention to help this documentary stand out among independent films .
Instead of pushing deeper into any psychological dilemmas , this dirty-laundry doc gets lost in a sensationalistic flurry driven by a serious emotional unraveling .
Despite a fascinating midpoint revelation , Reed spends too much time capturing her sibling 's terrifying outbursts , devoting the film 's final act almost exclusively to his increasingly abject circumstances .
A testament to film 's documentary function to record moments of queasy immediacy as well as to Reed 's thoughtful self-analysis .
As director and leading subject , Kimberly Reed shares all sides of herself . She 's sensible , sensitive and candid , and brilliantly establishes a tone of contemplative empathy and compassion .

@highlight

Fascinating and heartbreakingly honest , Kimberly Reed 's family documentary uses its stranger-than-fiction story to speak near-universal truths about family bonds and human identity .