A modest , relatively low-budget affair graced with strong stars and sharp dialogue .
Director Damien O'Donnell has achieved a warm and uplifting movie which is marred only by a brief drift into melodrama in the middle .
A technical mess . The final version looks like an unfinished cut .
Full marks for intent ; barely a pass for execution .
O'Donnell should be lauded for offering a sensitive portrayal of disabled people without ever being patronizing .
Rory O'Shea is half sitcom , half sap .
Spiky-haired , handsome MacAvoy shows us how to be audacious and prominent without moving more than his face and two fingers .
narrowly focused drama
Irish drama about disability , interdependence and self-determination is nothing new , but it 's nicely made , with two great performances .
Tries and fails to juggle humor , sentimentality and political correctness with its punk war cry .
Rory O'Shea , challenging and difficult to watch at times , is to be applauded for taking us about as close to reality as a situation like this allows .
Randle Patrick McMurphy in a motorized wheelchair .
Perhaps a better moniker would have been One Flew Over My Left Foot .
Nobody will be shocked to learn people with cerebral palsy are people too
This problematic individual is quickly reduced to symbolic chump change . Pale martyrdom ensues , as he 's dulled down and sanctified according to trite Hollywood formula . Yawn .
How ironic that a movie that claims to assert independence for the disabled can not set its protagonists free for even a second .
Tries and fails to juggle humor , sentimentality and political correctness with its punk war cry .
... but that 's not enough to drag yourself or your loved ones to the cinema .
Director Damien O'Donnell and his terrific cast lend the film authenticity by quickly retreating whenever the proceedings threaten to get too cloying or sappy .
It 's a nice effort , enlivened by the work of McAvoy . His O'Shea is a memorable rebel who keeps self-pity at bay with good humor , and the occasional pint of Guinness .
It addresses the essential human need for dignity , for freedom , for mastery over one 's life .
The script , despite doses of irreverent humour , feels manipulative ...
Funny and moving , and more entertaining than some of the movies you are considering this weekend .
For all its noble intentions and vigorous performances , never transcends the claustrophobic character study .
McAvoy has an impudent face , twinkling blue eyes and an irresistibly wry delivery . On the basis of his charm , he could single-handedly sell the movie . But his Rory has hidden dimensions as well , most of which we do n't grasp until quite late in the game .
Sweet and deeply moving .
By all outward appearance and promotional literature , this movie wishes to depict the lives of seriously handicapped people in as real and accurate a way as possible . So why does it resort to some of the most insultingly lame clichés imaginable ?
While the film tries to tell a good story and illuminate various issues for the handicapped at the same time , the third act slides into the maudlin , and that would be the extra-strength Irish maudlin at that , with its hint o ' blithering blarney .
There 's little to emotionally involve the viewer , though the ending is meant to pull at the heartstrings .
Rory O'Shea Was Here certainly is n't the most cloying of the handicapped dramas but does n't earn the special status it 's fighting for .
As a feel-good movie about disabled youths , Rory O'Shea Was Here gets the job done , but it is n't interesting or daring enough to make it worth a trip to a theater .
A movie friendship to haunt our thoughts and inspire our deeds long after the details of the plot have flown from our memories .
Sentimentality and gloom are treated with appropriate , if often unprintable , contempt .
Director Damien O'Donnell and screenwriter Jeffrey Caine faithfully adhere to the bylaws of melodrama and quickly plunge us from triumph to tragedy .
... the life that goes out of the film in its final scenes confirms the lack of -LSB- James -RSB- McAvoy 's spirited presence
-LSB- T -RSB- hough it 's more than a tad conventional ... there is still much to recommend the film ...
With great dramatic flair , this fine film depicts how a larger-than-life young man who is both abrasive and fesity has a transforming effect on a sheltered friend .
A charming , if cliched , story of a sheltered young man 's discovery of his own potential through the auspices of a good-hearted rapscallion .
Here , comedy tries to compete with maudlin underpinnings , and eventually the movie drowns in a sea of soap .
Writer Jeffrey Caine and director Damien O'Donnell all but cut out our vital organ with moments of hard-sell poignancy .
What keeps us watching are the two leads .
Grows ever more manipulative and predictable .
In this earnest but ill-conceived message movie , Irish director Damien O'Donnell appears determined to teach us a lesson without quite understanding it himself .
Rory O'Shea Was Here of course has its heart in the right place . Its imagination , disappointingly , is in all the usual places .
Thanks to a liberal dose of bracing humor and fresh , believable characters , Rory O'Shea emerges as the kind of inspirational movie that actually earns its crowd-rousing response as opposed to merely pushing the same old , emotion-coaxing buttons .
O'Donnell never finds the right balance of pathos , sympathy and likability that would make you want to spend much time with the guys .
The well-researched film does n't shy away from the daily physical challenges Rory and Michael face , and the two leads bring a rigorous vitality to the characters .
This story would fall apart if you did n't believe in the two lead actors ' performances and both men do outstanding jobs making their physical limitations believable .
Real people with real problems deserve to be more than proverbial Christopher Reeves bolted , as THE ONION once suggested , to proverbial Washington Monuments .
There are much better ways to remind oneself about the preciousness of existence than this mostly lifeless film .
This is a lovely , moving tale of a powerful friendship .
Despite the periodic twinkling , the occasional detours into sentimentality and , most egregiously , the syrupy soundtrack that threatens to engulf the story at every turn , Rory O'Shea Was Here is better than the usual three-stage journey of courage .
Wildly uneven , constantly veering between honest emotions and insights and bald manipulation and contrivance .
Enjoyable piece of middlebrow British ephemera .
McAvoy puts across the part with considerable skill , but unfortunately the picture as a whole , though well-intentioned and likable , is also formulaic and manipulative .
Superbly acted .
Pic is hampered by a predictable , only mildy humorous script that chugs its way to a so-what conclusion .
As charming a devil as the actor James McAvoy may be , the movie gives Rory , in his defensive brashness , no layers , no dimension of personal dream .
` One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest ' meets ` The Sea Inside ' in this heartfelt comedy-drama about two young men who are seriously disabled .
A plea for equality of opportunity , a worthy objective somewhat obscured by non-disabled actors occupying the lead roles .
All of the characters have more depth than you get sometimes in these movies where it 's cardboard caricatures .
A heart-warming look at those suffering from debilitating disease
Differently abled characters are too seldom portrayed on screen -LSB- but -RSB- the overall impression of the film is rather mawkishly obvious .
An unusual mix of Leigh-for-Dummies social realism and fairy-tale wish-fulfillment .
The real pleasure of Rory O'Shea is its superb cast of mostly unknowns , particularly Romola Garai .
An uplifting buddy movie , the film aims to encourage audiences to see the person rather than the disability
-LSB- MacAvoy -RSB- is boisterous , projecting a larger than life personality that does n't so much rail against his disability as thumbs its nose at it
Well worth seeing , thanks to impressive performances by McAvoy and Robertson and solid direction by O'Donnell .
Thanks to strong performances and some bracing one-liners , O'Donnell makes a convincing case for equality for disabled people in society , though casting able-bodied actors as his wheelchair-driving protagonists unavoidably weakens his argument .

@highlight

The dramatic aspects of Rory O'Shea Was Here veer into mawkish , formulaic sentiment , which undercuts the characters ' individuality .