Heckerling undercuts the usual teensploitation tropes at every turn .
What it does n't have is a clear point of view , something that would make it of more interest than leafing through a high school yearbook .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` Fast Times at Ridgemont High '' is a remarkable outlier in the teen movie genre even if tone-deaf critics such as Roger Ebert panned the film upon its released in 1982 .
I 'll take something like The Breakfast Club or many of John Hughes films over Crowe 's characters any day .
Fast Times is a brilliant , funny and often challenging examination of teenage life in the early 1980s .
Teen movie is full of sex , drugs , and misbehavior .
A cult classic .
Director Amy Heckerling has failed to provide the raunch or poignancy that would interest young moviegoers , all of whom have seen American Graffiti and its 467 imitators . Ridgemont High ? A nice place to visit , but who would want to transfer there ?
Fast Times will always be remembered for one thing : showing respect for and insight into the members of its core audience , something that was as rare in the 1980s as it is today .
Great fun if not quite the great teen pic some believe it to be .
The nice thing is that Crowe and director Amy Heckerling have provided something pleasant to observe in all of these characters though they really are sadly lacking in anything gripping .
A brashly funny yet sensitive comedy that has become a cult favorite .
Was never all it was cracked up to be .
Director Amy Heckerling almost encourages the film 's shapelessness , letting the individual moments speak for themselves , rather than molding a cohesive whole .
Lacks the frenzied energy which allowed Porky 's to beat all competitors in its field .
-LSB- Penn -RSB- sets the tone of fun for the whole movie .
This R-rated comedy captured the natural humor of high school life , while also addressing serious topics .
Sean Penn 's calling never left Mr. Hand 's classroom .
overrated
The great high-school comedy that spawned a thousand rip-offs .
The comedy captured the brutal realism of post-sexual-revolution high school life and has been imitated often , rarely equaled , and surpassed only once .
The filmmakers ' attempts to capture the `` real '' high school experience run hot and cold , while the comedy quotient just does n't cut it .
How could they do this to Jennifer Jason Leigh ? How could they put such a fresh and cheerful person into such a scuz-pit of a movie ?
Pretty dated now , but it 's early Penn.
a high school comedy gem
A jumbled but appealing teen-age comedy with something of a fresh perspective on the subject .
Fast Times at Ridgemont High explores adolescent energy with elan .
An engaging 80s time capsule and an important early film for Heckerling and screenwriter Cameron Crowe .
Fast Times has not endured the passage of time .
It 's among the coolest high school films I 've ever seen , and it 's one of the most representative movies of the 80s .
Fast Times at Ridgemont High has really stood the test of time . Ridgemont will still have you reeling with laughter , and tapping your feet along to those eclectic pop classics .
May be the greatest teen movie ever made .
... largely prosaic , crude , stereotyped , and pointless .
Penn has a huge presence in the film , and every whacked line he utters resonates with the sheer hilarity that he fully believes in what he says
What plot there is garnishes itself with an array of such like-minded sensibilities that you 'd be hard pushed to find much in the way of fault .
The panoply of teen types and turmoils is dead-on accurate .
The movie is sublimely funny . And interesting .
Works well because we have the sense that , like Crowe , we are listening in .













@highlight

While Fast Times at Ridgemont High features Sean Penn 's legendary performance , the film endures because it accurately captured the small details of school , work , and teenage life .