Hausner is very skilled at bringing out the ambiguities of her material , and keeps shifting the tone towards sardonic humour .
Ms. Hausner 's film proceeds at a stately , measured pace , and uses classical compositions and stiff exchanges to underline the tedium of early 19th-century bourgeois life .
The film looks very beautiful , austere for sure but gorgeously staged and framed . The performances are very good but although it 's not very long , it does lack some punch . One for fans of austere auteurs .
The Austrian director 's sixth film is ecstatically original : a work of film-history-philosophy with a digital-cinema palette of acutely crafted compositions .
Fatally labors under excessively Teutonic discipline .
Austrian director Jessica Hausner has fashioned a formal , feminist , wickedly humorous variation on history .
The build-up scenes of talk and philosophising , in salons and sitting rooms , are hypnotic .
From this droll premise , potentially as dark and dry as blackened toast , Hausner spins a witty , unexpectedly touching meditation on the nature of partnership and the elasticity of fate .
This visual confinement underscores the lack of intimacy and agency in Henriette 's life . Her longing for escape is understandable . She 's surrounded by men for whom a woman 's life is predicated on silence .
Hausner has cast the movie brilliantly : We know volumes about wife , husband , and poet just from their faces and the way they move .
There 's no blood pumping through Hausner 's characters ' veins .
Less than propulsive as a narrative , but provocative , instructive , consistently surprising and a kind of slow-motion thriller .
Despite being inspired by actual events , it all comes off more confounding than tragic or romantic .
Despite the film 's tightly constructed reserve , Hausner saves one last trick for the end : As unknowable as these characters are , you may be surprised how much you miss them .
Finely finessed in gesture and metronymically measured in pace .
In Hausner 's deft hands , the comedy makes the existential exercise even more challenging , forcing the audience to ponder awkward truths beneath the chilly humor .
Its contemplative musings and understated beauty contribute to an oddly immersive rhythm that , once established , is easy to get lost in .
It illustrates , both bluntly and gently , the stultifying trap of male influence .
Mostly , it 's just expertly bloodless-a series of beautifully composed tableaux stripped of all passion .
Hausner 's film feels authentically quiet and slower-paced for the time period ...
It can be a strategically off-putting movie yet one that also steals under your skin scene by scene and through Ms. Schnoeink 's slowly revealing performance as an ill-fated heroine turned future biographical footnote .
Somber , emotionally engaging and haunting with exquisite , awards-worthy cinematography , set design and costume design .
One thing 's certain : This is no swoony love story . It intoxicates all the same .
-LSB- writer-director Jessica Hausner has -RSB- made a bone-dry comedy of manners , finding absurdist humor in material most filmmakers would probably play straight .
So sober and seemingly passionless that some may resist , but it 's undeniably hard to shake off .
Austrian writer-director Jessica Hausner has an unerring talent for examining , skeptically but never cynically , grand notions about destiny ...
The colorful costumes and décor have more character than the blandly coached cast , and the stiff , tableau-like images are a vain artistic pose .
Jessica Hausner is less interested in historical revisionism than mining this real-life tragedy for its existential thrust .
What really fascinates is the comedy of errors -- and manners -- that Hausner stages along the way , commenting sardonically on the various mishaps , misunderstandings and missed connections that ensue .
The plot barely reaches a crawl . But Hausner 's formal rigour is undeniably hypnotic .
Visually , Amour Fou is as dreamlike as the states affecting its languorous protagonists .
Inspired by the suicide of poet Heinrich von Kleist in 1811 , Amour Fou ... immerses the viewer in a long gone age . There is an attention to detail and manners that is quietly absorbing .
It 's a strange one , all right , but I guarantee you 'll be dissecting it in your head for days .
It 's notable more for its elegant , painterly tableaux , classical music and historical costumes than an immersive story addressing the period 's politics and social mores .
The narrative screws of Hausner 's screenplay are impressively tightened .
The mise-en-scene is appropriately suffocating , marked by scrupulous production design and rigid , geometric framing , yet a savage , liberating wit lies beneath the surface .
The pace is slow and the comedy mordant , but Friedel and Schnoeink are terrific .
It 's stark and chilly , with an oddly engaging death 's - mask grin .
Jessica Hausner 's Amour Fou frames German Romanticism from a female perspective , gently poking fun at the true story of the selfish , pompous poet Heinrich von Kleist and his suicide pact with Henriette Vogel in 1811 .
This is a fascinating look at a world about to be swept away by social change , and though not all viewers will be attuned to its urbane wit , the film 's poise and intelligence are undeniable .
It is a strange , clenched movie : weirdly compelling , with an undertone of absurdity worthy of Woody Allen 's Love and Death .
Jessica Hausner 's bourgeois farce offers the perfect blend of humour and romance .
A daring , dark satire strewn with allusions to modern times .
If this is intended as a sly satire of Romanticism 's extremes it works a treat .
... Amour Fou is a winner , if a slightly feeble one .
An early reference to Kleist 's short story The Marquise of O should clue you in on Hausner 's stylistic debt to Rohmer 's film version , with its static camera setups and gorgeous yet minimalist sets .

@highlight

Amour Fou risks overpowering its deceptively impactful story with its remarkable visuals , but ultimately forms a fascinating whole .