G.I. Joe lacks structure , believability , decent characters , competent actors and the helmsman has clearly abandoned ship . Save yourself a headache and do n't bother with this one .
A dull , passionless take on a property that any fan could have outdone with half the budget . No Joe !
It 's about nothing , but who cares ? It 's the last big action movie of the summer and it does what it 's supposed to do .
Here comes GI Joe , a film so loud and dumb it makes Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen look like a Mike Leigh docudrama .
As is usually the case , the seething bad guys make for far more `` interesting '' onscreen characters than the heroes .
Joe is the latest bloated float in Sommers 's sad parade of cinematic shame ... a glorified Cannon Films production with a nasty case of ADD . ''
G.I. Joe : Rise Of Cobra is a very throwaway experience , likely to be forgotten by the film world very quickly .
G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra is like a term paper that fulfills the word count requirement and drops in key phrases to demonstrate some familiarity with the material but is largely filler .
It 's just as you would expect : poorly acted , conventionally written and occasionally fun .
... it 's actually better -LRB- again , the wrong word ; `` not nearly as awful '' is closer to correct -RRB- than the recent Transformers sequel , and significantly shorter to boot .
We 're glad we did n't pay full price for our movie tickets .
Light entertainment with little to call memorable ... but at least therein exists some detectable evidence that the filmmakers had a soft spot for G.I. Joe and simply wanted to deliver its essence to the screen .
expensively produced escapist fantasy designed to protect the delicate sensibilities of the kids while never for a moment taxing their budding critical thinking skills
Un film bâclé qui n'obéit à aucune logique physique ou narrative
A typically frenetic actioner from Stephen Sommers ...
This is an action film highlight reel , with any sense of story or purpose shoved to the corners .
Loud , shiny , and critic-proof , this franchise launcher is basically Transformers minus the humanity .
There are bound to be some 10-year-olds who will shout a hearty `` Yo Joe ! '' -LRB- the G.I. Joe battle cry -RRB- . The rest of us will more likely be crying , `` Say it ai n't so , Joe ! ''
Fans will be disappointed unless they 're so desperate that they 'll like anything that says it 's a G.I. JOE movie .
The folks at Hasbro must be laughing all the way to the bank this summer .
This is my favorite bad movie of the summer . And yes , I realize that 's a backhanded compliment . Yo Joe .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Sommers did the first two chaotic Mummy remakes ; those play like Tender Mercies compared to this one .
This is n't G.I. Joe so much as it 's C.G.I. Joe , a nonstop orgy of computer imagery and pretty much what we 'd expect from the director of the execrable Van Helsing and two dopey Mummy movies .
If only they 'd brought Mr. Potato Head into the mix .
... marginally better than the Transformers franchise -LRB- not that the bar was all that high -RRB- ...
So , now you know , G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra is about as uncomfortable to sit through as running in a marathon with a bad case of the trots - and knowing is half the battle .
Unfortunately , the plot requires Sienna Miller to strike sparks off of Channing Tatum , which is somewhat like smashing granite against wood .
Harks back to the pulpy spirit of ` Doc Savage ' adventures and Roger Moore-era James Bond movies ...
I do n't think I 've seen an untested film franchise be set up for a sequel so hard in my entire life .
The action figures formerly known as `` Real American Heroes '' deserve something better than this artificial , live-action cartoon .
G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra contains two hours of cartoon violence , wildly exaggerated high-speed car chases and more than enough laser beams and bomb blasts to keep the kid inside you entertained . If you 're going in expecting anything else , you 're
I do n't mind if something blows up every five minutes so long as I 'm given a reason to care why something is blowing up every five minutes .
G.I. Joe must be understood as an authentic measurement of our cultural values . Its appeal to the pop-commercial synapses also demonstrates livelier filmmaking than such utter banality as Iron Man and Star Trek and Harry Potter 's Half-Blooded Chintz .
The real reason Paramount Pictures did n't screen `` G.I. Joe '' for critics : they were afraid of reviews like this one .
Basically Team America : World Police played straight and minus the political edge .
After a first hour that plays like a bad TV show , Sommers hits his groove with an over-the-top Paris chase sequence that , in turn , leads to an underwater finale that 's absurdly overproduced , momentarily diverting , and then instantly forgettable .
A bit like having pieces of metal thrown at your face in a wind tunnel .
This is the best bad movie you will see all year .
A slightly more pleasurable experience than Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen . But then again , so is a prolapsed colon .
Sometimes , a film defies conventional narrative and artistic standards so utterly that it seems unfair to judge it by them ... . Consider this a tone poem in 40 scraps of dialogue .
Sienna Miller is eye-candy in black leatherette as good-bad girl the Baroness . Ditto for Rachel Nichols as redheaded heroine Scarlett .
It 's just stupid and inept , which are not uncommon traits at the tail end of the summer movie season .
This pricey , juiceless pulp could never have been killed by critics , simply because it was already dead .
OK , it 's seriously deficient in plot or acting . But in this genre , those two ingredients are as superfluous as canoes in a desert .
I could load you up with more plot details , but this mercilessly incoherent , galactically stupid movie left me too numb to type .
There 's an expectation that the audience will be invested in the relationship between Duke and Ana , but the poor writing and lack of chemistry between the principals fails to sell the romance as anything more substantial than a weak plot element .
It was that odd mix of straight-faced earnestness and bananas action that made the cartoon so much fun , and that 's what the movie delivers on .
G.I. Joe is a loud but proficient slab of explode-o-rama summer blockbuster nonsense , perfectly entertaining if you like that sort of thing , extremely skippable if you do n't .
It 's a strong rival for Star Trek among the summer 's most purely exciting action films .
This is a militaristic , borderline-fascistic movie , the kind of thing that makes the Pentagon seem as threatening as the pentagram .
It is impossible to care for the Joes , so cursory is their characterisation , so bland are the actors . It is all so uninvolving , and for that the computer-generated effects are greatly to blame .
It 's big , it 's dumb and its cast wo n't be winning any acting awards , but for all that , the film delivers a two-hour blast of fun sure to delight the kid in all of us .
The filmmakers have harvested the coolest elements from blockbusters over the past five or six years
A lot of fun and pushes for some truly good chase scenes that take place in the air , land . and sea ...
Coming after Michael Bay 's terrifyingly psychotic Transformers sequel , it 's a relief to have a lowbrow fantasy actioner that 's lively and busy without being crushingly relentless .
At its best it 's kind of fun , at its worst only kind of stupid .
The new G.I. Joe movie cost $ 175-million -LRB- U.S. -RRB- to make and is as cluttered as a nine-year-old 's bedroom .
G.I. Joe is extremely light on plot and has a story that is 100 % predictable . This is all , miraculously , to the film 's benefit as breezy , good natured fluff .
You get your money 's worth and then some . As for the movie 's stars , Tatum is suitably studly and Miller acquits herself quite well in her first turn in a blockbuster .
The movie is finally just too frivolous to elicit any real reaction , bemusement , anger , whatever . It 's almost quaint .
If the marketing suits at Paramount Pictures need a catchy slogan , might I suggest , ` G.I. Joe - hey , at least it 's not Transformers . '
Down the elevator goes into the desert sands - a man-made lake at this level , a working reconstruction of the Bush years at the next level , Kim Kardashian 's closet at the level past that .
It is sure to be enjoyed by those whose movie appreciation is defined by the ability to discern that moving pictures and sound are being employed to depict violence .
Dare I say it ? Not only is G.I Joe a just apology by Steven Sommers for Van Helsing , it 's also a reminder why Michael Bay 's Transformers franchise is so forgettable .
As a pure action movie , a popcorn movie if you will , G.I. Joe delivers the goods .
There are legitimate nitpicks , to be sure , but this flick is too enthusiastically over-caffeinated to warrant much anger .
Very nearly everything that 's wrong with Hollywood , but darn if it wo n't give an action-hungry audience its money 's worth . It 's ridiculous , it 's stoopid , and it puts its planes in the air like it just do n't care .
A Hasbro é o novo Rob Schneider de Hollywood .
Its pointless noise remains devoid of energy or fun , going from merely stupid August mayhem to a colossal waste of time .
Worst ` blockbuster ' of the summer .
Not particulary good , but at times , the mayhem gets so over the top that it 's hard not to have a big grin on your face .
Audiences know the signs of a lame August release -- and , as the Joes say , knowing is half the battle .
As with most sugary indulgences , G.I. Joe 's sweet , dizzying high is followed almost immediately by a painful crash .
so full of mindless action , even the flashbacks are full of fight scenes and chase scenes and shoot 'em scenes
An unabashed work of pure entertainment made without the slightest agenda beyond replicating the look and feel of a Saturday morning cartoon .
Went expecting to hate it , but loved it , not because it 's `` fun '' but because they kept the tone serious . When did having FUN at a movie become a BAD thing ?
The dialogue 's inane and mostly unnecessary . The flashback sequences -LRB- of which there are way too many -RRB- are distracting and , again , unnecessary ...
Just put yourself in the mind-set of a ten-year-old boy watching this on a Saturday morning with a big bowl of frosted flakes in front of you . But do n't expect anything more .
The definition of cinematic empty calories . It 's like stuffing your face with cotton candy in lieu of dinner .
Parental Content Review
Yo , Joe ? How about I say no , Joe , and then call it a night ?
I 'll have forgotten most of it by Labor Day , but I was never bored .
Practically a compendium of everything that 's wrong with Hollywood action flicks nowadays -- a non-stop orgy of cheesy , chaotic CGI effects unencumbered by any human dimension .
Basically , the Joes are not bad , it 's just that they could have been much better with a little less conversation , a little more action .
G.I. Joe is like watching fireworks with a blindfold on : it 's deafening and you feel under attack .
It 's enjoyable enough while it 's speeding along . Like the Joes themselves , the movie succeeds by simply crashing headfirst through every obstacle .
A predictable actioner built on big booms , a few one-liners and a major assist from CG department , there are few surprises , few nuances , very little reasoning -- and some distractingly bad acting .
In his dreams , Stephen Sommers is Michael Bay .
G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra is as polished and entertaining as war-mongering toy commercials get .
Sure , big dumb fun can be big dumb fun , but Sommers goes beyond the `` more is more '' modus operandi and launches into `` too much is never enough '' territory .
Too violent for kids , too childish for grown-ups .
A movie that 's more sci-fi than semper fi -- and possibly the most proudly mindless epic of the year .
Not that the characters matter , because the screenwriters and director Stephen Sommers are determined to mainly deliver one high-octane , heavily CGI-laden action set piece after another , to ultimately deadening effect .
They 're not heroes , or zeroes . Instead , these G.I.s are just so-so .
Lots of things never become clear in `` G.I. , '' which is so busy setting up a sequel that it does n't even tell us what has become of two of the three main bad guys .
-LSB- M -RSB- y good Mr. Fanboy , I give you G.I Joe : The Rise of Cobra , the world 's first weaponized movie !
It 's so silly that -- perhaps appropriately -- the film almost comes across as a live-action cartoon .
It 's dumb . It 's digital . It 's derivative . This Joe , scripted at a toy-selling TV-cartoon level , is a non-stop shoot-em-up edited to induce seizures .
It is possible that never before in the annals of cinema has so much destruction been depicted on screen to so little purpose , unless you count brain or ear damage .
The only collateral damage is in the audience , where , as you sit through the movie , you can feel your IQ drop minute by minute .
This may be the first movie to boast digital effects that actually look less realistic than the graphics in its own tie-in video game .
Compared to other big-budget movies out this summer , it 's pretty mediocre . But as a movie that no one thought would be any good because it 's based on an action figure that is n't even a foot tall any more , it wildly succeeds .
Formerly a real American hero , G.I. Joe is no longer a hero -LRB- it 's a team -RRB- or American -LRB- it 's a multinational unit of military superstars , though the way they do business you 'd rather have the Croatian navy on your side -RRB- . As for real , well ...
a so utterly disposable comic-book film that one forgets it before it ends
` GI Joe ' is big , dumb , loud and utterly relentless : basically , everything you could ever want from a summer blockbuster .
The G.I. Joe script may be the worst of all time , but the action scenes are so exhilarating that it is worth seeing .
A tornado of vacuous heroes , moustache-twirling villainy and underwhelming spectacle .
Puppet satire Team America got there first , on a fraction of the budget and with more animated performances .
The tongue-in-cheek action film they 've inspired aims for ` so bad it 's good ' cheesiness , but just ends up being -- well , bad .
There 's no way to take this movie seriously , and that 's exactly what makes it so much fun .
This ultra-violent , incoherent and utterly underwhelming action flick cost more than $ 200 million to produce .
Sommers bucks the bad buzz with a throwaway blast of solid , stupid fun . You laugh at it rather than with it , but a sequel would be worth it just for more of Gordon-Levitt 's one-eyed dramatics .
Viewers certainly wo n't be able to accuse G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra of lacking in sound and fervor , but that 's just the problem . With nothing else to latch onto , the picture 's ceaseless bombastic overload grows tedious rather than exciting .
Made for only two audiences : those who thought the '80s cartoon was abso-freakin ' - lutely awesome and anyone who finds a mindless fantasy world of techno-military action abso-freakin ' - lutely awesome on its own terms .
Overlong , boringly vacuous and pointlessly noisy , but I am not this movie 's target audience . At least it is n't as pretentious as Watchmen .
Only those of you young enough to be playing with action figures will have the imagination required to believe in this nonsense .
There is an inertia born of ceaseless , stupefying animation .
I was more excited by last week 's G-Force 3-D , if only because the guinea pigs give the better performances .
You wonder how the actors kept straight faces making this shameless codswallop .
Who was shooting who and why ? No idea ! I did n't care ! Because there was loads of constantly exploding stuff . Expect no more , and you 'll be reasonably satisfied by this least demanding of summer blockbusters .
It 's noisy , fast-paced and stuffed with special effects . The screenplay ? You 've got to be joking !
G.I. Joe is a summer popcorn action movie done right .
G.I. Joe : The Rise Of Cobblers , as it must now be known , is a 118-minute war crime that does for the army what Steve Martin 's Inspector Clouseau did for the French police force - except with more fake-looking explosions .
The energy never lets up and the time passes in spectacular fashion with stunts , humour and one impressive set-piece after another .
Watching `` G.I. Joe '' is like being slapped across the face with utility-grade meat for two hours and for all I know , that is exactly what screenwriters Stuart Beattie and David Elliot & Paul Lovett did to get themselves in the proper frame of mind .
GI Joe : Rise of the Cobra plays out like someone bought the remake rights to Team America : World Police without realising it was a joke .
It 's complete nonsense but absolutely marvellous nonsense .
About as hollow as big , dumb action extravaganzas come .
As flawed , imperfect , and utterly fun as the universe of heroic fighters imagined by every kid who ever walked through KB Toys , stared at the shelves , and simply imagined .
Do n't go expecting an escapist night at the movies ; go expecting to be cudgeled into numb , drooling submission .
G.I. Joe is the kind of movie that bludgeons the viewer into submission with its loud and constant barrage of sound and fury .
If G. I. Joe was a Saturday morning television cartoon lasting 45 minutes it would be far more palatable , but as a full-length feature film it 's too much of a no-brainer .
Considering the buzz on G.I. Joe you would think it was Catwoman II . Actually , G.I. Joe ranks higher on this summer 's action movie scale than Terminator , Wolverine and Transformers .
As a cheesy , mindless kid blockbuster it 's perfectly mediocre , those already labeling it a highlight of the Summer need to get their heads examined
Sommers seems to be operating under what he perceives as a pact between himself and his 11-year-old fanbase , to simply provide them with as much awesome **** as he 's allowed to shovel at the screen .
The pile-up of effects is like watching someone else playing videogames ; neat moves , but where 's the fun ?
A trashy but nonetheless hugely enjoyable action-adventure with superb effects , exciting action sequences , likeable characters and a neat line in techno-gadgetry .
The opening sequence says a lot about the fundamental problem with the movie , ie that it 's deeply stupid and heavily armed .
Playing more like a highlights reel from an established franchise than a movie intended to launch it , G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra interrupts its barrage of CGI action for only the barest minimum of anything resembling character development .
A hoot from explosive start to deafening finish .
A silly , cheesy , ineptly executed blockbuster that 's unlikely to spawn a series .
It 's clear that Sommers really gets the appeal of G.I. Joe to its fanbase , although far too often , the movie veers into territory that seems more like advertising for the cool vehicles and playsets ,
Not what anyone would call playful , this film 's passion for weaponry and covert ops springs from a disturbingly sadistic and joyless place -- all it lacks is waterboarding .
Unpretentious popcorn entertainment which delivers the goods and should be a sizable hit .
A lively , yet tedious , assault on the senses .
Another deliriously overloaded , effects-driven , bubble-headed extravaganza designed to leave your eyes spinning from one too many camera-shaking explosions .
It is so bad it makes even the worst of George Lucas ' second round of Star Wars movies look good .
You would n't expect anything of depth and substance . Having said that , the film has its fun moments , it moves along at a cracking pace , and some members of the cast show themselves worthy of better things .
Bond without the style and Team America without the bellylaughs . The moronic script and nonsensical plot are good for a snicker , though .
Coming on the heels of such DOA fare as X-Men Origins : Wolverine and Terminator Salvation , this gung ho popcorn flick feels positively visceral .
Despite the brou-ha-ha that has been talked about for months and currently about the state of the film , ` G.I Joe : Rise of the Cobra ' is a pure adrenaline fantasy and fun ride .
Youngsters -LRB- anyone up to about 24 -RRB- will whisper ` cool ' with jaws dropped every 85 seconds or so , as the gizmos , gadgets , weapons and other toys of the future flash before their eyes
In spite of many misgivings , including ropey CGI , convoluted storytelling and a smattering of horribly over-the-top performances , G.I. Joe is a blast from start-to-finish .
There are perhaps just too many characters to take on board , but when it works well it 's spectacular .
A big-budget popcorn flick worthy of escapist fun
This cartoonish flick is not as cheesy or silly as Sommers ' former work -LRB- The Mummy , Van Helsing -RRB- , but it 's like a long , noisy , relentlessly violent videogame lacking plot and character , with the robot-like actors marginal in the overall design .
` G.I. Joe : The Rise Of Cobra ' is ... a summer movie , through and through , pure pulp preposterousness , one of the most successful little-boy adventure movies in a long time .
Pure escapist fun .
Stephen Sommers ' film captures the silly energy that made the series such a childhood favorite and finds a way to fulfill the expectations of fanboys from 13 to 30 -LRB- okay , 33 -RRB- in the process .
G.I. Joe may not be a great movie , but it sure is a hoot and a half , just make sure to find that inner child in you that still likes to play pretend .
If I was 10 years old , GI Joe would be one of the best movies I had ever seen . As a grown up it 's one of the better summer movies ; a delightfully light , fun and action-packed kick in the ass .


@highlight

While fans of the Hasbro toy franchise may revel in a bit of nostalgia , G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra is largely a cartoonish , over-the-top action fest propelled by silly writing , inconsistent visual effects , and merely passable performances .