All I expected from The Other Guys was that it makes me laugh , and it did , for two hours straight .
`` The Other Guys '' gets completely sidetracked with its seemingly tacked-on high concept about busting white-collar crimes perpetrated by sinister multinational conglomerates .
The Other Guys is the rare big-budget studio comedy that knows how to allocate its resources .
Mark Wahlberg and Will Ferrell have excellent chemistry , and provide for a lot of funny moments , but a poorly written plot and some forced jokes make The Other Guys only a good , not great comedy .
One of the biggest problems overall , besides the lack of comedy , was the lack of story .
Ferrell has n't been this funny in years .
The first 30 minutes of the film , where this concept is really milked to the max , easily makes for some of the funniest comedy of the year .
The Other Guys is the sort of movie that generates some of its best jokes quietly in the background or as quick-hit throwaway lines , while other terrific gags are defiantly over the top .
Not all of the gags pan out , but when they do they get more than a few chuckles .
Juxtaposes the excesses of our unregulated financial sector with the excesses of the buddy cop movie .
This is the fourth feature that Will Ferrell and writer-director Adam McKay have collaborated on , and once again they deliver laugh-out-loud if ultimately disposable comedy with mixed messages about arrested male development .
There are quite a few fun and hilarious moments to be had thanks to a knockout supporting cast , but there 's a reason we 've never followed `` the other guys '' before .
Even the credits at the end of the film are smart , detailing the inequities of CEO pay and the government bailout of AIG and large banking firms .
The Other Guys is n't as loose and free associative as its predecessors , planting Ferrell in the middle of a routine mismatched cop plot that does n't permit him to combust .
Stop the press ! Multimillionaire actors unite to skewer deep-pocketed bureaucrats and billion-dollar blowouts ! Does Adam McKay 's The Other Guys herald the end of Hollywood 's age of excess ? Hmm , not quite .
A fast-punching farce with a serious devotion to the random .
The balance of action and humour is off here and by dialing down the moments of ridiculousness from his other films with Ferrell , McKay has made them all the more glaringly odd .
... a misfire of impressively epic proportions .
The Other Guys , like the testosterone-heavy `` frat-pack '' films which Ferrell is known for , is a buddy-cop film that 's at once savvy , nostalgic , irreverent , and heartfelt .
The Other Guys has surprisingly energetic action sequences , shoot 'em - ups and car chases , and even a bit of a whodunit plot ...
It runs out of steam in the final third but The Other Guys is constantly kept afloat by a grand cast that includes Michael Keaton as station captain Gene Mauch and Eva Mendes as Gamble 's smouldering wife Sheila .
After a string of largely mirth-free months at the multiplex , this might well be a late entry as one of the comedies of the summer .
Explosive action sequences collide with polished one-liners and some amusing supporting performances .
A comedy-action movie that begins far more engagingly than it ends .
One insanely funny film .
An angrier or more lucid breakdown of the grubby malfeasance of the stripy-shirted masters of the self-designated masters of the universe has yet to be made .
If you liked Anchorman , you 'll probably find things to like about The Other Guys , but it 's not a classic even for rabid Ferrell enthusiasts .
McKay and co-writer Dave Henchy keep on pumping out gags ; their movie often looks like a 107-minute comedy sketch , and I laughed throughout .
This is a tricky film to award a star rating , for it starts out as five-star and ends up a turkey . I 've compromised on three stars .
A forgettable addition to the McKay canon .
This mismatched-cops comedy takes several well-aimed swipes at the action genre , blending knockabout farce with quick-witted humour .
The story confuses , but the characters engage , the action excites and the laughs are daft , clever and copious .
A sharp script sets this fast and furious action comedy apart from other brainless summer movies .
Skewers the action genre while also finding room for sheer madness .
There 's a wealth of joyously berserk idiot humour , fusing slapstick and satire , surrealism and stream-of-consciousness improv into what could well prove the funniest movie of the year .
The silly humour is hit-and-miss , but when it works it 's very funny .
Well worth seeing for the barrage of genuine laugh-out-loud moments in its first half , The Other Guys is an example of a movie that peters out by conforming to storytelling convention .
Just go and see it . And send me the bill if you do n't laugh .
So what 's the secret ingredient that makes Ferrell funny ? The Other Guys finally confirms of what many of us long suspected . It 's writer-director Adam McKay .
All we can report is that half the audience were rolling in the aisles while the rest looked like the voluntarily childless trapped in a kindergarten .
The Other Guys delivers some decent laughs and features strong comic performances from Ferrell and Wahlberg , but it 's also overlong , uneven and guilty of putting all the best gags in the trailers .
Will Ferrell is like the North Atlantic Ocean of comedy , the link between black British absurdist humour and boisterous American slapstick .
The buddy cop love between Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg is strong .
If you 're a fan of Ferrell 's tangential humour , this is a blast with some particularly impressive directorial flourishes from McKay . Still not as funny/weird/demented as Anchorman .
In the end , it 's the writing , and Ferrell 's and Wahlberg 's performances which make this film .
It 's only when Ferrell and Wahlberg go head-to-head that The Other Guys sparkles and its unfortunate that such a good pairing is wasted .
It works best when it is freewheeling and absurd , and based on the relationship between the character and loses ground when the filmmakers worry too much about plot .
Director Adam McKay feeds this sketchy premise -LRB- less good-cop-bad-cop , more non-cop-exasperated-cop -RRB- into a machine primed to run on the stoo-pid things only Ferrell can get away with .
This zany , very funny comedy works largely because of the pairing of Ferrell and Wahlberg . As with all good comedy they play it for real and Wahlberg is a revelation .
Editing is crucial , but The Other Guys never knows when to cut . I suspect that Ferrell has a lot of control over that aspect and he is not ruthless enough . Perhaps he thinks everything he does is funny .
I was n't sure what to expect from the unorthodox pairing of Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg but it turns out they make a likeable comedic duo .
While Anchorman still stands as Adam McKay 's high watermark , The Other Guys manages to take a worn concept and make it feel fresh and lively in a stale mainstream comedy market .
It comes as a massive relief to find that The Other Guys does n't just work as a comedy -- not there was much doubt there , what with Will Ferrell re-teaming with director Adam McKay -- but there 's some solid action going on as well .
With plenty of inventive and nutty bits of dialogue , action and character moments , The Other Guys is a genuinely hysterical , laugh-a-minute comedy .
A smashing start , but the impetus soon slows . The whole film is like that , dreary quarter hours strung together by a few fun minutes
The lunacy makes it fly but much of the comedy in this buddy-cop Will Ferrell pairing with Mark Wahlberg simply floats along . The problem is stretching this sketch-like concept out into a full length film
This is one of the best comedies of the summer , though perhaps that says more about the quality of films in 2010 than The Other Guys itself .
I 've discussed the `` Three Stooges '' effect before to explain why guys laugh at things that women do n't and vice-versa ... The Other Guys left me as cold .
Savory , like wine , but ridiculous as all hell .
one of Ferrell 's all-time best performances , probably McKay 's most cohesive film to date , and one of the most all-around satisfying comedies in years .
Thanks to superior gags and dynamite chemistry between its two stars , `` The Other Guys '' is probably Ferrell 's best pure comedy since `` Anchorman . ''
Some of Ferrell 's running gags fall flat , and the best laughs come when Ferrell plays straight-man to the surprisingly funny Wahlberg .
These Guys deliver the funny .
Ferrell is funny . But any actor who allows himself to make the same movie again and again , with only slight variations , can expect the law of diminishing returns to kick in .
Does n't compare to Ferrell 's best work and does n't get Wahlberg any closer to escaping Mark Wahlberg Talks To Animals , but it 's a valiant and enjoyable effort on both parts .
Co-writer/director Adam McKay -LRB- `` Step Brothers '' -RRB- establishes a hit-or-miss tone of non-sequitur absurdist humor for an unconventional buddy film that never quite finds its pitch .
Not the best Will Ferrell movie , but the best in a long while .
Not to be blunt , but The Other Guys is dumb , mostly .
Ferrell and Wahlberg act like feuding children , and it 's a great thing .
Buddy cop mockery that works
I 'm actually pretty pleased with The Other Guys -- not to the degree that I will be investing in the inevitable unrated DVD edition of it , but pretty pleased .
The Other Guys just goes all over the place ; stay tuned to see if McKay goes anywhere .
The Other Guys takes this summer 's crown for best and most quotable comedy .
Not one of Ferrell 's best efforts and certainly not Wahlberg 's , this movie is only sporadically funny .
It has some solid laughs and manages to keep the story moving in ways that do n't make you feel like you 've seen it all before .
... you could do worse for a summer action comedy , even if The Other Guys eventually comes dangerously close to becoming the kind of generic buddy cop film it means to parody .
Wahlberg , Mendes , Keaton , and Coogan give good performances but not nearly good enough to overcome Ferrell , the incoherent , woeful script , story , and direction .
the movie is at its best when it plays with the various ways in which Ferrell 's genial awkwardness constantly sharpen the razors in Wahlberg 's eyes
The action scenes are staged awkwardly , the actors seem like they 're just buying time until the next zinger lands , the ending does n't ratchet the stakes up at all , and the political commentary falls flat .
Ferrell at his funniest !
the fun here is discovering that Wahlberg is one of the finest comic straight men ever to have graced the big screen
Sloppy , slapdash and uneven , but hilarious nonetheless .
They try to cross ` Lethal Weapon ' with ` Naked Gun ' but miss on both . You 'll laugh at Ferrell , just not enough .
While not a ` laugh-riot ' comedy , fans of the director/actor team of Will Ferrell and Adam McKay should enjoy The Other Guys .
I have n't laughed this hard in a movie since the last time I watched ` Waiting for Guffman . '
Not Will Ferrell 's best , but still solid .
It has been said before that Will Ferrell movies would be funnier if trimmed and refined to a half hour max . ` The Other Guys ' sure qualifies .
If an odd-couple comedy is unequivocally what you seek , I 'd recommend -- by a hair -- going to check out the other guys : Steve Carell and Paul Rudd in Dinner for Schmucks .
How has there not been a major tentpole set piece involving a wrecking ball before ? It takes a comedy to do great crazy action .
The Other Guys is a goof ; a happily disposable yukfest that never pretends to be other than that , yet manages to surprise in the sharpness of its script and in the fun all involved are clearly having .
This peacock really flies , but what 's with the credits ?
Ferrell is given the space to do what he does best - play it straight . One killer line after another is delivered in deadpan monotone .
Passable satire on the buddy-cop action-comedy genre .
It seems like McKay is always able to bring out the best in Ferrell , and their latest collaboration , the mismatched-buddy cop comedy The Other Guys , is thankfully more of the same .
Hope & Crosby . Abbott & Costello . Laurel & Hardy . Ferrell & Wahlberg wo n't be joining this select group if The Other Guys is any indication .
When the movie focuses on Terry and Allen and their banter , the movie is hilarious , and happily , this is quite often .
The Other Guys is most authentically itself when it indulges in a free-form but nonetheless highly disciplined silliness that has the effect of dissolving , rather than piquing , whatever worldly anger or frustration you may be harboring .
Something 's strange when Eva Mendes is funnier than Steve Coogan .
As good and fleeting as a street corner popsicle
Quirky buddy comedy mixes action , some raunchy stuff .
The flaws do n't outweigh the fact that most of The Other Guys is straight-up funny .
Basically you have Ferrell -- whose recent output might charitably be described as `` iffy '' -- working a couple of dweeby riffs for all they 're worth .
It 's all absurd and overblown and -- most importantly -- consistently so through to the end ... The cast is perfect , underplaying rather than overexaggerating ...
Even if the genuinely funny punch lines grow thinner the longer the movie goes , The Other Guys functions as a pitch-perfect spoof of the buddy-cop genre .
A hilarious comedy that sails on absurdly-angry comic chemistry between Ferrell and Wahlberg and the sharp improvisational working relationship between Ferrell and his director-soulmate Adam McKay .
Through it all , Ferrell is as Ferrell does . He 's a non sequitur with frizz .
Deteriorates into something resembling Rush Hour 3 .
In terms of flat-out nonstop laughter , it 's the best comedy of the summer .
At times , there 's an `` everything but the kitchen sink '' quality to the joke grab . But it works .
They may not be Jack Lemmon and Billy Wilder , but Will Ferrell and Adam McKay have a pretty good thing going .
McKay has surrounded his lead with a wealth of guest stars and a funny script that borders on being manic .
Note to Kevin Smith : THIS is how you do a spoof of the buddy-cop genre .
Measured against this year 's other police farce -- remember Cop Out ? -- it looks absolutely heroic .
The Other Guys takes stuff that , as a rule , is n't particularly funny , and tries to make you laugh . More often than not , it succeeds .
On the David Letterman show this week , Will Ferrell said he was not an idiot but a buffoon . ` The Other Guys ' gives moviegoers yet another chance to parse the distinction .
Forgets it 's a comedy and starts burrowing into a convoluted but uninteresting financial scandal involving an evil capitalist played by Steve Coogan .
McKay -LRB- mostly -RRB- pulls off something kind of fascinating here : He 's made a huge comedy that ruthlessly rips on corporate corruption through a lens of absurdist gags ...
For the most part , the jokes have punch lines , which is too rarely the case in big-budget comedies .
This is a startling late-summer surprise that 's hysterically funny when it 's not falling on its face .
A sometimes brilliant takedown of modern American culture with a populist bent that would make Frank Capra proud .
That rare thing , a goofball summer buddy comedy that actually delivers .
Like some silly summer song that ca n't be shaken from the mind , this is a catchy enterprise , no better than it tries to be and no less funny .
Dead horse , meet floggers .
If you liked Anchorman as much I did , you will love The Other Guys . Ferrell is back ! You will want to go out and the classic TLC album after the movie ends .
A summer movie that honors summer-movie conventions with a vengeance .
A hit-and-miss parody of mismatched-buddy cop films , which is not that easy , given how that grizzled genre has pretty much ossified into parody all by itself .
When it works , it 's rip-roaringly hilarious . When it does n't it 's deader than the cinematic category it 's parodying .
The plot does n't always hold water and it has a tendency to ramble , but they do n't seem to care . And honestly , neither should you .
This is n't the greatest cinematic sin of the year -LRB- or week -RRB- . And in the end , it beats another `` Lethal Weapon '' .
The ads make The Other Guys look like a spoof of buddy-cop movies , which is not exactly correct . But whatever it is , it 's funny .
More or less on par with other McKay/Ferrell collaborations , THE OTHER GUYS delivers big laughs , and a surprisingly sharp comedic performance from Mark Wahlberg .
It skewers , barbecues , incinerates and cremates every cop movie cliché you can imagine .
Certain sequences simply work better than others , and `` Guys '' flies when comedy is the focus .
The collaborations between Adam McKay and Will Ferrell which find a way to throw in a little bit of everything and be so consistently funny that the ease in which they do it practically spits in the face of George Bernard Shaw .
It 's a surprise vehicle for Ferrell , his character 's unfashionable spectacles glinting , seemingly with joy , as he discovers some new fact winking at him , embedded in the lit screen of his monitor .
Do we really need another buddy-cop comedy ? While stupefying , the answer is , surprisingly , `` yes . ''
Per usual , Ferrell unleashed is a force of nature , a guy who is not going to quit until you either walk out or break down and laugh . Me ? I laughed .
I 'm pretty much ready to declare it will sweep the Oscars , cure cancer and repeal Arizona 's SB 1070 .
What would have been very funny for 15 minutes , and pretty funny for 45 , does n't maintain the standard over the course of a feature-length film .
Often silly , but very , very funny and well-cast . Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg have terrific chemistry and impeccable comic timing . It 's one of the best buddy flicks since Rush Hour .
The Other Guys boasts perhaps three legitimately funny sequences in all its belabored 107 minutes .
Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg milk dry their default movie personas , but it 's all part of the joke -- and what a great joke it is .
There 's just a bit too much formula and not quite enough insane-asylum lunacy .
I just did n't think that there were quite enough of them , and although the effort is a good one The Other Guys in my opinion remains a law and order police department parody that does n't quite make the grade .
The Other Guys is the second buddy police comedy to come out this year . But unlike the highly anticipated but roundly dismissed Kevin Smith outing , Cop Out , The Other Guys is actually , well , funny .
The Other Guys takes out its gun and shoots a lot . Most of the time , the jokes are on target , and the few stray punch lines can be forgiven - even the splintering groaners misfired from Will Ferrell 's wooden gun .
The film 's style of humor , which careens from absurdism to slapstick to satire , pushes all my buttons . It makes me laugh . A lot .
Ferrell and McKay hang several dozen gags -- both recurring and throwaway bits -- that give the film an energy and a comic zip lacking in the genre lately and in movie comedies , in general , this year . -LRB- Parental Review also Available -RRB-
When The Other Guys focuses on the banter between Ferrell and Wahlberg its shortcomings are n't as noticeable and the laughs come easy and often .
Easily the best comedy of the year ...
Overplotted and longwinded , the picture starts strong but steadily wears out its welcome .
The only truly funny moments are the closing credits . We get a completely serious financial animated lecture about how monopolies hurt the economy . Keep that in mind when this Sony movie comes to Blu-ray , a technology that Sony owns the patent on .
This is that rarest of comedies -- inspired by a delirious , surreal , randomness , all delivered with sincere conviction and all the funnier for it .
Highbrow , lowbrow and no-brow , inspired by improvisation yet connected to the structure of a plot and the traditions of a genre , `` The Other Guys '' is that rare modern comedy as smart as it is crazy , and as skillful as it is silly .
-LSB- The -RSB- matching-up of Ferrell and Wahlberg is inspired .
As a send-up of the buddy-cop action/comedy , it 's serviceable , but it 's no Hot Fuzz .
Definitely funnier than other spoofs of the buddy-cop genre , but it 's still a very mixed bag .
Do the jokes pay off ? Mostly , yes , despite the movie 's occasional sluggishness . McKay and Chris Henchy 's script , aided by Ferrell 's flights of inspired absurdity , works best when it takes the genre 's best-known clichés and stands them on their head .
Adam McKay likes his comedies goofy and overloaded . This is no Anchorman or Talladega Nights , but there are good low-rent laughs thanks to Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg .
disjointed and inconsistent
When the tangents are this funny , you eventually start looking forward to the next one .
What seems like another desperate adventure in stunt casting turns out to be a combustible comic bounty .
Gloms together enough clever riffs and random funny business to overcome the inevitable lumpiness and dead ends .
Funny this movie is , revolutionary it is n't .
An uninspired spoof of cop-buddy movies , `` The Other Guys '' manages to mention Kim Kardashian and Snooki in its first two minutes and features shaky-cam-shot chase and shootout sequences in which nothing is at stake ...
The result is worth seeing anyway for the sparks created by Ferrell 's buttoned-down nerd bouncing off Wahlberg 's alpha male cartoon .
The humor tends to be a little off-kilter at times , but more often than not , it 's the constant squabbling between Ferrell and Wahlberg that scores most of the laughs .
At any moment , the movie will press its own pause button , abandon the plot and take off on some deranged comic tangent .
The jokes begin to repeat themselves , and the plot becomes mired in unintelligible details of the white-collar crime that Gamble and Hoitz are investigating .
There are as many hits as there are misses , thanks to the dedication of both leads .
As with the war-film goof Tropic Thunder , you wonder if a smaller , scruffier-looking version of the same movie would have yielded bigger comic payoffs .
By far the funnier of the summer 's two comedies featuring an accountant ...
The humor in this big budget action-comedy is a lot like one of its many chase scenes : the jokes fly like bullets , some hit the target and some do n't , but in the end they get the job done .
Wears its good-natured silliness like a merit badge and delivers a buddy cop movie that 's funnier way more often than it is n't .
The other -LRB- better -RRB- Cop Out .
Features the original song ` Pimps Do n't Cry , ' The first clear Oscar front runner of the year .
How can a movie that can be so very funny also be so very boring ?
Does n't have enough comedic energy to sustain its nearly two-hour narrative .
Do n't let anyone spoil the wildly hilarious surprises . Ferrell and Wahlberg will double your fun . Guaranteed .
It 's a comedy of manhood for the age of emasculation .
Covering the action basics the Michael Bays of the industry have turned into dreary formula , Guys has enough on its plate to sustain the jokes and noogies , offering plenty of laughs , but little panache in the editorial department .
The boys in blue buffoonery just keeps on coming . Director McKay , what have you been smoking . And when the laughs are so rich , when it comes to chaotic plot points , who 's keeping score .
It 's sneaky and smartly funny , offering an almost perfect balance of action and comedy .
Will Ferrell returns to form and Mark Wahlberg does his funniest work since ` The Happening ' in this riotous buddy comedy .
You should really meet and get to know these guys for yourself .
Smart , funny send-up of buddy-cop movies wields wit and satire even while cars crash , storefronts explode , and Will Farrell and Mark Wahlberg exchange jibes as eager police partners pursuing big prey .
Just the facts , ma'ams and sirs : The Other Guys is this summer 's funniest movie , which is as refreshing as air conditioning , after a barren stretch for comedies starring real people . Not that The Other Guys is n't a cartoon all its own .
Adam McKay merely puts his big-studio budget on screen by embracing the car chases and slow-mo shootouts he should be mocking or , better yet , ignoring altogether .
May not resonate as soundly as Step Brothers or be as quotable as Anchorman , but it 's certainly another one chalked up in the ` win ' column for Ferrell and McKay .
May not resonate as soundly as Step Brothers or be as quotable as Anchorman , but it 's certainly another one chalked up in the ` win ' column for Ferrell and McKay .
The Other Guys is a Ponzi scheme of a comedy , a buddy action picture cluttered with funny characters and hilarious moments .
Gives Wahlberg and Ferrell beautiful opportunities to turn their anger-mismanagement-meets-milquetoast act into an absurdist version of Abbott and Costello .
The Other Guys has the best Little River Band joke in the history of cinema .
The website Ferrell and McKay created is called Funny or Die ; I suppose this entry would avoid a death sentence , but just barely .
`` The Other Guys '' will not teach you anything . It will not better you as a human being . What it will do is make you laugh very , very hard for just shy of two hours .
Somebody did n't pack enough comedy for this long trip -- the punchlines in the movie 's second half are often callbacks to jokes you may not fondly remember from the first , until every gag is united with its mate .
This likeable romp through cop-movie conventions is sporadically funny , although director Adam McKay has n't fully capitalized on a fertile comedic conceit .
The laughs ultimately take a backseat to a convoluted white-collar crime story .
Just when it seemed like the once-robust buddy-cop action-comedy was going to require a do-not-resuscitate order , along comes Will Ferrell and Adam McKay to show 'em how it 's done .



@highlight

A clever parody of cop-buddy action-comedies , The Other Guys delivers several impressive action set pieces and lots of big laughs , thanks to the assured comic chemistry between Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg .