Nicholas Hoult and Kristen Stewart are INSANELY BEAUTIFUL . You could watch this on mute and just be struck by the visuals , even if Doremus 's hand-held camerawork does n't make a ton of sense-at least he shows his stars off to advantage .
-LSB- Drake -RSB- Doremus falls into a shallow version of Sofia Coppola 's impressionism , along with some tics from the Wong Kar-wai repertoire , and a full stream of Sundance-infused sensibility , resulting in an alarming lack of aesthetic interest or emotional drive
Equals strictly adheres to a mood of oppressive sterility that threatens to squeeze the life out of the film .
Avoiding the usual histrionics , Equals invites calm , thoughtful contemplation .
The only emotion the film allows us to feel is boredom .
Equals boasts -RSB- stunning cinematography , futuristic effects , and an impossibly controlled narrative .
Equals is a film that you will enjoy , it will not transcend but it 's not as bad as many critics said . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The feature 's boilerplate nature almost feels fitting .
A sci-fi film that , although it does n't manage to be fully convincing , can be a good alternative to the great blockbusters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
If you ever wondered what might happen if hipsters were in charge of a future dystopia then Drake Doremus ' derivative Equals has the answer .
To his credit , Doremus is a subtle director , who prefers exploring human feeling to mechanical action .
A bromidic cautionary tale scavenged from the frozen ashes of the Cold War . It 's message ? Love each other , do n't blow each other up . Well , duh .
Too closely resembles the narcotic world it depicts . Without ever doing anything conspicuously wrong , Equals plays like one big miscalculation ...
Flimsy , futuristic repression is n't much fun ... .
Doremus treats the threadbare story with a turgid solemnity that does neither the script 's pedestrian ideas nor its attractive stars any favors .
Despite some powerful character-driven moments , the deliberately paced result is more pretentious than provocative as it maintains a frustrating emotional distance .
A pretty picture aided by Kristen Stewart is n't nothing , but it 's not enough to make a quality film .
There 's value in simplicity , and there 's much that is expressed between Stewart and Hoult without having to say a single word .
You admire the look and the performances , and some interesting ideas are presented , but everything feels muted and predictable and lacking in spark .
As stiff and rigid as two equals signs , `` Equals '' is a bland sci-fi romance that is as dull as its scrubbed-clean visual aesthetic .
While the intentions are genuine and the performances excellent , the narrative 's central failing is the stoic premise .
-LSB- Kirsten Stewart 's -RSB- one of the most interesting actresses working today , and is worth seeking out , even on VOD .
The DVD box should warn prospective buyers that its contents could cause drowsiness .
Doremus and screenwriter Nathan Parker ... borrow from `` Romeo and Juliet , '' `` 1984 '' and every sci-fi flick ever made about a society that suppresses feelings . The movie 's futurism is nothing new .
A promising cast is hamstrung by its emotionless premise .
-LSB- Director Doremus -RSB- has plenty of room to play with Nathan `` Moon '' Parker 's sparse script , but he keeps such tight control on the characters that after SOS strikes , their movie remains indifferently blah and unmercifully humorless .
The final resolution of the plot is actually rather intriguing , but the journey to it is so slow and predictable that most moviegoers will have long since lost interest .
Dystopian romance ponders love ; some passionate scenes .
... the lack of real tension and danger made me , at the half way mark , just want it to wrap up .
Everyone in the society lives by strict rules , no one steps out of line , and excess creativity is frowned upon . It 's a pity the film lives up to its fictional manifesto so well .
Everything is antiseptic white , from the Brave New World wardrobe to the sleek , boutique-style architecture . It all feels like living in an iPhone , surrounded by people who are not much more engaging than Siri .
It 's to -LSB- Stewart 's -RSB- credit that Equals ends up being as watchable as it is . It 's too bad the film ca n't quite live up to her endlessly compelling countenance .
Imagining a society drained of emotions , Drake Doremus might just have taken it too far and erased any authentic feelings from his film .
This is a heartfelt film , often brilliantly directed , but quite thin in terms of vision .
By the time it reaches its abrupt ending , the only emotion audiences might be left with is boredom .
This is a visually interesting meditation on human emotion , and it 's too bad there is n't quite enough story to go around .
A dystopian sci-fi snooze that suffers from imagination deficit disorder .
Doremus ca n't quite make the emotional breakthroughs rewarding enough to justify the slow buildup , but the icy beauty of the film makes it worth watching .
Its own conceit works stubbornly against it : When two would-be lovers are required to behave like automatons every waking moment , it 's not easy to stop being boring when no one is looking .
`` Equals '' walls itself off from the suspense implicit in its scenario - it 's practically an anti-thriller - and barely flickers to life as a tale of forbidden desire .
Equals could be Kristen Stewart 's least persuasive performance to date -- and remember , she 's played a soldier at Guantanamo and a girl who dates a vampire .
It 's all a little slow and stoic and familiar , but we thaw whenever Hoult scoops Stewart into his arms for a puppyish hug .
We 've been down this cinematic road before and Equals does n't offer anything particularly new or edifying .
Fanciful ? Sure . Familiar ? You bet . But Stewart and Hoult are both quietly devastating . Doremus is onto something about possibility in a future world gone cold from insisting that things ca n't change .
In the end , `` Equals '' does n't even have the courage of its science fiction convictions , but Stewart and Hoult make the romance work .
Stewart 's twitchiness and utter sincerity both come in handy here , as she and Hoult generate a youthful electricity .
Gorgeously styled and impeccably shot , but the movie rarely transcends symbolism ...
Doremus ca n't shake his habits , once again returning to burning passions photographed in extreme , jittery close-up while a feeble sense of tragedy brews in the background .
The result is an increasingly humourless bit of time travel that does n't take enough interest , let alone pleasure , in its own reality .
Ambiguity allows `` Equals '' to back away from its assertions , and with a compelling premise but no message , the film disappointingly says nothing at all .
All told , Equals is a feast for the eye that leaves you with a troubling contemplation of the future .
A painfully inert sci-fi romance that commits the gravest possible sin of modern cinema : It -LRB- almost -RRB- wastes Kristen Stewart .
Despite its pedigree , `` Equals '' is definitely less .
We keep waiting for the love story to go somewhere , for the characters ' burgeoning awareness of their repression to result in ... something . Anything , really .
It 's not the first time someone 's ripped off George Orwell , but it is the first one to have this many feels .
Overly simplistic sci-fi evoking better works like `` Gattaca , '' `` 1984 , '' and `` Code 46 . ''
Extremely stylish , if rather bland .
The strength of the acting goes some way in fixing major weaknesses with the plot 's thriller elements , when the two protagonists predictably have to go rogue .
The film all comes down , simplistically and repeatedly , to `` feelings make us feel alive . ''
Subtext is everything here , especially when so much is at stake . Doremus forces us to think about what it means to live , love , and be human .
The film ultimately finds its stride when it gets its leads together and zooms in on the intensity and desperation of their attraction .
Equals is composed of small , sensual moments which build to a climax that feels both gut-wrenching and potently universal , like an old torch song to which you already know all the words .
Through Stewart and Hoult 's powerful performances and Doremus ' delicate direction , Equals speaks to human relationships in a way that 's intimately familiar , romantic , and , yes , emotionally gut-punching .
Not really lacking in emotions -- quite the opposite if anything -- but it is , quite frankly , a bit dull as it plays out in a near constant melodramatic key .
Equals is , by and large , an absolutely disastrous young-adult knockoff that builds to an action-packed yet wholly uninvolving finish ...
Incredible chemistry between Kristen Stewart and Nicholas Hoult in this uncommonly affecting sci-fi drama . A throwback to cerebral genre work like THX-1138 .
The film is low-key and does n't overplay its drama . There is a pureness to this generic and lively love story .
Equals may lack for inspired construction and razor-sharp plotting , but achieves moments of tactile sensuality that are rare for its genre .
Equals and its recycled dystopian ideas may feel like nothing new , but that 's not a problem for the romance at its center , as old-fashioned as Romeo and Juliet and nearly as satisfying .
This is a movie that really nails the seemingly oxymoronic phrase `` profoundly dumb . ''
This is one erotic movie , which in today 's romanceless Hollywood , is quite the accomplishment .
-LSB- A -RSB- stylish if simplistic sci-fi romance .
Uneven and dull , Stewart and Hoult are faint points of lights in this dire dystopian sci-fi .
The film has so little to say about forbidden love , and gives its stars so little dramatic sinew to flex , that it already feels like a footnote in the genre .
Feels cobbled together from George Orwell , `` THX-1138 , '' `` The Giver , '' perfume commercials and the Apple Store . Heck , before this thing 's over , Parker even steals one of Shakespeare 's better-known end-of-Act-II plot twists .
The real wonder and marvel and breathless mystery of `` Equals '' may be that something so dazzlingly white can be so very dull .
Equals resembles George Lucas 's classic fable of white-suit futurism THX 1138 as if reshot as a perfume commercial : Oppression , by Calvin Klein .
The future looks pretty but dull .
A science-fiction love story set in a world that is visually sheened to evocative perfection - but in which the central premise is creakingly old hat .

@highlight

Equals is a treat for the eyes , but its futuristic aesthetic is n't enough to make up for its plodding pace and aimlessly derivative story .