There 's no denying The Iceman features an eye-catching performance from Michael Shannon ... or that director Ariel Vromen imparts a confident style , but we have seen this true-life sort of thing many times before .
Once again , Michael Shannon proves he 's one of the most underrated actors in Hollywood with a performance so spellbinding you wo n't be able to take your eyes off him .
It 's a plum role for any actor and -LSB- Michael -RSB- Shannon 's performance is Oscar-worthy .
A low-rent movie with an expensive cast .
Lack of originality and insipid screenwriting may soon be read as the autopsy of this actively tiresome genre .
It 's as though they were in a rush to get so much killing in that they forgot all of the important elements that would make us care . As a consequence , a fascinating story and character have been flattened and turned into a hurried mess .
` Big bad ' with a side dish of bats -- t crazy is the specialty of Michael Shannon , and so scarily good he is in mining this wheelhouse that one does not dare to complain about him repeating himself .
An exploitation film trapped in the stifling body of a respectable crime drama .
The Iceman rests on the power of one hell of a performance from Shannon , with this monster of an actor playing a monster of a man with frightening intensity .
The killings quickly begin to bleed into one another and it 's sometimes hard to sort out the identities and roles of everyone involved .
Ariel Vromen does n't do so much in terms of the story -LRB- which spans 20 years , with corresponding hair fluctuations -RRB- , but he seems to know his violence , and he 's a true artiste when it comes to the queasy polyester ambience that holds this thing together .
The film is able to capture its period setting , but the script is a collection of generic Mafia dialogue and cliched violent shootouts .
The Iceman is dark and gritty but there 's not enough excitement or tension to really pull you in .
Shannon 's mesmerising performance has a Frankenstein edge to it .
Mistaking leaden atmosphere for gravitas , Vromen turns what could have been a vibrant period drama -LRB- it runs from the 1950s through to Kuklinski 's arrest in 1986 -RRB- into a sludgy ordeal ...
A truly mesmerising turn by Shannon that allows him to cultivate all his ugly thoughts into one brooding menace ...
As a chronicle of one of America 's most infamous criminals , it 's a chilling one . Much of that credit must go to Shannon however , who delivers inspired work sometimes in spite of the mostly conventional feature around him .
Much more involving than the usual hitman thriller , this film takes a deliberately personal approach to its characters that makes it unusually involving .
Both compelling character study and well crafted mob thriller ...
What makes it at all special is Shannon , who 's terrific playing the human being behind the murderer , a man so psychopathic that he does n't realise he 's actually a monster posing as a man .
The Iceman is a welcome adult thriller and its neat period touches will help to transfix many from start to finish .
Unfortunately , the movie runs out of things to say about its monosyllabic hero within a half-hour , after which the killings become repetitive .
The Iceman is like a gangster 's cold locker : all the nutritive items have been taken out to make room for the dead bodies .
Nothing else in Ariel Vromen 's movie is remotely on Shannon 's level , from the plodding , Scorsese-clone script to the needlessly lifeless editing and cinematography .
Suspect barnets aside , there 's not a lot to take away from this by-the-numbers genre piece .
Engaging and enjoyable true-life thriller , enlivened by some impressive production design work , a strong script and superb performances from Michael Shannon and Winona Ryder .
In the end , The Iceman seems like a missed opportunity , as Shannon 's authority as the lead is undeniably tantalising .
Even the always-watchable Shannon ca n't give much life to Kuklinski 's two-dimensional presence : he 's little more than a series of murders and pained looks .
Ultimately The Iceman is n't so much a movie as a treadmill with corpses .
It 's as hard to look away from Shannon 's performance as it is to look directly at it .
Kneel before Shannon . His primal , powerhouse turn drives this criminal biopic .
Kuklinski is thought to have killed over 100 people in the '70s and '80s , and in looking into Shannon 's cold , dead eyes , you wonder if that 's lowballing it .
Person A went to Place B and shot Person C in D Face and that 's all well and good ... but if I 'm going to spend time with someone , I want to know a little bit more .
Fascinating killer does n't generate enough interest
Shannon 's chilling performance keeps the movie 's wheels spinning
Riveting . Michael Shannon nails this one . Rarely does a movie end leaving me wanting more .
Shannon conveys the contract killer 's utter detachment from humanity , providing a mute but menacing presence that wastes few words or emotions .
The main selling point here -- and it 's a considerable one -- is Shannon , who shows new shadings in the role of Kuklinski ...
It is a good character study by Michael Shannon but , in the end , `` The Iceman '' was just not satisfying as a whole .
That The Iceman is a film eminently worth seeing is a tribute to Michael Shannon .
A brooding , neo-noir portrait of a psychopath who balances an apparently normal family life with a career as a cold-blooded hit-man .
-LSB- Shannon -RSB- almost convinces us that the Iceman 's humanity was real .
Nobody would think to call The Iceman a romanticized version of anything , but when compared to the real-life story of Richard Kuklinski , this excessively brutal film comes off almost as gentle and dreamy-eyed as a Nicholas Sparks adaptation .
As ultra-efficient as its sociopathic subject , The Iceman knows exactly when to pull the trigger .
Shannon gets at his character 's pent-up torment as well as his efficient disconnect . When his two worlds start to converge -- on his daughter 's sweet 16th birthday , no less -- you feel for him .
There is an enormous amount of effort put into this film which at its end just seems like noise , wind , and dust .
A world-class , no-frills crime yarn .
Getting to see Shannon boogie to Blondie is enough to warrant a stay of execution .
The Iceman delivers a discernible chill in depicting the double life of a man who committed cold-blooded murder by day and served as a warm-hearted family guy by night .
A true-crime thriller directed with grit , gristle and punchy energy by Ariel Vromen , The Iceman is never less than fascinating , even if things get a little ham-fisted here and there .
As the body count mounts , the movie begins to spin out of control , but Shannon and Vromen do n't let it derail . Their focus keep things from melting down .
Michael Shannon is an overpowering actor , and in The Iceman , the best that he can do is wrestle the movie around him to a stalemate .
Shannon 's chilling performance paints such an uncompromising portrait of Kuklinski that the movie 's confused attitude toward the character is even more confounding .
It 's not a feature that lingers after it concludes , but considering the cliches available to the production , it shows some taste when it comes to goombah happenings .
Shannon 's approach to Kuklinski as a total brick wall -- refusing to give anything back to his co-stars -- is a fascinating performance choice , but even that ca n't juice up this dull slog through Mob-movie clichés .
Michael Shannon has a valid claim on the title of the most interesting actor now working in American films , a judgment that is supported by his performance as Richard Kuklinski in the gangster film The Iceman .
Though the performances are stellar , especially Shannon , who is particularly chilling , I found `` The Iceman '' less than compelling .
This is not a pretty film to watch , but Shannon 's devastating turn is well worth it .
It 's a fascinating subject - the beast that lurks inside the family man - but the movie blows it .
The performances are not helped much by the script or the movie 's muddy palette , which gives everything the look and sound of a '70s movie of the week .
It 's often mesmerizing , primarily for Shannon 's performance as a man who 's a master of compartmentalizing ...
It 's as if one of the sideline characters from `` Goodfellas '' or `` The Godfather '' starred in his own spinoff .
As both violent drama and character study , Israeli director Ariel Vromen 's film does everything it should .
A smart , subtle addition to the gangster genre .
This biopic sounds like a perfect vehicle for Shannon , who 's come to specialize in playing psychopaths , but it does n't give him much to work with .
Why would anyone want to watch something so determinedly downbeat , so unerringly serious ? Because of the performances , Shannon 's in particular .
A movie that does n't work as well as you might think it should .
The script ... offers few insights into Kuklinski 's psychic makeup or motivations and even less reason to care about them .
While Hollywood keeps coughing up comedies and thrillers about sympathetic hitmen , the true story dramatized in `` The Iceman '' should bury those noxious fantasies forever .
A misguided , clichéd hitman flick that careens tonally and does n't really justify its existence . It does n't work as thriller or as drama , serving as little more than a performance piece for its talented star .
It 's probably a superfeat that Shannon pulls a coherent performance out of the contradictions -LRB- and scene-to-scene changes in wardrobe and hairstyle -RRB- handed to him by the character and filmmakers .
Few actors do the menacing stare like Shannon .
Just when you think you 've seen enough of these wiseguys , along comes a story like Kuklinski 's , and an actor like Shannon .
Sordid story glorifying an intensely ferocious , unrepentant , despicable man .
Shannon , who bears no likeness to the real Kuklinski , convinces as a serial killer who can don the face of a family man one minute and butcher bodies the next .
Despite the film 's flaws , it 's Shannon 's take on Richard Kuklinski 's duality -- as a brutal , amoral killer who insists on sending his two girls to Catholic school -- that 's most fascinating to watch .
While most of the movie feels rather ordinary , the tried-and-true biopic formula does usually allow for at least one great performance , and we get that from Shannon in the lead role .
Like a stiff mixed drink that does n't live up to the quality of its ingredients , The Iceman proves to be an unpalatable , underwhelming crime drama .
The Iceman offers a chronological view into the life of its title protagonist ... and what a life it is .
The film is at its best when it navigates the contradiction at the heart of this man , generating interest and tension as it parallels his home life with his profession .
Imperfect perhaps , but ultimately undeniable .
The script is so straight-ahead , and Shannon 's performance is so forceful , that The Iceman does n't offer any real insight into this monster , but if you just want to glimpse a character capable of genuine evil , it 's effectively chilling .
Michael Shannon 's clenched jaw finds its ideal role in Ariel Vromen 's taut hit-man saga `` The Iceman . ''
There 's not much style here , beyond the uniformly good acting , and even less of a point .
It 's never a painful watch , more of a faintly dull , seen-it-all-before one . If nothing else , it 's evidence that these days , being based on a true story is n't enough to elevate a film in a well-worn genre ahead of the pack .
The film is well made and holds interest , but I deplore the delicate treatment and the shading of truth of this despicable beast . Watching Vroman 's take , one almost feels sympathy for him .
`` The Iceman 's '' problem rests instead with the script , which the director wrote with Morgan Land , his collaborator on the `` Rx '' screenplay . It never gets underneath Kuklinski 's skin in a way that illuminates the psychosis .
Michael Shannon 's mesmerizing portrayal of Richard Kuklinski , a notorious contract killer , has the paradoxical quality , peculiar to many great screen performances , of being unreadable and transparent .
Shannon inhabits this character so completely that by the end of this hard-to-watch , hard-to-look-away-from movie you feel you can , if not understand Richie , at least wish he had found some redemption in life .
Shannon is brilliantly unnerving as he callously dispenses with people , then returns home to maintain his façade of a loving husband and father .
Michael Shannon moves through `` The Iceman '' like a shark .
-LSB- A -RSB- n oft-told tale , though one that does come alive in a few places that make it worth a look . The always electrifying Michael Shannon ... enjoys what may be the fullest expression of his smoldering onscreen rage yet .
Vromen 's period detail-slathered film -LRB- read : much unfortunate facial hair -RRB- exhausts itself trying to jam in as many cliches as possible .
Shannon could be looking at an Oscar nomination . His performance is that stone-cold good .
A sketchy , flatly directed biopic based on one of the most compelling true crime stories out of New Jersey ...
Alternating scenes of the psycho-as-family-man with an increasingly grisly and desperate series of hits , it makes for a surprisingly monotonous sit for a movie that also features a killer named Mr. Freezy .
With his chiseled-from-granite brow and harrowing , coiled-spring intensity , Michael Shannon is one of those actors who can make just about any movie interesting . And he has his work cut out for him in The Iceman ...
The Iceman is a tense dramatic thriller presenting a grim - yet seemingly more picturesque - portrayal of a cold and calculated killer , a role that is tailor made for the ferociously intense Michael Shannon .
Michael Shannon is so fascinating that I was honestly rooting for him to survive . The point of The Iceman is `` Even monsters are human , '' but it takes a great actor to make a dubious theme convincing .
A powerful blend of grit and finesse . . a gripping crime story . . a psychopathic killer played with unlikely restraint by the most surprising actor around , Michael Shannon .
This is a wise-guy opera with barely one memorable aria .
Shannon gives an unnerving performance as a man caged in a cruel apathy , maintaining a controlled façade that seems to twitch with barely sublimated distress .
The best straight-up , down low and dirty mob picture since `` Goodfellas . ''
A grim , gripping , brooding and impressively performed film with a wonderful sense of time and location .
A finely chiseled thriller that reflects the cold-blooded efficiency of its murderous subject in every frame and detai
Harsh , gritty-and increasingly grisly-this true-crime story dramatizes the life and bloody career of contract killer Richard Kuklinski : just another suburban dad who never brought his work home .
Michael Shannon has no interior to play with , since the film seems intent on ridding Richie of any emotion other than love for his family , and also no catharsis to build toward .
With so many substantial performances under his belt , it 's not accurate to tern Michael Shannon 's exemplary work here as a `` breakthrough performance . '' It is nonetheless Oscar-worthy .
Even though we all knew Michael Shannon would be perfect as Richard Kuklinski , he still manages to mesmerize audiences like we 're discovering his unparalleled acting chops all over again .
-LSB- Michael Shannon -RSB- is every bit as good as Robert De Niro or Harvey Keitel back in the day .
As satisfying as it is on a number of levels , The Iceman 's failure to shine enough light on Kuklinski 's psyche prevents it from possibly achieving the greatness it aspires to .
Lack of originality and insipid screenwriting will soon read as the autopsy of this actively tiresome genre .
This is Shannon 's movie and underlines his status as arguably the most exciting US screen actor since Pacino and De Niro were in their heyday .
The redoubtable Michael Shannon leads a superb cast in Ariel Vromen 's compelling portrait of New Jersey career criminal Richard Kuklinski .
The central story is excellent , and Michael Shannon gives a praise-worthy performance .
... a fairly standard biopic that 's ultimately elevated by Ariel Vromen 's stylish direction and a typically riveting performance from Michael Shannon ...
Shannon is ferocious - one of the great criminal portrayals .
The Iceman proves that a movie can not get by on Michael Shannon 's dark charisma alone
A nagging question looms over the entire endeavor : Do you care ?
A drab , remedial gangster film .
Michael Shannon embodies Kuklinski down to the bone : there are shades of Paul Muni 's Scarface in his lighter moments , although for most of the film he looks as if his face might have been hewn from granite .
Unaided by a very literate screenplay , Shannon has to do all his own work . It 's a tribute to him that he does it so well .
Watchable and well-crafted though this film is , you have to wonder if Vroman 's next one is going to be about the lavatorial needs of bears or the religious convictions of the pope .

@highlight

While it deserved stronger direction and a more fully realized script , Michael Shannon 's riveting performance in the title role is more than enough to make The Iceman recommended viewing .