Jane Got a Gun successfully operates as a Western with its own flourishes of home-invasion plot threading and a unique role reversal take on the genre regarding gender
The personal relationships are pleasingly complex , characters you start off loathing you end up liking , and , of course , there 's a terrific shootout in the end .
Jane Got a Gun is a textbook-standard Western and nothing more .
This is a good addition to the female-centric movies we have seen of late . Here 's hoping there will be more to come .
If Jane Got a Gun had been interested in giving its main character any power of her own , instead of acquiring a weapon , she might have gotten the heck out of Dodge and joined Furiosa and Rey for a party out in the desert .
Jane Got a Gun just leaves you wondering , Why is n't it better ? And perhaps , even , ever so slightly grateful that it is n't worse .
Though I still have faith in modern Westerns as a whole , I realize that Jane Got a Gun is one of many that will likely be forgotten in time .
This is n't a terrible movie ; it certainly is n't the train wreck bomb of a release I 've heard it described as . It just is n't anything great or especially engaging worth recommending .
Dusting itself off from a nightmare production , this western finally arrives to shoot , for the most part , straight and true . It certainly ai n't no calamity Jane .
Jane lacks a strong vision , doing justice to neither the camp potential of its title nor the sophistication of its structure . She 's got a gun , all right , but it 's shooting blanks .
Finds a rather cunning way to make a brutishly straightforward scenario seem profoundly muddled .
Jane Got A Gun has the promise of a strong female leading Western ; the by the numbers end result does n't even barely eclipse the central trio 's last time on screen .
What is here is enjoyable if taken on its own terms , much of Jane Got a Gun playing out with a 1940s or '50s Hollywood élan I found more than satisfying .
A rare misfire within Gavin O'Connor 's otherwise solid body of work ...
It is hard to know what kind of audience this film was made for .
The slow-burn build-up to a final showdown is , of course , a standard Western narrative device , but director Gavin O'Connor repeatedly defuses tension by cutting away to convoluted flashbacks revealing the characters ' emotionally tangled backstories .
Jane Got A Gun , even with it 's great moments , is n't more than a discrete , rushed and even cowardly western . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jane Got a Gun is visually stunning . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Jane Got A Gun never really gives any depth to any of it 's characters . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The performances the main cast delivers are what stands out most of this film . Portman is believable , Joel Edgerton is not that charismatic and Ewan McGregor is an interesting villain . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Despite its impeccable cast and a promising vengeful concept , Jane Got a Gun will have you begging to be taken to greener pastures long before its 98-minute duration concludes .
That the film even got made and is reasonably competent should be seen as a victory in itself .
This Jane is packing heat , but the film 's love triangle is ice cold .
With its grindingly low-key tension and unusual perspectives , this Western has a chance to revamp the genre in intriguing ways .
The film itself just is n't very engaging , in part because Portman is so frustratingly passive for much of it .
Is it possible that Natalie Portman ca n't act ?
No great passion is being conjured up on screen , just an exhausted sense of relief that things might not be as bad as all that . Which is what you might say for the film as a whole after all its troubles .
It is enjoyable but no great classic .
There 's hardly a scene you watch without wondering , and doubting , if Ramsay would have done it quite this way .
It 's all perfectly passable , but rather perfunctory ...
This was a troubled production . Scottish director Lynne Ramsay quit days before shooting began and there were late changes made to the cast . In certain respects , the replacement director Gavin O'Connor has done an impressive job .
A gritty woman 's perspective on tropes of the western genre , a lean action drama that is sparse yet sympathetic , and laconic but simmers with deep emotion .
Not just confusing , predictable and mis-sold as a feminist film , the calamity that is Jane Got A Gun is hobbled by the dullest of plots .
The female lead gives it fire power , but Jane Got a Gun is far from a crack shot .
Uncomplicated but unremarkable , Jane wo n't blow anyone away .
It 's not a really poor film , just a really uninteresting one .
A very moderate adventure .
O'Connor once again proves that he can mine femininity just as effectively as he explored masculinity in Pride and Glory -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and Warrior -LRB- 2011 -RRB- .
Jane Got a Gun is being sold as a rousing feminist Western although the truth is that it 's about as rousing and feminist as my cat , Daphne , who is 17 , and now barely moves .
A certain casualty of the ever-changing vision for this movie , is the lack of a palpable tone and identity , but thankfully there 's a certain allure that ensures the viewer remains engaged .
A lean and gritty western .
Feels as though everyone involved forced themselves to grit their teeth and get on with it .
If Jane Got a Gun is not the rousing feminist western we 've been waiting for , it is a pony trek in the right direction .
The movie is full of great ideas and even has some strange visual poetry moments , specially when Portman and Edgerton share the screen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Natalie Portman propels this revisionist , female-centric Western that one wishes were better ...
This Western does n't have anything terribly wrong with it -- terrific cast , fine story and acting , appealing scenery -- but somehow it just never sparks to life .
A fleet , nasty western that feels uncompromising in its violence .
A solid Western has ridden into town ... and if you like gritty films about this era , you 'll want to make its acquaintance .
The story unfolds in a choppy flashback structure that robs the story of any momentum , there 's never a strong emotional connection to the characters and each clumsy plot dump contradicts the previous clumsy plot dump .
The film is less a blend of genres than one big mess .
... Jane just comes off as a stereotypical background female character that somehow managed to find her way into the spotlight .
You have to feel a certain sympathy for a project as cursed as this one , but there 's no denying that Jane 's gun barely grazes its target .
O'Connor 's movie is too sentimental and self-serious to add much of note to the mythos , but Portman embodies her character 's grief no less movingly than her forebears .
Jane Got a Gun is a serviceable , by-the-numbers western . I 'm glad it survived the many obstacles of its production , but I 'm not sure why the cast and crew fought so hard to save this rather safe , conventional movie .
Natalie Portman delivers the goods in this raw and gritty western .
Bogged down by a somber tone that makes its slight story feel interminable .
... a handsomely mounted Western that features a tough-minded heroine but ultimately traverses familiar territory with themes of revenge and betrayal culminating in an obligatory frontier showdown .
Leaden when the lead is n't flying .
A more fitting title might have been Jane Got a Gun , But Did n't Get to Do a Whole Heck of a Lot With it in the End .
As a slight feminist western , JANE is a good movie . Considering we 're in the `` dump month '' of January , a good western genre flick is more than welcome .
It constantly blunders into stylistic choices and narrative clichés that sabotage the sturdy two-hander at its center .
The movie is n't terrible , so it ca n't qualify as a hate-watch . It 's just dull .
a stereopticon of a post-modern morality tale that ca n't overcome its own inertia .
For all its plagues and protracted problems , `` Jane Got A Gun '' is not the calamity many expected . But it is so buckshot-impaired that its wobbly steps falter often and it never gets a head full of steam .
At times , Jane Got A Gun comes perilously close to staying passive-to becoming A Gun Was Gotten By Jane .
As stripped-down , revisionist Westerns go , `` Jane Got A Gun '' may not have reinvented the wagon wheel , but it rolls out as a sturdy , well-crafted genre piece despite its rocky road to the screen .
Whatever feminist angle the film might have once aspired to is lost in its listless shuffle .
A Western with potential for feminist table-turning and old-fashioned violence , `` Jane Got a Gun '' is a major letdown . Despite being co-produced by Portman , the movie sells her character short at nearly every turn .
The Weinstein Company may have unloaded this embattled Western without fanfare , but it should still appeal to genre fans .
This scandal-plagued project overcame the odds to deliver an earnestly felt actioner . ... Thankfully , -LSB- it -RSB- is n't another historically revisionist , grim-dark bleak-a-thon like , say , `` The Revenant '' and `` The Hateful Eight . ''
Jane Got A Gun shows momentary glimpses into low-key excitement , but the movie is too languidly structured and without captivating enough characters to result in the satisfyingly succinct burst of entertainment that its title suggests .
You 'll ultimately have been captivated and entertained enough to conclude that Jane Got A Gun was more bullet than blank .
Jane Got a Gun is a slow fuse of a film that burns to a whimper instead of an explosion .
The problem with the film is that it never quite finds that final spark of inspiration that might have made it worth seeing , let alone producing in the first place , and it is further hampered by some clunkiness in the storytelling department .
Perhaps greatness was never in the cards for the production , but it manages to stand on its own two feet , with a mournful atmosphere that 's nicely handled by the cast and crew , who try to make sense of an impossible creative situation .
What 's on screen is , for the most part , both suspenseful and entertaining if comfortably familiar .
It 's hard not to watch the somber Jane without thinking that this is one of those cases where the making-of could be better - and definitely more fun - than the final product .
This poor little movie fires blanks .
Jane Got a Gun manages to tell a modest - you might say highly inconsequential - yarn that 's not even lightly spiced with ideas , circumspection , interesting characters or basic logic . It 's a film that just ... happens .

@highlight

Jane Got a Gun flounders between campy Western and hard-hitting revisionist take on the genre , leaving Natalie Portman 's committed performance stranded in the dust .