This is the kind of mature , confident and gimmick-free material that rarely makes into cinemas much these days .
What keeps Outside In interesting throughout is the nuanced work of its so very watchable leads - especially Duplass , who spent the first half of his career behind the camera writing , directing , and producing film and TV with his brother Mark .
This film belongs to Shelton and Falco , and it 's great to see two women just so on top of their game , showing everyone how it 's done .
-LSB- Outside In -RSB- is one of Shelton 's strongest films , one in which she explores some darker territory without losing the heart of the matter .
It merely entangles Chris and Carol in unworkable circumstances , which Shelton opens up with a deftly portrayed supporting cast , hardscrabble imagery , and reckonings that mostly emerge from empathy .
Bolstered by the quiet compassion that has always been her strong suit , Shelton has turned in another stunning independent feature that no one who enjoys the quieter side of life should miss .
Falco goes deep in a rare Hollywood grownup love story .
Falco is aces at this kind of performance-though it 's quieter than we 've seen her in a long time-and Duplass , who co-wrote the movie , nearly sags with sadness .
Director Lynn Shelton brings a high empathic bar to Outside In , then dares the audience to clear it .
It 's a completely believable web of conflicting desires among people who lack the language and wherewithal to ask for what they want . But stick with it , and Outside In 's relentless sadness gives way to something more gently hopeful ...
The power of these performances is that you leave thinking that Chris and Carol are out there , somewhere , and you wish them well .
-LSB- Lynn Shelton 's -RSB- actors are always natural and unaffected , but in -LSB- Edie -RSB- Falco and -LSB- Jay -RSB- Duplass , she 's found interpreters who seem to breathe her characters .
While Shelton has made a formidable career directing TV episodes and comedy specials , her personal films are still her most rewarding .
This is an conversation - and character-driven film with an occasional eye for something more ineffable , but Falco and Duplass 's complicated , nakedly searching performances are the main event .
Takes some time to develop that tension into something genuinely dramatic , but Falco 's performance is strong enough to make the film compelling even in its softest moments .
A sensitive and character-driven examination of life on the fringes , providing small yet rewarding narrative surprises instead of settling for cheap emotional payoffs .
Outside In is distinguished from the mass of `` sad person returns to his/her hometown '' movies by virtue of Shelton 's inimitable skill as an actor 's director .
Another one of Shelton 's delightfully untucked meanders into the crossroads of lives , Outside In may be her quietly affecting best yet .
What makes Outside In compelling is n't the way these stories move toward their inevitable conclusions , but in how these characters experience their journeys .
Both Duplass and Dever handle their roles with exceptional sensitivity , but it is Edie Falco who goes through the biggest character growth and transformation .
Quiet , grey and beautifully acted
Shelton has a knack for three-way relationship studies ; she knows exactly how to braid together two characters in a way that comments insightfully on a third .
Often powerful , even if it sometimes takes itself too seriously .
Exploring big questions through small , intimate moments , `` Outside In '' is a love story that prioritizes patience and pragmatism over passion .
What elevates this lovely film above the run of the mill is Falco 's heartbreaking , note-perfect performance .
The quiet , dark tableaux fit the subject matter well , and Falco is reliably strong as a woman in the throes of a moral dilemma .
It 's not always a precise effort , but `` Outside In '' feels complete , with raw feelings to expose and fragile personalities to handle with care .
Shelton 's forte remains live-wire , semi-improvised comedies involving competitive neurotics , at which she 's better than just about anybody else currently working .
-LSB- Jay -RSB- Duplass shows it is never too late to step in front of a camera , and he is touchingly real and relatable throughout .
Lynn Shelton 's film firmly resists supplying its main characters with easy , you-can-have-it-all answers .
Featuring strong acting performances , Outside In is a character study exploring the struggles of a man upon his release from jail .
Shelton 's best-known films are comedy/dramas with an accent on the former ; this one leans more towards drama , which is a bit of a disappointment , since she 's honed such a specific and welcome comic voice . But it 's full of little flashes of truth .
Jay Duplass and Edie Falco anchor the movie with some of the very best performances in both of their careers .
The screenplay plays like a character study of the most obvious .
A love story whose resolution remains tough to predict , Outside In respects all its characters by not pretending their choices are easily made .
This is a life study in which you watch to see whether these people can find their way in the world . You root for them . You care .
Lynn Shelton and Jay Duplass have made careers out of finding the complexities within everyday , ordinary characters , and it 's arguable that pair have never been better than with `` Outside In . ''
A breezy , earnest film about powerful connections and lost time , but it never quite gets off the ground like it should .
Shelton and Duplass lend every significant character a sense of uncontrived evolution , leading to a finale that is stirring precisely for being so tentative and reserved .

@highlight

Brilliantly brought to life by tenderly empathetic performances from Jay Duplass and Edie Falco , Outside In tells a sobering -- yet thoroughly absorbing -- story .