A bad thriller that is too intense for tweens .
`` Godsend '' suffers from a feeble plot , laughable dialogue , and thriller cliches that barely effect the characteristic jolts of the genre .
As anticipated the climax is very abrupt and unresolved , but by then I just did n't care , and was so glad to see this junk come to an end .
It ends up like any mass produced genre piece in which the only thing that is well developed is the film negative .
Occasionally suspenseful but more often ludicrous .
It seems a shame to waste any of these actors on a movie with no higher aspirations than educing a few second-rate chills .
As in most bad thrillers , the number of pointless shocks increases in direct proportion to the drama 's decreasing vitality , like defibrilator paddles jolting a dying man .
The script is long on the Big Issues , but comes up short in compelling dialogue . It needed a couple more drafts .
-LSB- Relies -RSB- on cheap shocks instead of honestly exploring how the parents of a dead child might feel about raising his clone .
An embarrassingly nonsensical misfire .
Robert de Niro - once great actor whose name on a poster now tells anyone interested in good film to run to the hills
This pudgy , obvious DeNiro is definitely not the one I grew up admiring .
A film that was so by-the-numbers that they filmed FIVE -LRB- count 'em -RRB- five different endings .
I had the decency to stay in the theatre for the duration -- the filmmakers could have at least done the same and finished the darned movie .
Some bad horror flicks take a while to reveal their ineptitude , but not so Godsend ; it 's identified as a chunk o ' junk during the opening credits !
Takes potentially interesting material and turns it into sleazy genre trash .
None of it is compelling in the least because it 's readily apparent that all aspects of the plot serve no real function other than to create `` creepy kid '' scenes .
It 's mangled into an Omen-lite disaster area , thanks to a script torn between making a moral point about cloning and cheap shocks .
An expert at the kind of jumpy scares that will make most audiences spend more time in the air than their seats , Hamm turns everyday locations like bathrooms and bedroom closets into sites of terror .
Ultimately it falls apart because of its compulsion to keep the twists coming .
Plagues of locusts and planet-drowning floods are also heaven-sent , and would probably be infinitely more pleasant to sit through .
Uma versão ruim e ` científica ' -LRB- com enormes aspas -RRB- do superior Cemitério Maldito - o que já é o bastante para que você tenha uma idéia da dimensão do desastre .
Godsend 's bulky plot confuses the viewers and weakens the narrative -- and hence the scares .
A pea-brained hodgepodge of The Omen -LRB- 1976 -RRB- , The Sixth Sense -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , and about 30 Grade-Z Bela Lugosi mad-scientist movies .
Questions themselves are much more engaging than the actual answers .
Describing De Niro 's performance in this film as ` lackadaisical ' requires a supreme act of generosity . Calling it ` competent ' might qualify as Christ-like .
Some genuinely jumpy scenes , but it 's so vacuous that it almost does n't register at all .
Never has a fascinating setup for a movie failed so miserably as it does in `` Godsend . ''
Director Nick Hamm exacerbates matters with his proclivity for foreboding images , be it the rising mist in the woods , the caw of a crow , or the dilapidated cabin no one should enter .
I see dead movies , and this is one of them .
Sometimes interesting but always predictable .
Wonderfully crafted , and featuring an enticing premise , Nick Hamm 's film however suffers from a heavy-handed script and an implausible story .
Rather than engage the real dilemmas surrounding this issue , Godsend is content to explain that cloning is dangerous by making the cloned Adam a murderous psychopath .
... Not quite twisted or compelling enough ...
There 's such a thing as suspension of disbelief , yes -- but this crosses over into suspension of intelligence .
A bland story with nothing going for it but a moderately timely premise
Instead of wanting to make us think , and shiver at the ` what if ' potential , it wants us to worry what happens when Mommy goes down into the basement .
Working from the assumption that nobody remembers grade school science , let alone the last 30 years of horror movies , Nick Hamm 's genre mishmash clumsily recasts The Omen as a cautionary tale featuring a human incarnation of Dolly the sheep .
You wonder if De Niro will ever seriously devote himself to acting again or whether he 's going to coast until directors stop casting him .
Unabashed hokum .
The latest in a series of quote-unquote horror flicks that offer much in the way of cheap ` reach out and grab you ' frights and little in terms of originality or genuine scares .
This cloned-kid movie is no entertainment blessing
Awful movie .
Given the credibility of its cast , it 's the worst picture so far this year .
A creepy film about illegal cloning .
... a flaccid frightfest that is all clumsy thumbs ... a murky melodrama of crushingly half-hearted proportions
A young boy scans the movie theater and whispers , ` I see bored people . ' Welcome to Hollywood 's latest attempt to duplicate The Sixth Sense .
An unresurrectable muddle .
... the film often resembles one of those cheesy straight-to-video thrillers which usually feature Eric Roberts and Kelly Rutherford .
It 's not that cloning is bad ; it 's that cloning done by bad people is bad .
though billed as a thriller , -LSB- it -RSB- might better be thought of as a cure for insomnia
Opts to waste its potential in favor of a barrage of cheap jump scares and clumsy plotting .
It 's impossible to imagine the Almighty actually endorsing the kind of shoddy workmanship that has turned ... ` The Bad Seed ' into what ought to be titled ` The Bad Stem Cell . '
Director Nick Hamm settles for substandard horror shocks and endless shots of Bright doing his best `` I see dead people '' look .
Hopelessly predictable , consistently uninteresting and almost entirely worthless .
Godsend is just another creepy kid movie , only the kid 's not that creepy .
A silly if sporadically jolting thriller .
Not just a bad thriller but also a thing of pain .
After a modestly promising set-up , pic devolves into a stale rehash of cliches and conventions left over from dozens of demon-child thrillers .
A dreary slog through haunted-child movie cliches .
The scariest thing about Nick Hamm 's sci-fi thriller Godsend is n't the skulduggery about the origins of a devil child but the terrifying prospect that Robert De Niro has been replaced by an inferior clone .
It 's hard to be frightened when you 're snickering .
Godsend goes nowhere and takes the whole cast with it .
Godsend is one of the collapsing duds that should cause not only critics to despair -- not about bad movies , but that the makers believe any audience deserves this .
Every scare is telegraphed . Every surprise is recycled from a better thriller . Even the devil would send this one back .
-LSB- A -RSB- remarkably uninvolving film .
A stylish variation on the age old science-as-boogeyman thriller .
Soupy , tedious mess .
This is one film that should be stamped , ` Return to sender . '
Lame , leaden and unthrilling .
Next to The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle , this is the worst movie De Niro has ever been in .
Godsend wants desperately to be The Omen , Rosemary 's Baby or even The Bad Seed , but it does n't trust its audience .
A melodrama with a stupid horror climax that makes little or no sense .
By the end , we 're laughing at dialogue that 's supposed to be serious and clucking at behavior that makes no sense .
Save for a few asides about ` moral trespassing ' and a cliche or two about ` opening Pandora 's Box , ' the script is n't interested in that thorny debate .
Will likely be soon forgotten by all who see it , although the scientific controversy it glosses over seems destined someday to anchor a far better film .
A mix of A.I. , The Bad Seed and a dozen other films , Godsend is n't god-awful , but it 's not all that clever either .
A nonsensical and overwrought update of The Bad Seed .
An unsatisfying , overly restrained bore .
Seems less sent by God than hellbent for the remainder bin at your local video store .
The film is all set up with very little payoff .
There 's at least one idea out there for a thoughtful , provocative movie on the subject of human cloning . Unfortunately , Godsend is n't it .
If Godsend were a science experiment , it would go from a potential breakthrough to the trash heap for biohazardous waste .
Godsend certainly leaves future filmmakers room to improve the next copy .
A bad thriller .
A bargain-basement Sixth Sense that got fussy when it realized it could n't deliver a clear , cold dose of terror .
Director Nick Hamm builds up a little atmosphere in the early going , but Mark Bomback 's script undermines him at every turn .
Has the sensitivity of a cactus , the ingenuity of a square wheel , and the integrity of a CEO .
Godsend overflows with missed opportunities , making barely half-assed attempts to explore the great dramatic implications of human duplication .
... could have gone in numerous intriguing directions , and it chooses the worst one of all of them .
The biggest problem is De Niro . He looks bored , and he clearly does n't believe in his character . Maybe this is n't him , but his evil clone .
The only thing that 's a godsend about this movie is when the closing credits finally start rolling .
It pains me to say that this film really is n't all that good .
Instead of engineering something unique , this fright-lite flick clones the cliches of countless thrillers and splices them into a Frankenstein-ian mish-mash .
... a typical horror pic clone .
-LSB- A -RSB- ll the awfulness you 've been expecting spread throughout the film will be crammed into the last 30 minutes in an orgy of bad filmmaking ...
Atmospheric chiller about parenthood and peril has a cool , old-fashioned chill and subtle work from De Niro to help it along .
Have we been suckered into another cloned idea that should have been aborted at the minute of conception ?
A soulless clone .
It seems a shame to waste any of these actors on a movie with no higher aspirations than educing a few second-rate chills .
When it does finally get to where it 's going , it rushes over the edge and into the pit of lunacy .
Opens promisingly and spins its wheels for a while before descending into complete , laughable incoherence .
It is horrible ! Godsend has earned its place next to Gigli , Marci X and Freddie Got Fingered in the movie hall of shame .
A poor man 's Shining , with some lame Sixth Sense and Omen elements thrown in .
The script just does n't do anything interesting with its illegal human cloning theme .
Godsend serves as a warning that just because you can clone another film does n't mean you should .
By the climax the last vestiges of mystery and believability have been so effectively destroyed that there 's no real tension .
Godsend reveals an almost depraved indifference to logic , but it hides its craziness with the aplomb of the expensively medicated .
Godsend squanders the opportunity to provide anything more interesting than warmed-over M. Night Shyamalan .
A lazy , off-key morphing of The Omen and Pet Sematary .
A mishmash of jumpy surprises and creepy portents , with a dash of exposition drivel , some scenery-chewing , and stuff that even in suspending disbelief mode makes no sense .
This psychological thriller about cloning does n't take us into any fresh territory .
The entire movie is pretty much one long , vague proclamation about something bad happening .
You 'd be better off downloading the trailer : a much more convincing piece of storytelling .
Despite a likable cast and atmospheric lensing , this thin concoction of domestic drama and thriller suspense wo n't hold up after the curiosity factor runs its brief course .
Though not an out-and-out bad movie , Godsend is an unforgivably bland one , a thriller without thrills , an exercise in missed opportunities and wasted potential .
So not scary that it 's positively frightening -- and not in a good sense ... Just stamp it as you would a piece of unwanted mail : Return to sender .
Easily the dumbest thriller to be released since last month 's Taking Lives .
A murky thriller .
Sometimes , Godsend manages to scare us in spite of itself ; more often , it 's just laughable .
How could such a high-octane cast produce such low-octane horror ?
Downright scary in some places , Godsend might be more potent if it was n't watered down by religious trope predictability .
A weak psychological thriller .
When bad movies happen to good people . Read on - >
No moving away , no contact with family or past friends : it 's a relocation program for stupids .
... there 's the undeniable fact that there 's just something about kids-gone-wrong in horror movies that works .
From God 's -LRB- rear -RRB- end to our cinema screens plops the latest pile of obsequious Hollywood **** : the aptly and ironically titled Godsend .
So full of ridiculous moments that it 's hard to hold down the laughter .
a series of ludicrous scientific explanations offset by cheap jolts to our nervous system .
Some of the imagery is also pretty cool , until you realize that much of it has been stolen wholesale from The Sixth Sense .
A moment comes when the picture becomes its own parody and resurrection becomes impossible .
We 're just seeing the umpteenth recycled shocker about a mystical dark child with an aura of disaster .
A cheat of the worst kind .
Lacks the psychological terror of parents living with a dangerous kid .
I 'm still waiting for a movie that offers a real story about cloning ; this is n't it .
A bargain basement thriller lacking both thrills and chills .



@highlight

A murky thriller with few chills , Godsend is features ludicrous dialogue , by-the-numbers plotting , and an excess of cheap shocks .