As Nanny McPhee 's hideousness melts slowly away , the film packs a sweet punch , but there is still a spoonful of medicine in amongst the concoctions of clotted cream and acid-coloured icing .
It 's more of a kids ' film than a grown-up 's movie , with a good message at its heart .
The kind of movie that I would have loved to seen as a kid . Magical stuff . I look forward to the sequel . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Nanny McPhee really works ... despite all of its common plots and ideas , because it stays true to storybook conventions that have never and will never get old .
An exquisitely designed fable that will delight adults as well as their offspring through its beguiling innocence and hushed , low-key charm .
Nanny McPhee falls back on the Nickelodeon principle `` If all else fails , hit 'em with a retina-searing overload of visual and aural information . ''
There are many different kinds of children 's movies , and this one tries to be all of them at once -- including one of those in which the children are smarter than the adults .
Often as garish and shrill as it is magical and enchanting .
... Pleasing but ultimately unsatisfying .
Frays in the second half ... Fancy Darcy as a limp romantic lead !
Its redeeming virtues are Thompson , Firth and Kelly Macdonald as Firth 's adoring housemaid ; they manage to give genuine , affecting performances in the midst of all the outlandish , obnoxious goings-on .
Mary Poppins as imagined by Lon Chaney .
Frothy and fun yet deliciously dark ...
I found myself tearing up right on cue , -LRB- Patrick Doyle knows all my buttons -RRB- but sincerely , enjoying the magical tale as much as if I were a small child .
Should play well with the small fry , though adults may be more bothered by the clumsy shifts in tone .
It relies on a good story and interesting characters a lot more than it does on eye candy .
The kids will love the candy-box sets and costumes like confectionery-shop windows , the whimsy and farcical grotesqueness of it all .
The intermittent pleasures -LSB- Nanny McPhee -RSB- affords , provided chiefly by a standout cast in high camp mode , make it a passable destination for a family outing .
Any time Thompson curls that prosthetic snaggletooth over her lower lip and murmurs a nearly inaudible harrumph is a comic moment to be treasured .
Pleasantly diverting .
Think of it Edward Gorey meets Mary Poppins .
... worth it if your kids are enjoying the movie . Otherwise , a little of Nanny McPhee can go a long way .
A spoonful of sugar would be just the start to make this unappetizing family film properly go down ...
Despite the heavy makeup and prosthetics , Emma Thompson shapes a touching and mysterious character . Nanny McPhee is a fine film for the whole family .
The script 's wry humor survives even the hambone directing of Kirk Jones , who amps up the performances and the color scheme to cartoony extremes .
Not Your Father 's Mary Poppins , and all the better for it
Its striking combination of day-glo psychedelic colors and a rich streak of morbidity is enough to keep it afloat most of the time .
... Just the type of fun , thoughtful escapism that should enjoy a long shelf life on DVD . In one of the most dismal cinematic Januarys ever , ` Nanny McPhee ' is a sly little gem .
You ca n't confuse `` Nanny McPhee '' with `` Mary Poppins '' Although `` Nanny '' does bear a resemblance to the original , non-Disney writings of the heroine of P.L. Travers ' beloved books .
Thank you , Nanny McPhee , for restoring my faith in the family movie
Thompson 's script and Jones ' direction get their points across without resorting to the big , manipulative scenes that are typical of family films ; there 's plenty of emotion but never sentimentality .
The saccharine production design and nasty pink-and-red buxom costumes are as fabulous as the full palette of hysterical performances .
Its appeal likely will be for the youngest in the household . All others might wish that this nanny had recalled a bit of Bette Davis ' nanny in 1965 's `` The Nanny . ''
The wildly colorful costumes and the jubilant defiance of the film 's terrorizing tykes simply is not enough for Nanny McPhee to get its hapless house in order .
Emma Thompson as Nanny McPhee has just enough magic to make this movie work .
Chariming , colorful , funny and silly enought that only a grinch would object .
I do n't like movies about bratty children , but ` Nanny McPhee ' won me over completely .
Whimsical Nanny McPhee is the most magical child minder to come along since Mary Poppins .
`` Nanny McPhee '' is an irreverent tale that somehow becomes endearing by making discipline diverting .
Nanny McPhee ? Nanny McPhooey is more like it .
There 's nothing offhand or spontaneous-feeling about Nanny McPhee ; it 's a highly mechanical piece of work , and its potentially delightful details are wasted .
Even those of us not pining nostalgically for Mary Poppins can feel the slump of a long , downward trajectory . Nanny McPhee plops .
In a seemingly blithe way , the movie captures an aspect of child consciousness not usually explored onscreen -- that zone between innocence and knowledge .
Naughty -LRB- and nice -RRB- children of all ages , particularly little girls , should gobble this one up , and rightly so .
Nanny McPhee has its own enduring charm , a mix of witty dialogue , pie-throwing slapstick and eccentric family portrait .
Based on the series of Nurse Matilda stories for young adults written by the late Christianna Brand , this quirky , uncommonly intelligent adaptation is a strange delight .
Lack of visual dazzle , combined with barely sympathetic child characters , keeps the film from enchanting as fully as it might have .
The result is quite wonderful , a funny and affecting family confection . Only time will tell , but it may even be a classic . It 's that good .
Except for a few nice , honest moments that manage to sneak in , watching Nanny McPhee is like being beaten over the head with a toy mallet : harmless , yet awfully irritating .
McPhee is a composite of Margaret Hamilton , Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle and the grunting Karl from Sling Blade .
It 's no Mary Poppins , to be sure . Whatever could be ? But even that magical movie icon would be excessively diverted by Nanny McPhee 's antics .
This bracing adaptation of the Nurse Matilda books by Christianna Brand is the acidic antidote to Mary Poppins sweetness .
As I watched , however , I realized Nanny McPhee was n't a child 's fantasy at all . It was my fantasy .
Nanny McPhee , though it drags a bit in its middle acts , finishes with such gusto that neither you nor your kids will need a spoonful of anything to make this movie medicine go down .
Much like Nanny McPhee herself , the movie is n't pretty , but hiding underneath its gaudy exterior are a few worthwhile lessons , a gleefully morbid sense of humor and , best of all , an actual beating heart .
To those of you who always wanted to refer to Mary Poppins as ` the hot one , ' your hour has come !
Nanny McPhee is n't a bad film , just a disappointing one .
The kiddie komedy of Nanny McPhee shows that Mary Poppins plus Charles Dickens can add up to less than even Cheaper by the Dozen .
Although such elements lend the film an edge most American children 's films would n't dare , Nanny McPhee is actually quite conventional in virtually every other regard .
Working as both a fantasy of wish fulfillment for parents and a raucous , broad live-action cartoon for kids , Nanny McPhee is an above-average family film .
With one tap of her cane , Nanny McPhee will charm children and adults alike .
Do n't expect to leave the theater singing -- Nanny McPhee is n't a musical -- but you 'll be grinning . You may not even care if your snaggletooth is showing .
Kudos to all : This is sophisticated children 's fare .
A howling headache-inducer that features bratty urchins prone to torturing people and a color scheme resplendent with hot-pink bustiers and peeling lime paint .
Thompson 's script is clever and , despite that monstrous makeup , her performance is deliciously balanced by the standards of what is , after all , a children 's fable .
Nanny McPhee offers solid family entertainment in the face of it all . Mary Poppins , eat your heart out .
Nanny McPhee is clever enough , but it never feels like it 's hitting quite the right notes .
This charmless comic fantasy is a major disappointment .
A winning tale of naughty children in need of love and the mysterious governess who comes to their aid .
Everything about Emma Thompson 's Nanny McPhee is pleasant . It 's pleasantly amusing , pleasantly enchanting and just pleasant enough to take the kids to a matinee .
With Yours , Mine and Ours and Cheaper By the Dozen 2 lately cluttering up the multiplexes with teeming masses of onscreen children in search of a better agent , Nanny McPhee arrives as a jolly improvement .
A fugly Mary Poppins meets Nanny 911 in this family comedy whose overly familiar elements still go down easily as if with a spoonful of sugar .
At its most enjoyable the film feels like Roald Dahl 's idea of Mary Poppins -- and on occasion , The Sound of Music .
As far as movies about enchanting nannies go , Mary Poppins is certainly the classic favorite . But the delightfully quirky and heartwarming Nanny McPhee could be a close second .
In fact , this tale is so fun , frothy and frivolously fabulous I 'm sure I have n't stopped smiling ever since I got out of the press screening over two weeks ago .
For a movie that aspires to capture the magic of a classic fairy tale , Nanny McPhee has all the warmth and charm of the assembly instructions for an Ikea bookshelf .
If some of the movie 's effects are distractingly shoddy -LRB- see : the unconvincing dancing donkey -RRB- , Thompson is rather divine .
Wow ! What a delightful , colorful , magical little gem of a movie .
The only group of people that might not fully enjoy ` Nanny McPhee ' is dentists who may shudder at the sight of the title character 's one elongated tooth . For everyone else , sit back and enjoy .
Thompson ca n't or wo n't diverge much from standard fairy-tale plotting , but enlivens the familiar situation comedy with some pleasingly tart lines .
a delightfully odd tale ... -LRB- Thompson -RRB- fills her story with amusing situations and an appealingly whimsical atmosphere .
Nanny McPhee should work for the kids , but it 's the unusual adult who will find these proceedings charming .
Thompson 's the title caregiver in this witty , rollicking kids ' movie that adults will enjoy , too .
What could have been just a middling kids ' movie turns out to be sweet and humorous , the first truly joyful film of 2006 .
Both very odd and very straightforward .
It 's about time somebody put some enchantment back into the profession , and McPhee is the appealing and visually vibrant family film diversion that provides the spark .
Emma Thompson has provided an amazing script that is smart and wholesome -LRB- what a charming change from the usual -RRB-
Likely to fascinate children , even if it may leave adults bored at times .
The comparisons to Mary Poppins may be inevitable , but Nanny McPhee has more in common with Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory -LRB- the Gene Wilder , not the Johnny Depp -RRB- than it does with anything chim chim cheree ...
The film delivers the kind of humor and excitement that is expected from the genre , with an extra helping of deviance and sharp wit .
a thoroughly charming story that has enough magic and slapstick to please the youngsters , and enough heart to make mom and dad happy
... an appealing tale of youthful empowerment and whimsy .
Nanny McPhee may well delight kids -- if not eternally -- but their adult chaperones , hoping for pleasures of their own from the Thompson-Firth contingent , are bound to find it a bit lacking .
... a colorful and exuberant but by-the-numbers and fairly charm-free concoction that seems overly calculated to pander to the currently hot movie-market for kids ' movies with magical British characters .
... a movie whose twisted visual imagination is more forceful than its wobbly , zigzagging narrative .
Nanny McPhee is a rare family film that manages to be funny without being gross , and heartwarming without being cloying .
... -LSB- Thompson -RSB- gives McPhee a gravitas that provides the movie with a deep core of feeling .
Will kids like the movie ? I suspect they will . Kids like to see other kids learning the rules even if they do n't much want to learn them themselves .
The fun is doled out in small portions and the film is so passive that younger kids will probably fidget in their seats .
-LSB- An -RSB- utterly predictable , yet garishly charming children 's tale ,
A delightful and macabre family film that celebrates the naughtiness of kids as a cover for their playful creativity .
A bizarrely colorful , over-the-top mash-up of Roald Dahl-esque Edwardian dramedy and the cover of the Rolling Stones ' Their Satanic Majesties Request .
... a very adult revel in all things childish and a comical expression of dramatic themes . While not quite a classic , it is nonetheless a magically constructed children 's film .
The movie is a little too self-consciously charming and some of the humor seems forced or even creepy . But it is highly entertaining to see the children misbehave and the happy ending , if unsurprising , is welcome and satisfying .
Occasionally sparkles with a promise of becoming something more than it ever really is .
Thompson never allows Nanny McPhee to become cute or cuddly , but manages to make the children -- and us -- love her , warts and all .
Imaginative and funny , Nanny McPhee resembles a Julie Andrews film festival -- without Andrews .
Nanny McPhee casts a captivating spell .
And while those classics , like Julie Andrews ' incandescent Maria and Poppins , were practically perfect in every way , Nanny McPhee is quite deserving of its own special place in the magical universe .
As entertainment for anyone over 10 , Nanny McPhee is a supercalifragilisticexpialadisappointment .
Based on Christianna Brand 's Nurse Matilda kid 's book series , one can see how the material might have had potential , if the cast were not pressing so much for laughs .
... off-putting in a garish way .
A delightful surprise , visually witty and almost unfailingly charming , perhaps the best film of its kind since ` Babe . ' This should become a family perennial .
What initially feels like a knockoff of `` Mary Poppins '' blossoms into something else entirely -- an assured , spunky story with such a resonant feel that it seems to have been pulled from an ancient fairy tale .
Nanny McPhee is perfect for little girls .
Thompson and Firth are fun ... but for the story to work , we have to sympathize with the kids at least a little bit , and that 's quite difficult here .
Nanny McPhee is one of those raucous , hyperactive kiddie flicks that knocks you upside the head from its opening frame .
If you have someone under 10 to take to the movies , this one is charming and painless .
The movie is hampered by production designer Michael Howell 's garish neon color palate contrasted against clownish costumes by Nic Ede ...
This is so deliciously over the top on so many levels ... from beastly behavior to gross and excessive destruction to gross and excessive excesses ... with the simple direct lessons woven in well ... brilliant , funny , uplifting for adults as well as children .
Emma Thompson 's smart script and the uncanny dignity she brings to her Mary Poppins-esque children 's nurse make up for a lot of flaws .
There is something deeply satisfying about a fable that ... pays strict attention to the serious moral lesson to be learned from it while also strictly adhering to a loopy , almost anarchic sense of fun .
En every way an exemplary children 's film , but it 's much more than that : at its best , it resembles the gently whimsical Ealing comedies of the '50s .
Parents may find more to enjoy in it than kids , since the little buggers are probably only there for the magic , of which there 's not nearly enough .
Como toda boa fábula , pode servir como um bom impulso para que pais e filhos discutam temas importantes para o desenvolvimento emocional e psicológico das crianças .
There 's no spoon of sugar given by this nanny , but like Mary Poppins , Nanny McPhee knows how to sort out needy children as well as their needy father .
The young ` uns could certainly do worse than Nanny McPhee as they await the next instalment of Potter .
Unfortunately , Colin Firth seems as though he 's on auto-pilot and the relationship between his character and Evangeline is unconvincing , if not borderline inappropriate .
Under the surface , the movie has a streak of Roald Dahl-style darkness which dilutes the sugar .
Thompson is impossible to dislike , but her ineffable grace and sympathy are not as evident as usual .
Emma Thompson is a treat as the eponymous childminder .
This whimsical and wonderfully nasty children 's tale is thoroughly enjoyable , if not hugely notable .



@highlight

A bit alarming at first , Nanny McPhee has a hard edge to counter Mary Poppins-style sweetness , but it still charms us and teaches some valuable lessons .