Sleeping Beauty is frightening , overcoloured , overanimated and overwhelmingly vulgar , with a lot of lugubrious wordage set to Tchaikovsky 's music .
It is a picture that will charm the young and tickle adults , since the old fairy tale has been transferred to the screen by a Disney who kept his tongue in his cheek throughout the film 's animation .
A vision of artistry and pure entertainment , `` Sleeping Beauty '' will never , ever grow old .
At once modernist and classical , Disney 's Sleeping Beauty takes characters who look like paper cutouts from magazine cartoons and sets them against backdrops that look like expensive wallpaper patterns .
Sleeping Beauty is a masterpiece that looks and sounds better than ever on Blu-ray , and with an outstanding selection of fascinating special features , this is a release that is easily labeled a must-own .
Technical wizardry apart , it 's the supporting characters that make the difference , in this case the trio of plump guardians Flora , Fauna and Merryweather , and iconic villainess Maleficent the wicked fairy .
Has poor party etiquette ever been so costly ?
Disney classic is delightful but sometimes scary .
One of the handful of Disney features that can be rightfully called perfect .
Has grown better with age .
The animation is -- as with all the early Disney 's -- jaw-droppingly good .
taken as a childhood adventure , you ca n't get much better than this film
A great-looking , colourful old-style classic .
... a fine family film .
Sleeping Beauty has been regarded as a minor classic for too long . This restored edition should reinforce that it 's a classic , period .
The masterpiece of the Disney Studios ' postwar style .
The hero and heroine are sugar sculpture , and the witch looks like a clumsy tracing from a Charles Addams cartoon .
This was the most expensive animated film to date , and every penny was on the screen .
Mary Costa 's rich and expressive voice for the title character gives substance and strength to it .
Although this rarely achieves the heights of classics like Snow White and Dumbo , it still has its moments .
The colors are rich , the sounds are luscious and magic sparkles spurt charmingly from wands .
Disney 's last great fairy tale adaptation for more than thirty years , until Beauty and the Beast ... a worthy successor to Snow White and Pinocchio .
Magical !
It may be Disney 's purest cinematic fairy tale ...
The picture is so misanthropic that its happy ending feels more coma-dream than fairy-tale resolution
not exactly the type of movie you sing along to
Suffused with celestial metaphors and flights of visual fancy informed by pre-Renaissance art , the economical story is played for cosmic pathos and staged as pagan ritual .
Is this the point when Disney animation lost its charm ?
Very VERY 1950s , both in outlook and execution , but still brimming with wit and powerfully moving at times .
Maleficent is one of the crowning achievements of the Disney Villain Factory .
Despite being understandably technologically eclipsed ... Sleeping Beauty still possesses an ageless Technirama charm and joie de vivre that 's hard to find in many modern children 's films .
Viewing it again for the first time in five years is like being reunited with an old friend .








@highlight

This Disney dreamscape contains moments of grandeur , with its lush colors , magical air , one of the most menacing villains in the Disney canon .