Part imbecilic-Peter-Pan fantasy , part empty-nester nightmare , and all riotous ridiculousness , it 's a masterpiece of morons being morons .
You only needed one look at the poster for Step Brothers to know exactly what this film would be like .
Step Brothers is unashamedly dumb , unoriginal and downright offensively childish . But are n't these the very same reasons why people like these movies ?
McKay and co. manage to pull off a strangely heart-warming finale .
Foul-mouthed Ferrell comedy is n't very funny . No kids .
You know you 're in trouble when the cleverest parts of your movie are the ironic T-shirts , worn unironically ... -LRB- but -RRB- a bonus is deserved by the person who dug up the Pablo Cruise shirt .
Step Brothers is a rowdy , rambunctious , fitful , against-the-wall comedy . Will Ferrell , John C. Reilly , and director writer Adam McKay heave comedy , like spaghetti , against the wall . About half sticks ; the other half makes a real mess .
... surpreendente que , em meio a tanta estupidez , o filme seja realmente engraçado e consiga criar dois personagens tão carismáticos , chegando a incluir , aqui e ali , momentos que , de uma forma sutil , se revelam tocantes .
It 's one joke , already predictable , and it gets old fast .
... flat-out entertaining ...
Only occasionally funny and about three times as long as the material justifies , it 's boring and just a little bit embarrassing to sit through .
When Step Brothers is funny , it 's hilarious . But when it is n't funny , the second hand of your watch sounds peculiarly loud .
Unremittingly juvenile and irredeemably funny .
On its own terms , Step Brothers is hilarious . But it 's a shame that the filmmakers did n't have more faith in the audience . Why resort to gross-out tactics when your premise is strong enough to allow for a more sophisticated approach ?
There is also a general sloppiness to the screenplay , which introduces elements that have no real pay-off .
No one can play a 40-year-old obliviously immature man-child like Will Ferrell .
Ferrell has the world 's greatest job . Studios pay this guy enormous sums of money to stay in constant touch with his inner idiot , while mere mortals struggle day-in and day-out to keep our secret buffoon in check .
It 's clear that much of what is on the screen is there because writers Ferrell and McKay found it funny , not because it serves the plot .
A sometimes amusing , occasionally hilarious summer laugh fest .
Like toothpaste from a tube , every last laugh is squeezed from this absurd premise , where both men pushing forty act like they 're 14 . Surprisingly , it 's enough to make it work .
Thanks to their ability to convincingly portray adults who have never emotionally advanced beyond their pre-adolescent years , Ferrell and Reilly perfectly inhabit these obnoxious yet hilarious characters .
Despite valiant efforts from a seasoned cast , it fails to deliver the expected laughs .
One thing spoils the mood : for all the joy that Ferrell and Reilly take in brawling or whimpering like two-year-olds , immaturity is still seen as something to be overcome .
Between occasional guffaws and more frequent hand-over-mouth , oh-my-God moments , I started to think about where American comedy has come from and where it 's going .
Painful to watch , this Will Ferrell vehicle is crude , infantile and unfunny as it hovers around its one-tone premise in which two grown men behave like kids % u2013 and vile ones at that
There is a plot , but it only exists to give Ferrell and Reilly some focus for their juvenilia . While this sounds like a negative comment , it 's actually not .
Sporadically funny , and ridiculous enough to keep some fans happy ... but even a solid cast ca n't sustain one joke this long .
Dude , the film so totally happens to be great .
Funny as it is watching balding middle-aged men clowning like eight-year-olds - particularly when it involves Ferrell man-crying - it soon starts to grow old when that 's all the script has to offer .
For a while their stupid rivalry , insults and petulant displays of outrage are funny , but like the talented child who wo n't be quiet for a second , the act eventually begins to grate .
Most of all , it is great to see Ferrell beating his addiction to sports comedies , following Semi-Pro , Blades Of Glory and Talladega Nights .
A middling movie that provides just enough laughs to keep you watching , the whole thing feels two or three rewrites short of completion .
You 'll laugh a ton , but you might also feel that you can have too much of a good thing .
Yet as Ferrell and Reilly babble , yell , and clobber themselves silly in the -LRB- fruitless -RRB- pursuit of laughs over 97 excruciating minutes , anyone who manages to complete this moronic marathon with them deserves a medal .
Adam McKay 's movie hits inspiration often enough to overcome its pedestrian plot , and the sight of Ferrell bawling like a baby somehow gets funnier each time .
This goofy comedy is a DVD rental only .
Digestible if you can stomach the crude nostalgia . A disaster if you expect art and crafts .
You 'll have seen a lot of this before but that wo n't be a problem for lovers of ` big ' comedy and die-hard Ferrell fans .
Despite some obvious flaws , ` Step Brothers ' remains a hugely enjoyable , well-constructed slice of lowbrow Saturday night entertainment , leaving Ferrell 's position as the reigning king of US comedy secure for a while longer .
It 's no Anchorman , but it 's several steps in the right direction .
Enjoyable comedy that wrings maximum laughs from its one-joke premise , thanks to terrific comic performances from Ferrell and Reilly .
It 's turning out to be a vintage year for dud comedies - The Love Guru , Get Smart , Zohan . Now we have Step Brothers tripping up on the catwalks of comedy .
You do get to see Ferrell 's ball sack , which might be a draw for some , but otherwise it 's a mess . Ferrell and Reilly bicker and it should be better .
At once hilarious and frightening .
Another standard comedy where you can get exactly what you have seen before . I was hoping for more this time and sad to say I was disappointed .
Kudos here to both leads , who manage to channel their inner child to their adult personalities .
Much of their nonsense is undeniably funny .
This should represent the nadir of Ferrell 's efforts , but the truth is that he 's done worse .
It 's definitely not highbrow humor . But we do n't expect ponderous meaning or dovetailed subjectivity from an Apatow film , now do we ?
Stepbrothers is the best comedy of the year and that 's not saying much .
The aggravation created by so much stupidity on parade , with so few honest laughs , had me squirming in my seat .
Possesses one and only one gag : watching middle-aged men acting like 12-year-olds with exceedingly dirty vocabularies ... Easily the least-enjoyable of all the Ferrell vehicles .
Despite being perhaps McKay and Ferrell 's weakest film yet , it 's still a McKay/Ferrell film , and that 's enough .
Step Brothers signals another era of American comedy : It 's the sort of thing that will assist future scholars in crafting histories of 21st-century stupidity .
While the movie in general is sloppy and unwieldy , the gags -LSB- Ferrell -RSB- pulls off with co-star John C. Reilly deliver lots of big laughs .
Heightened suspicions of the decline of civilization became inescapable this past Friday when Adam McKay 's Step Brothers oozed its way into theaters .
This is n't your Adam Sandler watered down comedy . It 's raunchy , vulgar , rude , mean-spirited , and funny as hell .
A major letdown .
When a 23-year-old male Anchorman fan would rather see a romance with Jenkins and Steenburgen than an R-rated comedy with Ferrell , you know something went horrible wrong .
It 's nice to have Will Ferrell back , and not as , say , a sex-addicted curling champ from Liechtenstein with a testicle that has n't descended and an appetite for Funyuns . A riotous movie that delivers on its promise thanks to expert improvisation and squirm
Another step down in Will Ferrell 's career path
Do n't watch it on an airplane , do n't check it out on cable , do n't walk past the bargain basement bin where it 's been sold .
-LSB- S -RSB- atirizes the trend that 's all the rage now : men wallowing in adolescence through their 30s ... -LSB- H -RSB- alf the other movies we 've been assaulted with over the last few years have actually seemed to celebrate that horror ...
There 's enough inventive hairy chested Peter Pan pretend preteen malice and ballsy kid impersonation , to sustain the laughs for the duration . Think Superbad with ample doses of talking dirty sibling revelry .
With exhibitionist Will Ferrell finding another excuse to expose himself in a movie , he 's leaving himself in danger of going down in cinematic history as the man who nude too much .
` Look , they 're grown men ! And they behave like children ! ' Lather . Rinse . Repeat .
Ferrell and John C. Reilly further prove that they 're a perfectly matched comic pairing .
I must dedicate this review to my friend Debbie . Because over the years , she and I have had many conversations about the real-life `` man boys '' we have known .
The movie slowly begins to descend into a vacuous state because the contrived script really has no place to go .
Do n't be fooled by the family-friendly collapsing bunk-bed trailers ! This is a crude , grossly vulgar , comedic rumination on contemporary parenting and sibling rivalry .
Will Ferrell and director Adam McKay founded the acclaimed `` Funny or Die '' website . On this movie , I vote `` die . ''
Unlike Old School or Anchorman , this is n't a Will Ferrell movie that you 'll want to watch over and over or quote back and forth with your friends .
Long live Brennan and Dale . A funny , raunchy comedy that likely will transport grown men back to their childhoods while watching it .
Step Brothers is no Bringing Up Baby .
`` Hilarious . ''
Yet another inspired attempt to mine his particular brand of repressed juvenile humor , but this time -LSB- Ferrell -RSB- goes a little further with a sly commentary on the elusive definition of `` growing up . ''
Will Ferrell is n't yet as irrelevant as Mike ` The Love Guru ' Myers or Eddie ` Meet Dave ' Murphy , but it 's telling that when Seth Rogen makes a brief cameo appearance here , he seems to be doing the much more famous Ferrell a favor .
Ferrell and Reilly have such chemistry together , and their ability to go over the top makes this film utterly ludicrous , horridly uncomfortable and ridiculously funny .
Brideshead Revisited , it turns out , deserves a revisit .
It 's a movie that makes you wonder if Hollywood even remembers how to make comedies anymore .
I could n't stop laughing at the damn thing .
There 's a good subject for satire here , the extended adolescence of American kids . But satire presupposes maturity , or at least some perspective .
The concept is inherently funny , but the plot grows thin and the laughs grow fewer once the premise is established .
A movie of unrelenting idiocy featuring boorish behaviour , unrealistic character development and ludicrous plotting .
Ferrell , the Hollywood star most notorious for going naked in his movies , shows off only his belly , and that for a teasing second . For most of the rest of the time , you 'll be reveling in , or enduring , one more exhibition of grown men playing children .
-LSB- A -RSB- massively gross , massively funny comedy .
It does n't rank high in the lowbrow-comedy genre that has produced legitimately smart entries such as The 40-Year-Old Virgin or Knocked Up , but it does succeed as a token contender by delivering real laughs at the expense of intelligence and decency .
Stupid , crude and hilarious , Step Brothers works by sneaking past our better judgment .
Though Ferrell and Reilly bring puppyish enthusiasm to scenes in which the overgrown boys bond , the shift to friendship leaves Step Brothers with nowhere to go .
It 's not subtle , not the cleverest thing Apatow has put his name on . But for lowdown , cheap and dirty laughs , it 's pretty hard to beat Reilly and Ferrell , riffing , trashing and trash-talking each other for 94 mostly mean , sometimes manic minutes .
Step Brothers is less ambitious than Anchorman or Talladega and taffy-stretches a sketch-comedy premise .
Although the comedy is a little messed-up and childish itself , it still delivers a few good laughs .
I thought I knew funny , but I was mistaken . Before the blessed light of Step Brothers entered my life , I knew not the sweet comedic splendors of live burial , bunk-bed catastrophe or a minivan family singing ` Sweet Child O ' Mine ' in four-part harmony .
Watching people act like kids is annoying . Now everyone can join in the un-fun with Step Brothers , Will Ferrell 's latest summed-up-in-one-line concept comedy that tests our patience so much more than his previous movies did .
There is no plot , no sense , symmetry or structure to this train wreck .
This is ultimately Ferrell and Reilly 's show , and although the two actors have played plenty of stooges in the past , they 've never done it with quite the same abandon they do here .
If you put the collected works of Will Ferrell , Adam McKay and Judd Apatow in a pot , boiled off the excess and let the remainder cool , you 'd have something very much like Step Brothers .
Ferrell and Reilly do the man-child thing again , only this time it 's R-rated and not quite as funny .
A one-joke comedy that might have made a decent recurring sketch on Saturday Night Live , digested in five-minute doses .
I 'm starting to sound like a broken record , but for the eleventh time this year Sony Pictures -LRB- whether it be through their Screen Gems , Columbia or Tri Star divisions -RRB- has made a bad movie .
It is pure silliness , illogic , and unpredictable deviant behaviour played out at a pitch that achieves a kind of joyful note .
Do not go to Step Brothers looking for anything remotely meaningful , sincere or spiritually enhancing . Go for a laugh . It 's got plenty of them .
The unraveling is n't as smartly written as the setup . And because the characters beyond the parents and boys are n't as finely tuned , the film starts to lag .
The engine that drives this flick is the chemistry between Mr. Reilly and Mr. Ferrell . The two obviously delight in each other 's company , and it feels good and is funny to watch .
Director Adam McKay is a veteran of the Judd Apatow school of R-rated gross-out gooniness , but this latest installment in the canon is decidedly underpowered .
... Seems to have never evolved beyond the basic concept stage .
Has one joke that it beats into the ground : 40-year-old men acting like petulant 9-year-olds . Luckily , Ferrell and Reilly were born with no shame or sense of personal dignity , and they give good tantrum .
Step Brothers is outrageous enough to acquire a cult . Complete with male nudity and dog poop , it 's like a midnight movie you can catch at a matinee .
There is enough humorous material in Step Brothers to keep you laughing some of the time , but do n't expect to see anything more than a juvenile comedy that borders on the line between mediocre and good .
It 's certainly not terrible but it 's one of the most disjointed major comedies in recent memory , adopting a ` kitchen sink ' approach and allowing its stars to run rampant with the high concept , a tactic which yields mixed results .
Step Brothers is like watching someone get kicked in the groin for 90 minutes , but it still makes us laugh .
There 's so much unpredictable comedy in Step Brothers , and humor is so much better when you ca n't see the jokes coming from a mile away .
Playing like an overlong DVD version of one of his earlier , funnier , PG-13 films , Step Brothers finds Will Ferrell diving into raunchier , coarser terrain .
In Step Brothers , Nancy -LRB- Mary Steenburgen -RRB- is the ideal audience , the girl who ca n't fathom the anti-nuances of masculine ritual .
If you like Judd Apatow 's bawdy R-rated comedies and Ferrell 's inspired silliness , Step Brothers may be the most riotously funny film this side of Knocked Up
... a flat , desultory piece that relies too much on the presumed comic chemistry between its co-stars .
... as much fun as being locked in a room with a pair of sexually precocious brats .
It 's hard to deny how absolutely hilarious Step Brothers really is . You may feel guilty as Hell for laughing at it , but it definitely does earn its cheap and childish giggles
Noisy , fitfully amusing , ultimately tiresome havoc .
A meagre , occasionally funny affair .
There are exactly two scenes in Step Brothers featuring anything resembling comic inspiration and neither of them rests on the film 's two stars .
Exhausted is how many audiences members will feel after squirming through such a repetitive , one-joke comedy .
Easily the funniest movie Adam McKay has made to date .
Step Brothers is a movie about adults acting like children , by adults acting like children , for adults who like to act like children .
No Step Brotherly love here ... He -LSB- Farrell -RSB- gets not funnier with each succeeding movie .
Step Brothers is a very up and down comedy but when the film is riding the upside , it is high-class laugh out loud hilarity that pushes that R-rated envelope in a good way .
Ferrell is the third best teenage boy I 've ever seen but John C. Reilly may be the greatest comic actor of our generation -- he 's fearlessly earnest and incapable of mugging .
It may not be the most sophisticated film around but every once in a while , you need an unabashedly juvenile goof to sort of clear the pipes and this one gets the job done .
Story ? Who needs a story ? We 've got miles of film with Will and Johnny ad libbing ! It 'll be great !
Neither are merely satirizing the late '80s string of age reversal comedies . Instead in their own bizarro way have a charm that results in their commitment to the premise .
Ferrell shows there 's only so many times you can milk the same cow before the milk spoils .
Reilly and Ferrell take the average material and elevate it to funny .
... a largely plotless exercise in grown men behaving with the juvenile irresponsibility and self-centered obsession of spoiled children .
The majority of the gags , as crude as they can be , hit the mark and the interplay between Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly keeps the film from becoming a repetitive bore .
You know you 're in trouble when the George W. Bush quote you open your movie with -LRB- `` Families is where our nation finds hope , where wings take dream '' -RRB- gets the evening 's biggest laugh .
Few films are worse to sit through than comedies that do n't work . Step Brothers is one of those .
Has something that manages to hold it all together : The inspired pairing of Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly , two actors smart enough to play dumb and make it work .
It 's hard to believe that two people could reach middle age acting like grade-schoolers , and not in a funny way , either .
Thank god that when he became a man , Will Ferrell never put away childish things . His Step Brothers is so childish it seems to arrive in diapers , and that 's not bad ; it 's good .
With a few tweaks , the picture could have actually been about 12-year-old step-brothers , and been better for it .
Once the shock from some of the more noxious jokes wears off , the movie just turns annoying and repetitive .
Despite a few hilarious supporting players -LRB- especially Kathryn Hahn as the miserable wife of Brennan 's overachieving brother -RRB- , -LSB- the movie -RSB- runs out of steam well before the closing credits .
Starting at infantile and regressing hysterically from there , Step Brothers flies on the comic chemistry of Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly .
Though McKay and his cast make the most of the material , Step Brothers is constrained by its one-joke concept .
Step Brothers touches inspired insanity intermittently , it never stays put , resulting in a picture of pleasing bedlam , but never consistent bedlam .
As Step Brother plays out , the expected comedy about perma-boys Ferrell and Reilly blends with a borderline horror-movie about the poor parents who are stuck with them .
Full of riffy , improvised moments and a couple of jaw-droppingly raunchy sight gags , the comedy follows a typical buddy-movie arc -- conflict and loathing giving way to bonding and brotherhood , or step-brotherhood in this case .
Somewhere between unashamed vulgarity and juvenile sweetness lies this surprisingly touching tale about two man-children .
Seesawing from the gleefully stupid to the desperately stupid , Step Brothers is an indicator that the Judd Apatow juggernaut has made one too many trips to the well .
The trick to the Men II Boyz comic genre -- where grown men are simply older , pudgier versions of their teen selves , struggling to find their place in the world -- is to find the surprises and payoffs within the Peter Pan syndrome .
Some are touting this as the grown-up version of Superbad . Wrong . That earlier film was excellent . `` Super bad , '' as applied to Step Brothers , is a super understatement .
It takes roughly 45 minutes for the film to start formulating some semblance of plot , but it 's too little too late .
It 's hard to find their repetitive antics amusing when they continually destroy the lives of the well-meaning parents who coddle them .
This one 's strictly for Ferrell , McKay , and Reilly -- and for those of us who really , really like them .
... not as inspired as Talladega Nights , but it has its own deranged sense of glee .
Nudie magazines , dog poop , words like ` mangina ' -- if these are a few of your favorite things , Step Brothers is the comedy for you .
Ferrell and Reilly get more mileage out of juvenile pouting and bickering than any other performers I can imagine , but that 's about as far as this goes .
When did comedies get so mean ? Step Brothers has a premise that might have produced a good time at the movies , but when I left , I felt a little unclean .
Ticking away just beneath Step Brothers ' freely associative surface is a fairly astute commentary on how we define such abstract concepts as ` growing up ' and ` making something of yourself . '
Totally bereft of humor , an insult to the intelligence of anyone over the age of reason , reprehensibly crude , this is worse than stupid .
Though its comedy is nearly as undisciplined and juvenile as its heroes , Step Brothers generates a fair number of laughs . Surprises ? Not so much .
Step Brothers is hit-and-miss , but it made me wish that the usual American comedy of ` how stupid can we get ? ' had this much rage .
Step Brothers immediately dirties its sitcom-ready path with humor that 's largely filthy and occasionally flat-out weird .
Early in Step Brothers , Dr. Doback tells his son `` Dale , I think that it 's time we both made a few changes . '' Would that screenwriters Adam McKay and Will Ferrell had taken that advice to heart .
Not the best in the McKay/Apatow canon , but still ... it 's funny .
The consistently funny Step Brothers flails with such determination it might make you believe in the redeeming , endearing power of immaturity .
If this movie does n't make you laugh , you might want to give up on comedy altogether .
That the film itself never attempts to achieve more than the humor enjoyed by 12-year-old boys may make it ironic , but it does n't make it funny .
It 's all over the place , and it will make you laugh when you least expect it , but maybe not so much when you do .
Reilly jumps into his role with the zeal of a Method actor -- no fear about sporting tiny underroos for the bulk of his screen time -- but he sometimes comes off as more scary than funny .
You 've seen this schtick a million times before , but you 'll be too busy laughing to care .
Nothing in the movie feels politically correct or focus-grouped .
Step Brothers is stupid . Childish . Moronic . Simple . Juvenile . Silly . Just ridiculous . Man , is it funny .
Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly are essentially playing the same person , which is the movie 's fundamental , irreparable flaw .
One more step in the infantilization of American comedy ... Its vulgarity is exceeded only by its stupidity , and it glorifies both .
There 's something brilliantly stupid -LRB- or stupidly brilliant -RRB- about the sight of Ferrell and Reilly in vintage '80s t-shirts smacking each other around like steroidal kids , though it 's the little things that make their complementary performances thrive .
While your tolerance for Step Brothers will rely upon your willingness to find moronic behavior and potty-mouthed dialogue funny , I must admit that the film had me laughing consistently almost the entire way through .
Ferrell 's Brennan is as dumb as his George W. Bush , as enthusiastic as a Spartan cheerleader , and as convinced of his own importance as Ron Burgundy .
A passable comedy about two immature guys on the cusp of middle age , one which bears the marks of producer Judd Apatow .
Goofy , bawdy , and full of slapstick physicality `` Step Brothers '' takes advantage of the natural comic chemistry between Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly to generate a coming of age comedy that 's funnier than any of Will Ferrell 's recent outings .
McKay keeps his comedy from straying too far into Adam Sandler turf by limiting the overt sentimentality and not letting the melodrama overwhelm the gloriously crass dialogue and intentionally childish conduct of Ferrell and Reilly who work well together



@highlight

The relentless immaturity of the humor is not a total handicap for this film , which features the consistently well-matched talents of Will Ferrell and John C. Reilly .