-LSB- Benigni 's -RSB- cheerful physicality and soul -- combined with Edwards 's continuing feel for slapstick -- give the tired routines of Son of the Pink Panther whatever life they have .
Edwards actually sets the stage at the end for a sequel . Is there anybody out there who would want to see it ? More to the point , would Edwards want to make it ?
What 's missing ? Zest , creativity , density , paprika , astonishment , speed . Most of all : speed . Slapstick is like basketball -- if it does n't happen fast , it does n't happen .
This movie will finally kill off the series .
That there are any laughs at all is due almost entirely to Benigni . He 's not remotely like Sellers , but he 's a creative physical comedian .
To be fair , Benigni does the best he can with the supremely unfunny material .
Stay away at all costs . Do not be lulled by nostalgic memories of Inspector Clouseau 's malapropisms ; do not be fooled by slick print or TV ads ; do not let your kids talk you into it .
Each new installment has become like a visit with old friends who are often annoying and frequently boring , but are missed in some strange way when they 're not around .
Counting the animated TV show , this is the Panther 's ninth life . Color him dead .
The kidnapping plot is inane , the slapstick inept and the cast ineffectual . All in all , mind-bogglingly bad .
Each routine was done better -- and funnier -- long ago by Sellers . Gags about getting drunk , mispronouncing words , dressing up in disguises , executing pratfalls and other inane physical bits have become old and tired .
Some kids might like so-so Pink Panther .
Outside of the James Bond films , it 's hard to think of a series as passé as Blake Edwards ' Pink Panther comedies .
Starring Italian comedian Roberto Benigni as the new bumbling inspector , it is a tired pastiche of recycled sketches and gags .
never does it get any more amusing than someone falling down , falling out of a window , or falling off of a bed
Delivers a surprising amount of laughs . A guilty pleasure much like Edwards ' much-maligned Curse of -LRB- 1983 -RRB- .
Benigni tries , but it simply is n't any fun without Peter Sellers .
oh my
Ill-fated attempt to re-ignite the Clouseau series ... with Roberto Benigni .
Benigni is a talented clown , but Edwards 's direction is so clumsy and the script so unfunny that you 're more likely to cringe or cry than laugh .
What Son of the Pink Panther does n't have , in addition to Mr. Sellers , is a screenplay that is even semi-coherent .
What was Blake Edwards thinking ? Or was he ?
What a bore , do n't spawn Peter Sellers !
Can you say ` cinematic atrocity ' boys and girls ? I was afraid you could . This has a place in the Sequel-For-Sequel 's - Sake Hall of Infamy .
Nothing is sadder than seeing a once-beloved movie series churning out sequels long after its time is past .
After hiring Benigni , it seems , Edwards flat ran out of good ideas .
Edwards loses sight of what Benigni does best -- full-body physical shtick -- trapping him in long-shot gags that could be anybody .
It is disappointing , if not too surprising , to find that Son of the Pink Panther is largely a misfire , despite some scattershot laughs .







@highlight

Roberto Benigni is an undeniably gifted physical comic , but the misguided Son of Pink Panther betrays his energetic efforts with a painfully unfunny script .