It 's a bit navel-gazing , but also important .
Painful and frustrating but not without solace , Mike White 's second film offers an honest look at the midlife crisis , as well as a poignant reminder of how the first step to success in life is to stop worrying about it . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mike White handles his film with significant sensitivity . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Great introspective work of the protagonist . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Mike White has written some of the most humane and relevant films about living in 2017 .
It 's an effectively told narrative , well-paced and worthwhile .
-LSB- Mike White 's -RSB- movie tucks some quietly resonant aces up its sleeve - including some fine ` serious acting ' from Stiller , arguably his best to date .
Stiller can do this kind of thing in his sleep but still manages to tower over the cast .
Regardless , Brad 's Status that has the potential to communicate as deeply as it does to offer a lighter , yet nonetheless touching experience .
Its artful material is deftly handled by writer-director Mike White .
-LSB- Ben -RSB- Stiller has already rung this bell in his superior collaborations with Noah Baumbach and we 're not exactly short of films exploring the anxieties of middle-aged white guys worried about life leaving them behind .
-LRB- Stiller 's -RRB- recent work with Noah Baumbach has brought out the very best in him . He 's excellent in Mike White 's Brad 's Status , a perceptive and witty comic drama about a man consumed by envy .
Painfully embarrassing at times , modestly amusing at others , it promises more than it delivers , let down by a surfeit of narration and by a growing sense that charmless Brad is very much the architect of his own perceived misfortune .
The film 's emotional beats are strangely resonant , thanks to Stiller 's subtle , attenuated performance . It 's quite a mid-career renaissance he 's having , playing grown-ups still consumed with the task of growing up .
This film has many comic moments but there is a dark core to it which many may resonate uncomfortably for many .
Do n't be put off by the banal title ; School of Rock screenwriter Mike White 's introspective cringe comedy drily harnesses the baby-boomer anxieties experienced by parents of millennials .
Stiller has visited this territory before , but never with such grating effectiveness . Following on from Ingrid Goes West ; Brad 's Status has dark fun with social media envy .
The self-pitying white man may not deserve our pity , but Stiller wins it anyway .
Ben Stiller is having another midlife crisis , and only his sincere , heartfelt performance saves this pile of unchecked white male privilege from self-parody . But only just .
It 's a film for middle-aged people , and if you 're one of them , I think it will make you smile and maybe even reflect on what really counts as success .
Often perceptive and funny as it explores one man 's existential crisis .
The film passes the time with breezy good cheer and the odd well-wrangled cringe , but fades from memory in much the same way .
-LSB- Ben Stiller -RSB- gives an appealing performance in a very familiar type of role in writer-director Mike White 's comedy-drama , Brad 's Status .
I 'll tell you what Brad 's status should be : face well and truly slapped .
It is an introspective and downbeat film , but forceful and personal , with excruciating and all-too-real moments of mortification . And it can be weirdly moving , almost out of nowhere .
... a tender comedy about what children are capable of teaching . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is a notably more mature take on the story than many that have gone before .
Imagine Woody Allen 's Deconstructing Harry remade by a troubled Buddhist . The film is calm yet corrosive .
Tender and truthful in equal measure , this is a heartfelt cringe comedy with a bittersweet ache at its core , which might even merit a tear or two at the climax .
Cheer up , Brad . You 're doing okay .
Ben Stiller inhabits the role of a hard-pressed , somewhat neurotic dad with brilliant fidelity in the engrossing Brad 's Status .
We 've seen Stiller do ` exasperated malcontent ' before , but this remains a perceptive portrait of fortysomething angst .
Brad 's Status focuses too much on Stiller 's character 's thoughts and internal monologues and not enough on anyone else .
Brad 's Status is White 's second admirable screenplay this year after Beatriz at Dinner , each rapier sharp about human conditions . This script brings out Stiller 's best .
A droll and vigorous psychological study of an everyday egomaniac , but we 've seen Stiller do this sort of thing before , and better .
So sad in the year 2017 that women get written into these reductive support roles . Would it have been so hard to make one of Brad 's successful college buddies a woman ?
Fortunately -LSB- Brad 's Status -RSB- is not an exercise in indie onanism , but a step beyond . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
... a necessary injection of hope to remind us that sometimes beauty is always closer than we think . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A movie that 's both affectionate towards its flawed protagonist and painfully aware of his many faults .
It serves as a reminder of something that an enlightened audience already knows . But for those who have n't embraced it yet , this may be more of a meaningful revelation .
Stiller was born to play these kinds of roles . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A very interesting and even moving work with excellent performances . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
As a middle-aged man questioning his place in life , actor Ben Stiller delivers what may be the finest performance of his career in Brad 's Status .
Quite simply , it is one of the most solid performances of -LSB- Ben Stiller 's -RSB- career . It deserves to be seen . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Oscillating between mild humor and navel-gazing pretension , Brad 's Status is a road movie about fathers and sons that sporadically lands when it stops taking everything so seriously .
While the actor could indeed handle a movie like Brad 's Status in his sleep , Stiller does hustle something alert and relatively affecting from this very familiar material .
Brad 's self-pity is absurd , yet we 're seemingly meant to sympathise as he mourns his lost promise ; his voiceover ruminations about falling out of love with the world have the ring of Terrence Malick at his worst .
Brad sees the best and then , as a defence mechanism , the worst in his now distant pals , and White delivers these moments with scalpel sharp comic instincts . The ludicrousness is funny , but it 's equally an indictment of Brad .
... a huge leap forward for White as a filmmaker ...
There is no better person to play an inadequate and anxiety-filled worrywart than Ben Stiller .
-LSB- Writer and Director Mike -RSB- White is a specialist when it comes to writing satires ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
White is clearly a keen observer of human behavior but he chose the wrong subject .
Stiller 's performance is funny and substantive , a subtle portrait of middle-age , middle-class , white-guy anxiety existing somewhere between his best commercial comedy roles and prickly indies .
... Stiller composes an egocentric protagonist to ridicule , whose extreme sensitivity could also be his last chance . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A comedy about the male universe with hardly any outstanding results . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ben Stiler shines as Brad . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
I found the existential angst in the film to be was very similar to Mike White 's brilliant HBO show `` Enlightened , '' except here the main character just is n't that interesting .
An insightful dramedy about a man 's midlife crisis propelled by comparisons and envy .
White understands that such feelings are , for most of us , fleeting - the kinds of emotions that we entertain , then either ignore , forget or simply laugh off . It takes Brad a while longer .
... while it may not change your mind about Stiller , it could entice you into giving him another look . His movie is certainly worth a look .
-LSB- Brad 's status -RSB- offers satisfaction in White 's choice to challenge the audience instead of ingratiating itself to us with a pat happy ending .
A cautionary tale warning about the folly of trying to keep up with Joneses , especially where the Joneses are all members of America 's wealthiest 1 % .
Unfortunately , Brad 's journey often feels too subtle and low-key to elevate the audience from the doldrums of his situation .
In all honesty , during my TIFF screening of Brad 's Status , the new dramedy from actor , writer and director Mike White , I found myself barely able to contain the rage I felt for Brad Sloan , an insufferable mess of white male entitlement and privilege .
Brad 's Status , a downer comedy written and directed by the subversively talented Mike White , is a triumphant entry into the botched , washout male category of cinema .
Mike White 's sardonic take on a mid-life crisis , stuffed with deceptive sentimentality and self-pity .
You may have to be of a Certain Age for ` Brad 's Status ' to land . But for those who are , it rings loudly with hard truths .
A hugely cringe-inducing but still very poignant comedy-drama about a middle-aged man consumed with envy and jealousy .
Brad 's Status may think it 's about an aging baby boomer 's existential crisis when , if you change your perception , it really is how adults reflect on their children , and visa versa .
There are some terrific parts , good performances , decent laughs and heartfelt moments . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
We knew this guy was a forgettable jerk not worth our time five minutes into this movie .
With all his kvetching and self-pity , Brad is a lot like a guy in a bar that you ca n't wait to get away from . But he 's never reduced to sitcom level . And his predicament - especially for males of a certain age - may ring painfully true .
It takes about 100 minutes for Brad to update his status , and it 's well worth booking that much face time with Ben Stiller , giving what 's probably his finest performance to date .
Brad 's Status ... is a drama only because it is humorless . The story ... becomes maudlin and self-pitying .
Navel-gazing Sacramento insomniac Brad shares his narcissistic agony via voiceover , categorizing his shortcomings while sweating through a Harvard visit with his caring , unconflicted piano prodigy teen .
For some reason , Ben Stiller returns to `` Walter Mitty '' mode , and even some fine work from Austin Abrams -LRB- as his son -RRB- ca n't save us from the monotony .
Quirky dramedy has great acting , plus language , drinking .
Unfortunately , while the performances are good , Brad is a whining bore .
Brad 's Status is that rarest of offerings : a brave , smart and occasionally laugh-out-loud film that hits grown-ups right where they live . It provides food for thought and supplication for the soul .
Cheers for writer/director Mike White , who has found the perfect vehicle for Stiller to express a nearly intractable case of mid-life jitters .
-LSB- Mike -RSB- White has a distinctive way of venturing into creepy places while at the same time treating the characters compassionately ; we care even as we wince .
A kind of plausible horror film , a monster movie where Brad is a wounded soul trapped by his own materialism , narcissistic insecurities , envy and shame . White is a humanist who locates comedy in social anxiety ; he likes to make his audience squirm .
Who wants to spend 90-odd minutes with a guy who ca n't appreciate a single joy in his life ?
A white male with a midlife crisis is n't exactly new material for a movie , but White 's screenplay and Stiller 's performance are so alive to both the silliness and the sadness of Brad 's predicament that it becomes something fresh and piercing .
Has there ever been a face more suited to male anxiety than Ben Stiller 's ?
This is a signature role for an actor we tend to take for granted .
Stiller is in prime form here , smart and self-pitying in a way that 's quintessentially his own .
Although the pacing is uneven , the end result satisfies . The movie may be marketed to art house audiences but it has something to say to -LRB- and about -RRB- us all .
Mike White lures out Stiller 's most soulful performance
Stories like this , where the semi-prosperous white male laments that things are n't better in his life , are refuges of privilege , pity parties for characters who `` have enough . ''
Brad 's Status has a ton of heart ... the performances are strong . But nothing feels remotely new or novel . And White fails to leverage the dark humour you 'd expect from a film with Jemaine Clement and Ben Stiller .
A sharp but sensitive satirical study of male mid-life crisis .
Brad 's stunning lack of self-awareness , and Stiller 's pitch-perfect portrayal of it -LRB- think Greenberg , only softer -RRB- , is what keeps the film enjoyable .
It 's about looking envy and pettiness in the face , laughing at those qualities , and then shuddering out of uncomfortable recognition .
Brad 's Status may resonate with some mid-life viewers , particularly those who find themselves looking at a version of Stiller 's clenched-jaw , angst-ridden face in the mirror .
This is the rare mainstream film that addresses the complexities of real life . `` Brad 's Status '' may motivate you to question your own .
Ben Stiller plays the neurotic well , and he is excellent here as Brad ; Austin Abrams is fantastic as the laid-back son with a clear-eyed vision of how the world works .
White - whose writing credits include Chuck & Buck -LRB- in which he starred -RRB- and Nacho Libre - has made his most mature and achingly truthful film yet .
... the best performance , appropriately , comes from the actor you probably have n't heard of : Austin Abrams ...
This challenging , fascinating role is -LSB- Stiller 's -RSB- best performance to date .
-LSB- Mike -RSB- White and -LSB- Ben -RSB- Stiller go there and beyond , to slay the monsters of the id , while reveling skittishly in the perpetually neurotic human condition .
`` Brad 's Status '' gives full voice to ... midlife worries , but also to the reassurance that it 's possible to recognize the things that really matter .
It 's a reality that might best be encountered when you 're in the right mood for it .
White searches for a more contemplative vibe , landing a few jokes along the way , but he 's more interested in the itchiness of the journey , finding some painful truths and behaviors along the way .
An illuminating and sometimes annoying anatomy of a narcissistic midlife crisis ...
Ben Stiller gives a remarkable performance in `` Brad 's Status , '' particularly considering that you want to strangle him for most of the movie .
For a movie that presents itself as formally inventive , developments in Brad 's Status are a little too easy to guess .
I have a low tolerance for tales of privileged white guy ennui , so I 'm pleased to tell you that Brad 's Status , starring Ben Stiller as a dad with an existential crisis , is -LRB- twist ! -RRB- one I actually liked !
A graying -LSB- Ben -RSB- Stiller has aged nicely into these roles , displaying a sincerity that never goes over the top and using his comedic skills to deftly deflect pain when he puts his character in embarrassing situations .
Some of -LSB- Ben -RSB- Stiller 's best performances have been in roles where he inhabits a kind , gentle neuroticism , uncomfortable in his own skin but never wanting to make anyone else too uncomfortable .
There 's a better movie rattling around somewhere that never fully forms .
Mike White has orchestrated all the right choices to bring his profoundly considered screenplay to life .
Stiller does this kind of self-conscious neurotic to perfection , but this time he is subtler than ever , achieving a nuance that is something of a first .
The story is told from Brad 's point of view , and the movie is filled with his voice-over musings , fantasy sequences , and flashbacks , but it remains oddly impersonal .
A familiar , but well-conceived part for Stiller .
Brad 's Status remains grounded in reality - it 's gentle , human and unresolved . I loved it , but I do n't think I 'll ever be able to watch it again .
Watching a contemporary misanthrope wallow in self-pity and regret is n't as depressing as it sounds in this incisive and well-acted character study
Inevitably , more time will be spent mulling over the title of Brad 's Status than the film itself .
Mike White ... has produced perhaps his most personal film yet -- so personal that he risks alienating audience members who are n't like him or his titular character .
With Brad 's Status , writer-director Mike White finds a smart way to evoke a central feature of contemporary life , in a movie best understood as an extended riff on the way social media has exacerbated one of the more confounding aspects of human nature .
-LSB- Ben -RSB- Stiller might be stuck in a midlife crisis on screen , but he deepens that crisis like a pro .
As he proved in his first film , Chuck and Buck , and the TV series Enlightened , White has empathy for people on outside looking in , and Brad 's Status is his most naked - and grim - exploration of envy yet .
Brad could be a difficult person to spend 101 minutes with , but White keeps the film tart , not bitter , by both staying inside Brad 's head and letting us see how disordered his values are .
`` Brad 's Status '' is a truly entertaining film . There are a few cringe-worthy scenes , but it is not a straight comedy . Instead , it is a poignant study of what truly matters in life .
Stiller renders a remarkable performance -- subtle , thoughtful and sympathetic , but never pathetic , silly or incongruous .
White excels at writing dislikable protagonists ... while giving his characters enough humanity not to be monsters , and the potential for change .
If Brad 's emotional status were a work of art , it would look a lot like an Edvard Munch scream , or maybe a dark little corner of Dante 's Inferno .
Brad 's Status offers usefully excruciating insights into the wild swings between hubris and self-laceration that fuel our daily efforts to solidify a coherent self .
The whole film would sink like a stone if Stiller were n't so adept at playing exactly this type of man , a lonely guy who has let resentment sour nearly everything in his life .
Brad 's Status is a thoughtful and autumnal indie .
Starting from a single key insight into human behavior - the natural compulsion to compare oneself to others - White has spun a funny , empathetic and surprisingly grounded comedy that itself defies obvious comparisons .
`` Brad 's Status '' at its best is genuinely thought-provoking .
As dad obsessed with his son 's college applications , Ben Stiller is at his best in Mike White 's high-anxiety satire . Stiller and White : they make you laugh till it hurts .
In the vein of his previous screenplays for Chuck and Buck , The Good Girl and Beatriz at Dinner , White depicts the darker side of human nature with deadpan humor and daring honesty .
An entertaining , thought-provoking drama that continues to highlight Mike White as one of the intriguing voices in modern cinema .
Narcissist learns money ca n't buy happiness , or something like that , in a tepid Ben Stiller vehicle .
Clever enough , but Brad is too obnoxious to be relatable and not crazy enough to be fascinating .
White altogether avoids the sourness that marred his directorial debut , 2007 's Year Of The Dog , and he 's made a real find in Abrams , who counters Stiller 's raw neediness with hilarious disaffection .
No , you do n't have to be a middle aged father college road tripping with his son to feel how wonderful Mike White 's gentle comedy is : you just have to have an open heart and soul .
This film 's humane , sharply observant tone is strengthened by a supporting cast that navigates tricky emotional terrain .
With movies experiencing a glaring dearth in quietly human , perceptively satirical comedy , the appearance of Brad 's Status is something of a breath of fresh air .
A pure , profound pleasure , Brad 's Status effortlessly presents a story that it would be easy to dismiss yet is n't here . It 's a supremely mature work from White .
Writer-director Mike White 's screenplay juggles warmth with a caustic edge that does n't only put Brad in his place ; it sums up the essence of Stiller 's performances , giving a slew of solipsistic characters the medicine they deserve .
Does the world need another Ben-Stiller-as-malcontent-white-man movie ? When it 's as sharp a satire as writer-director Mike White has made , absolutely !
Brad 's Status is quiet and unassuming , a dramedy worth spending time with .
The film is less contemptuous of Brad than compassionate : brutally honest about his faults , yet ultimately understanding of them .
The message is too obvious and the humour too gentle for the whole affair not to feel like so much white male whining .
A hysterical comedy with such embarrassingly accurate insights and rich emotional depth that it stings deeper than most dramas .
It 's very difficult to feel anything for Brad besides absolute contempt .
Fortunately , Brad is not a real person and he stops existing as soon as credits roll . Hopefully viewers can identify his destructive habits and avoid repeating them . Do n't be that guy .
Brad 's Status is a simple yet brilliant film that is one of the biggest surprises of the year .
The movie becomes a monologue from someone you quickly realize you do n't really want to get to know .
So slight and underplayed it leaves you unsatisfied .
A droll and affecting male-midlife-crisis comedy .
While White might not make for an entirely convincing film-maker , his script still reveals his considerable skills as a humorist .

@highlight

Brad 's Status transcends its familiar premise with insightful observations and affecting interplay between stars Ben Stiller and Austin Abrams .