A solid darkly comic horror film with some strong ideas in its corner .
While the subject matter may put some off , and that ending is a stunning last-minute misstep , Mom and Dad is remarkably well-crafted ; a modern Nicolas Cage movie and sort-of-kind-of-zombie film that 's far better than it has any right to be .
This is undoubtably not a film for everyone , but anyone who dares to have a little fun will enjoy it . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
A premise worthy of Richard Matheson , without his depth ... -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Mom and Dad gets ahold of you from its opening scene and delivers an excess of everything you could desire . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
Nicolas Cage and Selma Blair 's talented feel wasted in a film that has very good ideas , but does n't know how to plant and develop on the big screen . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
In the case of Mom and Dad , Brian Taylor has found the adequate formula to tell a simple story , but also balancing the scandalous , the unsettling with fun . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Mom and Dad -RSB- takes an unnatural impulse and allows for audiences to experience a catharsis of sorts in a unique genre exploration . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Mom and Dad -RSB- is one of the most potable curiosities in the horror genre since the experiments from VHS and its sequels . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
It 's a horribly clever idea which writer director Brian Taylor uses to craft some devilishly unsettling images .
... delightfully delirious ...
Taylor 's once again managed to bundle jet black humour and monstrous excess into a terrifically entertaining package .
A brilliant , if demented , concept could have been The Purge for parenthood , but it is inadequately explored , and then abruptly dropped by a sudden ending . The entire third act of the film is missing .
Its central purpose seems to be to give Cage the chance to lose it , on repeat , for its duration .
A hilarious , knowing bit of schlock ...
Both a torrid exploitation cinema throwback , and a metaphor for a generation of kids screwed over by their elders .
The `` joke '' soon wears thin , however , and the film , with few actual ideas to express , resorts to slapdash plotting and dead-end gore .
One of those deliciously sick horror movie premises that always manage to sound cool on paper but rarely live up to their promise on screen .
It is probably best not to look for the deeper meanings in the plot and to regard Mom & Dad as a new twist on an old-fashioned survival story .
-LSB- Nicholas -RSB- Cage 's best in years .
As satire , it 's hit and miss ; as a Nicolas Cage mayhem delivery system , it 's highly effective .
Mom And Dad never quite crosses a line but it definitely enjoys getting close to it .
Brian Taylor exploits Nic Cage 's penchant for the manic for all it 's worth , but it 's Selma Blair who steals the film .
The cartoonish energy and maniacal performances keep things lively , a delivery-room sequence is simply jaw-dropping , and a punch-line involving the older generation kicks in just when it 's needed .
Granted , the delivery 's as shrill as a banshee stepping on a Lego brick , but here 's a film with something to say .
Almost ugly ultra-HD , a dated dubstep soundtrack and ketchup-splatter special effects might make a lesser film less appealing , but here these lowbrow touches work to Mom and Dad 's advantage .
Cage does crazy better than anyone , and he and Blair clearly had great fun on set as the chemistry jumps off the screen . Mom and Dad is daft and , parental/care-giver sensibilities aside , a good laugh .
Movies that burn through this much bluster usually struggle to sustain interest , but Mom & Dad is just practicing what it preaches : at 83 minutes long , it dies before it gets old .
An exploitation movie that , paradoxically , exhibits too much good taste . Still , expect `` Saws all ! '' to become a 2018 catchphrase .
Tense and hilarious and deliciously twisted from start to finish , Mom and Dad is Nicolas Cage at his maniacal best . Bloody fun !
Cage gives it his all , and then some - there 's a bizarre and lengthy flashback to the pool table he was building - but the film 's downward spiral proves stronger than his hysteria .
Nicolas Cage does crazy like no one else , but his descent into insanity here - not too far from how his character acts at the beginning of the film , really - ca n't elevate Taylor 's juvenile take on adulthood .
A high-concept , low-taste movie about virally-infected parents , programmed to attack their children . Cage offers his most exhilaratingly wacky performance since Bad Lieutenant : Port of Call New Orleans .
It 's a madly satisfying mélange of suspense and comedy , though perhaps not recommended for family viewing .
If you enjoy horrors with a comedic twist then this may be a film to take your friends out to .
Taylor writes and directs an efficient and endlessly entertaining action horror comedy that generates as many cringes as guffaws . The mechanics behind such a dark premise turning into a comedy are dicey , yet the balance is , for the most part , on point .
A gleefully trashy horror comedy .
Mom and Dad is n't good , exactly , and your enjoyment of it will depend on how much you like the gag of the central metaphor .
All that grunting and groaning you hear during the film ? A good deal of it is coming from the audience .
With an agonizing rupture of craft and common sense , it showcases a performance of screaming , over-the-top hysteria by Nicolas Cage that must be seen to be fully believed , but that is not a recommendation .
The refrain of `` My mom -LRB- dad -RRB- is gon na kill me '' is a familiar part of contemporary familiar discourse . Writer/director Brian Taylor has taken that commonplace and spun a tale that is both wickedly twisted and unnervingly satisfying .
As befits a director whose IMDB picture looks like he wants to beat you up , Mom and Dad indulges in some truly tired stereotypes of Black and Chinese people .
The central joke of the film is that the plague only exacerbates violent feelings that parents already feel for their children . Taylor finds enough ways to tell that joke to sustain interest the remaining hour of the film .
Only Christopher Walken comes close in terms of sheer , genius weird , but here it 's hardly even a near miss , not even with a Louisville Slugger . -LSB- Nicholas -RSB- Cage owns this film , dead babies , ruinous chaos , and all .
The movie 's one and only idea renders itself boring , with still half the movie left for the audience to endure .
If you 're open to it - and OK with a lot of violence - it 's an amusing , nasty satire ...
Mom and Dad may be crazy but the indie horror comedy features one of the finest performances from Nicholas Cage in recent years .
Cage and Blair , both giving their best performances in years , revel in the black comedy and social satire while also giving emotional weight to the parents ' resentment , toward the kids and each other .
Explores middle class/middle age angst with the kind of hysterical mania you 'd expect from the pairing of Cage and Brian Taylor , the director of Crank .
If it does n't entirely exploit the potency of its metaphor , there 's still a certain grim fun in seeing Taylor give `` family feud '' an outrageous new meaning .
In a tight 83 minutes , writer/director Brian Taylor sets up his absurd premise , and then runs with it . Do n't watch this one with your parents - or your children .
I 'm sure you think you already know how you 're going to feel about Mom and Dad . But it 's better than that , and in ways that you really must experience for yourself .
This premise is a hard sell , but with more dialogue and less extreme rage , Taylor could have found a better lane for his idea .
Blair and Cage operate as if not being fully committed to their roles is n't a choice , plus a late cameo care of Lance Henriksen brings the well-needed pain . And yet , none of it ever escalates past a baseline of digestible insanity .
Cage easily channels a very unhappy husband and a father 's inarticulate rage while Blair 's homicidal transformation is unnerving .
-LSB- A -RSB- gloriously weird amalgam of Parents , The Purge , and Dawn of the Dead .
For the most part , Mom and Dad is n't here to provide answers but to shock and awe - effectively doing so .
As audaciously plotted and cheerfully grotesque B-movies go , this one more or less gets the job done with equal amounts of humor , energy and inspiration .
Taylor suggests our obsession with technology can be dangerous but never develops the premise . His loopy screenplay bravely treads into taboo territory , but falls more toward shock and exploitation than perverse fun and enlightened truth .
-LSB- Nicholas -RSB- Cage recalls his `` Vampire 's Kiss '' / `` Kiss of Death '' era go-for-broke lunacy as the homicidal Dad ; it 's not quite at the inventive quality of those old , extreme performances , but still oodles of crazy fun .
This nimble , kinetic , ultra-dark horror-comedy rampages through its gleefully wicked story without overwhelming its characters .
There are enough clever touches along the way to compensate for some formulaic execution .
The film 's smart ideas give way to something typical . And up until now , `` typical '' is a word the filmmaker managed to avoid .
`` Mom and Dad '' will do just fine as an impulsive , late-night , on-demand rent . Even if it 's not quite worth two movie tickets and a baby sitter .
Cage makes Face/Off and Raising Arizona faces , but he 's actually crazier before the outbreak.He does the Hokey Pokey with sincere passion but that 's just how he expresses his midlife crisis.It 's not the alphabet but it 's something Cage has n't done before .
What Mom & Dad has to say about the ... parent-child relationship is intriguing , but how the movie says those things is at once overblown and undercooked .
What makes Mom and Dad even creepier and chilling than a standard zombie movie is the parents do n't turn into frothing-at-the-mouth , dead-eyed , robotic creatures .
A mix of survival/pandemic horror with a steady flow of pitch-black comedy coursing through its wonderfully nasty veins , Mom and Dad is just the right amount of wrong for this writer .
Billed as a horror comedy , Mom & Dad is neither funny nor scary .
The ultimate point of `` Mom and Dad '' is that it does n't take a rage virus to make a middle-aged man want to put on his old Misfits T-shirt and smash something .
Watching adults murder or attempt to murder toddlers , teens and even a newborn baby just is n't funny . At times , it 's downright sickening .
Mom Snd Dad really is n't much of a movie but it 's a terrific delivery system for a bonkers Cage performance .
Mom and Dad is just wild enough to draw in a midnight movie crowd , and fans of crazy Nicolas Cage performances wo n't go away unsatisfied .
Plays like a cross between `` Parenthood '' and `` Dawn of the Dead , '' chock full of the needlessly quaking camerawork , random editing , and screaming performances Taylor once required a partner to master .
It 's a fun effort in a genre that has n't gotten much of a workout recently , and that 's worthwhile in itself .
As you can imagine , the homicidal frenzy gives Mr. Cage plenty of opportunity to go full him , which , in this case , does n't yield as much fun as you might have hoped .
Cage and Blair are one dynamic duo , he blasting off into full-on patented Cage lunacy while she keeps things grounded with a more realistically emotional , conflicted performance .
Cage delivers one of his most vibrant performances in years . But it 's in the service of poorly choreographed action scenes and a script in which the Ryans ' midlife crisis is set up by an awkward flashback .
At one point -LSB- Cage -RSB- sledgehammers a pool table to smithereens while singing the `` Hokey Pokey , '' and honestly : That 's what it 's all about .
... would grow wearying if it did n't also have such a wicked sense of humor .
It basks in its wicked thoughts but does n't have the slightest idea or inclination of how to act on them .
I watched the theatrical trailer for `` Mom and Dad '' and my first thought was , `` This looks whacked ! '' Then , I saw the movie . I stand by my original thought - it is whacked !
Think The Happening , but only parents get affected - and the movie 's actually good this time around .
Think `` Home Alone '' meets `` Straw Dogs '' -- with a crazed Nicolas Cage thrown in -- and you 've got an idea of the lunacy in store .
While the goal is to entertain with violence and gore , the concept is still a metaphor for how parents feel behind closed doors .
Writer-director Brian Taylor 's Mom and Dad invests a hoary conceit with disturbing and hilarious lunacy .
An absurdist black comedy from the director of `` Jonah Hex . ''
Makes fun of parents ' murdering their children . A flop that lacks even entertainment value .
Nicolas Cage obviously is n't going to win Best Actor here , but he should be placed into consideration for Psychotic Dad of the Year
Mom And Dad is frenetic without being particularly gripping , especially once the novelty of its monstrous premise wears off .
It 's an instantly classic moment of unhinged mania in the Oscar-winner Cage 's career .
A B-movie with Nicolas Cage the way we like him , uncaged and unhinged .
A `` bad movie '' that has the makings of a cult classic . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Mom and Dad is a really fun treatise on the stress of parenthood and the ways in which it can warp even the most loving minds now and then
The degree to which Mom & Dad ultimately disappoints is nothing short of staggering ...
Mom and Dad has nothing new to say about our dead-eyed materialism and the whitewashed suburbias , like any good horror film , its main priority is to entertain the viewer .
If you get excited by the thought of Nicolas Cage destroying a pool table via sledgehammer while screaming The Hokey Pokey , Mom And Dad is the movie for you .
I 'd never thought I 'd call a Brian Taylor movie `` surprisingly tame '' . And yet here we are .
Nicolas Cage is going to get all the accolades for his unhinged acting here , which is a shame because Selma Blair is absolutely great in this , matching both the tone of the script and the maniac she has to work with perfectly .
What could have been a cynical , sadistic and cold deconstruction of the family unit-The Belko Experiment set in the home rather than at the office-is much more good-natured and straightforwardly enjoyable than this synopsis may suggest .
Kind of feels like half a movie and only half of that is any good .
`` Mom and Dad '' has the same depraved verve , sick humor and berserk pulse of the `` Crank '' series , and what 's more , marries all that to an operatic Nicolas Cage performance in full on nutzoid mode .
Rock and shock -LSB- Nicholas Cage -RSB- does , like an old-school entertainer or an evil clown possessed by enough energy to wake the dead , or lower still a film critic bludgeoned by festival excesses .
-LSB- Selma -RSB- Blair and -LSB- Nicholas -RSB- Cage do a good a job of flipping between dysfunctional comedy and zany insanity in the third act .
Deliriously flies over-the-top with a bad taste premise for the sake of sick laughs and B-movie bliss .
A demented blast
The kind of rip-snorting , relatively cheap and cheerful black comedy the industry does n't make enough of anymore , Mom & Dad is a deliciously lurid throwback ...
Tanscends mere bad-taste humor to become one of the great jet-black comedies about suburbia , destined for the same cult-classic status accorded `` The Stepford Wives , '' `` Parents '' and `` Heathers . ''
There 's something refreshingly upfront about Mom and Dad .
It 's just incredibly fun to watch Nicolas Cage destroy a pool table with a sledgehammer while he sings the Hokey Pokey .

@highlight

Mom and Dad 's gonzo premise serves as an effective springboard for a wickedly dark , bloody comedy - and an appropriately over-the-top performance from Nicolas Cage .