-LSB- Fed Up -RSB- will appeal to the same audience that enjoys the self-righteous indignation that accompanies any Michael Moore film .
A well-researched film that presents medical science and statistical trends in an easily digestible fashion .
Fed Up is a documentary about choice and accountability , but it 's awfully picky about whose choice and whose accountability are to be evaluated . The result is a documentary about sugar that should probably be taken with a grain of salt .
Wow ... talk about sobering food for thought ...
Fixating on the fat rolls of underprivileged kids without mentioning class , the film is a more polished version of the greasy tale Morgan Spurlock 's Super Size Me told from the inside out .
The film is more adept at placing blame than offering solutions , but it should serve as a call to action for those viewers who walk into the theater with a jumbo popcorn and soda .
Fed Up makes a convincing case for how profiteering factory food corporations conspire to hook people on addictive ingredients they pack into their products . Along with weirdly coopting Michelle Obama to deceptively promote exercise as the obesity cure .
Fed Up , for the most part , boasts the feel of a short news piece that 's somehow been expanded to feature length ...
... an entertaining message movie that ironically mirrors the easy-to-consume junk that is its subject .
It 's a decent summary of the issue , taking square aim at corporations and politicians who have made it easy for the citizenry to stuff its collective face with junk food and , even more damaging , sugar .
Everything we 've been taught is wrong .
An eye-opening , heartbreaking , humorous and hopeful harangue about the REAL causes of America 's childhood obesity epidemic .
I 'm not as angry reflecting on the nonfiction jumble `` Fed Up '' as I was during its slovenly length , but from modest distance , it still feels like a ruinously wasted opportunity , an inconvenient botch .
Director Stephanie Soechtig gathers activists , doctors , kids , lobbyists , parents , politicians , reporters and teachers -- all with different stakes .
Exposé against America 's nutritional war on itself is informative , passionate , slightly regurgitated .
Stephanie Soechtig 's potentially life-changing documentary Fed Up has the look and feel of an extended 60 Minutes investigative news segment . Except that it 's much , much more .
Thumbnail portraits of morbidly obese kids introduce a plaintive note to the argument , especially since , as the documentary notes , many school cafeterias are now indistinguishable from fast-food joints .
One of the worst sins a documentary can commit is assessing a situation and saying , `` If everyone could just stop caring about money , things would get so much better . ''
I 'll bet when employees clean up the theater after a screening , they find lots of half-drunk Cokes and half-eaten popcorn boxes .
Shocking and eye-opening , this documentary sheds light on why -- in the midst of a health food craze -- our nation 's obesity problem is only getting worse .
As its punning title suggests , ` Fed Up ' is the rare movie about food more likely to make you angry than hungry .
It 's the sugar , stupid ! Fed Up 's heart is in the right place , but it 's a bit bloated as a documentary .
`` Fed Up '' gets to feeling like a special nightly news report . But as news reports go , it is an especially thorough and well-produced one , taking an in-depth look at America 's worsening obesity epidemic and pointing fingers at culprits
Fed Up is on to a very important truth : we 're all going to die of sugar if we do n't start talking about it like the delicious cigarette it is .
`` Fed Up '' has trouble staying on point . But when it does , it 's pretty solid .
The effect is stark , disturbing and inspirational , if you are willing to listen .
Stephanie Soechtig 's documentary lays waste to the cruel , dismissive assessment that corpulence is simply a reflection of a lack of personal willpower .
Style alone does n't make a great documentary , substance does , and on that count Fed Up absolutely delivers .
The film 's real strength is actually in Katie Couric 's refined news-anchor delivery , and her skill , charm , and celebrity likely opened some doors .
Here 's another inconvenient truth . Our food is killing us . And that 's because of something even more poisonous , the corruption of our political system through diversion of corporate money to politicians through campaign contributions and lobbying .
Fed Up is imperative viewing for just about anyone in America who is currently eating food .
You wo n't look at grocery store aisles the same way after you 've seen Fed Up .
You do n't want to be downing Raisinets while watching this film .
As the new documentary Fed Up proves a few times over , the blame for all the blubber spreads wider than a pair of Mr. Big and Tall pants .
-LSB- Fed Up -RSB- should spark a culture-wide debate that can only be healthy for society , if not for Coca-Cola or McDonald 's bottom line .
We 're fat . I get it . A PSA disguised as a documentary . Pay to get lectured by Katie Couric ? I pass .
Toggling between profiles of kids struggling with their weight and a wider look at the evolution of processed foods , `` Fed Up '' presents a pretty watertight case that there 's something deeply wrong with the way we eat .
The information is arguably compelling , and disturbing , but something about the whole delivery mode turned me off .
The information contained in the film is important - and the message is still a vital one because the problem is ongoing .
Even if you dispute the facts , one thing is clear : As a nation , we are fat , and getting fatter .
This movie imagines it is telling you this information for the first time , and it 's very proud of itself for the perceived ingenuity of its message .
Satisfies the hunger of those who normally consume issue films if no one else ... it 's just not a doc that will reach far enough .
Stephanie Soechtig 's attack on Big Food for sweetening us to death goes down like a tart , stiff drink .
Fed Up is an intriguing but hardly revelatory doc that works better as an expose of an American epidemic than as a tool to spur a healthy-eating movement .
Before `` Fed Up , '' no movie had ever sent me hurrying to my refrigerator to read food labels - but there 's always a first time .
Fed Up will change the way you look at junk food . Or at least the companies that peddle it .
A compelling wake-up call in the form of a feature-length documentary .
-LSB- `` Fed Up '' makes the case :] There is a major health problem in America and it is not being addressed by those who can change things , the government and the industries that control our food supply .
As a screed , it builds a credible , engaging argument , presenting evidence , statistics , talking-head testimony , whimsical charts , poignant personal stories , and animated illustrations of digestive processes to make its case .
A very good advocacy documentary directed by Stephanie Soechtig and narrated by Katie Couric .
Fed Up , unbothered by its often crude mode of attack , is definitely mad as hell . And its muckraking spirit , an anomaly in the age of giving in , is inspiring .
`` Fed Up '' is n't so much a warning to the ignorant shopper or a tip for the unimaginative chef as it is a rallying cry . It succeeds in firing up the choir . Whether it will convert the complacent is an open question .
... although Dr. Atkins may not have gotten everything right , clearly he was a forerunner in understanding a lot of what 's chewed on in `` Fed Up , '' without receiving even a passing mention
It pulls no punches in its informed outrage against the food industry , zeroing in on the rampant use of sugar and its many multisyllabic variations .
`` The government is subsidizing the obesity epidemic , '' says food writer Michael Pollan . `` Fed Up '' will make you want to do something about it .
Some lessons are overfamiliar -LRB- almonds good , corn syrup bad -RRB- , but the section on corporate influence over school lunches is enough to make you spit out that 20-ounce soda from the concession stand .
This new documentary aims for something very difficult : It takes a tired subject -- the obesity epidemic -- and completely reframes the conversation .
The film gets its point across ably enough using journalism that it does n't really need four fat teenagers to record video diaries about their unhappiness with their weight and their inability to do anything about it .
Without being preachy about it , Fed Up flat-out tells us that it is indeed past time to be fed up -- to insist that action be taken , and take it ourselves . This film is a bracing wake-up call .
Despite the film 's worthy goals , there are some empty calories .
We are eating ourselves into oblivion ; talk about an inconvenient truth . When will we notice ? More importantly , when will we do something about it ?
A surprisingly in-depth and confrontational examination into the obesity epidemic among Americans , especially children , over the last 30 years .
Fed Up is a workmanlike documentary , as undistinguished in style as a PowerPoint slide show . It nonetheless finds traction in its depiction of the food industry 's Montgomery Burns-like practices .
Stop the presses ! In this well-edited doc , Katie Couric tells us to pass on the soda and consume lots of whole grains , fruits and veggies !
Stephanie Soechtig 's documentary effectively gets the message out about America 's addiction to unhealthy food .
Fed Up is poised to be the Inconvenient Truth of the health movement . -LRB- Which makes sense - producer Laurie David worked on both . -RRB-

@highlight

Compelling and troubling in equal measure , Fed Up is an advocacy documentary that earns its outrage .