Certainly , the sex was exciting , as well as controversial . But Plato 's Retreat also represented an effort to think through the mores behind monogamy , to challenge assumptions and imagine an alternative .
A scary reminder of the potentially-disastrous physical and emotional consequences of indiscriminate mating .
The pearls of wisdom are best extracted from the minds of those who stood on the front line , people who walked into the seminal fluid line of fire and lived to tell the tale .
The film treats Levenson 's rapid descent as if someone had turned on the lights at a sex party : scurrying away with pity and irritation that the good times had to end .
Ca n't get it up .
There 's glossy surface engagement as an artifact snapshot of the sexual revolution , but everything about American Swing is only thumbnail-deep ; it does n't have , ahem , the rigorous thrust necessary to leave a lasting impression .
A poorly-done documentary that manages to make the phenomenon of swinging boring .
An essential document to the rich history of New York , `` American Swing '' is too short sighted for the vision of its controversial subject .
American Swing does n't have a particularly well-defined point of view , but it is a succinct , entertaining and valuable record of a time that in some ways now seems as remote as the Roaring '20s .
In the end , the impression is n't that much different from one given by the club 's own hairy habitues -- lots of sleazy charm , pounds of gold chains and a smarmy shallowness that goes very , very deep .
A lively and moderately engaging documentary , but its lack of thorough explorations leave you feeling slightly empty , underwhelmed and yearning for more insights .
Although American Swing pointedly goes out of its way to include positive testimonials from several women who patronized the club , it leaves you feeling queasy .
American Swing is an entertaining , oddly affectionate portrait of Plato 's Retreat 's Larry Levenson , and a brash , grainy , warts % u2013and-all Polaroid of an era of sexual history .
Interesting and concise documentary about the positive and destructive effects of casual sex .
Directors Jon Hart and Matthew Kaufman do n't delve deeply enough into the psyche of club founder Larry Levenson or the culture he exploited . But they do present an entertaining snapshot of his brief reign as New York 's self-appointed King of Swing .
American Swing could use the flair of similar portraits of disco-era debauchery like Boogie Nights or Inside Deep Throat , but it 's even-handed in capturing the operation 's ambition and hubris . Just do n't bring an appetite .
Repetitive , narratively fractured , and padded with more hardcore inserts than hardcore facts , this amateurish documentary about the disco-era Manhattan sex club Plato 's Retreat skimps on context and basic information . It 's a fan site on celluloid .
A shrewdly made documentary about the rise and fall of Plato 's Retreat , the infamous Manhattan sex club of the '70s and '80s .
Though sweetly reminding us that some outer-borough suburbanites did find liberation at Plato 's , the film tries -- and fails -- to swing both ways , nostalgically glorifying its subject only to smugly revel in Levenson 's ignominious demise .
The filmmakers never adequately confront the complex nature of the iconic locale .
And what of New York 's disco-era gays ? They 're written out of the story here just as decisively as they were written out of Levenson 's version of utopia .
The tantalizing combination of â -LRB- TM -RRB- 70s New York nostalgia and public orgies at the infamous sex club Plato 's Retreat fails to meet its storytelling potential .


@highlight

While American Swing covers a fascinating subject , its amateur documentary treatment does it no favors .