Conventional thrillers operate by being stingy with details . Petzold does the opposite ; the result is a tense , controlled film that never feels constricting .
... where there 's a rough , stormy beauty to this seaside village , it 's also something of a prison without walls , which is not lost on this inmate .
Hoss is such a star , one of the finest actresses in the world . Her work with Petzold is exceptional , but I find myself wondering what Fassbinder would have done with her .
A quietly tense drama ... builds slowly to its conclusion , as subtly powerful as it is inevitable .
It persuades us early on that its aura of political tension and suspicion , its taciturnity , its very strictness of silent observation as it begins , are fostering an intelligent thriller .
Barbara offers us historically motivated immorality offset by some heartfelt sensitivity , a side order of depression , and finishes off with some ennobling hope . It 's definitely one of the best foreign films of the year .
This is a remarkably subtle movie , spending most of its energy zeroing in on the clenched face of its heroine , looking for cracks .
A low-key , tenuous romance characterised by its sparse , deliberately paced storytelling .
Though the film runs a mere 105 minutes , it weighs on viewers like an eternity .
Petzold handles personal , formal and political concerns in such harmony that it 's difficult , and not especially desirable , to separate one from the next .
A quietly absorbing character study .
Is n't a tightly wound story of sacrifice , yet its distance is alluring , retaining secrets and motivations , building to a satisfying conclusion .
An intelligent , mature love triangle ... It also functions as a tense , rarefied thriller about escape from a police state , as well the kind of medical procedural drama audiences gorge upon .
That sense of nervous dislocation that the viewer feels in the first few scenes - Where am I ? Who is this person ? Is she friend or foe ? - efficently evokes the muted terror that its characters feel .
Petzold renders Communist oppression in a provocatively muted manner .
The movie examines the possibility of maintaining one 's humanity in a truly oppressive society .
Hoss , wearing her blond hair pulled back tight , and wearing an expression of inscrutable melancholy , gives a performance that does n't feel like a performance at all .
Stories of characters like Barbara continue to have meaning , even in a `` free '' society .
The occasional ravings of the patients , ringing off the walls in Petzold 's measured quiet , provide an appropriate backdrop to the heroine 's need for freedom , yet the movie 's politics never trump its humanity .
This is well-trod ground for Petzold , but never has it been so fully realized , so palpable , as in `` Barbara . ''
Engrossing Cold War thriller and love story set in East Germany in 1980 .
In short , the failures in storytelling detract from the film , despite its sensitivities , its subtleties and its final payoff of personal sacrifice .
A meticulously crafted drama in which the depiction of character , place and circumstance evolves slowly and with intrigue , Barbara is gripping cinema
This well acted political melodrama , set during the Cold War , is Germany 's entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar .
Hoss ' outstanding performance is a deep well of subtle yet unmistakable motives and reactions .
A crafty filmmaker , Petzold gives us information in increments . During the first half of his movie , which he co-wrote , we are all but left to our own devices ; yet it is fascinating , and appropriate .
Hoss is fantastic . Barbara is ice cold at the start , understandably so . Yet Hoss makes her sympathetic .
Worth seeing ... both for Petzold 's singular aesthetic and for Hoss , who as usual is a riveting presence .
A well-observed , compelling , and evocative character piece , haunted by the ghosts of Germany 's recent past .
Feels like total immersion into the sights , stresses , and the subtle solidarity among middle-class professionals living in the workers ' paradise that Petzold 's parents fled .
-LSB- R -RSB- esides somewhere in an unsatisfying borderland between drama and thriller , never quite catching fire as either ...
A superbly crafted low-boil drama that gets its hooks into you the old-fashioned way , through character , and highlights the difficulties and cost of living by principles .
Subtly intriguing and ambiguous , it 's filled with suspicion and subterfuge .
Despite the limited scope of its predictable narrative , `` Barbara '' remains a compelling character study thanks to Nina Hoss 's enigmatic performance in the title role .
-LSB- Leaves -RSB- you drained and horrified .
Christian Petzold 's latest thriller threatens to cross over the line from minimalism to nihilism .
Sometimes , the sun shines and the wind blows fresh and the very elements that make for intense hardship also open a window on intense joy .
Hoss is mesmerizing as a woman who holds it all together to the point of losing herself .
Both insightful and poignant , but not mawkish ... an intriguing character study set against the backdrop of a dark time in history .
It 's one terrific film , as smart , thoughtful and emotionally involving as just about anything that 's out there .
It 's a quiet film built of careful details .
`` Barbara '' re-visits the quiet , everyday tragedies of the Iron Curtain era , when paranoia ran deep and for very good reasons .
The plotting , the planning and the deepening relationships do n't make for kinetic action , but they are the foundation for a smart , engrossing film .
Lit from within , like a lantern ; Petzold has made a nighttime movie that ends right on the edge of dawn .
`` Barbara '' is a film about the old Germany from one of the best directors working in the new : Christian Petzold .
Hoss ' acting is a marvel of subtlety ; her body language is precisely calibrated to reveal a great deal about the character 's inner feelings by the slightest changes of posture and facial expression .
... a slow building character study where looks and actions speak louder than words because of an oppressive political climate .
The movie 's quiet power comes from its air of meticulously maintained suspicion .
A sturdy suspense story , set in Stasi-infected East Germany , rich in moral compromise , individual integrity and general desperation , it 's elevated by Hoss to something sublime and unforgettable ...
Barbara is Hoss ' fifth film with Petzold , and the movie rests on the depth and subtlety of their working relationship .
An intimate meditation on freedom set in East Germany at the end of the Cold War , but this time , it 's personal .
Somehow , in this stirring narrative , Barbara manages to keep hold of her principles , and her humanity and courage , and battles to save a dissident teenage girl whose life the Communists are trying to destroy .
No special effect this year comes close to what Hoss can accomplish with simple but unbearably explosive eye contact .
A transfixing Cold War thriller set in the East Germany of 1980 ...
For those who like this sort of hyper-controlled , hugely intelligent work , Barbara will be a must .
Barbara takes place in a world of such profound paranoia that it 's never certain whether the title character is being overly cautious or reckless .
A subtle work acted with restraint illustrating a woman 's conflict between duty and desire .
This wise and incisively crafted drama brings simmering intelligence and a dry , sardonic compassion to bear on its tale of two doctors slowly worming their way into each other 's hearts and minds .
Tightly crafted East German drama delivers strong performances and late rewards .
A superby-crafted paranoia story ...
An enthralling little gem .
This is a film of consequence , and it 's good to be reminded of how much better life is for most people in eastern Europe than it was a quarter of a century ago .
Director Christian Petzold 's fifth collaboration with muse Nina Hoss often feels like a Douglas Sirk melodrama tinged with a bittersweet `` ostalgia '' for the repressions and privations of 1980s East Germany .
The weird oppression and seediness of the times is elegantly captured , and Hoss coolly conveys Barbara 's highly strung desperation .
With Barbara , Petzold earns his stripes among Europe 's great auteurs .
The film is tensely watchable ; I only wish , to re-invoke a master , there was more Hitchcock .
Petzold 's depiction of the East German countryside is all fresh air , warm light and open space : it 's a nice visual counterpoint to the sticky moral climate of mutual suspicion ...
We 're told this was a Soviet outcrop with constraints on all forms of expression - and low and behold , with the upmost reverence , here 's the artistic homage .
As a film , Barbara is as opaque as its glacial protagonist : Barbara is all about showing and not telling .
This stylish , but rather dull , German drama has good intentions and some strong performances but unfortunately Barbara fails to entice , enchant and entertain , thanks to its unlikeable lead character and discouraging slow pace .
Hoss gives a discreet , thought-provoking performance .
An engaging drama that shows how courage and compassion can change lives in the twinkling of an eye .
Tough and tender , it 's the best Iron Curtain drama since The Lives Of Others .
Not only has director Christian Petzold assembled a fascinating hill of beans , but there 's a moonlit scene that almost alone justifies his Silver Bear win at Berlin .
Most compelling in Barbara , Christian Petzold 's latest , is the way the filmmaker adeptly conducts his tides of Cold War paranoia .


@highlight

Smart , solidly grafted , and thoroughly gripping , Barbara offers a deliberately paced , subtly powerful character study .