A doozy character study about a fixer .
Cut beneath the financial wheeling-and-dealing , and `` Norman '' is a surprisingly thoughtful film .
This is a fine little film , with a good performance from Gere -LRB- doing a downmarket version of his more typical slick-businessman roles -RRB- and a supporting cast that includes Michael Sheen , Steve Buscemi and Charlotte Gainsbourg .
`` Norman '' stays with you , thanks to Gere 's empathetic embodiment of a `` wanna-be '' who is just a footnote in the lives of others .
It 's not the great return of Richard Gere , but it comes close . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Richard Gere is -RSB- at times submissive and accomodating ; in others , noble and loyal . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
While there 's something deeply fascinating about the psychology of those in this tale , Cedar gives us one of the more frustrating characters to try to understand in quite some time .
Gere is the center of the film ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
-LSB- Richard -RSB- Gere exposes his best facet . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
The takeaway-that emotional avarice is indeed an expense , that when it comes to indebting ourselves , we are all anonymous donors-is an affiliation we ca n't afford to ignore .
It is hard to believe , but Gere truly disappears inside the small shell of this man who is forever fighting to be seen .
The story feels a bit hollow . As sympathetic as Gere often is , his character is written as an empty archetype , who ca n't quite sustain the whole movie .
I would n't have thought Gere could play a wannabe macher -LRB- Yiddish for someone who gets things done -RRB- , but he 's on target . For him , Norman was a risk worth taking .
The title Norman : The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer accurately summarizes the central character 's trajectory suggesting that the interest lies in the narrative 's unfolding and the man at its center .
Continuing his run of terrific latter-career performances , Richard Gere shines as a shyster who politely lies and exaggerates his way through the New York business world .
Gere , who thus far has been unrecognized by the Academy , is flat-out brilliant and deserves Oscar attention .
We watch with morbid fascination as Gere talks up , down , around and in circles trying to stave off the inevitable .
Richard Gere is great to behold .
Richard Gere 's performance in Joseph Cedar 's drama brings to life a proud but desperate man scrambling to save face .
It 's a light-footed shimmy of a performance from Gere , who connects us with an unexpected dignity in the soul of this professional parasite .
From the first snowy scenes around Central Park and the Upper West Side , the city and the portrait of Norman 's place in it are mesmerising .
I 've had enough of Gere 's breathtaking golden years tour de force performances . Because they 're starting to look like screen-chewing .
With its conceit of a ludicrously under-skilled man assuming a position of unearned influence , it has acquired , between shooting and release , a depressing relevance .
Aside from Gere 's mesmerisingly spot-on performance , there 's also splendid work from Michael Sheen as his long-suffering lawyer nephew and Charlotte Gainsbourg 's canny Israeli bureaucrat .
Remains very engaging thanks to a melancholy , deeply sympathetic performance from Gere and a strong supporting cast that includes Michael Sheen , Dan Stevens and Steve Buscemi .
Cedar might have built up a broader satirical thesis from all this wheeling and dealing , but he 's happy to let the film rest gently on Gere 's shoulders - these days , a pretty safe foundation .
Norman is quietly excellent . It 's also another example of how Gere is going through a brilliant third act in his long and distinguished career .
It 's like an Arthur Miller play gone large-screen , complete with act divisions , and Israeli writer-director Joseph Cedar 's script has a Miller-worthy density of moral wit .
Though this title is profound in parts , and even moving too - you always anticipate the Curb Your Enthusiasm soundtrack to kick in every time Norman gets himself into a spot of bother .
We 're in a cut-throat world of politics and schmoozing but the wistful music and playful chapter titles give the film the feel of a folk tale or of a slightly darker version of a Woody Allen comedy .
A film that intelligently approaches the portrait of a successor , someone who with his business card and lies -LRB- or half truths -RRB- ends up having the infinite power of the swindlers . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An entertaining film with several virtues beyond the phenomenal work of Richard Gere , but is missing a lot to be just an `` ok '' movie . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Ultimately , the film is best viewed as a character study , with Gere 's finely honed work ensuring that Norman remains a character worth studying .
Sophisticated , classy and well-acted , this is proof positive that smart storytelling can still be found outside a box set .
Plain , needy , strangely dignified and compulsively watchable -- it 's the performance of -LSB- Gere 's -RSB- career .
Even when the film founders , which it does at times , you ca n't help but be fascinated by Norman .
While elegantly shot , the film becomes little more than a two-hour character study , showcasing the depths of Gere 's talent .
This comic tragedy is n't something that 'll blow you away , but I ca n't stop admiring the neat turns that this thing takes .
Norman centers on a man who , by all logic , should be too insufferable and impossible to follow . Yet thanks to Joseph Cedar 's writing and Richard Gere 's emoting , Norman Oppenheimer is instead a figure worthy of attention and sympathy .
Cedar simply makes `` Norman '' a modest gem from start to finish , including one marvelous scene that gives Gere 's wide-eyed title character his brief place in the sun . It just might be the movie moment of the year .
Norman is a delightfully wry black dramedy , enhanced by its sophisticated political intrigue and the seamier side of our era 's current obsession with `` networking . ''
While the subtitle says it all - there 's no way Norman can actually get over in a ruthless world he only thinks he understands - Cedar has crafted a bright and modest movie about ordinary people running up against their limitations .
As off-putting as it initially is seeing the star of An Officer and a Gentleman get his Larry David on , you 'll eventually roll with it and discover that Gere is quite good at playing a delusional but well-meaning mensch .
Norman sneaks up on you . And Richard Gere , playing against type in the title role , will pleasantly surprise you .
Much like its lead character , Norman is touching , funny , smart and memorable . Audiences should seek him out .
A lot about Israeli writer-director Joseph Cedar 's movie is never quite clear , and the filmmaker 's oddball style only adds to the disjointed feel of the story .
It 's wholly unexpected , just as Gere 's understated and thoughtful portrayal of Norman 's ambitions , insecurities and delusions will be for some viewers .
Everyone uses everyone in Norman , a beguiling portrait of a man who uses people as stepping-stones for his life 's journey . It is a wonderful showcase for an Richard Gere ... a haunting glimpse of human behaviour and its interactions
It 's an achievement in plotting that 's an utter failure of character writing .
Ranks among the best political satires ... is already one of the most relevant films of the year ... Creates a mensch -LSB- with -RSB- Gere 's transformative and touching performance .
A charming drama about a wheeler-dealer who genuinely wants to connect people .
Despite a climax and denouement that are conveniently scripted to favor classic tragedy over believability , the film is a sharp and keenly etched study of a man who would be the sidekick to kings .
Originally subtitled `` The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer , '' this is an accurate summation of the trajectory we see Norman take in the film - coming so close to what he wants , only to crash to earth aflame like some tweed-clad Icarus .
Gere , who somehow seems to make himself physically smaller here , creates a character both infuriating and endearing .
Gere takes every blunt instrument of rejection ... and through his face and body language alone , turns them into razor blades of self-doubt . It 's a deft performance that possesses the dramatic footwork needed to dance around the awkward mise-en-scene .
A schmoozing , cautionary tale about ambition gone awry .
Gere is brilliant in this character study/satire of Manhattan 's Mobius loop of Jewish power , influence and interests .
It 's a showcase for Gere 's talents , and his performance goes a long way toward making a flawed movie worth seeing .
`` Norman '' is a small character study of a classic wannabe - think `` The King of Comedy , '' set in the world of Jewish politics - and when it gets bogged down in international intrigue it loses its way .
A strange film , alternately credible and ludicrous , compelling and dull , darkly funny and gloomily depressing , though bolstered by a star turn that 's basically a stunt but is still an enjoyable one .
Norman may be a mere wannabe , but `` Norman '' is a small gem .
Is Norman a macher , a schnorrer or a mensch ? Thanks to the filmmaker 's sensitive touch and Gere 's sympathetic performance , he gets to be all three . And that calls for mazel tovs all around .
Norman is pitched somewhere between comedy and character-driven drama , succeeding as neither .
Norman 's thoughtful dramatic construction , built around a central symbol of a pair of shoes , addresses politician 's voracious desire to ` go places , ' ever outpacing forethought of where that ambition will take them ...
The year 's most Jewish movie , with a mostly gentile cast . It 's such a counterintuitive film that it 's shocking how well it works -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
A sneakily moving story about how friendship -- heck , all human connection -- has devolved from love thy neighbor to a what-can-you-do-for-ME transaction .
Gere is brilliant ; the role is unappealing . You decide .
Gere delightfully soft-shoes his way through Norman , surfacing the character 's loneliness without unduly exploiting it .
Norman unfolds with the elegance and intricacy of an O. Henry short story .
A memorable portrait of a scrounge who finally finds his place in the world .
Gere , almost 70 but still spry , manages to be at once likeable and infuriating in the role of Norman . We may question the means to that moderate rise , but surely he does n't deserve such a tragic fall either .
Gere ... deserves to be remembered at awards time .
For all the shining steel and glass , the movie has the old-world feel of a Jewish folktale , rooted not in a particular time or place but in the moral universe .
It offers the qualities of a finely nuanced , funny entertainment with serious moments that are biting without being cruel , poignant without seeming solemn .
Gere revels in the nuances of the role ; in its attention to both detail and larger affect , this really is one of his finest performances ...
In its spirit , the film is wonderfully , improbably generous -- just like its none-too-honest hero .
Gere is very good , offering glimpses of the emptiness behind Norman 's smile rather than going bigger with the craven mugging the part seems to invite .
In Norman , Richard Gere gives the most maddening , annoying performance of his career -- all by design .
Gere gives one of his better performances ... What he needed was a good editor with sharp scissors and a director who had a better understanding of pace . As good as the film is , it was hard to stay awake throughout .
The actor disappears inside Norman Oppenheimer 's skin as he 's written , but Norman the man seems to not really exist .
An entertaining lead performance engages us in the manic world of a protagonist who , in real life , we 'd want to shoo away . But too much plot and not enough cohesiveness undermine the movie 's emotional impact and narrative clarity .
Gere 's work in Norman is to be treasured . It 's one of the best performances in any movie this year .
Gere , his Cheshire-cat smile only improving with age , has found his most essential role , one that pushes his smooth operator 's desperation to the limit .
Norman possesses no core values we can detect , no personal history we can be sure of , and no sense of ethics we can confirm . Tragically , we ca n't empathize with such a shape-shifting character we know so little about .
Mr. Gere saves the day , investing Norman with sad , quirky mannerisms and a variety of desperate character revelations that make him tragic and lovable at the same time .
There is no reason anyone should like Norman - in the wrong hands you 'd walk out of the theater five minutes after the movie started . But Cedar and Gere make Norman someone you root for , after a fashion .
Gere has never been better , more alive , on screen .
Gere , cast against type , could n't be better . In a career of only good performances , this is one of his best .
Norman is highly recommended .
Gere , who uses the vocal inflections of a toned down Woody Allen , is never less than sympathetic , his attempts to be meaningful to the powerful always as genuinely well intentioned as they are grasping .
Makes us root for the guy who is the author of his own troubles , but whose innate decency is a shining beacon in a world of ethical compromise .
It 's an unalloyed pleasure to admire Gere , the former heartthrob now 66 , in the finest role of his career .
Richard Gere has always been at his best when cast as a species of con artist , and in Norman : The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer , he gets a chance to show off his motormouth trickster skills .
It is because of Gere 's stellar performance that `` Norman '' proves an intriguing and captivating film .
Downfall of a would-be dealmaker in talky , mature drama .
In Richard Gere 's deft , veteran hands , Norman Oppenheimer is consistently , completely fascinating . You may not be able to root for him , but you ca n't help but feel for him .
` Norman ' is a reminder of Gere 's specific gifts as an actor , and how they 've been taken for granted far too long .
Director and star make for a good pair here , constructing a very specific kind of tale with a certain amount of universal appeal .
A pretty good movie featuring a very good turn from Gere .
Gere hurls himself into the role of Norman with an abandon his character would savor ... perpetually wide-eyed , his hair tousled like a 5-year-old 's .
This delicate , novelistic character study is what more American independent films would be like if more were made by thoughtful grown-ups who gravitated toward nuance and complexity .
A minor New York masterpiece .
`` Norman '' traces fault lines , more cultural and temperamental than ideological or religious , between the members of the diaspora -LRB- or at least the New York wing of it -RRB- and their cousins in the Promised Land .
Cedar is well attuned to the Manhattan-Jerusalem-Tel Aviv nexus . He gets excellent performances from Gere - playing partway against type as a charmer who 's unnervingly hot rather than reassuringly cool - and the rest of the cast .
The result is a rewarding study of a man trying desperately to escape his own insignificance , and a beautiful , nuanced piece of acting by Richard Gere .
Gere jabbers amusingly , and there 's something touching in his Norman 's persistence .
Gere tones down his star charisma and hits a new career peak as a Jewish fixer on the ropes in Joseph Cedar 's compulsively watchable character study .
A mesmerizing Richard Gere headlines this political thriller that 's equal parts funny and cautionary tale .
This is one of Gere 's best performances , somehow both transparent and opaque ...
Writer-director Joseph Cedar charts Norman 's rise-and-fall arc with the attention to detail of a procedural .
Cedar plays Norman 's story for tragedy but never develops his inner identity , his history , or his ideals ; the protagonist and his drama remain anecdotal and superficial .
A subtle tragi-comic view of a man who appears to offer the world to people he befriends but does not really offer them anything at all .
The tragedy stems from Richard Gere 's superb portrayal of `` a drowning man waving at an ocean liner '' - demolishing his elegant image with a study of bottomless need and misapplied largesse
Gere 's commitment to the role almost makes up for the film 's flaws . The quirk might not always work but Norman remains compelling .
It can take a TV series an entire season to establish a political intrigue as elaborate as the one Cedar devises here - and even longer to flesh out such a fascinating protagonist ...

@highlight

Norman 's elegantly told story is brought brilliantly to life by a quietly powerful performance from Richard Gere .