Although the script relies on gross-out body humor more often than it needs to , it manages to be deeper and more resonant than most girls gone wild comedies . A truly enjoyable trip .
It 's not at all an unpleasant movie , it 's just one that drifts from one party and hook-up to another , without ever really stopping to say or do anything of note . It is because Ib-iz -LRB- a -RRB- .
Ibiza is everything a Netflix movie should be : super fun with lots of laughs and a great , sexy romance .
Sex and drugs in stale , raunchy romcom .
One of those movies that 's going to appeal to anyone who believes in true love ... or simply acted like a straight fool on vacation with their buddies .
The film merely seems to be a piggybacking on the latest trend in comedy .
For what is essentially a 90-minute J Balvin music video with comedic interludes , Ibiza is a surprisingly solid comedy .
Richanbach keeps `` Ibiza '' flowing along as fast as possible , creating an appealing screen party with game actresses and a throbbing EDM soundtrack , also providing a steady run of laughs to support all the goofiness .
If you do n't think too hard about the plot , you 'll end up laughing plenty
Stream it . You 'll laugh often enough that you wo n't feel ripped off . But you 'll also likely feel a twinge of regret at the comedy these three women could have made .
Ibiza is unrelentingly lame . That is the only way to put it .
Even by the lax standards of raunchy sex comedies , the Netflix original movie Ibiza proves distinctly underwhelming .
It 's ridiculously predictable , but also funny and deftly played .
This hilarious trio ... have bawdy chemistry , and a kind of hanging-out comedic naturalism .
This hangout flick does n't just embrace gross-out girl comedy cliches , it sticks Jacobs in the air roof of a limousine screaming , `` Whooo ! I am a total cliché right now and I do n't f-king care ! ''
I 'm not even fully confident in calling it a movie .
More than anything , the film feels a bit like a trial balloon for the relative star power of Jacobs , who 's been promoted from best friend to headliner here .
But `` Ibiza '' ... has a loose , natural rhythm that easily surpasses its cliche framework .
Nevertheless , `` Ibiza '' smartly plays with narrative expectations to deliver a film that 's both very funny and filled with genuine girl power .
The three leads are so strong that one wishes Netflix had granted them a whole series to live in , their everyday lives worthy of a deeper dive .

@highlight

Ibiza settles into an amiable comedic groove enlivened by its talented stars , even if the end result is fittingly somewhat narratively hazy .