As adult relationship dramas go -LSB- ... -RSB- you 've not seen something as rich , nuanced and true as Blue Valentine in a very long while .
See it for -LSB- Ryan -RSB- Gosling and -LSB- Michelle -RSB- Williams , but be advised : if you take a date , you 'll be sorry .
Williams 's beautiful performance is played nicely off Gosling 's remarkably vulnerable performance yielding a timeless portrayal of love , romance , agony and despair .
Though difficult and never exactly enjoyable , Cianfrance 's compelling and superbly acted film is still a rewarding and thought-provoking experience .
The ghost of John Cassavetes looms large over Blue Valentine . This movie destroyed me .
BLUE VALENTINE shows us the present will never be as fun as the past .
Cianfrance dives deeply into the happiness and heartache a damaged relationship can give you and has created a story that understands how real life romance actually works .
Blue Valentine is interestingly styled and shot . It features outstanding performances from Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams and an inventive screenplay and structure .
A cold but commendable relationship drama .
Unlike Bergman 's searing Scenes from a Marriage , which sustains itself for every one of its 299 devastating minutes , Blue Valentine begins to falter somewhere during its 114 .
-LSB- Director -RSB- Cianfrance is not interested in the Hollywood fairytale , he want to show that love can scar .
What we end up with here is 2/3 of a story that consequently feels incomplete . It obviously wanted to be something like '' -LRB- 500 -RRB- Days of Summer '' in terms of structure , but the writers just did n't know how to get up to that level .
Blue Valentine deserves a wide audience . But it is probably too authentically tragic to get it .
A pesar de su por momentos dolorosa disección de una pareja , Blue Valentine es una hermosa historia de amor condenada al fracaso -LRB- así de paradójico -RRB- . Y está animada por dos intérpretes de excepción .
Moments so potent they seem to put the actors at emotional risk
An engaging and tough drama , for sure , but its ascension to instant indie classic on the back of festival screenings has left this reviewer slightly stumped .
... a crucible for very powerful performances and a convincing relationship in all its contradictions .
An enormously overheated yet oddly affecting movie gets an appropriately earnest DVD treatment .
... the film 's unevenness ultimately -LSB- prevents -RSB- it from packing the emotional punch that Cianfrance is clearly going for .
From the movie 's standpoint , -LSB- its story -RSB- is a common tragedy that deserves acknowledgment and pity , and it pulls absolutely no punches in sharing its view .
It 's so close to achieving greatness it hurts .
It 's complicated , like real life .
The bitter end still catches you by surprise with its crushing sadness .
Workshop-patchy
Knowing where the relationship is headed lends bittersweet notes to the scenes from the past , but the conclusions Blue Valentine draws ultimately feel pat .
... a raw , emotionally devastating experience .
Perhaps the most honest depiction of a relationship gone sour that has ever been committed to celluloid .
A working class American take on Ingmar Bergman 's Scenes From A Marriage ...
Intense , slow-moving relationship drama on a doomed marriage .
A film we 've seen a thousand times around Oscar season ...
Gosling and Williams are terrific but the movie is a downer from start to finish . Not just `` Blue , '' this is a ripped , torn and shredded Valentine .
Blue Valentine has a rare emotional intensity . There is no way to prepare for its final frames , inevitable as they are .
Painstakingly and heartbreakingly , the formula of the romantic drama has its neck wrung here ; the story of boy-meets-girl exists only with our prior knowledge that it is doomed ...
An Endless Barrage of Misery and Depression Punctuated by Great Acting . Being Breathless Does n't Make Quality Cinema .
Powerful stuff . At times you feel like an intruder ; an eavesdropper on conversations you are n't meant to hear .
It 's at its root a hard-to-resist character study . That 's because the character being studied is you and me and everyone else who has ever fallen in , and out of , love
A depressing deconstruction of a marriage that clearly was never meant to be .
The dialogue is meaningful and realistic . The first-rate cinematography and an explosive soundtrack make an indelible impression . This sad and very personal movie will generate lots of discussions . Marriage counselors and divorce lawyers should get a. . .
Shot with a fly-on-the-wall quality and an unflinching honesty that refuses to draw either character as simply bad or good , Blue Valentine is all the more tragic because it is so easy to believe .
Is it worth the trouble and heartache ? Blue Valentine comes close , but the uneven examination of its central couple makes for a depressing and ultimately unsatisfactory experience .
Riveting and raw , it 's a little like sitting at a dinner table while a pair of your married friends who were never really a good fit for each other fight in the kitchen .
Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling take the plunge , reeling beneath their characters ' troubled lives .
Gosling -- whose acting can be seen from a mile away -- seems to be portraying a slumming method actor who 's only pretending to be a husband/housepainter , while Williams is natural and convincing ...
Rom-com haters finally got what they wanted : a brutally honest big-screen relationship on the rocks garnished with hickeys , regret , ripped panties , bruised chins and bruised egos .
Heartbreaking honesty with the challenge of finding the light in a very dark story .
Watching it requires as much courage as curiosity . That it was just as hard to see the second time around says something about it . I 'm just not sure what .
It 's a heartbreaker , but one made bearable by Ryan Gosling and Oscar nominee Michelle Williams , who deliver performances that feel so real they transcend acting and become something else altogether .
A reminder that well-measured and expertly acted pain can be as thrilling to watch as 3-D spectacle .
The time spent ... bringing to life these characters enabled the actors to reach a level of naturalism that ca n't be achieved by conventional role casting . Cianfrance , Gosling and Williams literally created a family , then let it self-destruct .
Guiltier of sins of ambition than of criminal complacency , although the indie clichés invariably come back to haunt .
It 's this slow grinding down of the gears of marriage that Cianfrance brings so realistically to the big screen , aided by the heartfelt performances of Gosling and Williams that 'll surely garner recognition come Oscar time .
A searing portrait of the disintegration of not just a marriage but , more importantly , the love that once fueled it .
A rarely cheery but carefully crafted look at flawed and all-too human behaviour , worth seeing for Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling 's sincere , intelligent performances .
In some ways Blue Valentine is a lower-class version of Annie Hall without the wry humour and Allen 's acceptance that nothing truly lasts , and that love inevitably fades .
A powerful , piercing , brilliantly acted exploration of the ways in which love can die .
It 's a brutal , beautiful and affecting piece of work .
Painfully honest .
There 's a beauty , a rhythm , and a subtle sense of discovery in Blue Valentine that makes it a magical experience .
An autopsy of a failed marriage , it contrasts the giddy honeymoon beginning with the sad denouement after dysfunction has devastated the groundwork of hope and newness .
This punishing drama is worth a look thanks to the excellent work by the leads as well as Cianfrance 's ability to employ the appropriate mood to help capture his own prickly scenes from a marriage .
Blue Valentine comes on like a bittersweet cautionary tale .
It 's not an easy movie , but it is a powerful , unforgettable experience .
Cianfrance prizes verisimilitude over insight , which means the movie gives you a lot to feel but not much to think about , but it 's still quietly devastating .
Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling tear up the screen .
I was riveted .
Moments , as affecting as they are , ca n't surmount the overworkshopped feel of the whole film .
Not since John Cassavetes ' startling Faces has there been a more fearless examination of a troubled relationship than this searing drama .
Did it have to be such a downer ?
Its rawness and honesty may not be everyone 's cup of tea , but Blue Valentine stands as a necessary corrective to the myth of cinematic love .
An almost unbearably bittersweet love story starring two of today 's best actors and orchestrated by a director who 's attuned to past masters .
There are scenes of such exquisite sadness and performances of such raw pain in Blue Valentine that you may wonder by the end why it is n't quite the satisfying movie it ought to be .
The performances are as raw as the characters .
Even for those who tire of movies with shiny , happy people , all this earnest effort results in a movie that 's a drag .
Bright-eyed youth and bedraggled adulthood alternate in a sad spectacle beautifully and sensitively portrayed .
I felt cheated out of something here . Not merely information -LRB- what happened ? -RRB- , but a dramatic structure that might have imparted meaning to this dissolving marriage .
A sombre , painful portrait of a toxic marriage , often touching and sometimes moving , though occasionally contrived and self-conscious in its effects .
Thanks to strong performances from Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling , there 's a genuine emotional credibility to Derek Cianfrance 's film , though it 's by no means comfortable viewing .
Gosling and Williams cry and yell and pour their hearts into every moment of the movie , but they 're mostly just screaming into an empty void .
Around halfway through , I was itching to see how much time remained .
By the end we still believe every pulse , beat and thought of these characters .
Blue Valentine is a tough and tender drama that does n't pull any punches , and it 's a thrill to see two of the best actors of their generation going toe-to-toe .
For those who can face love stories without studio-sanctioned happy ever afters , here 's compelling proof that the tide of slush does not flow unopposed .
You are witnessing the implosion of a marriage , and it 's a sad , discomfiting thing to behold .
It 's the kind of emotionally challenging movie that actors relish but most audience members may find themselves anxiously looking for the EXIT sign , waiting for the excruciating two hours to go by .
Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling give tender , nuanced performances in the most authentic portrayal of romance we 've seen in a long time - its hopeful , giddy beginning and its stagnant , fracturing end .
Derek Cianfrance zooms the camera way in , almost inside the souls of his doomed lovers , and seldom comes up for air .
There is something raw and naked that translates from the actors to the audience , even mediated by the movie screen .
A raw but beautiful picture of love uniting and dividing : tender , real and heartfelt .
If you like soul-rending misery , you 'll love Blue Valentine .
Jumbled editing does not hide that this is little more than recycled relationship navel-gazing .
Both painful and exquisite .
For people who have felt a relationship dissolve just this hopelessly , it may be direct and visceral enough to elicit the cold sweats of post-traumatic stress flashbacks .
Blue Valentine will break your heart .
A postmodern tragedy of two people at odds who are both right and both wrong in their argument , sharing responsibility for the birth and death of love .
A powerful drama , partially made so by a fantastic script , but mostly due to two of the best performances of the year from Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams . Do n't miss it .
Almost unbearably harrowing but also deeply cathartic , as viewers create their own meanings within Dean and Cindy 's singular downward spiral .
The best of it plays like an acting exercise that serves the intimate , often bruising relationship at the core . Gosling seems to be pulling from an impressive bag of performance tricks , Williams from a deeper well , drawn from life .
What do we expect of a spouse ? `` Blue Valentine '' makes us ask that question .
Blue Valentine is an agonizing film , a raw , soul-shattering dissection of a marriage 's end . This is not a film for incurable romantics whose perceptions of love are informed by romantic comedies .
The performances are two of the best you will see in a movie
-LSB- Gosling and Williams -RSB- are vital to Blue Valentine , and almost inflate the movie 's flat ambitions .
Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling are better than Blue Valentine as a whole , but one can not deny the experience rattles with a weary knowledge not easily faked .
It 's `` Scenes from a Marriage '' grungy-American-style . Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling give courageous and at times heart-rending performances as two halves of a marriage we observe in two time frames in `` Blue Valentine . ''
... alternately swells your heart and punctures it .
`` Blue Valentine '' has a palpable air of claustrophobic danger ; you constantly expect something terrible to be happening to these characters . And , indeed , something does .
manages at the end to provoke a real , resonant response to what it means to lose love to the ugly realities of living .
As the film , which Derek Cianfrance directed and co-wrote , makes its way to the end of its second hour , it becomes an acutely stylized , slow-motion marital accident . You either want to call AAA or roll your eyes .
Be prepared for an emotionally devastating portrait of a marriage that , at times , feels like an eavesdropping expedition .
The film proceeds in what feels like real time , but with no obvious beginning or end . It 's a latticework of moments happy and sad .
A movie that rumbles around inside you and appeals to those who believe in love as well as those who recognize its potential to fade .
Blue Valentine is so nervy , so `` real , '' that it poses a dire threat . Dean and Cindy are such decent folks . How do we know what happens to them could n't happen to us ?
Derek Cianfrance , the film 's writer and director , observes with great exactitude the birth and decay of a relationship . This film is alive in its details .
Despite Blue Valentine 's blatant sensememories of nakedness and affection , irritation and itch , what Gosling and Williams reveal about their own concepts of heterosexual experience is ultimately inane .
There 's nothing feel-good about Blue Valentine that the feel-bad parts ca n't undermine . Which does n't sound like praise but it is .
This is a marvel of a movie , but in the interest of perpetuating the human race , I 'd counsel dewy young couples embarking on life 's journey to check into a sex motel instead .
A raw slog through one couple 's marital misery , but make no mistake : the combined talents of its stars will rip your heart out .
In the battle between claustrophobic , showily indie filmmaking and the raw openness of the lead actors , the latter wins by a long shot . The faces of these performers -- particularly Williams ' -- are the key to Blue Valentine .
The film 's time structure is splintered into shards of past and present , which is probably just as well -- a strictly narrative chronology would make this wallow seem even sloggier .
At once sad and celebratory for anyone who 's ever fallen in and then out of love .
Flashes of brilliance , but the lead performances were mannered and the script overwritten . Too self-consciously indie-hipster .
Powerful and spellbinding , but not for the squeamish or the incurably romantic or people who do n't want to know how difficult it can be to keep love alive .
Cianfrance has crafted an intriguing , superbly acted enigma , the final product a relationship tragedy devoid of tears , devoid of emotion and , ultimately , sadly devoid of giving me any reason to care .
Blue Valentine is the kind of movie that John Cassavetes may have dreamt about .
Agonizing but beautiful adult drama about love and marriage .
... when you break it down , -LSB- it -RSB- largely feels genuinely honest , rather than aspiring to an obvious movie facsimile of `` honest . ''
The brown-bag movie of the year : Sneak in a bottle of something bitter and cheap -LRB- to match the central characters -RRB- and get smashed along with the onscreen relationship .
Blue Valentine 's greatest asset is its realism , established by Cianfrance 's unpolished , caught-in-the-moment cinematography and enhanced by a pair of fearless , unglamorous and viciously honest performances .
Blue Valentine wrenches us with its painful and tender understanding of how people with even this tattered a connection can lunge for love as if it were air .
A chilling anatomy of a marriage beginning and ending .
A brilliantly naturalistic dissection of romance and marriage ... meticulously observed -LSB- and -RSB- intensely realistic .
A small but shattering film that marks its writer-director , Derek Cianfrance , as an artist of real depth .
Cianfrance 's film is frustratingly surface-bound in ways that reflect , if not out-and-out misogyny , then at least a lack of interest in imbuing his female character with the rich interior life and complicated morality he gives his male lead .
By the end , you feel you might almost run your fingers over the spiritual scars incurred by its two protagonists .
A work so beautifully acted and emotionally honest it is my choice for best movie of the year .
Early screenings of the film have divided audiences on which partner is most at fault for the relationship ending , but the brilliance of writer-director Derek Cianfrance is that he makes it truly the fault of neither ... or both .
Blue Valentine feels off-the-cuff and improvised , which adds to the charm of that first date and the danger of that `` big fight . ''
An intensely intimate rendering of love that limits itself to that first falling in and that last falling out .
Gosling and Williams have the most palpable chemistry of any screen couple this year , never striking a false note in this achingly tender tale of a love that implodes before our eyes .
Blue Valentine sets past and present on course for a collision , and measures the full weight of its impact .
The effect can be wearisome , clouding the intriguing atmosphere of the film , stealing attention away from the fractured essence of the piece so actors can flail about , killing vital intimacy by being so aware of the camera .
Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams give two of the most explosive and emotionally naked performances you will see anywhere .
Ms. Williams and Mr. Gosling are exemplars of New Method sincerity , able to be fully and achingly present every moment on screen together .
Blue Valentine offers a refreshing and raw look at holy matrimony coming undone a la ` Who 's Afraid of Virginia Woolf ' , ` Revolutionary Road ' and ` Rabbit Hole . ' Except Dean and Cindy are relatively poorer than those other clashing couples
It could easily have devolved into sweaty , pretentious melodrama or ersatz John Cassavetes if Cianfrance and his actors did n't maintain perfect control over the material .
... a unique approach to independent filmmaking , an actor 's workshop with true emotion , but in the end it 's just too inevitable . Williams and Gosling are terrific , though , and Cianfrance is one to watch .
Nothing out of the ordinary happens in Blue Valentine , and that , together with the vital , untrammelled performances of the two leading actors , is the root of its power .
Agonizing to watch yet relentlessly compelling .
A beautifully directed suburban drama that propels us deep into the hearts of two troubled lovers .
Not first-date material , this sombre portrait of failed dreams is buoyed by excellent leads and a yearning heart .
Director Derek Cianfrance has realized his potential and then some .
Blue Valentine is like a sad , sad song that you ca n't get out of your head . You know it 'll make you cry and possibly bring up painful memories , but you have to hear it .
Magnificent performances elevate mundane Cassavetes-esque material .
Blue Valentine leaves you with the shattering vision of its truest victim -- the one who 'll someday look for safety in places it might not be . And the psychodrama will go on and on ...
A much needed reminder how difficult and dangerous real life can be , not necessarily to body but to soul , and includes with it the unspoken assertion important decisions really need to be thought through .
-LSB- Derek -RSB- Cianfrance does these exceptional young actors justice by giving them two of their deepest , richest roles to date .
Very rarely have I seen a film where the relationship is so convincing . Here Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams give performances that will bring you very , very close to your own memories and longings , because we are so very close to theirs .
There 's a certain kind of cinema that produces an effect in the viewer that 's close to embarrassment . Not because its shoddy , boring or stupid but because it seems so true to our waking existence .
Every once in a while a film arrives that is so honest , so expertly crafted and so sincere that the powerful emotional response it elicits is profound . Blue Valentine is one of those rare films . See it with somebody you are breaking up with .
Movie intimacy reaches groundbreaking new heights in this shocking story of a young marriage on the rocks .
Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams fall in and out of love with stunning clarity in Blue Valentine .
If you care about the integrity of independent cinema , you 'll steel your heart and go .
Blue Valentine does the impossible , and captures the uncapturable : to watch this film is to watch two people fall in , and eventually out of , love . Few films have ever done it so well .
The scenes cut so close to the emotional bone that you can understand why they might cause a panic amongst MPAA boardmembers , although of course , it 's nothing to be afraid of : just the realism of love in its varied forms .
Skillfully told and featuring two remarkable lead performances , this painfully honest portrait of young love is both devastating and mesmerising .
Emotionally raw , heartbreakingly beautiful and superbly acted .
A meditation on one couple 's journey in and out of love , and a testament to the talents of director Derek Cianfrance , and his two wonderful leads .
They share a talent for living in the moment , which means that Cianfrance 's miniaturist style could not have found two more inspired interpreters .
Powerful , raw and fluidly shot , this history of a marriage told in shuffled time stars Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling , two of our finest young actors .
The tagline `` Nobody baby but you and me '' says it perfectly ; when Gosling and Williams on screen , nobody else matters . If not Oscars , they will win over your heart . And possibly break it .
Featuring two remarkable performances
Intense and intimate
So bracing in the intimacy of it all . I think they 're two wonderful , brave performances .
It 's very sad but it 's so beautiful .
It will keep you thinking - and feeling - about the possibilities for long-term love for days after you 've left the cinema .
Wretched and beautiful , devastating and passionate , Blue Valentine evokes every inch of its title 's dichotomy .
Pulls no punches in terms of its heavy subject matter and boasts wonderful performances from stars Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams
In its splendid acting by Ryan Golsing and Michelle Williams -LRB- in Oscar-caliber performances -RRB- and brutal honesty , this relentlessly grim portrait of marital dissolution is up there with the best of the genre , including Shoot the Moon and Smash Palace .
Exquisitely painful to watch .
Assuming one can use the word `` enjoy '' for what might be the greatest feel-bad movie of the year , I enjoyed BLUE VALENTINE a lot .
Gosling and Williams are pretty much perfect as the struggling couple ... although early scenes lean towards the old ` women are boring , men are fun ' routine
The emotional colors and understated psychological transitions that Gosling and Williams reveal make watching them a pure joy . As the title suggests `` Blue Valentine '' is a sad love story , and a very personal one as well .
The film is undeniably his -LSB- Cianfrance -RSB- , and yet it is so powerfully enriched by the output of his extraordinary stars .
This portrait of a strained relationship is often difficult to watch , simply because it feels so real . Fortunately , the screenplay includes plenty of raw humanity , which gives us a chance to laugh and sigh as well .
Blue Valentine plays with our own expectations and assumptions of stereotypes enough to re-think the film at several different parts , and the movie gets more moving and sad as it reveals its many layers .
Impressively directed and superbly written , this is a powerfully emotional relationship drama with terrific performances from Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams .
Ultimately too painful , too labored , to care much about at all .
The ghost of John Cassavetes hovers over this tough-minded portrait of a working-class couple 's marriage .
Blue Valentine is a devastating dissection of a young marriage in crisis that is written , directed and acted with passion and clarity .
It 's a sad tale , and it 's well told -- but what does it amount to ? I feel like there 's so much left undone .
It 's an anguished , acutely observed and at times deeply affecting story about falling in love - and out of love - that channels the keening , ugly desperation and emotional heft of the great John Cassavetes .
This is an extremely painful film with undeniably powerful performances from both Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams .
There is also no doubt that Williams and Gosling bring that ineffable spark of quality to the roles ... but it is not just the structure of the couple 's relationship that is problematic - so is the construction of the film .
Uses its duality of setting % u2014 young and old , vibrant and cold , optimistic and tragic % u2014 to unleash wave after wave of emotion .
A streetside walk on the couple 's first date that ends with Dean crooning `` You Always Hurt the One You Love '' on ukulele while Cindy improvises an uncertain tap dance bursts with affirmation and life .
Like a modern day John Cassavetes film
An intensely acted , minutely observed attempt to convey the arc of a romantic involvement .
Penetrating but tedious close-up of a marriage breakup .


@highlight

This emotionally gripping examination of a marriage on the rocks is n't always easy to watch , but Michelle Williams and Ryan Gosling give performances of unusual depth and power .