At 85 minutes this might be one of the shortest election campaigns around , but with a cast that 's on-fire and the humour inappropriate and irreverent , it 's surely one of the funniest .
The leads do fine work , but the screenplay bizarrely reduces Ferrell to straight man for much of the film .
It 's the most infuriating kind of comedy , one that keeps flirting with sharp ideas , only to retreat into barn-door-broad buffoonery .
It even has something like a brain with awareness of the world outside the film , and that is too rare of a commodity in American film comedy in the 2010s .
You keep waiting for the movie to say something , to find that extra level of inspiration we 've seen each of these two guys reach . Or at least to justify making a political comedy in the first place .
It is meticulously bipartisan in its ridicule , from the right 's embrace of God and guns , to the left 's disingenuous stance against fat cats and big money .
The problem with situation comedy movies in general - and Will Ferrell vehicles such as The Campaign in particular - is that they usually fizzle out after the first 30 minutes .
But for all its silliness , THE CAMPAIGN fixes what 's broken in American politics with easy laughs and sharp truths .
Funny and entertaining , it 's not a heavyweight contender , but who wants a heavyweight contender every time ?
Poking fun at the nastiness of elections , The Campaign finally brings together two of Hollywood 's funniest comedians .
Really stupid , funny things happen that 'll make you laugh when you 're thinking about them later , alone and scared in the world .
We 're not quite at the basic Jay Leno level of ` har har , politicians are shallow double-talkers ! ' humor , but sometimes we 're dangerously close .
Jay Roach 's The Campaign can be funny at times , but it 's mostly an exercise of patience as two usually funny men scrape the bottom of the barrel for some truly unfunny jokes . Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis have both been in much better films .
A hopelessly broad and undisciplined comedy that features a small handful of amusing ideas but otherwise represents a major missed opportunity for rich Stateside election year satire .
Funny and entertaining , it 's not a heavyweight contender , but who wants a heavyweight contender every time ?
If it 's sophistication you 're looking for , forget it . This one 's strictly for low laughs , at which it succeeds nicely .
-LSB- B -RSB- itter , brutal , and -- unfortunately for the hopes and dreams of the American people -- very very pointedly funny ...
Works great until it develops a conscience
The Campaign is an equal split of smart and stupid . Some people may be off-put by the wild detours into vulgarity , but I relished it .
The Campaign does manage to strike a funny chord but do n't be ashamed to find out these election results on home video .
Director Jay Roach lets swing with some comic haymakers - literally so when Cam aims a punch at his rival and ends up socking a baby in the jaw instead - but the gags are so unsubtle that the satire fails to deliver a knockout blow .
Will Ferrell 's funniest movie in years , this is a silly comedy with a terrible sentimental streak , but the political satire running through it is dead on
Using tired , lazy stereotypes that swerve any relevance to the times , it ironically treats both Americans and its audience with the same contempt as the politicians it lampoons .
With subtlety hardly its strong point -LRB- the humour is broad-beamed , brash and at times bordering on farce -RRB- it 's raucous entertainment .
Witlessness .
Perhaps one in ten of the jokes hits the mark ; the rest are damp , childish squibs
There are some laughs , it does n't overstay its welcome and neither side in the present fight for the presidency is likely to be offended .
Do n't look for wry satire - the gags are big and brash - but with the duelling stars on top form , The Campaign scores high in the approval ratings .
Emblematic of a US comedy scene that 's turning into something of a fraternity .
The increasingly absurd squabbling between Ferrell and Galifianakis provides more than enough hearty laughs to be getting on with .
Subtle and sophisticated The Campaign most definitely is not . But it 's irreverent , expertly acted by all and genuinely laugh-out-loud funny .
Wisecrack after wisecrack is delivered with that skilled quick fire timing of his much loved character Ron Burgundy . This may be no surprise as he is currently re-heating the hot seat of San Diego 's favourite newscaster .
If you 're solemnly looking for contemporary political observation , this is n't the film for you . But laughs come rolling off the production line a-plenty .
This hits enough targets - cynical emotional manipulation , false family values and shallow style over content - to win over floating voters .
Who says political satire is dead ? Most of the audience for The Campaign will say it .
All sounds a bit déjà vu . Did n't they make this in the late - '90s with Chris Farley and David Spade ?
More of the non sequitur jokes and shouting on which -LSB- Ferrell -RSB- has built a lucrative and long-lasting career .
Hits an occasional vein of funny , but for the most part it 's inescapably half-assed , largely relying for laughs on Ferrell 's familiar schtick of delivering filth in deadpan tones .
With a cast and crew well-versed in cinematic humour , the film struggles to translate to comedy gold , mainly down to an indecisive approach to the material and two performers reluctant to stray outside of their comfort zone .
Entertaining comedy with a handful of big laughs and great performances from a strong comic cast , but the tone is a little uneven and the film is slightly hamstrung by the desire to keep its characters likeable .
While much of the humour feels eerily dead-on , the over-the-top antics rely on shock value for laughs . Which is kind of a con when the movie turns out to have such a gooey centre
This film is about silly voices and crude sex gags and jokes about children touching an old alcoholic 's man boobs . Thank god .
The Campaign gets by on its stars ' comic compatibility and a relentless stream of jokes , many of which are laugh-out-loud funny .
Ferrell 's fans know the score : subtlety is n't welcome here .
The Campaign is worth a watch . It 's funny , well-acted , and entertaining
For a timely comment on today 's political world - where everything is seemingly caught on camera - it 's entertaining , light-hearted and nicely played by a great comedic cast .
`` The Campaign '' is yet another one of those films where I walked in expecting one thing and ended up getting something else entirely .
It was only a matter of time before Ferrell and Galifianakis crossed swords on screen , and the combination of their distinctive styles of humor are as natural as a politician kissing a baby .
Although only slightly more outrageous than reality , The Campaign is a funny , pacy peek behind the political curtain .
For all the talk-radio blather about `` liberal Hollywood , '' `` The Campaign '' shows Hollywood as an institution is strictly bipartisan - eager to sell tickets to people of all political stripes , and averse to offending any of them .
Although the over-the-top antics are outrageous and outlandish , they 're grounded in the bloody mash-up realities of modern-day politics .
Has some funny moments , but the humor pales when it becomes too realistic .
After a wonderful start , the filmmakers decide they need a ` likable ' hero , so they embrace the pandering appeals to home and family they had spoofed in the campaign scenes , and , in the phony finale , reassure audiences that the corrupt will be punished ...
Despite the obviousness of its political points , the film has a scattershot , breezy appeal .
What these dog days of political campaigning needs is a good , sharp political satire . Alas , The Campaign is not that movie -- not even close .
`` The Campaign '' works best when director Jay Roach does the thing that he does best - slapstick shock humor and visual gags .
You may think things go over the top , but keep in mind The Campaign is competing with a real world in which a married politician tweets a picture of his crotch .
It 's a satire of the election process and it also lampoons we the people ... you know , us voters .
... What it lacks in incisive satire , it makes up in big laughs .
A few brilliant moments , but director Jay Roach ca n't quite sustain the outrageous humor into the final quarter .
As uplifting as the slight story line aims to be , it unfortunately still leaves a sour aftertaste .
Even in the midst of a contentious election year , both ends of the political spectrum can agree that The Campaign misses the mark .
Getting a few chuckles and one or two laugh out loud moments is not enough , especially when Ferrell and Galifianakis could make fun of our actual political system , instead of this truly fictitious one .
The Campaign runs an economical 87 minutes so misfires do n't matter , the candidates do n't wear out their welcome and truth conquers politics as usual . Why ca n't life be like the movies ?
Simply taken as a broad character comedy , `` The Campaign '' definitely has its moments .
Having helmed the Austin Powers trilogy , both Meet the Parents films and Dinner for Schmucks , director Jay Roach deploys his knack for broad comedy with often uproarious abandon . Make no mistake , the film can not be faulted for having taste .
So like most times I enter a voting booth , I 'm going to half-heartedly pull the lever and vote for The Campaign .
... it is McDermott who nearly steals the entire movie . He is nasty , manipulative , and brutally honest . You ca n't take your eyes off him .
Combines breezy political jabs with mainstream comic sensibilities successfully . The duo makes a great comedic pairing and the Ferrell/Galifinakis era of films may have just begun .
Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis commit funny political mayhem in this outrageous comedy .
There is much about which to make sport in the American democratic process , and much of it is covered here , but not consistently well , and with little originality .
Ferrell and Galifianakis can be insufferable on their own , but placing them in the same movie ? It sounds as potentially disastrous as that McCain-Palin ticket , but against the odds , The Campaign meets with success by playing beyond its established base .
Does n't get my vote . I recommend a veto .
... might just be the movie we deserve in this dire election cycle : It 's cynical , vulgar , mean-spirited , weirdly familiar and yet often hysterical .
Stupidly vulgar , mildly amusing , yet uneven `` Saturday Night Live '' skit that goes on too long .
Technically , I suppose you have to call The Campaign a satire , but it 's about as broad as you can get without simply playing fart noises behind actual news clips .
This primarily predictable film is nonetheless a deliciously side-splitting meal that mostly maintains its delicacy throughout while only infrequently pausing to chew on some unwanted fat .
By sheer volume and force , laughs emerge . You just have to wait for them .
I laughed a lot during The Campaign and that 's all that really matters .
The Campaign works because it has no shame .
There 's a lot of laughs to be found in this movie , a few scenes in particular I was laughing so hard I had tears in my eyes . There are slow moments but who cares ? All I 'll say is get ready for the scene with Zach and his family at the dinner table .
Is it silly and sometimes stupid ? Yes , of course it is , but it 's a comedy and it made me laugh enough to where I can get it to 3/5 Schmoes .
`` The Campaign '' is overflowing with outrageous humor , eccentric characters , and is a bit more satisfying than you may be expecting for a movie that you know revolves around stupid humor .
Without all the bad words , this might have had some redeeming value , but Ferrell is so vulgar that it 's off-putting and offensive .
Smart , scathing , and wildly , wildly funny , The Campaign marvelously exposes the idiocy that is holding our political system hostage .
A political comedy with little bite in its satire and bias in its political stance , The Campaign is still kept in contention thanks to the over the top theatrics of Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis .
It might not deliver the timely and razor sharp political satire it could have , but it remains a solid mainstream comedy with an edge .
The Campaign wo n't change the world , but it gets my vote as a solid commercial comedy that will give you a few laughs .
Although it 's way beyond credible , the film hits a few fat targets .
A bloated , half-baked movie .
There are some funny moments , there are some sweet moments , there is also a deep cynicism with the political agenda in the United States at the heart of this movie .
As the plot crescendos it loses its comic edge , looking to make a point of its own about how career politics tarnishes all who come near it , and trying to score a redemptive finale .
It 's way over the top , but then again , so are most modern political campaigns . Lots of funny s -- here .
Like most things with politicians , -LRB- The Campaign 's -RRB- promises go unrealized and unfulfilled .
The Campaign has a lot of genuine laughs . Too bad it does n't have enough to carry it over the finish line , a mere 85 minutes after it begins .
A lazy satire filled with easy targets and a desperate amount of swearing -- it 's not enough to prop the film up for a mere 85-minute running time .
The Campaign wo n't be getting my vote for one of the top 10 comedies of 2012 .
The strong cast and topical plot help make for a hilarious first hour .
Zach Galifianakis has perfected the unsettling-annoying adult male . It 's unclear if he wants to hug you , kill you , or swap baking recipes .
It was only a matter of time before Will Ferrell adapted his trademark character , which channels childlike behavior into a large adult body , to the realm of politics , where it seems to fit perfectly .
Comedic superstars aim their raunchy satire at politics .
The Campaign has winning laughs , lazy plot .
The public is so sick of political ads , smear campaigns , and hypocrisy from all parties , the time is right for political satire . Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis certainly make the most of it .
Even when The Campaign is inconsistent , its blithely cynical observations about the roles of personality and big money in elections still hit the bull 's - eye more often than not .
It could have and should have been sharper , too often going for the base humor that passes for comedy these days , but while the movie does n't get into any issues , it does deliver a few direct hits on back room shenanigans .
Eat your hearts out , Aaron Sorkin and Michael Moore .
Can Ferrell 's Cam Brady make us laugh at things we know we should n't laugh at while slyly delivering a poke in the eye to modern politics ? Yes , he Cam .
The challenge of crafting a political satire based on a political system that 's already a clown circus may have been too much for the filmmakers . Yet when this slash-and-burn comedy scores , it 's convulsively funny .
The Campaign attempts to simultaneously appeal to fans of both the highbrow and the low . In effect , running its own contest between the slapstick versus the sly . And wins ... half the time .
Instead of watching the lame mudslinging ads from home get out and enjoy some real election fire in theaters this weekend .
-LSB- A -RSB- very raunchy and sometimes pretty funny comedy - which is n't above going for dumb jokes , but is also smart enough to play to its two stars ' strengths .
Despite some decent laughs scattered here and there , the film begins to drag and feels long . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
This movie is single-handedly causing a major rise in our mirth deficit . It 's so bad , I 'm declaring a laugh emergency .
It 's an average Will Ferrell comedy , nothing more .
This big , broad , laugh-out-loud farce is n't in the business of deep swipes or sharp insights . Its main message is that politics pretty much makes fun of itself .
The movie has political savvy as well as comedic chops .
Prefers silly , outre jokes and sight gags to a truly penetrating critique of partisan politics that has gone hopelessly off the rails .
Lewd , crude and sometimes a gas , but as a political satire the film recoils in trepidation , fearful of leaning too left or right and alienating a segment of the audience .
... if you 're already fed up with just how stupid real life politics has become , this movie is the antidote .
The Campaign walks a fine line between silly and stupid , and although it veers into the latter far too often , Ferrell and Galifianakis remain committed to their roles .
It 's not a subtle dissection of the subject , but then again , that train left the station in the real world long ago .
This is one of those campaigns when you wish the ballot had an option for `` none of the above . ''
Raucous in its send-ups of the moral , financial and sexual peccadilloes of the common political animal .
Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis trade barbs and sling mud , but the humor is inconsistent and the political satire lacks bite .
The last half-hour really slows down as this raucous , raunchy comedy pulls its pants up and tries to say Something Important about politics . Call it two-thirds of the funniest movie of the year .
The first half alone warrants a watch and fans of Ferrell and Galifianakis will not be disappointed .
Simply runs out of good ideas and , like a nominee behind in the polls , starts throwing anything and everything at the voters/audience to see what sticks . Not much does .
Jay Roach nailed super-smart dissection of the political landscape in his great small-screen works Game Change and Recount , but they seem the works of another director entirely ; here , we get the guy who directed Austin Powers in Goldmember .
Maybe the surreal realities of the current campaign really are beyond satire , ridicule , parody or ready comprehension , but this ultimately puerile gagfest has little reach and less grasp .
An assault on the contemporary plagues of crooked electoral financing , issue-free political debate and credulous , sensationalist media .
Often brings the laughs , but the movie 's ultimate timidity over possibly vexing viewers of any political stripe renders the whole project somewhat sterile .
the actual 2012 American Presidential campaign is already so ludicrous that it 's pointless to even try to satirize it .
This cynical and funny film hits more often than it misses .
It 's like a sober , centrist , irrelevant op-ed column , but with bad words and belly laughs .
`` The Campaign '' is too timid to aim a satirical shiv at the political jugular .
Some of Hollywood 's top comic talent takes on our laughable political system and comes up with something that 's curiously short on laughs .
Both funny and undisciplined , a political satire that works best when the commentary sags and the crass absurdism escalates .
Much like real politicians , Ferrell and Galifianakis are one-dimensional and possess limited inspiration , depending on volume and strained quirk to pass for humor in a comedy that 's aching for some authentic directorial spark .
A very funny satire that successfully calls out every moronic -LRB- and oxymoronic -RRB- part of our slogan-slinging , attack-ad-making election process .
The Campaign is intermittently amusing , but more often just interminable .
Ferrell and Galifianakis will crack you up - guaranteed . Is it too much to expect more ?
It 's loud and profane and relentlessly vulgar . It 's also occasionally funny .
Ferrell and Galifianakis hit ` The Campaign ' trail as the funniest candidates money can buy !
When it comes to mainstream movies commenting on political issues this year , Jay Roach 's satirical comedy may be as bold as it 's going to get .
As with politicians , we get the political movies we deserve .
It 's all played as slapstick with little wit . It 's never crazy enough at one extreme , nor smart enough at the other .
This is n't just the Will and Zach show , but a real ensemble piece that liberally portions out laughs to the lead characters ' wives , siblings and co-workers .
A funny-enough comedy about a North Carolina Congressional District race that turns into a bloodsport of mud-slinging .
Parody speaks louder than words .
Galifianakis scores most of the laughs , as you might expect , but there 's some nice supporting work from Jason Sudeikis , Dylan McDermott , and Sarah Baker .
It feels more like an extended Saturday Night Live-meets-FunnyOrDie.com castoff than an actual comedic commentary on American politics .
`` The Campaign '' is a good idea with no place to go .
I 'm Chris Hewitt and I endorse this movie .
Mostly but not entirely on .
A slam-bang out-of-the-box comedy probing the sorry state of politics in contemporary America .
Though it 's crude and juvenile in ways that makes you vaguely ashamed at laughing so much , The Campaign is versatile enough to sneak in a good shot or two at the American political system .
It revels in showing the absurdity of politics as usual , touching on gaffes and scandals we all know too well .
The comedic one-upmanship between Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis results in a raunchy political comedy that 's also insightful almost in spite of itself .
A lumpy spoof of electoral mudslinging that offers some bracing bipartisan contempt amid the lowbrow , labored slapstick .
Movies that step on that third rail of filmgoer appeal - politics - always pull their punches .
Ferrell and Galifianakis blend like two compatible colors of finger-paint , their childlike affability earning laughs and even sweetness .
It 's weak and witlessly crude .
It is n't really about the political issues of the moment , but neither , the film suggests , are the politics of the moment .
As a respite from real-life politics -LRB- and a nostalgic reminder that there are indeed still places where people line up to vote on Election Day -RRB- , it 's a just-good-enough diversion .
`` The Campaign '' made me think of `` Mr. Smith Goes to Washington '' if it had been written by the Onion staff .
Crude political satire is absurd and light on for laughs .
No one 's ever going to accuse a movie in which a character goes by the nickname of `` ticklesh ** s '' of being particularly witty , but it takes a special kind of genius to deploy lowbrow humour in the service of scathing political commentary .
Will Ferrell , all is forgiven after the botch that was Casa De Mi Padre . And in fact this may be the best movie , comedic or dramatic , that you 've made yet .
The jokes are nearly as inconsistent as the social commentary , but when they land , The Campaign is way more entertaining than actual politics .
Will Ferrell and Zach Galifanakis 's political satire may not deliver a profound punch but it 's no sucker , either .
A rude , often crude live-action cartoon ... more clown show than stinging satire . Still , in this case the clowns are funny more often than not .
Before the 2012 presidential election has a chance to get really nasty , The Campaign vigorously swoops in to satirize how low things can go between a pair of rival congressional candidates .
They could 've called it Ron Burgundy Runs For Congress .
Will Ferrell and Zach Galifianakis milk some laughs at the expense of our political process as madcap election rivals , but The Campaign is more low comedy than brainy satire .
In its ramped-up media-farce way , The Campaign leaves no satirical stone unturned .
While funny enough , the film feels even smaller than its 85 minute runtime , like it runs through every last bit of the territory deemed safe to tread and just barely makes it to the credits at a credible feature length .
Timely , occasionally funny , but seldom witty , The Campaign is an exercise in a uniquely American brand of lowbrow comedy .
`` The Campaign '' look much more like `` Waiting for Guffman '' or `` Spinal Tap '' than `` Step Brothers '' or `` Talladega Nights '' .
When clever meets silly in this political spoof , silly always wins , but the cartoonish exaggeration works with some swift , perfectly timed comedy .
There 's a genius behind the silliness in The Campaign , in that a go-for-broke comedy might really be the only way to deal with the reality of modern politics .
The best thing about the movie is its message : that the rich want even more than they already have , even if they have to buy every single vote to get it .
Despite its satirical bent , ` The Campaign ' is , firstly , a broad comedy with two dynamos at the top of their form .
The Campaign has my vote . Two mainstream comedy titans have managed to make an accessible yet biting satire of the ridiculous state of American politics .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- Here 's a new twist . Picture a Republican politician with humanitarian ethics .
Director Jay Roach has two brilliant improvisers on hand , but The Campaign suffers from a compounded sense of fatigue , plotwise .
Most of the movie 's big laughs are in the first half ; like so many high-concept/low-character comedies , it runs out of steam early and then wheezes to an anticlimax .
Think of it as someone making a peanut butter and chocolate swirl of Mad magazine and The New Yorker-two unique tastes making one great treat .
A Will Ferrell flavoured satire zooped up by the added juice of Zach Galifianakis eccentricity , The Campaign provides some easy laughs and a few cutting digs about politicians
Ferrell and Galifianakis hit the campaign trail as the funniest candidates money can buy !
Ferrell and Galifianakis make for entertaining rivals in a flimsy political satire that too often mistakes bad taste for comic acuity .











@highlight

Its crude brand of political satire is n't quite as smart or sharp as one might hope in an election year , but The Campaign manages to generate a sufficient number of laughs thanks to its well-matched leads .