Although Bullet to the Head comes nowhere near the pantheon of the great buddy movies , and some fans of the original graphic novel might wince at the changes , there 's enough fun to be had ...
At times it feels as though the whole thing has been scrubbed clean of anything resembling theme .
The plot existing solely as a breather in between inserting yet more bullets into yet more heads .
Bullet to the Head is an adrenaline-fueled , rip-roaring good time that asks little of audiences while still managing to fill their most basic filmgoing needs .
Stallone 's dead eyes are betrayed only occasionally by glimmers of humanity : when he spares a would-be victim who happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time , or when he takes vengeance upon a particularly bad bad guy .
A worthy callback to Stallone 's glory days .
The movie 's titled Bullet to the Head , what the heck do you think it 's going to be ?
It says `` revenge never gets old . '' Yeah , but Sylvester Stallone did . Yikes .
A big , dumb action film that charges forward believing Stallone is charismatic enough to sell even bad writing . He 's not .
Walter Hill 's Bullet to the Head is a gritty and tough throwback to times when action films were simple , fun and still considered entertaining and worth the money .
As unsubtle as its title , this action film is repetitive and packed with silly cliches that should be put to sleep .
Nothing to write home about , but with some decent fight sequences , good stunts , and amusing banter between Stallone and Kang . No need to rush out to the cineplex , although worthwhile to catch on-demand later this year .
The roar dies into a hollow echo , the growl gets gutturally one-note and the grit becomes B-movie background . Has too scuzzy a heart to pump out a deep throb of action . Peel this one back and you get more pit than pulp .
The film could be summed by its product placement for Bulleit Bourbon , treated like a rare luxury when it 's actually $ 20 a bottle at Trader Joe 's ; director Walter Hill serves this inexpensive , everyday material with a serious flourish .
At its ridiculous best Bullet reminds us why we liked Stallone in the first place . But time has moved on , for him and for us and there 's a point where looking back this way stops being entertaining and starts to become sad .
Walter Hill has lost none of his directorial prowess !
What 's it about ? Some bad guys . And some other bad guys . And some badder guys . And bullets to the head , as though through repetition of the title in action we 're meant to finally understand the platonic ideal of how to murder a person with a gun .
A barely passable , if unmemorable , bit of action-heavy entertainment -- as long as you do n't think too hard about the script 's eye-rollingly contrived setup .
Look , Stallone has a perky daughter . Will she end up tied to a chair in a disused refinery -LRB- or something -RRB- ? You know it .
... a star vehicle for Stallone first and foremost , giving him a potentially intriguing antihero character surrounded by a story that shoots blanks .
Stallone still mumbles the lines , but his timing is pretty good and the jokes are well done . Violent as the film is , the special effects and stunts are impressive , especially the ax fight at the end .
An okay action movie but sadly Stallone has entered into the `` who cares '' category .
Stallone and Hill make the often-corny dialogue sound not only plausible but weirdly logical .
With a cracked-asphalt voice , a shaved-wildebeest hide , the veined musculature of Swamp Thing and the apparent flexibility of a tree trunk , the aging Sylvester Stallone remains a commanding , amusing and somewhat awe-inspiring screen presence .
Thanks to Hill 's directorial brio and some hot-wired one liners , Stallone can still put bad folks out of their misery real fast .
This is a very violent police action film , and that is all you can expect from it .
Not a classic action film , but it 's a decent genre entry and the fight scenes are worth the price of admission .
The filmmakers must see this as idea laundering - if a movie comes from a French graphic novel inspired by American movies , then it 's not really stolen moronic movie junk . It 's French !
It 's not a terrible movie , merely a mediocre one .
Do n't bother with plot coherence or plausibility - if you 're going to a Stallone film for logic , then you 're in the wrong theater .
More curdled nostalgia than cinematic excitement .
Hill 's eye for back alley scuzz is as strong as ever , but the story , adapted from a French graphic novel by Alexis Nolent , is so die-cut it gives neither him nor Stallone anything to work with .
This is hard-R action done old-school style . If that 's your game , then gather up and throw in .
Sylvester Stallone plays to his base in a gratifying return to the action genre
-LSB- D -RSB- amn near the most unwatchable piece of junk I 've seen that has n't gone straight to DVD or late-night cable . It 's barely even a movie , in fact -- it 's more like a meatbrawl ...
Jason Mamoa also impressed me as the villain ; all his sins for `` Conan the Barbarian '' are forgiven and hopefully the climactic axe fight will prove to Stallone that we have a new Expendable cast member the next time around .
The fights are worth the price of admission -LRB- come on people , there 's an axe fight ! -RRB- , but as a movie `` Bullet to the Head '' ca n't get up there with Sly 's other recent endeavors .
Bullet to the Head is a blunt movie with a blunt star . It 's also bluntly entertaining .
Even watched in an indulgent frame of mind , this is dull , retrograde rubbish .
On its own degenerate terms , the movie works .
Over 30 years ago , Stallone passed on appearing in two of Hill 's early masterworks , The Driver and 48 Hrs . Hill and his admirers should count themselves fortunate .
It 's a series of fight scenes that build to a climax that is surprisingly unsatisfying in the way it ultimately plays out .
Audiences drawn to a movie with such an obvious title as `` Bullet to the Head '' will get every line of cheesy dialogue , intelligence-defying plot-point , and trashy titillation they 're after in this foreshadowed misfire .
Stallone is back with a vengeance . As Jimmy Bobo , New Orleans hitman , he scores his most efficient adrenalin rush since First Blood ... Combines Eastern Promises violence and the buddy banter of 48 HRS .
sad and pointless
Sylvester Stallone shoots people in the face . That 's it for subtext in this formula action swill . Why do I sound like I should expect more . Because the credits list the director as Walter Hill .
Derivative and only occasionally funny , it 's already on the fast-track to the DVD shelf .
Bullet to the Head definitely qualifies as a guilty pleasure , but if you ca n't enjoy the guilty ones , you 've missed the whole point of Stallone 's career .
Bullet to the Head is sufficient for some beautifully shot bits of crackling violence , but devoid of the unique thrills it could have delivered .
Vintage Sly in his best outing since Cop Land !
You 're meant to feel Jimmy 's pain , to share his rage , but that 's hard when he does n't even seem human .
Carried out with a sort of kinetic grace that betrays its makers ' experience within the genre .
Watching the movie wo n't be fatal for those who enjoy fast-paced and not very complex action movies . For those longing for something more , it 's likely to be a long wait .
Bullet to the Head does n't try to adapt its star to 2013 . It just pretends that we 're still living in 1986 . And for 91 minutes , it just about works .
As James Bonomo , Stallone is refreshingly brutal , bullheaded and politically incorrect ; he kills people who need killing , takes his paycheque and goes home .
Stallone can still be entertaining , but here he 's got no character to play , nothing fun to say , and the craziest hair/hairpiece/scalp growth this side of John Travolta .
Bullet to the Head fires ahead with its intended mission of mayhem - and you get the feeling it could care less about what you think of it .
The title itself should deter viewers who favor smart cinema over mindless mayhem .
Failing as a buddy movie , one might consider this an action yarn , but its content is n't so much action as violence-extreme violence , which I found deadening .
Is n't smart enough to overcome its conventions , but it 's so forcefully conventional in such an old-fashioned , unbridled way that it actually operates better as a time machine than as a real film .
Of course , the plot is familiar and derivative , but some pithy one-liners and bone-crunching fights more than compensate in a film that 's surely bound for guilty pleasure status .
-LSB- Hill -RSB- tries to infuse life into the proceedings . Unfortunately there is none .
A nasty , if also amusing , piece of work .
A hugely entertaining work of pop cinema of the sort that will play equally well with the multiplex crowds and art-house goons alike .
You want blood -LRB- check -RRB- , fights -LRB- check -RRB- , breasts -LRB- check -RRB- and Christian Slater acting like a mad man -LRB- check -RRB- . If that is absolutely all you want out of this movie then you are not going to leave displeased .
The Geritol action genre lumbers on in the lackluster `` Bullet to the Head , '' starring Sylvester Stallone , or at least a beef jerky replica .
In `` Bullet to the Head '' violence is abrupt , shattering and consequential . It 's not for laughs . It 's graphic and unsettling , and it makes us feel uneasy , as we should , about the world the characters inhabit .
All sorts of blockheaded action thrillers rolled into one , with occasional mentions of `` flash drives '' so you know it 's not actually a script from 1986 .
I did n't think it was possible to make a boring action film in New Orleans , but Bullet to the Head proved me wrong .
Entertaining if nonsensical ...
Plays like such a floundering exercise in macho overcompensation that you almost feel sorry for it . Almost .
Watching Bullet to the Head you 're acutely aware of how stupid and pointless the whole enterprise , yet at the same time the movie successfully delivers a steady stream of short , sharp shocks to your system that keep you engaged .
A buddy cop movie needs two equal and opposing forces ; 48 Hrs . does n't work if Nolte overpowers Murphy , which is exactly what happens here .
Sadly , Mr. Stallone is so somber and blank in Bullet to the Head that you 'd swear his onscreen personality is as Botoxed as his face .
... As direct and forceful as its title . And that 's a good thing .
If you line up at the box office and pay cash money to see a movie called ` Bullet to the Head , ' do n't walk out of it complaining that there was no intricate plotting or subtle , nuanced , character work . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also available -RRB-
Most of it makes you laugh when it should n't be
It would n't be a shock if someone told you this flick was an unearthed straight-to-video blast - 'em - up from Hill 's heyday . Even then it would feel dated .
He 's taken out restraining orders against gray hairs , wrinkles and flab . His muscles are probably the great-grandchildren of his 1970s muscles , who have all decided to stick around .
It 's a fun , darkly violent popcorn movie that features an awesomely confident , `` tough guy '' performance from Stallone .
A violent spectacle that happily embraces the 1980s style of filmmaking resulting in one of the best old-school action films I 've seen in years .
`` Bullet to the Head '' is an adrenaline shot to your movie memory if the blunt , gleefully dumb , no-nonsense ways of '80s - style action flicks are your nostalgia drug of choice .
A solid , if by-the-numbers , actioner .
Stallone glowers towards grace in Bullet .
It exists in a land of middle-of-the-roadness , one that does nothing spectacularly , but can be admired for staying as uncompromising as it is .
The cop-criminal alliance is too absurd for words , but probability is n't the issue here and the action is a promise met for the fan base .
-LSB- D -RSB- irector Walter Hill 's brutal depiction of various bullet-ridden firefights and wall-smashing fisticuffs is fully simpatico with Bobo 's nearly absurd machismo .
A soap-opera-predictable cavalcade of violence .
By the end I could have used a Bulleit to the mouth .
-LSB- Its -RSB- sole redeeming quality is that it ends . Eventually .
No one here seems to notice that there 's not much going on , including Mr. Stallone , which somehow makes it easier to watch .
The plot fails to deliver a single surprise ... and the characterizations are thin even by the standards of the tough-guy genre .
A wilfully old-fashioned , oddly soothing sprawl of cool cars , heavy weaponry , chain-link fences and cackling crooks .
A film for those who enjoy their steak bloody and their xenophobia served piping hot , making it for specialized moods . It 's not a moviegoing evening selected on a whim .
The magic is in the details , from the little surprises to the colorful casting .
Bullet to the Head indicates that we 're rapidly approaching an era of big-bang movies with stars on mobility scooters .
It 's just director Walter Hill tweaking his formula from the `` 48 Hrs . '' franchise .
` Bullet to the Head ' may be trashy , but it 's never dull .
Cut together like a beer commercial on poorly lit cheap video without much panache .
Yup , it 's Sylvester Stallone , back for another round as an aging action-movie star .
Walter Hill , a once estimable director -LRB- Hard Times , The Long Riders -RRB- and writer -LRB- The Getaway -RRB- , can not turn junk to jewellery . But star quality , however weird , glitters in all conditions .
An unapologetic rock 'em , sock 'em rumble of exploding squibs and bourbon bottles , the film could just as easily have been titled `` Guns , Boobs and Booze . ''
The real shock of Bullet to the Head is n't Stallone 's reliable inability to speak , but Walter Hill 's shoddy job in the director 's chair . The editing is brutal in all the wrong ways , as if whole scenes were lopped out at the last minute .
It strains to be lively and the basso-voiced Stallone works hard but there 's no disguising a dumb , unimaginative screenplay .
So , turn off your brain , delve back into the days when your 12-year-old , unskeptical self would watch crap like this on a regular basis , and embrace some shlocky , beefcakey action fun with Bullet To The Head
Director Walter Hill keeps things moving with brisk , muscular direction that does n't give us much time to think about inconsistencies in the story .
Seventy-one year-old action director Walter Hill -LRB- `` 48 Hrs . '' -RRB- partners for the first time with sixty-six year old action star Sylvester Stallone and while both have seen better days , Stallone , at least , can still deliver the goods .
Neither director Walter Hill nor star Stallone are in good form in this retro actioner , a throwback to 1980s genre flicks .
If it does n't exactly break new ground , Bullet to the Head reminds you of the pleasures of a genre that today is exploited primarily for comedy or satire .
Fans of generic genre action will get their money 's worth .
Even by contemporary standards , this is a brutal and stupid movie .
Stallone remains a growling star you ca n't take your eyes off - for all of the right and wrong reasons which put him on Hollywood 's pedestal in the first place .
Bwah bluh gurh -LSB- casual racism -RSB- fnuh buh gwugh -LSB- huge explosion -RSB- .
A brisk , lean , straight-shooting throwback to the world of 1980s action thrillers , the film even has Sylvester Stallone as its lead , a veritable 80s throwback himself , and one whose current career seems permanently stuck on repeat .
Tight , lean and linear , with little wasted motion , but also little complexity . . holds your attention without insulting your intelligence - too badly .
The style here - hairline-to-chin close-ups , nervous , jacked-up editing - is n't Hill at his best . But the movie has a certain grungy panache ...
Hill works his usual magic on the big confrontations -- the punches hit so hard that the sound of ax handles clacking is n't much blunter -- but elevating a generic piece of future cable-filler is n't the same as salvaging it .
This is the kind of brainless action movie Sylvester Stallone would have starred in circa 1985 . That it stars a Stallone who 's closer to 70 than 60 is just ... weird .
Dumb as rocks , thin as paper and dull as scissors , Bullet to the Head offers as much complexity and intelligence as you expect from a movie called Bullet to the Head .
Bullet To The Head is not so much a film as an extended homage .
There 's wryness in Bullet 's dependence on genre cliché and its aging star has a ball with his no-nonsense button-man .
Stallone looks great -LRB- even if his face does n't quite move when he talks -RRB- , while Hill brings lean economy to the film 's bloody , unapologetic mayhem .
If you 're looking for a fun and stylish old school action flick then you can probably do far worse than this .
OK , it 's like Bourne never happened but surely there 's a place for a retro-fest that delivers knowing smiles as well as thumping action .
For the most part this is a tedious , badly written , poorly paced and borderline incoherent thriller that should probably have gone straight to DVD .
Residual affection for the talent and a certain '80s nostalgia will make this amenable to some , but , in all honesty , it 's not up to much .
Stallone is still better than Schwarzenegger , but this is just as dumb as `` Last Stand , '' and choppy to the point of incoherence .
I love Sly , but this is the pits . Like a DTV actioner .
Walter Hill thoughtfully regards the pummeling power of weaponry at work .
Certainly noisy , occasionally amusing , but chiefly a reminder that the cinematic legacy of dull 1980s storytelling deserves a bullet of its own .
Fun in parts , and Stallone 's always watchable , but it 's an '80s tribute movie that coasts along on rapidly diminishing goodwill .
Compared to recent self-important Oscar epics , Bullet To The Head is tight , focused , no-nonsense fun . I ca n't tell you how much Les Mis would have been improved if Hugh Jackman and Russell Crowe had settled their differences by axe fight .
If buddy-movie Bullet To The Head rolls out just about every cliché in the book , at least it does so with a certain sass and panache .
Unashamedly a brain-ejecting excuse to watch Sylvester Stallone shoot people in the face .
A welcome return from one of the genre 's acknowledged masters .
Sleazy but dull , this glorified TV movie continues the self-destruction of the once-talented Walter Hill 's career .
To claim the dialogue is written to comfort the narratively challenged would be mere quibbling , as the pic 's chief pleasure lies in its store of funny lines , which Stallone tosses off with genuine brio .
A hard-hitting exercise in beefy , brainless fun ...

@highlight

Bullet to the Head 's unapologetically trashy thrills evoke memories of its star and director 's proud cinematic pasts -- but sadly , those memories are just about all it has to offer .