As Capote , Philip Seymour Hoffman is in complete control of his effects ... No other actor has the ability to laugh at his own jokes and be so appallingly funny .
An extraordinary performance by Philip Seymour Hoffman lays bare the man who sold his soul for one hell of a story .
It 's the acting that sings , especially when Hoffman duets with luminous Catherine Keener , the lady with the loveliest laugh in film . Hoffman 's writer is a self-serving egoist ; Keener 's a restrained , wise soul .
Phillip Seymour Hoffman must be nominated for his uncanny portrayal of Truman Capote . It 's frightening and fascinating .
Unfortunately , by the end of it , Capote is n't the only one who wants to turn to drink .
It 's a bravura one-man-show that feels somehow oddly empty , as if the void that existed in Capote himself is made manifest on the screen . The film does , however , pose some interesting questions about whether art is above morality . It 's a moot question .
Its power comes from the slow , steady build to the execution of Perry Smith , the man half-responsible for the murders of a farming family of four , and what that death does to Capote .
Miller and Futterman underscore the idea that what Capote 's achievement does to the story of Hickock and Smith and the Clutter killings is to remove it from the actual world and place it in a literary one .
In a career that has seen actor Phillip Seymour Hoffman play a vast array of characters -LRB- and very well at that -RRB- , Hoffman has found the role of a lifetime which he delivers with uncanny precision .
Aims for starkness but ends up as tastefulness
The Passion of Truman Capote
Hoffman tries , but mainly just gets the surface of Capote .
I am aware that virtually every critic in America if not on the planet has lauded Hoffman 's portrayal of the author and that I am in the minority . Watching Hoffman I felt something primal was missing from his interpretation ... To my mind , Hoffman 's work
... the one award I 'm sure it will win , Best Actor for Hoffman
a milestone in modern acting , and quite fascinating in any number of ways , particularly its depiction of the minutiae of the writer 's life .
all kinds of of ambitions -- noble and otherwise -- converge ; where self-doubt is less a necessary editor than an objection to be overcome .
A quiet but hypnotic film that earns its nominations .
The performance you 'll see in `` Capote '' is easily the best of the year . actually , the best of any year . It 's one of those turns that 'll be remembered for years to come , up with Welles in `` Citizen Kane '' , Brando in `` The Godfather '' , Nicholson in ''
Estupendo retrato de una personalidad compleja y fascinante que vale por sí mismo , más allá de la formidable caracterización de Philip Seymour Hoffman .
Hoffman 's conspicuously dapper turn as Capote should n't overshadow the murky , pervasively tense work of director Bennett Miller .
Sometimes movie biographies -LRB- even when dealing with fascinating people -RRB- are dry and familiar . Capote , on the other hand , is full of life .
Seymour da la actuación de su carrera , reviviendo el intelectualismo , la homosexualidad y el estilo corrosivo de uno de los más grandes narradores de Estados Unidos .
Hoffman is terrific in the lead role , brilliantly capturing Capote 's unusual , high pitched voice and camp mannerisms , while also hinting at the calculating darkness of the man within .
Philip Seymour Hoffman encarna as várias facetas do personagem com delicadeza exemplar .
Grounded in a superb screenplay , the film is entirely in the hand of Philip Seymour Hoffman as Capote , a remarkable performance that dares to dangle over the precipice of overstatement to capture a character who defies fiction .
And the Oscar goes to ...
... a multi-layered performance by Hoffman ... guide -LSB- s -RSB- the movie rather than a clear-cut narrative ...
A powerful , unsympathetic , no-frills portrayal of how steady moral decay corroded Capote 's powers of expression .
Hoffman is technically flawless in recreating the look , the voice and the mannerisms , but it 's more than that . What he 's doing approaches the supernatural .
The picture is filled with unusually fine performances , but the one at its center -LRB- Philip Seymour Hoffman -RRB- is the most serenely astonishing performance of the year .
Starts w/great promise , but eventually imprisons in the same languishing peril suffered by its main character . Still , Catherine Keener is smashing as Nelle Harper Lee .
it does a capable job of capturing a time and place , bringing to life several unforgettable personalities and illustrating the moral self-loathing of a writer whose real-life subject must die before he has a decent ending to his book .
a melancholy , stunning portrait of a man who -LRB- is -RRB- simultaneously writing his masterpiece and carving his tombstone .
Never will there be another author like `` Capote . ''
Even pre-biased to adore Hoffman , I was surprised and delighted by his nuanced performance .
Capote is the movie that will make Philip Seymour Hoffman a star , while posthumously turning the man it was named after into a monster .
Hoffman 's Capote , in any situation , in any company , is always himself , irresistible , infuriating , and ultimately inscrutable beneath the carefully calibrated veneer that could just as easily hide a heart too easily bruised or one made entirely of ice
Capote is a cool and polished hall of mirrors reflecting the ways in which Truman Capote came to write -LRB- and be written by -RRB- In Cold Blood .
I was impressed with Hoffman 's ability to so ably play someone so often imitated but never as good as in this performance .
Hoffman deserves the Academy Award . ... But screenwriter Dan Futterman should also receive recognition for penning a provocative work .
At once unmistakable and over-calculated , Hoffman 's performance , like the movie , feels like an act .
Often perversely entertaining , even if its core is dark , dark , dark .
-LSB- W -RSB- hatever advantage the moviemakers gain from their knowing detachment -LSB- from their impish , narcissistic protagonist -RSB- is discounted by the fact that they take for granted the greatness of In Cold Blood .
One of 2005 's best movies , with a performance by Philip Seymour Hoffman as Capote that right now is the one to beat in the pending awards season .
Capote , a brilliantly tense and disquieting film , covers only six years in the life of writer Truman Capote - - yet it brilliantly employs those years to convey Capote 's conflicted essence .
Despite Capote 's easygoing pace , the movie is intriguing and difficult to ignore , sort of like the author himself .
Hoffman finally gets the leading role he deserves , and he nails it perfectly .
The rarest of films that is not only superbly crafted in its own right but that also illuminates and expands upon our perception of another work .
Hoffman 's convincing characterization with wispy tonality of voice , effeminate manner , and social wit is not accompanied by a narrative content to match .
Quietly dazzles not just as a character study of the immensely complex author but also as a fascinating look at the relationship between a writer and his subject .
... -LSB- Hoffman 's -RSB- performance is a prodigious accomplishment
This is one of the best films of 2005 .
It 's what Hoffman finds lurking beneath Capote 's baby-faced exterior -- the intellect , the cruelty , and above all the self-destructive ambition -- that makes it a performance for the ages
A blazing wonder of a movie .
Suggests rather moralistically that Capote 's cold-blooded behavior contributed to his artistic and physical decline , as if he could have been saved by Dr. Phil or a hug .
Hoffman 's Truman Capote is an exacting portrayal .
At least gets close to greatness and is never less than mesmerizing .
Like Charlize Theron in Monster , Hoffman delivers an Oscar worthy performance , in a non-Oscar worthy film .
Philip Seymour Hoffman gives a tour de force performance as Truman Capote in a film that matches Hoffman 's authentic representation ...
... too willing to reduce its subject to one defining moment . Neither Hoffman nor Miller gives you anything to read between the lines .
... a portrait of the artist as a hollow man who 's both fascinating and slightly horrifying .
Philip Seymour Hoffman gets under the skin of late legendary author Truman Capote . So much so , in fact , that Hoffman ceases to exist and Capote is born again .
The Wildest Thing to Hit Kansas since Intelligent Design !
There 's an interesting story here , but it 's far more likely captured in Capote 's book than in this inconsistent film .
-LSB- A -RSB- grimly riveting unpeeling of Capote 's psyche ...
`` Capote '' proves a small-budget film can still afford a superb cast .
Usually a good book will spawn interest in a movie . In this case , a good movie will likely spawn interest in a book released almost 40 years ago .
As with Foxx , Hoffman 's acting is so immaculate that you do n't analyze his performance , you bask in its glow of seemingly effortless truth .
Dull . `` The Tiny Terror '' is presented as uninteresting and a watered-down passive-aggressive writer for our PC consumption .
Be prepared for a riveting journey into the creation of one of the most unsettling documents in American history : Capote .
goes even deeper than typical character studies by penetrating psychological layers that make the famous author as conflicted and memorable as the murderers
-LSB- Hoffman 's -RSB- performance is undeniably great . Everything else -- solid , satisfying though it may be -- falls short of that greatness .
Hoffman goes beyond impersonation to something close to possession .
Skillfully and economically put together .
The almost perfectly realized Capote -- stumbling only in the lack of shading it gives Keener 's and Greenwood 's characters -- offers a sobering glimpse at what the author had to give up of his soul to achieve his success .
In a brilliant , transformative performance , Hoffman plumbs this paradox , showing every color of the famous author whose mix of sensitivity , selfishness and self-loathing led to his death from alcohol and drugs in 1984 .
After the initial shock of hearing Capote 's familiar squeak of a voice , and seeing his no-nonsense walk and his flamboyant mannerisms , we realize Hoffman is going far deeper , giving us a portrait of uncommon subtlety and emotional depth .
A meditation on the artist 's obligations to the art and to society and lines that blur when you cross them .
A gut-wrencher , a sobering tale of how literary genius and moral emptiness combine to produce both great art and shattered lives .
Great drama does n't get much better than this .
It 's a fully realized look at a time and place as well as a riveting study of career obsessions warring with a sense of justice .
I came in expecting Hoffman 's tour de force and left with a fuller appreciation of the quiet yet lethal film around him . Lethal , because what it says about the writer 's craft , about what often gets destroyed in the name of creation .
It is complex and thoughtful and tragic in the end . And it is certainly one of the best movies of the year .
The best movie about journalism since All the President 's Men , and one of the best films about writing ever made .
Effective , albeit sometimes too-aloof , drama .
What saves us from restlessness is superb acting , especially from Collins as the enigmatically gentle killer and the magnificent Hoffman .
Hoffman 's portrayal goes beyond impersonation -- though he nails the high-pitched cadences and fey mannerisms -- to find the troubled soul of the man .
Hoffman wraps himself around the role like he 's clutching an electric blanket in a Juneau slaughter house
Miller , who directed the documentary The Cruise , and Futterman , whose debut screenplay is based on the biography by Gerald Clarke , show a writer 's eye for detail that even Capote would admire .
This spare , uncompromising portrait not only examines what drove the author but delves into the ethics of journalists who identify with their subjects , or pretend to , in order to report their stories .
I found myself admiring the movie 's technique without really buying what it sells .
What genuinely distinguishes the film ... is its willingness to ask questions -- many of which have no clear-cut answers -- about the basic decency of using true events to one 's personal advantage .
... the rare movie biography that avoids hero worship .
Capote 's sympathy for his subjects is always tempered by his ambition .
The genius of the film , besides Hoffman 's stunning performance , is that it knows exactly how much is enough . It never overplays , lingers or punches up .
Hoffman captures the writer in his complex , sometimes almost diabolically manipulative glory .
The great strength of Miller 's film -- aside from Hoffman 's brilliant portrayal -- is that it both tells the story behind Capote 's masterpiece , the true-crime tale In Cold Blood , and serves as an homage to it .
Engages both the practical and the moral implications of Capote 's achievement .
An outstanding film , a film worthy , if you can imagine , of the book at its heart .
Hoffman ... has always been an actor whose performances , no matter how small , leave a permanent impression . But his portrayal of Capote is in an entirely different league .
Capote might be the best movie ever made about the complex relationship between a serious writer and a vulnerable , though not guiltless , subject .
Hoffman and company make Capote well worth seeing . What makes the movie important is the way Capote exposes the work of journalism .
Hoffman may catch all the plaudits , but director Bennett Miller makes few false steps in this somber yet meticulously directed film .
Capote is a film of uncommon strength and insight .
Hoffman is doing brilliant work here , not just in impersonating the man , but in developing him into a full-fledged character , with subtleties , depth and motivations .
There was a sense of drain that I walked out with ; put both in Capote 's shoes and reeling from the see-saw examination of wickedness .
It has to be one of the most eerie , morbidly absorbing and psychologically compelling movies ever made about a writer in the agonizing process of creating an important piece of literature .
Sexy in a ghoulish way when it fails to be sexy in a revelatory way .
Beautifully made , but it regards Capote as a monster , and that 's not a helpful point of view for a movie that is trying to understand someone .
As is the case with Capote 's book , the film 's mixture of fact and artistry carries , in a strangely subdued , allusive way , enormous power .
As entertaining as it is insightful .
It 's about as close as film can come to capturing a man as he gradually loses all bearings and joy . At these moments , it 's hard to look at Capote . But it 's even harder to turn away .
It is exceptional in every sharp-eyed , low-keyed detail .
For those audience members who have read In Cold Blood or seen the 1967 film of the same name , Capote will make for a fascinating , enriching companion piece .
It 's a remarkably subtle , restrained performance , given that the actual Capote 's manner so often verged on self-parody .
... -LSB- a -RSB- revealing and intensely introspective biopic ... an amazing character study of a complex man captivated by his erratic times .
a biopic about a writer that , while not shedding any light on actual wordsmithing , gets at the artistic conundrum of gaining trust from subjects one may ultimately betray ...
Capote is a fine biopic that has a performance , by Philip Seymour Hoffman , that is one for the books .
Redeemed by Hoffman , who magnificently captures the shrill , needy egotism of the legendary author .
Whether you 're interested in the book or the man , what you 'll remember about this film is the magnificent achievement of Hoffman .
A haunting gin-and-J & B-soaked meditation on the classic American themes of murder and celebrity .
It is the finest portrait of an American author dramatized on film .
When it 's good -- which is very often -- Capote remembers what Capote forgot : Beware the reporter who thinks he 's the story .
Miller 's Capote , from a screenplay by Dan Futterman , has been rightly hailed for Philip Seymour Hoffman 's uncanny reincarnation of the late Truman Capote .
It could earn Oscar for the talented Philip Seymour Hoffman who brings the man , the myth and legend to life .
... the film itself is mere background dressing to Hoffman 's savviest performance to date .
Capote is a surprisingly effective and satisfying effort . Hoffman 's success in the role goes way beyond the rightness of his casting , just as the movie 's triumph goes well beyond Hoffman 's tour de force performance .
Not only does Hoffman deserve great praise , but also the movie itself , an assured first feature for filmmaker Miller .
Was Capote an altruistic artist or a fame-whore ? You decide . A brilliant debut from Bennett Miller .
Radiating serpentine self-absorption , Philip Seymour Hoffman embodies a youthful Truman Capote . -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB-
Miller singles out the most important and life-changing event in Truman Capote 's life and tells it with a furious focus .
A film to see and see again .
A marvelously rich and absorbing biopic of man and mystery and the subtle nuances that make twisted brilliance tick .
A character study as brilliantly insidious as it is humane .
Small-scaled and limited , Capote is nevertheless the most intelligent , detailed , and absorbing film ever made about a writer 's working method and character -- in this case , a mixed quiver of strength , guile , malice , and mendacity .
While much of the action is subtle , the impact is as searing and visceral as any film currently in theaters .
It 's a great film .
Moodily seductive .
Restrained in its presentation and dogged in its attention to detail , this is one terrific film with several outstanding performances highlighted by Hoffman in the lead role .
Capote is another full-house flush hand performance by Philip Seymour Hoffman .
At the center of this treatment as well as its human subject , there is a coldness around the heart .
A boffo performance , it 's here that the Oscar -LRB- R -RRB- race must begin . This is something that has to be seen to be believed and is worth the price of a ticket all by itself .
Let me put this bluntly : Capote is , without a doubt , one of the best films of the year .
It 's Philip Seymour Hoffman who steals the show . Steals ? He owns it outright .
This sober drama limning the roots of the artist 's inspiration and his ruthless ambition provides the great Philip Seymour Hoffman with one of his best roles yet .
The movie is both ruthlessly critical of its subject and unabashedly affectionate toward him , and Hoffman hits every note so it rings true .
Hoffman delivers a thrilling and profound Oscar-caliber performance that will haunt viewers well after the movie is over .
The kind of devastating portrait Capote dispassionately penned about others ; we 're left with the chilling impression of a frightfully ambitious creature who got exactly what he wanted and was damned by his own answered prayers .
This is fascinating stuff , a biopic -LRB- or something like it -RRB- that actually uses the form to shed light on its subject and the society surrounding him .
A devastating portrait of genius and narcissism .
Philip Seymour Hoffman 's performance and the subject matter are worth watching ... but the movie 's intensity never reaches the dramatic level of the story .
Entertainment by Philip Seymour Hoffman both fun and heartbreaking in the enthralling retelling of the American saga that was the end of Truman Capote .
Philip Seymour Hoffman has his best role to date -- perhaps the best he can ever hope to get .
Movies do n't get much better than this .
Capote is always kept aloft by the amazing performance at its center .
A quiet and introspective movie , Capote nonetheless offers an outsized performance as its prize attraction , something worth a look all on its own .
Philip Seymour Hoffman gives one of the year 's best performances as a writer who found a story that changed his life -- and all of journalism .
Miller rallies in a big way in the last half hour , giving us a conclusion that 's strong , intricate , perfectly logical , and heartbreaking .
Hoffman captures what is presented as an astonishing capacity for insinuation and connects it to a deep personal understanding of the basic human need for connection .
An incisively penetrating character study of the writer
An absorbing , emotionally challenging movie out of the dubious process -LRB- in terms of dramatic potential -RRB- of literary legwork .
I do n't think I 've ever seen another performance based on a famous artist that was as psychologically acute or troubling .
Hoffman goes beyond the surface mannerisms and diction . He disappears into Capote .
Philip Seymour Hoffman does a flat-out fabulous job as Tru , and it 's a compelling tale , particularly the dual meaning of `` In Cold Blood . ''
As much a compelling portrait of an often misunderstood author as it is a powerful crime drama
It teases , fascinates , and haunts .
Beautifully expresses the multiple shades of grey people try to ignore .
a non-stop , well-crafted , depressing venture
Bennett Miller 's film is a fascinating and fine-grained reconstruction of the period in which Truman Capote wrote In Cold Blood .
Acting does n't get much better than Philip Seymour Hoffman 's acid-etched -- yet oddly poetic -- portrait of Truman Capote .
-LSB- Capote -RSB- will demand recognition at next year 's Oscars .
Capote gives us a riveting depiction of an artist who desperately straddled the border between those two worlds .
... one of the most effective performances of Philip Seymour Hoffman 's career ...
A superlative performance by Philip Seymour Hoffman as the famous writer whose need to be special manifests itself as both entertaining and deeply disturbing .
Hoffman 's unmissable and unforgettable performance as Truman Capote should make him the front-runner for every Best Actor prize in the book .
Capote is the best film of the year .
Philip Seymour Hoffman gets it perfect in Capote , with a star turn both meteoric and mesmerizing . This is not an example of a fine actor bringing charisma to a movie . Lock , stock and barrel , he is the movie .
A biopic of his life could make an interesting 90 minute movie . A film about a short period he spent writing his famous book makes a slow , uninteresting 110 minute movie .
What 's missing here is the reason anyone would want to watch a film about Capote : his writing talent .
An exceptional movie that digs deeply into an artist at the height of his creativity .
Philip Seymour Hoffman disappears into the title role , yet the movie is fundamentally superfluous
The mesmerizing performance of Philip Seymour Hoffman as the celebrated writer dominates every scene , while director Bennett Miller and screenwriter Dan Futterman 's penetrating study enthralls in every aspect .
Rich in ideas and moral-erotic ambiguity , Capote is a riveting drama about the celeb 's most crucial decade , during which he wrote In Cold Blood , his seminal non-fiction novel








@highlight

Philip Seymour Hoffman 's riveting central performance guides a well-constructed retelling of the most sensational and significant period in author Truman Capote 's life .