I do not normally ever say this , but The Awakening actually offended me it was so egregiously bad .
If you 're in the mood for some serious spooks with solid acting , The Awakening is worth checking out ; but I would n't go out of my way if you 're looking for anything more than that .
A concise little old-school British ghost story , and I say there 's always room for a few more of those .
a ghost story that wants to be more than just a ghost story , but in the process of trying to be a movie that transcends a genre , it insults the genre
The Awakening glides ghost-like through its story , laying its own elaborate traps along the way .
The Awakening is a handsome , well-acted thriller with a script that 's never cringe-inducing . So why did it sneak its way onto home video with no fanfare ?
-LSB- Rebecca Hall -RSB- captures Florence 's flinty intelligence and the vulnerability that emerges as she slowly discovers the school 's dark secrets .
Though the story spirals a little out of control in the film 's final scenes , `` The Awakening '' offers the low-key pleasures of an old-fashioned thriller and a lovely central performance .
Whatever .
Pretty good , but more pretty than good .
Murphy exhibits a deft touch for a first-timer and can feel satisfied that his film honours the tradition of such spooky Brit works as The Haunting and The Innocents .
... manages some effectively creepy imagery along with a few clever plot twists .
The cast is anchored by two wonderful actresses : Imelda Staunton and Rebecca Hall , whose talents are squandered on this lackluster horror drama .
Exquisite production design and admirable performances ca n't overcome the lackluster scares .
Murphy shows tremendous skill with genre elements , helping The Awakening to overcome its formulaic origins , keeping attention on panic and skepticism , not just on cheap thrills .
Though slightly undone by a twist that demands a grain or two too much credulity on the part of the viewer , it nonetheless triumphs as a tone poem of an unsettled zeitgeist that plays cat-and-mouse with that same viewer right until the very end .
A strong , moving performance by Rebecca Hall coupled with an eerie atmosphere thanks to the top-notch cinematography provides enough palpable tension and scares to compensate for its weak , convoluted ending .
While it offers more goosebumps than gasps , it 's a pleasurable reminder of the sort of discreet supernatural thriller that was once a staple but is now , unhappily , a rarity .
The big climactic reveal intended to explain the entire movie ends up being both confusing and ridiculous .
West is so underused , he barely gets to raise an eyebrow in this watchable but pedestrian film , with Hall ghostbusting in a Downton Abbey setting . Cliched and never chilling .
When these sudden surprises work , as in `` A Beautiful Mind '' or `` The Others , '' you 're too stunned to swallow that next handful of popcorn ; when they do n't , you 're tempted to throw your whole box at the screen .
A dull British import that never lives up to the pretensions of its period setting .
An enjoyably old-fashioned ghost story in the vein of `` The Others '' and `` The Orphanage . ''
`` The Awakening '' is nonsense , but with its posh British cast and colors drained to near-gray , it 's very solemn nonsense .
Delivers a series of well-chosen jolts and unsettling ideas . Otherwise , gee , it really is quite a lot like countless other pictures that have come before it .
A lot of tension and buildup leads us to ... well , it 's hard to say .
`` The Awakening '' takes so many unnecessary twists and turns that the final one , which should be a biggie , ends up feeling inconsequential .
For all of its airs of refinement , `` The Awakening '' is pretty stale stuff .
This is a truly haunting story , beautiful to look at and involving all the atmosphere you can eat .
The film benefits enormously from having the luminous Rebecca Hall as its lead . It also gains an ominous gravity from the haunted , wounded and wobbly England in which it 's set .
This stately chiller owes a lot to 1960s British flicks like `` The Innocents '' and `` The Haunting , '' but unfortunately heads towards cliches with every step .
There is nothing in the film that will keep you awake at night . Instead , `` The Awakening '' works much more subtly , with a profound sense of dread and resignation , a death-obsessed movie given life by Hall 's performance .
It 's routine stuff as horror setups go , especially if you 've seen such obvious influences as The Orphanage and The Others .
The Awakening is both a ghost story and an exploration of mourning and survivor 's guilt , though a late twist turns the film away from its delicate merging of these two themes into something both more plotty and stilted .
The film takes pains to ensure that the story feel like laborious toil rather than a trip through the dark side of the ethereal .
This handsomely made spook story -LRB- love those echo-prone hallways ! -RRB- becomes less involving the more the narrative 's mysteries are solved .
Hall 's committed performance validates even the maddest developments , and she slips into the period well , recalling Virginia Woolf in her lank , swan-necked bearing and tremulous suffering .
If cinema is a dream , ` The Awakening , ' I suppose , has just enough oomph to keep you hitting snooze
A haunting film and Rebecca Hall 's performance is something that sets it apart from other recent ghost story movies , but the ending may leave you more confused than thrilled .
You want scary ? Stick to the ghost ride in Coney Island .
Dominic West personifies the melancholia of a country overwhelmed by death .
Nick Murphy 's bigscreen directorial debut has good atmospherics that only go so far to prop up a mystery whose overdue explanation is convoluted and underwhelming .
-LSB- VIDEO ESSAY -RSB- `` The Awakening '' is all about mood and tone . Peepholes , poison , and long dim hallways with ghosts at the end of them just never get old .
This is no classic of a notoriously difficult genre , but if you can forgive the silly conclusion , it 's still satisfyingly scary .
When the convoluted explanation comes , it 's too silly to justify the film 's self-serious tone .
The movie is best when in sceptical mode . It goes astray when it essays a kind of tragic poetry along the lines of The Turn of the Screw .
Gets dafter and dafter as it progresses .
A truly fine effort , a worthy reminder of the quality of traditional British pictures and just how good the ghost genre can be when it relies on space , time and simple creaks for effect .
The film is full of familiar scenes of ghostly goings-on , which lead to an unshocking shock ending .
The Awakening is a classy old-fashioned ghost tale in the tradition of The Turn Of The Screw
Winter and Christmas are traditionally times for ghost stories , and The Awakening is a classy one .
I have to say I found the final , colossal revelation to be contrived , but there are some nicely creepy moments ...
Well cast and acted , with Imelda Staunton as the school matron , the picture is watchable and handsomely made but it 's rather weakly plotted and never truly chills .
Rarely does a horror film make the back of your neck tingle with the calibre of its performances as well as its jumps and jolts - but The Awakening , a beautifully mounted ghost story in the style of The Turn of the Screw , provides chills of both kinds .
Everything about this classic ghost story is assured , from the shell-shocked performances to the period detail , from the time-layered locations to the bleached-out palette - all held together by an exquisitely crafted screenplay from Stephen Volk ...
Murphy has produced a mind-bending and foreboding suspense thriller full of intriguing dead ends and plausible accounts .
Yes , it gets a little melodramatic and nonsensical towards the end , but it 's still compelling . I left feeling a little shaken and unnerved .
There 's enough happening in The Awakening to keep you awake .
-LSB- E -RSB- legantly creepy tale of a haunting that , wonder of wonders , one may approach equally well from the perspective of total supernatural belief or entrenched skepticism ...
A ridiculous revelation and a redundant sexual assault undercut all good sense , as fierce rationality gives way to absurd contrivance and hysteria .
Creepy , jumpy , if somewhat samey , it 's set above the spooker norm by its strong visuals , grief-steeped period setting and lingering ambiguity .
There 's little here to add to the well-worn haunted house genre .
The Awakening is a tense , classic ghost story given extra backbone by top-notch acting . Shame about the ending .
An enjoyably creepy ghost story heightened by a terrific central performance from Rebecca Hall , though it 's slightly let down by an exposition-heavy script and a disappointing finale .
While it is not a stand out in its genre , it overcomes the odd dose of over-familiarity with confident filmmaking and some technical flair .
... an egregiously familiar ghost story that simply is n't able to wholeheartedly justify its existence ...
A too-rare instance in which a gifted young actor signs on for a fright flick without coming away tainted , The Awakening places Rebecca Hall in a convincing historical setting and gives her more to do than widen her eyes in fear .


@highlight

The Awakening never quite quickens the pulse the way it should , yet it remains a well-acted and handsomely assembled example of an old-fashioned supernatural thriller .