There is a good film here struggling to emerge , but I would have preferred either an all-Indian Austen adaptation , or a Bollywood musical that tried to incorporate the Hindu diaspora .
If you want a wacky multicultural pairing to make you laugh a lot and learn a little , head for the movie theater playing Bride & Prejudice .
full review in Greek
... a funny , festive , genre-bending adaptation of Austen 's Pride and Prejudice .
Frothy , feel-good fun .
Austen goes to Bollywood .
The Austen story is a true delight ...
Do we really need more adaptations of Pride & Prejudice ?
Every so often , the unseen managers of the galaxy bestow on us mere mortals a vision of rare incongruous beauty : a solar eclipse , a streaking comet , a shooting star , Bollywood goddess Aishwarya Rai happily riding a tractor .
Or , how to use only the worst parts of three different genres .
Its weakness is its bland predictability . But for the fan of Bollywood films or old-fashioned romances , its weakness may be its strength .
Bride & Prejudice is like a curry milkshake or Tandoori kippers . It 's a mix that some might find appetizing , but it does n't quite come off .
Rental With Snacks only because it did n't do a lot to reinvent the source material , but it does deserve to be seen in raging giant screen Technicolor .
It 's impossible not to be charmed by Chadha 's direction and the movie 's sheer invention .
Prior knowledge of Austen 's plot is not essential to enjoying ` Bride , ' but a willingness to roll along with Chadha 's zany ideas is .
There 's much to like about Bride & Prejudice ... but the end result looks and feels like a cut-rate version of the Bollywood and Hollywood sensibilities .
Whacky Bollywood update of British author Jane Austen 's caustic comedy of manners of some 200 years ago .
The insertion of musical numbers into the plotline can be alternately charming or downright intrusive , depending on the songs ' highly varying quality , as well as the dubbed voices of the performers .
As Monsoon Wedding was to Crouching Tiger , Bride and Prejudice is in a measure to , say , Rumble in the Bronx or Jackie Chan 's First Strike .
While the film is slightly flawed , it is impossible to outright dislike it .
A colorful , high-energy musical that sizzles in this East-meets-West clash of cultures .
Gutsy director Gurinder Chadha ... bends it like Bollywood this time -- the ` it ' being the relatively sacred prose of British novelist Jane Austen .
Joyous fun with a strong , positive Indian sensibility . A beautiful cast certainly helps .
An impudent , exuberant Bollywood twist of traditional Jane Austen
It 's got moments , it 's got performances to recommend , but they still have n't figured out how to create the magic of Bollywood in a form for the US market .
Director Gurinder Chadha scored a flukey hit with the singularly annoying Bend It Like Beckham . Bride And Prejudice is louder , broader and even more crass .
It was a bad decision to pair Rai with Australian actor Henderson , who comes up a little short in the charisma department . Darcy is supposed to be abrasive at first , but here he 's just dull .
How much you like -LSB- it -RSB- will hinge on how readily you accept the notion of people busting out into song in an Amritsar bazaar or seeing a gospel choir ... on the beach .
The concept of blending Bollywood energy with British classicism in ` Bride and Prejudice ' is an interesting one . Too bad it does n't work .
Faithfully adapts Jane Austen 's -LRB- work -RRB- without sacrificing any of the frivolous joy that infects most Bollywood productions .
It feels as utterly clueless as the American tourist whose vulgar behavior pushes everyone away .
Bride is far less polished than Beckham , but Aishwarya Rai makes an appealing heroine , and the movie 's musical numbers are a treat to behold .
The style is visually stunning and the romance is sweet and innocent .
A purposely corny but thoroughly entertaining piece of melting pot cinema .
If the movie were always as footloose and creative as it is during the musical numbers , it would be brilliant , rather than pedestrian .
... this is a film that is so full of energy and fun that it is impossible not to find it delightful . If only Hollywood offerings could be this overflowing with exuberance .
The comedy is broad and the acting larger-than-life ...
Showing off her charisma , chops , and charm , Aishwarya Rai shows that there 's no language more universal than simple star quality .
By the time two newlywed couples lumber toward their honeymoons atop bejeweled elephants , the movie 's frothy excess and good humor can make you say ` I do , ' too .
Who would have guessed that transposing the Bennet family of Netherfield Park in 1790s Britain to a middle-class home in contemporary Amritsar , India would require so little forcing ?
It 's much fun , featuring good-looking people in exotic climes , singing and dancing with wild abandon .
If you 're not giggling or tapping your feet or swaying back and forth in your seat during this one , have someone check your pulse .
A painlessly light introduction to Bollywood moviemaking , but it far too often feels like run-of-the-mill Hollywood fare .
Henderson , whose bland good looks , troubling '80s haircut and vanilla personality call to mind a younger , boring Matthew Modine , registers as flat and lifeless amid the film 's gorgeous , energetic swirl .
The musical numbers are still more diverting than the dramatic moments , where the romance is rarely romantic and the stabs at broad comedy fall flat .
A rollicking good time at the movies .
What is silly about Bride is also what makes it special . That and its leading lady , the luminous Aishwarya Rai .
Transforms Austen 's masterpiece into a Bollywood version of chick-lit ...
Does n't quite do justice to Austen , despite its attempt to pay her homage .
For those who love this kind of stuff , it 's pure popcorn pleasure .
Unlike Heckerling , Chadha fails to find a workable colloquial equivalent for Austen 's period wit .
As colorful and tasty as Skittles , Bride and Prejudice surges along breathlessly for an admirably long time . It 's not until it slowly grinds to a halt near the end that the sugar high crashes .
The kaleidoscopic spectacles rival those of the kinetic Monsoon Wedding .
The lyrics for the musical numbers are delightfully clever , the dancing has an energetic , let 's - put-on-a-show quality , and the movie is as gorgeous to look at as its cast .
The colours of the Amritsar street scenes are fabulous , and this is clearly a movie that has a good heart . It 's just too bad that it 's such a sloppy example of filmmaking .
Bollywood and Jane Austen -- the worst mismatch since Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie Presley .
Bollywood bellyflop .
It 's very colorful , for sure , but the dialogue is lead-footed at best .
Fun , fanciful flick takes Jane Austen 's novel , spreads it out over three continents , and injects song , dance , and a colorful environment not seen in 1813 England .
Let 's face it , the story 's a winner , and Director Gurinder Chadha ... takes full advantage of its possibilities , adding the exuberance of song and dance .
It 's a mediocre exercise in cultural hybridization .
A colourful collision of cultures and attitudes , Bride and Prejudice is an energetically vibrant reworking of Jane Austen 's story about love and marriage .
cute but ultimately meaningless
No one but Ashanti , could look so perfectly out of place and at ease at the same time .
A big , sprawling , sweet-natured mishmash with plots upon subplots and enough characters to make the head spin .
This feels more like a mixed-up Bollywood sitcom .
An awkward match : Gloriously seductive musical sequences seem suddenly hokey and self-conscious when they 're staged in Western settings , and the songs ' English-language lyrics are painfully banal .
Watch it as a movie musical and you may be disappointed ; watch it as an experiment in genres and be intrigued ; watch it for the birth of an international star and be dazzled .
Bollywood films often match musical spectacle with heightened drama , but Bride & Prejudice lacks even mild drama , and its absence becomes glaring once the music stops .
Bride & Prejudice may be the most excruciating translation of lit to twit since Ross Hunter 's Lost Horizon staged a fertility dance in old Shangri-La .
Bride and Prejudice is bright , colorful , and exhilarating , and brings new dimensions to a story that has been told so many times that it 's astounding to recognize that someone has found a fresh perspective .
Bride & Prejudice has a goofy exuberance that 's incredibly disarming .
Though nobody will mistake it for the real thing , Bride & Prejudice is the best attempt at adapting Bollywood style to Western tastes since Moulin Rouge .
B&P is an example of a little excess going a long way .
A colorful cavort in songs and saris , Bride & Prejudice has infectious high spirits , though its showmanship upstages plot and characters .
Adorable , joyful and sweet .
It 's joyous , and the colorful cacophony of phoniness becomes it .
It 's part sitcom , part musical comedy and all extremely silly .
Bride & Prejudice is a fun family movie , with eye candy for everyone in the audience .
A free-spirited adaptation of the Jane Austen novel .
Gurinder Chadha 's Bride and Prejudice is a pretty movie , but it 's also a pretty crazy one .
In attempting to show us a love blind to class , culture , and color , -LSB- Chadha has -RSB- also made it bland .
Suffers from some overly long musical numbers and other pacing issues but you 'll likely find yourself with a ` aahhh , how sweet is that ? ' grin on your face as you watch .
I think there 's some unmined potential here , but hopefully it can be the launching pad for more in depth Bollywood style musical literary updates to come .
Chadha has an eye for casting and visual color , and a knack for goosing the story along with modernized references ... -LSB- and -RSB- musical numbers ...
Although -LSB- certain -RSB- issues detract from the movie 's effectiveness as a star vehicle , nevertheless this humorous , lighthearted journey is mostly a pleasant one .
a bright , splashy , and very smart film infused with wit and warmth
Though anxious -- one might even say desperate -- to please ... more contrived than charming , neither western fish nor eastern fowl .
-LSB- O -RSB- ne of those rare films that I never wanted to be over -- I sat through the end credits out of a sheer inability to let the film slip away from me .
Brit-lit-meets-Bollywood hybrid is a bit of a mishmash , but it 's also bright , breezy fun .
I assume director Chadha was hoping to achieve the ultimate East meets West musical comedy , but in almost every way imaginable , she has failed in her mission .
Chadha lampoons the archaic notion that a woman 's sole value is based on how well she marries .
Chadha infuses the story with energy and her film bumps along as noisily as a plane on a rutted runway .
It 's hard not to warm to this brash , slaphappy , Technicolored lummox of a movie as it coasts to a wonderfully daffy conclusion at the Santa Monica Pier .
There 's a real sense of unbridled spectacle here , which extends to putting a gospel choir on the beach in Santa Monica for the film 's L.A. sequences , and it 's best to simply let it all wash over you .
Chadha proves that Austen 's material is timeless , but not tireless .
A more-than-pleasant diversion .
Gurinder Chadha 's film , which transports Jane Austen 's 1813 novel to 21st-century India , is as high concept and rife with cliche as anything ever churned out by Hollywood .
Bride works because of its heedless , heart-on-its-sleeve spirit .
Bride & Prejudice may not be necessary . Sometimes it is n't even fun . But it never stops jumping .
Bride very well may be the first not-so-great film since Viva Las Vegas that I watched with an ear-to-ear grin throughout . It 's pure pleasure .
It 's not insightful , but it sure is a lot of fun .
An effervescent crowd-pleaser .
Gurinder Chadha transplants the traditional tale of manners to India , infusing the tired story with dance numbers , orange marigolds , and Bollywood star , Aishwarya Rai .
... song-and-dance interludes are colorful and unabashedly unhinged from any notion of realism ...
This festively busy and exuberantly multicultural charmer is its own intriguingly postmodern creation -- a savory entertainment as irresistibly faux-exotic as a Putumayo CD sampler of world music .
Chadha 's attempt to mix East and West just does n't work .
Jane Austen would approve .
It just knocks you out visually . The colors are intense , reminiscent of the Glorious three strip Technicolor , circa ' 35 - ' 55 . All singing , all dancing , all fun !
If you 're a fan -LSB- of Bollywood movies -RSB- , by all means , go and see it . If you are not , then be aware .
If , according to the film , everyone has their hands on India , direcctor Gurinder Chadha similarly has her hands on the American box office .
Go see this on the big screen to fully appreciate the vibrant colors and music .
Grabs a hold and does n't let go until you 're smiling .
Purists who think Austen will be spinning in her grave will be wrong . She 'll be dancing .
A delightful patchwork quilt musical blending elements of Bollywood and Jane Austen .
Although more winning than anticpated , this colorful film suffers from vapid acting and trite characters .
It all has the trajectory of every Disney animated film of the '90s featuring a feisty femme .
It 's enjoyable , colourful , exuberant and ultimately a surprisingly faithful adaptation of a near perfect book .
Resistance to the picture 's evident wish to please becomes futile . In the end , it 's impossible not to smile .
Gurinder Chada 's film has all the feminist clout of a giant blancmange
Delights in setting itself up as a target for cultural purists but triumphs with its devil-may-care , good-humored fun .
What Chadha loses in the sly subtext that made Austen 's novel so compelling , she makes up for with wit and mischief .
Cleverly turns Jane Austen 's classic story into a colourful Bollywood epic that 's thoroughly good fun , even if it does n't live up to the promise .











@highlight

A colorful and energetic adaptation of Austen 's classic .