The very nature of Atlas Shrugged -- turning on its head all the typical clichés of who 's a hero and who 's a villain and its refreshing honesty about the way Washington works-gives it a certain liberating energy .
Every cult needs its own wacky trainwreck of a movie ... and now the cult of Ayn Rand gets Atlas Shrugged , Part 1 .
The awfulness of Atlas Shrugged continues a trend , since the cinema has never treated Rand very well .
Although it 's not as bad as its trailer might suggest , this first part of a projected three-part series will probably please the already converted but bore and annoy just about everyone else .
While staying true to Rand 's vision , Atlas Shrugged : Part 1 suffers from poor directing and it lacks the sleekness it needs to connect with audiences .
An eye-rollingly clumsy amble through a Middle Earth of Monopolists -- aimed at Ayn Rand cultists and their fellow travelers
Atlas Shrugged is a passionless experience that feels like a TV movie/miniseries . It 's flat , poorly plotted , thinly performed and dull to its core
To quote : ` The Lord of the Rings and Atlas Shrugged . One is a childish fantasy that often -LSB- leads -RSB- to an emotionally stunted , socially crippled adulthood , unable to deal with the real world . The other , of course , involves orcs .
This dubious distillation of Ayn Rand 's objectivist philosophy is a glorified smack around the head with a sociology textbook .
Think of it as The Omega Code for corporations . There might be a good story in there if it were n't trying too hard to make a political point .
Made on the cheap with no-name stars , this is no better than a stilted anachronistic curiosity , a low-rent version of the eighties ' prime-time soap Dallas , with the industrial concerns and sexual mores of 1950s , all , somehow , set in 2016 .
A talky bore that spends too much time in wood-panelled offices and at chatter-heavy parties that were clearly shot on the cheap .
There is something inherently noble about making a movie that gets the audience to think a little deeper . A dose of clarity and a pinch of fun never hurt either .
... a respectful -LRB- and generally respectable -RRB- filming ...
You can feel them straining against the limitations -- moreso than the budget , the time compression . They fought the good fight as well as they possibly could .
Its underlying worldview has little to do with its failure ... . this could 've , and by all rights should 've , been a TV miniseries .
Atlas Shrugged : Part I is in many ways charmingly oblivious to its inherent contradictions and the fact that its capitalist titans appear to be squatting in old , abandoned Dynasty sets , eating food-court baked potatoes .
As timely as a Tea Party rally , Ayn Rand 's novel finally reaches the screen - at least a part of it does .
It has a story , I suppose , and it even kind of has conflict ... Mostly , it has talking . Weirdly esoteric talking about weirdly esoteric things .
I am not advocating for Rand 's political point of view . It is worth a discussion . Only it deserves a better discussion than is given in Atlas Shrugged : Part 1 .
This Sharktopus-budget-level cheap , badly-acted , clumsily-written and stiffly-directed movie ... still has a lot to offer film fans on both sides of the Great Ayn Rand Divide .
Apart from its deficiencies as fiction , whatever its philosophical limitations -LRB- the rich and able should only help themselves in Rand 's `` Objectivism '' -RRB- , the book proves proudly indigestible on film .
Delivers exactly what its credentials suggest -- a clunky , frequently silly , dubiously acted , barely directed TV movie .
Serves up a perfect society based on abdication by the rest of us to a snobby affluent egghead elite , in a sort of brazen brainocracy . And with a weird Greed Is Fabulous mantra , laced with topsy turvy Marxism extolling bossy CEO suits in mass rebellion .
There 's a whole lot of declaiming here , with people talking at , and not to , each other about their political viewpoints , and with none of the characters changing at all from beginning to end .
Lifeless as entertainment and incoherent as ideology .
Even the staunchest Objectivists will object to a final product that is , for all intents and purposes , little more than this decade 's `` Battlefield Earth , '' albeit with fewer Dutch angles and somewhat neater facial hair .
However controversial , Rand 's ideas deserve better than this watered-down , uninspired bilge .
This comically tasteless and flavorless adaptation of Ayn Rand 's bombastic magnum opus delivers her simplistic nostrums with smug self-satisfaction .
... succeeds in creating heroes of the main characters , making the mystery of John Galt ... compelling , and setting up the remaining two parts of the trilogy .
The film is curiously sterile and lifeless , hardly the stuff of revolution . It feels more like an ideologically reversed Tucker : The Man And His Dream , written and performed by robots .
For decades , Atlas Shrugged has been considered unfilmable , too long for one movie and too didactic for mass appeal . The version that finally emerged - based on the book 's first 10 chapters - does n't do much to alter those perceptions .
Kudos to Atlas Shrugged for bringing Ayn Rand 's iconic novel to the big screen at long last . Now , about that script ...
-LSB- A -RSB- DIY megaproduction ... whose ambition vastly exceeds its technical command .
Ayn Rand 's monumental 1,168-page , 1957 novel gets the low-budget , no-talent treatment and sits there flapping on screen like a bludgeoned seal .
The first in a proposed trilogy , `` Atlas Shrugged : Part 1 '' is nearly as stilted , didactic and simplistic as Rand 's free-market fable .
Though a bit stiff in the joints and acted by an undistinguished cast amid TV-movie trappings , this low-budget adaptation of Ayn Rand 's novel nevertheless contains a fire and a fury that makes it more compelling than the average mass-produced studio item .
Do n't hold your breath for parts 2 and 3 .
A low-budget film with more than a whiff of amateurism in its writing and direction .
Sitting through this picture is like watching early rehearsals of a stage play that 's clearly doomed .
Atlas Shrugged . I arched eyebrow , scrunched forehead , yawned .
About to lose his long-held rights to Ayn Rand 's novel , and perhaps to cash in on apparent Tea Party interest and support , producer John Aglialoro ... rushed this film into a low-budget production and it shows in every frame .
The acting is so poor and the story so badly told that the viewer 's feelings about Rand 's novel -- an epic ode to free-market fundamentalism -- are almost immaterial -LRB- though if you 're a devoted fan , you 'll perhaps be more forgiving -RRB- .
This movie is crushingly ordinary in every way , which with Rand I would n't have thought possible .
Let 's say you know the novel , you agree with Ayn Rand , you 're an objectivist or a libertarian , and you 've been waiting eagerly for this movie . Man , are you going to get a letdown .
The shame of `` Atlas Shrugged : Part I , '' irrespective of politics and prose , is that a work so long-discussed has been so blatantly bastardized in the name of a quick buck .
Not all books should be made into movies , and this is one of them .
Flubbed , under-produced representation of the first third of Ayn Rand 's still controversial novel bodes ill for parts two and three .
Part one of a trilogy that may never see completion , this hasty , low-budget adaptation would have Ayn Rand spinning in her grave .
Look , the problem with adapting Atlas Shrugged in the first place is that it 's just not a great story .

@highlight

Passionate ideologues may find it compelling , but most filmgoers will find this low-budget adaptation of the Ayn Rand bestseller decidedly lacking .