... Sydney White 's astounding lack of positive attributes cements its place as an utterly worthless endeavor .
Sydney helps a group of geeks with the most mundane tasks , such as tying shoes , and waking up and there is n't one ounce of believability in the journey .
This surprisingly clever coed reworking of Snow White does for dorks what Revenge of the Nerds did for , well , you know .
rather clever ! Bynes is her usual bubbly , entertaining-self
Audiences will identify more with Sydney White 's misfit cast than its bland leading lady .
Strictly for teenage girls , Sydney White is not totally without charms , but is too breathless , too cheesy and far too dorky to leave a favourable impact .
A Grimm prospect for fairytale traditionalists , but breezy enough to stop tweens feeling sleepy .
A decent vehicle for Bynes .
Despite a predictable and formulaic storyline , there are enough genuine laugh-inducing moments ... that Sydney White is rarely boring if not exactly fresh or original .
I look forward to when Bynes graduates to more mature and sophisticated comedy .
He -LSB- Joe Nussbaum -RSB- pretty much directs by the numbers .
This is one of those `` eh '' flicks , entirely mediocre .
A lot of the acting is in the broad Disney Channel style .
... pretty standard mean-girls stuff , made enjoyable by the deft casting of Bynes ...
Tween star hits college ; drinking , hazing ensue .
A perky and chaste Y.A. update on Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
Sydney White is n't incompetently made . It 's not even particularly offensive . It 's just very , very uninspired and almost instantly forgettable .
Whoever thought to merge `` Snow White '' with `` Revenge of the Nerds '' had a clever idea there . And you can watch it unfold in `` Sydney White . ''
One of the dopiest , goofiest , and yes , I guess you can say , sneezy-ist and sleepy-ist , movies of the year .
... should satisfy Bynes fans looking for a pleasant , innocuous follow-up to her last vehicle .
Even by its limited genre standards it fails on almost every level , but I did n't hate it .
Perfect for the kids and inviting for adults , Sydney White is a surprisingly effective film that produces nothing but piles of smiles - and Amanda Bynes is the reason why .
Bynes gives it the old college try , though , in a watered-down combination of Legally Blonde and Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
As for the creators ' notions that all Jewish boys are Orthodox nerds with flopping peyos and that all homosexuals are drag queens , what the hell ! It 's only 2007 .
Screenwriter Chad Gomez Creasey cutely updates the ` Snow White ' fairy tale -LRB- instead of a magic mirror , Rachel consults a MySpace popularity poll -RRB- and writes scenes that play up Bynes ' bubbly personality .
By the end of the film , if you have n't figured out that the film is supposed to be a remake of a fairy tale , the film has walloped you about the head and shoulders with that point so frequently you 'd have to be willfully not paying attention to miss it .
Neither as funny as it thinks it is nor as tough to sit through as many other movies of this sort , ` Sydney ' is custom-made for viewers who have n't taken their ACTs yet .
Ms. Bynes , with her cherubic face , expressive eyes and comic timing , helps create a positive , pleasing diversion that caters to the geek in all of us .
Sydney White 's message of embracing all kinds of people and not quaking in fear of the elite and popular is a sound one , but each twist and turn is so telegraphed and expected that the story feels wan and the comedy feeble .
Sydney White is an adorably clever re-thinking of a classic fairy tale .
How hard could it be to make a clever parody of Snow White ? Very hard , apparently .
In Sydney White , -LSB- Bynes -RSB- actually has decent material to work with -- the Snow White concept is clever and the dialogue is fairly sharp .
Completely undemanding and entirely predictable , this Amanda Bynes vehicle , nevertheless , offers plenty of charm , a lot of laughs , and that rarest of commodities , a smart , independent , can-do heroine .
Sydney is forgettable teenybopper flotsam -- but it 's better than the usual teenybopper flotsam .
Part fairy tale , part college comedy , totally unoriginal and a tad offensive , Sydney White stars Amanda Bynes as a new student who starts a rebellion against the school 's oppressive Greek establishment .
Snow White joins a sorority and gets some Revenge of the Nerds friends in Sydney White , a cute comedy for girls .
On television , Amanda Bynes ' tendency toward slapstick can come across as sitcom-cute . Blown up on the big screen , it 's the equivalent of a hammer hitting you over the head . For 90 minutes . In surround sound .
Its silly Snow White allusions aside , Sydney White is a simple but amiable modern fairy tale about a young woman -LRB- Amanda Bynes -RRB- who heads off to college determined to pledge her dead mom 's sorority .
Bynes still has plenty of charm , and Sydney White is too sweet and innocuous to damage her career . If she really wants to grow up on screen , though , she needs to graduate to better roles .
That Sydney White is as tolerable as it is -- you 're more likely to gently nod off than storm out of the theatre in a rage -- is due largely to the presence of Amanda Bynes .
As Sydney White again demonstrates , -LSB- Amanda Bynes -RSB- just does n't seem to have found a script that lives up to her comic potential .
Dorks deserve better than this . Amanda Bynes deserve better than this . Most importantly , audiences deserve better than this .
This is not your middle-schooler 's Amanda Bynes . While her female fans will appreciate that 21-year-old Bynes is growing up with them , maybe her next movie will stretch beyond the fractured fairy tale .
Sydney White is actually one of the better Amanda Bynes vehicles . Yes , it is silly , and there 's more sexually suggestive humor than you might prefer . But there 's also some charm to it all .
Sydney White , according to its producers , is a sequel to Hilary Duff 's A Cinderella Story , and it shares with that 2004 film the vacuum-like ability to suck the fun out of a fairy tale .
Sydney White has a concept and a title , but beyond that it draws a blank .
While the film 's premise is shamelessly hokey and Joe Nussbaum 's direction is at best pedestrian , props are due the young cast , especially Bynes , whose can-do optimism seems genuine if ultimately overdone .
From the contrived romance to the hazy lavender eye make-up that Sydney sports in every scene , there 's nothing real about this film .
A feeble college comedy aimed at middle schoolers .
A charmer that boldly marches where lesser movies -- at least since the heyday of John Hughes -- fear to tread .
The unconquerable cake for must-miss movie of the year goes to Sydney White .
Bynes is captivating despite a role that does not give her much to do but display tomboyish good spirit behind some really unfortunate hair and make-up .
By most critical standards , this is a pretty dumb movie but thanks to Bynes ' efforts , I was too busy being entertained to really mind that much .
Sydney features a rather jovial execution that not only helps the picture survive itself , but manages to produce a stunningly entertaining teen comedy .
Sure it 's overly familiar and not exactly very well plotted , but the actress supplies just enough charisma to make watching the flick nowhere near as tedious an experience as it probably could be .
Bynes -LSB- is -RSB- appealing as usual , but not given much room in the script here to stretch her comedic chops .
For all its attempts at modernizing the story , the movie is overly cluttered with formulaic plot complications that push even the boundaries of its source and a story that drags .
A mildly fractured fairy tale that 's often too dopey for its own good .
The movie is full of fun moments with classic fairytale characters and props -LRB- poison apple , magic mirror , etc. -RRB- woven into modern life .
What 's the excuse for dumbing down Snow White to moron level ? Are there really people out there who thought the original version just did n't have enough toilet jokes ?
The humor is fast-paced , jovial with just a tinge of sarcasm and never cynical .
Although Bynes exudes a devil-may-care attitude that is fun to watch , the formulaic movie ultimately falls apart around her .
I believe the working title was OMG ! The Movie .
A feel-good-about-yourself film , it gives heart and hope to the geek in all of us .
Confirms -LSB- Bynes ' -RSB- status as Hollywood 's go-to gal for oblivious tomboys who treat everything that happens to them as if it 's , like , so confusing and awkward .
Unfortunately , this film does n't have the cojones to take the fairy tale all the way
Sydney White is no Mean Girls or even Clueless , but ` tween girls could do a lot worse than this sweet , well-meaning fairy tale .
Sydney White might not physically resemble Snow White , but the classic character 's value system thankfully has not been lost in translation .
Sydney White is a carnival of ethnic and social stereotypes rising up against the lily-white status quo .
It is , or claims to be , a revisionist take on Snow White and the Seven Dwarves , something you 'll forget until the movie bluntly hits you with Snow White symbolism every 20 minutes or so .
While amiable , it does n't manage to be inventive enough to escape the feeling that this is a fairy tale that has n't been sufficiently fractured .
The filmmakers must have known the concept was a loser fairly early on , but they stubbornly plow ahead anyway . It 's like watching a car careen through a stop sign .
Smart dialogue , an appealing cast , and a fast-paced fun story make this one of the better teen-oriented romantic comedies of the past few years .
Sydney White is an Amanda Bynes comedy that shows the after-effects a long-running TV sitcom can have on an actress .
The news flash here is that this mallrat bait frequently rises above its formulaic trappings to score some points with more discerning audiences as well .
Once upon a time , Amanda Bynes made a movie called Sydney White that so lazily transplanted Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs to a college setting that it made one pine for a poison apple .
Yet again Amanda brings her comical act to the big screen with another HIT !!!







@highlight

Amanda Bynes is charming , but Sydney White is a poorly adapted take on Snow White , relying on tired ethnic stereotypes laughs .