It 's tough to watch but the substance makes it a journey worth taking .
The gripping thriller is meant as a shocker to provide a wake-up call to the world about the necessity of confronting past atrocities .
Despite an unnecessary and rather gruesome plot turn near the end , Aftermath remains a terrifically acted and well-told story that will open a lot of eyes in its portrayal of despicable human behavior .
While a bit rough around the edges , you wo n't forget Aftermath .
The shocks , and the repressed wickedness , as in all well-done horror films , build slowly , then reach a crescendo that is hard to bear and harder to shake off .
A mystery , a drama , and a dark glimpse at real events from Poland 's history combine in this compelling , sobering film .
A sense of dread suffuses this film , which offers yet another slice of World War II history .
There is something especially unsettling about groupthink , particularly when it comes to evil .
Jozek 's and Franek 's characters -LRB- and Czop 's and Stuhr 's performances -RRB- are continually surprising and ultimately indelible . You can read how their mindsets shift as they stumble onto new truths .
Even if its frequent forays into that genre become too literal and excessive , Pasikowski 's capacity for illustrating the inhumanity of humans still delivers the chills .
One of the new wave of holocaust expose 's that probes beneath the surface to expose little known factors and factotums .
Director Wladyslaw Pasikowski has made the mistake of going about his business as if he were fashioning a horror film .
Entirely engrossing and intelligent , apart from a couple of scenes where -LRB- one character -RRB- runs alone into the dark woods when he hears mysterious noises . `` Aftermath '' serves as a testament to all those attempting to atone for humanity 's sins of the past .
Aftermath is a bombshell disguised as a thriller .
-LSB- Pasikowski -RSB- made the film anyway as an act of conscience , writing and directing it without a trace of ego but with plenty of narrative efficiency and emotional punch .
An atmospheric triumph .
Tackling an impossibly bleak subject , Pasikowski infuses the effort with passion and tragedy , making the work come alive onscreen .
Intelligent and horrifying . One of the best mystery thrillers since Tell No One .
In a Polish village during the early 1940s , the entire Jewish population of the town has been liquidated ... but not by the Germans ! This dramatized film uncovered the mystery layer by layer in an engrossing manner .
Intense thriller exposes the corrosive effect of collective silence and lies over decades ... Dramatic cinematography keeps contrasting lovely landscapes with nasty doings .
The affecting , well-conceived story explores collectively repressed Holocaust guilt .
Writer-director Wladyslaw Pasikowski has structured `` Aftermath '' like a mystery ; revealing itself one layer at a time
The more the action hews to a Hammer horror template , the less congruent it feels with historical revelation .
`` Aftermath '' is toothless , and that 's inexcusable for a civics lesson that 's supposed to jolt us out of complacency .
Its picture of rural Poland - where a wood stove still sits in the kitchen , an outhouse in the backyard , and no one forgets anything - is fresh and striking . And the conflict between the brother who stayed , and the brother who left , has real depth .
... shakily executed but powerfully confrontational Polish drama about the messy consequences of conscience
Delivers its Holocaust-related story with the clunking force of a blunt instrument slammed into the skull .
A highly unsettling look at lingering prejudice and collective guilt .
Between its blunt dialogue and even blunter imagery , ... it 's noble intentions are trumped by its ungainly execution .
With its slow-burn pacing and horrifying reveals , Aftermath remains a deeply compelling puzzle .
Aftermath is not merely a grandiose apology for Holocaust-era complicity . It taps a richer vein with its examination of why such an apology is ultimately so empty , even if it takes profound bravery to apologize .
The film is n't so much about the moral atrophy of people who refuse to come to terms with their past as it is about cosmic karma passed from fathers to sons like an ancient curse .
What seems clearly intended as homage comes out as pastiche .
A powerful lesson in the timeless nature of history that will shake viewers with its building emotional power .
Predicated on the unraveling of the social fabric , `` Aftermath '' is a thriller that 's meant to stun .

@highlight

It represents an occasionally uneven collision of genres , but all in all , Wladyslaw Pasikowski 's Aftermath delves into Holocaust guilt with power and efficiency .