At least Vinterberg is not nostalgic about the past , but rather wistful-sooner or later we all betray our romantic selves of the past .
With the subtitles clearly struggling to capture the film 's constantly shifting dramatic tone , this feels like that rare thing -- a piece of Scandi-drama that simply does n't translate .
-LSB- Actress Trine -RSB- Dyrholm gives a painfully vulnerable performance which makes up for a few melodramatic moments towards the end .
-LSB- Thomas -RSB- Vinterberg sets up a scenario that begs for subtle depth and then walks away . And so do the characters .
The Commune turns out to be a fairly predictable exercise in neoliberal backlash , as a bunch of free-love radicals crash on the rocks of their own enlightenment .
A nostalgic look at Danish life in the 1970s , this smartly shot movie 's a relatively relaxed departure for the usually intense Thomas Vinterberg .
What follows is an incredible performance by Dyrholm as a woman doing her best to keep things together when her entire world seems to be falling apart , and with everyone right there to witness the unraveling .
Dyrholm gives the kind of wrenching performance that would have inspired Ingmar Bergman to adopt her as his muse .
Vinterberg oversees excellent performances and crushing turns of plot .
It does n't work . With its reliance on cliché and a superficial understanding of its characters , The Commune fails to hit a surprising note .
The actors keep the movie involving , and for some , Dyrholm 's performance alone is ticket-worthy . But the impact quickly fades when she leaves the screen .
The fissures and follies of living in an urban commune during the 1970s in Copenhagen .
Considering its title , the film needs more supporting character development to flesh out its central domestic drama .
The Commune may look like a Danish take on The Ice Storm , and while it does share themes of upper-middle-class types experimenting with the loosened sexual mores of the 1970s , it zigs just when you 'd expect it to zag .
Dyrholm ... movingly captures the struggles of a middle-aged career woman who revels in the new freedoms of the 1970s , while ultimately falling victim to them .
Trine Dyrholm delivers a powerful performance as Anna , a woman whose heart wo n't align with her head , as does Ulrich Thomsen as the testy Erik .
`` The Commune '' does n't pull its punches : We 're shown that nontraditional households can be very taxing on individuals and are anything but good medicine for stale marriages .
... there 's a softness and a warmheartedness that does n't always mesh with some of the darker themes Vinterberg is eager to explore .
There are moments of emotional beauty , of finding a way back after losing everything , but the film never remains focused long enough to provide true depth and the finale in particular leaves much to be desired .
Lethargic , meandering , overstuffed and undercooked with decent performances that fail to invigorate the material .
At its worst , The Commune is a severely missed opportunity to explore life in the titular social setting .
Vinterberg eschews a facile `` take '' on the idea of the commune and chooses instead to focus on his characters -- who are unfortunately baffling .
The strongest and most nuanced performance is Trine Dyrholm as Anna ... Dyrholm solidly sells us on Anna 's delight and angst as the tale unfurls .
Dyrholm 's extraordinary performance is conspicuously better than Thomsen 's . She 's the best - the only - reason to check out The Commune .
Does The Commune amount to shooting fish in a barrel ? I do n't think so . It is n't just a rebuke to shaggy Seventies ideals of shared living and free love .
These are all fascinating concepts , but The Commune is n't all that interested in exploring them .
While Vinterberg 's mature , realist approach is commendable , the cultural atmosphere and unique characters beg for something more adventurous .
Dramatic contrasts and contradictions abound in `` The Commune , '' but it finds room for quieter things , too .
Dyrholm is always exceptional but here as a femme d'un certain age in both home and career letting it all fall apart , she is incandescent , with a stillness that transcends the histrionics around her .
Expect to find your own ideas about love and personal responsibility challenged .
Sweeter and soapier than we 've come to expect from the Danish director Thomas Vinterberg , `` The Commune '' swaddles the pain of a disintegrating marriage in a good-natured cocoon of laughter and larks .
Though the whole cast shines in this house , the film is really a showcase for Dyrholm . Her stiff blank face , the stuff of an anchorwoman trained to take bad news , gradually wears down the soul behind it .
The pinging psychological electrons give it a certain adult spark .
The first thing , even the main thing , to be said about `` The Commune '' is that it 's alive ... -LSB- It -RSB- pulses with screwy energy and antic confusion . And a snake in the communal garden heightens the drama .
The promise of delightful and possibly intriguing escapades amongst the cohabitants unfortunately devolves into a tawdry and unimaginative tale of infidelity and despair .
Thomas Vinterberg , in his film `` The Commune '' , has created some spectacularly bland folks to populate his communal family .
The Commune has its moments , but it never pulls itself together the way it clearly wants to .
A modestly engaging broken-marriage story whose rippling tensions are muffled , rather than exacerbated , by the half-baked period drama it 's submerged in .
Rather than portray a turbulent group dynamic , the film focuses on the marital woes of one particular couple , squandering its novel milieu on a banal conflict that would play out similarly in just about any context .
The connections - the stuff that will turn these individual moments into something resembling a unified cinematic experience - just are n't there .
The Thomas Vinterberg film 's sentimentality is suspect , laced with an intriguing but vague strain of bitterness .
An intimate , bittersweet study of communal living drenched in the unfiltered weed smoke and wide-wale corduroy of 1970s Copenhagen .
The Commune may not rank with Vinterberg 's most potent work -LRB- The Celebration , The Hunt -RRB- , but as its lingering emotional impact attests , the film 's simplicities are quite deceptive .
A hard-hitting antidote to viewing society through rose-tinted glasses .
The Commune is broad and rudderless after its first act . The potential for a vignette-driven hangout flick or a sharp social critique are there , but the movie wo n't commit to either .
Interesting , occasionally poignant and perfectly watchable , The Commune is well-paced , well-written and well-made -- but it is far from Vinterberg 's best .
Only a director as sharp about family and community dynamics and as Scandinavian as Vinterberg could have made this with such a refreshing lack of judgement .
The resulting drama offers a great showcase for Dyrholm , whose slide towards instability is the film 's core .
Plot development gets B for banality , though A for acting goes to Trine Dyrholm .
A film far from that little wonder that Lukas Moodysson directed , the splendid Together , which treated living in a commune with more sparkle and charm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though Vinterberg manages to recreate with grace the forge of the commune , the Danish director fails to intellectualize the sociological moral of his experiment . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Even though the director does n't take full advantage of the story , this film is amazingly shot . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The start is promising and the chimerical idealism of the protagonists is contagious but ends up diluting in a routine and predictable marital confrontation . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A mature and luminous film with the memory of a past where everything seemed within reach . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The main strenght of Vinterberg 's film is the great work of its two protagonists , especially Trine Dyrholm . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
For much of its running time , Vinterberg 's film is an agreeable , well-acted , funny wallow -- but it 's no more profound than that .
Drama ensues , of course , but so does an astute contemplation of trying to find one 's place in the world .
Spritzes of humor skewer adults who are forgivably incompetent at managing their lives .
There 's no doubt Trine Dyrholm - named best actress at the 2016 Berlin Film Festival for her emotionally intense portrayal of Anna - owns the movie 's best moments .
The Commune is not peak Vinterberg . Nevertheless , the film displays a fully realized and continually evolving auteurist gaze , bringing life to otherwise mundane material .
The layers of resonance keep it involving even when it drifts into melodrama from time to time .
There 's one name that should appear on the lists of this year 's contenders -LRB- and formidable performances -RRB- ... : Trine Dyrholm .
Set in 70s Copenhagen , this is an arresting period piece .
Nice looking and well acted , The Commune is afflicted by melodramatic tendencies that eventually overwhelm it . But there are rich dramatic moments , and Trine Dyrholm is exceptional .
Often amusing and always thought-provoking , this is engaging human drama that offers lots to discuss in the bar afterwards .
In other hands , this could easily be a pious period piece , but this is n't the story of a social experiment gone wrong .
The film never quite grips as it should , partly because the characters too often seem to behave according to the dictates of a script , rather than as human beings in such a situation really would .
Director Thomas Vinterberg has fashioned elements of his own childhood into a sentimental melodrama that might make a decent TV series .
Dyrholm 's skill as an actor notwithstanding , this is a rather dispiriting trajectory .
If the characters on screen are n't too bothered , then what hope for the viewer ?
Thomsen and Dyrnholm give exceptional performances as the couple whose marriage flounders in spite of their affection for one another and determination always to do the right thing .
There is nothing -LSB- Vinterberg -RSB- likes better than creating his own Big Brother house , trapping his protagonists and teasing out their weaknesses , falsehoods and quiet heroism .
Anyone who 's shared houses , or lived looser than they do now , will recognise the strong bonds and stimuli The Commune recalls and yearns for .
Dyrholm won Best Actress in Berlin for her performance , and it 's certainly The Commune 's ace in the hole , swerving into full , boozy Gena Rowlands breakdown and not holding back on the self-absorbed anguish .
The wait continues for Thomas Vinterberg to prove that Festen was n't a fluke .
While the focus is a bit wobbly , emotionally the film still packs a punch .
It may veer towards sentimentality , but overall this is a warm and absorbing melodrama .
The movie is kept afloat by the extremely lively and likable Dyrholm 's performance as Anna .
This is less the social satire it may have been , and more a marital drama with a twist , propelled by good work from Thomsen -LRB- the star of Vinterberg 's startling debut `` Festen '' -RRB- and particularly Dyrholm .
Entertains at a TV sitcom level , with its pithy dialogue , its chorus of thinly drawn caricatures and its cozy sense of mockery towards the failed social experiments of past generations . But as serious cinema , it feels limited for the same reasons .
Much of the credit here must go to the performances ; even though we learn little about most members of the commune , their characters are deftly drawn .
Aims for a bittersweet release of feeling that lands , at its most misjudged points , closer to emotional sadism .
Togetherness does n't work so simply : touching , as well as funny , to be shown how clever people once hoped otherwise .
`` The Commune '' falls vastly short of its promise , and through a combination of cursory characterization , blunt relationship dynamics , timid sexual politics , and non-existent social commentary , amounts to a nicely lit kitchen-sink soap opera .
The Commune ends up probing largely universal quandaries to lackluster results .
Given the sheer credentials of those behind this endeavour , you ca n't be blamed for expectorating something so much more .
Like some of the films of Vinterberg 's Danish contemporary Susanne Bier , this looks like the basis for a commercial and easygoing Hollywood remake . But fluent and confident it certainly is .

@highlight

The Commune may not stand with Thomas Vinterberg 's greatest work , but the end results remain thought-provoking and overall absorbing .