As sweetly concocted as an airy souffle , Cedric Klapisch 's charming Chinese Puzzle continues the adventures of characters we met a dozen years ago in Barcelona .
Smart , insightful and full of lively , authentic New York City atmosphere that could never be faked on a sound stage in Atlanta , Chinese Puzzle is the real deal .
Those familiar with the first two films will find the most rewards in this bittersweet concluding chapter .
French filmmaker Cedric Klapisch keeps the tone light and the serious themes just under the surface as he revisits the lively characters from The Spanish Apartment -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and Russian Dolls -LRB- 2005 -RRB- .
Sweet .
The farcical episodes have a fizzy zest , and Klapisch delivers so many stylish and quirky touches throughout that it 's easy to overlook his film 's flaws .
Klapisch has a tremendous cast and an enjoyably freewheeling approach to his subject matter .
It 's Duris ' engaging breakneck performance , bolstered by energetic turns from Kelly Reilly , Cecile de France and Audrey Tatou , that keeps the motor running .
A fitting end to a trio of fine movies , progressing accordingly and triumphantly .
A warm , lovable movie that celebrates cultural pluralism and people 's ability to mature .
There are some thoughtful moments along the way but the film still has the slick , glib feel of a perky television sitcom .
For all its goofiness and silliness , the story bops amiably and fluently along . It 's a sort of boxset drama where the best stuff is in the last episode .
Viewers coming to this film without having seen the others would have no problem following the action ; whether they 'd care about it is another question .
Entire sub-plots and characters could have been sacrificed and still this good-natured , perma-cranked-up-to-11 rom-com would have been too noisy for some .
Ambling , but amiable enough .
The abundance of plot leaves little room for character development , but Cédric Klapisch captures the urban mood with ebullient aplomb , while amusing himself with stylistic flourishes and riffing on François Truffaut 's Doinel cycle .
A hectic , convoluted French comedy about a Parisian novelist and the three women in his life .
Chinese Puzzle is smart , touching and pleasantly human - the epitome of a feel good romantic comedy .
An amiably daffy look at perpetual adolescence , French-style .
Once the story picks up , it 's easy , breezy and enjoyable . It seduces you into thinking : Would n't it be fun to reconnect with Xavier in another five years or so ?
The film flits from one subplot to another and not in that delightfully freewheeling European kind of way .
Xavier pauses to ask a lot of big questions , but the farcical turns of plot undermine any serious attempts to suggest answers .
There are some snags along the way , particularly the film 's leisurely pace and over reliance on coincidence and cutesiness , but for the most part it works charmingly .
The last in a trilogy about a French novelist and his three lady friends in New York is as light and relaxing as a summer evening .
It 's all very busy , and cute , and , um , French ...
`` Puzzle '' is neither puzzling nor much fun .
`` Chinese Puzzle '' is a likable , meandering film , much like its main character , complete with moments of whimsical creativity ...
Xavier constantly laments his impending 40th birthday , yet , he makes absurdly shallow observations for a seasoned novelist .
Chinese Puzzle is a charming , rambling , modern romantic comedy is so sloppy that it should be done in by its excesses , yet the large , excellent ensemble cast manages to make it all work .
French farceur Cédric Klapisch is a maestro of complication , if not complexity .
A deliciously sweet confection of cinematic froth that lives up to its predecessors ' sense of romantic fun .
France has emptied out and split for New York .
Sporadically amusing and touching , but also precious , and it never comes together as an authentic emotional experience .
The ground-level view of New York - high-energy , semi-farcical - avoids clichés while finding its own romantic pulse with Duris ' charmer the compelling center of the buoyant and bittersweet storm .
Klapisch still gets these characters to sneak up and make us care about them - though it might help if you remember them from when they were young .
Chinese Puzzle is n't much of a story , but in leaning into and embracing its complications Klapisch is able to isolate little instances - exchanges , glances , fragments from which he can mine profundity .
Between this and Richard Linklater 's ` Before ' trilogy , we 're supporters of indie films joining blockbusters in serialization .
At it 's best , this movie is pure fun . Those ignorant or forgetful of its predecessors might miss some references , but they wo n't have a problem enjoying its warmth , energy and humor .
It 's so amped up , so eager to please in the most commercial sense , that it winds up seeming aimless and adrift .
A movie that glories in the worst and most unexamined bourgeois-bohemian clichés ...
Settle back and savor Mr. Klapisch 's valentine to New York and appreciate its rose-colored vision of the city as seen through European eyes .
A delightful French film about a writer , his many female friends and lovers , his adventures in Manhattan , and his yen for being a good father .
Chinese Puzzle delivers a sparkling French present in its colorful portrait of a New York off the sightseers ' beaten path .
None of the pieces here quite fit together , but it 's still often amusing to watch everyone 's attempts .
Chinese Puzzle manages to sustain the mischief Klapisch started over a decade ago , making this update charming and funny when it 's not pursuing artificial conflicts .
If there must be a fourth movie in the series , waiting 15 or 20 years before making it might be the best idea .
Cédric Klapisch 's film is meandering and cutesy , but his characters are endearing and every so often he comes up with a deft insight , such as how this city 's streets are like a flayed zombie .
Bringing an appreciative outsider 's perspective to the sights , sounds and polyglot energy of New York , Klapisch and his collaborators ensure that the two hours whiz by decoratively and entertainingly .
Klapisch and his avatar Xavier have a genial affection for nearly everyone they meet , and that open-hearted embrace of plurality and difference , that inquisitive interest in other cultures , is one of the things that 's made the trilogy endearing .
A joyful conclusion to the underrated series and a true coup for Klepisch that he was able to end the series on such a high .
Ultimately Puzzle lacks the magic of its predecessors .
Over a decade since the series started , it 's still that same earnest tribute to the thrills of taking on a new locale .
A ramshackle affair ... It 's diverting , but insubstantial .
A foreigner in New York fish-out-of-water tale with familiar characters and easy-going charms .
Cédric Klapisch 's film becomes an effervescent variation on the time-honored story of striking out for the American dream .
Extremely likeable and entertaining . Though the film is stuffed full of incidents , writer/director Cedric Klapisch is in no particular hurry , giving the frenzy a nice , natural flow .
Klapisch packs a lot into the film and though there are a few missteps , the film as a whole is a very satisfactory conclusion to the trilogy - if , indeed , it is a conclusion .
This is an irresistibly bright and funny movie . Klapisch keeps close to the hearts of the characters .
As with the previous films , Klapisch keeps the tone buoyant , livening Xavier 's voiceover musings with plenty of visual whimsy .
The screenplay tackles a purposeful complexity as its thematic rock , propelling the drama - with the wings of comedy
Klapisch develops some good ideas , like the German philosopher 's description of life being like embroidery : the first half is pretty like the front , while the second half shows how the threads fit together . The gimmicks are effective too
A crisply shot , street-level feel for New York adds to the pleasing surface qualities the film ties together .
Delightful French fluff .

@highlight

Pleasantly easygoing and consistently funny , Chinese Puzzle offers a suitably endearing conclusion to Cédric Klapisch 's Trilogy of Xavier .