This may not be Spurlock 's best or most riveting effort , but he seems incapable of making a boring film .
Not sure Spurlock is the guy who should be making this case , but hey , I do n't see anybody else doing it .
The real public service here is learning how these companies protect themselves in the contracts that Spurlock signs to get them to sponsor his movie -- chilling .
And like Spurlock 's other works , among all the laughs and gimmicks , he occasionally scores a moment that floors you .
I do n't know if director Morgan Spurlock 's intention of having his latest work becoming a ` doc-buster ' will come to pass , but it sure is a hell of a lot of fun watching him try .
It 's a bit of a rambling yarn , but Morgan deserves credit for winning $ 1.5 million worth of funding by humorously cramming an ad into every conceivable cranny , including a reference to Coke after an MRI scan .
It 's an amusing , shallow film ...
It ought to be sharper . But that is not Spurlock 's way , as evinced by his disappointingly self-regarding Where in the World Is Osama Bin Laden ?
He gets celebrity interviewees to blah on the subject -- Ralph Nader , Noam Chomsky , Quentin Tarantino -- and still fails to dispel the mood of utter pointlessness .
Before this , I had n't grasped that the notion of `` product placement '' is in fact passé ; now it 's all about `` co-promotion '' .
Really , it 's quite odious .
Glossy , diverting and shout-it-from-the-rooftops obvious - exactly like an ad , then .
At times , it seems like Spurlock has pulled off a minor creative coup , convincing brands to back a documentary that fundamentally questions their commercial ethics .
For his next project , it would be nice to see Spurlock put substance before gimmick . But first , a word from his sponsors ...
Hugely entertaining and frequently laugh-out-loud funny , this is a riveting documentary that 's both fascinating and genuinely disturbing and will make you keenly aware of the advertising that surrounds you on a daily basis .
A robust and amusing reminder of how Hollywood 's tills are topped up by third-party brands and what they get - and we lose - in return .
Morgan Spurlock brings an affable everyman charm to this mind-bendingly insightful critique of a world awash in commercial calculations at every corner .
A strong gimmick , but it does n't quite hang together as a documentary as well as it might .
The bemused smile on his face may fool some people into believing he does n't have a strong point of view , but he does : like the man from Michigan , Spurlock is a muckraker ...
Funny , self-aware , self-reflexive and absurd , it laughs in the faces of sell-outs all the way to the bank .
Most entertaining doco of the year
It 's product placement on steroids , or supersized , as he might have called it
Logical , thought-provoking and disarmingly funny , the ubiquitous , smooth-talking , brash Spurlock explores the topic of product placement , visibility , fame and credibility as he shamelessly sells his idea to create a movie funded entirely by its sponsors
It is a wake-up call for audiences to wise up to all the advertising that streams into our lives . Although , I have to admit , after the movie was over ? I was kinda thirsty for a POM .
Silly rather than scholarly , The Greatest Movie Ever Sold is a fun and funny movie , guaranteed to make you think about advertising , but not gunning to change how you think about it .
It makes one wish Spurlock would show a bit more intellectual and political muscle rather than being content with lightweight showmanship that is in thrall to the commodification it claims to abhor .
Watching The Greatest Movie Ever Sold is like popping in a DVD that has a making-of documentary but no feature presentation .
Spurlock 's irresistible sense of showmanship once more takes information we all know , and he presents it in a surprisingly engaging and entertaining way .
... almost precisely what we 've come to expect from Spurlock - a diverting hour and a half riff on that which we already know .
While Michael Moore at least has the sense to turn the camera away from himself long enough to burrow into the subject at hand , Morgan Spurlock demonstrates that it 's hard for him to keep his mind on anything besides Morgan Spurlock .
... a good micro-review for this movie would be `` accomplishes what it sets out to do ... nothing more or less . ''
Spurlock 's filmmaking sensibilities run more to the arm-twisting of Michael Moore crossed with the look-at-me showmanship of a P.T. Barnum . Ultimately , the thing Spurlock sells best in The Greatest Movie Ever Sold is himself .
Spurlock 's stunts only prove that the strategy works , not what can be done besides beware , except he makes it seems so cheery . I 'll certainly keep his sponsors in mind when needing air travel , a soft drink or a shampoo fit for humans and horses .
This 88-minute satirical spoof does n't tell us anything we do n't already know . It runs out of steam after 45 minutes and you find yourself looking for the nearest exit . Spurlock is not in the same filmmaking league as Michael Moore , whose ...
... where else are you going to see Donald Trump , Noam Chomsky and Brett Ratner interviewed in the same film ?
Morgan Spurlock has sold his soul to help save yours .
It 's not a heavyweight documentary , chock-full of deep lessons or shocking revelations , but Spurlock makes for a pleasant star around which the rest of this breezy movie can orbit .
Illuminating and entertaining , but toothless : It intends to make us more aware of the way advertisers manipulate us , but it also makes advertising seem sort of fun -- even welcome .
Spurlock , the affable activist behind `` Super Size Me , '' aims a not particularly harsh spotlight on product placement in his new documentary .
Beyond delivering a brilliant premise , Spurlock never tells us much more than we already know .
The deeply amusing new film from documentarian Morgan Spurlock may be the most `` meta '' documentary ever made . ... The self-reflexiveness could have grown wearying , were it not for Spurlock 's affable , benevolent screen presence .
One thing 's for sure -- I 'll never watch Iron Man the same way again .
More a genial satire of the industry than it is a mounting social iceberg . On some level it is a ` duh ' topic that you may not learn a whole lot about , but it certainly is fun while it lasts .
The problem is that the film , despite an attempt to examine the intellectual pollution of pervasive marketing , ca n't help coming off as one big smirk .
A funny , fleet documentary that is marvelously meta .
You 'll get your money 's worth out of this entertaining `` doc-buster '' meta-film .
It 's just the same meta-gag over and over again .
The director finds time in between making cold calls , creating spoof ads and having some fun at the expense of Mane 'n Tail horse shampoo to provide a few valuable insights about the rampant commercialization of nearly every corner of our culture .
Few could pull off this fan dance as well as Spurlock , who manages to be both the laughing and crying clowns at the same time .
`` Hey , marketing is all around us , man ! Like , everywhere you look there are logos and somebody trying to sell us something . Weird . ''
Truly believes it 's submitting a profound statement on the advertising game , yet the commentary is flaccid and repetitive , laced with a pronounced smugness that erodes the whole enterprise .
A typically irreverent yet entertaining documentary from Morgan Spurlock ...
As a fast-food pitchwoman once asked , ` Where 's the beef ? '
There was n't a moment in the film when I was n't involved or even amused by what I saw . But afterward , I was left with a big pile of `` So what ? ''
Forget about `` greatest . '' But this could be the most self-referential movie ever : literally a 90-minute narrative about its own creation .
Like Spurlock 's other films , it 's cheeky and breezy , more of an introduction to a world of concepts and conundrums than a bill of indictment or a call to action .
`` Pom Wonderful Presents the Greatest Movie Ever Sold '' sounds like an ingenious ploy , using the sponsors ' own rope to hang them . Alas , the film never gets its lasso knotted .
Funny , informative , and at times outrageously cheeky .
Too rushed and too thin .
As usual with such one-joke projects ... seems a bit overlong even at under ninety minutes , but it offers enough smiles and insights to earn a low passing grade .
Leaves you wishing there had been more journalistic exploration of the subject and less self-promotion .
Spurlock 's film is fitfully engaging in its own facile way , but also restless and unfocused -- and thus it never really digs into its subject matter in a deep or interesting enough way .
This is a marketing campaign wrapped in a documentary wrapped in a marketing campaign wrapped in a joke on the audience that thinks the joke is on the advertisers ...
Morgan Spurlock sets out to fund his movie about product placement entirely through product placement , turning the entire film into the story of its own creation .
A fascinating and funny attack on the always-annoying product placement in movies .
while it 's funny to see footage of actual collector cups being manufactured for a documentary , the movie ca n't , of course , offer much in the way of results
Spurlock is the right filmmaker for this sort of tongue-in-cheek look at pop cultural excesses .
The nonstop onslaught of product placements in our lives is , alas , a given . The only novelty here is that Spurlock has hauled the corporate marketeers into an indie movie arena supposedly too pure for such temptations .
Funny , insightful docu reveals product placement tricks .
The entire movie is about as superficial as your average commercial
Once again , Spurlock has one point to make-a point that 's crushingly obvious and not particularly brave , shocking or controversial-and spends the entire movie making it over and over again .
Watching The Greatest Movie Ever Sold is like popping in a DVD that has a making-of documentary but no feature presentation .
Does Spurlock give the practice of product placement too soft a treatment in deference to his sponsors , or is he hoping that we 'll read between the lines to see his true feelings ? I 'm still not sure , but it 's an entertaining time nonetheless .
Always the smooth showman , Spurlock avoids answering his own question : Is he selling out or buying in ?
Morgan Spurlock has a gift for creating movies that , like his signature piece SuperSize Me , offer a provocative `` hook , '' entertain an audience , and still manage to address serious ...
Spurlock is still inserting himself into stupid game-show-style situations , but this time his target is so juicy we 're inclined to forgive him .
Five minutes into `` POM Wonderful Presents : The Greatest Movie Ever Sold , '' the latest effort from documentary filmmaker Morgan Spurlock , the film 's point has been made .
Despite its flaws , POM Wonderful Presents : The Greatest Movie Ever Sold is worth imbibing , if for no reason other than the bellyache it generates .
Spurlock 's desire to make his kakmaime scheme work transforms him from a snarkier-than-thou , Harpers Magazine-friendly trickster into an earnest man trying to nail a business deal . And he gives great meeting !
Engaging as Spurlock can be , too much of the movie is just scene after scene of him meeting with high-priced consultants to talk about `` brand identity '' and other euphemisms for shallow sloganeering .
An exuberant documentary that demonstrates the all-pervasive influence of modern advertising by satiric example , and with great ingenuity ...
Morgan Spurlock 's movies are still as entertaining as they are obvious .
It 's simply hilarious .
Like the best ad man , he makes his point by making us laugh .
Just like he did with `` Super Size Me , '' Spurlock has cast himself as the underdog outsider trying to crash the corporate party and , while the results are n't as revelatory , it 's easily as entertaining .
Like `` Super Size Me , '' the new `` documentary '' is heavy on Spurlock-centric humor and very light on actual information .
Only the extremely naive will be shocked , shocked by director Morgan Spurlock 's dissection of product placement in movies .
As a social experiment for the effects of marketing , the results of The Greatest Movie Ever Sold might hold some weight ; as an entity unto itself , it 's in limbo .
Spurlock is aware that this entire thing could very well turn out badly and represent the end of whatever credibility he 's built with viewers , but the transparent nature of the film sort of end-runs that . I think he got it right .
There 's nothing surprising in what Spurlock uncovers , but it illustrates that everything we knew - or at least suspected - about the marriage between advertising and cinema is accurate .
-LSB- Spurlock 's -RSB- affable , regular-guy shtick works well here , and he scatters the movie with such gleeful ads for his sponsors ' products that , if his documentary work ever dries up , his next career choice is obvious .
With `` The Greatest Movie Ever Sold '' Spurlock creates a good time along with some surprisingly salient observations as he tries to keep his balance on this very slippery slope .
Spurlock 's clever , good-natured style clinches the deal . It 's hard to imagine anyone else wooing sponsors to finance a savaging of their practices .
What would `` The Greatest Movie Ever Sold '' be with a different narrator-guide ? It is hard to imagine . Mr. Spurlock has the gift of gab along with an undeniable star quality .
Spurlock says he 's not selling out , he 's buying in . I 'm buying into Spurlock . As ever , he makes you laugh till it hurts .
I ca n't exactly recommend the film , but I do recommend drinking POM Wonderful .
Spurlock is n't out to change the advertising world -- he 's just poking around a discussion topic . The results are scattershot but entertaining , and occasionally eye-opening .
Much like reality TV , nothing much of consequence happens .
Breezily entertaining and also highly uninformative - Spurlock 's a funny fellow , but his instinct for first-person clowning sometimes prevents us from learning things .
`` The Greatest Movie Ever Sold '' is ultimately more entertaining than enlightening , but there 's nothing wrong with that .
A zany and thought-provoking documentary about the omnipresence of advertising in our lives and the large role of product placement in movies .
Spurlock 's film is mainly out to entertain , and it does . But leaving `` The Greatest Movie Ever Sold '' I was n't sure what Spurlock really thought about any of this beyond : Get this . Is n't this wild ?
Spurlock 's movie is n't nearly as daring as he thinks it is , and for sheer audacity , it does n't come close to a stunt Dana Carvey pulled on his short-lived -LRB- and brilliant -RRB- mid-1990s TV show .
Spurlock 's handling a lot of issues here , and he 's not the best juggler .
`` POM Wonderful Presents : The Greatest Movie Ever Sold '' is the movie Morgan Spurlock was put on earth to make .
Spurlock 's folksy affability creates the sensation that he 's truly going on a journey , that he does n't necessarily know all the answers to the questions he 's posing , and he 'd like nothing more for us than to go along for the ride .
Morgan Spurlock 's decline as a documentarian is a study in entropy .
I wish it was a little funnier - or more pointed . It 's provocative ; it could be more so .
In the end , the film has very little to say , or new to offer . But that bottle of POM Spurlock 's always drinking sure looks tasty , does n't it ?
Rather than an argument or exposé , the movie is a condescendingly narrated demonstration of how money makes the movie world go round . -LRB- Stop the presses . -RRB-
Delightfully entertaining and downright informative , Morgan Spurlock only loses control of his experiment in product placement when he turns his investigation inward , towards himself .
The results are absolutely hilarious , maybe even funnier than Super Size Me
As agreeable as it is insidious , Morgan Spurlock 's latest exposé of corporate control via immersive humiliation is his best , most formally inventive project yet .
It 's surprising that The Greatest Movie Ever Sold plays so entertainingly , given that Spurlock 's quest is essentially beside the point .
... a good bit of fun that obviously took a lot of work , but one wishes its creator had stuck more to his original agenda . Still , one has to laugh when Spurlock rolls out having duped ... Ralph Nader himself into hawking a pair of Merrill Shoes .
-LSB- Uncovers -RSB- the marketing machinations that drive Hollywood and the advertising industry , and impact all of us , whether we like it or not .
a true original , in both concept and execution . Morgan Spurlock wraps his hands around his idea and , with energy , pulls it off .
Morgan Spurlock shows he can be as entertaining a documentary film-maker as Michael Moore .
... contains moments of comic genius that will make you gasp because they are so perfect .
Spurlock 's funniest and most creative documentary to date .
Smart , relevant and entertaining , Spurlock offers invaluable insights into the historical and cultural roots of product placement , showing that it 's pervasive but not really a new phenom .
Spurlock is speaking to one of the fundamental and eternal questions of cinema : the war between art and commerce .
The key product on the screen here is Morgan Spurlock , with plenty of style and attitude .
I did n't laugh as much as some , but I have to give him credit for continuing to bring a humorous and entertaining viewpoint to non-fiction film with his gimmicky experiments .
Morgan Spurlock is back in top form with a witty , engaging documentary ... Greatest Movie Ever Sold still succeeds in both the experiment , and in entertaining .
Superbly entertaining , an irreverent and sardonic look at business of product placement and how completely corporations can , and do , control the movie business .
Do n't tell Spurlock he ca n't have his cake and eat it too . In Greatest Movie , he gleefully accepts his sponsorships on camera just to show you how wrong this all is .


@highlight

The Greatest Movie Ever Sold plays smartly to Spurlock 's strengths , and the result is a breezy , albeit not particularly enlightening documentary .