Predictable farce is n't very funny or original .
It 's bad enough watching a dreadfully unfunny really awful comedy , but watching a very racist comedy makes it all the worse ...
Complements the awfulness of its protagonists ' Caucasian camouflage with putrid bathroom humor , pitiable romance and brainless racial/social commentary .
Most gags are as weak as they are derivative , offering little incentive to suspend one 's disbelief , and as for the gender politics , well ... you can only imagine .
Odds on you know what you 're in for , so if you 're prepared to shell out your reddies for it , you 'll find it amicable enough .
Let 's forget about the clunky plot and shallow characters . Let 's forget about the racist undertones of the film . Bottom line , the white chicks scare me . Seriously . They 're freaky looking . They are the stuff of nightmares .
Think Mean Girls rewritten by Joe Piscopo .
Amid an overbearing story that suffocates its humor , Chicks ' increasingly repetitive and tired jokes reek of a comedy on autopilot .
From frame one , the screen is populated with broad , unfunny caricatures and no one resembling an actual person .
... a bottom-of-the-page , jump-it-deep-inside meaningless movie review written by a dog
Quem disse aos irmãos Wayans que eles são engraçados ? Provavelmente a mesma pessoa que os convenceu de que a maquiagem utilizada no filme era boa ...
Stupid , crude , inept , illogical , and , alas , very funny .
Wayans takes one -LRB- unfunny -RRB- joke and runs with it far beyond the realms of plausibility to a point where even Michael Jackson would draw the line .
The Wayans brothers are gifted actors-filmmakers , so why is it that they continually make lazy , unchallenging movies ?
White Girls is something of a guilty pleasure -- it 's undeniably crass and stupid but it 's also frequently hilarious .
The problem with spoofing two chicks whose 15 minutes are almost up is that no mater how funny it is , once their time is over , so is the movie 's .
Filmgoers will enjoy their own insiders ' look at the excess and at a fraction of the price .
It 's the Wayans ' reluctance to upset anyone that misses colliding class and value differences into real hilarity .
As dead and tasteless as last week 's leftovers .
Check your brain at the door and giggle your butt off .
109 minutes and not one good punchline . That 's one joke less than in Schindler 's List . How is this humanly possible ?
Even a child will have seen enough movies to sense that these scary creatures should be turning into wolves rather than shopping for Fendi at the mall .
Under the layers of latex , fart jokes , Paris & Nicky potshots and tedious side stories is a heart , keeping it from incinerating completely in the comedy inferno of Bad Ideas .
An army of writers reheat gender-bending slapstick with middling results .
Chicks does have its moments , mostly due to scene-stealing co-star Terry Crews and the rest of the supporting cast , and just enough laughs to make it worthwhile .
As fluffily disposable as a meringue .
If its premise is as thin as Brittany Daniel 's frame , which is damned near transparent , then its execution is nonexistent .
... the film 's biggest problem is it relies too heavily on its one-dimensional characters and never gets beyond the one-joke premise .
The worst part is those fake blue contact lenses , making their eyes chilling , lifeless orbs . More than anything , it 's those dead eyes that make White Chicks so horrible .
I suppose it might rile the Paris Hilton Anti-Defamation League , which may be worth something .
A plotless romp of Manolo wobbling , ` Omigod ! ' yipping , and broadly comic attempts to conceal that unsquashable manly lust and slangin ' machismo .
`` White Chicks '' is over the top and the makeup is out of sight . My grandkids went to see it and laughed like crazy .
White Chicks is n't a bad film because the guys do n't look convincing as women ; it 's a bad film because it 's just not all that funny .
-LSB- I -RSB- t 's the worst movie of the year .
The Wayans weigh in as white women with gusto
Looks are n't evernything . But n a movie about appearances , they matter a great deal .
These Chicks should be , like , totally stood up
The plot is stupid . That 's a given . But the movie is funny , and that 's what counts .
Banshee-howlingly awful .
Worthless , tasteless and unfunny .
A tawdry excuse for a movie , but it has a handful of shameless giggles .
Another not so funny family affair from the Wayans brothers .
The film feels long when it should be brisk , and it 's bloated with stretches of hot , dead air .
Aims to offend , but the people most offended may be moviegoers who expect movies to actually work for their laughs .
-LSB- A -RSB- wildly uneven comedy that has some laughs but probably contains more flatulence jokes than any movie should ever need .
`` Do n't See It '' is the kindest phrase I can use to describe this film .
Despite the attempts of the Academy Award-winning makeup artist behind Mrs. Doubtfire , these doubtful misfires ca n't pass as white or as chicks .
This is a watered-down , PG-13 picture that desperately needs to have the outrageous , anything-for-a-laugh quality of the R-rated Scary Movie .
The film is nothing more than a tired bore - the kind of film that does n't even have the grace to be a respectable bad movie .
If drugs were n't involved , sterilization should be .
-LSB- C -RSB- an White Chicks possibly be as bad as it looks ? In two words : hell yes .
If you 're up for a comedy that has its heart in the right place but is n't actually funny , then have yourself a time .
Crude yet good-natured comedy .
Buried beneath prosthetic makeup , the Wayans brothers look like plastic surgery addicts or robot refugees from ` Heartbeeps . ' The result is more creepy than funny .
The only real laugh to be had at a screening of White Chicks is during the trailer for the goofy upcoming film Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle .
... so painfully strained and obvious . What did they -LRB- The Wayans -RRB- do to be inspired by this wreck-sniff crushed crayons as they were developing this ill-conceived prank ?
The cross-dressing comedy would n't be completely without homo-neurotic antics .
Would it have been too much to ask for it to have been a mediocre , 75-minute piffle rather than 105 minutes of torture padded with overwrought messaging and yo-mama jokes ?
It demonstrates that no matter how bad you think the movies can get , you 're just not trying hard enough .
... half of it was funny .
takes the Wayans ' brand of gross-out humor to a whole new low
Atypical in every sense of the word .
I knew we were in trouble when there was a `` Hammer Time '' joke in the first few minutes , a reference way past its sell-by date .
White Chicks is n't horrible . It 's just innocuous , run-of-the-mill , and makes very few inroads into crafting anything new .
It 's not what the Wayans brothers do , it 's how they do it . They do it funny .
Scores more hits than misses .
As with every other genre , there 's a right way and a wrong way to handle dude-lawman comedies . Chicks does it right a lot of the time .
-LSB- White Chicks -RSB- squanders every opportunity for sharp comedy in favor of pratfalls and fart jokes .
White Chicks has more laughs than it deserves , but also a story that is just plain lazy .
To enjoy White Chicks , you do n't so much have to suspend your disbelief as you have to retard it .
An early candidate for worst movie of the year .
Much of what passes for humor in White Chicks derives from such charming plot devices as the lactose intolerance of one of the brothers .
Men learning about the female experience by dressing as women is a nice sentiment , but Tootsie had that covered two decades ago . White Chicks should have tried for more .
As affectionate as it is witty .
The film 's saccharine ending is something of a letdown as the guys ' time in high heels teaches them sensitivity and brings them true love . But for most of its raucous run , White Chicks has soul .
Marlon and Shawn Wayans have finally crossed my line .
The makeup job meant to establish the Wayans ' as white women is one of the least convincing since Meryl Streep 's rabbi in Angels in America .
Moronic .
White Chicks feels more like an idea for a TV sketch that would have been much fresher had it been inflated into a movie in the '90s .
Even though they go preachy in the end , these chicks with quips deliver scattered bouts of hilarity .
If you want to laugh at cartoonishly shallow rich girls , you 'd be much better off staying in to watch the new season of The Simple Life -- for free .
The movie is much more interested in the flatulence gags it can wring out of lactose intolerance than lampooning social intolerance .
A disconnected mess that runs way too long .
White Chicks is tedious and stupid , awkward and juvenile . That it makes not a lick of sense is the least of its problems .
The movie drags on too long with too few punch lines and way too many trips to the powder room .
Even if it lingers a bit too long , White Chicks represents a solid accomplishment for the crowd-pleasing Wayans brothers .
Hit-and-miss comedy .
Keenen Ivory needed to spend a few more hours in the editing room .
The premise veers wildly from its fertile setup , thanks to acting that is n't broad so much as grotesque , humor that 's is n't smart so much as witlessly vulgar , and preposterous plotting that insults the intelligence .
A succession of thin sketches that add up to Some Like It Warmed Over .
Derivative , crude and so predictable it hurts .
A moronic version of better gender-bending films .
It 's not even a funny premise , but the Wayans brothers stoop to new lows to eke out even one laugh . When they run out of racist humor , they turn to toilet humor .
Had White Chicks been funnier , smarter , there might have been some subversive value in seeing what the Wayans made of the absurd social rituals of white elites .
If a festival of flatulence is your idea of fun , you 'll think you 've died and gone to heaven .
Despite the best-paid efforts of six writers , including all three Wayanses , I could n't suspend disbelief for a microsecond .
A film so dreary and conventional that it took an act of the will to keep me in the theater .
The satire may be broad , but it can be wickedly funny at times .
The Wayans brothers ' easy charisma and charming good nature make up for a lot of shortcomings .
Then the audacity fades into oddity , and the outrageous grinds into out and out stasis .
You look at the trailer for White Chicks and you think , ` It ca n't possibly be that bad . If it 's that bad , our rating scale will have to include negative numbers . '
It goes places ... bad places . Creepy , skin-crawling , ` no , mommy , not the clown suit ' places . Places that chew at the subconscious and lurk in the hidden recesses of nightmare .
I held out hope that one of the stars from Alien vs. Predator might wander onto the set and devour all of these painfully unfunny people . Now that 's comedy !
Clearly made with the intention of discovering a whole new sublevel beneath Lowest Common Denominator , White Chicks is easily one of the worst `` comedies '' I 've ever seen
Most movies require some suspension of disbelief . But White Chicks ... requires something more radical than that . A full frontal lobotomy might be a good place to start .
Even within the context of a gimmicky comedy , the idea of the Wayans looking like white women is a stretch the movie ca n't pull off . They look more like cast members of Cats .
A series of skits clumsily assembled into a sometimes unintelligible narrative .
If White Chicks is n't quite up to Some Like It Hot or Tootsie standards -LRB- and it 's not -RRB- , it may be because the Wayanses , who also wrote the script , never find a story to support a scattershot collection of jokes .
... may not exactly knock your Jimmy Choos off , but Shawn and Marlon Wayans are so mesmerizing in their Juicy Couture you 'll practically forget all about the lame storyline .
If you lie restlessly awake at night because you 're deeply upset by the lack of flatulence gags in recent comedies , White Chicks is the answer to your prayers .
It takes a premise that is unworkable to begin with , stretches it so far that no one will buy it , and then utilizes only the stalest and most obvious jokes anyway .
White Chicks is a slapstick , silly , sometimes crude comedy with some jokes that leave you laughing , and others that fall very short of the mark .
... feels like a feature-length sketch : Some Like It Hot with a white-face twist .
Director Keenen Ivory Wayans and his co-conspirators -- his brothers , co-writers and stars Shawn and Marlon -- along with a swarm of co-writers and co-producers throw everything at the screen to see what sticks . A fair amount does .
I chuckled just once through this 105 minute affair , and that just does n't cut it .
A woefully unfunny slapstick farce in which even the makeup is bad .
In the end , what is the film 's drag act but an excuse for the Wayans to learn how to respect women 's feelings ?
Marlon Wayans is one funny dude .
Given the core concept , two hours and a pencil , any person off the street would come up with all the same jokes ... and then some . A clear case of `` who cares ? '' script writing .
One character almost has it right when she describes it all as Jerry Springer . But even the Ringmaster has standards : Reverse racist drag is so three seasons ago .
Yes , there are some big -- even giant -- laugh-inducing moments , but this is one ribald cinematic effort that could have used another extensive rewrite .



@highlight

Scattershot comedy that 's silly and obvious .