There 's only so much Ford 's ever-game efforts can do to dress up dreck .
Such a vapid vehicle for every single cast member that it 's difficult to actually enjoy .
The movie is so disposable that you wo n't remember you 've seen it .
Another edge-of-your-seat , roller coaster ride from a matinee idol everybody loves to root for .
A solid ensemble almost saves Firewall , but , in the end , it goes up in campy flames .
Director Richard Loncraine shows no affinity for the nuts and bolts of constructing thrillers , playing out the script 's empty threats and chases at a lethargic pace .
Harrison Ford is outshone by his costars in this crisp , conventional thriller .
There is an air of desperation about Firewall , a sense that Ford needed to make this movie just to keep his face in the public eye , lest we think he had fallen off the planet altogether .
Its formulaic moves seem particuarly tired .
... it 's always good to see Ford back in action mode . He lifts a routine film out of total mediocrity by his very presence .
The characters spend a lot of time hunched over keyboards tap-tap-tapping away , which is n't all that suspenseful to watch .
The movie gets a lift from Mary Lynn Rajskub in a glamorized version of her nerd 's wet dream Chloe on 24 , which is also better this year with the Chloe quotient pumped up .
It runs along a time-worn path at a leisurely pace and holds few surprises .
A formulaic , it 'll - do action-thriller , Firewall does what you 'd expect it to well enough but fails to fully exploit the skills of its talented cast -- particularly the leading man .
Something of a throwback to the Harrison Ford thrillers of the 90s , this is an average thriller with the occasional fun moment .
Not that -LSB- Harrison Ford -RSB- deserves our sympathy . The increasingly wrinkly veteran seems determined to age gracelessly , taking roles he 's clearly too old for in a desperate attempt to maintain his leading man status .
Harrison Ford is n't exactly the kind of guy you might envision as a computer expert , but then again he did make the Kessel Run in less than 12 parsecs
A generic , rudimentary thriller but shows there is still life left in the old Ford . Madsen , though , needs to beware the ` Curse of Harrison . '
O roteiro atravessa a fronteira do ridículo no terceiro ato .
The filmmakers seem too committed to a PG-13 rating , so they do n't take any real risks with the kids -- commendable on the one hand , but deadly to the thriller on the other .
What might 've helped matters would have been a little touch of creativity on the script end , with most every turn seen coming a mile away , and maybe even more importantly , more interference from the secondary players who are completely wasted here .
Director Richard Loncraine appears to have taken all his cues from the dog .
Barrier grief .
Firewall offers nothing new nor original . It is a retread , formulaic to the nth degree , with every cliché telegraphed reels ahead of when they occur .
The film is pretty much what you would expect % u2013 a formulaic , predictable plot and Ford cast as everyman who does impossible things % u2026 Ford looks as though he is trying too hard % u2013 he is too wide-eyed and too fraught .
Indiana Jones 4 is a terrible idea , but might we suggest a remake of On Golden Pond as an alternate ?
By the time this match of wits reaches the inevitable mano-a-mano final showdown , viewers will probably have become weary from all of the incoherent plot twists and ludicrous contrivances .
I really , REALLY like Harrison Ford . And that 's why I really , REALLY wanted to like `` Firewall . ''
... serviceable if entirely uninspired ...
If I had n't seen Ford at his grimmest in Firewall , I would have never found out how you can steal $ 100 million from a bank simply by using an iPod and a little scotch tape .
If Ford 's character is too much like the ones he played in Patriot Games and The Fugitive , at least Firewall restores his status of everyday action hero .
The best that can be said about the predictable ` Firewall ' is its showcasing of the patented action-Ford .
This one displays a fair amount of intelligence before the ludicrous third act sets in .
You 've seen this movie a dozen times .
Solid escapist entertainment , equal parts silly and smart .
An overblown , unrelenting movie that tries to disguise its ludicrous plot with enough technical jargon to make it all appear feasible .
This is one of the dopiest plans in the history of evil genius plans .
Firewall feels like other movies we 've seen starring the same actor ... It feels like Harrison Ford is phoning in his performance this time .
Firewall is barely worth seeing , despite its above-average cast .
This high tech thriller starts out speaking to some hot topics in the headlines but quickly descends into a far-fetched crime drama .
I can not remember when I 've been this incredibly bored by a movie . Put it this way : I had the devil of a time staying awake -- and I saw a matinee .
Can we consider it stealing if Harrison Ford falls back on character traits from roles he originated ?
Harrison Ford is Hollywood 's last action hero
It 's not that ` Firewall ' is a bad movie -- it 's just not that great . Plus I am so over Harrison Ford .
A flawed , formulaic , February film featuring former fugitive Harrison Ford .
No matter how accomplished the performers , it 's difficult to make tapping on a keyboard and staring at computer screens exciting .
The new Harrison Ford movie , ` Firewall , ' does n't just sentence its audience to a dull time at the movies . It also sentences its talented cast with 100 minutes of mediocrity .
Ford predictably does his commonplace grunts and grimaces while being overwhelmed by the under-demanding material that has all the spark of an unplugged fax machine .
From the moment that Paul Bettany 's British accent mysteriously returns , we know there 's trouble afoot .
Let 's face it ; Harrison Ford is at the end of his shelf life as an action hero .
A rehash of plots from other movies that were n't that good to begin with .
A by-the-numbers , old-fashioned thriller with at least two huge plot holes .
Though Firewall is n't Ford 's best work , it 's satisfying to see he can still carry an action film .
As thrillers go , this is definitely worth a matinee .
Despite straining credulity , it 's surprisingly tense and well-paced .
As we watch Ford reprise his trademark mannerisms , we no longer enjoy the ring of familiarity . We just hear the tolling of a bell -- Ford 's .
A high-tech variation on The Desperate Hours -LRB- 1955 , 1993 -RRB- , this thoroughly formulaic thriller , in which a middle-aged everyman has to go mano a mano with the bad guys who threaten his family , goes through the motions with singular dispiritedness .
For all the blarney about hacking and up-to-the-minute tech geekery , it 's really just the same old story about protecting the homestead from rustlers in black hats .
Put Alan Thicke in the lead role of Firewall and , without changing one line of dialogue , the flick would debut at 9 pm Eastern on ABC 's Movie of the Week .
Firewall is the flaming arrow of truth that Harrison Ford is fully in the throes of what worried scientists are calling the De Niro Syndrome .
Ford is definitely hacking his way through something in Firewall , but it 's not a computer .
-LSB- A -RSB- tense but too often preposterous thriller .
It 's a tricky thing , but an ideal thriller enables an audience to enjoy watching characters suffer . Here , that 's difficult .
Although there are a number of small , internal twists and turns , the outline of the plot sags from having had so many movies hung on it for so many years .
Firewall is steadfast in its determination to keep its hero one-dimensional .
Ultimately , Firewall hits a wall of its own , forgoing any attempt at an offbeat , high-tech finale .
Firewall is mostly fast-paced and absorbing , at least it until it goes balls-to-the-walls dumb in the third act .
It 's not long before the timely issue of identity theft takes a backseat to old-fashioned Hollywood villainy , unnecessary -LRB- and nonsensical -RRB- red herrings , and stuff that does n't make sense .
The Firewall scenario is by now achingly familiar -- rich person in fabulous digs menaced by team of thugs that wants something . Last year it was Hostage , before that Panic Room , with others in between .
Thrillers are n't just about action and surprises , they 're about fear and fury . And for a film with fire in the title , you expect a lot more heat .
It is -- almost two hours of people sitting around , staring at laptops and grunting , with occasional bursts of uninteresting violence that usually end with Harrison Ford falling down -LRB- or hitting someone with an appliance and then falling down -RRB- .
Those who do n't spend enough time watching computer screens at work , however , can see more of them in Firewall , starring grumpy Harrison Ford as the head of digital security for a mid-sized Seattle bank .
Expect the predictable series of attempted double crosses , frame-ups and escape attempts that will be wearyingly familiar to anyone whose seen last year 's Hostage .
For every movie based on a clever screenplay that takes years to get made , there are a dozen like the formula hostage thriller Firewall .
Firewall is an assembly-line thriller .
For all its fleeting touches of color , Firewall 's main players are stranded in template land .
While Harrison Ford gives an authenticity to good guy roles that many younger actors ca n't come close to , this is cliche-ridden , formulaic and predictable .
What follows is supposed to be a gripping game of cat-and-mouse between hero and villain , but director Richard Loncraine -LRB- Wimbledon -RRB- and first-time writer Joe Forte are only fitfully successful in ratcheting up the tension .
Aspiring Hollywood filmmakers , take note . If you want to get a movie produced with minimal creative effort , Richard Loncraine and Joe Forte have provided the perfect template with Firewall .
The suspense , tension and thrills may not stop your heart , but they 'll certainly rev it up a bit .
If you 're in the mood for a thriller , Firewall will suffice -- barely .
This film is so formulaic , so thoroughly what you 'd expect that by the time you 're done watching it you feel like you 've just seen it for the second time .
The plot of Firewall is about as complex as a game of Pong .
Though it 's supposed to be a suspense-thriller , Firewall is suspense-free short on thrills .
A generally uninspired script strains when it 's time to wrap things up .
Firewall gives us little reason to bestow deeper meaning on what is essentially a pre-owned Ford vehicle .
Predictable from the start , Forte 's script marches dutifully through its Sid Field-appointed paces , never deviating from the gospel formula by which such films are supposed to become blockbusters .
There are other plot holes -LRB- four days indoors and the dog does n't have to go ? -RRB- but , dispiritingly , Firewall is one of those movies where every detail in the first act is designed to pay off by the third .
As a routine thriller Firewall is barely functional , but as a waste of talent , it 's positively amazing .
There are tense moments early on , and Bettany makes a convincing , sleek sociopath , but the movie 's compromised by a dumbed-down script , ludicrous plot twists and a howler of a finale .
If it was n't lame enough already , they throw in a mid-film recap for the plot-impaired ... we want to know which studio executive 's family was held hostage until he green-lighted this movie .
Harrison Ford returns to the big screen in a mediocre action thriller , a joy to watch but nevertheless miscast in a blatant exploitation of his fan base .
There is nothing new here other than the star is a little bit older and slightly more grizzled , otherwise every beat and every bump are all pieces of a jigsaw puzzle many of us have put together far too many times before .
Is there any role that Mary Lynn Rajskub ca n't make strange ? I mean , delightfully and eloquently strange ?
Another Hollywood movie that presents a ` typical ' American family as ultra-privileged and glamorous .
once the fistfights , car chases and stray explosions begin to mount , the movie veers into exponentially dumb overkill .
It would as foolish to ask for logic here as it would be to ask it of a roller coaster ride .
`` Firewall '' is the kind of ho-hum winter doldrums film that begs for you get something classic from NetFlix
Is n't Harrison Ford getting too old for this ?
Joe Forte 's screenplay does n't stop at merely stretching credibility -- it keeps pushing until ` Firewall ' becomes absolutely absurd . ... That 's a shame , since Ford turns in an otherwise convincingly tense performance .
This is one Firewall that 's been badly hacked .
Ford is back in action , albeit a little more slowly and cautiously than before , and in the service of a plot that is ludicrous and predictable -LRB- if still blandly diverting -RRB- .
The film is precise , square and in many regards beat-perfect - in other words , the perfect movie to skip in theaters and enjoy somewhere down the road as a rainy-weekend rental or background-noise friend while paying some bills .
The kind of movie that wears its cliches like bright flowers on a Hawaiian shirt .
For those who enjoy big dumb fun every now and again to clear out the senses , Firewall offers some terrific entertainment in the moments before it begins to confuse itself .
If you 're expecting an intricate techno-thriller , that 's not what this is . This is one of those high concept thrillers where they milk a limited situation to a ridiculous degree . As such , it 's great fun .
Bettany is a perfect 21st Century bad guy as he mixes nastiness with a detached coolness that makes you shudder at its cruelty .
It actually manages to out-generic every Ashley Judd movie ever .
Play -LSB- s -RSB- it safe ... to sit through this home-invasion scenario yet again , I think we 're owed a dead kid . Or at least a contusion . Maybe lightly stun the dog ? Toss us a bone here !
gives us a main character whose relationship to his family is so generic as to be negligible , a threat so mild that the bad guy is crueler to his henchmen than to his victims , and a crime so petty-yet-lucrative that we wish we 'd thought of it ourselves
When did Indiana Jones turn into the cranky old guy at the end of the street who would yell at you for playing in his yard ?
The nail in the coffin for Firewall is its unapologetic string of product placements .
Firewall is below average winter escapism , but those who have truly missed the Harrison Ford brand of justice may find the film enticing and fulfilling .
What we essentially have here is an old-fashioned , not always convincing B picture with A-list stars .
The thrills in this movie are strictly low-wattage .
This movie has been made a hundred times since The Desperate Hours struck the formula back in 1955 .
... this hack job of film does n't even have the smarts to include or make mention of firewall technology .
Harrison Ford needs a better agent . Or a sharper pair of reading glasses for perusing scripts . He just seems to keep choosing the same tired heroic roles , and ends up coming across as a caricature of his younger self .
Director Richard Loncraine and screenwriter Joe Forte run out of ideas . So they turn to the action-movie mainstays -- guns , fisticuffs and explosions -- in an over-the-top showdown that tries to make up in mayhem what it lacks in credibility .
Coming soon : Harrison Ford as a grandpa seeking revenge in Spam Blocker .
Do Clear and Present Danger or Air Force One ring a bell ? If not , get thee to Blockbuster , as those films follow a similar outline to greater effect than does Firewall .
An efficient time-passer at least until the plot starts obsessing over the fate of the family dog .
As a techno-thriller , Firewall fails to surmount the obstacle that plagues such films : How do you make tapping at a computer interesting ?
If this be high tech , I 'd just as soon have my highly-derived thrillers stick to old-fashioned , smelly , touchy , feely analog plotlines .
Overwritten , crammed full of cliched plot twists , and top-heavy with electronic gadgets and yuppie bling .
Firewall , a thrill-challenged thriller starring Harrison Ford , manages to entertain mildly only because it gives moviegoers ample opportunity to test their action-movie I.Q.
Firewall is an ingenious attempt to update an old plot with new technology , and it is made with competence , skillful acting , and the ability to make us feel cleverer about digital stuff than we really are .
Filmmakers who want to make new-style scare-fests should not be thinking old style .
It 's the skill of the actors that keeps Firewall anchored in something recognizably human .
Instead of dramatic tension , Firewall makes do with a lot of frantic typing at computer keyboards . It 's like watching Microsoft 's Service Pack 2 download for nearly two hours .
Firewall is a riveting suspense thriller , in the sense that after about an hour and a half of it you 're still riveted by the suspense of what exactly is going on .
Director Richard Loncraine and writer Joe Forte inject fatty layers of false leads , techno-babble and dull-witted tension into what is essentially a generic hostage machine .
Follows an oft-taken path through undistinguished scripting drearier than its rain-swept Seattle setting and more improbable than snowfall in August .
Firewall is one of those mildly entertaining family hostage movies with Harrison Ford as , of course , the good guy .
Had Loncraine done a better job of plundering his own oeuvre , Firewall might have acquired the mojo it so sorely lacks .
Harrison Ford is now 63 , but he 's every bit as spry as a 62-year-old .
An engrossing thriller and stirring emotional ride .
This lackluster effort starring a very dour Harrison Ford fails to engage the audience .
A pastiche of other kidnapping thrillers such as Ransom , Do n't Say A Word , Hostage and Desperate Hours , but still manages to sustain interest .
` Air Force One ' without the presidency or the plane ... the formula feels awfully tired , the plausibility quotient is ludicrously low , and Ford seems a bit long in the tooth .
Firewall overdraws account , bounces checks and hits the max on its credit card ... who knew debt could be this fun ?
Having once vehemently ordered Russian hijackers to `` Get off my plane ! , '' Harrison Ford ca n't even get a few techie terrorists out of his living room in Firewall .
We are treated to Ford 's magnetic and understated inner buzz of panic , and his panache with purposefully silly , growled-out catchphrases like , `` I 'm gon na find my dog ! ''
It kept me alert , terrified and royally entertained .
If you feel like you 've seen it before , it 's because you have -- action heroes beating the crap out of people in the pious name of protecting their loved ones .
Trots out every stereotype in the book .
Sitting through the movie feels like running out the clock -- a sensation clearly shared by Ford , who turns in one of his glummest , most listless performances yet .
An old fashioned thriller and an exhilarating ride . ... film 's secret sauce is Mary Lynn Rajskub -LRB- `` 24 '' -RRB- in a supporting role .
A flaccid insurance-company audition to get Ford covered for one more round as Indiana Jones .
As for Ford , autumn is upon him .
Firewall is flawed , but that did n't prevent me from enjoying it for what it is , nor will that prevent me from recommending it to those who enjoy a thriller with enough of the right ingredients to provide a couple hours of escapism .
A passable distraction . Nothing more .
Beyond Paul Bettany 's suave villain , there 's not much to distinguish what amounts to an old-fashioned `` B '' picture , except perhaps its unusually overwrought score .
Both dutifully formulaic and brazen in its willingness exploit in-jeopardy elements just short of the horror-film threshold , such barriers might prevent audiences from savoring an otherwise old-fashioned thriller .
The challenge of making a satisfyingly modernist techno thriller is missed by Loncraine whose film recalls auch suspensers about a family under siege as The Desperate Hours and Cape Fear -LRB- both of which have been remade -RRB- .



@highlight

Harrison Ford 's rote performance brings little to this uninspired techno-heist film whose formulaic plot is befuddled with tedious and improbable twists .