Unmemorable , unfunny and unoriginal .
Save for its dalliance with the everyman action movie , there 's no surprises in Paul Blart : Mall Cop , another largely listless comedy from Sandler 's Happy Madison production company .
In places the plot sags a bit and some jokes do n't quite hit their mark or tickle the funny bone as much as they 're obviously meant to .
James is much better than a lot of his contemporaries at this , eschewing over-the-top clowning for actual humanity . But it all gets thrown out the window in the second half . Maybe he 'll do better next time .
Neither good enough to to really cheer for nor bad enough to really care about trashing it , it exists in that room-temperature middle where nothing feels like it matters .
Shoot me now !
Does n't offer anything new but it is an ample addition to the comedy genre , and after a mostly rip-roaring 91 minutes , you 'll understand how the film did so well in America .
... a hopelessly underwhelming comedy ...
Unfunny , unoriginal and tedious - Mall Cop is successful only at living up to the standard set by past films that have begun with the words ` A Happy Madison Production ' .
It 's only almost the making of a comedy classic .
The title and premise alone sound like every stupid comedy you 've avoided for decades . Something was different % u2013 something was done right . Three other friends shared my secret shame enjoying this amiable , broad % u2013 and subtle % u2013 romantic act
About ten times funnier than the similarly-themed Observe & Report , though this silly , slapstick adventure is aimed more at kids than adults .
An unfunny comedy with a limited imagination and a steady diet of fat jokes .
The numerous making-of featurettes includes a treat for those of us in eastern Massachusetts with the Burlington Mall highlighted ...
... a genial , inoffensive little comedy that coasts on the charm of its `` King of Queens '' star James ...
What 's most disappointing here is that Kevin James appears capable of far more rich and subtle comedy than he 's ever likely to be part of in a Happy Madison production .
Y si , básicamente se trata de reírse del gordo . Pero como es el propio gordo quien sirve la broma , uno no se siente tan culpable y se ríe con él .
I found myself really quite enjoying this film , partly for its cheerful guying of mall culture . The heroine , Amy , works on a hair extension stand called Unbeweavable .
There 's no doubt that James is a fine comedic actor and the role of Paul Blart fits his big frame like a well worn glove . As writers , however , he and Bakay rely too heavily on slapstick ...
James makes a funny , likeable doofus , and the expansion of his girth since his hit sitcom The King of Queens is used to great comic effect .
Men of a certain size will love Paul Blart - and his pursuit through the centre is remarkably inventive . Truly for all the family .
Although juvenile , predictable and utterly forgettable , has an endearing central character in Kevin James
With only some scattershot scenes of physical humor , ` Paul Blart : Mall Cop ' does little to keep viewers safe from boredom .
to my surprise , once the action part of the story kicked in , `` Paul Blart : Mall Cop '' transformed into a rather enjoyable comic adventure .
An ` arresting ' comedy . James ' best work .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop is a tongue-planted-firmly-in-cheek force to be reckoned with .
a good-natured , but awkward and often unfunny comedy that bounces from sad-sack pathos to slapstick action parody
You ca n't be too hard on a film that blows up a Rainforest Cafe , can you ?
Thanks to Kevin James ' earnest portrayal of an earnest guy , I was won over by the film 's goofy charms .
I know this is January , the month where dreadful movies go to die , and I know we have to take what we can get . But this ? Spring has rarely seemed so far away .
I really , really like Kevin James . But this is disappointing .
Like a mall , has long stretches where you see nothing of interest and a generally stale air to it . Unlike a mall , you ca n't just browse and then move on to a better section .
There 's nothing quite like the words ` Happy Madison Productions ' appearing on the screen to diminish my expectations concerning the movie about to unfold .
Kevin James throws his weight around as the dedicated mall cop , but sometimes his actions are more silly than funny .
This is n't brain surgery ; this is daffy entertainment that plays to its strengths , with director Steve Carr trusting in James ' deadpan earnesty
James takes a Segway , a cheesy mustache and the comic idea of Die Hard in a mall and bumbles his way to a lightweight but frequently funny film for the whole family .
Once you 've seen about the first 20 minutes of the movie , you 've got a sense of what all of the jokes were going to be .
James gives it everything he 's got , totally committing to the character and delivering clean comedy which often times is often more difficult than creating just a raunch-fest .
The hero is named for a disgusting bodily function that 's hardly PG material , but the movie itself seems to be aimed at grade schoolers .
It 's a trivial pursuit , slathered with peanut butter .
A couple of Segway jokes stretched to an hour and a half running time .
... this is a masterpiece compared to anything Rob Schneider has put out only it suffers from the same form of stereotyping .
The film 's drawback seems to be -LRB- Kevin -RRB- James ' indecision on a tone as well as how to present Blart .
Just one long pratfall ... an avalanche of really dumb action comedy that aims to be a variant on the Inspector Clouseau formula but fails miserably .
Mall cops everywhere should sue . The movie is trash .
Kevin James is hard not to like . He 's a big , goofy , personable doofus better suited for a half-an-hour TV show like The King of Queens than trying to carry a 90-minute movie .
`` I just love this guy , '' James says of Paul Blart in the movie 's production notes . For the sake of humanity I hope and pray that barely anyone else shares his affection .
Kevin James ' slapstick comedy will amuse older tweens .
Forget the rocky character development . Give me a fat guy falling down , and I 'll start to laugh .
The road from TV star to movie leading man is loaded with ill-conceived films .
The last name Blart may be the funniest thing in the movie , so that 's a hint as to just how bad this shopping-center saga can be .
It 's surprisingly okay , in a January kind of way .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop is like the many variations on tuna surprise that show up at potlucks : generic but with a little something added to differentiate it .
As cheapo larks go , it 's a winningly unassuming one : no stars , no big action set pieces . Just a fat guy , a near-empty mall , and a lot of really ridiculous ideas .
It 's just not particularly funny . That Segway , alas , only goes so far .
An inoffensive way to spend 90 minutes , unless of course you 're on the husky end of the spectrum , in which case they 're all going to laugh at you .
Paul Blart tepidly goes through its motions , but that does n't mean you have to .
Just as James struggles to make unfunny material tolerable , so too does the supporting cast fall flat .
I suppose the food equivalent would be that nacho cheese that comes in a can with little chunks of jalapeño mixed in .
Directed by Steve Carr , a man who knows how to put a camera in front of things , if little else , and written , sort of , by Nick Bakay and Mr. James .
It 's a juvenile motion picture designed primarily for a juvenile audience . But there 's a little more here than one might reasonably expect .
Laughs occasionally ensue .
Avoid this mall cop and just go shopping instead .
Perfectly inoffensive and almost entirely unfunny .
-LSB- The film -RSB- oo often settles for easy , lazy jokes , most of which revolve around either food or running into stuff .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop is so inconsequential you forget about it even before the movie is over .
Some people really love goofy comedy , and for those people there 's Paul Blart : Mall Cop . You can bring the kids .
James , at his best when he lets loose , plays his character a little too straight and so loses some of the movie 's comic potential .
Sensationally stupid , haphazardly made and qualifying as unmitigated trash by any standards , Paul Blart : Mall Cop also manages to be consistently hilarious , thanks to star Kevin James .
This comedy from Adam Sandler 's Happy Madison production company takes itself too seriously for its own good .
Surprisingly winning .
Working from a script co-written by James , the film feels like a Die Hard parody that 's at least a decade too late . It 's sophomoric and rudimentary , the whole thing offering so few laughs I almost fell asleep in the theater while watching it .
To call this Kevin James comedy fatuous might be misinterpreted as an attack on the star 's girth -- so how about inane , tepid , lazy , puerile , phony , and unfunny ?
It 's unlikely that even WALL-E could bring himself to scoop up this movie and leave it on his post-apocalyptic junk heap .
You might chuckle occasionally as the film drones on to a close , but mostly you 'll be wondering when it will all end .
Producer Adam Sandler must have though so little of the film that he did n't even see it fit for a Rob Schneider cameo .
... a silly film that exists primarily as a vehicle for James ... this marks the emergence of a comedy star who may get to fulfill the promise he shows here in films to come .
You 'd better shop around % u2014you could probably find an unfunny comedy with an unappealing hero and clumsily shot action choreography for much less than retail price . Maybe the straight-to-DVD bin ?
Oh my goodness , it 's a ripoff of Die Hard . A shameless ripoff that gets more and more shameless the longer it goes on ...
Paul Blart : Mall Cop is a perfect display of clichés and predictability but I could n't help but laugh at Kevin James riding the scooter and his addiction to pixie sticks .
Paul Blart delivers laughs , yes , but it 's only one great slapstick actor and a little bit of heart away from being just another truly idiotic comedy .
Never delivers the big laughs this star in this promising premise really should .
Parental Content Review
So , as much as I hate to be mean , it is my solemn responsibility as a movie reviewer to award Paul Blart Mall Cop a Frowny Face . -LRB- Do n't hate me , Kevin James ! Or you either , Steve Carr ! -RRB-
Adept at physical comedy , Kevin James -- who co-wrote the ` Paul Blart : Mall Cop ' script -- emerges the king of his retail domain .
Who could have imagined that , mere days into 2009 , we 'd already have a formidable contender for the worst film of the year !?
Boring and predictable in both its narrative and its aesthetics , Paul Blart : Mall Cop is dumbed-down , low-rent slapstick with stereotypes galore and a violent undercurrent that does n't sit well .
It 's Die Hard meets Home Alone on a segway ! Except , Kevin James is not as cute as Macaulay Culkin and not as tough as Bruce Willis .
James , who co-wrote , endows the title character with such piercing sweetness that even his geeky pretensions are endearing .
This dim-bulb , family-oriented slapstick film benefits greatly from James ' knack for physical comedy , but it 's ultimately too bland and uninspired .
... after a dismal first half hour , it changes from a piteous low intellect attempt at humor to a light-hearted takeoff on Bruce Willis and the `` Die Hard '' movies .
unfathomably unfunny ... centered around mean-spirited fat jokes
A senseless Hollywood comedy .
Co-produced by Adam Sandler , Mall Cop has an innate sweetness that 's reminiscent of Sandler 's 1998 romantic comedy The Wedding Singer , although the laughs do n't quite reach those levels .
Not a bad premise , but most of the comedy just dies . Hard .
-LSB- Has -RSB- such obviously humble intentions that busting on it is a bit like harassing the junior high school outcast who just wants to eat his tater tots in peace .
A shamelessly sentimental comedy with a few crude gags thrown in arbitrarily .
Unlike James himself , the movie is a few bricks shy of a load , which explains why a movie obviously ticketed for a holiday release has backed up to mid-January .
The film is completely forgettable , frequently funny and weirdly satisfying in a Jersey Loser Gets Respect kind of way .
mostly this film spins its wheels not unlike the way that Paul spins the wheels of his mall-issued Segway % u2122 .
-LSB- James ' -RSB- remarkably winning performance turns Blart into the ultimate underdog -- a decent guy who 's finally having the kind of day he deserves .
Paul Blart : Mall Cop is a slapstick comedy with a hero who is a nice guy . I thought that was n't allowed anymore .
Give this to Paul Blart : Mall Cop : It delivers on everything it promises . Which is to say , nearly nothing .
Somewhere beneath its mediocre comedic trappings , there 's a decent action movie trying to fight its way free .
The end product wo n't win any Oscars , but the edges of this slapstick action film retain James 's blitzkrieg sense of humor , making for a light comic adventure I 'm positive kids will flip for .
If you are a Kevin James fan you probably will want to see him rolling around , otherwise you can pass on this one to save a few bucks .
-LSB- James -RSB- plays yet another misfit , but one who 's so two-dimensional , needy -LRB- and frankly annoying -RRB- that it 's difficult to root for him .
Like the movie 's sad-sack hero , this comedy never comes close to achieving its real potential .
The thin comic appeal of Kevin James is laid on a bit thicker in Paul Blart : Mall Cop , his first solo star vehicle for the big screen .
An almost shockingly amateurish one-note-joke comedy on which the star also shares writing and producing credit .
-LSB- Kevin James -RSB- proves to be a warm leading man who grounds the movie as it morphs into a loopy heist thriller after a promising start as something entirely different : a gentle comedy of suburban underachievement .
TV 's King of Queens working stiff James relocates to Jersey in an even larger than life silly but good natured big screen laughathon , as the corpulent crimefighter who 's more than a little obsessive about cornering anyone shopping around for trouble .
James and Mays are engaging and a handful of moments do generate genuine laughs . Not enough to justify a paid night at the movies ...
The shot of Blart quietly crawling into a hostage situation inside the mall 's bank and walking through a roped line is a moment of absurd grace , only it 's shot with the vulgarity of a Crash Test Dummies commercial .

@highlight

Paul Blart : Mall Cop has some laughs , but its plot is flimsy and lacking in any sustained comic momentum .