Moving and intense , Men , Women , and Children manages to make us confront uncomfortable realities about ourselves , while also reassuring us that we can also be good people .
Men , Women , & Children is the latest of the cinematic thinkpiece new wave , a food-for-thought lesson in didacticism that , in its attempt to capture the multiple dimensions that technology adds to our lives , ends up seeming more like a flat morality tale .
The entire cast all turn in first-rate performances , as Reitman has given us a finely executed and fascinating cautionary tale that leaves lots of food for thought .
It 's the kind of movie where you would n't be surprised to discover Reitman and co - writer Erin Cressida Wilson were ticking the boxes on a literal checklist .
-LRB- Writrer-Director -RRB- Reitman indicts our society , which has become not just wired but thoroughly trussed up . He comes down too hard , though , on the one character who is perceptive enough to see from the start where all this connectedness is heading .
If Reitman 's aim was to push buttons , make us think , and give his cast a stage for some stellar performances , he 's succeeded wildly .
It looks fantastic but adds nothing to the discussion of a post-9 / 11 world - Men , Women & Children merely exploits it .
The name of the film is `` Men , Women & Children . '' Do n't forget the animals , because this one 's a real dog .
Ultimately , when it comes time to tie the film all together into something memorable , Men , Women & Children offers only its equivalent of a shrugging emoticon in reply .
Much of the film 's hard work is undone by a weak finale . Most of the characters go through a life-changing epiphany that does n't ring true .
Though a couple of the storylines have some of the bite of Reitman 's earlier work , the film mostly resorts to look-how-crazy-this-is handwringing ...
A new film , but the themes are old and tired .
Top marks go to young leads Ansel Elgort and Kaitlyn Dever , who manage to create their own believable world within the mawkish miasma of this flawed movie .
Flitting furiously from one story to the next , the film seems , appropriately enough , unhappy to allow any exchanges longer than 140 characters .
The script is so banal , it often plays like a spoof ...
There 's a fundamental flaw to this multi-strand social media-themed drama : it 's told completely from the perspective of older people .
Um filme com grandes ambições , mas visão limitada .
-LSB- This -RSB- film may be tedious and overburdened , but moments keep coming back to haunt me .
Parts of Men , Women & Children are very acutely observed and have real poignance . The problem is the Short Cuts-style structure , with its multiple characters and overlapping storylines .
The electronic hijacking of emotions , or perhaps emoticons , is a fascinating subject , but from the off , a voiceover from Emma Thompson makes it sound like this was written by a committee of cognitive psychologists .
It threads together the many story-lines , some of which you want to see more than others .
The acting - Sandler is affectingly muted and Dean Norris brings to mind the late James Gandolfini as a deserted dad - elevates the narrative while the destructive possibilities of over-reliance on electronic communication are soundly hammered home .
Both heavy-handed and ham-fisted , this is a self-important morality tale where you can see everyone 's uppance coming long before it arrives .
What a fantastically unwholesome situation it all is , and yet interestingly this film is both a melodramatic intensification of real-life web addiction , and also a cautious dilution .
It 's not helped at all by a cold script that really does n't invite us to feel for any of the myriad characters , really indulgent editing , and a too-obvious soundtrack desperate to tell us what to think and , always worse , how to feel .
It 's a comedy without laughs , a satire that takes two hours to make a two minute point ; if you 're reading this online , it 's already too late .
By the close , Men , Women & Children feels a lot like an ensemble drama about the common cold : as there is no known cure , all it can really do is list the symptoms .
The problem with Jason Reitman 's Men , Women & Children is that , as its title suggests , it 's trying to do too much .
Thought provoking and enjoyable .
I think all the acting in this in good . Adam Sandler is very good . Jennifer Garner is very good . It 's just that I found it contrived .
I 'm not sure that Reitman has completely succeeded . But he 's been well served by a splendid cast , both young and adult , and the film certainly packs in a message .
It 's a comedy -- almost -- about how the mobile phone and the internet have murdered intimacy . It 's not necessary to believe all of its atrocities to find it terrifying .
In its bid to make an important statement , -LSB- Reitman 's -RSB- new movie skims the surface of the subject and flirts with cliche .
A terrifying look at the digital world in which we exist - within the realm of internet , social media , texting and sexting - this is a film everyone should see ... It 's fascinating , voyeuristic , alarming and - worst of all - it 's true !
Technology is such an indispensable part of so many people 's lives that any attempt to encompass the phenomenon in an Oscar-friendly package is merely insulting .
A comedy of manners about youth and adults hooked on the Internet .
The film apparently believes subtext to be a book thrown in a hole and covered with dirt .
Despite melodramatic turns worthy of its Shakespearean predecessor , their story hits home the film 's moral : it is still possible to make meaningful connections in the real world .
There are ideas on our wi-fi culture contained within that deserve exploration , yet Men , Women & Children is an overwrought movie that refuses to express itself in a measured , reflective manner .
Adam Sandler is better in dramas than the phoned-in version of himself we often see in his comedies .
I 'm reduced to calling it a nice try , pointing out that Adam Sandler is n't embarrassing , and that while both Dennis Haysbert and J.K. Simmons are in it , neither one tries to sell us insurance .
As such , Men , Women , and Children is a conversation worth having -- that is , if people are still talking .
... a rare misfire from an otherwise reliable filmmaker .
The problem is it 's edgy for edgy 's sake . None of this really goes anywhere . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents also Available -RRB-
Densely populated cautionary tale offers good performances , but it 's not Reitman 's best
As the narratives build toward their predictable conclusions , `` Men , Women & Children '' seems wholly unaware that these various evils existed long before Facebook and Instagram .
This movie has all the wit and subtlety of an afterschool special as Reitman is practically screaming with all the earnestness and righteousness he can muster , `` This is how people live now ! ''
I normally love Jason Reitman flicks . This one feels unfinished and has a story that really has nowhere good to go .
`` Men , Women & Children '' is crowded with characters and subplots , a few of which resonate - but more often , an individual 's story seems lost in the cyberflurry .
It 's like a collection of shared and traded Instagram posts . Revealing the telling moments of individual lives in snapshots leaves an itch to dig deeper .
Not just narratively crude but aesthetically ugly .
In trying to be a big , important movie , `` Men , Women & Children '' is about none of the above .
Men , Women & Children attempts to achieve the tone of Reitman 's early films , pirouetting between behavioral levity and dark melodrama , yet it often falls flat .
Maybe if Reitman was making this point with a single , layered story , my heart could have been engaged even as my head was saying , `` No kidding . ''
Is it a little heavy-handed , melodramatic and obvious at times ? Sure , but it also features some great performances and an intriguing multi-story narrative .
The problem with Men , Women & Children - and it 's a big one - is that the movie is n't telling us anything we do n't already know .
Bizarre touches abound , and every point is hammered into submission .
It 's almost as if -LRB- and I know this might sound crazy -RRB- the tools meant to connect us actually do the opposite . Whoa .
Reitman and co-writer Erin Cressida Wilson -LRB- adapting Chad Kultgen 's novel -RRB- fumble through the plot like groping teenagers .
A desperate grab to seem relevant and profound
These characters are extremes but Reitman employs them in this microcosm to dramatic -LRB- and sometimes darkly comedic -RRB- purposes .
These interwoven tales of suburban parents and high-schoolers -- united by the common themes of sex , alienation , and the Internet -- amount to a kind of techno-misanthropic Love Actually .
There is an interesting film to be made about our increasingly complex relationship with technology and how it has seeped insidiously into every social ritual . Unfortunately that film has already been completed and it was called Her .
This is one of the worst movies of the year -- maybe the worst .
It is the year 's scariest film simply because it 's the year 's most realistic : Welcome to your nightmare .
It 's a wonder the actors are n't showing bruise marks from all the heavy-handed direction , the unrelenting solemnity of the thing .
Jason Reitman is way too young to have produced a work of such fuddy-duddy handwringing over These Kids -LRB- And Adults -RRB- Today and how we play with our e-toys .
Regardless of its errant imperfections , stirring conversation-starter `` Men , Women & Children '' is potent filmmaking about something .
the moments when Men , Women & Children transcends its limitations and offers a raw-nerved portrait of the Internet-infected suburbs are powerful - nearly enough to forgive the film 's diffuse focus and flab .
Banality posing as profundity ... a ponderously didactic ensemble piece ... so determined to deliver a message ... that it does n't bother to create credible characters , situations or dialogue .
Jason Reitman has made a movie that bears no wit or soul . That 's a sentence I never thought I 'd write .
`` Men , Women and Children '' seems to have gotten most of its ideas from scare segments on the local news . How did Reitman get the zeitgeist so right in `` Up in the Air '' and wrong here ?
Given this is an ensemble piece , we do struggle to get emotionally engaged or invested in any particular character and their predicament .
Reminds us we 've managed to make our pointless little world even more hellish by torturing each other through the Internet . Or by making films like this .
Reitman and Wilson have many good ideas , but `` Men , Women & Children '' has too many men , women , and children .
The film is so enamored of its own facile ironies that it fails to go anywhere with its observations .
The kids are all right . The internet is all right . It 's this dreary , futile , meandering movie that sucks the life out of everything .
It 's just too much , all this lamenting about the state of things , and for every moment of truth , there 's a scene so awkward , so cheesy , you wonder if you 're supposed to laugh .
Controversial drama explores impact , risks of online life .
Reitman offers a comprehensive portrait of The Way We Live Now , and the overall effect is a mass freakout , like a roomful of grandparents booting up their first AOL CD-ROM .
Perhaps a little more focus and a little more nuance could have made a much better movie , but the half-observed behaviors of all of them make for a dud .
Half-baked and both exploitative and naive , this is Reitman 's second misstep since `` Labor Day '' debacle .
There is nothing new here -- no startling revelations . It 's been done before -- on TV -- and better .
Reitman 's growing legacy of wasting talent is evident again .
Men , Women & Children is as anxious to seem contemporary as any after-school special .
Jason Reitman has lost his touch in Men , Women & Children , a scolding sermon on the evils of the Internet . Preacher Reitman wo n't be satisfied till we stomp our smartphones . LOL . WTF .
Considering its lack of concern in addressing a solution to the problem it raises , the movie 's fascination with masturbation is appropriate .
The moments in `` Men , Women & Children '' that are supposed to sting - like the malls and high school hallways filled with text-bubbles over everyone 's heads as they walk obliviously past each other - are already a visual cliche .
Given the breadth of the story , and Reitman 's wise choice not to try to connect everybody in Crash-like fashion , some sections of Men , Women & Children work better than others .
I did n't like this movie when it was called `` Disconnect , '' and cowriter/director Jason Reitman 's -LRB- `` Juno , '' `` Labor Day '' -RRB- adaptation of Chad Kultgen 's novel lays on pretension masquerading as deep thought for an even less convincing mix
Think a computer-driven , de-fanged Crash , without the ethnic diversity . Not exactly an epic fail , it could have used a reboot .
Men , Women & Children may not be Reitman 's best , but points to the Canadian director for ambition and assembling an admirable cast with not a weak performance in the bunch .
So depressing and pretentious that you may wonder how it got that way .
This has got to be the crotchetiest , most alarmist movie ever directed by a 36-year-old man , and would probably be the worst film released all year had Jason Reitman not also made Labor Day .
Once Reitman has finished zinging his characters for their self-absorption , their chronic loneliness and insecurity prove rich material for the able cast .
Everything this two-hour movie wants to say is succinctly found in its two-minute trailer , so just watch that instead .
Reitman 's not just missing badly . He 's hitting himself in the forehead with the bat .
The tragedy of Jason Reitman 's Men , Women & Children is that it was released the year it was made . In 2034 , two decades of distance will give it the weight of a documentary .
Why , in an age when we 're more connected to others than ever thanks to the Internet and social media , are we all so lonely ? It 's not an idle question . But the director 's answer to it is surprisingly obvious and unnuanced .
Here in a single film is a snapshot of how we live our lives circa 2014 in the technology-dominated digital age
Another fine step forward for Jason Reitman as a filmmaker , although for some , the film 's message may be a little on-point .
It all adds up to a lecture delivered in the Peanuts-parents squonk-voice , from someone much too young to be willingly wearing those mom-pants .
The plotline , just like the rest of the movie -LRB- written by Reitman and Erin Cressida Wilson -RRB- , veers toward the extreme , hammering home the film 's heavy histrionics .
Of all the disconnects between the characters , none is as big as that between the audience and the film itself .
It plays like a tone-deaf rant from people who stumbled online for the first time last week and could not believe what they saw . Why , there 's pornography ! And violent video games !
For the first time , Reitman is truly wearing his heart on his sleeve , expressing ordinary vulnerability and everyday worries .
The question that keeps returning is why a writer-director usually so canny in capturing cultural evolutions would turn so reactionary in taking on a computer-dependent society .
Reitman has always had a feel for female stories , and Elena Kampouris and Kaitlyn Dever are particularly touching as teen girls trapped in the world that social media has made even more suspicious and competitive .
Veering between alarmism and cautious reassurance - between technohysteria and shrugging , nothing-new-under-the-sun resignation - `` Men , Women & Children '' succumbs to the confusion it tries to illuminate .
Nothing if not earnest , the movie is also so preachy and square that it will be largely ignored by the very people it is trying to help .
It 's too soon to talk about writing Reitman off , but it 's not too soon to start the conversation about writing him off .
It 's a film that plays like it was made by someone who has n't spent much time with the people he 's depicting , has maybe read a few articles and heard some things , but figured that was enough intel for a state-of-emergency screed .
Jason Reitman fails to take into account any of the positive endeavors enabled by social media , which will no doubt be used to promote and market his film .
Reitman clearly wants to get at something human in his films - connection , family , humanity - but he lacks the artistic tools to explore those things ; a man stabbing at the stony soil of an archaeological dig with only a Q-tip to uncover its wonders .
The picture is at its strongest when it does n't obsess about the technology at play and simply concentrates on the human drama , which may qualify as irony if you consider what the film is trying to be about .
Communication problems have always been with us , and writer-director Jason Reitman 's low-key , character-driven movie about an ensemble of suburban families is a stunning look at how the Internet has added another barrier between parents and teens .
For some , it may feel as if you 're brow beaten into submission the entire time . At times , that would be completely accurate however , there 's no denying that Reitman 's cinematic aesthetic has been risen to an impeccable height .
Flawed but timely .
We 've entered a golden age of movies that use state-of-the-art technology to rail against the use of state-of-the-art technology .
Never less than enjoyable but beneath the satirical swipe is quite a conservative film intent on wagging fingers and teaching lessons .
The first Reitman film to make the 36-year-old director seem about 400 years old .
Reitman is such a skillful filmmaker that he does n't just score didactic points . He 's made the first movie to capture the tone , the rhythm , the flavour of our experience as it comes filtered through technology .
With all due respect to the male actors , I walked out of Jason Reitman 's new Men , Women & Children in awe of the ladies ... and its their stories that stick with me days later .
The reason why `` Children '' can be captivating at times , though , is its impressive ensemble . Elgort is the real standout here .
Men , Women & Children may not be as strong as Up in the Air , or as memorable as Juno , but it 'll start a conversation and may even convince you to unplug for awhile .
A well-meaning but curiously anesthetized ensemble piece .
Reitman 's ensemble drama tends to be too self-consciously mournful in its approach , overselling its message with far too much handwringing .
A keen , analytical portrait of the current moment in electronic and interpersonal communications .
A flawed Jason Reitman film . Its scope is too big , his ambitions too high .
As he demonstrated with ` Juno ' and ` Up in the Air , ' Reitman has an uncanny knack among contemporary directors for tapping into the zeitgeist in dramatically satisfying ways .
Jason Reitman 's film becomes the very thing it initially mocks , a `` Dateline '' - esque ensemble piece about the dark consequences of logging on , that tries and fails to send an message about human connectivity .
Men , Women & Children avoids some of the pitfalls of teen and tech focussed dramas , but is stretched thin by an overabundance of characters and concerns .

@highlight

Men , Women & Children is timely , but director Jason Reitman 's overbearing approach to its themes blunts the movie 's impact .