Prince Avalanche has the pristine integrity of a movie that knows exactly what it wants to be -- and does n't worry whether many or any will be eager to jump aboard .
There 's almost no plot and just two other minor characters but Prince Avalanche is a haunting , eccentric and ultimately touching little curio .
-LRB- Director David Gordon -RRB- Green combines the comic warmth and buddy film fun of Pineapple Express with the more laconic , musing quality of his early regional indies for a modest short story of a character piece .
This is n't a film ; it 's a one-act high-school play . Feel free to leave Prince Avalanche flailing in the wilderness .
With beautiful and interesting cinematography Prince Avalanche manages to put you out in the middle of nowhere with Alvin and Lance and their dysfunctional relationship .
There 's some terrific stuff going on here , its minimalist bent and gorgeous photography combining to form a quietly immense dramedy that should age very well .
For those who 've come for the juvenile humor , the film has very little to offer . Unfortunately , there is nothing particularly moving or substantive , either .
Most of the film feels directionless ... Yet , I ca n't deny that Prince Avalanche has a charm about it
Prince Avalanche certainly takes its time getting anywhere , but it 's hard to complain too much when the company 's good and the scenery is this nice .
An offbeat story with an unfocused director and narrative , Prince Avalanche becomes a mere lucid dream of cinematic enjoyment .
An eminently amicable piece of work
The film 's gift is that it is utterly grounded and simultaneously otherworldly .
This is a hauntingly beautiful story of two men discovering themselves -- and their place in the world -- when they are at their loneliest and is worth the money just to witness the joyous drunken scene .
It 's thanks largely to the simple , accessible chemistry between Rudd and Hirsh that film is , for the most part , a success .
Prince Avalanche is a slow burn and it does grow on you over time , but despite the central pair sharing undoubted chemistry , the movie 's dialogue is n't as riveting as it needed to be and it inevitably feels a little flat .
This is a slow moving film , and not much happens , so it is n't for everyone , but I liked the characters and the performances , which were all right on the money .
Weird charmer .
oddly hypnotic
The journey taken by Alvin and Lance has few plot points , but the film is remarkably gripping and rich .
A patience-testing two-hander about a pair of bickering oddballs spending an irritable summer painting traffic lines in the middle of fire-ravaged woodland .
An engaging variation of David Lynch 's film The Straight Story -LRB- 1999 -RRB- , this is about everything from humanity and landscapes to dungarees , fish , sleeping bags , fear of snakes , parenting worries and confessions affecting each character 's dynamic .
Rudd and Hirsch have great chemistry , and Green gives them room to develop their characters with a languid pace and unobtrusive style .
Flashes of oddball invention ca n't quite lift Prince Avalanche out of its own meandering fog .
For this low-key comedy-drama , writer-director David Gordon Green harks back to the quirky charms of his 2003 gem All the Real Girls -LRB- rather than the overt silliness of Pineapple Express or The Sitter -RRB- .
Engaging and beautifully shot , this is an enjoyably offbeat comedy with a stripped-down script and pair of pitch-perfect comic performances from Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch .
David Gordon Green returns to serious filmmaking with this Waiting for Godot for the All Tomorrow 's Parties set .
Cute , but thin .
Green has finally hit the sweet spot between his two cinematic modes - it 's light , very funny , and gorgeously scored , by David Wingo and Explosions in the Sky .
What emerges is a richly shot daydream whose vagaries will please the high-brow while frustrating the common hordes . But its general sensibility undoubtedly lies somewhere in the middle .
One of the most intriguing and thoughtful American films of the year .
It is n't until Rudd 's character dispenses with his rigidly straight-arrow outlook that the film really begins to come together .
Gordon Green follows up a pair of execrable comedies with a wise and witty slow-motion road trip that catches the sun .
Green fashions a slow-burn charmer that 's a million miles from Pineapple Express in tone , pace and content . But just like that film , the odd couple interplay is beautifully judged .
Prince Avalanche may not pull up any trees as such , but this is a sweet film which will , at the very least , make you smile .
Funny , sad and sometimes strange , Prince Avalanche is an imperfect oddity that deserves an audience .
Writer-director David Gordon Green ... lets the fractured friendship between Alvin and Lance make its own circuitous path , finding little gems along the way .
Effortless and filled with gorgeous sights and sounds , the storyline may seem simple , but Green actually appears to be doing more here than just razzing a couple of highway workers stuck in the sad state of their own limited love lives .
Both lead performances help give the film moments of eccentric charm , even if it 's pretentious as a whole .
The two principal characters ' interactions and extended conversations deftly blend comedy and poignancy .
If `` Waiting for Godot '' was about the eternal , existential paralysis of life , `` Avalanche '' is more hopeful , suggesting that we can move forward - one tiny yellow line at a time .
While the story may have weak legs , the relationship between Alvin and Lance is strong enough to make Prince Avalanche a lonely road worth traveling .
A solid return to form for David Gordon Green , and great stuff from Rudd and Hirsch . Also ... stellar soundtrack .
Prince Avalanche is a quiet study in awkward male bonding , as Alvin and Lance try to find common ground in their worldviews .
Its absurdist tact wo n't be for everybody , but there is satisfaction in the nuanced , often-pleasing performances from Rudd and Hirsch as they slowly reveal their characters to both the audience and each other . These two grow on you .
It 's an intimate two-hander with lots of dialogue , humour and poignant revelations , set against a backdrop of rugged woodland beauty .
It 's good to see Green getting back to what he does best .
The central tension in Prince Avalanche is one between solitude and community .
-LSB- A -RSB- gently existentialist buddy movie .
This is a soft-sell postcard to people reaching true understanding through the messy and inefficient process of everyday conversation . It 's a little bit funny , a little bit scary . And all very human .
David Gordon Green 's latest film has the amusing buoyancy of a lark but the existential depth of a head-scratcher . The film entertains , puzzles , and strays outside the lines .
It is an absurd and touching little film that has more heart than one would expect to find in such a slight body .
The performances and ghostly , melancholic atmosphere make it satisfying twist on the male buddy film .
David Gordon Green somehow brings together the poetic sensibility of his independent art movies and the humorous lowbrow non sequiturs of his studio comedies ; the results are one of a kind and often weirdly moving .
Strangely affecting ... a small-scaled film that offers an alternately funny and sad rumination on the fragility of human affairs .
It 's an actors ' showcase . But Green films it with real feeling and an eye for parts of the Lone Star State that , as we can see , are no longer .
`` Prince Avalanche '' is a molehill that dreams it 's a mountain when it 's really , really stoned .
The film 's full weight ultimately feels just out of reach , but for a small story about isolation , that mood is fitting .
Green takes this familiar story of accidental bromance and subtly inserts metaphors about loss and regeneration .
Mr. Green has managed to turn a story about two road workers doing road work into something compelling .
Prince Avalanche is n't quite the character study it seems to want to be . Green sometimes bobbles the tone and focus , lurching from deadpan comedy to self-indulgent navel-gazing to underplayed ghost story .
Deeper meaning rises sneakily to the surface in the offbeat , austere Prince Avalanche , writer-director David Gordon Green 's re-imagined , loose adaptation of a 2011 Icelandic film .
It 's the sort of film in which `` We 've got a lot of lines to paint , and it 's a very long road '' is clearly about more than it seems to be about .
Lean and observational , `` Prince Avalanche '' relies upon the performances from Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch to guide the way .
Do not expect action and thrills , `` Prince Avalanche '' is not that kind of film .
... the most bilious movie since Lars and the Real Girl .
With Prince Avalanche , Green has cleverly combined these two filmmaking styles . He has taken funny actors and given them a serious situation ; they work in a funny occupation in a serious setting .
Prince Avalanche is a remake of an Icelandic movie -LRB- Either Way -RRB- , but it 's pure David Gordon Green , from its absurdist humor to its quiet , haunted landscapes . -LRB- David Wingo 's delicate score enhances both the wit and the wonder . -RRB-
Quiet character drama has some drinking , sex talk .
Ultra-indie character study is somewhat of a shaggy dog story .
Technically , the film is a comedy/drama , but the overall vibe of Prince Avalanche is elegiac and reflective .
The movie barely seems to hold together . Could it even be called a movie ? And yet , it 's captivating - a bit like Gus Van Sant 's Gerry , but not as conceptually hidebound .
The minimalism is refreshing , and frequently very funny , with both main actors in fine , relaxed form .
Two good actors breathe life into a pair of flawed , mismatched , but utterly believable characters in David Gordon Green 's Prince Avalanche .
Not much happens in `` Prince Avalanche . '' Scratch that . Nothing happens in `` Prince Avalanche . '' But there is tension and interest in the weird contrasts it tries to achieve ...
Rudd , in particular , gives it everything he 's got , but he is vanquished by a story that feels both inconsequential and contrived .
An uneasy mix of Richard Linklater and Abbott and Costello , `` Prince Avalanche '' is an oddment , but one that brings some small , peculiar pleasures .
Gordon Green has given Rudd a real character to flex his acting chops with and layered in a haunting ghost story that provides the basis for his character 's reawakening .
A quiet , affecting meditation on the human inclination to flee difficulties , to escape into the woods and live free of pain and heartbreak .
The movie settles into a position of isolation and finds rich character notes to play , spun with that special Green idiosyncrasy that once defined his career before Hollywood came calling .
The film ultimately plays like an unfinished thought . It 's a good thought , mind you , but like the road , it seems to go nowhere .
If Laurel and Hardy , wearing matching baggy overalls and similarly dumbstruck expressions , had starred in a screen version of Waiting for Godot , the results would n't be far afield from Prince Avalanche .
Worth seeing for its offbeat character study .
`` Prince Avalanche '' is a work of eccentric but often profound beauty . That old Green magic , it seems , is back .
The movie feels like there was n't a script . Like Green just handed Rudd and Hirsche two pairs of overalls , a few bottles of grain alcohol and set the cameras rolling as they bromanced it out over a weekend in the woods .
Mr. Green is too fond of these guys , and too respectful of the little bit of freedom they possess , to ensnare them in the machinery of a plot .
This is ultimately an acting showcase gone awry , and you wind up feeling as agitated and bored as the main characters .
Plenty of absurd and deadpan humor , even slapstick , with a melancholy undertone . A minimalist tale of mismatched workers who paint lines on isolated Texas roads . Good performances , Paul Rudd is particularly impressive .
Did I just really pay good money to watch this ?
Director David Gordon Green emerges from the billowy cloud of ganja smoke that 's swallowed his career , breathing in the refreshing air of the Texas wilderness
PRINCE AVALANCHE feels uniquely like David Gordon Green and I for one am thankful for that .
The irony of Prince Avalanche is that its most conventional elements , the ones that would n't be out of place in a Hollywood buddy comedy , are by far its most satisfying .
A wonderfully eccentric examination of unlikely friendships that illuminates the absurd and lovely corners of life , Prince Avalanche is a deeply enjoyable , wondrous delight that you should give yourself over to when it eventually hits theaters .
Prince Avalanche is a film to get lost in , while also proving -LSB- David Gordon -RSB- Green is back on track .
It 's a schlubby , existential , black-box-theater character study , steeped in warm silences and anxious boys ' talk , sugared up with sublime shots of fire-ravaged forest and wild streams percolating with raindrops .
You 'll love the film when it 's being quiet ; alas , it begins a slow slide toward cutesy meeting of the minds , which , even in these capable actors ' hands , comes off like an indie cliché .
`` Prince Avalanche '' boasts a genial , freewheeling spirit that has its charms but is n't quite substantial enough to carry a whole feature .
A grand exercise in how much the viewer can read into a piece of stark , well-acted minimalism , and how much a very smart filmmaker can get away without saying .
While I 'm happy David Gordon Green is returning to his roots , Prince Avalanche is sometimes about as interesting as watching Alvin and Lance 's painted road lines dry .
Proof that even the weirdest and most irritating people are full of surprises and capable of change .
David Gordon Green 's lo-fi buddy flick about a couple of slacker road workers strikes a smart middle ground between his atmospheric early work and recent slapdash comedies .
The humour is ace and it has a strong emotional backbone that moves you from laughing at the characters to laughing with them . Subtle and beautiful execution .
What a lovely , lyrical wonder David Gordon Green 's Prince Avalanche is ... This is a triumph . We often reserve that word for grand spectacles and epic achievements . Little wonders can be triumphs too .
With his wry latest , David Gordon Green consolidates the bromantic interplay of Pineapple Express and Your Highness and the erstwhile elliptical lyricism of George Washington and All the Real Girls .
Prince Avalanche is about as low-key and subtle as contemporary filmmaking has to offer . Unfortunately , Green 's latest effort is also one of the more grating and sluggish films in recent memory .
It 's an impressively simple film that hits all the right notes between drama and humor .
David Gordon Green seems to have found a happy medium between the laid-back sincerity of his earlier work and the puerile stoner comedy he 's favored since ` Pineapple Express ' .
A kind of funny/kind of sad character study that asks questions about our relationships with others and our environment .
Prince Avalanche marks David Gordon Green 's triumphant return to compelling storytelling . Welcome Back , dude .
With ` Prince Avalanche ' David Gordon Green is able to marry his early , poetic voice with his dark humor .
Occupies a strange space between Green 's broadly comedic fare and devoutly character-driven dramas .
Strong acting by Rudd and Hirsch in this return to form for David Gordon Green . Lyrical , and often quite beautiful .
The performances disappoint .
Warmly enjoyable .
Perhaps Green 's chief accomplishment in this odd little gem of a movie is that he coaxes that mutual compassion out of the characters without having to put it into words .

@highlight

A step back in the right direction for director David Gordon Green , Prince Avalanche shambles amiably along with a pair of artfully low-key performances from Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch .