While remembering the worst environmental disaster in US history ... Deepwater Horizon does n't even offer the typical fun of action films , the typical suspense of a thriller nor the habitual emotional depth in human dramas . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Deepwater Horizon is pretty solid , with a cast that bridges three generations of moviegoers . Though disaster movies are all about the action and special effects , they still depend on actors to ` sell ' the disaster .
The effects of this disaster are still felt today , and Deepwater Horizon does an astonishing job at paying tribute to those that suffered because of greed
As an informative piece on the catastrophe at the Deepwater Horizon , the movie just does n't dig deep enough . But as a visually rich disaster movie , it passes the test .
Berg takes us on a harrowing ride that 's not only a fitting tribute to the intelligence and compassion of those heroes , but also a searing indictment .
In this film of the tragedy , the visual effects and underwater sequences are totally convincing , Wahlberg and Kurt Russell are terrific and John Malkovich is to be congratulated for bringing one of the story 's main villains so memorably to life .
What makes Deepwater Horizon more than just another dumb disaster movie is its astonishing failure to account for the scale of the actual disaster it 's based on .
Deepwater Horizon is the most visceral and realistic disaster recreation since James Cameron sank a fake Titanic .
It 's a huge disservice to history .
... takes the audience through a harrowing experience with top notch performances , thrilling moments and memorable visuals .
Despite solid craftsmanship and good intentions , Deepwater Horizon falters under the weight of the very real , very recent history it depicts .
-LSB- Deepwater -RSB- knows what it is : not a memorial or a political indictment , but merely a movie .
Deepwater Horizon is an overwhelming success , the best film of the year so far .
The heaviness of its first half permeates the arrival of the medullar part , but it manages to strengthen its criticism to the executives who caused the environmental disaster that it approaches . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Deepwater Horizon may seem like forgettable blockbuster fare but it is refreshing to see a mega budget movie with something more than just mindless explosions on its mind .
Filmmaker Peter Berg is a U.S patriot , his body of work increasingly seems fascinated with the examples of heroics that are drowned out by controversy .
Clumsy exposition aside , the dialogue feels authentic , tossing around the shorthand and lingo of the job , and the script is precise on the details without getting overwhelmed by them .
More action and thrills than most summer movies .
If you 've never seen movie explosions before , you 're in for a treat . Otherwise , you 've got lots of hard-to-follow , poorly lit , very loud chaos to look forward to .
Ultimately , Deepwater Horizon serves both as a testament to their heroic sacrifice and a critique of the corporate greed that led to the unconscionable real-life tragedy .
Before declining into standard uplifting moments of waving flags , prayer and action movie super-feats , Deepwater Horizon is a thrilling procedural about the worst oil rig disaster in history .
Peter Berg 's restaging of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico is spectacular and bracingly realistic .
If this sounds like standard disaster movie stuff , it is , but Berg keeps it brisk and crisp .
-LSB- Deepwater Horizon -RSB- puts viewers in the odd position of trying to enjoy a disaster movie while also thinking about the actual disaster and its immediate human toll .
It makes a great , glossy , gloopy song out of greed .
It all feels a bit empty , a tribute to some vague thing called `` oil rig workers '' rather than specific human beings with definite lives .
Deepwater Horizon is a solidly-crafted disaster film , with fine American actors performing a quintessential American story - a story of corporate greed and everyday heroism .
It 's the classical and straightforward approach , and it works , engages and entertains .
The director gives much better physical action than character 's development , that 's why the story wins many points when it comes to it in its last forty minutes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A classic ` survival ' that , thanks to Berg 's good planning , a mixture between the spectacular of Michael Bay and the hyperrealism of Michael Mann , becomes a roller coaster for the viewer . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
An interesting film that chooses to follow the `` simple '' way to tell us a story without falling into mistakes . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The film benefits from this attention to detail and refusal to follow prescribed dramatic flourishes .
An effective disaster movie ...
It must have been a dream project for the sound technicians . There are more explosions than a New Year 's Eve fireworks show .
Viewers will leave with a fine sense of how it felt to be on that blazing rig , but they 'll still have plenty of questions about how and why things went so wrong .
It provokes a sense of a revolution within yourself in exchange for liberating your own customary ideals of the standard `` based on a true story '' movie .
It is a taut , mostly engaging , and just slightly melodramatic -LRB- in a good way -RRB- `` you are there '' retelling of the events that took place on April 20 , 2010 .
Well meaning but paint-by-numbers disaster movie shortchanges the really interesting story behind the Deepwater Horizon oil spill disaster and its consequences .
America 's worst marine disaster is surprisingly watchable .
It 's the usual , rote `` meet the players '' tactic that movies in this vein incorporate to provide you with just the right touch of character details so that the coming destruction resonates as more than an effects reel .
When things start going haywire director Peter Berg unleashes a prolonged , meticulously orchestrated bonfire of such magnitude and veracity you need to remind yourself it 's a recreation and not the real thing .
A convincing and terrifying dramatisation of events in the Gulf of Mexico on April 20 , 2010 , from the point of view of the men and women who experienced it .
While this disaster movie does n't do that great a job at explaining exactly what went wrong , it does succeed in putting the audience in the middle of the action with effective point-of-view cinematography by Enrique Chediak .
Deepwater Horizon , saddled with a collection of one-dimensional mouthpieces , proves unable to generate the thrills one might 've anticipated in its action-heavy second half ...
'' ` Deepwater ' certainly is not awful , but you ca n't get more mainstream -- or predictable -- than this Peter Berg telling of what caused the big rig explosion behind the largest oil spill in U.S. history .
An earnest tribute to the men who lost their lives and a solid rebuke to those who were responsible .
It 's a fine reminder that the impossible disaster is only impossible until it happens , and when it does it inverts the world we think we control .
Peter Berg 's film of the disaster -- teaming up again with his Lone Survivor leading man Mark Wahlberg -- is a more than solid and exceptionally technically proficient tour-de-force of fact-based film-making .
Yes , there is much more that can be said about the catastrophe than this movie does . But the great disaster that was Deepwater Horizon now has a great disaster movie to go with it .
There 's no denying seeing the rig explode and burn is thrilling . The human-level drama is a bit less impressive .
The directing and editing gives us no sense of the space . It 's never clear where characters are in relation to each other and , often , in relation to the action .
It 's fine . It 's good and fine . It is good and fine and decent and completely , in all ways , an acceptable movie .
Instead of telling us something that we already know , Berg shows us something that we 've never seen .
Is n't a life changer , but it 's an effective true-life thriller with an authentic weightiness to what 's on screen .
Admittedly , the heroics are overblown but there 's a devastating clarity in the way the script defines the causes of the disaster .
Disaster done right can be entertaining , and Deepwater is a solid example .
We got the outline of something superb when what we needed was a full picture .
The right balance is struck between lasting information and disposable thrills .
Deepwater Horizon is that rare disaster blockbuster that is thrilling without sacrificing story or character .
-LSB- Peter Berg -RSB- has turned catastrophe into a state-of-the-art theme park ride , forgoing tact for giant , whooshing thrills - and the results are undeniably impressive .
That anger , sadness and frustration felt throughout Deepwater Horizon is matched by excellent craft and skill in re-enacting this man-made disaster with an immersive , absorbing pull .
The most positive general attribute about Deepwater Horizon is the authenticity of its action .
Thrillingly immersive and effectively engaging .
Competently made -- noisy and intense -- but not a pretty picture .
It 's impossible not to resent the puniness of this picture 's concerns , ignoring the historic environmental catastrophe in favor of fictionalized feats of derring-do by an underwear-model-turned-hamburger-franchise-mogul .
A successful disaster movie about the tragic events of April 2010 where Wahlberg is amazing . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The results are , for the most part , refreshingly sophisticated for a kaboom-heavy actioner starring Mark Wahlberg .
... stylish and evocative , telling the story with a conventional structure but a palpable sense of urgency .
... a brawny hybrid of technical expertise and real-life tragedy , with neither quality getting shortchanged ... That 2010 oil spill was horrible ; Deepwater Horizon wants us to also remember the blood spill .
In short , Peter Berg has done it again . You come out shaken with excitement , but with a touch of shame , too , at being so easily thrilled .
Deepwater Horizon makes full use of the disaster film formula and its exciting sequences will effectively please the average moviegoer . The bravery of the crew unleashes a tender quality that latches onto every sympathetic fiber in your body .
Despite the fact that much of the dialogue is indecipherable and it is hard to know exactly what is happening for much of the time , the sheer power and scale of one of the world 's largest man made disasters takes your breath away
Deepwater Horizon is a sensitive , serious yet bloody exciting blockbuster which feels real and important .
What 's most impressive is the fact that the screenplay refuses to talk down to the audience .
My only serious complaint about Deepwater Horizon is that it 's not quite the muckraker I 'd hoped for .
Pipes judder , valves strain and needles tip alarmingly into the red ... Yet when calamity strikes it 's not just oil , mud and seawater that comes gushing forth but the viewers ' anger and indignation as well .
There 's something undeniably alluring about what Berg has cobbled together from a scattershot script that foregoes subtext in favor of kick-ass special effects that put you smack in the middle of an exploding ball of fire .
Superior no-nonsense disaster film on the true story of the worst ecological incident in American history .
Non-Stop Gripping True Story
A solid an convincing fictional portrait of the 2010 's tragic event where a big explosion caused the largest oil spill in the history of the United States . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
This is another of Malkovich 's enjoyably Mephistophelian performances .
So most of the action is genuinely thrilling . But it 's sometimes impossible to work out what 's happening to whom in the usual shaky-cam aesthetic .
Berg 's film offers something of a corrective portrayal of corporate greed trumping regard for human life , with a massive Hollywood set functioning as his soda can .
The manipulations may be mechanical , the execution predictable and the performances solid , but the horror of the incident just about cuts through . Is `` just about '' a good enough tribute to those who died ? Absolutely not .
Deepwater Horizon effectively turns the real-world disaster into an action/drama that 's more disturbing than thrilling to watch .
Despite Berg 's best efforts , the movie ca n't overcome its formulaic ordinariness .
The film depicts the worst oil spill in American history and director Peter Berg recreates the cataclysm of that day with unbearable tension and healing compassion .
Berg and company do a stellar job showcasing the impact the events have on those who were on board the rig and their loved ones . The scope still feels too narrow , but it remains emotional and unsettling .
You ca n't help marveling at the tightrope the filmmakers walk : honoring their courage and sacrifice while making an action flick entertaining enough to justify the more than $ 100 million it took to make it come alive on-screen .
Ultimately , Deepwater Horizon , as terrific as Wahlberg , Russell and Rodriguez all might be , is more a technical marvel than it is anything else .
Works extremely well as both a nail-biting recreation of a horrific accident and as a celebration of the American worker .
Most viewers will be completely engaged from start to finish , particularly once the mayhem , action , and survival attempt sequences kick in . -LRB- Full Content Review for Parents - Violence , Sexual Content , Profanity , etc. - also Available -RRB-
A first class , corporation-shaming disaster movie for our hard-pressed times .
Berg 's cornier tendencies win out at the very end of the film , slightly marring what is otherwise a crisp , admirably unadorned movie . Despite those bobbles , though , Deepwater Horizon immediately enters the canon of great disaster films .
At its best , the movie is like The Towering Inferno but without all the sudsy subplots that doused that film 's fires .
The sense of dread is stomach-churning and when the well testing turns into full-blown terror Berg is relentless .
` Deepwater Horizon ' is more than a disaster movie : It 's a story of white-collar corporate arrogance and greed vs. blue-collar common sense and work ethic .
While not nearly as unforgettable as the events on which it 's based , Deepwater Horizon works well enough as a spectacle and tribute to the fallen .
Deep subject . Shallow movie and such a waste of great action movie actors .
Old guys rule - for better and for worse - in Deepwater Horizon
Thrilling tale of heroism during deadly oil rig explosion .
... a real eye-opener ... A + for verisimilitude ... What happens when the rig blows out is astonishing to behold ... top flight performances but Malkovich steals every scene he 's in . I was n't expecting much , but came away enormously impressed .
Berg and Wahlberg were among the first to realize you can make big money in Hollywood 's fastest-growing niche : the docbuster , which spins a recent disaster into a bombastic action flick
The film sketches in these characters just enough to hold the story together . What really interests Berg is exploring how the disaster happened ... and how those 126 people responded ...
The excitement generated by each crash is perhaps just a tad unholy .
The action scenes are intense and stunningly realistic , and the story remains relevant six years after the events portrayed onscreen .
As true story-based , blue collar heroes vs. sniveling bureaucrats stories go , one of the better ones . -LRB- Splice Today -RRB-
Do n't be surprised if its probing breaches your tear ducts .
The BP villains twist their long , black mustaches , while the real heroes on the oil rig get the homage they deserve .
Deepwater Horizon is powerful but limited-but there are worse crimes .
All about action and organic emotion .
Berg was the perfect man to unravel the tale of the doomed oil rig , a feat he accomplishes with remarkable intensity , ratcheting up the tension carefully and steadily to create a gripping tick-tock thriller .
`` Deepwater Horizon '' makes its intentions clear and does its job , just like the workers aboard that rig .
Entertaining as hell without diminishing the real people involved in the disaster . Brilliant stuff .
It 's a genuinely exhilarating and at times moving film . Whether it should have been made is another matter .
-LSB- Peter -RSB- Berg has developed into one of our more impressive big-budget directors , tackling sometimes-somber subject matter with delicacy and without letting things get morose .
Both a stirring memorial and a cautionary tale on the grandest of scales .
Berg succeeds in balancing Deepwater Horizon 's unnervingly believable special effects with the human element : when the rig first erupts in flames , it 's as if some grim beast were gnashing at it with fiery teeth .
Berg 's film works because it excludes anything that is not immediately involved in the actual explosion , including the full range of its causes or its long-term consequences .
Berg - with major assists from his camera and special effects crew - demonstrates once again that he knows his way around an action scene . He can tell a big story and sell a lot of popcorn .
Judged strictly as a big-budget action film , we 've seen it all before in dozens of other movies , and it 's boring and uninvolving .
It 's certainly worthwhile to tell the story of these people , but you ca n't help but feel that there 's something missing from the narrative . Because there is .
The story is not merely the usual business of courageous men escaping a towering inferno , but also of the battle between corporate greed and blue-collar -LSB- workers -RSB- .
Wahlberg and Russell are solid in their roles , well complemented by the versatile Malkovich , and fans will enjoy seeing Leland in action after his previous work in Berg films .
The great achievement of Deepwater Horizon is its ability to score as a thriller and tale of character and perseverance as well as a historical plumbing into the negligence and avarice of corporate bagmen .
An awkward attempt at retrofitting an actual tragedy onto the standard Hollywood disaster movie template .
Peter Berg directs the calamitous spectacle in mesmerizing style . The movie delivers a spellbinding , heart-rending story about the human cost of the catastrophe .
Berg has an exceptional clarity in conveying a three-dimensional space on screen and balancing the urgency of the action with genuine emotion .
A claustrophobic thriller full of action . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
A tense buildup and a frenetically-paced final act combine for a fitting tribute to those who perished and the survivors of the disastrous oil rig explosion and resulting spill .
More about harsh and extreme adventure than a lesson of political correctness . -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Thrilling and disturbing in equal measure , this pumps as much adrenaline as it does oil .
A solid cast in an old-fashioned disaster movie .
In his best film since 2004 's Texas sports drama Friday Night Lights , Peter Berg aces the crucial task of ensuring there 's actual weight to these lives .
A common disaster movie , with cardboard heroes and villains and an excess of Irwin Allen spectacle . Any sense of outrage goes up in smoke .
Wahlberg does n't act , he just projects himself , and his naturalness makes a cool counterpoint to Russell 's glowering integrity and Malkovich 's lip-pursing villainy . It 's nail-biting stuff .
These characters are so authentic that they seem to have oil running through their veins , mingling with blood and making for a strong bond .
Berg mounts the action with energy and a precise eye for industrial details , but the matter of who 's responsible for the disaster is given short shrift .
It 's ultimately a genre film with all that implies , meaning omissions , simplifications , conventional heroics , dramatic banalities and , given the narrative 's limited scope , little sense of the event 's complex causes or its environmental cost .
The film 's technique is n't , or should n't be , at issue . It 's the substance surrounding the tension that lessens Deepwater Horizon 's impact as a narrative .
Deepwater Horizon does very little that is new or improved when compared to past movies about real-life disasters . But it goes through the motions with such certainty and skill that it 's hard to fault the film for being what it is , and doing it well .
It sticks so faithfully to the conventions of the genre -- earthy blue-collar hero -LRB- Mark Wahlberg -RRB- , worried wife fretting at home -LRB- Kate Hudson -RRB- , negligent company man -LRB- John Malkovich -RRB- -- that familiarity overrides suspense and outrage .
Deepwater Horizon may be the first full-fledged disaster movie ever based on a true story . However , you ca n't really argue with their results .
Deepwater Horizon succeeds as a point-by-point autopsy of the corporate greed and technological weaknesses that led to disaster .
Deepwater Horizon achieves that impossible balance of being a tribute to the workers who both perished and survived that day and a searing critique of the rotten system that put them there in the first place .
A deservedly grueling experience - but a highly recommended one too .
The action , unmoored by any concrete sense of the station 's architecture , grows increasingly incoherent .
This year 's ultimate guilty pleasure at the movies .
Deepwater Horizon means well . It 's both an attempt to explain the root cause of one of the world 's worst man-made disasters and salute the heroism that took place on that fateful day . Unfortunately , though , it muddies the waters on both counts .
Smartly written , perfectly acted , and genuinely heart-stopping throughout , it 's a compelling dystopian vision of corporate greed rendered as a spectacular special effects action-adventure .
Berg 's relaxed handling of small talk among the crew members makes the set-up a delight to watch , while the ensuing disasters are convincing enough to give multiplex armrests a gripping workout .
This is one of those blockbusters where authenticity propels the action .
A gripping account of a terrifying real-life disaster , heightened by strong performances , solid direction and a commitment to realism .
-LSB- It 's -RSB- a valuable reconstruction of the events leading up to the oil-rig disaster that led to countless losses in human and marine life . The trouble is , that 's all it is , and it feels less like a necessary narrowing of scope than a failure of imagination .
... a by the numbers account of the incident which highlights fiery , explosive destruction over the eleven crew members lost that day ... The film 's best asset is its villain , Malkovich relishing his Cajun chicanery .
Peter Berg 's disaster film about a real tragedy aims only to entertain , and succeeds . Larger lessons , however , are in short supply .
`` Deepwater Horizon '' is a tribute to heroism and a warning against corporate greed .
Deepwater Horizon is too incoherent to be gripping and does n't acknowledge that the Deepwater tragedy not only gave rise to courage under oil and fire , but illustrated a primal truth : You mess with nature , nature messes back .
Fueled by empathetic performances and by ... well , fuel , `` Deepwater Horizon '' is an interesting hybrid : a disaster movie with heart .
Purely and simply a great action movie .
`` Deepwater Horizon '' is an homage to strength and get-on-with-it competence , a stirring portrait of brawn and know-how that are continually undermined by the preening ambitions of clueless elites .
Frenetic does not even begin to describe the film 's fiery confusion .
What works almost disturbingly well is the way Berg calibrates his delivery of the disaster while still holding on to the human scale of it .
The script gleams with efficiency . For all the winsomeness of the Williams family , yanked heartstrings are rare , the plain fact of 126 people on a fireball-in-waiting allowed to exert its own power .
It works just fine as a dramatic reenactment of corporate greed gone horribly wrong , but unlike the real-life incident , it will quickly be forgotten .
It 's often easy to zone out early , but let the weight of the math behind the numbers hit you relative to the lives lost - danger , devastation and death due to worry about a one-millionth profit percentage . That , and the second act 's fury , floors you .
Berg actually manages to smother his battering-ram storytelling skills for a change , keeping `` Deepwater Horizon '' lean and meaningful , though his predilection towards cartoon filmmaking is n't completely abandoned .
The anger and grief you feel leaving the theater constitute a kind of catharsis , a modest symbolic compensation for the failure of justice in the real world .
Berg sticks to the job at hand , imagining what it is was like to be there , and to be the victim of sloppy , deadly safety practices in the name of a good day on Wall Street .
It 'll take decades for the 210 million gallons of oil spilled by the Deepwater Horizon to be absorbed back into the environment . It only took Hollywood six years to rework disaster into entertainment .
The film 's well-paced and well-acted , and I could n't take my eyes off it most of the way . I faltered as projectile followed projectile and explosion topped explosion , yet even then the excitement held up .
A poor man 's Towering Inferno , despite the hefty $ 156 million budget .
Both a sobering memorial to the fallen and a harrowing chronicle of survival , anchored by Mark Wahlberg 's performance as a blue-collar hero thrust into the jaws of a horrifying man-made catastrophe .
The picture 's pyrotechnics are first rate , and the acting by the principals is more than serviceable .
In the hands of director Berg , who specializes in quick-cut , adrenaline-pumping action , it 's a well-made , sometimes horrifyingly realistic re-creation of events -- but it often feels like a formulaic disaster film .
All that sound and fury signify only more sound and fury .
The subsequent events are as terrible , and terribly exciting , as you could want in a disaster story .
Berg pushes the action to breakneck speed to cover for a lot of dramatic deficits and a more detailed exploration of why the Deepwater Horizon disaster occurred , not just physically how it happened .
Berg airlifts the audience into the chaotic micro-culture of offshore oil drilling ... awash in the jargon and joshing of roughnecks , engineers and BP company men jostling for the bottom line .
Not long on subtlety , in either narrative or visual terms , but it certainly works as a remarkably realistic , viscerally exciting recreation of a tragedy whose impact is still being felt .
The main characters are well established and director Peter Berg does a good job building tension toward the historically inevitable cataclysm that kills 11 people and wrecks the drilling platform .
Berg 's whole strategy may have been to throw us deep into the action , but the irony is , he ends up creating distance . He keeps us on the outside .
Evoking war is an effective tactic for Deepwater Horizon , which is more interested in reminding audiences about a recent disaster that dropped out of national headlines years ago than it is in indulging anyone 's love of disaster porn .
Noisy and tense-though familiar and unimaginative ...
A satisfying action spectacle and an emotional tribute to the 11 men who died aboard the Horizon when the Macondo well exploded on April 20 , 2010 .
A harrowing tale of survival topped off by justice being duly served . What more could you ask for from an action-oriented morality play ?
Peter Berg 's rugged version of the worst environmental disaster in American history is very effective . So why did I feel so guilty enjoying it ?
... so entranced by individual bravery it mostly forgets about corporate villainy .
While the framework is very much like old school disaster thrillers , Berg and star Mark Wahlberg bring a surprising amount of humanity that emerges through the chaos .
Peter Berg directs the action onboard the fiery rig with a tense urgency . After all , these workers ca n't just run out of a building into fresh air or pull over on the side of the road .
Hammer -LSB- s -RSB- home what the news media did n't much convey in 2010 : the human-level horror of being on the rig and the sheer scope of the unnaturalness of the enterprise .
It 's hard not to feel the gritty rescue scenes , be mesmerized by the flammable carnage or get belatedly enraged by the idiocy of oil-company bureaucracy .
A commercial-minded disaster movie more so than a hard-hitting dive into the politics and repercussions of its centerpiece ordeal , but on those terms it certainly grabs and holds one 's attention for the slick duration .
A slick , pressure-filled disaster movie .
As an effects-driven disaster movie starring two totems of testosterone - Mark Wahlberg and Kurt Russell - and directed by Peter Berg -LRB- Lone Survivor , Friday Night Lights -RRB- , Deepwater Horizon is alarmingly effective .
The 2010 BP oil disaster receives stirring , pyrotechnic if somewhat un-nuanced treatment in Peter Berg 's latest , which replays one of the worst environmental catastrophes of recent years as a straightforward salute to courage under fire .
This adrenalized account of the 2010 oilrig explosion works best as an effects-laden disaster pic , less well as human drama .
The director Peter Berg does not make subtle films , and if his latest is a blunt weapon , it 's one that 's meant to make us fiery with anger .
A masterful , muscular actioner , one with an understanding of human stakes that puts most studio tentpoles to shame .
Director Peter Berg makes this film personal enough to get the audience totally aboard . Mark Wahlberg and Kate Hudson lead an almost picture perfect cast .
A story both exhilarating and interesting , well told with stunning visuals and good performances .
Peter Berg has a serious case of hero worship . Luckily `` Deepwater Horizon '' provides some heroes worthy of it .
Immensely intense and suspenseful . Disaster filmmaking at its most gripping , yet there is nothing in the least bit exploitive or sensationalized about it .
Berg strikes an unlikely but impressively delicate balance in a film that honors the victims of the disaster while also functioning as a brisk and absorbing disaster drama .
Accusations of tastelessness have some justification - if your priority is to respect the dead , why hire the director of ` Battleship ' ?
This is n't a rollercoaster , it 's more like an assault . Berg 's so unflinching with his direction , refusing to let go from the melting destruction and glass-riddled body horror , that it 's impossible to dig into the popcorn with wild eyes and baited breath .
Berg reminds us that even in the worst disaster , people can be selfless , heroic and professional even if those who gamble with their fates are not .
Not only are the visual effects spectacular , Berg truly captures the mounting horror of being engulfed in a disaster like that .
Deepwater Horizon is the most entertaining Hollywood disaster movie in years . I 'm sorry - is that a terrible thing to say ?
Director Peter Berg captures hell with technical precision in Deepwater Horizon , reminding us of the heavy price paid in blood and tears .
Suspenseful ` disaster ' story - with edge-of-your-seat suspense .
Has the power to make audiences think and potentially change safety in industry for the better .
The film should have been a cautionary tale , but in Peter Berg 's hands , it 's a hollow account of the resilience of the human spirit .
Deepwater Horizon lacks the fun found in big dumb action movies , the suspense found in thrillers , and the emotional heft found in dramas ; it just floats in a humdrum middle ground .
There 's no question that Deepwater Horizon delivers thrills , but you may feel awfully empty afterward .
Berg dramatises the tragedy in a way that is overtly cinematic , and yet rarely contrived , as the filmmaker 's most accomplished production for a good long while .
The end result may never dig too deep or address the bigger issues , but Deepwater Horizon is still a solid , often surprisingly restrained nailbiter of a disaster movie .
Berg ca n't help a few of these diversions , but on the whole attention remains on the disaster .
Few disaster movies point the finger at a corporation as directly as this . Reel in horror . Then blame BP .
An efficient and no-nonsense depiction of the worst disaster in US oil drilling history , buoyed by excellent performances .
Deepwater Horizon reminds us just how talented an action director Berg is and how often substance becomes a second thought for the director .
I did n't think we needed a movie about this subject . I 've changed my mind . And , if nothing else , I hope it gets people angry again , because the people who did this to our planet , and killed 11 people in the process , got off too easy .
Deepwater Horizon is a viciously intense disaster film engulfed by the flames of greed and hubris .
There may have been the temptation to give the story a Hollywood sheen , but Berg has found a way to get blockbuster effects while sacrificing none of the realism .
Berg clearly wants to show the human cost of the disaster , but he 's also really excited about blowing s -- up on a grand scale . It 's a conflict Deepwater Horizon never really reconciles .
An incredibly compelling white-knuckle thriller .
What happened on the Deepwater was horrific and preventable . And , for the most part , Berg has done the survivors and the families of the lost ones proud with an entertaining movie that sort of brings history alive .
All that counts here is that the film serve up a realistic , non-phony-looking , action-packed rendition of the worst oil spill in American history , and that it certainly does .
Nail-bitingly tense , even if it 's frustratingly superficial .
For a movie in which you ca n't follow what 's going on for 75 % of the time , `` Deepwater Horizon '' proves remarkably thrilling ...
Everything here feels routine-more like an inevitability than a work of art or even a piece of entertainment .
Nothing in what appears during the movie 's 107-minute running time seems to truly honor those whose lives were irreversibly altered during this national tragedy .
Peter Berg 's masterful disaster flick will shake you up with its accuracy .
Deepwater Horizon is a gruelling disaster movie and a reminder of one company 's catastrophic oversights , and it stands as a worthy tribute to the brave men involved .


@highlight

Deepwater Horizon makes effective use of its titular man-made disaster to deliver an uncommonly serious -- yet still suitably gripping -- action thriller .