It falls into the category of what typically has become known as `` Blaxploitation '' films , but gave such films of the similar genre -LRB- for instance Coffy -RRB- a bad name .
Funny in ways that are as complex as the most challenging art film .
As the titular ex-CIA man , White reveals comic talents to match his martial artistry , delivering one-liners and roundhouse kicks with the same killer precision .
Outta sight !
A brilliant laugh-out-loud slapstick crowd pleaser made with love and talent .
Fond and very funny homage to the exploitation era .
Hilarious , and at just 85 minutes long , never outstays its welcome .
The portentous dialogue , two-track-recorded soundtrack -LRB- by Adrian Younge -RRB- and eager performances are all highly diverting .
A pin-sharp send-up of 1970s blaxploitation .
It works as well as it does largely because it displays such a genuine affection for the genre it pays tribute to .
An enjoyable , frequently hilarious action comedy with a witty script and a terrific performance from Michael Jai White ...
Once you catch on to the string of in-jokes , the movie never stops making you laugh ...
Such a bland and lifeless experience even the most ardent of Scott Sanders or Michael Jai White fans will do well to not grow bored before the end .
If the Man has got you down and your VHS copies of ` Shaft , ' ` Superfly , ' ` Dolemite ' and ` I 'm Gon na Git You Sucka ' are all worn out , ` Black Dynamite ' is here to save the day .
... a dead-on parody of the sloppy filmmaking , aggressive overacting and slapdash writing of the cheapest films of the genre .
Truly the funniest movie of 2009 . Yeah , bust-a-gut hilarious . Paul Chambers , CNN .
Here , the acting , framing , focus , blocking , editing , sound and film processing all nail down the period so perfectly ... It looks , sounds and feels as if it were shot in 1972 .
Black Dynamite will stir some pleasant memories .
If the joke is somewhat one-note and eventually told too long and too often , at least it 's a good joke .
Before an hour has passed tedium overtakes Black Dynamite -- one corny martial-arts sequence turns out to be plenty -- and all the good jokes dry up .
As Dynamite kung-fu-fights his way through a vast conspiracy involving smack-addled orphans , malt liquor , and the best -LRB- read : worst -RRB- exploding-car scene of 2009 , you 'll feel a rush of '70s nostalgia you never knew you had .
Black Dynamite gets the details right , but so what ? The result is like watching rightly vilified movies such as Epic Movie , Date Movie , or Meet The Spartans , but without as many scenes of characters being kicked in the balls .
A feisty , gleefully harebrained spoof of all things Shaft and Superfly , Dynamite is a jubilant ode to the firm cinematic pimp hand , which , in this picture , smacks bad guys around and tickles the audience with the same devotion .
This is one of the cleverest , most consistently funny spoof movies since Airplane !
Even though it sounds funnier than it plays , between the song and the nun chucks , I was happy .
The full-on embrace of the stupidity , the charm and the admirably empowering qualities of blaxploitation sets Black Dynamite apart . But , above all , it 's very funny .
The climax is so outrageous I ca n't believe it . The ending outdoes Inglourious Basterds because it 's not even about making a statement . It 's just about being crazy , which is what awesome movies should be .
But even with that being the case I did enjoy myself while watching it , the good outweighing the bad just enough I 'm willing to cut this ghetto kung-fu crime fighter some slack .
The details are perfect , from the particle-board sets to the porn-ready score . -LRB- And dig those polyester suits . -RRB- But just like the movies it parodies , this one feels over long before it 's actually done .
An enjoyable celebratory ode to a fiercely entertaining counterculture-inspired genre .
Can Black Dynamite fend off the Man and the mob and the phalanx of wah-wah guitars arrayed against him and fight his way to the Honky House to mete out kung-fu justice ? Most likely !
As a five-minute clip on YouTube , this spoof might be a small masterpiece . As a feature film , it 's both too much and not nearly enough .
Even if you 've never seen a black exploitation film you will be thoroughly entertained by ` DY-NO-MITE ! DY-NO-MITE ! '
A cheerfully affectionate if fit fully amusing spoof of '70s blaxpoitation movies , Scott Sanders ' Black Dynamite painstakingly nails the cheesy look , music and martial arts moves of the originals .
If there 's a night at the movies more fun than this deadpan blaxploitation flick , it 's probably boosted by something bought in a dark alley .
See this one with a crowd , and remember Black Dynamite 's immortal words : `` Doughnuts do n't wear alligator shoes . ''
Sanders delights in the amateurishness of blaxploitation , from clunky exposition to shootouts that violate all rules of continuity and perspective to a visible boom mic , which spends so much time onscreen that it practically deserves its own credit .
blaxploitation equivalent of the B-movies Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino cooked up for Grindhouse .
Do n't blame The Man , blame the overdose of irony .
Beneath the good-natured retro silliness of Black Dynamite is something smart and new .
I am happy to say it brings back an element sadly missing in recent movies , gratuitous nudity .
As the theme song declares , this cat is dy-no-mite !
Black Dynamite blends satire , nostalgia , and cinema deconstruction into a one-of-a-kind comedy high .
Nothing in Black Dynamite captures the exhilarating absurdity of Pam Grier hiding razors in her Afro in Coffy -- or the loony genre experimentation in Pootie Tang .
A terrific satire of seventies blaxploitation classics
If you do n't ask Black Dynamite to be anything deeper an an entertaining retro diversion , you 're apt to feel richly rewarded . Can you dig it , you jive-ass sucker ?
This may be the all-time best party film next to `` Animal House . '' If this movie does n't make you laugh , call a doctor .
If you revel just a tiny bit in the ` blaxploitation ' genre , then Black Dynamite is a sweet stew of shut-yo ' - mouth that 'll keep you loaded with glee for its apt 90 minutes .
Black Dynamite scores brownie points for its brilliant , spot-on recreation of grindhouse-era ambiance .
Black Dynamite is back and The Man better look out or die laughing .
a muscular , mustachioed , lethally suave motharf * cka , armed with nunchuks , kung-fu kicks , and a roaring .44 Magnum , has come to rescue jive turkey movie auds from spoof-film purgatory
Generally humorless and pointless , devoid as the film is of any commentary on the genre to which it 's paying loving tribute .
Unless you 're seeing Black Dynamite with a slap-happy midnight movie crowd , the film 's energy saps about halfway through and leaves you glumly anticipating the next obvious plot point .
One of those eminently quotable comedies that frat guys and movie geeks will come back to time and again .
Director Scott Sanders and his co-writers Michael Jai White and Byron Minns unrelentingly lampoon all manner of ghetto life clichés and cultural sacred cows .
This movie will make you say `` Oooooooooo ! ''
This film will delight both discriminating fans of the blaxploitation tradition and ordinary lovers of goofy , in-ya-face thrills .
You 'll either love it and think it 's hilarious , comedic brilliance or you wo n't get it at all . I know which side I 'm on cats . Black Dynamite 's !






@highlight

A loving and meticulous send-up of 1970s blaxsploitation movies , Black Dynamite is funny enough for the frat house and clever enough for film buffs .