Rick Alverson 's breakthrough film about a bitter , aging stand-up comedian who is a character that Nathaniel West might have conceived .
It sparks interesting discussion on what actually is funny , what should be considered funny , who to respect as far as comedians go
Though often slowly paced , Entertainment reveals itself as a remarkably dense , if not difficult film that rewards patience and a willingness to step into the anti-social mind .
Entertainment is a fully realised and extremely accomplished translation of Gregg Turkington 's Neil Hamburger character to the big screen .
Alverson continues to zero in on the most brutal tendencies of contemporary comedy .
It 's difficult to give Alverson and his star too much credit for depth , insight or having a point . Because I 'm not certain they have one .
This is one of those in-your-face , angry , confrontational movies . It was n't just a chore to sit through , it was more like a homework assignment given to you by a teacher who hates your guts .
A weird road flick about a weirdo stand-up comic with a weird repertoire .
An unsparing road trip through the barrenness of American pop culture and , by extension , the human soul .
The Frankenstein-esque final scenes of Entertainment make it painfully clear : As much as we want to read them as social critique , Rick Alverson makes monster movies .
Conjures an elegant portrait of a nation lost in a surrealist slipstream , drawing on the iconography of its past and the shell of its present . It 's one of the best American movies of the year .
There 's a chic emptiness to `` Entertainment , '' undoubtedly , and anti-comedy constructs that may rub the wrong way , but there 's also a spiky intelligence at work too , one that engages through the artifice of disengagement and the illusion of `` performance . ''
It is not fun , but its confrontational style yields dividends .
A daring and mainly successful black comedy about a dour and depressive comedian on a dead-end tour of California .
It 's the closest emulation of a waking nightmare in an American movie in a very long time . The anxiety is generalized , but it 's also as specific as Hell .
A Greek tragedy told through the vessel of a small-time comedian , Entertainment is a bleak look into a broken man swallowed-up by second-rate showbusiness .
Gregg Turkington delivers a spot-on performance as a down-in-the-dumps comic in this gloomy offering . Too bad the film left me me in a deep funk too .
The Comedian is an ugly man with an ugly soul , and an ugly sense of comedy that at one point literally includes making fart noises for 90 full seconds as he pretends to gun down his silent audience with a soccer trophy .
Like Hamburger 's meta-hacky comedy routine , the film confronts and challenges in order to produce something increasingly rare in American cinema : an active , engaged experience .
Weirdly compelling if student-y and unfocused ...
Get with the extreme deadpan tone and long takes , though , and the film feels as brave as it is potentially exasperating .
I left this barbed portrait of a cracking-up comic with more than a little respect for its fearless director , Rick Alverson , and his trusting star , Gregg Turkington . You ca n't deny that they 're a match made in heaven .
Entertainment offers some genuine insight into its subject matter . Coupled with an astonishing central performance , it is a work that continually fascinates .
It 's a downward spiral that 's painful to watch , more pathetic than funny .
Entertainment is n't an easy film to endure , but it is enchantingly noxious . We ca n't look away .
It 's a portrait of the comedy tour as odyssey of madness , a plummet into the abyss .
Equally successful as a cult comedy and a non-lethal crowd dispersal weapon .
Unlike The Comedy , which was grounded in a recognizable reality , Entertainment is a more surreal and alien construction , its disintegrating hero shambling through awkward encounters on an endless tour of bars and diners .
It is devastating , and beautiful : a sad indictment of a society filled with alienated individuals trying and failing to connect with each other ; and a very pure audio-visual cinematic experience that asks to be felt rather than intellectualised .
We 're asked to see Hamburger/The Comedian as a true , uncompromising artist , who not only wo n't sell out but wo n't budge from what he sees as his shtick .
-LSB- Gregg Turkington gives -RSB- a magnetic lead turn that , like the rest of the provocative action , is designed to repulse .
The misanthropic comedy , which is mostly a turn-off , might best be appreciated by a cult audience that thrives on originality to counter its familiar trope .
You know the way you can walk out after even a thoughtful , accomplished drama - and then never think of it again ? Entertainment will stain you , grub you up , maybe ruin your week .
Entertainment completely owns the mundane , and gives it a new name .
-LSB- Entertainment -RSB- offers a fascinating look at the tension between personal aspirations and the harsh realities holding them back .
The film is both jagged and suave , like an orchestrated concept album by a garage band .
Entertainment this is not . Strictly for a cult audience .
Turkington 's frozen mask of disgust and detachment somehow manages to suggest someone just before and just after being punched .
Entertainment is like having your nose rubbed in profound human despair almost two hours . And I liked it .
Despite its apparently sincere identification with its protagonist , Entertainment feels like a sick joke .
Probably the most ironic title of a movie since Adam Sandler starred in Funny People .
It 's what new films ought to strive for : to strike back against the familiar .
It conjures a menacing perspective on how the titular occupation hulls out empathy and cultivates a particularly unsettling strain of cynicism .
The challenging experience that is Alverson 's latest film , Entertainment , makes The Comedy feel like a walk in the park .
Rick Alverson 's Entertainment will be admired by just as many people as it will be despised .
A confronting and challenging analysis of what entertainment actually means , and what we expect from our performers .
Unwilling to bend in the slightest , `` Entertainment , '' which features a gloriously angelic ending , plays out like the harsh and cruel joke of life .
Alverson 's fourth feature is singular stuff , and it reconfirms the director as one of the truly bold voices in the all-too-homogenous U.S. indie film scene .
As a vehicle for Turkington , Entertainment is quite strong .

@highlight

As brilliantly and uncomfortably confrontational as its protagonist , Entertainment is a boundary-blurring exercise in cinematic misanthropy that more than lives up to its title .