All the actors are excellent in their portrayals of their characters .
Each actor , including Wesley Snipes as a fresh-out-of-jail ex-con , gives one of their grittiest performances in this gripping cop drama reminiscent of 2006 's The Departed and 1991 's New Jack City .
Throughout his career , -LSB- Hawke 's -RSB- broody emotionality has never read as phony so much as sincerely self-aggrandizing . Here , it connects with nothing , reminding us in turn that the film does not connect with its audience .
A messy derivative downbeat cop movie about the mean streets of Brooklyn .
Fuqua once again proves his mastery of the cop/crime drama genre , making for the best of its kind since ` The Departed . '
the film 's remarkable cast helps Fuqua bring his sprawling web of nastiness to another level
An impressive and gritty cop drama with three strong leading performances .
Although Fuqua has already done this material , he is at least able to make some of it engaging , just not enough to recommend sitting through a runtime of over two hours to find it .
Paints with grimy authenticity a despairing , warts-and-all portrait of cops and criminals , turning the idea of the title on its head and then some .
Director Antoine Fuqua gives the well-trod material more room to roam than necessary but fails to shade it in anything but the drabbest law enforcement blue .
While there is plenty going on here , however , the whole film smacks of déjà vu .
For all its powerful moments -LRB- of which there are many -RRB- , it feels too calculated and pre-programmed in its downward spiral .
Watching the dirty badges in this gritty urban tale lose their shine is absolutely riveting .
Not likely to go over too well with Mayor Bloomberg and his tourism bureau , is this tabloid cinema crooked cop thriller and ghetto housing project horror spree looking worse than an Afghan war zone on a bad day .
The drama does n't just move between the three cops , it prowls between them , occasionally pouncing , and the film builds up quite a bit of tension .
It 's played with considerable intensity -- by Hawke especially .
It is certainly the best film director Antoine Fuqua has made since he last traced the thin blue line with Oscar winner Training Day .
Fuqua has delivered his satirical masterpiece , a film that exposes every cop-movie cliché in the book by deploying every cop-movie cliché in the book , all the while -- and this is the genius part -- pretending that no-one has ever done this stuff before .
An ugly , fatuous , macho piece of self-regarding , self-pitying nonsense about New York cops .
Although slick and occasionally tense , it 's also downright predictable and occasionally boring . In fact , top Gere it ai n't .
Strong direction and acting ca n't compensate for an insubstantial script .
This darkly shaded cop drama has an effectively moody tone , although it never feels any more gritty or realistic than a TV series . And despite solid acting , the plot feels both contrived and rather lethargic .
A well made and acted film but ultimately rather pointless .
It makes for a reasonably absorbing watch and is a potent reminder of the underappreciated talents of several members of the cast and crew . It 's just a shame that the storyline and characterisation lacks sufficient spark and innovation .
Each of the three stories of cops in extremis is schematic , formulary , hokey .
A boozy Irish-American cop , a sweary African-American cop and a bent Italian-American cop walk into a brothel . What do you get ? The climax of the least original cop movie in the world . And that 's exactly what we 've got here .
The many messy deaths suggest that if crime does n't pay , neither does faith . But treat it like the raw Friday night fodder it is and you 'll be redeemed with your money 's worth .
Watchable , well made cop thriller with strong performances from its three leads but the stories are cliched and predictable and the finale fails to land its intended emotional punch .
Antoine Fuqua returns to the familiar territory of his Oscar-winning Training Day , weaving together three storylines with confidence and a steady hand .
Any movie that ends on a freeze frame of Richard Gere walking stoically away from a crime scene teeming with police car lights ca n't be all good .
For fans of Fuqua 's previous work , this is exactly what we would expect the director to deliver .
A great cast and a mediocre script create an average show in ` Brooklyn 's Finest , ' the gritty grownups-only story of three flawed police officers whose lives intersect .
The film 's complete lack of originality will leave many wondering why it was even necessary to make a movie that we 've seen countless times before .
Working from a script by first-time screenwriter , Fuqua skillfully juxtaposes their storylines . The danger is losing track of one of the threads , but he mostly avoids this .
A mostly strong cast and well-done depiction of the New York locations pretty much overcome the lack of originality .
The film is more inclined to look to the cop dramas of the '70s for its inspiration , pouring on all the quasi-realism and downbeat inclinations that films of that era thrived on . It 's a style that suits Fuqua and his actors .
The movie does n't tell us anything we have n't heard before , and more eloquently , in other movies .
For such a potentially great concept to result in such a thoroughly mediocre product is baffling , especially given the talent involved .
Not great police drama or film noir , but engrossing .
Walking out of the theatre I felt pummeled , Fuqua going out of his way to give me the bumps and bruises of a prizefighter way best their prime who climbed back into the ring for all the wrong reasons .
The screenplay ... is overcooked , with outsized emotions and nary any subtly or breathing room , but director Antoine Fuqua adds some vivid gritty cityscapes and intense performances and mostly pulls it through .
Violent , profane , ambitious , pretentious , overcooked and entertaining ...
-LSB- The -RSB- sterling cast ... makes it worth watching to the bitter end .
In Brooklyn 's Finest , the cycle is familiar : no one deserves what he or she gets , but they 've all got it anyway .
A trio of talented actors elevates a sometimes contrived plot .
a moral murkiness pervades the film , refusing to allow for easy answers , and provoking in the audience the discomfort of not being able to sit in easy judgment of what unfolds
Unfortunately , forgettable but Fuqua still has an incredible vision for cinema ; I would be interested to see him explore films outside of the crime genre .
Fuqua indulges the rather unfortunate belief that movies with multiple characters need to Come Together and Mean Something .
Bleak , brutal , pretentious , over-agitated and only somwhat suspenseful .
Brooklyn 's finest are n't . Compared to films of the genre , Brooklyn 's Finest is n't either . It is , however , one hell of a good try .
Offers no surprises , is far from a classic and has forgettable characters , but at least it 's mildly engaging thanks to solid performances and Fuqua 's stylish directing .
All roads in this cleverly-concealed , triangulated tale serendipitously lead to some godforsaken projects in Brownsville where live ammo is routinely employed as the ghetto equivalent of a calling card .
In a way Brooklyn 's Finest falls prey to the paradox it sets up in its first and most riveting scene .
Brooklyn 's Finest is an entertaining rehash of every cop movie cliche committed to celluloid .
` Brooklyn 's Finest ' juggles three separate but interlocking storylines , and it takes considerable effort and intense audience concentration to decide which of the trio is the most tedious .
Has a few moments of undeniable performer 's grace ... lost in a wash of pretentious symbolism , cluttered staging , and fuhgeddaboutit accents . Bombast is too subtle of a word , really .
Despite the script 's too-neat constructions , this pulpy potboiler is a solid think piece and companion film to Fuqua 's 2001 Oscar-winning Training Day .
Movies detailing the lives of corrupt , disinterested and/or otherwise tempted New York cops could and probably should constitute their own subgenre Netflix listing , so those inclined to like this sort of thing will find just enough about it to like ; other
Brooklyn 's Finest certainly is n't Hollywood 's finest .
With Richard Gere , Don Cheadle , Ethan Hawke and Wesley Snipes leading the charge , there 's enough intensity and well-acted performances to wet your appetite . ` Finest ' is ` New Jack City ' meets ` The Wire . '
A smothering pall of corruption and futility .
Follows a recognizable footing , but the film 's conviction to examine the reasons as much as the results keeps it from becoming simplistic morality fare and makes it a thoughtful character study of three men under the heaviest strain .
The film is quick and dirty , somewhat cliched at times and hugely violent , and it also has a dubious ending ; on the other hand , some of the action sequences and all of Don Cheadle 's scenes make the thing worth seeing .
We may never be done with seeing cop dramas on the screen , but what we really do n't need is more like this one .
Only a genre picture , maybe , but one of the best in recent years .
Outstanding performances from Richard Gere , Don Cheadle and particularly Ethan Hawke lift this genre material into something special for fans of the actors .
As directed by Antoine Fuqua , the film is well-acted , occasionally hair-raising but ultimately made from stale material .
Tawdry , slick and self-consciously gritty .
As a rule of thumb , if you 're going to revisit formula , you better have a spectacular story to tell or a great set of compelling characters to occupy it . Fuqua has neither ...
The problem for filmmakers trying to make this kind of movie is that they are now operating in a post-Wire world .
On second thought , Brooklyn 's Finest does indeed provide a new genre twist . This must be the only cop movie ever made where a character is driven off the deep end by mold .
The movie is wounded , but it 's also too tough to kill .
Excels when focused on its amazing cast
Antoine Fuqua 's follow-up to Training Day is a bloody and sexually explicit drama that unravels like episodes of The Wire , but without that series ' dense plotting and insight into human nature
Features a few decent performances and a heady dose of style but its positive elements are buried by a misguided script and a director who thinks brutality is the same thing as drama .
Despite its strengths , Brooklyn 's Finest has weaknesses that keep it from being great . It 's simply not as tight as a three-pronged narrative needs to be .
Fuqua once again proves his mastery of the cop/crime genre , making for the year 's first must-see film
So what 's the problem , Officer ? Exploring the lives of three disparate policemen with a snapshot here , a brief scene there , what we get is more akin to a two-hour episode of Law & Order than a film .
It 's got good acting , and moments of great intensity but Fuqua 's overly episodic film feels like three marginally related stories rather than one cohesive tale .
Brooklyn 's Finest is a realistic , disheartening and brutal look into the lives of three different cops at three different stages in their careers .
The one shining bright spot is Snipes , who makes it clear that he still has it . As an old drug kingpin who 's recently been paroled , the actor is menacing , weathered and charming as hell . His talent has been missed onscreen .
Fuqua is interested in the pressures that make cops go bad , and his characters are as startled by their own behavior as we are .
An old-style potboiler about desperate cops in dire straits that overcooks both its story and its stars , with Ethan Hawke , Don Cheadle and Richard Gere the main ingredients left stewing .
Whatever one may think of the overall style -- I think it 's ludicrous -- Mr. Fuqua clearly wanted his film to be operatic , and so it is , in a tone-deaf way .
Brooklyn 's Finest is a movie that could easily have gone horribly wrong if handled differently , but Antoine Fuqua is clearly a filmmaker at the top of his game .
There 's nothing particularly original here in this grime-and-grit saga , but the weak material is elevated by the cast .
Brooklyn 's Finest may well have a future on cable as a drinking game . At one sip per cuss word , though , few viewers will still be conscious for the ending ...
At no time will the viewer be under the impression that the performers are engaged in anything but a recycling project , regurgitating 50 years of corrupt-cop movies . Fuqua is striving for gritty street cred and instead delivers a clone .
Call it `` Training Day 2 , '' but this film does n't come close to Fuqua 's previous effort . Paul Chambers , CNN
The film makes almost no effort to stand apart from its genre brethren , but it does benefit from solid casting and Fuqua 's gritty , no-nonsense style .
A jagged , hard-hitting thriller , Fuqua 's Training Day follow-up expertly traces shades of light and dark in its conflicted cops .
It 's quickly clear that this is textbook pseudo-heft , a creeping case of pompous bloat disguising a thoroughly hackneyed core .
Parental Content Review
Biblical trilogy bolstered by strong performances and a powerful message .
It 's good to see Snipes back on the big screen , and the scenes he shares with Cheadle are a highlight . But there 's so much unremitting pain , such a constant string of calamities in the lives of all the players , that the dreariness overshadows the story .
I was emotionally involved in the film 's final showdowns . It 's a shame this involvement is largely earned by Gere , Snipes and Fuqua in spite of some false moments on the page that hold the film back from the greatness it craves .
A melodrama about three cliches in search of a bloodbath .
Make a list of every police movie cliche and you will find them all here .
... Antoine Fuqua gives New York three levels of the rot he explored in L.A. 's `` Training Day , '' and , unfortunately , only one and a half of them work .
Brooklyn 's Finest is a cop movie so shallow , dumb , derivative and infuriating that it feels like a parody of bad cop movies .
The adventures are sometimes interesting ; there are stirring , chaotic outbursts of violence . But yelling and shooting alone do n't engage the imagination , and the domestic interludes verge on soap opera .
What 's intended as Greek tragedy most resembles Andy Samberg 's `` Dear Sister '' short from Saturday Night Live .
Ultimately , Brooklyn 's Finest is engrossing in the same way a halfway decent , made-for-television movie is .
Fuqua 's sucker-punch of a picture is taut noir of the first order .
-LSB- Hawke is -RSB- the least convincing Italian-American in recent cinematic movie history .
`` Brooklyn 's Finest '' is n't . But it 's not bad .
While it 's true that the characters here are types -- the frazzled family man , the tortured undercover agent , the just-punching-a-clock loser -- Fuqua gets some great actors to inhabit them .
Brooklyn 's Finest is a billy-club sandwich : three separate cop dramas piled one on top of the other , separated by layers of dramatic cheese , and compressed until the condiments run together .
Off the wall it may be , but it 's a policier as only Hollywood can do
Overheated drama boasts better-than-average star power .
meat-and-potatoes filmmaking ... plenty of substance , but not enough flavor
From the moment Gere is introduced waking up to whiskey for breakfast , Brooklyn 's Finest segues smoothly and slickly from one cliché to another .
The bravest ones let us in on certain truths about the profession even when they 're unpleasant , and Brooklyn 's Finest can stand proudly among them .
Even in the film 's supporting roles , a lot of terrific actors portray characters who are let down by this film 's rudimentary and cliché-ridden script .
In the end , audiences will be neither shaken nor stirred . Just bored and confused .
-LSB- W -RSB- ails with a quiet , desperate urgency amidst the loud brashness that it wears like , well , a badge ...
Director Antoine Fuqua has come a long way down since Training Day .
Director Antoine Fuqua scoops up the grime off the street and slimes it on the screen .
Fuqua 's `` Brooklyn '' Finest Film of the New Year .
The picture is n't perfect , but Fuqua shows newfound control and maturity as he quests to make his mark on an overworked genre , keeping the film gripping and anguished long enough to make a substantial impression .
Brooklyn 's Finest is day-old bread : Not horrible , but too much like better things you 've had before .
Or ` Favorite Cop Cliches ' ... feels like three standard-issue episodes of any police TV drama squeezed together .
Deeply , insultingly flawed .
It 's a movie you truly want to like , because it reminds you of movies you did , most of them made by Sidney Lumet .
Somebody must have drawn up a computer program on Crash-like multi-narrative screenplays , because it 's infected the system and wo n't go away .
The film has a basic strength in its performances and craft , but falls short of the high mark Fuqua obviously set for himself .
Fuqua tries to create the illusion of meaning by copycatting the style and techniques of better directors , but he ca n't save the naked emperor of the script .
You can see why the actors were drawn to this -- good characters , nice monologues , a few explosive scenes . But in keeping all of them happy and still making room for his own excesses , Fuqua loses any sense of pacing .
Fuqua develops the atmosphere with sufficient grit to generate a degree of narrative drive and momentum during the final 30 minutes but it takes an inordinate amount of time to get to that point and it 's debatable whether the payoff is worth -LSB- it -RSB- .
Director Antoine Fuqua knows how to create unbearable tension .
It 's built of rigidly interlocking calamities , and the movie revels in the cartooniest details of street life .
Intense . That 's what Antoine Fuqua does best and his fast cutting , depressed cop story is nothing if not intense .
By stepping up his game , Fuqua 's gone from his usual bullcrap to horsehockey .
By turning Brooklyn 's Finest into a morality tale , Fuqua lets the movie slip right through his undeniably talented fingers .
Antoine Fuqua is a master of this kind of anxiety -- much like his acclaimed Training Day , there are moments so nerve-racking one is actually afraid to look directly at the screen .
Other than a few dashes of humor managed by Hawke , the movie is relentlessly bleak and barbarous , Fuqua grinding viewers down through his cavemen-with-badges depiction of police work .
Filled with every cop-movie convention since the invention of gunpowder and curse words , Brooklyn 's Finest is three movies in one , all of which you 've seen before .
The performances are uniformly good , but Training Day helmer Antoine Fuqua seems to lack the maturity as a filmmaker to match his casting or his budget .
Hugely implausible and relentlessly downbeat cop thriller lacks any sense of authenticity .
Watching an Antoine Fuqua film can be exhausting ; the Training Day helmer directs every scene as if it 's the most important thing that ever happened .
Fuqua massages the script 's obvious clichés with a sense of personal attachment to his characters that makes you believe in them nonetheless .
Tough and sorrowful ... A dirty little beauty , a cop tale in which nobody wins and the best one can hope for is a draw . Except for the audience , that is .
As crime-policier , this follow-up to Fuqua 's brilliant Training Day -LRB- for which Denzel Washington won an Oscar -RRB- , is inferior in every way , dramatically -LRB- too familiar -RRB- and especially acting-wise ; Gere lacks gravitas and no chemistry between the other men .
Despite several good performances , including a superb turn by Ethan Hawke , Brooklyn 's Finest has difficulty being as emotionally involving as it would like .
Richard Gere and his one facial expression are woefully miscast as Eddie Dugan .






@highlight

It 's appropriately gritty , and soaked in the kind of palpable tension Antoine Fuqua delivers so well , but Brooklyn 's Finest suffers from the comparisons its cliched script provokes .