What charm it does have rests largely on Highmore 's shoulders . As family friendly fantasy movies go it 's pretty solidly in the middle , its resolve to take no chances whatsoever keeping it from ever being more .
Oh , great -- another kiddie fantasy film . How exciting !
A run-of-the-mill fantasy adventure .
The storytelling is economical and brisk . In some ways , Waters approaches it more as a pre-teen horror movie .
The result is effective , if too intense for younger children .
Young moviegoers will like the way the film empowers their cinematic peers in this battle of good against evil , though smaller children will probably be scared out of their wits .
Enjoyable , well made children 's fantasy adventure with likeable characters , impressive special effects and a decent script .
Como fábula , não é das mais originais , mas ainda assim tem seu charme em função do carisma de Higmore , dos bons efeitos visuais e do desfecho tocante .
We just do n't get good children 's entertainment like this anymore ...
This movie did n't really blow me away , but it was mildly enjoyable and should keep all of the fantasy fans happy
Seen through the eyes of a child , this adaptation my lack originality but is fast paced , contains enough fantasy to balance the family drama and is , at times , very scary .
sacrifices its undercurrent of pain and abandonment to big-budget special effects
Based on the series of five serial children 's novels , The Spiderwick Chronicles is a hollow spectacle that 's good for the action and effects but light on everything else .
For a movie about magical beasts , The Spiderwick Chronicles does an awfully good job of pegging childhood emotional realities , particularly in a context of divorce . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
good enough to keep you and an older child entertained , but do n't expect the next Harry Potter fever to emerge from this movie .
Tosses together hobgoblins and home-alone latchkey kids with tomato sauce baggies as instruments of battle , bad parenting , and boy and girl savior daydreams fulfilled on screen .
... imaginative fun , derivative , to be sure , but amusing and entertaining and just a little bit scary by turns , at least for kids .
At 97 minutes this not just a great Saturday matinee for 10 year-olds , but one for their indulgent parent -LRB- s -RRB- or handy dandy favorite gay relative/babysitter as well .
Lord of the Deathly Thingamabob
soy troei miamisi ora gia na se taksidepsei sto asfales symperasma poy eihe psiliastei sto pentalepto , oti i pasifismos san haraktiristiko toy floroy , einai epilogi mi biosimi , kai to kalo gia na epikratisei , prepei na brei kako na polemisei kai na katats
Spiderwick Chronicles provides lots of thrills and chills -- so much so that it may be too scary for younger viewers -- but it works best when it implies instead of showing .
The screen ca n't get enough of 16-year-old Freddie Highmore .
Fast-paced and filled with neat special effects , it 's a sure kid-pleaser , albeit one that suffers from the very elements that make it go down so easily .
Unexpectedly gripping .
It 's inevitable with such fantasies , the storylines begin to have a familiar ring . Rry as they might , the filmmakers here are never totally successful in narrowing the gap between reality and fantasy as live action and fantastical special effects converge
As Spiderwick keeps time with the notion that kids ' fantasies must feature bad , absent , or otherwise troubling parents , it also offers precious little in the way of clued-in adults .
A late entry in a crowded field , Spiderwick works hard to set itself apart from the competition , and almost entirely succeeds - no mean feat these days .
Displays a lighter touch than other fantasy films of this nature , meaning that its thrills are all the more unexpected -- and effective .
If you 're going to compete in an arena already owned by the `` Harry Potter '' and `` Narnia '' franchises , you 'd better enter that fray determined to show you can compete favorably with them . And that 's where `` Spiderwick '' runs into trouble .
The overall supernatural conflict amounts to nothing more than a jumble of noisy , fast-moving CGI beasties .
The Spiderwick Chronicles is great family fun . Its edge-of-your-seat action , charming cast , clever script and direction , and excellent special effects is something is everyone can enjoy .
At its heart is a sly imagination that fascinates and thrills .
A jolt of personality and above-average effects make this kids ' fantasy adventure entertaining enough to overcome the cliches in its premise .
Like `` Terabithia , '' willfully darker than most children 's fare .
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a terrific ride for children who crave genuine excitement , not that tepid Scooby Doo stuff .
Here 's the recipe for a delightful family film .
It 's always a pleasure to watch Highmore , one of the best child actors working today , and this time that pleasure is doubled because he plays a dual role .
... a lively children 's adventure ...
The monsters seem to be psychological projections as well as special-effects creations , with the scary lead ogre emerging to fill the void left by the absence of the resentful children 's neglectful father .
It 's easy to see what 's coming , but the payoff is still touching . The Spiderwick Chronicles finds its magic .
... followers of Tony DiTerlizzi and Holly Black 's series of books will find themselves scratching their heads at the omission of several key plot points and characters .
It is more adult than its family audience theme would let on . You would n't want to bring any young children to see it .
Condensing five short juvenile novels into a single 90-minute film , the screenwriters have done a decent job of constructing a tale that will entertain tots without insulting parents ' intelligence .
The Spiderwick Chronicles is fast , funny , and clever , with memorable creatures to sweeten the deal .
The story is very condensed and straightforward . It gets right to the action and stays there .
OK of its type , even if its type is starting to exude that slightly disagreeable scent of ` been there , done that . '
The overall story and action is mighty familiar . But at the same time , Spiderwick does what it does remarkably well .
I found it to be more irritating than scary , more tedious than exciting .
The movie reveals these creatures with some well-ingrained CGI that makes the visuals appealing for young and adult viewers .
The people who made this film cared enough about it to give their all .
The mood never wavers , allowing The Spiderwick Chronicles to develop into an exciting and largely watertight adventure .
Waters does ground his film in the real world , and more importantly he creates a real sense of the family dynamics before Jared opens the door to the world of goblins and woodland creatures .
` Spiderwick 's ' biggest shocks are due to big names cast in off beat roles ... the real eyebrow raiser is seeing Nick Nolte as the evil ogre Mulgarath .
See what happens when you drink yage .
A pleasing melange under the direction of Mark Waters , who , after Freaky Friday and Mean Girls , is becoming the go-to auteur of traumatized youth .
Characters with such real-world problems lend the film some real-world credibility
-LSB- C -RSB- harming ... lots of humorous and thrilling fantasy action ...
Gorgeous cinematography from Caleb Deschanel -LRB- The Black Stallion -RRB- and wonderfully intricate production design from James D. Bissell create a believably magical world of dusty tomes and toothy goblins .
Spiderwick is The Neverending Story of the new millennium -- a family-friendly fable that kids will applaud but adults may nap through .
Best of all , Waters and his team remember to make the movie about human beings ; like E.T. , this is a story about dealing with absent fathers that happens to be filled with adventure and outlandish critters .
A refreshingly spry , modest adventure .
The best fantasy movie to come along in a while . Spiderwick is miles better than the yawn-inducing adaptation of `` The Golden Compass . '' It 's smart , thrilling and funny , and it even features a good message about the importance of family .
Meticulously rendered CGI creatures spike this dark adventure , shot marvelously by Caleb Deschanel .
Director Mark Waters does a fine job meshing the fantastical with the quotidian .
It 's fast-paced and funny , strangely warm and suddenly creepy , disarmingly charming and admirably icky , all at the same time .
The Spiderwick Chronicles hands us a new fantastical adventure to capture our imagination -- and make us grab the edge of our seats . It 's definitely not for the youngest faint of heart .
Spiderwick hits the high notes when it needs to , and kids who can handle the scarier parts will find it an enjoyable escape .
SPIDERWICK 's great charm is that it feels exactly like the kind of adventure story you might have imagined at the bottom of the garden one day during childhood .
Instead of absorbing us into this magical landscape , this adaptation crams all five books together into a frenetic and frustrating 24-hour-escapade
A well-crafted family thriller that is truly scary and does n't wimp out .
For the uninitiated ? Man , it 's a bummer .
The movie , based on the best-selling series by Tony DiTerlizzi and Holly Black , tells parallel tales of fathers who abandon their children , but it glosses over the trauma of those sagas in favor of special-effects-laden escapism .
The story , frankly , is dull . It 's essentially a siege tale , watered down for youngsters and interrupted by side trips .
The Spiderwick Chronicles exemplifies a problem with many of today 's fantasy-adventure movies : the sense that narrative values , such as the artful building of suspense , can be slighted because the computer-generated special effects are so good .
The Spiderwick Chronicles is filled with ogres , trolls , griffins , brownies , boggarts , goblins , hobgoblins , sprites and faeries . But its best special effect is young Freddie Highmore in the dual lead roles of Jared and Simon Grace .
As kids ' movies go , this is no Harry Potter , but it 's an enjoyable enough adventure -- with just enough scariness .
The film is graced with a mostly superb cast , superior special effects , a sparkling musical score by James Horner and a fantasy-filled plot with a bit of moralizing , but , fortunately , only a bit .
The degree of talent attached to Spiderwick Chronicles is exceptional . It 's an unlikely assembly of people for a studio fantasy film , and perhaps that 's what makes the picture so fresh .
The director does a nice job of juggling and blending the movie 's tricky tones and storylines , which could have gone badly wrong at any juncture .
Book-based family fantasy is magical and fun .
Sloppy , secondhand pander .
The characters lack shadings -- Nolte 's ogre is loud but uninteresting -- and the tone of the fantasy world is n't witty , like Harry Potter 's , or satirical , like Lemony Snicket 's . It 's all just silly .
Happily , Highmore has no trouble grasping the task at hand . As both the thoughtful Simon and the brash Jared , he transports himself into this literal faerie tale with such convincing enthusiasm , he turns us into believers , too .
The story generates surprising emotional power .
A swiftly told and sturdily built speculative story .
I kept wishing for another scene with Mulgarath in the form of Nolte , because , well , you can never have enough Nolte , and because his particular brand of kinetic insanity would have been just what the movie needed to shake up its clockwork smoothness .
Spiderwick Chronicles , thanks to its fine craftsmanship , is very much more than the same old bedtime stories , digitally gussied up for profit if not fun .
As a swashbuckler for youngsters it 's colorful , diverting and , every now and then , genuinely magical .
The effects , the pacing , the mood and the stunningly professional job the ubiquitous child actor Freddie Highmore does playing utterly different twins are enough to make you forget about what 's not there .
It has plentiful whimsy , a big enough heart and Joan Plowright in one fine scene , burbling magnificently . It treats its archetypes with all due seriousness : Good must engage evil in a final stand . And fatherless children must try to save the world .
Passably entertaining if derivative .
This adventure of preteens encountering a mythical realm lacks the scope of the other entries in the Harry Potter sweepstakes , but it still manages to provide scares and action for the under-12 set .
Fans of the books will be pleased with the film version , which is equally as action packed and fast paced . It 's doubtful they will begrudge the story changes .
It 's a movie I can imagine kids actually liking , as opposed to one that clueless studio executives merely want them to like .
It 's got thrills but is not allegorically deep or daunting like the Harry Potter or Narnia flicks . It skews young .
Part of what keeps this from being just another children 's fantasy is director Mark Waters ' sensitivity to the way the enchanted elements deepen the emotional journey .
It is n't quite the world of the books . But it 's a perfectly magical and exciting one in its own right .
In its way , The Spiderwick Chronicles is a ripsnorting , computerized update of E. Nesbit 's old fantasy novels for children .
Fatherless children are the order of the day , but the film develops this theme no more than the absolute minimum , instead content to stage swordfights and races-against-time between its plucky child protagonists and their monstrous enemies .
An enjoyable adventure fantasy sure to cast a spell over its audiences . But just as importantly , it weaves a story that resonates with spiritual truth .
Just because The Spiderwick Chronicles is n't an insta-classic does n't mean it 's not a fine time at the movies .
A fantasy adventure with the questionable uplifting message that revenge tastes sweet .
A safe mix of fantasy and fright , the adventurous tale The Spiderwick Chronicles fills a gap in solid entertainment for children and adults .
... a wonderful stand-in for childhood itself , when kids often have adventures involving things only they can see .
`` The Spiderwick Chronicles '' is a modest and reasonably charming example of a genre that is n't exactly renowned for modesty or charm .
... just the sort of ` fantastical ' adventure we 've needed at the movies after the Oscar onslaught and ensuing winter doldrums .
The Spiderwick Chronicles may be too good to waste on kids . Sure , it 's full of goblins and monsters and griffins and sprites , but hey ! it 's a really good movie , eminently suitable for the more mature crowd .
a Ghoulies for the post-millennial crowd , complete with lots of short attention span flash
Maybe it 's fantasy fatigue , but for all the pretty effects and breathless chases and goblin war battles , the sense of wonder and magic is lost in the shuffle .
After lovingly setting up the intricate relationships among its characters Spiderwick loses itself in the action and pretty special effects , only recovering in time to do a rushed , pat wrap-up .
Brevity works in the film 's favor , turning a potential franchise headache into a delightful winter diversion brimming with revolting creatures , magical spells , and entertaining acts of mass goblin death .
An engaging , adventurous tale filled with all sorts of intriguing and entertaining characters .
Yet much like last year 's fine Disney adaptation of Bridge to Terabithia , this one is an outright winner taking audiences into a tremendously engaging other world both children and adults alike can discover wonders to delight in .
that perfect nexus of childlike wonder and the terrors of the id . In other words , the perfect fairy tale that is about much more than the magical creatures
Spiderwick is set in the present , but goes for an overall design look of dainty , cozy , William Morris-y arts-and-craftiness .
Director Mark Waters keeps Spiderwick moving like crazy , which frees it from the overblown quality that bogs down some of these fantasy epics .
After conquering the teenage girl market with Lindsay Lohan 's Freaky Friday and Mean Girls , director Mark Waters turns to teenage boy fantasy -LRB- and potential franchise -RRB- ... and proves quite adept at handling large scale special effects without
Be warned , parents , that younger children , under age seven , may have a problem with the often scary creatures that inhabit the Spiderwick world . Older kids , teens and adults , though , will have a good and entertaining time .
As movie fantasies go , The Spiderwick Chronicles has a modest , almost ramshackle aggressiveness that , against all odds , manages to enchant , if not exactly transport .
Its simplistic and occasionally juvenile plot is at odds with its more mature subject matter . The Spiderwick Chronicles is flashy and diverting , but also ultimately insubstantial .
Between a Jurassic Park-style monster chase and some legitimately creepy critters , Spiderwick is a lot trippier than anything in Strange Wilderness .
While the film is essentially an action flick for kids , it 's nice that the script is willing to tackle real-life sources of pain for both parents and children .
A top-drawer cast , sympathetic script , a director known for delicious teen edge and one of the great cinematographers of our time have conjured up a topical , whimsical and occasionally magical action-romp through a world we know , but do n't fully see .
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a sturdy , family-friendly adaptation of the popular series of children 's books by Holly Black .
The Spiderwick Chronicles , while not without its virtues -LRB- including a genuinely sweet ending -RRB- , goes too far on the frightening front , especially for a young audience .
There 's enough here to keep adults engaged , which is an important component of any motion picture that wants to be known as ` family entertainment . ' I would place The Spiderwick Chronicles comfortably in that category .
The Spiderwick Chronicles may not be in the same fantasy league as the tales of J.R.R. Tolkien , C.S. Lewis and J.K. Rowling . Yet the family flick based on the books of Tony DiTerlizzi and Holly Black is an all-around class act .
For a story aimed at the moppet market , The Spiderwick Chronicles is one that holds the interest without unbalancing the I.Q.
works well-enough as a CGI adventure aimed at the kiddies , but grownups will probably be indifferent to this otherwise average story that features some pretty cool monster effects , but not much else .
After so many failed attempts to fashion new Harry Potter-like franchises from children 's books ... it 's nice to encounter one that actually works .
An exciting and refreshing adventure that 's shorter -LRB- and less melodramatic -RRB- than another Harry Potter film .
The voice of the novels is lost in translation ; what 's left is something that 's merely by the book .
Scary enough to give free `` midnight movie '' nightmares to some of the young ` uns in the audience . What could be better than that ?
An enjoyable adventure fantasy that pushes all the requisite buttons while still managing to throw in a pleasant surprise or two , Paramount 's big-budget gamble has impressive talent to burn on both sides of the camera .
A work of both modest enchantment and enchanting modesty , grounded in a classically Spielbergian realm where childlike wonderment crosses paths with the tough realities of young adulthood .
-LSB- The -RSB- combination of creature effects , action and believable situations is what ultimately puts the movie on par with the first couple ` Harry Potter ' movies .
There 's nothing wrong with it that passion and personality could n't fix .
A classic adventure with its heart and its sense of whimsy in all the right places .








@highlight

The Spiderwick Chronicles is an entertaining children 's adventure , with heart and imagination to spare .