Seinfeld 's dry delivery makes for a certain adult sensibility , but even the horde of celebrity cameos ca n't really lift the story off the ground .
Here 's the final buzz : Bee Movie deserves to be queen bee at the box office .
Its moral that even the smallest creature can make a world of difference is one to be appreciated . It is a shame , however , that it could not keep up its energetic and fun pace established within its first act .
The hyperactive comic randomness is deadening
A consistently amusing bit of animated whimsy from funnyman Jerry Seinfeld that has the observational comic 's fingerprints all over it .
Has there ever been an uglier animated feature ? The eerie , fever-dream-like faux three-dimensionality , the cyborg-like humanoids , the septic , etiolated colors .
Personally , I think I liked `` nothing '' better .
... may not be `` about nothing , '' but it is not about much more than the puny pun in the title .
A kids movie with a moral , that 's rare ! ...
... tries mightily to be cute and cuddly , and in this regard it succeeds ... at least for kids .
Seinfeld 's pleasingly idiosyncratic comic voice comes through in the haphazard , slaphappy storyline . -LSB- Blu-Ray -RSB-
-LSB- T -RSB- his comedy provides sporadic chuckles but , you 'll pardon the expression , drones on for much of its running time .
Bland , watered-down Seinfeld-ian humor for kids , amusing at best , grating at worst .
Relentlessly uneven yet basically entertaining ...
Without a particularly strong storyline and loaded with only modestly enjoyable gags , it putts along like a familiar old jalopy , reasonably likeable if eminently forgettable .
Bee Movie is a solid mix of comforting gags , clever language and a meandering plot that does n't seem to have enough gas to stretch out into a full feature .
never sappy , often clever , and always great to look at . In short the perfect vehicle to keep the kiddies -LRB- and their adults -RRB- amused while getting across a well-framed message about species interdependence
Bee-boundaries are so last-year and fans are likely to understand it in Seinfeldian-hysterical terms . To the rest of us it 's an overstretched been-there , seen-that concept .
Decade-old leftovers reaching for laughs .
I ca n't believe I 'm going to say it , but this film is as busy as a bee .
Dreamworks Animation is not Pixar , no matter how hard it tries . Dreamworks ' animated films lack the sort of effortless charm , animated grace and satirical wit that Pixar seems to generate instinctively .
Bee Movie is a light , moderately entertaining romp . Not that there 's anything wrong with that .
What distinguishes this better than half-decent comedy is its detailed insight into the bee brain
Seinfeld the professional cynic has become Seinfeld the environmental crusader . Who 'd have thunk it ?
Bee sure to see this .
This curiously flat animated comedy simply does n't have the sparkle one expects from a Jerry Seinfeld project .
Anyone smarter than a fifth grader will get a kick out the ingenuity , stellar animation , and relentless higher level humor -LRB- what , no poop jokes ? -RRB- of a film that will reward multiple viewings .
Cleverly acted and beautifully rendered , `` Bee Movie '' is another animated triumph from the studio that brought us `` Shrek . ''
Given the amount of talent involved - Renée Zellweger , Matthew Broderick , Rip Torn , and Seinfeld himself - it all feels like a terrible waste .
Amusing and likeable , but scarcely memorable .
The best we can award is bee minus .
What a treat to see a comedy that starts funny , is funny in the middle , and ends funny - unlike the usual Hollywood model in which all the humour is used up in the first act setting up the premise , and then winds down into sentimentality .
Sadly the animation fails to bee-dazzle - often looking a bit flat . Overall , it has to be a Bee-plus .
This DreamWorks film is not the sliced-bread marvel it has spent an enormous amount of money pretending to be . But it must be said that Seinfeld 's script is a thing of wonder .
The animation is fine , the plot accessible enough for youngsters and it clocks in at a snappy hour and a half .
Events veer from the apocalyptic -LRB- the near-extinction of America 's flowers -RRB- to the inexplicable -LRB- the finale is a parody of an ` Airport ' movie -RRB- , all presented with a glib yada-yada sense of inconsequentiality .
Bright , sunny and almost instantly forgettable , even Jerry Seinfeld ca n't stop Bee Movie from boldly going where far too many CGI animations have gone before .
Whatever happened to no hugs , no learning ? It 's enough to bring you out in hives .
Passes the time , but undoutedly one for the little ` uns .
Bee Movie has its moments but all in all there is very little sting in its tale .
The depth of talent in the cast and gag writing shines through , but it 's only just enough to take your mind off of the flat animation .
Amusing comedy with likeable characters , colourful animation and several great gags , though the script is n't as focussed as it should have been .
What Bee Movie really lacks is a compelling hero . Seinfeld is essentially playing himself , so what we get is a stand-up comedian in a black and yellow sweater .
great fun
A falta de estrutura não é o único problema do roteiro , que ainda é prejudicado por diálogos pouco inspirados e pelo desenvolvimento descuidado de várias situações .
I was thoroughly entertained in this lively burst of nonsense that has little agenda except to amuse
Smarter than it is funny with delicious design .
Enjoyable fun even if it 's not particularly original .
`` Bee Movie '' has a little bit of something for everyone . It 's loaded with action and sight gags for the kids and enough adult humor to keep the grownups happy .
While most animated features , even the bad ones , champion individuality , Bee Movie flies in the opposite direction by rallying around the notions of conformity and subservience .
The weak storyline hovers over a scene while foraging for material and then flits off to a new situation . Without a strong narrative , the movie tends to drone on .
It 's impersonal . It does n't come from anywhere interesting .
Will small children even care about what bees do ? All they care about is not getting stung .
A friendly , joke-stuffed animated feature .
A desperate , unfocused collection of bits and schtick that sends you out of the theater exhausted and unsatisfied .
As its potential trans-species romance can never be consummated , the movie turns instead into a peculiarly balanced relationship comprised of financial and legal accord .
Maybe it would have been better for Seinfeld to make an animated movie about nothing .
Seinfeld , what happened ? You 've gone soft on us . Sure , some of it is fun but where 's the sting ?
Bee Movie is never an unpleasant experience , but it 's never a particularly engaging or funny film either .
Seinfeld 's sardonic wit is as sharp and irresistible as ever ...
The big monster in this movie is n't the human race , but those humans who failed to make a compelling film .
A giddy , freewheeling , clever , delightful animated romp ` about nothing , ' a thing onto itself , the very definition of existential phenomenon .
Seinfeld 's quick wit and glib personality are strong enough to give the scattershot story an illusion of coherence .
Compare this to the output of a studio like Pixar , and the movie really fits its title : a second-rate computer-animated comedy .
Too confusing to be humorous .
Rock has but two scenes in the film , but he needs a hundred more . Give the man his own movie , please , if only because it 'd bee far better than this one .
This is a beautifully animated , cleverly executed , warm and funny adventure .
Beyond its basic concept , Bee Movie has n't the first idea where to go .
The movie 's more than cute , funny , and -LRB- at 81 minutes -RRB- brisk enough to move families in and out of the multiplex in mass quantities , like the social insects we are .
Regardless of its PG rating , if you are a fan of Jerry Seinfeld 's comedy style , then you will probably find a lot to like here . This is an incredibly witty film .
A spelling bee . A busy bee . A killer bee . But a Seinfeld bee ? Sorry Jerry , your hapless honey-seeking hero does n't create much of an animated buzz .
-LRB- Regarding -RRB- ... the relationship between woman and bee ... a tender moment of their holding hands -LRB- yes , one is a bee hand -RRB- while on the terrace is sort of cute , sort of creepy .
I liked Bee Movie because it was cute , funny , family-friendly , and mercifully brief .
There will be more gags and puns in the reviews of press pundits than could be found in the entirety of this film , which fails to create a bee world of any logic or surprise .
Seinfeld 's droll , witty observations add to the adult appeal of ` Bee Movie , ' and youngsters will probably enjoy its eye-popping colors .
The jokes are bad -LRB- the puns are worse -RRB- , the voice direction is pitiful , and logic is thrown out the window in order for the third act to even exist .
All in all , Bee Movie 's large team of writers and directors scrape together enough for kids to enjoy , but kids these days have come to expect more than just `` enough '' from their animated movies .
Harmless fun for the whole family .
A snazzy-looking mixed bag . Kids will be diverted , adults will tolerate it , and all involved will be expecting something more imaginative than what Jerry Seinfeld has whittled together .
It 's still the Dreamworks model of big , recognizable voices playing their personas , but this time it 's an actual movie too . They wait a while to unload all the major pop culture references .
Bee Movie is fun , if not formulaic in its humor and story approach . The writers threw in every ... bee joke and situation you could think of , yet the movie still works .
This well-meaning but comically limp offering from DreamWorks Animation inspires boredom more than anything .
Feels slight and attenuated , even at a brisk 82 minutes .
Bee Movie is a cute movie . Not that there 's anything ... well , you know the rest . But cute is not what adults expect from Jerry Seinfeld , although children will be delighted .
Bee Movie does n't touch the bar raised so high by Pixar , but it creates a little buzz of its own .
Bee Movie has a few charming moments and a scene or two with legitimate hilarity , but mostly it 's just mediocre .
Some humor in Bee Movie is too sophisticated for little kids , but there are enough dazzling action scenes to compensate . Youngsters wo n't get an allusion to The Graduate , but they 'll enjoy the slapstick that follows .
The film is undistinguished visually . Worse , it is n't especially funny .
What I like about Bee Movie is its comfy , off-the-cuff charm : unlike a lot of animated family entertainment , it 's not all Thwack Smash Kaboom .
The movie has some pretty pictures and a few good jokes , but not nearly enough . And the story suffers from sitcom attention-deficit disorder , veering off in a new direction every half-hour or so .
Watching this pun-filled cartoon is like falling into a tray of children 's watercolors -- the warm end , where oranges and yellows and ambers wave .
A surprisingly unfunny , belabored and unimaginative comedy , Bee Movie is a huge disappointment considering the extent of Seinfeld 's participation .
Nothing about the movie resonates emotionally .
Jerry Seinfeld 's comic sensibility enlivens this tale of a bee who wants to fly by the seat of his pants .
Seinfeld does n't need to go back to his ` show about nothing ' premise , but here 's hoping his next project can be about just a little less .
A kid film with not enough going on .
Is it as bold as it might be ? Does it blaze with invention ? Is it the best babbling-bee urban biopic , bar none ? Just about .
Everybody 's least favorite hive workers get an anthropomorphic makeover , courtesy of Jerry Seinfeld , in this animated flick that 's got some stinging wit but a story that 's strictly for the birds .
It leaves no unpleasant aftertaste . If you take impressionable kids , you should be prepared to explain two things : No , bees and humans do not normally live happily ever after ; and yes , bees sometimes just sting you for the hell of it .
The film 's charm , quickness and design carry the day .
A welcome diversion from DreamWorks Animation 's increasingly trying Shrek series .
The vibe is loose-limbed and fluky , and the gags have an extra snap that 's recognizably Seinfeldian . If I believed in a sitcom afterlife , I 'd swear the whole thing was cooked up by Kramer and George 's dad .
Genuine silliness is so rare a quality these days that it should n't go undervalued , even in a sweet little nothing of a picture like Bee Movie .
The whole thing 's pretty cute and breezy .
All of this material , written by Seinfeld and writers associated with his television series , tries hard , but never really takes off .
What a pleasure . After a cackle of serious dramas and actual letter grade B movies , this silly insect film was just the ticket to put a little honey in my tea .
An agreeable though tame animated picture that more than does the trick but is unlikely to become a super buzz flick .
I got antsy in the bee movie .
Not only are the bees nonsensical , so is the plot , even grading on the fantasy curve .
Jerry Seinfeld 's disappointing labor of animated-movie love is more of a lukewarm handholding experience than a full embrace .
This movie literally just sits there going from scene to scene with a lackadaisical whimsy that , after a while , becomes a bit tedious .
Seinfeld 's animated feature flies a little too fast to leave a lasting impression .
Call it the curse of high expectations but with Jerry Seinfeld involved , laughs should flow like honey but they do n't - unless you 're really into bee puns .
Bee Movie will make you think twice before swatting one of the yellow and black guys next time you 're being buzzed .
Here 's the biggest problem most folks will have with Bee Movie : It 's not Ratatouille .
A big-screen , 90-minute Saturday morning cartoon that 's really for grown-ups , but happens to be relatively safe and thoroughly entertaining for kids , too .
One of the better animated films of the year , an enjoyable and consistently clever ride courtesy of the very original comic viewpoint of the man who made arguably the best sitcom of all time .
Kids should get a kick out of it , but anyone craving Seinfeld 's usual brand of funny business will have to stick to TV reruns .
While never as clever as it thinks it is , and lacking the internal logic that makes a Pixar project hum with indescribable brilliance , Bee Movie is still a witty , imaginative romp .
Unless your idea of wit is an unrelenting stream of groan-inducing insect puns , `` Bee Movie '' offers little more than buzzkill .
Another ground-breaking show about nothing -- a hornet 's nest of hype for a fat hive of nothing .
Not nearly as funny , clever or witty as one would have hoped .
It has enough buzzing wit and eye-popping animation to win over the kids -- and probably more than a few parents , too .
Certainly Bee Movie could 've been smarter , faster , and far cleverer , and it 's disappointing to watch Seinfeld settle for less . For a man who made a mint reveling in comedic risk on a weekly basis , his first movie lacks serious sting .
Begins warily as a mild chucker and then reveals itself to be an increasingly clever and very funny appreciation of a bee 's existence .
Instead of gently skewering the conventions of contemporary animation , it simply follows them to a T
Bet you 're just itching to see `` Bee Movie . `` This little honey was launched with an ad campaign possibly equal to the cost of launching a space shuttle ... bees have been everywhere .
made for kids with more bee puns than Carrot Top and Kenny Bania could ever imagine
Bee Movie is n't a B movie , it 's a Z movie , as in dizmal .
Bee Movie is certainly not low-budget , but it has all the staying power and creative value of a B-movie . The secret life of bees , as told by Seinfeld , is a bore with a capital B .
The most genuinely apian aspect of Bee Movie is that it spends a lot of its running time buzzing happily around , sniffing out fresh jokes wherever they may bloom .
Bee Movie just lacks spirit and energy . Part of the problem may be that , as far as I 'm concerned , any animated movie released this year -LRB- and possibly in years to come -RRB- suffers in comparison with Brad Bird 's Ratatouille .
Jerry Seinfeld returns to the mainstream spotlight with Bee Movie , which proves as awkward and ineffective as George Costanza 's attempts to wear a toupee .
Mostly amusing and good-natured , occasionally hysterical , and actually manages to sneak in a subtle lesson about nature .
It 's not worth seeing , but if all the hype has you expecting a classic , you should lower your expectations .
Seinfeld 's observational humor is relegated to the edges of a lightweight story .
Absurd enough to delight kids , overstuffed with verbal and visual in-jokes for grownups , it 's a 90-minute joyride that barely pauses for breath . This is unquestionably the best movie that ever began as a bad pun .
The riskiest move Seinfeld made was to create an unlikable protagonist who is wrong every step of the way , but treat him like a hero .
Never funny , never meaningful , never coherent , never animated .
It 's a minor film . It 'll be amusing once and then forgotten .
If it 's not Toy Story , well , what is ? But Bee Movie offers plenty of entertainment for all ages -- though , truth be told , the older the better .
Not a flawless animated adaptation of Seinfeld 's sometimes-cynical , always-obsessive takes on the trivial . Even at 91 minutes , it 's long , and some of its voices too shrill , but the energetic brio of its social satire stings without turning inappropriate .
Bee Movie is best viewed as an oddball career move rather than as a successful movie .
This digitally animated feature is not a great movie , but it is colorful , imaginative and solid entertainment . In many respects , it 's more educational and more exciting than it is laugh-out-loud funny .
Does Bee survive the hype ? Not quite , but it is semi-charming and reasonably clever in that facile Dreamworks Animation kind of way .
Seinfeld comedy is cute fun for the whole family .
Bee Movie is n't the second coming of Seinfeld , but there 's just enough of his singular personality to engage fans and enough buzzy action to delight the holiday kid audience .
Pleasant but entirely forgettable .
Bee Movie feels phoned in on every level .
At its relaxed best , when it 's about , well , nothing , the slyly comic Bee Movie is truly beguiling .
It 's on the easygoing level of Surf 's Up , and a full tick up from , say , Over the Hedge or The Ant Bully . But given the Seinfeld pedigree it 's something of a disappointment .
An often-inspired smart comedy for kids , and a vintage Seinfeld laugh for adults .
It 's one of the better animated movies of the year -- admittedly , rising to the top of a shallow pool .
Is n't quite as funny as The Swarm ... neither frisky nor imaginative enough to merit even its short ninety-minute running time .
The mock outrage and dry sarcasm of Seinfeld 's comic persona defines the movie 's hero , a worker bee with a high-pitched , often cracking whine .
You might have been able to get away with stuff like this in the pre-Pixar age . Not anymore .
Yet another animated flick with a starry cast in which a creature that ordinarily would seem pesky is rendered as not just harmless but even lovable and idiosyncratically human . Enough already .
Infectiously amusing ? More often than not .
After Shrek the Third 's flatulence jokes , the return of that Seinfeldian wit brings animation up a level .
On the whole , this is another disappointing animated effort and it resides considerably lower on the totem pole than this year 's current non-live action champion , Ratatouille .
The film is nutty , ecological , antically funny , and moving , all at the same time .
It is mercifully less than 90 minutes long , but make that an hour and a half of witty , captivating enchantment .
Seinfeld has completely dumbed-down his normal clever wit in order to appeal to younger kids ; they 're probably the only ones who might enjoy this .
It 's bee-buzzingly silly .
If only every bee were named ` Chris Rock ' the movie would have the stinging humor it sorely lacks .
Unfortunately , bees just are n't that funny .
Amiable but no more .






@highlight

Bee Movie has humorous moments , but its awkward premise and tame delivery render it mostly forgettable .