As far as stuff like mood , atmosphere , tone , and intensity is concerned , this sequel is a completely empty vessel .
The only thing the lowly Hills 2 has going for it is the grossness , ferocity , and superhuman strength of the rampaging mutants . I mean , these guys put the ugh in ugly ; they make the original 's Michael Berryman look like a hunk .
... could have been more than a pale shadow of the original if the filmmakers had taken their time ...
The Hills Have Eyes 2 offers another round of dull , gory fright scenes that neither push the horror envelope nor exhibit any noticeable ingenuity .
There is not any plot worth discussing : people go into a desert , some die . The end .
In case you miss what 's happening , one soldier wails , ` Oh , man , we 're gettin ' picked off one by one , here . '
It sucks balls .
... dull and interminable ...
Well , no , they do n't . If they did and if they could see , they would have read the script , passed on it , and we all would have been better for it .
Better made than most low budget and derivative movies of its genre , but it just does n't have enough to stand out as anything more than an improvement upon those dregs .
This horror fanatic does n't have room for Craven in his genre anymore . Collect your cash and call it a day already , Wes ...
a film as bloodily pointless as the current conflict in Iraq that it so unsubtly allegorises .
Maybe it 's just time to put an end to this mutant circle of life , or at least send it straight to DVD from now on .
Another shining example of the sorry state of horror filmmaking these days
Written , disappointingly , by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan , this limp sequel to last year 's remake of Wes ' 1977 original feels like the work of a guy who 's spent a few too many days lost in the desert .
Have n't Our Soliders Suffered Enough ?
It never generates a real sense of dread or building pressure . Instead , it uses its feeble set-up to string together one grisly shock after another .
One man-versus-mutant dust-up ends with a sledgehammer to the groin . Enough said .
The roman numeral in the title is the most sophisticated thing about the sequel . Otherwise , this radioactive spawn of Wes Craven is abysmal , stupid and -- horror of all horrors ! -- incredibly boring .
Although series creator Wes Craven wrote this sequel 's script with his son Jonathan , the film has little of that filmmaker 's usual sass .
This team 's descent is soon revealed as cockamamie : they 're no longer trained fighters with automatic guns but victims in a splatter movie .
The National Guardsmen and - women are picked off one by one in scenes of birth , death , rape and other carnage that aim to be as grotesque as possible .
Cheesy and yucky , it 's a guilty pleasure .
A nastily effective piece of action-horror , as reflective of its time and its war as the Vietnam-era Deliverance was of its time and war .
It 's no better or worse than most films of its genre .
The mutants may or may not live to kill again , but at this point , these fussed-over grotesques are better suited to wax museums than movie theaters .
A secret comedy lurks within this decidedly shoddy piece of corporate horror .
Pure genre-pic boredom .
Another depressing example of a cult 70s slasher being cynically retooled for MTV-reared thrill-seekers .
An enjoyable sequel if you like this sort of thing .
Weisz ' first feature was ` Butterfly : A Grimm Love Story ' , a banal study of a real-life cannibal killer . Like this sorry sequel , it amounted to far less than the sum of its body parts .
A retro horror-comedy featuring quick deaths and cheapo-looking gore , with a few dorky laughs and gross-outs but not so many scares .
For anyone other than hardcore gore-hounds , this flipbook of deliberately invoked global-unrest horrors , from friendly-fire killings to rape as a breeding weapon , is effectively mean and unrelenting -- and pretty far from fun .
Bears no relation to the old 1985 sequel , which hardly matters since The Hills Have Eyes II is perfectly capable of being a rancid crapfest on its own merits .
Despite having almost as much ick-content as the last film , The Hills Have Eyes 2 has n't the skill to make it unnerving .
Fingers in brains , thumbs in eyes and sledgehammers in the balls are straight outta Tom & Jerry : this time the hills are alive with the sound of larfing .
Pretty solid gory horror .
The new movie is a pre-combat nightmare , whereas the first -- Alexandre Aja 's effective 2006 remake of Craven 's low-rent 1977 original -- was pure post-nuclear paranoia .
You 'd like to think such bankruptcy of imagination means we 've seen the last of these subterranean creeps . But you know they 'll be back soon to collect their royalties from the gore hounds who apparently do n't care how dull -LSB- it is -RSB- .
Although the ads warn , ` The lucky ones die fast , ' the truth is , ` The smart ones walk out early . '
The film may not be as scary as its predecessor , but it will make you think twice before you use a Porta Potti again .
Director Martin Weisz does an adequate job of maintaining the movie 's tension and momentum , but the lack of compelling characters and the unusual level of nastiness makes this an arduous mission for all involved .
The only folks jumping out of their seats are the ones going for a drink refill .
Reasonably effective , although the low budget frequently peers through in the uninspired set design and laughably obvious bluescreen work .
Helmer Martin Weisz , whose background is largely in musicvideos , meets the challenge of creating dread in broad daylight , before the entire cast of soldiers and carnivores heads underground , into the warren of mines and tunnels where the mutants dwell .
Feels like an exercise , not a real film .
It 's all just far too Wes Craven for its own good . He gave Aja free rein to innovate , but as he writes this sequel he rests on every single genre cliché because he does n't understand that they 're still clichés even if he did invent them .
The film 's defining emblematic moment comes when a man crawls out of a Port-O-Potty covered in feces , thereby providing an approximation of the audience 's experience .
If The Hills Have Eyes II is to gain notoriety for anything , it is the invention of one of the most laughable methods of murder ever captured on film : death by leather wallet .
Gratuitous , slow-as-molasses and interminably dull-witted ; this is a horror movie for no one . Dialogue runs the gambit from `` Shitman the Barbarian '' to `` smelling like shit '' in a crappy stinker where even the cameraman blows .
Wes Craven would like the audience to think they 're having a nightmarish good time , but I do n't recall repeated internal urgings to run screaming from the theater in unstoppable bad movie agony in the recipe for fun .
Though written by Wes Craven and his son , Jonathan Craven , this is pretty standard stuff .
It is only another by-the-numbers , do n't - mess-with-the-formula screen filler aimed at the gore-hound fan boys who sustain all these franchises while bemoaning their sameness .
This hurry-up sequel delivers the same brand of paranoid , blood-covered , barely clinging-to-an-R-rating action as in ' 06 , featuring a similar pack of desert-dwelling super freaks who wreak murderous havoc on unsuspecting visitors .
For a sequel made on the quick , I 'm almost loathe to admit it but The Hills Have Eyes 2 is a serious smack upside the head a giddily grisly way to spend a night at the movies .
Being gross and gory is one thing , but the problem with The Hills Have Eyes II is that those elements are literally all it has going for it .
Rote and crass .
It 's not scary , not novel .
After this disgrace , it 's time to shut the hills ' eyes for good .
A sequel to a remake that 's surprisingly intelligent and original , and it proves to be a worthy successor to both Alexandre Aja 's 2006 Hills and Wes Craven 's 1977 original .
There 's gore galore , but not much more . And it 's a bore .
If you do n't walk out in the first few moments , you deserve every gut wrench , gag reflex and skin crawl you get for the rest of the film .
I ca n't even bring myself to say , drop in , turn your brain off and enjoy , as the material presented is just not anywhere near as entertaining as the first run .





@highlight

The Hills Have Eyes 2 is a completely unoriginal sequel offers plenty of gore and clichés , but few scares .