Dead cold
A smug , and awfully dull quasi-noir comedy ...
... generally comes off as an effective adaptation of Scott Phillips ' admittedly superior novel ...
When a lot of you tell me you want intelligent movies made by adults for adults , you 're asking for movies like this one .
A great cast , a script by Oscar-winning veteran Robert Benton , with Richard Russo , and direction by Harold Ramis still do n't add up to much more than a shrug .
90 % cynicism / 10 % hope , and it 's jammed full of funny performances , dark divergences , and a low-key air of existential angst that you simply do n't see in many multiplex movies . I love this one .
There 's an enjoyably pulpy vibe to The Ice Harvest , aided considerably by the performance of a flame-haired , throaty-voiced Connie Nielsen who vamps it up like a 1940s femme fatale .
Both unfunny and rather gruesome
Robert Benton and Harold Ramis , put on dunce caps and go stand in the corner .
Memo to John Cusack : There 's a thin line between humorous unflappability in the face of strange events , and sleepwalking .
But these moments are few and far between , the majority of the picture nothing more than a nice idea tied to bits and pieces I 've seen far too many times before in far better movies .
A total -LRB- bomb -RRB- , the wrong project for almost everyone involved .
It 's perfectly possible to enjoy The Ice Harvest , just as soon as you recognize it as Harold Ramis ' willful attempt to thwart every expectation he 's built up in his career as a cineplex funster .
... the film 's difficult genre straddling never quite congeals .
Nielsen 's Renata is icy cold in her calculations , and an object lesson in how to play a lethal charmer plausibly without losing any of her erotic appeal . She alone is worth the price of admission .
A film populated by nasty characters who spend nearly 90 minutes doing nasty things to one another . That some of those things are darkly funny helps , but not enough to merit a viewing .
How I wish I had n't seen `` Kiss Kiss Bang Bang '' just days before I saw `` The Ice Harvest . ''
... An enjoyable early Christmas present ...
Another barren black comedy that skates a thin line between bad taste and gift-wrapped stupidity .
Feels too much like Coen Brothers Lite -- and it 's too busy nailing down the cynicism to worry too much about the quirkiness that tends to make the Coens ' work palatable .
As an exercise in neo-noir , the film is surprisingly inert , and as a dark comedy , it fails to offer many laughs .
Viewers are likely to leave this movie not having laughed as much as they expected , not having gotten as many thrills as they hoped for and ambivalent to the experience .
The Ice Harvest delivers a nice mix of humor , tension , and seediness .
The comedy in The Ice Harvest comes in shades of dark and darker . That 's my kind of humor .
The film 's various elements lump together like so many strippers at a Christmas Party % u2013 clearly anomalous but trying to present a cohesive front .
The Ice Harvest is like Sin City without the bold style and crooked smile , disgorging grisly bloodbaths without drawing artful things out of them .
... a thriller that 's not very thrilling but is as violent as the best of them .
Casting Cousin Eddie as a Mob heavy is the least of Harvest 's comic genuius .
-LSB- T -RSB- he tired heist concept is considerably enlivened by excellent casting and behind-the-camera pedigree .
-LSB- T -RSB- here 's little to laugh at .
Ramis keeps the action moving at a good pace , but his film lacks the manic menace of Fargo .
Delightfully seedy outing involves cold cash , hot women , cruel betrayal and Christmas Eve .
The Ice Harvest is supposed to be a thriller with dark comic elements , but the movie stops being entertaining fairly early on , and none of its characters is even remotely likable .
It 's not a good movie , but it is one that provides guilty relief for a dad or mom sick of watching The Santa Clause for the umpteenth time .
The Ice Harvest is n't a subversive piece of work ; it 's not making some grand statement about the dark side of the holiday spirit . But what it is saying in its grimly funny way is that we ca n't always control the timing of our disasters .
Make no mistake : This is an R-rated , mean-spirited movie for which Christmas makes a great backdrop , but only if you really hate Christmas . If not , It 's A Wonderful Life is sure to be playing somewhere .
The movie twinkles sardonically , like the eyes of the Grinch when Chuck Jones animates the character 's most cunning , twisted smile .
-LSB- E -RSB- xactly the kind of bitter black burlesque that goes down real smooth at holiday time ...
The Ice Harvest may not be as bad as a lump of coal in your stocking , but it is n't as exciting as a new pair of socks either .
Helps puts the nasty back in Christmas .
Joltingly , brazenly nasty ... Ramis and company do an admirable job in evoking and honoring the old-pulp-novel darkness . They just ca n't wholly embrace it .
... black and dry and unleavened by uplift .
Few cinematic experiences are more depressing than a black comedy that is n't funny .
Starts with great scripting & a sweet quirky tension that sets the film skating . Unfortunately , the writing cracks and all breaks through the ice . Platt performs strongly .
Billed as a dark comedy , ` The Ice Harvest ' contains little to laugh at . But it 's packed with the elements fans of film noir enjoy -- sex , violence , money and betrayal
Manages to entertain , even if it does leave you feeling unsatisfied .
A morose , unhappy , sometimes depressing flick .
The Ice Harvest has talent to spare in front of the camera , but is n't nearly as smart or sharp as it would like to be .
As Charlie careens between feeling brash and tentative , he follows the usual noiry hero 's route , descending though he knows better .
This often macabre comedy ... allows us to doff such civilized traits as taste and decency .
Funny , tense , and exceedingly well made ...
Given that pedigree , it 's all the more disappointing that this movie falls flat .
How about something a little nasty for the holidays ? Harold Ramis ' take on crime writer Scott Phillips ' hard-boiled yuletide noir may be just what Santa ordered .
As a feel-bad holiday comedy , The Ice Harvest sometimes recalls Thornton 's own Bad Santa , though it 's never as outrageously funny , and Thornton does n't get nearly as much to do .
Ice Harvest , sir , is no Groundhog Day .
In my movie fridge , The Ice Harvest packs in far beneath Iceman , The Ice Storm and The Iceman Cometh . It suffers freezer burn even below Ice Palace and Ice Station Zebra .
This is strictly B-movie fare .
A surprising misfire on all counts ...
-LSB- A -RSB- s an antidote to the sugary confections of the season , its hung-over cynicism works wonders .
-LSB- T -RSB- here is no center in Ice Harvest , only Cusack 's character , a man whose disinterested surface conceals nothing .
-LSB- A -RSB- woefully miscalculated , distressingly unfunny dark comedy in the Grifters mold .
After Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang , it 's the year 's second-best Christmas thriller .
The film is bitter from start to finish , a one-note fable of greed and loathing shellacked in sleaze .
Crammed with barflies , strippers and assorted reprobates , The Ice Harvest easily takes the honors as this holiday season 's biggest and dirtiest lump of coal .
The Ice Harvest is a treat for everyone who hates holidays .
-LSB- A -RSB- heist movie that mistakes bad taste for laughs .
The Ice Harvest aims to be a comedy crime caper that 's light as a bubble , but too many crooks spoil the froth .
... seems slight and underdeveloped .
-LSB- G -RSB- enerates more nervous smiles than belly laughs ...
The Ice Harvest is as smooth as a dry martini , and it 's an unalloyed pleasure to behold Cusack and Thornton playing off each other .
It 's neither convincing -- nor , just as importantly clever -- in pulling off its thriller story line , and it 's not funny enough to sustain your interest , save for its hilariously chaotic 20-minute middle section .
-LSB- T -RSB- his immensely pleasurable , unrepentantly nasty little number was probably pitched in some Hollywood boardroom as a cross between Bad Santa and Fargo .
-LSB- A -RSB- lightweight Bad Santa .
... a nihilistic , bloody , violent , vain attempt at a humorous noir without humor .
What does Billy Bob Thornton have against Christmas ?
The Ice Harvest is surely the most bracing , opposite-of-gooey holiday picture to appear since Bad Santa ...
Ramis proves here that he can dish sleaze as well as any B-movie director . Why he would want to is the biggest mystery surrounding The Ice Harvest .
Dreaming of a black -LRB- comedy -RRB- Christmas ? Check out this deliciously dark thriller , an icy antidote to warm-fuzzy holiday flicks .
The Ice Harvest is indeed a cold movie , and aside from a few nice wise-cracking death scenes , it never really does pick up any heat .
Almost none of it will stay with you ... wait to rent it .
... Ice Harvest does not take itself seriously and at least provides an amusing respite from the forced cheeriness of the season .
Ice Harvest slides through an unsatisfying limbo , neither funny nor dramatic enough to make much of an impact .
The Ice Harvest is too tepid to have much taste either way , and it ends up lulling us to apathy .
Ramis gives this twisted thriller the grim irony Quentin Tarantino and his followers boast of , but do n't understand .
The Ice Harvest is a hearty hued anti-jovial , though oddly not anti-humorous , Christmas neo-Noir that 'll have you giggling with morbid glee , and properly cringing where need be !
The movie , directed by Harold Ramis , finds a balance between the goofy and the gruesome .
This Harvest yields nothing but chaff .
Bumptiously entertaining .
Neither funny enough nor black enough , The Ice Harvest is a lazy , haphazard picture that spins its wheels like a Kia on an icy road .
It 's entirely possible that Billy Bob Thornton and John Cusack phoned in their parts in The Ice Harvest . But in these modern times , they probably e-mailed .
A dark comedy that 's about as far as you can get from the ` warm fuzzy holiday film for the whole family ' .
Cusack on autopilot still means a few moments of winky charm , but they 're few and far between in this cold-to-the-touch affair .
This is entertainment better left to rental so you can get up and get a snack while it plays .
When the comedy wears off , you 're stuck with some heavily dark , strong material .
Ramis might have been onto something had he been able to include less ice and more harvest .
A straightforward , intelligent noir comedy .
Every so often , you encounter a real mind-boggler of a movie , a film that is misguided in nearly every respect , so much so that you wonder why it was ever shot . ` The Ice Harvest ' is one such picture .
Ice Harvest has its laughs , but you may come out of the theater feeling like you need to take a shower .
Zesty enough to make the ol' noir two-step seem worthwhile .
A hodgepodge of uninspired acting , unfocused thematic intentions and flawed storytelling .
Ramis does some of his best work balancing the immoral tone of the plot with biting humor that rises from the situations and not just fitted in as obvious tension relievers .
In many ways , The Ice Harvest is like half of a movie .
... the understated humor is nicely played by Cusack and Thornton ...
a smart and angst-ridden piece of crime existentialism that loses only its nerve , never its brain .
Silly stuff .
Falls into place too little and too late .
This is a rancid lump of coal in the toe of the Christmas stocking of the holiday movie season .
But is it funny ? Yes , for a while .
Oliver Platt is the reason to watch this - every scene he 's in is a winner and few without him are .
The movie builds some suspense around our curiosity about the theft , but we do n't know enough about anything to get involved .
Harold Ramis ' aptly titled The Ice Harvest has the cynicism in spades , but stylistic savoire faire has been replaced by take-no-prisoners boorishness .
A comic noir that feels like a direct-to-DVD movie that could have easily starred Matthew Modine , Dennis Hopper and Gina Gershon .
Good , dirty fun .
The Ice Harvest is an odd twist on the Christmas crime movie and a strangely therapeutic use of the Cusack pout .
Anyone expecting laughs from this dark holiday comedy will be disappointed by this ho-ho-horrible movie .
Smart rather than smart-alecky , it captures the gleefully cynical tone of its models while adding a strain of grim humor that never degenerates into campy spoof .
It 's an anti-Christmas black comedy for every card-carrying Grinch .
The dialog is as wickedly funny as the sets are tackily humorous .
Okay , let me get this straight . These guys rip off $ 2 million in cash from a mob boss and they 're scared of a little ice on the road ?
The Ice Harvest proves that modest , workmanlike film noir need not be accompanied by hipster homages and ironic self-consciousness .
The film never convinces us that its main characters really belong in this seamy world .
Comedy director Harold Ramis achieves a showy , shadowy gang-who-couldn ' t - shoot-straight satire in a The Grifters cross with The Perfect Plan .
A treat for grown up audiences with an ear for sardonic dialogue .











@highlight

The Ice Harvest offers a couple of laughs , but considering the people involved , it should be a lot funnier .