Like Breillat 's debut feature -LRB- `` A Real Young Girl '' -RRB- `` Fat Girl '' is a masterpiece awaiting inspection by audiences open to its meanings and insightful commentary .
One of the most disturbing films I 've ever seen .
-LSB- Features a -RSB- shocking , ambiguous ending .
I first saw Fat Girl upon its original US theatrical release in 2001 . I left the theater exhilarated . Three years on , I feel I had been fooled .
Bold but unrelenting in its depiction of both physical and emotional aggression , Fat Girl will be bracing for those open to its challenges and brutal for those who are n't .
A strange , discomfiting and fascinating film about the horrors of adolescence .
It 's compelling , honest , poignant , somewhat sad and , at the end , very disturbing -- in short , quite a good movie .
For women , especially those who have sisters , it should be a must-see .
While Fat Girl is graphic and shocking , it is a more compelling argument than Romance .
Do n't encourage Breillat by watching her self-indulgent , utterly unenjoyable and shallow little exposé .
The relationship between the girls is the most complicated in the picture , a Gordian knot of affection , resentment , envy , jealousy and intellectual sparring .
Breillat is a skilled director , who has created a troubling film that examines the simple pleasures of the human condition for young people and puts a complex spin on it .
This is not one of -LSB- Breillat 's -RSB- better efforts .
Not subtle and certainly not a film that protects anyone 's sensibilities . For this , and for Catherine Breillat 's understanding of the pain of youth , it 's well worth watching .
Blunt and polarizing , Breillat 's brilliant film captures something so vividly imaginative and compounding in a search for risky titilation at the expense of eager self-discovering teen virgins .
-LSB- Reboux 's -RSB- heartbreaking performance makes the movie quite watchable in spite of its obvious flaws .
Few Hollywood child actors could pull off anything close to what Reboux and Mesquida achieve .
Anais is not an object of pity or fun . She simply is . And after seeing Fat Girl , we understand her why and how .
No other film released so far this year is likely to generate as much discussion afterward .
A bracing antidote/response to the sleazy teen-oriented sex comedies that are churned out on an assembly line by mainstream Hollywood .
Between the scenes of teen-porn that are the film 's main purpose ... Breillat indulges the penchant she showed in Romance for pretentious , idiotic dialogue .
The characters come across with an unnerving sense of psychological realism and act as a flesh-and-blood foil to the allegorical story .
A lovely minor achievement .
In spite of the fact that it 's almost impossible to take your eyes from ` Fat Girl , ' the film ultimately proves disturbingly obvious .
Right up to its jarring final sequence , Fat Girl takes that cafe scene as the basis for a tragicomedy that plays out in delicately telling terms .
If a movie bugs me as much as Fat Girl did , it may be because it has something to say that I just did n't want to hear .
a stark story with fully-drawn characters and an ending easily despised but not easily forgotten
Unable to evoke empathy or forestall snickers , particularly once you 've seen it all the way through and reflect on the whole .
A powerful , insightful film that goes disastrously astray in its final few minutes .
It seems to be more of a cautionary tale about the sometimes deadly power of human sexuality .
Something teenagers should be forced to watch , if not just for a lesson on what men will say to get into girls ' pants .
Breillat has fashioned another characteristically raw and honest portrait of sexual relations .
Drenched in nasty cynicism far beyond reason .
In the end the film leaves audiences feeling almost as exploited as Elena herself .
The movie feels the need to contain an unbelievable big surprise whose only obvious purpose is to give viewers something to talk about afterwards .
-LSB- The -RSB- from-left-field conclusion left me feeling cheated by the writer who seems bent on shocking the audience , not `` finishing '' the story .
Thin on plot but stuffed with subtext , providing some very French food-for-thought .
While Breillat 's latest does not exactly qualify as entertainment , it makes the unwatchable something we want dearly to watch .
While I was able to appreciate what Breillat was trying to say regarding sisterhood , adolescence , and sexuality , FAT GIRL was a pain in the butt to sit through .
-LSB- W -RSB- hen I saw this movie I was kind of mad at the way things had this arbitrary development ... That 's what happens in real life . Things happen at random like that and I thought a lot about this movie after I saw it -- days afterwards , a week afterwards .
`` Fat Girl '' is no pleasure to watch , yet haunts in retrospect .
Time to let your breath out . The worst movie of 2001 is here .
Exposes the less sexy things that lust can awaken , like viciousness , deceit and amoral longing .
Fat Girl is uncompromising and unforgiving , but ultimately more self-destructive than any of its characters .
You are left with a sense of wonder at Breillat 's need to punish and inflict pain on both her characters and her audience .
It 's time for writer-director Catherine Breillat to spring for a therapist and stop inflicting her rape fantasies and sexual self-esteem issues on the movie-going public .
Represents one of the most honest and unvarnished looks at the harsh side of being a teenager since Todd Solondz 's Welcome to the Dollhouse .
Get over the numb shock that accompanies the end credits , give yourself some distance from it and you may actually appreciate the complex machinations behind Breillat 's brave , troubled work .
Bullies us into feeling shock and horror by utilizing a perverse touch that ultimately exploits instead of explaining .
Examines the world of budding female sexuality with a psychological precision that cuts to the core .
Few movies have so effectively conveyed the alienation of adolescence , and the way children can be driven almost mad by their separation from life and love .
There is a jolting surprise in discovering that this film has free will , and can end as it wants , and that its director can make her point , however brutally .
Whether in anger or in awe , or some combination thereof , it will knock you for a loop .
Though more humane in tone than much of Breillat 's work , A Ma Soeur ! still digs deeply into some ugly corners of human sexuality , with devastating results .
Not a fun night out at the movies , but it has the weight of the broken wall , the burning roof and tower of personal violation and the rites of womanhood .
For French filmmaker Catherine Breillat , relations between men and women are as dangerous as a minefield , and she observes them with a rigorous detachment tempered by a reticent compassion and flashes of spiky humor .
The ending kind of ruined the film for me . Yet this astounding misstep can not erase the insightful and courageous work that comes before it .
Tough , pitiless and maybe more than some audiences will be able to bear , but brilliant all the same .
An unflinching , remarkably honest filmmaker has given us a terrifying glimpse into some misadventures of the mind and the flesh you wo n't soon forget .
The sex in Fat Girl is ... an all-consuming , character-defining process of sorting through emotions and attitudes that convincingly perplexes these girls .
An absolute stunner .
Disturbing and disjointed .
Draws out the tensions and the competitiveness between the two adolescent sisters but steps over the line with a shocking and gratuitously violent finale .
Fat Girl 's final third represents such a bizarre shift in tone that , at first , it feels capricious . But Breillat carefully seeds what comes before it with subtle clues of what is to come .
A frank and startling feature that is hard to stomach but harder still to forget .
The movie is hard and implacable , but worth seeing .
It 's a good thing we 've got a year until summertime lures us to the dangers of the idyllic again .
A viciously insightful examination of the ways in which the bond between two teenage sisters is tested when they begin to realize just how powerful and double-edged a weapon beauty is , and how cruel the consequences of its unequal distribution can be .
Reboux 's extraordinary performance conveys Anaïs 's mixture of precocious insight , animal canniness and vulnerability so powerfully that it ranks among the richest screen portrayals of a child ever filmed .
So daring and unsparing in its depiction of the psyche and experience of adolescent girls that it 's hard to imagine an audience that would n't find it deeply provocative despite a slow pace .
A lean , mean movie , and not a pretty one , but it leaves no question as to Breillat 's angular originality as a filmmaker .
As fascinating as it is discomfiting and as intelligent as it is primal .
Ultimately , the events in Fat Girl feel more like they are chosen to justify a skewed feminist polemic rather than developing from an organic story .
A solid coming-of-age story embracing a girl of 12 who is younger , fatter , and wiser -LRB- though less experienced -RRB- than her older sister .
Fit for a ghoul 's night out .
Catherine Breillat 's vision is so deceptively tranquil that love becomes indistinguishable from rape .
Well acted and directed , with honest , gutsy performances from the young leads and a telling eye for the little details that mean so much .








@highlight

The controversial Fat Girl is an unflinchingly harsh but powerful look at female adolescence .