You just feel you 've been conned by a cheap trick , and an old one at that .
For reasons still unknown , Shyamalan wrote the dialogue this stiffly , and instructed his performers to act like they 'd never said words or interacted with each other before .
The Happening is his first hilariously awful film .
Wahlberg is atrocious , as wooden as the trees terrorising him .
At first , a great deal happens , then nothing much happens for quite some time , then something so underwhelming happens that one is left wondering , ` Did that really just happen ? '
Horror film is long on peril , but thin on plot .
Shot in the inimitable Shyamalan lugubriousness
Shyamalan sve lo % u0161ije reagira na gubitak statusa holivudskog bo % u017Eanstva
Seeing The Happening is like going on an outing with an earnest person , who happens to be a drunk . Every time it starts to make sense , it slurs its speech and starts dropping things -- such as coherence and credibility .
More than anything , what bothers me about it is a sense of cheapness that ... centrally comes from a concept mainly built for shock value .
Undoubtedly M. Night Shyamalan 's weakest thriller to date ...
While not as laughable as the narcissistic Lady in the Water , it fails just as miserably as narrative and even more miserably with its flat characters and tone deaf dialogue .
-LSB- A -RSB- n astonishment , so idiotic in conception and inept in execution that , after seeing it , one almost wonders whether it was real or imagined .
It 's a great idea . A silent , unknown killing machine knocking people off while a science teacher tries to figure out why . But it just did n't work .
Shyamalan 's latest is an improvement , but a full-fledged comeback ai n't happening .
Shyamalan is a master at a visual iconic moment - but the `` filler '' -LRB- you might have learned about it in English class by this name : `` story '' -RRB- gets weaker and weaker every film .
The M. Knight brilliance is there in quick jolts of suspense and terror , but those moments are the exception in this otherwise flat little thriller .
Shyamalan 's religious ideas are a lot like Bush 's : Nearly theology free .
M. Night Shyamalan offers up low-intensity thrills that fail to match the shivery shudders of his best work -LRB- THE SIXTH SENSE , SIGNS -RRB- . His patented approach - mixing domestic drama with horror - plays out on a much larger canvas .
It is the first film of his career that feels incompetent and utterly gratuitous at times .
Shyamalan creates another urban myth with this slow burning thriller . But it never quite comes to life , due to stiff directing and acting
Usually Shyamalan can hide his limitations as a screenwriter behind his skill as a director . Here , that skill fails him as well , and the whole movie falls apart .
Un nuevo fiasco de M. Night Shyamalan , que sigue siendo un director con ideas interesantes -LRB- tanto argumentales como visuales -RRB- pero que necesita urgentemente la ayuda de un buen guionista .
Holy Mother of God ... this is awful .
The Happening is an awful letdown , yet it leaves you with something new , as a gently waving tree -- that classical image of pastoral tranquillity -- mutates into a harbinger of doom .
This major studio release asks the question , how long can you survive on past glories ? Shame on Shyamalan .
-LSB- N -RSB- owhere near the level of The Sixth Sense , and not quite as good as the subsequent Unbreakable , Signs , and The Village , but at least it suggests that the awfulness of Lady in the Water may have been an aberration .
Shyamalan 's ideas might have more impact in a half-hour ` Twilight Zone ' episode , where they would be shorn of some of the pretensions that seem to be mandatory in the feature-length work of a one-time Best Director Oscar nominee .
It 's hard to believe that at one time Shyamalan was being touted as the next Steven Spielberg by Newsweek magazine , but if things keep going the way they are now , Uwe Boll might end up being a better comparison . And boy is that depressing .
Mark Wahlberg 's sturdy performance saves The Happening from becoming a protracted Saturday Night Live spoof of M. Night Shyamalan movies .
I 'm shaking my head now like a caring teacher grading a poor assignment written by a bright student .
There are some creepy moments but overall The Happening is a bit of a non-event .
Whether or not you 'll like The Happening might very well depend on how much you like apocalyptic scenarios in your movies . I love 'em , myself . Show me an ad for a lurid doomsday flick and I want to be there opening day , right down front .
Might be perceived by some as all peaches and cream for entertainment value even if everything else about it is not happening .
... some nice creepy moments -- but other moments , and more , of -LRB- presumably -RRB- unintended humor .
Other than its ripe possibility for mockery , I can not think of anything that makes the film really worthwhile .
When a movie 's best bit arrives during the closing credits , we 're all in trouble .
Only half good cinema , seemingly the result of its maker 's stunted belief/determination in both himself and his audience .
A better title for M. Night Shyamalan 's The Happening would be Nonsense . It 's like an amusement park ride that has no reason for being -- and no meaning -- besides visceral excitation . Only difference is that The Happening is n't fun .
The slight premise , coupled with some very bad performances by the cast as well as a screenplay filled with ham-fisted dialogue makes for a film that 's not scary and borders on being ridiculous at times .
For a movie with the potential for so much global-warming electricity , it 's disappointingly low on voltage .
What you end up with is a cross between Roland Emmerich 's The Day After Tomorrow and Shyamalan 's Signs .
S칩 podemos deduzir que o pr칩ximo projeto de Shyamalan ser치 melhor do que este Fim dos Tempos porque sabemos que ele -LRB- ou qualquer outro cineasta -RRB- dificilmente seria capaz de fazer algo pior .
Rather than -LSB- the R-rating -RSB- being an opportunity-opening device for writer/director Shyamalan to pull out of his toolbox , the graphic violence that got him that rating is more like a monkey wrench .
Nothing ` happening ' here
I did find myself caught up in Shyamalan 's apocalyptic world for a time -- before some really bad dialogue or acting would shake me out of it .
A monster movie desperately seeking a monster , M. Night Shyamalan 's The Happening does n't make sense , much less The Sixth Sense .
It 's engrossing one minute and stupefying the next , off and on , off and on , for ninety minutes .
For Night , The Happening is a little blip on his career flatline . The guy just may pull through .
The true disaster on display in The Happening is Shyamalan 's career hitting rock bottom .
It almost dares you to roll your eyes or laugh at certain scenes that are supposed to be deadly serious . But , you know what , I appreciated this creatively offbeat , daring sci-fi mind-trip .
All that 's missing is the head alien of Plan 9 From Outer Space dropping by to lecture the populace for disrespecting nature : ` Your stupid minds ! Stupid ! Stupid ! '
` There are forces at work beyond our understanding , ' says Wahlberg . ` Especially beyond my understanding , if you include virtually every force at work . '
Maybe Shyamalan did n't mean for The Happening to be exciting and dramatic : perhaps the writer-director intended the film to be an exercise in sucking all the life and emotion out of fictional characters .
A numbing polemical morality tale in dreary doomsday thriller clothing , this dull downer for all its mass panic attack high alert mode , may be more effective in unintentionally boring people to death .
... a minor , not quite successful film , but for M. Night Shyamalan - whose career has been circling the drain for some time now - it 's a step back from the abyss .
Shyamalan 's direction always seems so serious that it 's easy to imagine he may be screwing up when he draws laughs , but I 'd lay down money that many of these were deliberate .
If Shyamalan wanted to commit career suicide he could n't have chosen a more likely vehicle than this laugh inducing ` thriller . '
What 's more annoying than when a mediocre movie constantly males allusions to much better pictures ? I know , it 's when you wait an hour and a half for a solution this pathetic .
Ouch . ` Lady in the Water ' was a dud . And for its ghastliness , filmmaker M. Night Shyamalan took one to the chin . He got back up again , though , to make ` The Happening . ` This one 's gon na hurt .
Someday someone will stop bankrolling Shyamalan 's dumb dreams and keep this kind of tripe from happening .
... M. Night desperately needs to find that special someone whose opinion he 'll listen to when they say , ` No ! BAD writer-producer-director ! NOT a good idea ! '
The film does manage to build some tension , since the survival of the group remains in question right up to the end .
` The Happening ' works in early spurts , but apparently Shyamalan ran out of ideas once he came up with his uniquely insidious killer .
Works as an effective and brutally horrifying antithesis to the usual explosive summer fare ...
There 's never an ounce of suspense , mystery , or surprise .
Another case of elegant filmmaking kneecapped by a thunderingly stupid concept .
Shyamalan 's essentially made a sociopathic movie .
` The Happening ' may not be M. Night Shyamalan 's best movie , but it 's his most provocative one .
Lacks scares , wit , humor and acting , and Zooey Deschanel , alas , has lost her cuteness .
It 's clear that a once creative director is now running out of fumes , trying extremely hard to find something that has n't been done before . The result is laughable .
Where the hell is Act III ?
While there are certainly ideas behind it , the film lacks the bloated self-importance that plagued the director 's last two efforts . This time , Shyamalan seems content merely to entertain us , and that 's enough .
The Happening suggests -LSB- Shyamalan 's -RSB- -LRB- con -RRB- artist 's touch is waning a bit .
On a brighter note , the Wayans brothers have new material to make Scary Movie 5 .
A creepy cautionary eco-thriller than neither cautions nor thrills . Instead of being full of dread , it 's just dreadful .
I 'm always amused by the sort of backlashes that Shyamalan is in right now . Well , M. Night Shyamalan makes vague , subtle fantasy thrillers . If you 've outgrown it , do n't blame him .
If you 're in the mood for an absurd film that alternates between boring and comedy , this is the movie for you .
M. Night Shyamalan 's worst film .
It 's an interesting premise for a doomsday thriller , but Shyamalan botches it from the get-go .
Trying to understand the thought process of writer and director M. Night Shyamalan is akin to analyzing Jell-O . What keeps it wiggling and what binds it together ? This particular circumstance also had an Alfred Hitchcock vibe .
just damned creepy
Feeble gust of an environmental horror story .
Woeful clunker of a paranoid thriller .
A patchy , uninspired eco-thriller whose R rating -LRB- a first for Shyamalan -RRB- looks more like a B.O. hindrance than an artistic boon .
Shyamalan tries to give the events a scientific underpinning . But his logic is spotty , so what are meant to be eerie moments are not convincing .
Both silly and preachy .
Shyamalan seems to have lost his sense of the fine line between the disturbingly grotesque and the outright ridiculous . The film even seems to be a parody of the scientific method .
Shyamalan movies demand that you surrender to his way of telling stories . If you 're up for that , you should go .
The whole solemn concoction is preposterous and not always in a fun way -- even at 99 minutes ' running time , the movie provides plenty of opportunities for watch-consultation in the dark .
The screenplay is a mess , filled with unfunny moments of intended humor and funny moments of unintended humor .
In a Hollywood summer otherwise dominated by comic-book superheroes , blazing action spectacles , snickering teen sex comedies and computer-generated fantasy , M. Night Shyamalan 's The Happening is something different -- and a pleasant surprise .
It 's an entertaining movie , which is half the game , but it 's not scary , which it should be . Neither is it something to be taken seriously , though it 's intended to be .
Shyamalan 's such an eager recycler , grinding out the same ideas and images again and again . The man who showed such promise less than a decade ago has been leaving a diminishing creative footprint ever since .
The story essentially stops moving midway through . All that 's going to occur , in terms of building any true dramatic tension , already has happened by this point .
We do n't care . It does n't matter if they live or die , if there 's a happy ending , or some kind of twist . The Happening is a movie to walk out of , sleep through , or -- best of all -- not to bother with .
The plot is absurdly preachy and illogical , and the dialogue uneven , with stinging lines followed by stinkers .
Executed in bland and remote fashion , with little in the way of compelling suspense , mystery or directorial craft . Think of the worst Spielberg thriller or one of Hitchcock 's dull late career works .
If Shyamalan 's ever going to do something different then he should have made something manic , dark and twisted . But that 's not Happening .
There 's a long tradition of receiving messages from burning bushes , but jiggling bushes are not to be trusted , and neither are filmmakers who ask us to shiver in their leafy midst .
Not a complete return to form -LRB- by far -RRB- , but also not a failure . Let 's be fair -- this is the best film Shyamalan has put out in years .
No one will watch any of Shyamalan 's recent films twice . A movie that features Wahlberg suggesting everyone try to outrun the wind can barely be watched once .
The final explanation , which comes as no surprise , is more preposterous than profound . If you want to see a scary movie about humans wreaking havoc on their planet , watch An Inconvenient Truth instead .
The attention paid to -LSB- Wahlberg and Deschanel 's -RSB- piddling relationship woes vs. the entire fate of humanity is absurd . We never feel persuaded that they have a bond , much less invested in seeing them patch it up .
Wahlberg turns in one of his worst performances ever , but then he 's saddled with preposterous scenes -LRB- like one where he tries to placate a ficus -RRB- and such lame lines as `` Could this really be happening ? '' Funny , I was wondering the same thing myself .
A subtle , measured work , which means there will be many who find it dull and pointless .
It 's creepy , silly fun . And if it came from anyone else , it would be recognized as such . One thing is certain : The man has n't lost his ability to entertain .
Basically it 's a half-hour Twilight Zone episode blown up to feature length .
Nobody gets the time or the treatment to become a character you 'd actually care about , which makes the general planet-in-peril theme of the movie kind of moot .
No mere actor could possibly escape the toxic dialogue oozing from M. Night 's pen -- that 's merciless .
It 's downright stupid .
The shock value wears off quickly and writer-director Shyamalan strands us in a boring cautionary tale with an infantile eco-message about humanity needing to live in harmony with nature -- or else .
Mr. Shyamalan is plagued by a bad case of Robin Williams Syndrome , characterized by a desire to inspire and change the world through mediocre entertainment 칙 '' in this case , accompanied by ample and frequently creative bloodshed .
If this was the movie to rescue the reputation of self-styled genius Shyamalan after the disaster of Lady in the Water , then it 's back to the old drawing board .
Shyamalan 's approach is more effective than smash-and-grab plot-mongering . His use of the landscape is disturbingly effective . The performances by Wahlberg and Deschanel bring a quiet dignity to their characters .
A comeback for the director , but not quite enough of one ... an almost equal combination of genuine creepiness and absolute foolishness .
... bad in more than just an everyday , sure-does-suck kind of way .
The film becomes less comprehensible as it goes along , and the audience -- expecting a patented M. Night ending -- is left with no answers , explanation , or narrative closure .
It 's also a bit sneaky of Shyamalan to set us up for a paranoid 9/11 thriller and then go all Greenpeace on us . He 's trying to be socially conscious but he does n't have the reformist 's temperament . He has the temperament of a self-infatuated messiah .
You feel like you 're not watching the end of the world but the end of a career .
Shyamalan wants the rustling of wind through greenery to evoke the same shudders in The Happening that the gathering of birds did in Hitchcock 's The Birds
The greatest excuse yet to get that anti-M . Night petition started . The last thing we want is a future of Shyamalan films with the knowledge that we all could have done something sooner .
Shyamalan crafts a somewhat chilling cautionary tale ; it just might have been more chilling if he had been a little less cautious .
M. Night Shyamalan has morphed from `` the next Spielberg '' to a punching bag for critics and audiences alike . The Happening reminds us why .
Shyamalan 's latest film is the first in a long time that I ca n't defend .
If what audiences are looking for is a thrill ride , or even a pervasive eeriness , The Happening 's just not happening .
The Happening features an effectively stylized physical environment : rarely have clouds drifting overhead and wind blowing through trees and a sunny day been filmed so ominously .
The Happening is a film of such shockingly appalling writing , dreadful acting and ham-fisted , ungainly execution that it plays better as a comedy than the thriller it was meant to be .
An impressive thriller which acknowledges the mystery that lies behind the marvels and the terrors of the natural world .
Bad and weird .
Another disappointment from M , despite some disturbing violence and chilly moments .
The movie is a bummer , from beginning to end .
A tantalising , sometimes frustrating parable about the menaces that human beings might face from unexpected quarters .
Maybe Shyamalan has been plugged into those other worlds for too long . Judging from what is on offer here , he needs to become more acquainted with the emotional language of this one .
While hardly his worst work , this film is so far off his high water mark that it begs the question of whether M. Night Shyamalan will ever truly return .
If you have seen the trailers online or on T.V. , you can just save your money and wait for the rental on this one . All of the best moments are in the promos .
Nothing happens . Shyamalan has finally taken an ax to his Golden Goose .
Minor Shyamalan , but still well worth seeing .
Suicide bland .
The Happening quickly deteriorates into the worst movie of M. Night Shyamalan 's career ... and that 's saying something .
The actors try and fail to look terrified at things that simply are n't that terrifying to look at , unless you are one of those people who considers `` Days of Heaven '' to be a relentless excursion in gut-wrenching horror .
But here 's the real shocker , the statement that will blow all of your minds ... this is one movie that you will be hoping for a twist ending !
In many ways , this ecological horror epic is one of the single nastiest and downright terrifying pieces of popular entertainment I 've seen in ages .
M. Night Shyamalan is one of the most talented film-makers working today . But he seems to be running out of ideas .
one of the worst attempts at end-of-the-world ominousness since the Robot Holocaust battled the Ninja Apocalypse
After the insufferably dense mermaid mythology of Lady in the Water , Shyamalan clearly wanted to keep things simple . He whizzed straight past simple to simplistic .
The Happening is a divertingly goofy thriller with an animistic bent , moments of shivery and twitchy suspense and a solid lead performance from Mark Wahlberg .
The movie is so inept in terms of coherent , cohesive storytelling and in some other filmmaking aspects that it deserves to be laughed off the screen .
Basically a junior version of sci-fi disaster films ranging from The War of the Worlds -LRB- 1953 -RRB- to last year 's The Mist
The suicides are mostly very originally staged and creepy as hell ... Mark Wahlberg is OK , but a scene where he ` forgives ' his wife 's indiscretion is just plain weird , as is Zooey Deschanel throughout .
Shyamalan is far better at setup than payoff , and the Sixth Sense director 's latest once and for all cements that reputation .
a cold pastiche , neither bloody enough to attract the crowd that hankers for that sort of thing , nor smart enough to attract the crowd that hankers for that
Happening promises a change of pace , but the magic only lasts for a few moments , then it 's all open acre isolation , media blackouts , and mysterious threats with extended , mouth-agape pauses .
There are scattered moments of craft throughout , but the gulf between his lofty aspirations and feeble accomplishments has seldom been wider or more chuckle-inducing .
Shyamalan 's still trying to take the story seriously-this is , horror of horrors , a message film-but his atypically unmeasured direction is all shock and no awe .
Were the first 45 minutes of The Happening not as rattlingly effective as they are , one could chalk the film up as mediocre . There is such untapped potential , though , that the dishonest places Shyamalan chooses to take his audience are maddening .
You know those meringue cookies that look so tempting on bakery shelves , the ones that evaporate moments after you pop them in your mouth and leave only the vaguest , unmemorable taste behind ? That 's The Happening .
The Happening stutter-steps its way in this direction and that to a disappointing ending .
Portraying moments of drama and danger with a Hitchcockian lack of ceremony , Shyamalan 's mundane depictions of tragedy create a quiet but weighty resonance .
For all his complaints recently about being misunderstood , it seems it 's Shyamalan who simply does n't get us .
This would all seem like a deliberate , self-parodying joke if it were n't coming from a filmmaker with no sense of humor whatsoever .
As for The Happening , his throwback horror flick that plays like The Birds meets The Blob , it 's beyond good and evil . It 's dumbfounding .
There seem to be a lot of people gunning for Philadelphia 's own M. Night Shyamalan , and The Happening will give them more ammo .
The Happening wants to scare us without providing a cause -- a trick only Hitchcock has managed .
Instead of shocks , we get moments of tension , suspense and violence between stretches of running scared . Nothing wrong with that , except that the stretches are awfully long in places . And in the end , it all comes to not much .
Excluding moments of chilling effectiveness , this could fairly be called his worst film . Even his saving grace of keen directorial acumen visibly loses cohesion on screen .
Writer-director M. Night Shyamalan 's eco-thriller starts with a clever premise and degenerates into spooky atmospherics , portentous pacing and stiff dialogue .
Somewhere in The Happening there 's a great movie struggling to break free . The concept is fantastic ... but poor dialogue combined with even worse performances make for a disappointing and frustrating 90 minutes of film .
mia ap ' tis pio akompses , proheires kai hontrokommenes doyleies poy mporeis na petyheis se aithoysa
It 's a shame that the movie is such a tonal failure , because it does many other things right .
The movie demonstrates a smart movie geek 's obsession with the rhythms and gory details of horror storytelling , undermined by a pompous insistence on spiritual lessons of the tritest kind .
One-hit-wonder M. Night Shyamalan further galvanizes the nickname given him by his detractors -LRB- `` Shyamalama-ding-dong '' -RRB- with yet another pretentious movie .
The movie seems more like a '50s science fiction film of extreme paranoia or an episode of `` The Twilight Zone '' that even at a swiftly paced 90 minutes feels padded .
Effective nonsense , chilling nonsense , occasionally wrenching nonsense .
Shhht . Do n't say it out loud , but we actually kinda liked M. Night Shyamalan 's latest movie ...
Sadly for Mr. Shyamalan , the ideas that have been coming to him since his brilliant first hit The Sixth Sense are progressively worthy of less merit and more deserving of ridicule .

@highlight

The Happening begins with promise , but unfortunately descends into an incoherent and unconvincing trifle .