A spoof on spy movies that generates few laughs but scores high for being bizarre .
On some subterranean level , it 's a study of how celebrity agents can coerce a talented veteran actor into participating in one of the most painfully unfunny comedies ever made .
-LSB- Is it -RSB- good ? Heavens , no . But it has its seedy charms .
Comedians like Will Ferrell , Jack Black and Ben Stiller can get away with lesser material because just looking at them can elicit laughs . Dan Fogler is not in that category .
i straight to DVDila poy soy myrize stin proheirotita toy montaz kai tis skinothesias , kapelonei olo to synolo mehri to bareto finale
A horrendously written and acted movie which even Walken ca n't save .
A daft , disappointing comedy .
This comedy raises the odd laugh , largely from an absurd appearance by Christopher Walken as a sinister martial-arts kingpin villain .
It 's a hodge-podge of Enter The Dragon and Blades Of Glory , yet infinitely worse than either . In short , a film about bouncing balls with the bounce of an anvil .
Cut a ping-pong ball in half , draw a large black dot in the centre of each then carefully insert around your eye-sockets - you 'll raise more laughs than this film manages .
Enter The Dragon meets Shaolin Soccer meets Dodgeball - just with infinitely smaller balls . A camp turn from Christopher Walken astounds but it 'll be funnier if you wait for the DVD and lubricate it with a six-pack . Or three .
CGI-assisted ping pong and lame gags about dead pandas , simpering homos and ` Antiques Roadshow ' .
Balls of Fury is n't quite as funny as it thinks it is , but there are some good gags and it 's worth seeing for Christopher Walken 's performance .
Bad acting , writing and jokes ... Apart from a few funny gags that save this from one-star ignominy .
It 's good natured enough , but laughs are thin on the ground .
In perhaps the movie 's sole bit of irony , it completely lacks what it boasts so furiously -- balls .
crap
A good-natured , easy-to-take goof .
There are just enough interesting characters , along with dozens of fresh ideas relating to ping-pong , to keep the audience along for the ride .
Slapstick ping-pong comedy has very slight bounce .
Ancient Chinese saying : tiny ball with no laugh , make bad movie .
Thank you . Try again .
Is there anything dumber than a dumb ping pong joke ?
... the film is almost worth seeing for one reason : Walken , who , at this point in his career , just lights up everything he 's in , no matter how lame .
It 's like a ` Saturday Night Live ' skit stretched out to a cheesy , mind-numbing 90 minutes .
Go see something else .
The last must-see comedy of the summer .
Try as he might , Director Garant can not bring a winning performance out of this summertime silliness . Ping pong remains in disfavor as of the dog days of August .
Super BAD !
Without a particularly funny nor compelling lead , the hits in the already scattershot script are weakened , to say nothing of the misses .
This movie is deadly .
Steer clear of Balls of Fury for as long as you draw breath . Period .
In spite of what 's its title suggests , `` Balls of Fury '' is n't a sex comedy . The balls of fury here are ping-pong balls , and they disappoint .
no joke is too stale , no set-up too contrived , and no standard too low
A breakout role for Dan Fogler , who comes across as a combination of Johns Belushi and Candy , exhibiting the former 's unbounded enthusiasm , and the latter 's ever-endearing charm . Just remember to check your brain at the box-office .
Look , it could have been worst if the premise involved yak racing so we need to thank our lucky stars ... -LSB- this -RSB- paddle-swinging piece of piffle leaves much to be desired .
An Enter the Dragon parody ? Really ? Did it take 34 years to come up with a really good premise ?
In one scene , co-star Christopher Walken is very clearly reading from cue cards .
A top contender for the summer 's worst comedy ...
The shtick grows a bit repetitive , so by the end of the story you may be checking the time rather than rooting for Randy .
While it 's sporadically amusing , Balls of Fury scores fewer points for humor than it could have .
Thank god somebody remembers how to do comedy . It 's really simple . If you 're doing really silly things , you have to play them totally straight . That 's the only way it works .
It 's a shame that a movie with so many genuinely funny and talented people involved was n't better .
Both ` Balls ' and ` Rush Hour 3 ' include scenes in which the lead characters walk gingerly because of an unfortunate , um , butt circumstance ; yet such lowbrow antics are much easier to take in the movie that DID N'T cost $ 140 million .
Imagine if Chris Farley had been a Gremlin ... the good , cute gremlin . Fogler would be what happened after you poured water on him and fed him KFC after midnight .
. . a second rate comedy that too often goes for the cheap laugh , and then fails to get it . -LSB- However -RSB- if you 're very undemanding , you just might have a good time .
Opens without a pulse , fires intermittent blanks throughout , musters up momentum with a silly sense of humor that eventually , just barely , wins over its audience .
I ca n't say that it is some kind of comedy classic or that it even rises above the classification of `` fitfully amusing '' but I will say that I found myself laughing more often than I might have imagined possible
It 's high camp and silly , but not nearly funny enough to drive the audience to frequent bouts of laughter .
Director and co-writer Robert Ben Garant ca n't deliver a single joke without forecasting it .
Just another dumb , lowbrow comedy .
It 's an alternately hilarious and lame movie , but fairly inoffensive if one overlooks some breaches of political correctness and heavy reliance on shots to the groin .
Someone needs to take a paddle to the filmmakers .
It 's never an encouraging sign when a comedy filled with talented pros produces only a single distinct laugh .
The real trouble is that it 's supposed to be an outrageous comedy , but in fact it 's fairly tame and not all that funny .
This is pretty thin soup , but the players are spirited and the jokes generally offbeat .
Just barely goofy enough to sustain its 90-minute running time .
Could a movie that mixes table tennis , spies and kung-fu action star anyone else but Christopher Walken ? Probably not .
Balls Of Fury sweeps across the screen with delightfully wacko one liners per second , locked solidly into the genius premise of ping pong as a girlie game morphed into superjock rivalry between ferocious , sweaty he-men .
This low-level laffer seems set to bounce out of theatres in short order .
While Balls of Fury is slightly more sophisticated in its comic strategies , ` slightly ' remains the operative word .
The surprisingly funny Balls of Fury 's tagline may read , `` A Huge Comedy with Tiny Balls , '' but it has some big , brass ones , too .
A loose string of emaciated ideas that probably cracked up the writer 's room , but on the screen it looks sloppy and unrehearsed .
The concept is kind of funny.Christopher Walken is kind of funny.The only thing wrong with the movie is that it is n't funny , and that 's bad news for a comedy .
Balls of Fury may be fairly specialized -LRB- How many sports-flick/martial arts parodies can you name , off the top of your head ? -RRB- , but even with that weird backhand spin , it scores more than a few points .
relies on so many kicks and blows to the crotch you might think you are watching some sort of strange DVD Mommy and Daddy keep hidden in the bottom of a dresser drawer with a weird leather mask
Balls of Fury is bad , but it 's not really bad , and I suppose that 's a victory of sorts .
Ultimately , it 's a hollow enterprise , all ping and no pong . It does n't bounce ; it splats .
This is a one-joke movie , and it 's a joke that 's been done dozens of times before .
It relies so heavily on these short spurts of cameo comedians to keep the tired plot afloat .
The movie 's big lug of a lead , Dan Fogler ... could be dismissed as a poor man 's Jack Black .
There are laughs in Balls , but not nearly enough of them .
... there are plenty of funny bits , but the movie runs out of ideas long before its end
Ben Garant fumbles the formula he 's mocking , denying us the spectacular and hilarious matches that the story demands .
Christopher Walken has joined the legion of stand-up comics , student actors and bar-stool mimics trolling for laughs by doing bad Christopher Walken impressions .
Something of a surprise , Balls of Fury serves up sports thrills and a good amount of laughter ...
It 's schlocky and tasteless but also good-natured and harmless , and the people who come out to see it will get just what they want : 90 minutes of freewheeling , switch-off-your-brain laughs .
Unfortunately , it loses its sense of humor as it gets more desperate to find its way to the end .
You know the feeling you get from the Apatow comedies that the people who made them are really trying to do their best ? Balls of Fury has the opposite feeling , as if everything was just `` good enough '' .
Everyone in the movie appears to be having a very good time , an attractive quality in a comedy . You may laugh out loud in spite of yourself .
There were more good laughs in Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ' resignation speech than there are in ` Balls of Fury ' ... a smorgasbord of ethnic stereotypes , a few slaps at prissy gays and an excess of weak gags ...
This Ping-Pong-themed spoof of low-budget spy thrillers and martial-arts punchfests gets a few wicked shots in ... but too often finds itself without a paddle .
Balls of Fury is a stupid movie that 's not quite stupid enough , or at least not quite funny enough .
It 's clear that Balls of Fury is trying to be dumb-funny ... But Balls of Fury -- is much dumber than it is funny .
Do n't expect me to explain the rules and purposes of the tournament , if it has any . I was preoccupied with observing the sheer absurdity of everything on the screen ...
No . No . No .
Just another one-joke sketch that goes on forever .
Christopher Walken does not actually show up in Asian drag until halfway through Balls of Fury -- not enough to salvage this mostly unfunny , extremely silly pingpong comedy .
The gags are either obvious , lame , ineptly timed or repeated so many times as to render them devoid of humor .
Nothing original , nothing outrageous .
Insistently ludicrous .
Goodness , gracious , there 's no greatness in Balls of Fury , a lifeless pingpong comedy that ricochets from one flat gag to the next . The only novelty it can boast of is that it 's a sports spoof without Will Ferrell .
Lennon , Garant and Fogler are masters of the prolonged punch line , extending a joke so far that it hits funny , whizzes into the stands , then bounces back . The same , come to think of it , could be said for their movie .
Balls of Fury also scores points , so to speak , for coming up with its own sports context . Talladega Nights had NASCAR . Blades of Glory had the world of figure skating . Ping-Pong has ... rec rooms ?
It may look episodic and disgracefully low-budget in places , but there 's also a theatrical quality in the way scenes are blocked , and punch lines delivered .
The reason Balls of Fury works as well as it does , aside from its low aspirations , is because of the charm of Fogler in the lead .
It 's the kind of comedy that finds Asian people hi-lar-ious because they 're ... Asian . -LRB- Are you laughing yet ? -RRB-
the insanely corny plot should appeal heavily , especially to audiences who grew up on awful late 80s , early 90s action movies starring Jean-Claude Van Damme
Pretty sad , if you ask me , but seeing as how a good portion of the audience found plenty to laugh about maybe my normal critical pings are n't anything to pong home to mother about this time around .
There are ... maybe 13 seconds of laughs in the movie . But , to be honest , they 're good laughs .
Any movie that ends with Christopher Walken joining in a group singalong of ` Pour Some Sugar on Me ' deserves a little love .
Fogler resembles a hybrid of the late John Belushi and ` Superbad ' co-writer and co-star Seth Rogen , with many of the funny parts missing , or at least muted .
It is a pretty remarkable feat when the most memorable thing about a feature-length movie is its vast collection of vintage Def Leppard t-shirts .
... this is two parts Blades of Glory and one part Enter the Dragon , though it 's missing Will Ferrell 's absurd improvisational humor and , well , Bruce Lee .
Right , you guessed it . It is Enter the Dragon with dorks .
Balls of Fury is raunchier and somewhat more imaginative than Hot Rod , and it will be must viewing for Christopher Walken completists .
Too many scenes ... are left to pitter out on screen with the punch-line power of a bad SNL sketch . It 's no wonder that the humor in the film does n't go past jokes about balls .
Has its moments , but a little too often the comedy runs into this problem of starting with the punchline and then chewing it until it runs out of flavor .
How much you 'll enjoy Balls of Fury depends solely on whether you 're into juvenile humor , groin shots , and pratfalls .
When -LSB- the jokes -RSB- should be riotously funny , they 're merely amusing ; when they should at least get a chuckle , they 're just dead spots .
Balls of Fury is intended as a spoof of Enter the Dragon . That 's important to know before walking into it , since it looks more like a spoof of the 80s martial arts spoof Big Trouble in Little China .
Thanks to a sloppy , anemic script and indifferent direction , ` Balls of Fury ' lacks the stones to be genuinely entertaining .
While it 's at times inspired , ultimately , its attempt to play with the conventions of both martial arts and sports films does not congeal into something memorable .
-LSB- Question :] Balls of Fury is a movie about : a . A former table-tennis prodigy enlisted by the FBI to infiltrate the underground Ping-Pong tournament of a legendary Chinese criminal . b. Suppository jokes . c. Nothing worth discussing .
Balls of Fury is precisely the kind of dud that gives a bad name to films opening over the lazy Labor Day weekend .
Funnily enough , though -- and it 's the only thing funny about this dreadful excuse for a comedy -- the movie itself has tiny balls . It 's got no nerve , no guts , no daring ... no balls .
Taking no risks at all while avoiding anything too offensive , Balls of Fury has neither balls nor fury .
Balls of Fury loses some steam as it enters its second half , but it never comes close to derailing thanks to the impressive Ping-Pong action and Walken 's increasingly weird Feng .
This awful slapstick martial-arts tournament send-up is all bad ideas and worse execution .
Martial arts hysteria , ping-pong wit , and even a bevy of gay sex slaves . What 's not to love ?
You wo n't completely despise yourself for enjoying it , but it 's not the non-stop laughfest one might expect .
A juvenile comedy aiming for dumb , obvious humor , Balls of Fury fails horribly as lame spoof of sports films and martial-arts flicks , drifting along with low energy and uninspired shtick .
To put this miscalculation in terms the filmmakers will understand , they do n't Armageddon it .
Relentlessly silly in spoofing martial-arts movie conventions , Balls of Fury has roughly enough laughs for a first-class trailer but wheezes , gasps and finally goes flat through much of its 90 minutes .
It 's the killer pingpong action that ultimately keeps Balls afloat .






@highlight

Tasteless , yet harmless , Balls of Fury nevertheless fails to generate enough laughs despite its lowbrow intentions .