The funniest horror-comedy since , at the very least , The Cabin in the Woods .
Wants you to laugh AT the ridiculousness of their concept , but -LRB- to the film 's credit -RRB- it also gets us to start laughing WITH the movie .
A consistently funny spoof .
Zombeavers is n't as glorious as Sharknado , but that 's only because it 's confined to a smaller area with fewer victims to chew on .
A relentlessly-cheesy B-flick far funnier than it is frightening .
Consider Zombeavers an unexpected , pleasant surprise .
The final 20-30 minutes is the film 's strongest portion , however , because that 's when things unexpectedly go off the rails of convention and into a delightfully weird territory .
Delivers a fair amount of nudity and gore , and a few laughs , and wraps the whole thing up in a brief 77 minutes .
Campy , dumb , silly and outrageous -- the vein of a Roger Corman film .
It 's better than ` Sharknado , ' but that 's not a good enough reason to give Zombeavers a try .
Rubin provides a reasonable sense of mayhem with his tiny , undead stars , only missing a true daredevil instinct when it comes to assembling a jokey nightmare .
It 's just not much of a movie .
An intermittently diverting stew of low-budget effects and potty-mouth humor .
A comedy that sounds much funnier than it actually is .
A film that disgusts , terrifies and tickles in equal measure with grotesque creatures and a sickening sense of humor .
This is a satire that knows when to surprise .
If you sat through the Zombeavers trailer and chuckled at the concept , let me assure you that Jordan Rubin delivers bucktoothed carnage exactly as advertised .
Kkudos to the filmmakers for opting to use practical effects rather than 100 % CGI , which would have been easier to do but also easier for viewers to dismiss out of hand .
Obviously aiming for camp cult status , but unlike the beavers the makers do n't have the chops to pull it off .
The world 's population can safely be divided into two camps : those eager to see a movie called Zombeavers and , well , everyone else . The former may well find themselves satisfied by Jordan Rubin 's feature debut .
Great fun ! The film works as both an original spin on the zombie myth and as a satire of the undead genre 's tropes .
Director Jordan Rubin and the cast know the material is ridiculous , but calibrate the tone so that the dangers still feels dangerous .
A mildly entertaining movie that lacks the beaver bite required of such material .
The title of Zombeavers alone gives potential viewers a pretty good idea of whether they 'd want to see it or not .
It 's clever , witty , and over the top horror comedy that mixes nature run amok movies with the zombie sub-genre .
Zombeavers is both outrageous and genuine ; well , mostly . It takes its simple premise to the furthest possible conclusion , offering laughs , blood and surprises along the way .
-LSB- Jordan -RSB- Rubin and screenwriting partners Al and Jon Kaplan wait too long to unleash their beasties .
Rarely as enjoyable as its title might 've indicated ...
a one-joke film - and the joke is in the title .
If I 'm to be the only one , I 'll jump up and proudly say I 'm on team Zombeaver . It 's some of the most fun I 've had in a theatre all year , and it provides a terrific time if you 'll give it and its hairy creatures a chance to get under your skin .
It may well be something of a one-joke film , but is a great joke and one that gets nicely stretched out , though in admittedly familiar fashion .
This is a movie about zombie beavers , and beaver zombies . What more , exactly , do you need to know ?

@highlight

Zombeavers obviously is n't high art , but it delivers just enough of the gory insanity promised by the title to earn a recommendation for genre fans .