Like any documentary about putting on a show , Full Battle Rattle abounds with mirth-provoking incongruities between the effect aimed for and the means used to achieve it .
Somewhere in the Mohave Desert , the U.S. military maintains a large rural compound that contains several fake Iraqi towns . It 's Disneyland for war games
An entertaining , often very funny , but ultimately revealing and unsettling film about a US Army camp in the Mojave Desert where Iraq War conditions are simulated for training purposes .
A so-so pic on an incendiary subject .
A docu about modern war games in the California desert contains little insight into the Iraq War .
Keeping the style objective and routine , -LSB- co-directors Tony -RSB- Gerber and -LSB- Jesse -RSB- Moss remain non-judgmental of the bizarre carnival they have uncovered .
It is an enlightening lesson in modern warfare .
A keenly insightful film concerning an unusual training program for war-bound U.S. soldiers .
this is such small stakes compared to the real war that the film ca n't help but feel equally unimportant .
If you thought Disneyland was fun , take a trip to this complete simulated Iraqi village in California , and learn how the other half live . And die .
Educational and enlightening .
This increasingly complicated scenario is n't scripted , peace is far from guaranteed and the line between reality and its incredible simulation has a funny way of getting blurry .
On one level , Full Battle Rattle is enjoyable for the theatrics ... On a second level ... is appreciable for what it says about the U.S. military 's involvement in Iraq .
In Full Battle Rattle , the Iraq Simulation and the war are both real and not real , confusing , painful , and horrific , for the refugees working as role players .
Full Battle Rattle works just fine as a two-fisted combat story , with unexpected bursts of violence peppering that old universal message that war is hell . But the added layer of pretense pushes the movie to another level .
One of the many surreal aspects of this fabulously disorienting movie : its representation of an Iraqi heaven that 's an American hell .
Just when I thought I had heard everything about the war in Iraq , along comes Full Battle Rattle .
This documentary gives a remarkably thorough and detailed account of the difficult conditions facing American soldiers in Iraq .
While you may wish the filmmakers had included fewer scenic shots of the sun setting over Californiaâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s high desert and instead played devil 's advocate more often , the impact of Full Battle Rattle stems from its political and ideological neutrality .
The movie fails to become a document of our time and settles for the dopey synthetic version instead .
The more the players throw themselves into their roles , the more the viewer is slowly drawn in .
comes up short , rarely seems to ask any of the tougher questions
Documentary about a billion dollar military training center that simulates Iraqi villages in the middle of the Mohave Desert . About as much of a testimony to the folly of man as the Tower of Babel .
Worthwhile for bringing these war games to light , but the filmmakers probably could have cut together their footage with narration and graphics to make it more interesting .
There 's an irony in the contrast of Iraqi-Americans talking about life in this country and watching the military-industrial complex putting the finishing touches on young emlistees about to ship out to a godforsaken land to kill or be killed .
The film is freaky , amusing , and sickening in equal measures -- part fly-on-the-wall vérité , part multiple-perspective Altmanesque tragicomedy .
Full Battle Rattle often seems content to merely work its way toward the concluding notion that , if our armed forces ca n't cut it in fake Iraq , they 'll never be able to handle the real deal .




@highlight

Full Battle Rattle is an insightful , eye-opening account of the preparations soldiers must make for their service in Iraq .