I 'd like to say there was a plot , only there is n't : it is simply a baroque and beautiful reflection of a five-decade romance with Rome .
... a nostalgic journey - fantastic and surreal ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
The Great Beauty is an alleged condemnation of the decadence of Rome and its high society , but inasmuch as it approaches coherence at all .
Funny and sad , poignant and profound , elegant and elegiac , ambitious and ambiguous , The Great Beauty is one of the most utterly enjoyable movies I 've seen in years .
Sorrentino 's heady , vivid yet wearily melancholic musing on midlife crisis submerges you in sumptuousness until you emerge , blinking , as if from some impossibly glamorous party .
A richly symbolic meditation on aging , mortality and precious time wasted .
Sometimes too overblown , surreal and obtuse for its own good , director Paolo Sorrentino 's film is nonetheless an exquisitely composed portrait of vapidity and decline .
Exceptional , mature film dazzles , offers haunting insights .
`` The Great Beauty '' is a great romance : a man and a city and a love that can not be consummated but which will consume you surely . Somewhere , Baz Luhrmann weeps .
If it sounds a bit ponderous , well , maybe it is , but it 's also smart , warm-hearted and sumptuously shot .
` The Great Beauty ' is certainly striking , but too often what it 's striking are poses .
It 's La Dolce Vita for the 21st century , of course . But , more than that , it 's the rare work that not only tips its hat to a masterpiece but sort of shockingly tops it .
A mysterious , sensual prism through which to view our own shortcomings and longings .
The Great Beauty boils over with shapeless disdain , aimed everywhere but where it should be
As a parody of Italian cinema , it 's tedious . Except we 're supposed to be taking this seriously . As if .
I do n't know that I 've ever seen a film in which the visual glory on the screen was so at odds with the philosophy evident in the screenplay .
The Great Beauty -LRB- or , more wonderfully , La Grande Bellezza -RRB- is a memory play , a meditation on life , a celebration of the incidentals that make it joyous and more .
Ah , to be wealthy , gorgeous and dead inside in Rome !
For those of us who spend most of our time still dealing with rent and health care , it is a two-hour journey into ideas and emotions we only wish there were time to consider . That 's a reason to go to the movies .
The Great Beauty will become one of those movies that will be discussed over and over again in future college courses .
Wild set-pieces and rueful observations are the stock in trade of this Italian film by one of the modern masters of cinema , Paolo Sorrentino .
2 hours and 20 minutes of my life that I 'll never get back .
There 's little to discover in Paolo Sorrentino 's satiric vision of Rome , except perhaps , that some cities just look better than others while entertaining themselves to hell .
Sorrentino 's film may flit between vignettes of extravagance and eccentricity , but more is always toiling underneath .
With inevitable debt to Fellini , Sorrentino 's nods as reverential as they are wry .
I ca n't remember when a film last gave me such a surge of pure pleasure -- no , outright euphoria -- as The Great Beauty .
'' ... a sumptuous elegy . ''
Cut from similarly sexy and satirical cloth as Federico Fellini 's masterworks a half-century ago , Paolo Sorrentino 's movie glides like reverie , probing the emptiness that can result from living a full life .
The Great Beauty is an utterly ravishing portrait of listless luxuriance , a fantasy of decadent wealth and beauty that evokes Fellini 's La Dolce Vita by way of Baz Luhrmann .
A spectacular film , as messy , strange and funny as a dream , with hedonistic party scenes to rival The Great Gatsby .
The intelligently observed and staggeringly beautiful Italian foreign-language Oscar nominee is about life , death and the search for the things that give meaning to both .
Sorrentino has managed to build a loving and distinctive work on the foundation of an indolent , often self-loathing social strata .
Celebrating Rome in all its decay , this florid comedy by Paolo Sorrentino -LRB- Il Divo , This Must Be the Place -RRB- opens with a hyperbolically gaudy party honoring a celebrity journalist on his 65th birthday .
A riotous film that finds depth , clarity and refreshment in even the shallowest of pools .
The title is about as spot on as you can get and this is ultimately a film that raises the search for beauty in this world to a stylish art .
This is quite simply glorious filmmaking .
For all its high-brow posturing , this film is tedious .
Borrowing liberally from the spirit of famed countryman Federico Fellini 's 1960 classic La Dolce Vita , Sorrentino emerges with an existential fantasy steeped in Italy 's rich cinematic history , with feet firmly planted in the present .
It 's not surprising that Oscar voters fell for the charms of this Italian odyssey , since it 's essentially a love letter to Fellini and Rome .
An elegant , existentially enigmatic meditation on opulence and decadence .
The title feels appropriate because this is a film to be enjoyed as much for its beautiful imagery as its stimulating storyline .
One of the most ` Italian ' films I 've ever seen ; passionate , satirical , and sumptuous
It 's not often that we feel ravaged by a film , but The Great Beauty is a ravager , a spectacular odyssey of emotion and intellect and sensuality through the rich , contradictory and self indulgent world of The Eternal City
Uncovers both the superficial and the profound in this exploration of life , death and the inspirations that keep things interesting
It 's high-minded , dealing in heady truths about life , art , narcissism , creativity and spirituality . It 's subtitled . Everyone speaks Italian . Also , nothing explodes .
Throughout the film , Sorrentino delivers gorgeous images , crazy images , startling and sexy and serene images ; it 's a visual bath of sorts - the great beauty is everywhere , Jep -LRB- and we -RRB- just have to be open to it .
A little La Dolce Vita , bits of Last Year at Marienbad , and flashes of Russian Ark. .
Though there 's precious little drama , Sorrentino 's skills as an image-maker are indisputable .
Frenetic portrait of Rome 's elite recalls La Dolce Vita and Ulysses
An Italian film that dazzles the eye
It 's a beauty , all right . It 's more a style show than a deep philosophical treatise , but with surfaces this sleek and faces this interesting , I 'll take style over substance any day .
A seductive , woeful meditation on phony efforts and the challenge of living for the moment .
Even those who find it overstuffed , opaque and derivative will be bowled over by its sheer pictorial extravagance and visual sheen .
Go ahead . Soak up the Beauty . It 's one of the best films of the year .
Sometimes all you want from a movie is more . Sorrentino 's opulent carnival of modern Rome is the most more you could ever hope to see .
Plays at times like a more conventional , less daring version of 1972 's Roma ... On its own merits , Sorrentino 's film ai n't half-bad , but it 's no Fellini picture .
Leave your iPhone at home for this one or you will buy a plane ticket to Rome before you can escape the theatre .
`` The Great Beauty '' resembles a contemporary `` La Dolce Vita , '' Fellini 's surreal 1960 tribute to Rome 's splendor , self-indulgence and superficiality .
Paolo Sorrentino 's overwrought , Felliniesque opus ...
Soa quase como uma exploração felliniana da Itália dos tempos de Berlusconi , combinando os tipos -LRB- e alguns traços de estilo -RRB- de Fellini com passagens contemplativas cujas narrações em off parecem tentar emular a sensibilidade de Terrence Malick .
At times it seems that every frame is a tribute to the Fellini classics of the early 1960s .
`` The Great Beauty '' is drop-dead gorgeous , a film that is luxuriously , seductively , stunningly cinematic .
It 's exceptional work from Servillo , matched well with Ferilli , whose visual contribution to the film is profoundly sensual .
As this existential odyssey draws to a close , it sews itself up with the aplomb that only a confident , controlled filmmaker can marshal .
If the antics of the beau monde disgust or exhaust you , stay away from Sorrentino 's film ; look no further , on the other hand , if you wish to know whether , where , and in what guise the spirit of Fellini remains at work-and , better still , at play .
This is a Fellini project , if you like , but it is a film full of music , dance , Rome 's crème brûlée light and a sensual tenderness , so that it might have been made by Renoir .
`` The Great Beauty '' is Italy 's submission for best foreign language film and is one of the best of the year . It works on many levels including its excellent character study by Toni Servillo .
The title is fitting for this visually dazzling Italian epic .
The melancholy in this film is just as trumped up as the frenzy .
The Great Beauty is a subtly daring cinematic high-wire act - an entire film built around one character 's unrealized , unspecified yearning . And it might just be the most unforgettable film of the year .
Sorrentino 's juxtaposition of contemporary Roman indulgence and the Eternal City 's place in history 's imagination makes for a bittersweet epic in which a solitary character , Jep , stands in for the director , and us , and experiences an epiphany .
Sorrentino is an exceptional visual stylist and the imagery within this film is startling ...
The grand tradition of city symphonies , films tailored to celebrate the mood and feeling of their urban settings , lives on here .
Never have cynicism and disillusion seemed more intoxicating than in `` The Great Beauty , '' which is such an overwhelming visual and auditory experience that its elements of cautionary moral fable threaten to get lost amid the gorgeousness .
There 's an exhilarating sadness to it all that amounts to cinematic poetry .
-LSB- Sorrentino -RSB- stuffs , nearly engorges , this 2 hour-and-20-minute film with outrageous and gloriously visual anecdotes .
It 's resplendent , it 's ravishing .
While it is definitely Fellini-esque , it 's also a crystallization of Sorrentino 's own distinctive style .
The comparisons to Fellini have been plentiful , but The Great Beauty is very much its own thing .
A deliriously alive movie , `` The Great Beauty '' is the story of a man , a city , a country and a cinema , though not necessarily in that order .
A fantastic journey around contemporary Rome and a riot of lush imagery juggling past and present , sacred and profane , gorgeous and grotesque .
The over-length is n't unnecessary - this is a lush film meant to be savored - but even the intentional redundancies start to feel redundant .
Many flights , lunges , glides and pokes of the camera in these sequences reveal the magnificence and overpowering weight of Rome 's past and survey the casual surrealism and rich grotesquerie of its present .
Many will call this Fellini 's Rome revisited for the 21st century , but Paolo Sorrentino 's visually dazzling tour de force serves more significantly as a sprawling canvas for another stunning performance from Toni Servillo
It 's a glorious experience , one that blends both compassionate dismay and wry delight over Italy 's own , eternal excess .
Once the film settles down , it becomes a rollicking yet melancholy tour of a city so spectacular and historic that it paralyzes its inhabitants .
A virtuosic cinematic achievement of epic proportions , Paolo Sorrentino 's formalized comment on modern-day Rome is a visual and satirical feast .
The Great Beauty soars into that rarified atmosphere where art , entertainment , travelogue and circus collide in a great , beautiful mash-up of ideas and imagery .
The pleasures of the film , as with La Dolce Vita , are experiential , and it 's best received as a sensual rush , revealed through the eyes of a protagonist who has no control over it .
Beneath the beautiful surface and indulgence of Sorrentino 's The Great Beauty , there is an insightful , intriguing satire about what it means to create art that elevates itself beyond shallow eye candy .
In blatant reference to La dolce vita , The Great Beauty is an apt if lazily postmodern response to Fellini 's question : how can we convert nihilism from an existential plague into a decent way of life ?
Sorrentino 's vision is the size of Rome itself , and his confidence is dazzling .
It 's a virtuoso piece of filmmaking featuring a magnificently jaded Toni Servillo .
Rome in all its splendor and superficiality , artifice and significance , becomes an enormous banquet too rich to digest in one sitting in Paolo Sorrentino 's densely packed , often astonishing The Great Beauty .
Paolo Sorrentino 's film is really just a huge turn-on that has the bad manners to go sour , succumbing to its own self-delusions of moral/political grandeur .
The Il Divo director returns to his native Rome for an exquisite blowout set amidst the ageing dilettantes living in the city 's prosperous bohemian enclave .
As always , Sorrentino has an architectural eye , his cameras panning over crumbling buildings , unclothed bodies and -LRB- most importantly -RRB- Servillo 's face with enraptured awe .
A VIP tour of a secret , horribly fashionable world that one would n't want to linger in yet ca n't help but find fascinating .
The city looks good enough to dive into . If only the humans in the frame were n't so shallow .
An eye-ravishing meditation on first love , squandered talent , the eternal beauty of Rome and a life wasted on hedonistic excess .
Writer-director Paolo Sorrentino -LRB- Il Divo -RRB- is a master of cinematic imagery , even if his plots leave a great deal to be desired .
Sorrentino 's film is both emphatic and proportionate in its methods - a palpable maturing for this director .
Stylishly directed and beautifully shot , The Great Beauty is an emotionally engaging and superbly acted Italian drama that plays like a modern day version of Fellini 's La Dolce Vita .
A simply breathtaking work of art with a very human , intensely cinematic heart .
It 's Fellini in Vegas .
It lingers in the imagination long after more disciplined , well-behaved films have faded .
The superb Servillo - who , when he does n't have the look of Dennis Norden , is the spit of a lusty Sid James - is the perfect match for Sorrentino 's wry vision ...
Sorrentino is so often compared to Fellini that it feels right that he has made the city of ` La Dolce Vita ' the focus for this heady , beautiful , entrancing film .
Sumptuous and self-indulgent , Sorrentino 's latest is a Fellini-like feast for the eyes .
Splashes of overstatement aside , the ambition intoxicates .
The film is defiantly short on structure , but the beautiful chaos is so chaotically beautiful that only the surliest viewer will think to complain .
A maximalist 's delight .
A vivid glimpse , both funny and deeply unsettling , of a Berlusconi-era Italy rotting below its luscious-looking surface .
Sorrentino 's direction is as crisp as it has ever been , telling one of his more relatable tales .
Just like Fellini 's grand spectacles , La Grande Bellezza washes over you in series of scenes , visages , sensations and impressions , and although in this case it does n't quite gel into a cohesive whole , it 's nonetheless a journey worth taking ...
Referencing without imitating Fellini , Sorrentino offers an amusing update on Italian society at the end of a cycle .
When the credits began to roll at the press screening , some critics rose to their feet and just stared dumbly at the screen . I 'm happy to admit I was among them .
This movie looks and feels superb , it is pure couture cinema . But there is also a excess of richness and bombast and for all its sleekness I felt that the spark of emotion was being hidden , and there is a kind of frustration in the operatic sadness .

@highlight

Dazzlingly ambitious , beautifully filmed , and thoroughly enthralling , The Great Beauty offers virtuoso filmmaking from writer/director Paolo Sorrentino .