There 's nothing wrong with Harris 's performance , but the character is despicable in so many ways that you do n't care much about his fate .
While Kodachrome is let down by its generic beats and the way it telegraphs much of its dialogue , it has a wistfulness that ends up being rather effective .
In the end , the film 's only pleasure lies in watching -LSB- Ed -RSB- Harris 's performance .
A trio of fine lead performances effortlessly elevates Kodachrome , a modest American dramatic comedy some viewers may feel they have seen before .
Sudeikis has perhaps the most challenging role . He struggles to find the right pitch .
A highly uncomfortable road trip ... but in a good way .
The only thing really holding the slightly clapped-out premise together is a mesmerising shift from the apparently infallible Ed Harris .
Ultimately , it 's not a very good flick . But it features a splendidly nasty performance by Ed Harris .
Heavy family drama has language and mature themes .
It 's a fine film , but it frustratingly refuses to be a great one .
Kodachrome is a real film , with real , carefully written characters , and a sincerity that feels almost old-fashioned - like the celluloid with which it is made .
It 's the kind of mid-range drama that colors within the lines but has enough strengths to stand out .
Harris , Sudeikis , and Olsen are all great performers , but they 're hiking slowly uphill telling a story that does n't even head-fake towards surprising us .
Beautifully acted father/son story contains a terrific performance by Jason Sudeikis and an Oscar worthy one from Ed Harris . Please do n't forget this one , Academy . It 's special and memorable .
Do n't expect the surprises to be surprising and you wo n't be disappointed .
What are we to make of director Mark Raso 's overtly sincere attempt to tell a tale we 've seen a dozen times before ? Are we to weep on cue ? Or , recoil from its unrelenting obviousness ? Well , it 's actually a little of both .
You know the characters , the beats , and the general arc . You know how it will end before the first act concludes , and that 's fine . The journey 's pleasant enough .
Well-considered and sincerely acted , Kodachrome is a character-driven drama that has been wrongly labeled a comedy .
What `` Kodachrome '' makes clear is that if you 're going to do a father-son saga , -LSB- Ed -RSB- Harris is essential .
Takes a tired formula and makes it fresh again .
Kodachrome is proof of the concept that solid direction and superlative acting can transform even a mediocre script into something worth watching .
Kodachrome demonstrates that the right creative team can do an awful lot with a very familiar story - specifically , the One Last Road Trip genre . You 've seen this sort of movie before . But it 's rarely been this good .
-LSB- Kodachrome -RSB- too often travels a well-worn and predictable highway .
Shot on 35 mm Kodak film , the mostly-pleasant movie being promoted as Netflix 's Kodachrome also proves that no matter the format , the middle-aged guy will always get the hot woman who 's more than a decade his junior .
Harris makes Ben edgier , more self-aware and more impossible to ignore than anyone else would . That kind of integrity , that willingness to be understood as completely dislikable , raises `` Kodachrome '' to a level it would not reach without him .
A road-trip dramedy so schematic and loaded for emotional bear it feels like it was generated by a Sundance screenwriting app .
If this earnest and forgettable road movie represents a meaningful tribute to taking pictures , we ought to go back to cave drawing .
Jason Sudeikis and Ed Harris do strong work playing harshly estranged , somehow pulling us close to their off-putting characters before forced sentiment in the late going undercuts director Mark Raso 's film .
The talented actors elevate the thin premise and make it worth watching - especially the end .
`` Kodachrome '' mostly avoids cliché , thanks to something a little extra in the writing and a lot extra in the acting .
Appropriately and beautifully shot on 35 mm celluloid by Raso , Kodachrome is a touching , hilarious , and contemplative gem of a film with three wildly meritorious performances by Harris , Sudeikis , and Olsen , and timely themes .
Kodachrome is good fall-asleep-with-the-TV-on fare , and I mean you should snooze out immediately unless you want to be subjected to a criminally mediocre family drama .
The emotional resonance is there , even if it 's cloying and manipulative . Kodachrome is often funny , and the cast plays off one another with comfortable ease .
Place Kodachrome alongside some of the most genuine dramas of recent years . -LSB- Full Review in Spanish -RSB-
This is the -LSB- Jason -RSB- Sudeikis - -LSB- Ed -RSB- Harris show , and it really works .
This notion that daddy dying will melt the coldest of son 's hearts is lazy at best , patronizing at worst .
`` Kodachrome '' was beloved by shutterbugs for its gorgeous , elegant , bright colors . There is no such grace in this film , which plods along with all the form and function of a disposable camera .
Kodachrome 's transformation from good to great is triggered by a third act that packs an astonishingly powerful and emotional punch ...
For all of its paint-by-numbers plotting , `` Kodachrome '' offers a few nifty twists ...
... it 's an entirely watchable if entirely by-the-numbers throwback to the sweet-and-sour Sundance-style indie films of yore .
Simultaneously a tribute to a seemingly bygone era and an affirmation of the sometimes unexpected resilience of father-son bonds .

@highlight

Kodachrome gains richer hues due to Ed Harris ' colorful performance , which is enough to enliven a solid if predictable father-son road trip drama .