No No : A Dockumentary presents a textured portrait , but there 's something odd about it .
What really distinguishes this ... is its candid-and surprisingly flippant-treatment of widespread drug use in major league baseball .
Ellis emerges from the movie as a complex and thoughtful character . He loved to say and do outrageous things , but seldom did so without a calculated purpose .
A pic that in all likelihood would n't have been made if Dock had n't pitched a no-hitter on acid and became such a national folk-hero to many .
Radice does an honorable if not always scintillating job of paying tribute to a great team and a player with a phenomenal slider , whose politics and personal style pushed the sport 's most racially ingrained boundaries .
While the film 's sense of chronology is at times strained and its tale of redemption hardly unique , its subject is certainly one of a kind .
The film offers a compelling chronicle of Ellis through interviews and archival footage , detailing his triumphs and struggles , both on and off the field .
Although the LSD no-hitter was likely never to have happened , there are enough wild stories about a 60s wild man to keep you captivated .
Radice 's entertaining film does justice to his complex legacy .
Documentary on controversial 1970s Major League pitcher Dock Ellis is all over the field , but gradually settles down to eke out a win .
Radice talks with plenty of Ellis ' teammates , family members and charmed-then-beleaguered wives , and he makes good use of archival interviews and footage in constructing his engaging portrait of a complicated but vivid sports figure .
Funny , entertaining , required viewing for fans of the game , but accessible to those who ca n't tell a bat from a ball , it 's a home run of sorts , though as a pitcher , that 's the last thing Dock Ellis would want it to be called .
As this smart and sympathetic profile shows , Dock Ellis did n't need a no-hitter , stoned or otherwise , to define himself ; he was his own best work .
Unfailingly entertaining and occasionally even mind-blowing .
This is a portrait of Ellis the high-living character , certainly , but also Ellis the racial and cultural trailblazer .
Sure , you may come for the LSD antics , but you 'll want to stay for the film 's riveting lens on seismic changes in baseball and American culture at large .
They absolutely , positively do n't make 'em like that anymore .
The documentary does a good job on his career and life , using interviews with Ellis , former teammates , family members , friends and former wives .
The fact is , Dock Ellis was ... complicated . Probably a lot more so than No No makes him out to be .
There 's enough diamond lore here to please baseball diehards , but Ellis 's outsize life will grip even casual fans .
Radice 's filmic delivery breaks sharply from just a sports-story to an intensely personal story as well as a glimpse into the social/political cataclysms of the 1960 and '70s .
No No : A Dockumentary really covers a lot of ground , and I felt there were at least 3-4 different documentaries contained in the film that were as interesting , if not more so , than the story of Dock Ellis .
A quirky baseball doc from the days when the Pirates had a REAL Pirate on the mound .
Probably the best documentary that could be made about this subject , it 's still a fairly standard work as far as technique and form are concerned .
Director Jeff Radice 's skillful interviews are ably underpinned with original music by Beastie Boy Adam Horovitz and killer music supervision by Randall Poster .
A film so vital and full of life that it almost becomes essential .
... No No is a jazzy , joyful exploration of a man that , if he was n't able to actually change the system , was at least happy with giving it the middle finger .
An effortless home run .

@highlight

While taking full advantage of its subject 's colorful baseball career , No No : A Dockumentary also imparts broader , thought-provoking messages that should resonate with viewers who are n't sports fans .