The script suffers from sloppy dialogue -LRB- `` alert the amphibious squadron ! '' -RRB- and plotting -LRB- a very vague Macguffin , risible exposition , two suspenseless countdown finales -RRB- . But flimsy characterisation is the biggest problem ...
Lots for both kids and adults to enjoy .
he visuals are phenomenal , rendered with so much love and passion that each frame is a marvel just to behold .
It 's innocent , wholesome fun with a lot of brains to it that kids and adults will love ...
`` Sky Captain And The World Of Tomorrow '' is a war movie without subtext . Its deliberate lack of moral coding and pandering effort to please audiences with a vintage cotton candy pulp that never was is more than a little insulting . At least it has Angelina
What made anyone believe this was a movie worth making or that there would be an audience for it ?
Filled with style with a capital S , Sky Captain is a joyous combo of rollicking adventure , film noir and all the gee-whizzery of high-tech innovation .
Pure escapism saturates every frame of this exhilarating throwback to 1930s matinee serials .
If there 's any sensibility within the film other than a voracious geeky adoration of cliffhangers , I was n't able to locate it .
It 's obvious even from the character names that Mr. Conran has a good grasp on his source material . The problem is , he does n't do anything with it .
This debut feature by Kerry Conran is a triumph not only for its technical mastery but for its good taste .
It 's the story that gets in the wayof this magic show , coasting along a much more awkward path that finally hardly seems to matter .
Director Kerry Conran has n't just mimicked his favorite serials and comic books . He 's written a love letter to the full scope of 1930s and '40s films by basically making one .
For its writer-director , Sky Captain was a labour of love . For almost everyone else -- including the wooden cast -- it 's just a labour .
The clincher is how the actors are reduced to puppets and ciphers ; Paltrow straight-jacketed in her Hildy Johnson-style two-piece and the evidently bored Law reduced throughout half the movie to giving the gimlet eye through flying goggles .
It should feel like Star Wars , yet it fails to feel like a movie at all . Conran has done his work almost too well . It 's as if you 're sitting in front of an outsize comic book with a speed reader as page-turner .
Occasionally threatens to collapse under the weight of its own production , but all in all it 's an exhilarating experience , and raises the bar for the use of digital technology in film .
... takes the audience to the Shangra La of Lost Horizons , the undersea world of ... 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea , and straight to King Kong 's Skull Island .
delightfully anachronistic piece of digital mastery
The epitome of CGI 's best and worst attributes .
Kerry Conran imagines an adventure cobbled together from serials , comic books , and radio dramas of the 30s and 40s , making something derivative yet unique .
The second half of Sky Captain is one of the more purely entertaining films I 've seen this year .
This is a movie boiling over with its own positive energy , its own sense of boy-howdy fun .
Conran is ... in touch with his inner 10-year-old . His feature-length debut seems like it has been downloaded directly from a kid 's wildest dreams .
This is n't a film that one would expect depth , and the cliches are fun and anticipated .
Una maravillosa muestra de ficción , un exquisito viaje al futuro a través del pasado y una dósis de entretenimiento puro .
Storyline assumes a superfluous , secondary role to the special effects in Sky Captain , a curio that in sensibility and visual design is a hybrid of retro and postmodern
... sure-fire cult hit regardless of the final box office tally .
If it wins an Oscar , statuettes should be given to the folks who made the movie possible : Steve Jobs , Bill Gates and the gang at Intel , for whom no microprocessor is too fast .
Pirates the best elements from classic adventure serials and combines them into an entirely new , enormously satisfying cinema experience .
The picture seems reverse-engineered , as if , having conceived his spectacular milieu , Conran created monsters to populate it , then heroes for them to fight , then reasons for the heroes to be there , with emotional plausibility some way behind that .
-LSB- The film has -RSB- the perfect visual style for a chldlike tale of 1939 bang-bang male heroics and tough-lady glamour .
Unique and just plain fun
... so mechanical , the actors might as well been figments of the computer 's imagination as well .
A remarkable picture peppered with stream-of-movie-consciousness , 1930 's media imagery .
An enjoyable and visually dashing computer-generated exercise .
I 'm going to bet that this film heralds a resurgence of interest in blimp travel .
Alas , the finest technology money can buy ca n't disguise basic flaws in plotting and structure , and flatly written , blandly heroic protagonists .
Exciting , beautifully designed , retro adventure flick that 's a treat for fans of old movies and pulpy sci-fi serials .
Since the supposed romance between Sky Captain and Polly is so unsatisfying and the visuals are so flagrantly abundant , I 'm assuming this movie is for boys .
Such an interestingly silly movie that I found myself idly wondering what particular audience was being targeted with its peculiar conceits and infinitude of special effects .
It reaches toward the naivety and heroics of 1930s adventure serials without pausing from its throwback self-consciousness to submit to genuine excitement .
A fantastic looking picture so obsessed with its own appearance that it forgets how to tell a story .
What we should expect of a night at the movies : Bold , clever , inventive , exhilarating - and often enough , magical .
While the film is an artistic feat , its story just is n't as gripping as its fantastically composed shots .
an imminently likable action-adventure throwback that reflects the saucy give-and-take of old movies as much as it does their visual schemes
It 's like a little bubble of an art project , simultaneously being an interesting experiment in a medium but also being an effective piece of art itself .
Merece ser visto mais de uma vez -LRB- no cinema ! -RRB- para que possamos apreciar os detalhes espalhados pelos quatro cantos da tela .
Ten years in the making , Sky Captain is a beautiful tribute to the boy 's own adventure school of novels , comics and movies of the 1930s .
... dashing and daring ... visually rich in its presentation ... cleverly combines the elements of surrealistic cinema that pads the excitement of this polished fanboy flick
Conran skips what chokes so much screen adventure today : extraneous characters , endless back story , ethical dilemmas , a tormented hero . He keeps Sky Captain airborne .
A retro rocket that blazes across the sky , only to burn out before landing .
Elaborately conceived and beautifully executed , the movie 's a great marriage of fantastical , old-fashioned storytelling and new technology .
-LRB- Kerry -RRB- Conran , a rare rookie director given free reign over his digital domain , takes his place as a gifted innovator of robust retro .
Though this movie will pave the way technologically , hopefully , the next movie that uses CGI this extensively will also have a gripping story to go along with it .
Just because you can do it does n't mean you should do it . Unless it means getting Jolie in a military uniform !
Whatever it does or does n't portend , it 's here , and it 's one grand , good-humored ride .
The Art Deco future as it was seen from the late 1930s is the background for this super-paced sci-fi adventure . The plot is just a chain of action sequences .
Both a throwback and a leap forward , an odd yet satisfying marriage of now and then .
The World of Tomorrow is an enjoyable look back at a make-believe cinematic world that existed in the late 1930s and early 1940s .
His nostalgia enabled by technology , Conran takes the ghosts in his machine seriously , and the results appear at once meltingly lovely and intriguingly inhuman .
This is as much of a breakthrough film as ` Tron ' was .
The retro story has a contagious , pulp grandiosity tempered by self-effacing humor .
As a story , I 'm not sure it lives up to all the praise it 's getting , but it 's still something to see as an ` experience ' .
A bravura performance was had by all !
The film is beautiful to look at and fascinating to talk about , but the story is a bit stuck too much in the 1930s to really engage a modern audience .
Conran creates a wonderfully inventive , fun little world so exciting that one hopes that he returns to entertain us again with another tale of Sky Captain and co. .
A case of too much style over too little substance .
The most whizbang combination of new cinema technology and old-fashioned Saturday-matinee storytelling since George Lucas ' original Star Wars .
Forget tomorrow . Kerry Conran 's `` Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow '' is the movie to see today .
Not so much a film as a singular and joyous tribute to a vanished age when wonder only cost a nickel and played three times daily at the Bijou .
Generally speaking , I 'm not a big fan of style-over - substance movies , but this one is so gorgeous that it 's possible to become literally lost in the richness of the images .
This is the fall film to see -- but just once .
Walks the walk but can not talk the talk
Walks the walk , but ca n't talk the talk .
Style alone is n't enough to make a movie good , but it can add an atmosphere of fun and imagination that sweeps you into the story . For me , that 's exactly what happens here .
Loaded with unrealized potential , but that potential comes in the form of some great technical work , which itself is worth the time to view .
A wonderful blend of sharp characters with running gags galore , outrageously inspired visual imagery and a plotline that feels both familiar and otherworldly .
Ultimately seems more like a fancy mechanical toy than a work of art we can warm up to .
With action , adventure , amazing effects , humor , and romance , it 's a movie that everyone can enjoy .
When all of the movie 's elements are working together -- the familiar characters and story , and the eye-catching special effects -- it 's a wonderfully entertaining ride .
Lucas would be proud . The rest of you should consider yourselves warned .
Sure , a new bar in computer animation is set , but if this is what the movies of tomorrow are going to be like , I 'll stick with yesterday .
The script is not funny or even humorous , or logical , or satirical ... The sepia type color makes it unpleasant to watch .
The robotic acting is a reminder of how stiff the acting was in those throwback serial chapter films .
It 's worth the money to see it on the big screen .
It was just so busy trying to be an homage that it did n't bother to spend any time on characters and good story .
Talk about comic book movies ! It 's a slick , super-stylish , nostalgic , pop-culture adventure for the whole family .
This sci-fi thriller eschews fun for worship of old movies ; it 's a clinker from start to finish .
More a fascinating curiosity than a satisfying movie experience .
The most entertaining movie of 2004 .
Great performances -LRB- especially Angelina Jolie -RRB- and endless CGI trickery barely conceals a sloppy screenplay that lacks a single original idea .
-LSB- It -RSB- reminds us how much fun the movies are supposed to be .
Though the exercise is ultimately empty , Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow must be seen to be disbelieved , so off you go .
Sure , this is comic book stuff , but that does n't mean that the actors should be saddled with wooden dialog and two-dimensional characters .
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is pretty . It 's very pretty . If that sounds like damning with faint praise , you 've read it right .
If the glorious surprise offered up by Wizard of Oz was depicting a world beyond material reality , the agreeable gimmick of Sky Captain is its imitation of what 's come before .
Requires much suspension of disbelief on the audience 's part , but the story is not involving enough for us to ever forget we 're watching a movie .
The recent film it closely evokes is no sci-fi blockbuster but `` The Saddest Music in the World '' by Guy Maddin , another filmmaker obsessed with silent and Expressionist cinema .
A clever parlor trick but a dull movie .
It 's a dream of a movie from which a certain kind of movie lover will never want to awake .
With its silky textures and fluffed up fake-studio imagery , Sky Captain is like a big warm pillow that threatens to smother you in downy gorgeousness .
Marvelous fun to watch .
The design loses its novelty very quickly , and , with no human factor to ground them , the graphics simply ca n't carry the movie .
Sky Captain never exceeds the level of a clever exercise .
The film is a love party of noirs and flyboy pictures , King Kong and Things to Come , Metropolis and Lost Horizon , Radio Days and The Lost World , etc. in excelsis .
Style over substance -- but what style !
Good fun -- and great looking .
The visuals are something , the story something less .
Despite its flaws , Sky Captain indulges that inner kid who always wanted a single movie crammed with robots , airships and dinosaurs , with World 's Fair hopefulness and panache .
Although Conran clearly enjoys the period , it 's a stolen nostalgia -- you 're not getting his memories of it , or even his memories of its films , but rather his memories of other people 's memories of its films .
Missing beneath its fabulous surface , however , is anything like a beating heart .
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow may be one of those films that leaves you humming the scenery , but it 's a tune you wo n't easily forget .
Looks great . Less filling . But in this case looks count for a lot .
It 's great eye-candy for film geeks . But it 's fairly cold as a movie .
Admiration ? Yes . Exhilaration ? Sadly , no .
Half of Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a film of breathtaking vision and craftsmanship , a work of art that both summarizes the early history of cinema and takes it brilliantly , shimmeringly forward . The other half is not .
What begins as childlike and filled with wonder ends as childish and fraught with tedium .
People who complain that they do n't make movies like they used to are really gon na dig Sky Captain .
A technological wonder from beginning to end .
Sky Captain is so breathlessly paced , so consistently entertaining and so visually dazzling that nitpicking at its inspirations is near impossible to do while you 're enjoying the ride .
Spy Captain may be an acquired taste . But for those who have an appreciation for old pulp serials and classic sci-fi , it 's a real treat .
An amazing synthesis -- of computerized animation and live action , of new technology and star power and of a contemporary sensibility and an appreciation for Hollywood magic of the '30s and '40s .
... while the sky 's the limit when it comes to -LSB- director Kerry -RSB- Conran 's visual flights of fancy , `` Sky Captain '' does n't always break through the clouds and soar .
A $ 70 million novelty item .
This is a sophisticated movie , but one whose sophistication is surprisingly simple-minded .
A static , uninvolving experience .
A breathtakingly beautiful sci-fi adventure .
Visually arresting , but also chilly and off-putting .
This pulp fantasy spectacle is a fond tribute to beloved Movies -- with a capital M.
-LSB- Law and Paltrow -RSB- , not the gewgaws of the computer age , make Sky Captain fly .
It 's like a film that escaped from the imagination directly onto the screen , without having to pass through reality along the way .
A unique gem that needs neither sequels nor imitations .
The only thing keeping it from greatness is a good story .
With his first film , Kerry Conran manages to replicate the feeling of unfettered , childlike innocence that George Lucas has been trying to reclaim for a quarter of a century .
It 's incredibly retro while being fantastically futuristic . The world that Kerry Conran has created is fantastic , surreal , and completely engrossing .
Rolls fantastic tales from the early 20th century into a rock 'em , sock 'em action story as groundbreaking and nearly as entertaining as Star Wars was in 1977 .
The film 's biggest flaw is that it has no emotional center whatsoever .
Ideally it should be shown in a tree house .
Movies can do anything these days ; sometimes they can make the old look new .
Re-invents the idea of cinema as we know it , taking it into a brave new future while remaining refreshingly steeped in the past .
Surface appearances are the beginning and the end of Sky Captain ... astonishingly vapid and stupefyingly boring ...
The production design is so adept at looking both retroactive AND futuristic that the film always has a newness about it even when its plot is conventional .
Here ... special effects artists create giant , menacing robots and cool fighter planes without getting high on super glue or stabbing themselves with pipe cleaners .
A rare victory of style over substance .
This is a film strictly for audiences that love going to the movies .
I admire the boldness and vision of this film , but ultimately it fails on almost every level .
What matters most is simply the feeling of excitement and wonder -LSB- Conran -RSB- is able to create .
Writer-director Kerry Conran goes forward to the past in a breezy , easy adventure with Jude Law and Gwyneth Paltrow along for the ride .
It 's a fast-paced , genre-referential , movie-reverential , dazzlingly beautiful and giddily enjoyable concoction .
As an imaginative visual experience , there 's nothing like it . Today , at least .
Purely on a technological level , ` Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow ' is one of the most startling and stunning movies of the year .
There is n't a frame that I would n't pay good money to hang on my wall .
If you love movies , enjoy adventure , and cherish beauty : see Sky Captain .
A glossy piece of humbug cooked up by well-intentioned amateurs as a science experiment .
Sublime .
When Sky Captain remembers that storytelling and characters matter more than design and special effects , it charms as well as impresses .
Although worth a once-over by the curious , the visually intriguing World of Tomorrow will likely be all but forgotten by next week .
A technological marvel whose gimmickry outlives its welcome .
While Sky Captain is interesting and imaginative , it is not all that involving and some may resist its charms entirely .
A film to look at but not always listen to . But the impact of many of its images is worth all the rest .
Crass and soulless .
A diverting if lightweight adventure .
As the novelty wears off , it becomes increasingly apparent that what 's going on in the background is more interesting than what 's happening in the foreground .
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a visual masterpiece ...
If an unknown can make such believable CGI , why ca n't George Lucas and ILM ?
The scenes are superbly imaginative and yet so real that they feel half-remembered .
I was impressed by Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow , but I did n't like it much .
It 's a gimmick , it 's not a movie .
A sumptuous but empty exercise in chapter-play reanimation .
You 're more taken with its cleverness than swept up in wonder . Still , Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow 's goofy , ephemeral pleasures are difficult to resist .
Sky Captain is full of such nice , deft touches .
A gorgeous , funny , and welcome novelty .
Class-A eye candy .
Drawing from a well of pulp fiction , film noir and comic book imagery -- not to mention influences from The Wizard of Oz to Fritz Lang 's Metropolis -- Conran and crew evoke a highly stylized 1939 .
This movie would make Flash Gordon and Indiana Jones proud .
-LSB- A -RSB- mazing to look at but not as much fun as it should be to watch .
A piece of visual wizardry ... -LSB- but -RSB- more Rocketeer than Indiana Jones , more admirable exercise than actual fun .
-LRB- Conran 's -RRB- passion for this particular story elevates his film to great heights . Pour yourself a large glass of chocolate Ovaltine and enjoy .
not just the best sci-fi flick since Minority Report , it 's also one of the best films of the year , making wannabe event movies like Spider-Man 2 look like chump change .
A beguilingly unreal excursion into the imaginative world of another age ... must viewing for golden-age Hollywood buffs ... impresses without becoming truly engaging .
` Sky Captain ' boasts an amazing never-before-seen look .
Your initial wows will quickly turn into yawns .
The must-see summer blockbuster of 1939 , it 's the new Far From Heaven -- only this time for nerds instead of gay guys .
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a fun , exciting , visually stunning film that falls just short of brilliant .
It 's disconcerting to consider that the aims of the villain jibe with the aims of the film itself .
I want a Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow lunchbox .
If you can get past the constant blurring , you 'll have a good time watching it .
Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is a real pulp fiction swashbuckler with never a dull moment .
Though initially intriguing & intermittently appealing , the film never develops , and hides its most interesting character till the end when it 's too late . Overall - bland .
Conran 's influences often make Sky Captain seem like the fever dream of a hopeless film buff -- it may be derivative , but it 's never dull .
The World of Tomorrow feels like yesterday 's news .
Sky Captain 's sidekick is a high-tech genius . He invents a pistol that fires smoke rings . It does n't kill the enemy , but it sure delights them over cocktails !
So perfectly captures the sci-fi wonder of '30s serials ... that watching it does n't arouse a modern reaction of `` wow ! '' or `` cool ! '' -- it garners a genuine , awe-struck `` golly ! ''
An utterly mesmerizing , boundlessly imaginative achievement , perhaps -- and I do not use such terms lightly -- the most visually astounding motion picture ever made .
A chimeric big-screen extravaganza that 's refreshingly unique .
... this movie entertained me from beginning until the end ...
Conran has fashioned an eye-popping roller coaster of a film that is a glorious evocation of a golden age of filmmaking that should have been
Hybrid of old Hollywood conventions and advanced digital technology is arresting at first but gradually trails off under the weight of its hyper-derivativeness and anxiety to please .
Working against blue screens , Gwyneth Paltrow , Jude Law and Angelina Jolie strike a confident balance between action-adventure archetypes and vulnerable romantics .
A dazzling and groundbreaking film , Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is the most fun you 'll have at the movies this year .
The mythology of `` Star Wars '' with the stylized flair of 1940s film noir , digitally dreamed and superbly acted . Say hello to what could be the best film of 2004 .
An Art Deco fantasia imagined by a gadget-obsessed 12-year-old , Sky Captain scarcely bothers with plot , instead streaking straight into the atmosphere .
Fabulous stuff . Technologically fascinating , earnestly enjoyable and rewarding in its sincere sense of homage to earlier fiction and design .







@highlight

Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow is slim on plot and characterization , but the visuals more than make up for it .