Igor has charm but misses a grand opportunity to evoke the world of James Whale when it would rather crib blatantly from Tim Burton .
There 's a lurking feeling that somewhere along the production line , nervous studio types ordered changes to make the movie more commercial .
Director Anthony Leondis needs to go back to the lab .
As far as goes its ability to stifle the young imagination , Igor has no recent competitor .
A fun time-killer for kids aged tween and up ...
Igor celebrates a defiantly adolescent and suitably caricatured vision of mortality with the potential to have adults and special young malcontents in stitches .
Igor sends up all sorts of cliches , but -- by degenerating into a mawkish romance and a boring race against time -- it also becomes one .
If you are the type that wishes filmmaker Tim Burton still put his name to funky animated monstrosities like The Nightmare Before Christmas , then Igor will fit the bill just nicely .
Itâ -LRB- TM -RRB- s a strange , dark little film with suicidal rabbits and brains in jars , stunted heroes and Frankenstein-like objects of love .
With a curly twist on the mad scientist concept , this subversively inventive animation bubbles over with originality and amusing dialogue .
I just did n't think there were anywhere close to enough laughs in this movie and that ultimately , as a comedy , is what it 's got to deliver .
It is not visually stimulating .
I look forward to making it part of my regular Halloween movie viewing for many years to come .
It is a pale impostor lacking in the three dimensional feel of Burton 's animated classics .
Production values are first rate considering the budget is much less than the kind Pixar or DreamWorks Animation routinely work with .
Like most acts of cruel mediocrity committed in the name of entertaining children , Igor presumably seemed like a good idea at the time .
But there 's not much form to the plot which develops in fits and starts . Nevertheless , those kids that were n't confused appeared to enjoy it , so there you go .
Igor 's leaden plotting , miscast voiceovers and tasteless one-liners are likely to leave every member of the family wishing this creation had never been born .
You do feel that , with it 's knowing one-liners and classic movie references , Igor is trying terribly hard to amuse an adult audience , possibly at the expense of children it should be entertaining .
This film is outclassed by the Pixar stable , but it 's entertaining stuff for the children .
It 's spirited and funny in its better moments , and gives a sly spin to the clichés rather than just parroting them wholesale .
Igor is a bit of a Franken-toon itself , stitching grown-up gags to a Disneyfied storyline -LRB- beauty is on the inside ; do n't step on others to get ahead ; yada yada yada -RRB- while lurching wildly from one age group to the other .
It 's fatally split between catering for children who wo n't understand most of the references , and adults who will find it garish and relentlessly noisy .
More well-aimed wit was needed , less grapeshot wackiness .
This dark-toned animation borrows its style from Tim Burton 's Nightmare Before Christmas and Corpse Bride without adding much of its own to the macabre mayhem .
Under-tens are unlikely to be the only ones wondering what 's going on ; the story is an over-brainstormed botch job .
Young children might find it a bit difficult to understand and adults too easy .
If you 've not been prepared by Ratatouille , the film 's periodic darkness may be quite astonishing .
Enjoyable animated comedy with likeable characters , impressive animation and some good gags , though it runs out of steam towards the end .
I ca n't really recommend it , but Igor provides all the clever puns and non-sequiturs and hipness that you 'd expect from a mid-range computer-animated movie .
This animated underdog tale needs more time in the lab .
Makes up for its simplistic story with some demented humour
Decent animated horror spoof that plays better for older film buffs than their youthful offspring .
This is what happens when you combine THE NIGHTMARE BEFORE CHRISTMAS with SHREK . It should have been called DRECK !
Ultimately the film can only dream of having the magic , personality and charm of the Tim Burton efforts it so obviously plagiarises
The parts of the whole are far too mediocre to really soak in and laugh with , in the end ...
What a strange little movie is `` Igor ! ''
Well , here 's another animated movie .
The character design looks like warmed-over Tim Burton and the computer animation is flat and inexpressive .
an adventurous , amiable attraction .
Tepid stuff , with a plot so transparently predictable that even 5-year-olds who have n't been to the movies much will be saying , ` I 've seen it . '
By the time kids are old enough for some of the film 's content , I 'm not so sure they 'll care about the lackluster Igor .
A blind children 's chorus singing ` I Can See Clearly Now ' is among the highlights of this otherwise forgettable animated feature .
I have been singing ` Tomorrow ' from Annie for a few days now . Someone is going to murder me or I 'm going to have to smack myself in the head and I blame it all on Igor .
This is where most lower-quality animated films fail % u2013 not in the animation , but in the writing .
A modest do-gooder trying to pretend that its not Cartoonland 's most direct attack of the Bush administration .
Igor ? No . More like Ibore .
Igor 's actually a light-hearted comedy that 's surprisingly sweet .
... an entertaining piece of illustrated radio .
Igor , like the Frankenstein 's monster at the centre of its tired plot , looks like something cobbled together out of used , very used , parts .
Tim Burton , have you misplaced your sketchpad ? Because I think Igor found it .
While much of the banter between the characters is inventive , the plot turns are predictable - complete with a romantic misunderstanding straight out of The Karate Kid -LRB- and 20 other films -RRB- .
Pieced together from Tim Burton and various other sources with more desperation than inspiration .
Fun enough stuff for you parental units , but be prepared if the kids turn into antsy little monsters .
Competent , but not a prizewinner .
You can think of it as an animated riff on the American dream : Our fate is determined not by the accident of our birth , but our own will , intelligence and talent . And let 's not forget serendipity .
My kid went with it , and I had a fairly good time , as I waited for the reappearance of a marble-mouthed peasant tart , voiced by Jennifer Coolidge . Half the time her line readings are hilarious , and it 's impossible to know why .
A completely original concept , a Frankenstein ` toon that 's clever enough to please both kids and their parents -LRB- for a change -RRB- .
To convince you that it 's full of surprises , the movie throws in Louis Prima songs where they do n't belong , and it riffs on classic monster-movie cliches mostly by spinning them into newly unfunny cliches .
While not quite as alive as I 'd wish , this is still a movie with more electric creativity then a lot of other stuff I 've seen this year , and as far as kids are concerned this is one experiment worth letting them conduct by themselves .
Has there ever been so amiably demented a flick as this one ... ?
... too visually busy to be pleasing to the eye and lacks the wit needed in the creation of a fantastical locale .
... non-kids may not find a lot to really love about it . This may be irrelevant , however .
The tone of the movie is cheerily macabre .
-LSB- Y -RSB- oung viewers -LSB- who -RSB- like a mix of slapstick and watered down scares they 'll have a fine time . Adults will be left rolling their eyes and checking their watches .
There 's scant reward for sitting through Igor , an animated twist on the Frankenstein story that never sparks to life .
A Frankensteinian mishmash of parts , with drawings that are derived from Tim Burton grafted onto a script filled with Shrek-style sarcasm .
... a haphazard collection of spare movie parts cobbled together in a pale imitation of better-animated comedies .
Director Anthony Leondis peppers his tale with a host of leaden cinematic references children will almost surely miss , which is just as well since virtually every film-related gag directed at adults feels like a pitiful attempt at knowing cleverness .
Some of the nasty jokes may seem shocking with young ones around , but they 'll keep adults awake through the utterly , painfully familiar three-act snoozefest .
This monster mishmash is less than a graveyard smash .
While this is no WALLE , or Ratatouille , it does bring to mind Monsters , Inc. and some of the visual flair of Burton 's The Corpse Bride .
Even the desolate future envisioned in this summer 's hit Wall-E has more immediate appeal for kids who might not be familiar with the source material for Igor .
While the stitches holding together the plot are clearly visible , Igor breathes some enjoyable life into its stolen grab-bag of gimmicks .
Director Tony Leondis and screenwriter Chris McKennna have mined everything from Young Frankenstein to Sleepy Hollow to Japanese anime to the German Neo-Expressionists to create that rare thing , a cartoon for adults .
So bad it 's scary .
I think we need a No Child Left Behind Act for the movies .
Mad-scientist comedy is fine for younger kids .
Igor tries to spoof Mary Shelley just as Shrek did the Brothers Grimm , but something tells us this movie 's charmless hero wo n't make an ogre-size impression on kid audiences . Call it a hunch .
There 's enough good stuff here that a better ` toon could have been stitched together from the many promising funny parts .
A potentially original premise and an eager voice cast led by John Cusack and Molly Shannon are left to decay amid a clunky story vaguely reminiscent of Monsters , Inc. and images often resembling visuals rejected from Tim Burton 's Corpse Bride .
Although the visuals tantalize and the actors providing the voices add a lot of sass , the result is only so-so .
Sweet-natured but saddled with strained wisecracking humor and over-busy plotting , Igor never quite manages to shake off a feeling of familiarity .
With its belabored gags , misfired pop-culture references and garish visuals crammed together like so many disjointed body parts , this manic kidpic cranks up the annoy-o-meter early on and rarely lets up .
for riffing so expertly on classic horror flicks , and for plumbing the depths of horror in the relentless perkiness of `` Tomorrow '' from the musical Annie , it deserves a medal
John Cusack is the voice of Igor , a hunchbacked laboratory assistant to the doomed mad scientist Dr. Glickenstein -LRB- voiced by John Cleese -RRB- , in this irresistible animated comedy






@highlight

With an animation style that apes Tim Burton , and a slew of cultural references that are n't clear enough to reach the crowds , Igor 's patched together antics make it hard to see who the film is trying to please .