Zombie movies require a certain amount of weirdness or subversiveness to succeed . Turning a zombie pandemic into a generic disaster movie robs the zombies of their dirty , nasty edginess and robs the disaster of its epic scope .
Much less bloody -LRB- though , of course , not bloodless and peppered with mild profanity -RRB- and much more cerebral than typical horror fare , the Pitt-produced apocalyptic thriller comes about as close as one can to a heart-warming zombie film .
I do n't know how else to put it -- it 's bad . It 's a mess . It 's barely functional as a piece of entertainment and not at all as a movie .
While the 3D effect helped increase the intensity of the film , I can only hope a sequel will fill in some of the story that is dangling in some areas .
Scrape off all that spectacle and it 's pretty non-original stuff .
World War Z seemed tired all the way through : It just did n't have a freshness or energy that brought something new to the genre .
... if nothing else , the film will convince you that humans are kind of stupid .
World War Z > / i > is a breathless roller-coaster that bites down when you want it to and mercifully releases so you can munch more popcorn before the next attack .
A mishmash of epic action , close quarter combat , and family drama that feels neither grand nor intimate , just confused .
Sometimes it just made me long for the sight of a lunatic zombie gnawing on the leg of some virgin in a backwoods cabin .
An atmospheric , frequently creepy zombie thriller that strikes a nice balance between horror and action-adventure , leaning on familiarity but never abusing it .
But for those A.D.H.D.-afflicted adolescents and exceptionally low-I.Q. adults , I hope you 're happy with what you asked for .
The action is unscannable spinach , the characters are dull , and the climax is the very pinnacle of anti-climax .
It 's actually quite remarkable this movie turned out even remotely good , considering the horrendous production reports and the reshooting of the entire last act .
Action trumps horror in this fast-paced zombie thriller .
The film works mainly on the performances of Pitt , and a strong ensemble cast that lend some credibility to a somewhat disjointed script .
World War Z is a string of unrelenting , harrowing sequences that continually manage to top one another .
-LSB- A -RSB- lousy , ugly-looking , intensely illogical movie .
Danny Boyle -LRB- 28 Days Later -RRB- and Edgar Wright -LRB- Shaun of the Dead -RRB- did so much more with less nearly a decade ago .
There are two distinct films here and both are successful on their own terms , but more gritty survivalist story over world-spanning question resolution would have been preferable .
That it never quite coheres is the point .
Action-heavy zombie movie shows traces of smarts
Despite all appearances , World War Z is n't really a zombie movie . It 's a disaster movie , one in which the agent of apocalypse just happens to be walking -LRB- and running -RRB- human corpses , rather than glaciers or a meteor strike .
World War Z is a surprisingly entertaining , yet slightly generic zombie picture that shows promising scope and globe-trotting action , but suffers from too many genre cliches .
I always hate the shaky camera style but I think Marc Forster is better at it than Paul Greengrass . It 's his editing ... I guess I just speak Forster .
... a sporadically passable yet terminally misguided blockbuster that squanders its promising setup ...
As both thrilling spectacle and escapist summer entertainment , World War Z is enormously effective , with Brad Pitt at the center hopscotching the globe in search of the origin of a zombie apocalypse .
... the definitive zombie film for people who do n't like zombie films yet want to say they liked one .
The ultimate strength of World War Z is its ability to consistently create ticking-clock situations for its characters after laying out very specific parameters .
Carried by Pitt 's performance , `` World War Z '' is a sometimes intense story of the rise of the undead .
Despite speculation predicting an on-screen disaster , this is a rather thrilling and fun big-budget zombie film let down by the re-shot finale .
World War Z is often suspenseful and exciting even in the midst of clashing cinematic styles that were often incongruous but somehow come together eventually .
The film does n't hold together in any rational way , but it still has a lingering emotional power .
... Somehow ends up being an effective action-thriller .
If you have a thirst for zombie movies , this one will quench it but wo n't deliver anything you have n't seen before .
The spectacular set-piece highlights were revealed in the trailers ; what 's left is nothing that has n't been done much better many times before by Romero , Danny Boyle , even AMC .
The movie fares best in its quiet moments , between Pitt and wife Mirelle Enos , or in a climax set in the antiseptic maze of a Cardiff science lab .
Paramount takes a tale about worldwide turmoil and transforms it in to a rah rah America story with the day being saved by the hunky American ...
An intelligent Zombie Apocalypse film , starring Brad Pitt no less . Boy , I sure did not see that one coming .
the film 's best thrills almost always rely on the terror of space rapidly collapsing , leaving you no place else to run-the very essence of panic , which is the film 's primary emotional register
Pitt 's soulful performance lends World War Z real heart and strength .
This zombie thriller efficiently blends action sequences with investigative scenes exploring the history of the virus .
Loses it in the final act .
... distinct , off-beat and fearsomely entertaining , and functions on a canvas that reaches far beyond what we are used to in pictures of this nature .
If only it could have taken itself less seriously . If it had the cartoonish atmosphere of , say , ' 2012 , ' then ` World War Z ' would have been a silly , fun popcorn movie .
A roaring good , bloody block party with The Undead .
Well-crafted , action-packed , and most impressively , not overly gory horror thrill ride ... makes a credible case that even in the ubiquitous zombie milieu , less can be more .
As both an epic of the undead and an escapist yet politically-relevant summer blockbuster , `` World War Z '' is a winner .
There could be a much better version of this scenario ; but there just as easily could be , and have been , versions that are incomparably worse .
Even with the botched ending there 's a lot to like about the film , but World War Z stinks with the rot of missed opportunity .
It 's fast-paced and bracingly well made , with a refreshingly fresh-faced cast . But the final act is a bundle of corny cliches , cop-out plotting and forced sentimentality that leaves us cold .
This zombie movie is n't very scary and Brad Pitt is just ordinary .
Disappointing
Has some effective , genuinely scari-fying moments , but too often comes across as a bloated , overwrought affair too big and messy for any one movie to contain .
Plot holes are barely outnumbered by the undead . How , for example , did the zombie apocalypse bring civilization to the brink of collapse without folks hearing about it on CNN ? The film 's writers , as Ricky Ricardo would say , ` have some splainin to do . '
There 's less blood and more brains -LRB- put to use in the making of the film , rather than being munched on ... -RRB- , and it feels more streamlined than some of this summer 's more bloated entries .
With its lowest common denominator super-fast flesh eaters and SFX set pieces , there are worse mindless enjoyments than World War Z. Like zombies of yore , it could 've done with more brains .
Almost more action movie than zombie movie , World War Z is less about the zombies than it is about the effect the outbreak has on the world . And it works .
By the end , I was impressed with the epic scale of the story , the expensive special effects and the high production values , but I also had a distinct feeling of ` is that all there is ? '
How to fight the Zombie Apocalypse ? Israel builds walls . North Korea yanks teeth . Somewhere in the Middle East , a nuke explodes . America recruits Brad Pitt . Smart move .
The intensity of the story had me gripped till the very end .
A well-made escapist action picture ... it did a good job of staving off my growing zombie ennui , for what it 's worth .
A supremely well designed film , WWZ re-animates the zombie genre as Brad Pitt outsmarts the voracious undead in a compelling , creepy take on how the world might face its end .
Adapted all too freely from Max Brooks ' book of the same name , it attempts to coalesce the diverse oral histories that make up the novel into a simple narrative and fails .
Silly is n't a word one usually associates with the Zombie Holocaust , but that 's the adjective that leaps to mind ... Forster flinches , turns away from the carnage , the equivalent of being afraid of your own shadow .
Zombies are hotter than ever and now it 's Brad Pitt 's turn . Much better than its troubled production history would indicate , World War Z is epic and fun .
A film that cost about as much to produce as Man of Steel culminates in Brad Pitt walking along a corridor , having broken a vending machine .
One of the best things about World War Z is that it 's not self-indulgent .
Director Marc Forster brings a kinetic energy to some of the zombie set pieces , but the episodic structure of the tag-teamed script makes for a stop-and-start pace .
An extremely unholy child of 28 Days Later and Contagion , the uncompromisingly bleak zombie epidemic epic World War Z is nowhere near as good as those two films but is not without its merits ... -LSB- including -RSB- an undeniably awesome second act .
Fans keen on their zombie yarns sloshing in claret and viscera will probably feel cheated by this curiously bloodless affair ...
A raggedy assortment of body parts ; expensively assembled , but lacking a sustaining pulse .
It 's not a movie for investing much emotion , but as big budget eye candy goes , it delivers .
Is for zombie movies what Reddit is for news : no context , no orientation , credible sources and whackjobs dispense equally implausible information of crucial importance .
It 's only natural to worry that World War Z will be more like World War Zzzzz . That 's not the case , thanks to a committed performance by Brad Pitt and a handful of exciting sequences . Still , it might be time to call for a moratorium on undead activities .
For a movie that feels slapped together with gristle and spit-the reshoots on this thing must have been massive , and it still does n't make much sense at a story or thematic level-World War Z , improbably , is still plenty entertaining .
If it were n't propelled by Brad Pitt 's star power , this would be just another apocalyptic , sci-fi zombie thriller with some massive , starkly memorable special effects .
If this is the kind of movie you 're inclined to check out , feel free to do so . Otherwise , go rewatch the last season of The Walking Dead .
Where are the scenes of the undead feasting on entrails ? The atmosphere of creeping dread ? The subversive satire ? But take Forster 's movie on its own terms and it delivers pulse-pounding , adrenaline-pumping excitement .
We could have had the zombie Red Storm Rising . Instead , we got 28 Days Later , on speed , in more locations , with a lame ending .
A bevy of screenwriters pitched in to create a zombie picture that has more in common with `` Man of Steel '' than it does with `` Dawn of the Dead . '' That is a problem - a big problem .
A bona fide summer blockbuster any way you slice it , with all the fixin 's to assure any audience its money 's worth of viewing pleasure and excitement .
Ho-hum , another $ 200 million blockbuster ` disaster ' movie about saving the world .
You have to love the zombies in this movie .
While `` World War Z '' has a lot going for it - the cause of the virus is never discovered , the film moves at a brisk pace and the characters behave rationally considering the circumstances - some of the technical choices are drawbacks .
Although released in a climate oversaturated with apocalyptic visions and walking dead , -LSB- Marc -RSB- Forster 's film carves a niche as a smart and thoughtfully stylized adaptation ...
... one of the tensest first hour of film I 've seen in a long time ...
Pitt conducts himself manfully throughout the proceedings -- he is never less than believable while facing off against this pandemic -- but if I never see another zombie in the movies , I will not feel deprived .
`` World War Z '' introduces us to a new theory of evolution : Survival of the Pittest .
If you need proof that sometimes more can be less , here you go .
... offers plenty of thrills within its elaborate apocalyptic framework , even if it ultimately provides more mainstream spectacle than narrative substance .
As compelling as Pitt is at reflecting the world 's pain through Lane 's eyes , the movie treats him too often as if he truly is the only one with loved ones to lose or a world to save .
a neutered zombie film
It 's not clever , but it is big .
Despite some slow spots and incongruities , Pitt and his zombie movie win the day .
Instead , what he gave us was World War Zzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Pitt has hidden his inner John Wayne-Bruce Willis for too long . In the highly engaging World War Z , he proves to be a capable , winning and -- in the great American film tradition -- exceptionally hard-to-kill action hero .
Welcome to the age of the cinematic mash-up , in which a committee of screenwriters jam together elements of past movies into a Frankenstein-like digital effects-laden extravaganza .
World War Z hits the blockbuster equivalent of a delicate balance : gargantuan spectacle with a human touch .
World War Z transforms from an engaging glimpse at post-apocalyptic human endurance into a brainless shell that is as absentminded as its undead subject matter .
Playing the reluctant hero dragged into service , Pitt neither oversells Lane 's bravery and action-hero abilities nor underplays his strength and quick-thinking skills . It 's a restrained but effective performance .
World War Z opens with an undeniable bang . But if this is the way the world ends , we 're going out with a whimper .
Despite some conventional passages and a soft ending , Forster and Brad Pitt , who is a producer of the film as well as its star , pulled the picture together . They also managed to reawaken in a large-scale movie the experience of shock .
Director Marc Forster ca n't do much with the stale human story , in which Pitt leaves his frightened wife and daughters on an aircraft carrier to await his return .
A sloppy , dull summer action flick .
Z has guts and energy . It starts its mayhem early and it never lets up .
One senses a disconnect between the more serious-minded disaster epic Brad Pitt and Marc Forster wanted to make and the movie they actually wound up with .
I have n't been this squeamish at a movie in a very long time . It 's an edge-of-your-seat thriller that does n't let up .
This apocalyptic take on Max Brooks ' novel is mesmerizing , scary , thoughtful , stylish and beautifully conceived .
Starting as a clever Contagion-style investigative thriller , this fiercely paced apocalyptic adventure begins to fall apart early on when smart logic is jettisoned for the more visceral thrills of seeing Brad Pitt save the planet .
It 's nearly impossible to make a credible PG-13 zombie movie in the age of `` The Walking Dead . ''
Pitt has the look , the beard , the athleticism and also the voice for movies on any scale .
When you are comparing a sequence to the Timothy Olyphant vehicle ` The Crazies ' and it is coming up equal ...
Sounds unlikely , but Brad Pitt + Zombies = Dull in this self-defeating , formulaic action film .
Tying this all together is Pitt whose steady , determined performance helps ground this ridiculous movie and give it an air of credibility it would otherwise be desperately clawing for .
Marc Forster 's `` World War Z , '' based on Max Brooks ' clever bestseller , delivers the doomsday goods , with a fresh take on the zombie thriller that 's just smart enough to stand apart from the blockbuster hordes .
World War Z may be a Frankenstein 's monster of a movie , but it crackles with just enough electricity to keep the story moving forward and take the audience along for the ride .
This was supposed to be the zombie movie to end all zombie movies . Foster and company only got the last half of that sentence right .
The law of diminishing returns kicks in early ... The film is not a bust , but its ending will leave you saying `` if only ... ''
A real surprise , from one sensational set-piece sequence to the next .
Not the best zombie movie ever made , but one of the best of the genre . You get zombie transformations , cities overrun by fast-moving undead , a family story with heart , plenty of good zombie kills , and some pseudo-science thrown in for nerds like me .
Zombies bad . Brad Pitt good .
World War Z is a perfectly decent thriller , the smartest and most sober action film so far this summer and a grown-up addition to the zombie canon .
It stays sleek and fast-moving , with a white-knuckle intensity we expect from summer tentpoles surrounded by a story that makes more sense than normal .
The familiar zombie routine has never been realized on such an epic scale , but that is the film 's only claim to novelty .
Whatever problems World War Z encountered in its making , the movie has made it to theaters not dead on arrival , but walking dead , running dead , and - when it 's really working - swarming dead .
-LRB- Pitt 's -RRB- character could use some Kevin McCarthy / ` Invasion of the Body Snatchers ' frantic demeanor .
The movie does n't work because it feels like you 're watching a really good R-rated film `` edited for television '' .
World War Z may represent a different approach to handling zombies , but it 's not necessarily an effective one .
This is tried-and-true storytelling and it works like a charm .
World War Z is rotten to the putrid core , which is amazing considering the amount of writers that had a chance to get this story right . Man , I 'm not even going to bother with a zombie pun on this one .
Wants to be a little bit of everything - a tense , edge-of-your-seat thriller , a star-powered summer blockbuster and chaotic zombie epic , but ultimately like the film 's antagonists , I did n't leave out feel very satisfied at all .
Totally uninvolving . Certainly the least scary zombie film I 've ever seen .
You 've read all the bad news . Now here 's some good news : it 's a fun movie .
The film has too many noticeable issues ; too many cooks in the kitchen without a satisfying recipe for disaster . Semi-decent for what it is , World War Z does n't accomplish anything 28 Days Later did n't 11 years ago for 1/25 of the budget .
Many of the action sequences are so chaotic that it 's almost impossible to sort out what 's happening . Additionally , the movie moves so fast that it is n't able to identify what 's truly at stake .
If one day somebody asks you to define what ` a Summer movie ' means , just answer : World War Z
Despite a huge budget , a lean , mean zombie machine that builds enormous tension by speeding through a succession of nail-biting set pieces .
The result is a movie that , while no classic , can be credited with giving the audience something a bit more substantive than the usual disposable summer fare .
The appropriation of Brooks ' name and source material seems more like an attempt to manufacture buzz and fan base attendance -LRB- subsequent disappointment and rage be damned -RRB- through the most shallow , cynical means possible .
A frantic zombie opus that strips away all the nuance of its innovative source material in favor of sheer cinematic spectacle .
Against considerable odds , the ability and professionalism of the cast and crew have carried the day .
-LSB- It -RSB- does not try to extend the boundaries of commercial entertainment but does what it can to find interesting ways to pass the time within them .
Given how efficiently World War Z has delivered jolts and screams over the course of its sleek 116-minute running time , it 's easy to forgive -LSB- its -RSB- rushed and slightly muted finale .
This enjoyable shambles of a sci-fi thriller , directed by Marc Forster in impressive 3-D , stands on its own as a powerful vision of planetary chaos .
From the heartbeat sound behind the opening logo to the seemingly innocent moments that turn ominous , the pacing is tight and the the characters and the puzzle weighty .
Director Marc Forster makes the most of the guns-and-guts direction . World War Z is at its best when the zombies -- a faster moving bunch than the typical lumbering variety -- sweep through the streets .
An uneven thriller that blends sociopolitical commentary with flashy set pieces , tense moments of scientific sleuthing and a touch of heart .
Once Hollywood gets its rabid fangs into a complex book , it often turns it into a shambling , snarling parody of itself .
A relentless horror thriller that serves up a chilling vision of a planet in the throes of apocalypse ...
A letdown with a strange mixture of epic apocalyptic material and generic zombie stuff .
World War Z is less intense than any given episode of The Walking Dead , but there are undeniably suspenseful moments nonetheless . It 's atmospheric and brainy .
The choreography is thought out , and the use of 3-D is at least good enough that I embarrassed myself , leaping in my seat to get out of the way of a zombie that was falling on me .
A fun , if not particularly emotionally engaging , thrill ride ... Unlike the best in the zombie genre , the movie does n't tap deep into the existential dread of succumbing to mob bloodlust and the fear of the crowd .
For a gore-free film , there are plenty of scares .
A smart , entertaining zombie flick that 's slightly cleverer and classier than most .
Apocalyptic hysteria aside , a movie this confused could n't possibly go out with a bang ... instead , it goes out with an ellipsis .
When the end result is so inconsistent , it 's hard not to wonder how things would have turned out if the filmmakers had trusted their initial inspiration .
World War Z is still as smart , shifty and scary as a starving zombie ready to chow down on you , baby , you .
World War Z knows how to eat its brains and use them too .
As Gerry , Pitt provides the requisite star power as the hero , but this one comes off as a less fun version of Indiana Jones .
The last third is pretty solid , if generic , zombie horror ; it 's unfortunately just stuck in a clunky mess of an attempted blockbuster .
The PG-13 rating making horror buffs complain about World War Z before seeing it actually turns out to be its finest trait ... . Director Marc Forster knows when to turn away from flesh ripping and kill shots , and what to put in their places .
Riveting , smart and cohesive , the movie is equally comfortable operating in scenes grand or intimate .
Smartly lighted , dramatically photographed , briskly paced and often suspenseful .
People assure me the original novel by Max Brooks is good . Perhaps I 'll reincarnate myself and read that instead .
The whole movie seems in many ways like a fortunate accident . But there 's no doubting the deliberate wisdom of making a star of Pitt 's talent and stature the lead .
It 's mediocre . Huzzah !
It 's not too scary . It 's not too gory , and it 's not too sad . It 's entirely satisfactory summer entertainment without much on its mind except distraction .
So let me be up front and clear -- I read and loved Max Brooks ' World War Z , and the film opening this weekend should be renamed Brad Pitt Saves the World .
Forster and company put enough of an effective spin on the material that ` World War Z ' still comes off as exciting and action-packed . -LRB- Full Parental Review also available -RRB-
An immensely entertaining film that also happens to be much smarter than your average summer blockbuster .
World War Z comes across as a smart and ambitious horror movie , a bio-disaster film along the lines of Contagion or 28 Days Later .
Uncommon intelligence and epic scope save WWZ .
It 's 2/3 's of a decent movie . The reworked ending kills it 's momentum and ends it on a very sour , underwhelming note .
Brad Pitt , Zombie Hunter : Gripping action-thriller that rushes from point A to point B. There 's just not a lot of Z .
This ambitious but confused rendering of Max Brooks ' sprawling novel about a worldwide zombie pandemic has good ideas but never melds them into a narrative with guts or heart .
Holy crap , it does n't suck .
Despite some major malfunctions , it 's no train wreck . In fact , it 's a rather energized horror picture , skillfully using the fantasy concept of a furious zombie outbreak to construct a representation of global pandemic hysteria .
One thing Forster 's done well is convey the sheer speed in which a major city can be brought down by the undead ... Of course , the decision to convert all this to 3D simply means that many of these quick moving action scenes become a chaotic blur ...
Hollywood executives can sleep a little easier at night , once again content in the knowledge that throwing enough money at a problem can solve it .
Takes a perceptive story about withering global society and makes it about the special treatment one invincible man receives from the government .
We 've seen it all before and seen it done far , far better . E.g. , 28 Weeks Later , the Holy Grail of the zombie-contagion genre .
`` World War Z '' manages to be scary without descending to in-your-face gore -- it wants to frighten its audience , not disgust them .
It 's not dreadful , just inconsequential .
It 's a smart and mostly satisfying blockbuster with the soul of a paranoid thriller .
Forster 's action scenes are fairly effective , if necessarily far-fetched , and his bouncy , race-track zombies are an interesting hybrid .
World War Z bucks the current trend in summer blockbusters by feeling weirdly understuffed . It 's an episodic adventure without enough episodes .
A genuine nail-biter .
World War Z looks and sounds and plays as if this is actually happening . As crazy as any zombie movie may seem , this one never comes across as an outlandish Hollywood fantasy .
-LSB- It -RSB- has a fragmentary feel , with its novel multipart style eventually turning a bit jarring .
Mild to an almost offensive degree , `` World War Z '' has a whole host of issues , but the most irresponsible of all is in turning a grand-scaled , epic story of an undead pandemic into such a benign experience .
A zombie film made by a parents group . A sanitised entry into the genre to ensure that twelve year-olds can lap up the action without mum or dad having to wash their sheets in the morning
big-budget schlock too content to rely on cheap theatrics to tap into anything more substantive , even if its reportedly extensive re-shoots resulted in a third act that is considerably more engaging than the previous two .
The crisp , frenetic pacing turns dull and nonsensical as World War Z takes a detour for the silly in its third act .
The surprise of the absorbing , frightening `` World War Z '' is that what sounds ridiculous on paper turns out be a gripper on the screen .
Entertaining as hell .
Essentially , it boils down to familiar fare : a well-paced , entertaining , conventional action thriller where a reluctant hero saves the day .
Pretty much what you 'd want in a summer blockbuster : scary but not-too-gross zombies , a journey to exotic locales , a few excellent action scenes , and did we mention Pitt ?
-LSB- It -RSB- may be the most entertaining and accomplished zombie thriller since George A. Romero 's Dawn of the Dead ...
Fast , furious and ferocious , `` World War Z '' proves there 's plenty of bite left in zombie cinema .
Plays with scale in ways that allows it to feel like a big movie at times but it also has enough intimate moments to keep sight of the fact that it 's a character piece .
The zombies twitch , leap , gnash , and destroy , but the film has all the thrill and surprise of a model U.N. summit .
'' ... a B picture on a massive budget . ''
-LSB- H -RSB- as no guts of any kind : it has absolutely nothing to say , and it takes a long , dull , circuitous route to get to that nothing .
Brad Pitt lends his action hero a bit of soul and conscience , unusual traits for men who normally act rather than think .
No movie this blatantly cobbled together ought to work nearly as well as World War Z does .
Whatever caused all the production angst on this film I do n't know , but you never get the feeling that Forster loses control of the images , and `` World War Z '' contains several of the most effective big-canvas action sequences in recent history .
Even as big-budget blockbusters go , this is a hard movie to connect with .
Watchable enough thanks to Pitt 's performance but it 's neither as scary nor as gripping as it should have been .
World War Z is a perfectly well-structured story , a character-driven picture that delivers on the scares , intelligently told and thrillingly realised .
Epic scope , intimate action and enough in there to see it as a disaster movie for our times .
The stakes are high and the excitement 's there and the results ... are messy but fairly entertaining .
Other than the CGI eye candy , which is intense , there is little in the way of layers and complexity to this portrait of pandemonium .
-LSB- It -RSB- has a relatively plausible perspective on mass catastrophe . It deserves comparisons to Steven Soderbergh 's brainy `` Contagion . ''
It 's formulaic and predictable , but the thrill of watching Brad Pitt survive the impossible and do his part to save the world makes it a satisfying offering for the summer season .
Thrilling special effects and a global scale almost make up for World War Z 's perfunctory zombie movie cliches .
It is an acceptable summer movie escape , but the implication at the end of the film that there will be a demand for a sequel may be wishful thinking .
Robustly mounted , magnificently photographed and bone-crunchingly terrifying , World War Z towers above every other alleged summer blockbuster . It 's the real deal .
An intelligent , riveting and terrifying thriller .
In the leading role , Brad Pitt is a good fit as the film 's strong yet reluctant hero .
Not `` the ultimate zombie movie . '' But quite good , and the opening 25 minutes will leave you breathless .
Brad Pitt 's hero lacks personality . All we know is that he loves his family , but no one has given him or his relations any exceptional qualities .
Itbecomes increasingly difficult to pin any message at all on Marc Forster 's astonishingly expensive and extensively re-written -LRB- and re-shot -RRB- blockbuster . And you know what ? I did n't mind in the least .
It 's just a jumped-up midnight movie that thinks `` stuff jumping out at you and making loud noises '' equals horror and `` perfect human being impervious to everything '' equals hero .
What 's missing is a sense of loss - the horror and grief that should be etched on the faces of the living .
The movie essentially becomes little more than cool set pieces ... jammed together and interspersed with underdeveloped family-strife scenes .
World War Z is not a horror film , nor is it a deeply thought-provoking political thriller . But it is a fine action picture , and a good Brad Pitt movie .
Here 's the oddest element in this tale of Hollywood fine-tuning run rampant : the movie is pretty good -- the summer 's most urgent , highest-I.Q. action picture .
It 's an anemic actioner that fosters excitement like dead limbs as it lumbers toward a conclusion .
For all its effectiveness at portraying the horror of possible human extinction , the film 's actual humans are so soulless that this could just as well be the movie version of the video game Plants vs. Zombies .
Whether it 's due to the presence of a true star like Brad Pitt or the sheer force of the first 2/3 of the story , `` World War Z '' is a good time at the movies .
It 's an adventure that literally spans the globe at a breakneck pace before shifitng into a tense , suspense-filled final frame .
Not many brains get munched , but plenty of people use them .
Marc Foster brings a perfect balance to all of the elements found in World War Z. It 's scary yet not in a manipulative way , grim yet never overbearing in its bleakness , and juggles the intimate with the epic .
Zombies in Philly , zombies in Jerusalem - even zombies in the projects of Newark ! Innovative and terrifying - ` World War Z ' is arguably the best zombie film since 1968 's ` Night of the Living Dead . '
A chewy , capable , mainstream flick which accommodates both those suffering from zombie fatigue and those who ca n't get enough .
Forster moves the action forward deftly scene by scene , yet the movie ends up feeling sprawling and empty , a `` zombies invaded the world and all I got was a lousy T-shirt '' enterprise .
This nightmarish travelogue is coy about gore , but it 's still an effective thrill-ride .
Part disaster movie , part sci-fi and part zombie movie - none of the parts being particularly satisfying but at least the sc-fi element is interesting
Brad Pitt , zombies and an all-out assault of chaos , stunts , 3D special effects and a surprisingly good script all resonate in this hero 's journey with scale , style and bite
World War Z , you see , is also World War Z-axis , as its ` more is more ' approach gradually consumes itself , bloodlessly . Those who survive the experience will shuffle away shaken , but also numb and struggling to care .
Forster delivers big-scale action entertainment , a compelling work that flexes its own sinewy muscles while still fulfilling the hopes of zombie fans , who have wanted to see the walking dead given the mega-budget treatment for some time .
A riveting , intense , visceral , smart and exciting summer movie that will rock your world .
Pitt makes for a compelling onscreen presence as usual and Director Forster definitely delivers some truly wondrous moments of cinematic spectacle in WWZ that make for a movie that 's worth experiencing on the big screen
Love it or hate it , this ` World War Z ' is its own thing .
As I understand it , fidelity to Max Brooks ' novel has been scant at best , but neither that nor countless post-production woes prevent Paramount 's adaptation from serving as an efficient and effectively exciting globe-spanning zombie thriller .
Horror fans should expect a mindless popcorn muncher jam-packed with incredible set pieces .
The family dynamic quickly establishes WWZ as a somewhat character driven thriller , and it is better off for that .
Will you care ? If you just like looking at stuff that 's cool , sure . If you were hoping Brad Pitt would stretch his acting muscles , or that Max Brooks ' novel would be faithfully adapted ... possibly less so .
As has been with the trend with tentpoles this summer , World War Z is n't truly bad ; it 's competently made and has enough memorable moments or scenes to make you walk out feeling like you were n't cheated out of the ticket price .
While some of World War Z is rotten , the whole stands as a punchy , if conventional action thriller .
A more apt title would be World War Zzzzz ...
The film captures little of the chilling plausibility present in the original book . Adjust your expectations , however , and there 's a surprisingly fun ride to be had .
Forster and co. have produced what just might be the dullest zombie movie ever made .
It ignores or fudges various geopolitical realities , and in fumbling away one of the chief strengths of its source material morphs into just another anonymous quasi-post-apocalyptic blockbuster .
This is a surprisingly smart , gripping and imaginative addition to the zombie-movie canon .
Brad Pitt delivers a capable performance in an immersive apocalyptic spectacle about a global zombie uprising .
From the superb opening assault on a gridlocked Philadelphia this thrilling action movie barely pauses for breath .
World War Z is a big , sweeping -- and fairly fresh -- take on the age-old zombie genre .
Choosing quantity over quality , intensity over tension and big-screen thrills over low-fi shocks - this is probably what the zombie apocalypse will actually look like .
There 's no heart to be found amid the guts .
World War Z is just not quite creative or original enough .
More an action blockbuster than a horror squelcher , it contains spectacular crowd scenes that have a Hieronymus Bosch quality , but the film lacks strong meat - of the emotional and bloody zombie-cannibal sort .
Everything about the film moves at a breakneck pace , including the zombies . It 's a total rush .

@highlight

It 's uneven and diverges from the source book , but World War Z still brings smart , fast-moving thrills and a solid performance from Brad Pitt to the zombie genre .