Amelia is not a movie to disenchant , it is simply not a film that will go down in history ... -LSB- Full review in Spanish -RSB-
Unfortunately , the drama is nil , and the laughs come thick and fast .
As a rule , biopics are really hard to do , and that 's because it 's almost impossible to strike the perfect balance between truth and drama .
What on the surface looks like a plush period piece with best picture aspirations , is actually a bland biopic of an otherwise interesting figure in Amelia .
Stuart Dryburgh 's sweeping panoramas of Canada and Cape Town % u2013 standing in for Nairobi , Papua New Guinea and Hawaii % u2013 deserve to be enjoyed on the big screen .
Feels like a tomb , lending itself to a slow , quiet pace that 's possibly meant to be reflective but is instead dirgelike .
While Amelia was no airhead , the film flies above the fray , barely skimming the surface of a life and time , including traumatic world wars , the Great Depression and her mystery disappearance .
It has beautiful cinematography , a star performance that is shocking in its authenticity , a careful eye for nuance and detail and an irresistible blend of action and romance that should spell automatic success .
Watching Ms. Swank struggle to emote through carefully-patterned enunciation is an exercise in patience .
Never takes off .
Amelia provides only a cursory look at Earhart 's commercialization , more a way to delineate her marriage troubles than investigate her self-image or her treatment as a pop star .
Much like one of Earhart 's trans-Atlantic flights Amelia just goes on and on without deviation .
When it takes to the skies Amelia really soars with thrilling recreations of Earhart 's solo flights but when it returns to earth all that remains is soap opera .
Swank 's moving performance , the period dressing and beautiful planes all appeal , but dramatically it does n't really soar .
Inoffensive , arcane and ultimately rather sweet , ` Amelia ' is one to take your grandmother to .
Hilary Swank is forced to deliver dialogue that sounds as if it was written in Chinese and then translated into English by a computer .
A tinny and barnacled affair , showcasing a peculiarly awful performance from Hilary Swank .
If you 're the kind of person who deplores the modern vogue for debunking historical figures , and who welcomes the opportunity to indulge in heroic feats and lush landscapes ... then this is the film for you .
The movie is so dragging and dull that it 's a squandered opportunity .
-LSB- Earhart 's -RSB- trajectory from bubbling wannabe to national treasure is never less than compelling thanks to a no-nonsense performance from Swank .
An extraordinary life winds up feeling like a series of random blips on the radar screen .
For a movie that desperately wants to be inspirational , Mira Nair 's Amelia is a disappointingly earthbound hagiography .
This limp biopic may inspire you to reach for the air sickness bag .
Nowhere is there any sign of the passion that Amelia must have had .
Amelia was a great adventurer and an inspirational woman . But you would hardly know it from this uninspiring romantic slush .
Woodenly acted and grinningly bland , this Amelia Earhart life story turns Hilary Swank and Richard Gere , playing the aviatrix 's publisher husband , into virtual Thunderbirds puppets .
The look of the movie - suave Art Deco lines and 1930s fashions - is blameless , though helpless to counter the Ron Bass screenplay , guaranteed to drain the life out of any drama it touches .
It fails to engage on an emotional level , like a docu-drama or a made-for-TV movie . And Amelia always feels exactly like Hilary Swank wearing false teeth and talking in a funny voice .
Amelia is never less than watchable thanks to gorgeous cinematography and strong performances but the script 's insistence on playing it safe prevents it from becoming the film it could have been .
Last time Swankatron went a-courting awards , she did so with the amazing Million Dollar Baby . But this biopic of legendary pilot Amelia Earhart is a hundred times blander .
Top marks go to them for making a technically sumptuous looking movie but in terms of story and direction Amelia fails to take off .
What should have been a soaring , inspirational , complex epic has been grounded by bad storytell ADVERTISEMENT ing , chocolate-box visuals , rubbish star turns and another awful US accent from a Ewan McGregor .
Oscar-winning actress Hilary Swank gives Earhart a convincing Kansas twang but little else in a performance that is unaccountably stiff .
This terrific true story has been so overproduced that there 's virtually no life left in it
Hilary Swank captures her beautifully .
Towards the end , as the story returns to that round-the-world flight , the suspense kicks in , and Swank 's performance comes into its own .
The period detail is brilliantly brought to life , but the film is superficial , lacking the passion of its heroine .
Swanks ' clear shot at a third statuette is blocked by hulkingly dull writing and direction that could point the way towards a definitive cure for insomnia .
... it is a film that fails to soar even a little bit despite being about one of the greatest flyers in the history of the planet .
Amelia is a film that could have been great , but instead is an average film about an extraordinary person .
Not so much a film as it is the world 's dullest diorama brought to semi-life .
Its insights are mostly superficial in nature , and where I was hoping for complexity and nuance all I received were melodramatic platitudes that did nothing to enlighten me to the driving force behind this woman 's desires .
Amelia reminds us how little we really know about the lives of famous achievers who changed the world , and underlines the power of biography on screen . It 's a creatively and technically accomplished film with thrills and emotional action in equal measure
Romance edges ahead of adventure or characterisations and as a result , despite a soaring lead performance by Hilary Swank , the film suffers from a fatal dose of melodrama
Although it has moments that soar , the movie as a whole never quite gets off the ground
Reduces the story of this feminine icon into a typical Hollywood romantic triangle , albeit one with some beautifully staged aerial set pieces .
In its effort to be one of the first Oscar-bait titles out of the gate , the stately but sterile Amelia ends up stumbling over its own feet .
The movie is like a plane you see off in the distance : You recognize it 's a plane but its details are indistinct .
In one fell swoop , Mira Nair and company have set the genre back 64 years . That 's probably some kind of accomplishment .
A fine tribute to an American pioneer , but I feel sure that Earhart 's story merits , and would reward , a more searching and thoughtful exploration .
Director Mira Nair stays within the safe parameters -LSB- of the biopic -RSB- in bringing the life of Amelia Earhart to the screen .
Eventually I just wanted her to crash the damn plane so I could go home already .
Wwhy does such an exciting life make such a dull movie ?
Those expecting a stirring portrait of a feminist pioneer will be disappointed by the ethereal ambiguity of ` Amelia . '
Amelia is handsome yet predictable and high-minded -- not a dud , exactly , but too proper , too reserved for its swaggering subject .
It 's all so glancing and superficial that the movie does n't seem to have a present tense . It goes by like coming attractions . It is , however , a treasury of bad biopic dialogue .
Smotheringly conventional
So what happens when the audience gets disconnected ? They get bored . They lose focus . In a two hour movie this can be devastating .
A dull , torturous bore . Could Earhart 's life really have been this uninteresting ?
What a fresh but sorrowful journey .
What could be more exciting than a biopic with Hilary Swank playing a world famous aviatrix ? Perhaps a movie filled with more passion for dreaming than a screenplay that seems written from Earhart 's history-making timelines .
... an unsatisfying , frivolous , insubstantial look at someone whom some think of as an American idol .
less engaging than a game of connect-the-dots , which is , essentially , all this is
A quiet , reserved , and unexpectedly small picture about an aviation pioneer whose historical legacy ... has become larger than life .
The key to selling a story is making people believe it 's real . That 's the trouble with Amelia -- I did n't buy a minute of it .
The characters look and sound more like animatronic figures at the Air & Space Museum than real-life history makers . Every sanitized , faux-jolly line of script is spoken like it 's from a decades-old toothpaste commercial .
The movie is weighted down by a weak and bland script , wooden acting and a sluggish pace . Boredom sets in at the 90-minute mark as a superficial approach makes all the characters seem one-dimensional .
` Amelia ' plays less like a movie and more like a timeline .
Near the end though , when they talk about coming home , that almost feels like she 's saying , ` Two days to retirement . '
Even a two time Oscar winner like Hilary Swank ca n't make Amelia soar like it should .
Directed by Mira Nair and executive-produced by its star Hilary Swank , the movie seems oddly preoccupied with the audience 's approval for its subject .
-LSB- A -RSB- quiet , reflective film ... Earhart is not an icon or a symbol : she 's a human being ... -LSB- T -RSB- he assumption of autonomy ... is a luxury rarely accorded to women in our pop culture , and it is wonderful to see here .
A biodrama about an extraordinary woman aviatrix who followed her passion and blazed a trail for others to do the same .
This film , coming 72 years after Earhart vanished -- plays it awfully safe .
Amelia is n't a terrible movie , but its greatest value will be as a history lesson rather than as entertainment .
Seldom has a bio 's style clashed so deafeningly with its content .
Burns a lot of fuel over the idea that Earhart was not just a hero of the air but an original feminist -- an iconoclast in jodhpurs and a necktie whose addiction to the ` freedom ' of flight was representative of womankind 's yearning for independence ...
The movie is as conventional a biopic as Earhart was an unconventional woman .
Amelia is not very good , and not very good in ways that collect and showcase all the familiar failings of the classic biopic .
Amelia modestly succeeds at inspiring its audience and provides a remarkably well-rounded role model for modern women , thanks to a terrific performance by Hilary Swank .
Period biopic is uplifting but does n't truly soar .
Alas , excesses of any pleasurable kind are absent from this exasperatingly dull production .
We are continuously at the mercy of the reverential , underscored by ever-billowing crescendos of voluminous orchestrations . Someone want to turn the treacle down ?
Swank is fake-freckled and bewigged and bears a striking resemblance to Amelia . It is too bad the character was not better written .
Critics may balk but Amelia is old fashioned in the best sense and soars as a big , beautiful and sweeping motion picture biography about a true American legend .
Every scene is glazed with a kind of Cheez Whiz glow .
a boring movie full of mockable dialogue , dreadful acting and long , supposedly poetic narration which could induce a coma if you do n't have enough caffeine flowing through your veins .
Parental Content Review
A movie so generic that it could have been about anyone ... like sitting through an endless series of story conferences , in which the life is slowly sifted out of the material .
Look , nobody 's asking for a miniseries here , but at times the movie feels more like a History Channel documentary -- respectful to the point of reverential -- than a rip-snorting yarn .
The film discreetly tiptoes around rumors of Earhart 's reputed bisexuality -LRB- `` Maybe at one time , '' she says -RRB- and her relationship with aviation pioneer Gene Vidal -LRB- Ewan McGregor impersonating a department-store dummy -RRB- .
Better luck trying to find out what truly happened to the real Earhart than trying to diagnose all that 's wrong with this hapless film .
The film comes across as both hopelessly dated and as a shortchanging of the true tale of one of the 20th century 's pioneers .
`` Who wants a life imprisoned in safety ? '' Amelia asks in a voice-over . And you want to shout , `` This movie does , honey . '' There 's not a real or spontaneous minute in it .
Director Mira Nair dresses that up with visual grace , with shots of clouds and sky that are beautiful and elusive enough to escape the tinge of cliche . But the basic bones of the story are the problem here .
It leaves the odd impression of being merely a very long trailer for a film you 'd actually love to see .
Courting Oscar with unseemly lust , while also promoting Earhart as an early feminist , the film strives too hard to be profound and not enough to be merely human .
his embalmed drama is a ghost from the '80s , a decade that regularly produced surprise-free , caramelized biopics . The airless Amelia is missing practically everything .
Dear Hilary Swank : We 've seen your spunky act . Do you have anything else ? Signed , Everyone .
Amelia is a conventional , competent and often very pretty film ; it 's just never as interesting as the woman at its center .
When -LRB- Swank -RRB- steps into the right role , she wears and inspires it like Denzel Washington .
Shallow and superficial , it 's far better suited to the Biography channel than the big-screen .
Earhart must have been more interesting than the film makes her out to be , and more magnetic than the airhead as Swank interprets her .
Amelia goes airborne but never fully soars . It 's hampered by a too-reverential portrait of the record-breaking aviator .
In the running for the dullest , most lifeless biopic of the decade .
A cast full of actors who seem to believe that playing people who lived in the past requires affectations that make them all sound like newsreel announcers .
So forgettable that I 'm almost happy Fox Searchlight held the film back for week-of-release screenings because if I saw this awhile ago , I would n't remember enough about it to write a review .
Instead of soaring alongside Amelia , we 're left grounded by a script that spends too much time on her love life and not enough time on what made her an extraordinary woman .
If ... you have completed a third grade social studies class , this biopic will only tell you what you already know then tell you a third time but not before telling you a second time .
Stiff biopic of the legendary flier skims the surface of her achievements but never quite takes off .
It just never takes off .
we 're treated to little more than generic montages and lots of '30s - style news reels . Lots and lots of news reels .
Amelia leaves you wondering how its abundantly gifted director , Mira Nair , and its Oscar-winning star , Hilary Swank , could have been complicit in such clumsiness .
A by-the-book bio-pic .
Amelia is a perfectly sound biopic , well directed and acted , about an admirable woman .
With any luck this biopic of Amelia Earhart will also vanish without a trace .
If there 's one thing Amelia wants us to know , it 's that Amelia Earhart was her own woman . If there 's another thing ... I do n't have a clue what it could be .
-LSB- A -RSB- gauzy biopic -LSB- with -RSB- gorgeous scenery , beautiful period costumes , and a love affair worthy of a Lifetime movie .
History can weigh heavily on a filmmaker , and that is what happens with Amelia , a disappointing rendering of the remarkable life of Amelia Earhart .
A director can do only so much with a script ... that feels like it 's on the runway , waiting , even when it 's up in the air .
Hilary Swank certainly looks the part and ... fits the period well , ... but although her Amelia talks about her love of flight , Nair fails to really make us feel it .
Amelia Earhart is known for being an aviation pioneer and , ultimately , a mystery , but the new biopic with Hilary Swank as the groundbreaking pilot has added a surprising new word to the mix : boring .
Swank 's resemblance to Earhart is uncanny , but the result is verisimilitude without engagement % u2014 a risk-taker 's story told entirely without narrative risk , and a movie that consequently never takes flight .
Who was Amelia Earhart , really ? It 's a good question . Unfortunately , it 's one beyond Amelia .
Amelia attempts the yeoman 's task of recounting a tale about which it has virtually nothing to say .
Swank makes it look easier than it probably should be . She 's equally charming and vulnerable , which were evidently a couple of the traits of the real-life Earhart . And that 's a good thing , because the film often sputters , sways and wobbles ...
Overly glorifies its human subject , cautious to get its hands dirty and dig beneath the surface of Earhart 's public life . And yet , even so , Hilary Swank is a joy to watch .
By no means the perfect biopic , but one that covers a lot of ground in telling Amelia Earhart 's story . The amount of research that went into -LRB- it -RRB- is fairly impressive .
Glossy , stodgy and unfailingly conventional , Amelia sets out to inspire an audience but never feels inspired itself .
Though this traditional story about a defiantly nontraditional woman does n't always soar , it fits Hilary Swank , its producer/star , like a jumpsuit . She and Nair thrill to the life of this American who broke records , hearts , and boundaries .
-LSB- Swank is -RSB- so constrained by mannerisms that she never gets beyond the character 's surface -- although to be fair , trying to import feeling into the movie 's stilted dialogue is like trying to fly a plane blindfolded .
Gere and McGregor are fine actors , but Nair uses them like the expendable males -LRB- Zachary Scott , Franchot Tone , et al -RRB- who stood back and let Bette Davis and Joan Crawford do all the heavy lifting back in the day .
At least Amelia is consistent . It continually squanders potential like that , turning a pioneering woman 's soaring story into a conventional love story that never takes flight .
Period details , from 1928 to 1937 , are so clichéd that someone might as well announce onscreen , `` Gosh , these '20s certainly are Roaring ! ''
Its portrayal of Earhart 's drive and fearlessness never really gets to the heart of this bold , driven individual or explains why she needed so badly to break beyond Earth 's boundaries .
Apart from the costume design , Amelia does not deserve any award buzz at all .
Comes off more like a museum exhibit than a vital drama ... Amelia never takes flight , but it certainly crashes .
What the film offers is melodrama , more interested in the aviatrix 's bedroom activities than her spirit . Amelia hunts for complexity , but it only achieves a tedious middle ground .
... essentially anything interesting she did is handled via old newsreel footage and newspaper headlines flying at the screen . The 1976 NBC TV movie starring Susan Clark showed us all the action , yet a modern movie ca n't ?
Although Amelia is too conventionally constructed to attain the heights of Martin Scorsese 's `` The Aviator , '' the cinematography and Depression-era props are splendid . Swank , of course , is too .
Two-time Academy Award winner Hilary Swank ca n't give any lift to Amelia , a soggy , un-engaging biopic .
Amelia is a frustratingly old-school , Hollywood-style , inspirational biopic about Amelia Earhart that does n't trust a viewer 's independent assessment of the famous woman pictured on the screen .
Amelia earns a pass , corny as it sometimes is . The lady earned her wings , and Swank , especially , more than does right by both the woman and the legend .
Told in final-flight flashback -LRB- naturally -RRB- with cumulus cloud scene wipes -LRB- of course ! -RRB- , Earhart 's life is reduced to a series of solemnized wide-screen tableaux populated by locale-specific extras acting as starstruck filler .
Shallow and conventional , Amelia , yet another version of the legendary aviatrix , is a total misfire , unfolding as a narrated photo album with plot that 's all turning points but no real substance , fully fleshed characters or significant issues .
Swank and Nair play it safe to the point of benumbing this woman 's life , leaving Earhart as remote and muted as she is in the black-and-white photos and news footage of the aviator included at the film 's end .
Swank has fun in the role - I have n't seen her smile this much in years - but she is n't given much complicated to do besides frustrate her friends when she digs in her heels .
Top-flight portrayal of the aviator by Hilary Swank is an instant bio classic .
To say that Amelia never gets off the ground would be an understatement ; it barely makes it out of the hangar .












@highlight

Amelia takes the compelling raw materials of its subject 's life and does little with them , conventionally ticking off Earhart 's accomplishments without exploring the soul of the woman .