The fact that it 's two minorities who are slinging racially charged comments at each other does n't make it acceptable or funny .
It may be clichéd and unoriginal , but it accomplished something that most other movies in the genre failed to do : It made me , and a theater full of people , laugh quite a bit .
Too many scenes are forced and seem out of place .
Good intentions and a good cast do not necessarily a good film make .
Except for Mencia , who should never be allowed near a camera again , Our Family Wedding is n't particularly awful , but that 's about the best that can be said about it .
This inexplicable Hollywood movie contains a shocking collection of racial stereotypes ...
Lacks a single legitimate laugh , despite engineering the humping of Forest Whitaker 's leg by a priapic goat . Do n't ask .
My Big Fat Rubbish Wedding .
A goat eats Forest Whitaker 's Viagra . Do you really want me to tell you what happens ?
This leaden romantic comedy feels like a pilot for a television series that never made the grade .
Too much lowest common denominator thinking sabotages any merits this might have had .
Do you recall a racial culture-clash comedy from 1967 called Guess Who 's Coming To Dinner ? This is an appalling , crass , 21st-century rehash of the same idea .
Lance 's family are black . America 's family are Mexican . And hilarity ensues ! Supposedly .
Over four decades have passed since the ground-breaking Guess Who 's Coming To Dinner first crossed the interracial romantic divide . But while this update intends solely to amuse , its sense of humour is as weak as the supposedly happy couple at its core .
A tedious and unnecessary rehash of many better films , this serves only to cast further doubt on the credentials of Oscar winner Forest Whitaker and the big screen career of America Ferrera .
An idea that might have worked as a sit-com but comes off lackluster in the format of a feature film , ` Our Family Wedding ' is as predictable as can be .
When a biracial couple -LRB- America Ferrera and Lance Gross -RRB- tell their families about their engagement , everything goes awry in this formulaic flick . One particular low point : A goat at the wedding reception swallows Viagra and runs amok . Ha ha ha !
Like a lobotomized Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ? -- with a horny goat thrown in .
so lacking in anything remotely fresh , humorous , interesting , or entertaining that you have to invent reasons for its existence
Yikes .
This film is not as funny as the Bernie Mac film , ` Guess Who ? , ' as it 's long in the tooth , and very predictable from start to finish .
The cast of this film deserves a better movie but then so does the audience .
I did n't buy a word of this thing and I did n't laugh enough .
Alternately flat and overwrought .
One act into Our Family Wedding and the two soon-to-be-marrieds start thinking eloping is a better idea . They should have .
It 's not toppling Father of the Bride for status in the canon of wedding movies but for a film that gently negotiates the tensions of family and race , it 's not too bad .
I just saved you a lot of aggravation . You owe me .
You 'll wish Lucia and Marcus had eloped and taken you with them .
Conventional wedding comedy is an ` I do ' for families .
Only the cast -- led by Whitaker and Mencia as they begrudgingly bond between squabbling sessions -- makes it bearable .
Here 's all you need to know about Our Family Wedding : It thinks that feeding a goat an entire bottle of Viagra is the height of hilarity .
To anyone who has ever sparked up a TV set , let alone entered a movie theatre , all this is perfectly evident in the first five minutes .
Alternately rancid and ridiculous , strident and sickly sweet , Our Family Wedding offers plenty that 's old , borrowed and blue ; it 's the something new that 's missing .
Although I had a giddy good time watching the movie , I 'm pretty sure I hated it ; but I so enjoyed hating it that I pretty much loved it . The bottom line is laughter does n't lie .
-LSB- A -RSB- slick , slapsticky , forgettable comedy , a cool-jazz riff on upper-middle-class American families sorting through misconceptions .
Our Family Wedding plays out like an elongated Disney TV episode , going precisely where you expect every inch of the way .
A modest culture-clash ensemble comedy that distinguishes itself from the formula pack by treating its characters with respect .
Despite being as predictable and derivative as a wedding singer 's playlist , there 's just enough sweetness , and just enough smiles , to keep it from falling flat .
Blacks and Latinos finally star together in a major movie as wretched as anything whites have done
Misguided and embarrassing for all those involved ; could have easily been a segment in the atrocious Valentine 's Day
The only bouquet anyone 's going to catch from this contrivance has the aroma of stale comedy .
Sweetly amiable yet hackneyed , filled with contrived coincidence and cliche-laden bickering .
A cringeworthy , unfunny example of a culture-clash romantic comedy .
Rick Famuyiwa 's movie repeatedly trips and falls on its way up the aisle .
Ferrera and Gross are the most appealing pair I 've seen in awhile ; their calm confidence is a welcome antidote to the unrealistic couples who 've been cluttering our screens way too long .
Instead of invitations , they should be sending out apologies for Our Family Wedding , a cake-and-kisses comedy that has disaster written all over it and not for the right reasons .
Ferrara , as the would-be bride , and King , as her sensible in-law , brighten the movie every time they appear . Whitaker and Mencia are also appealing , as is Diana Maria-Riva as Ferrara 's mom .
It 's a testament to the cast that the entire enterprise is more entertaining than it has a right to be .
The likable cast keep things watchable , particularly handsome Gross , who is surely destined for bigger things , and Ferrera , who 's still as sweetly unaffected on-screen as she was back in Real Women Have Curves .
This mixed-race page from the Meet the Parents book is a tasteless exercise in familiarity and contempt .
Wait till the DVD release .
These performers all deserve better , funnier material than this lame , occasionally offensive , multicultural comedy-drama can offer .
Our Family Wedding is another Hollywood fast-food sandwich . But instead of two squirts of ketchup someone actually took the time to lay some fresh tomato on that greasy bun .
These are all supposed to be believable characters , but none of them are .
There 's something very troubling underneath .
Parental Content Review
As wilted as last weekend 's bridesmaid bouquet , `` Our Family Wedding '' manages to be offensive to African-Americans , Latinos , women , men , and sentient life forms of any kind .
A rancid ode to the quainter , simpler times before integration and that pesky Civil Rights Movement got in the way .
Finally ! A movie than combines all the gender bashing of terrible TV commercials and awful sitcoms ... with the repulsive wedding porn of every other romantic comedy of recent years .
A crude culture clash sitcom in which both groups lose -- along with those of us who belong to neither .
The actual dramatic conflict -- two families united through marriage -- is colorblind . That approach might seem evolved , if the screenplay was n't so stupid .
Writer/director Rick Famuyiwa 's version of interracial marriage is about as much fun as a trip to the dentist .
Most comedies would be content to mine the comic possibilities of Viagra only once , especially if they 're going to devote considerable screen time to the dramatic acting of Carlos Mencia .
At the heart of the story , of course , is the always delightful Ferrera as the bride-to-be caught upsetting either the man she loves or the family she also loves .
Any time you 're making a comedy and you feel you need to add a goat that eats Viagra and attaches itself to someone 's leg , you 're probably in trouble .
They 're all generally nice people , so there 's no reason why they would n't get along , except for reasons forced .
Vacuous and contrived .
Intensely unfunny and persistently insipid , the picture is a chore to sit through , especially with a filmmaker who 's clearly working outside of his gifts .
Laughs ? Sorry , they did n't RSVP for this affair . Neither should you .
You almost miss the laugh track . Difficult problems are sidestepped , arguments are overacted , and there are three food fights involving wedding cakes .
Unfortunately , but inevitably , Famuyiwa never gets this boulder rolling fast enough to keep its carpet of ancient moss from showing .
Be prepared to swallow a lot of empty-calorie jokes in which blacks and Latinos insult and misunderstand one another in a spirit of vigorous buffoonery before dancing together in maniacal harmony during the never-in-doubt wedding-scene finale .
A broad and formulaic culture-clash comedy built on fill-in-the-blank wedding comedy clichés .
The interracial meet-the-parents setup pioneered in 1967 by Stanley Kramer 's Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner gets a modest comic update in Rick Famuyiwa 's Our Family Wedding .
An unconvincingly broad culture-clash comedy whose Latino and African-American ensemble might 've made for a progressive film if director and co-writer Rick Famuyiwa had n't pandered to the lowest common denominator .
Famuyiwa has made a mostly charming movie despite its cliche milieu .
A broad rom-com that trods over old territory of cultural clashes .
This broad ethnic farce serves up a full-on culture collision , but -- thanks to a handful of diverting performers -- stops just short of becoming a train wreck .
The culture clash is muy muted in this alternately sweet and dumb comedy .






@highlight

Our Family Wedding is a mirthless , contrived affair that does little with its promising premise and talented cast .