An obvious homage to the great screwballs of the past , films in which women were zany , mad things , and men were sticks in the mud , Miss Pettigrew packs a surprising amount of heart into a silk charmeuse , marabou puff of a story .
Fanciful wit to spare , and Adams is sheer delight .
A valentine to a by-gone era ; one of the ten best films of 2008
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is a well-acted comedy with enough old-fashioned qualities to make it an enjoyable experience for long-standing audiences .
The spectre of impending war hangs heavily in the background of this romantic comedy , giving it a bit more heft .
Period comedies are a tough act to swallow for some , but if you are on the fence at all , please make sure Miss Pettigrew lives for more than just one day . ''
There 's not a lot to it really -- no deep underlying message other than an exploration of women 's roles in society at the time .
In short , Miss Pettigrew Lives For A Day is fluffy and forgettable , but it 's also undeniably entertaining , thanks to pacey direction and delightful performances from McDormand and Adams .
McDormand is left trying for emotional depth in a sea of middling farce and semi-sophisticated comedy .
McDormand brings a Chaplinesque pathos to this snappy period comedy . Fabulous frocks , tasty men , female bonding , art deco apartments to die for ; it 's like Sex And The City set in 1930s London . I could have happily watched it for hours ...
It 's lucky that Amy Adams and Frances McDormand lend their best charms to Miss Pettigrew Lives For A Day , otherwise this featherweight Art Deco fancy might drift away like a soap bubble , and go ` pop ! '
American Lee Pace , from TV 's Pushing Daisies , manages not one but several creditable English accents , sometimes unfortunately all in the same sentence , but whose emotional depth shows up this ball of fluff as insubstantial . Forgettable .
The laughs are gentle but regular and all roles are played brilliantly , especially McDormand and the gorgeous Amy Adams as Delysia . Miss Pettigrew is 90 minutes of charming escapism - a perfect movie for mums .
Making a film usually involves a script , a director and a budget . Miss Pettigrew , on the other hand , is so unbelievably frothy , it looks as if it was prepared using merely a bucket of warm water and some soap flakes .
I ca n't imagine it appealing much to anyone below the age of 70 . It offers a stale , rather than nostalgic , whiff of brilliantine and moth-eaten antimacassars .
Stagey fluff , yes , but old romantics will spare a sigh for the fairytale fade-out .
They do n't make them like that anymore ? Well , no . But Miss Pettigrew makes for a fun , fluffy substitute .
Despite its limitations , I found it impossible to dislike this frail little tale .
McDormand is frankly bland and unresponsive in a role she clearly could n't care less about ; Adams 's wide-eyed ingenue routine is on autopilot , and the whole thing looks like a sub-prime American TV movie .
It 's a squirming watch , at times quite tortuous because the film can never decide if it 's a musical or a play with far too much music .
A gentle period piece that will look more comfortable on the small screen .
Adams is adorable as the wide-eyed would-be starlet , with McDormand spot-on as the sensible half of the odd couple . A delightfully frivolous screwball comedy .
A charming 1930s Cinderella meets Sex And The City , only faster , funnier and male-friendly , with some depths in its subtler observations of morality .
The movie draws you in and keeps getting better as it went along . I have a feeling I might even enjoy it better a second time .
The story is so satisfying , the spectacle so enjoyable and the dialogue so delectable , I ca n't wait to see it again . Love it !
Plays like a breeze and ends before we know it . In the current state of cinema , all we can hope for is one like this per year .
Director , Bharat Nalluri , keeps the comedy humming while unpacking Pettigrew 's sad back story .
Uncork the champagne you Noel Coward lovers , you passionate Cole Porter queens . Here is a movie that combines the effortless sophistication and lyrical cleverness of those two witty gay icons .
An ultra-light screwball comedy with enough charm ot make Miss Pettigrew live for at least a second viewing .
This delicious froth of an entertainment could have creaked all over the place and at times you feel it does , but Amy Adams is just magic , she lifts every role she takes on to absolutely delightful heights .
Adiafori komenti kostoymion , gia tin alitheia kai tin alithino-tita tis agapis sta hronia tis haotikis apostasis tis mpoyrzoyazias kai tis kallitehnikis ergatias .
A triumphant lark .
Apart from a reservation about the casting of Frances McDormand in the title role , Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is a joyous whirlwind of a grown-up fable
-LSB- I -RSB- f you get bored with the plot , just look at the purses and the shoes .
Right from the start , it 's easy to think , ` Well , poor Miss Pettigrew . She may have lived for a day , but let 's hope that she and everyone with her passes by nightfall . Certainly , they will have worn themselves out by then . ' And then there 's a shift .
This screwball comedy is as light as a feather , but what it lacks in substance is counterbalanced by the heavyweight actors who energize the silliness .
Somehow the characters never manage to make it all the way to likable . This film works as a quick throwaway comedy , only 90 minutes long , but is likely to be quickly forgotten .
... a delightful fast-paced romp , full of romance , heart and happy endings .
That it ends up reinforcing the fictions instead of reframing or rethinking them is the movie 's greatest disappointment , and even so , it seems trivial .
The only thing possibly more praiseworthy than Miss Pettigrew is the movie that bears her name .
The wonderful Frances McDormand , who imbues this role with a frazzled charm and endearing insecurity , creates a memorably less-than-super hero .
Modern movies seem to feel that women should pay for their independence by suffering and fretting over it , but there 's not a whiff of that depressing and unfair attitude here , which is ... delightfully refreshing .
Despite its often stagy stab at classic screwball comedy , Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day eventually finds its feet .
It 's a little obvious that director Bharat Nalluri has n't really worked in farce before .
more than the sum of its facile narrative parts .
The transparency of the plot does n't really matter . The two leading ladies are so likable that it 's a predetermined ending that we want to see happen .
... a screwball comedy that 's as light as a hot buttery cinnamon scone and so much easier to digest .
-LSB- Ciaran Hinds is -RSB- a terrific character actor , and he actually gets to play somewhat of a romantic lead in the story with Frances McDormand , which I thought was so sweet and gave this film just a little bit of gravity .
Once again , Amy Adams is a wide-eyed delight , this time in `` Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day . '' And the wonderful Frances McDormand shines with a luster all her own in the title role .
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is a charmingly inconsequential , frothy feel-good film made all the more enjoyable by the production 's eye-candy and the obvious fun the wonderful cast is having .
The era , costumes , sets and music make Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day feel like a classic film of the 1930s or 40s in which comedy mixed with drama and the end came too quickly .
As for Adams , her breathily robust portrait is one part Monroe , two parts Holliday and one additional piece entirely of her own whimsically unique inspiration .
Movie-making at its zenith .
Likable enough movie made even more likable by McDormand and Adams .
A charming mix of screwball comedy and poignant romance , Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is lighthearted period fun .
Amy Adams has pulled off a thespian three-peat with Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day -- and it may be a good time for other bright-eyed Hollywood naifs to consider getting a new thing .
At least Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day has the good grace to go wrong quickly ; you do n't have to sit there squirming with doubt .
Based on the 1938 novel by Winifred Watson , Miss Pettigrew is a veritable treat . Wisely cast , this handsome production is a delightful farcical fairy tale , bolstered by moments of depth and emotion .
-LSB- It -RSB- looks and sounds great , and is at its best when it is n't trying too hard to have fun .
You ca n't criticize a soufflé for not being a side of beef .
A lively and often enchanting '30s screwball that just happens to be brand-new .
The Depression-era Cinderella comedy Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is sporadically enjoyable and always gorgeous to behold .
Miss Pettigrew is one of those rare cases where a filmmaker 's good intentions , and the enthusiasm of his actors , are enough to fill in the cracks .
David Magee and Simon Beaufoy weave appropriate period-piece banter into their classically structured script .
This nostalgic Cinderella story starring Hollywood 's scandalously underutilized treasure is a jubilee for McDormand and jolly good fun for most everyone else .
If you felt the problem with Atonement was that it took all of the fun out of World War II , well , somebody 's made a movie just for you .
It 's about time somebody brought the wide-eyed wonder back to movies , and it 's wonder indeed we experience whenever we get to witness the divine Ms. Adams at work .
I adore Frances McDor mand , but she 's seri ously miscast -- in a title role Emma Thompson could play in her sleep -- in Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day , an uneasy blend of screwball comedy and pathos set in 1939 London .
In adapting Winifred Watson 's 1938 novel , director Bharat Nalluri strains frantically to evoke the champagne fizz of classic screwball comedies .
A snappy adaptation of a nearly forgotten 1938 British novel . Madcap chorines , long-suffering domestics , a giddy playboy foolishly sinking Daddy 's money into a show -- it 's all here , along with a happy ending .
A mixture of strange and obscure ingredients that Bharat Nalluri , a TV director , and Finding Neverland co-writer David Magee never bring to a boil .
It 's hard not to like a movie in which Frances McDormand spends half her screen time staring longingly at leftover scraps of bread and half-eaten apples , as she does in the charmingly featherweight Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day .
It 's based on the 1938 novel by Winifred Watson , and it 's quick , witty and charming throughout .
Working from an unabashedly contrived but splendidly clever script by David Magee and Simon Beaufoy , director Bharat Nalluri keeps the mood light , the pace brisk and the wordplay pleasurable .
From the premise to the sets to the performances , everything about this lively comic fable is dead predictable .
There 's an easy congeniality and air of old-school wit to Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day , and even if the film tries too hard at times , it 's awfully enjoyable despite itself .
It sparkles mostly because of McDormand and her two main co-stars , Amy Adams and Shirley Henderson , a lesser-known actress from Scotland who just about steals the show .
It 's fortunate that Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day stars Frances McDormand and Amy Adams . Actors ' showcases are only worthwhile if the actors are worth watching .
Director Bharat Nalluri tries to goose the bedroom farce with swing music , heavy on the brushes and clarinet , and the blossoming romance between the frumpy Pettigrew and an urbane fashion designer seems willfully ignorant of British class codes .
If dour Miss Pettigrew does indeed live for a day , good for her . That 's 24 hours longer than this movie seems to .
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is an improbably airy entertainment : It 's like a cheery 1930s pop song with lyrics about innocence and experience .
Less a shocking discovery than the starting-off point for a swell stage play or , as here , a novel from the prefeminist trenches .
After a slow and tiresome start , Miss Pettigrew forges ahead with true British fortitude and class , an endearing bond forming between McDormand and Adams , who are ably backed by a top-notch supporting cast led by Ciaran Hinds and Shirley Henderson .
Adams channels every dizzy 1930s ingénue as she sashays about in silk and exclaims , ` Jeepers ! ' at every opportunity .
How light is this movie ? So buoyant that even an air raid warning , signaling that this whole world is about to crumble under the blitz , ca n't dampen its giddy spirits .
Miss Pettigrew Lives For a Day may be a fairly small-scale comedy , but it delivers tremendous satisfaction , and that 's a victory in and of itself ...
A carefree farce , which this movie wants so desperately to be , should move a lot faster and be more fun than it is .
... thank goodness someone thought to cast McDormand and Adams in a movie together .
Frothy and exuberantly entertaining -- in part because of the sexual innuendoes -- it 's the best romantic comedy so far this year .
This flat-footed screwball period piece is aimed at the ` art house ' crowd , which means it must take itself seriously , which means it must stop dead in its tracks to address the waste of war , and so on ...
Adams can be a better actress than this , and the result is something like Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? -- Miss Pettigrew is a real person , and Delysia is a toon .
It does have its charms and while I ca n't entirely recommend it , I am not exactly sorry that I saw it .
A delicious spring release in a season usually reserved for the year 's celluloid flotsam , `` Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day '' can already be declared to be one of the year 's most enjoyable films .
Minor and adult , with a bass note of ruefulness underpinning its frothy champagne nose
... one of those madcap farces bringing to mind the era of P.G. Wodehouse ...
The film substitutes speed for camaraderie and cleverness .
It may feel insubstantial , but it 's far more accomplished than it appears .
Miss Pettigrew recalls the screwball comedy era , but it 's more a stylish simulation than a full-bodied feature .
Shot in widescreen , all the better to appreciate the swanky art deco sets , Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day can feel static ... but the wonderful lead actresses provide the momentum that the composition and editing fail to provide .
a perfect example of how you can make a quick-witted , funny movie and still throw in a bit of raunchiness with taste .
frequently overreaches
... the pronounced emphasis on the amorous escapades of both Miss Pettigrew and Delysia slowly but surely breathes some much needed life into an otherwise stale affair .
It may be traditional , but it is not the slightest bit musty .
As light and pleasant as a summer breeze and almost as weightless .
An effervescent romantic comedy that sparkles and delights .
Amy Adams is strawberry bubble gum and does n't just chase after the performance , she boards it like a rocket and blasts off . It 's equal parts adorability , cunning allure , and million-dollar charm .
... a lighter than air concoction that plays like Gentlemen Prefer Blondes crossed with Pocketful of Miracles . This broad farce is an enjoyable meringue of a movie albeit one of little staying power .
Although it 's small-scale , the film has a sumptuous sheen .
There 's little imagination in the film 's artificial , back-lot-tour vision of London , and little surprise in how the complicated plot finally untangles itself .
The screwball comedy 's charm verges on frothy wish fulfillment , but gets anchored by Amy Adams ' refusal to play shallow
A lot of actresses might have shrunk from the challenge of matching her performance , but McDormand is terrific . And her British accent is subtle enough to work .
After a particularly dour Oscar season , the jolly romantic romp Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day sparkles like a rhinestone in the muck .
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is terminally pleasant . Granted , pleasant is n't a bad thing , but the film calls for a looser , more wild side that never quite comes .
By the end of Miss Pettigrew , an artificial construct full of familiar comic archetypes has relaxed into a charming Cinderella story .
Full of happiness waiting to bloom and an irresistible , splendid little picture that could probably thrive on stage .
Director Bharat Nalluri compounds the chintziness with a full-throttle approach that blows away any lingering nuance from the source material .
Charming period comedy is a frothy fairy tale .
Character comedies that actually have some depth and fun are as rare as boobs without silicone in Hollywood . Miss Pettigrew reaches these heights with a sensibility of an old studio picture with stylized glamour , lovable rogues and McDormand .
Watching McDormand stretch out diphthongs that nonetheless obstinately refuse to budge from mid-Atlantic , all I could think was , what , the Emilys Blunt and Watson were n't available ?
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is n't going to change your life . But it will make it a lot more enjoyable for a couple of hours .
The players , especially Adams , overwhelm -LSB- director -RSB- Nalluri 's early uncertainty and make sure that Miss Pettigrew does indeed live for a day , and for one pretty delightful night at the movies .
Really nothing more than a bright , sugary confection , but one that goes down easily .
The closest it comes to being interesting is when air raid sirens blare , bringing all the nonsense to a halt for a too-brief respite . But there are only so many air raids to go around .
Amy Adams ' Delysia is a whirling dervish of deceit . And yet , thanks to Adams ' beaming smile , she 's still sweet .
It 's not the cinema of the century , but it 's delicious and it melts in your mouth .
Miss Pettigrew is a feel-good production that strives and succeeds to put smiles on the faces of its viewers .
The characters behave manically -- in some imbecilic notion of Anglo farcical style , spitting out their lines with blinding haste -- as if speed will conceal their utter lack of wit .
The fragile subtlety of the pas de deux of Ms. McDormand and Mr. Hinds is alone worth the price of admission .
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is a trifle of a movie confection , sweet and gummy as a jelly bean -- and 10 minutes later , just as forgettable .
What a difference a day makes in this cheeky comedy of manners .
Two glorious star turns by gifted actresses Frances McDormand and Amy Adams .
Eventually builds enough steam to pay off emotionally .
A mixed bag of strengths and wekanesses , this adaptation of the 1930s Brit novel has charming moments but also cloying artificiality and is not as frothy and fun as it wants to be .
Brisk , peppy , light on its feet , and trying awfully hard to be reminiscent of a fast-talking Depression-era rags-to-riches comedy , the film can be best described as inoffensive .
A neo-screwball hip comedy jazzed up with a classy swing score and a fresh coat of salty , rapid-fire conversations , this midlife Cinderella satire embraces the rude antics of the scandalous UK elite , as world war looms all around their silly , empty heads .
This farcical quest for happiness goes down like a rich souffle ' with about as much to think about afterward , once Miss Pettigrew 's Day is over .
Is n't nearly as fun and frothy as it wants to be .
Frances McDormand executive produced this deft and sophisticated screwball comedy that 's more than just a perfect movie for grandmothers .
Director Bharat Nalluri keeps the misunderstandings and ruses of Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day going at a quick tempo .
It 's wonderfulness on a rampage .
Completely enjoyable and largely fun , but almost instantly forgettable .
Since this is a Cinderella story , Amy Adams is perfectly cast as is Frances McDormand as a dowdy governess morphed into a princess .





@highlight

Miss Pettigrew is a breezy period comedy carried by the strong performances of Amy Adams and Frances McDormand .